(Story dates from 8/2019)
Disclaimers:
Everyone in this story is over age 18 because that's mostly who my friend-base is when these events happen.
All the names are completely invented because life is embarrassing enough.
That said, my real name is Richard S. "Red" Dunbar, Jr.
The history of life on the Ceres Asteroid Colony is well known so you'll have to just accept my personal history as the truth even if no one else in-Colony is gonna say so.
== Chapter: Introduction ==
Having red hair is odd. At least I grew up with it being so. It's gotten to be more common, and it's not a coincidence.
To get to why, I need to step back in time a little.
My parents migrated to Ceres when I was 8, coming into the just-formed mining operation as low-g metallurgical and smelter operations engineers. Since they were married and already had two kids (my younger sister and I), they were sought after as a 'stable family unit'.
(Single people had to watch their lifetime cosmic-ray radiation exposure much more carefully; lots of people self-donated sperm and eggs before they left Earth for just that worry. Keeping a good colony-wide gender ratio was important, too, so premade families with two adult engineers and kids had subsidized transport costs.)
The colony was growing fast, but it was always growing fast. Living quarters were tight, but low-g areas held too many labs, automated warehouses, robotic factory floors, and mostly-automated greenhouses to count. The colony's mining and manufacturing meant nearly-free steel already formed into girders, plates, sheets, anything needed. At first, before we got there, they made living quarters from girders and boxes, but very soon assembly bots pulled these together onto spindles and spun them for gravity.
Of course, all this had to be set up somewhat below the surface in an immense set of caves for cosmic-ray protection. and clustered the surface operations at Ceres' north pole. If you put a massive rotating structure on the equator of a rotating body, you'd grind the bearings up quickly. Being at a pole let those stresses dissipate.
As the first huge structures were erected and spun up there were giant parties, usually because space was tight and more living area was very welcome. Despite sometimes having to hot-bunk (working opposite shifts and sleeping in the same bed), people still kept emigrating based on great pay and a chance to work on some of the most advanced low-g manufacturing there was.
Despite the robotics, there were things that only people could figure out and do.
Some families had it tough, having to hot-bunk, but my parents made enough as engineers to have pretty good quarters. Right after we arrived, we moved into the first big hab, a 500-meter diameter, 1000 meter long cylinder, spinning to give 1.1G at the outer layer.
By the time I started college, there were 17 habs (habitation cylinders), each big enough for 20,000 people, though I don't know for sure what our real population was.
Some additional living quarters were set up in the low-g factory spaces, though not many people stayed there for long. They were for people who had to spend some time out there babysitting a project, traveling to/from a mining site, repairing ships and equipment, or just being on the surface.
I heard numbers like Ceres having about 235,000 people at one point, but I'm not sure that was official or anything.
Each hab was set into its own cavern so an emergency in one wouldn't affect any others. We moved into a brand-new one, and I remember having to climb ladders all the time before they had finished all the interior spaces.
For those that aren't clued-in on spacer culture, having a living unit with some kind of grav to it was a Very Cool Thing. That is, it removed your time limits for being there.
Without grav, both bone loss and muscle loss would accumulate, other bodily systems (especially lymphatic ones) would develop faults, and you'd eventually lose the ability to ever return to any planetary (or reasonable moon-sized) gravity field. To be fair, it would take years to get that far, and nobody did that, but it was a constraint and everyone planned their work time around where they could get grav and to right-size their zog time ('zog' being spacer lingo for zero g operations).
Zog isn't bad, it just has to be less than a certain number of hours a day or your re-joining a normal society got to be super-stressful with weightlifting and constant medical monitoring.
Ceres was a mining and refining operation both since it had volatiles in abundance. Really great deposits of carbon, water-ice, magnesium, sulfur, silicon, iron, nickel, platinum group metals, and lithium deposits were all around, just sitting there waiting to be purified and shipped, or manufactured into useful things.
Not that the manufacturing on Ceres was all that fancy, to be sure, but most activity was making ingots of purified metals. As I got older and the population grew, we got PV panel manufacturing systems, too. Increasingly, instead of just shipping purified amorphous or polycrystalline ingots, we could print our own.
Getting fancier equipment made us, as a colony, More Money! The big deal was getting to roll and assemble high-tech alloy rocket engine components, computer chips, toasters, and every other type of consumer good, but manufacturing sometimes required gravity, especially for the workers on an assembly line.
In junior high, my teacher told me we had achieved being self-sufficient.
I repeated this factoid to my mother and she burst out laughing, and then set me straight. We could make our own food, water, living quarters, and all manner of other essential things, she said, but not some other really important things, like complex pharmaceuticals, some kinds of industrial chemicals, chocolate, certain kinds of alcohol, and entertainment.
That conversation grew into a game of naming things that Ceres couldn't make, and figuring out how we could cobble it together. I wasn't old enough to know what Bourbon whiskey was yet (something yucky my dad drank), so I said we could make some from grinding up Carstil (my sister's brown toy). That phrase became a family saying, if you wanted something but couldn't have it, well, we'll just grind up Carstil.
Later, my dad explained that we did have bourbon distilleries, but the taste wasn't right; it lacked oak barrels. We had oak trees, but the wood was too precious to make barrels from, I think.
I never got much into bourbon. I liked rum better.
When I was 17 and started college (I matured early), I moved out of our family's quarters and moved into a student cub in a student room, nearer to my university classes.
Cubs were rectangular tubes that were what most people had for sleeping areas. I'd had one at my parent's place, but it was a lot smaller and was just a bed with a shelf. The college-student one was both wider and longer, with a mostly-soundproof door. Each room had 4 cubs, lockers for each for clothes, an outer common room with seating, a kitchen and small bar-table, and a two-space bathroom.
The student cub was about 1.5 meters high and wide, and 4 meters deep. The 'double' bed had shelves around it, a small drawer unit and desk area for studying, HVAC vents, and even their own Spot. A Spot, technically, is an SBT, "sink/bidet/toilet", but everyone pronounced it spot.
It's super-nice to not have to get out of your cub in the middle of the night, swing down if you're on the upper-level (thank goodness I wasn't), and pad across cold floors to the actual bathroom, which had no internal walls and thus no privacy.
With the low ceiling height, you had to be careful kneel-walking or rolling to get around, but it worked out. Let's just say, both space and privacy were limited and coveted.
This isn't to say that we were prudish in covering our every square inch of skin. There was little diversity of clothing -- mostly people had to wear a uniform pant, t-shirt, and jacket, for reasons having to do with safety and something about the colony technically being originally quasi-military.
There were fancy clothes, but they were expensive and the culture was very much conformist. We operated under the laws of New Zealand, so free speech and visual expression were allowed, but infrequently used. Sticking out was a bad thing, and social pressure was enormous to conform, not show excessive emotions, and get along cordially with neighbors. Anyone making a fuss created a crowd scene -- we didn't have lots of space to be loud, literally or metaphorically.
The governmental setup was an odd mix. We technically were under military law, but in practice we had a hierarchy of parliaments and local leadership. The military part was from way back when the colony was founded as a military outpost, research center, and strategic metals refining operation, run jointly by the Peru-Argentina-NewZealand Intergovernmental Expeditionary Science Squadron (Yes, it spelled 'panzies', but that acronym stood for a type of flower in Spanish and wasn't derisive like in English).
There were military facilities on Ceres and they were a part of the colony, but I'll get to that later.
I attended one of the 7 colleges, usually watching video explanations of new material, doing practical exercises in class time, and getting access to instructors when I didn't understand something.
In the Ceres culture, we were very formal with each other; I think this was an outgrowth of having so little space to grow and privacy about our persons. The colony was constantly expanding, and like so many others I took part in welcoming / orientation sessions for newbs who showed up and didn't know the layout, terms, or crucial facts. That formality, I always emphasized because lots of them didn't know it, was REALLY important, for culture, and for safety, so everyone knew the same safety stuff, the same way.
The safety material had been taught already, everyone got that quickly or they got shipped out again fast. They had to be taught the Ceres-specific stuff, though, like social and leadership hierarchies, meaning getting out of the way fast for blue shirt security or yellow shirts medics.
Newbs always had trouble figuring out how to take turns, looking for nonverbal body language about who was supposed to go next. Hesitating and not going when it was your turn messed everyone up and meant people would come up to you all day and ask why you didn't take your turn correctly. The pressure was, as I said, sometimes oppressive.
Gender separation was normal for most unmarried living quarters, but you could do what you wanted once you got to be over 18, technically. Not many of my guy friends lived with their girlfriends, though, since changing rooms was complicated and a hassle once you got used to your roommates' oddities.
Long term bf/gf couples (or any couple, really) could put in for a private room, but those were super expensive and changing rooms too often would get you put lower on the list. Incentives were strongly towards status-quo and encouraging marriages. Any child born was one less person that had to be shipped out from Earth.
Classes were about equal numbers of men and women, guys and girls, however you want to say it. There was one college on Ceres that had segregated-gender classes, but none of my friends knew why that place existed.
In the classroom and out, formality was a helpful thing. We didn't show too much emotion since yelling would carry a long distance down hallways and wake up babies, and then everyone had to listen to the baby or babies cry forever.
Another oddity for newbs to adjust to was walking in formation. It has become second nature. We did it in school and it helped large groups move more compactly, which let us get through crowds without 'friction'.
The formation thing was also a safety thing, since it kept people doing known-things and away from panic mode. A lot of the safety factors in movement were getting a group of people from danger to safety, and walking or running in formation would save your life if your area was depressurizing.
Low Pressure - Lopress - was a frequent drill. It also happened in real life.
Getting out of a rotating section (when going to another hab, for instance) required coordination of a group, acting in unison to jump from the rotating bit to less-rotating to low-grav. This was Totally Everyday at the end of shift-changes, getting on and off the rotating sections, and it was a dance that had to be coordinated or the newbs would plow into people and knock down or injure old people and kids.
From our earliest ages, we learned to respect the will of the people around us, follow the law, and attempt to alleviate discord by ensuring emotion was removed from situations wherever possible.
We were far from humorless, though. We did play jokes on each other, but they were kind-hearted and very limited in scope. Learning what scale of joke you could pull on a specific person was part of the way we discovered how social conventions worked.
I wasn't all that great at dismissing my emotional context at a moment's notice, not like the kids that were born on Ceres. I was an old-timer, technically, but I didn't arrive until I was in early elementary school, so I didn't quite get all the socializations that those born on Ceres did.
This brings us to the Important Events that changed forever the life of the colony, and that's the reason I'm writing this.
All social interaction is context, I've been told, and section has been context for... some pretty massive changes, as I'm sure you'll see. Mostly, you probably already know this stuff, but this is my first-hand account. Since I was born with a really good memory, and my parents got me Eidetic-Memory medications when I was young, I'm somewhat more capable than others to relate it all.
I MUST WARN you, though: I've been encouraged to be as honest as possible in this description, candid to an extreme that is quite unusual by typical writing standards.
I asked, and was told, I had to relate every feeling, emotion, sensation, and even suspicions of what others were feeling along the way. They said someone would edit out my prurient content later so schoolkids might get a chance to read it, but in the meantime, it was Highly Important that I be accurate and complete.
Well, since this is for future generations to analyze, I will be. The 'be complete' directive is one I'll take to whatever extreme I can, no matter if it results in utterly prurient sex-filled descriptions.
I should mention that like most Cerians, I've always kept a diary. Even though I remember well, sometimes my memory is shaded by subsequent events and it's helpful to keep track at the time. I will supplement this description with diary entries wherever I can. I might rewrite sections to add detail or make it flow well, but it's basically the same info.
Here goes:
== Chapter: The Start of Something Wrong ==
Jan 3rd, Sunday, night. Diary. Saw the Transport Elfin-10 crash today. It's the first time I've ever seen something, live, where I knew someone was dying as I watched. It's pretty freaky, knowing that. I was in organic chem class, when someone got a message and threw the vid feed on to the wall. The transport was coming in too hot. They'd had some kind of malfunction. We all figured they'd find a way to fix it, but of all surprises, no one could help them in time, so they crashed. The wreckage wasn't that far from the colony, maybe 20 klicks. Still, if it had come down on top of us, it might have hit a surface structure we needed, so I guessed it was a good thing that they hit where they did.
Jan 19th. Had a very odd thing happen today. When I went to racquetball, one of the guys playing had very odd stripes down his back, dark, not red. It was odd. He had gotten some ribbing about it but laughed it off.
Jan 23rd. General Alarm!
I'd only ever heard the general alarm a couple of times, and only during alarm tests. It's pretty scary. Mom and Dad taught me right, though. I was in history class. We all knew what to do and we did it.
CONTEXT: Kids are taught very closely what to do, where to go, at every age. We drilled frequently on how to react to various alarms. The General Alarm ("GA") meant doing a specific list of things. That list was the same as the specific alarms like room-air-bad or air leak in the water drains.
It was still scary to hear the alarm sound, though. We were tested on the checklist in school, too, and everyone had to know it 100% or we'd get bad marks as a group. The safety protocols mostly encompassed locking down everything, closing hatches, sealing the air, water supply and drains, switching room power to GA mode, render first aid, and a whole lot of specialized stuff if we were in tricky areas like engineering spaces.
The buzzer sounded for 'hold stations' and then the PA said, "Stand By for Ceres Provost".
The Ceres Provost guy was kind of a dick. I never liked him much, he always seemed kind of smarmy, like he knew he was getting away with something but was doing it anyway. And, like a ship captain, he used his power. I was coming down a ladder once into a ModuleCommons and he yelled to me to sweep the floor and wipe off the windows up there. Everybody knows that you can't see through those windows unless you're coming down the ladder, and since it makes you dizzy to look out of them, we don't.
But, there were some grownups in the commons, and they heard him, and I heard him, so I had to do what he said. It was a giant hassle, and I got a little motion sick doing it. I had to focus on my hand and squint so I didn't look outside too much.
Of course he didn't stick around to verify I'd done the job, he just gave the order and left, and I happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. One of the adults, when I finished, told me to take a vid of the clean windows and send it to the Provost's office or he'd get pissed later and pretty soon everyone would have to be cleaning windows. I learned some important things that day. First, you can't avoid Provost orders, ever; second, everyone else knew he was a dick, too.
The PA shifted to the Provost's voice, kind of gravelly, but also kind of nervous-sounding.
He said, "Biological containment protocols are now in effect. An unknown pathogen, uh, disease, has spread to various people, and we're trying to track down who has come in contact. Each SAG ['survival area group', a fancy name for whoever you're in the room with at the time the alarm goes off] will perform your normal SAG report -- location, number of persons in the group, visible damage. Visible damage in this case means listing the name of each person in your group and whether they show symptoms, yes/no."
We looked at each other, wondering. We didn't know about any worries yet, this was out of the black (a surprise).
"Symptoms seem to be, at the moment, wide red or brown lines, usually on the torso, and usually vertical. Every person shall disrobe completely and submit to inspection by all other SAG members. Persons are not to touch each other if possible. Use of force to ensure compliance with this order is authorized but spilling bodily fluids is discouraged for obvious reasons. Once we have a handle on the scale here, probably in several hours, we will revise. Note that taking a medical history of the red markings would also be helpful. That is all."
So, we were in lockdown, in class, nowhere to go, not much food to eat, and the socially unpleasant task of inspecting each other loomed in my mind.
Egads.
We were going to have to get naked in front of each other!
This was upsetting, to say the least. Everyone was looking at each other. We hadn't even done the 'suss-up', figuring out who was boss. Whoever got it, was going to have a big set of instructions to give.
Privacy was a HUGE deal, and most people didn't give it up easily.
One of the reasons everyone wore standard uniform clothing was that it was deliberately opaque to optical, infrared, UV, and even mid-range light frequencies. The day was when you could scan what someone looked like through their clothes and build a 3-d model of them to have VR fun with. It was seriously an invasion of privacy, but I knew guys that mentioned 'knowing someone' who did it, which is to say, they did it and didn't want it to get around that they did, but they wanted to brag since it was "sexy".
If there was anything true onboard a tight-knit social group like Cerians were, it was that there were no big secrets that lasted long.
We were about to have very few secrets about what we looked like. I looked around and saw the faces all around indicated some measure of terror, though I didn't know for sure if it was the contagion or the prospect of being birthday-suited.
The teacher spoke up first. She said, "Suss-up. I'm level 7, general, no side-bumps." She was average and had no special qualifications like hazardous materials handling or field medic training. "...Anyone level 8 or higher?"
Now, I should mention that in high school classes, the teacher was almost always rated highest and therefore leader. But, by college, everyone had an alarm or lockdown rating that ranked them by competence, and it was all based on who knew the most about station engineering and safety protocols.
During drills (and we hadn't had one yet during sessions of that class), we found out who outranked whom and it was usually a fun surprise.
So far, 80% of classes or more had an uplevel student because I was taking engineering classes and that was part of the curriculum. Professors tended to have lower ones because they specialized in teaching and the subject matter.
All during this I was getting more and more nervous. I had an erection. I'd had one since that morning, and it wasn't going away. I wasn't sure about anyone else, but that was more about me than I wanted to reveal in an entirely different way.
My nervousness was my strong undertone. Things moved along quickly. We found our highest rated was Chohun, a senior in the engineering school. She took charge and had us separate to space ourselves out as much as possible, opposite sides of the classroom by gender, where we started taking off clothes.
Clearly and calmly, she ordered us to remove each garment so we'd go at the same speed, so it was fair, she said. We were to fold them neatly in a pile, also, so we didn't get confused over whose clothing was whose. That would risk someone getting an infected person's undergarments instead of their own.
On one level, I was terrified about several things at the same time. But, General Alarm things don't happen that often, and the circumstance made obeying rules an absolute. It was drilled into us that whatever was suss'up, the leader, we HAD to obey them, and it was a crime not to.
There was a level on which this was amusing, too. Chohun was always very OCD. She'd been the black-and-white good-bad dichotomy type forever, and I'd been in several classes with her so I had a sense of who she was. In a culture that values privacy, we knew a lot about each other, and we always knew who was who because our names were on our jumpsuits anyway. The idea that we'd get someone else's jumpsuit when our name was on it was highly unlikely, and I would have put my shoes and all that on my jumpsuit when I took it off anyway.
I think she was having us be super-neat because she wanted us to focus on something besides the fact that we were about to be fully naked in front of each other.
As we undid our jumpsuits, the sound of Velcro parting filled the room, and little else. I'd seen girls in swimsuits before, and I'd been on dates where I'd done some exploring, but mostly Ceres culture (to newbs) was puritanical.
We had access to lots of porn in our rooms, but in person most of us were pretty circumspect. It was another aspect of a small-town atmosphere that even though Ceres Colony was big, it felt small because we usually stayed pretty near the people we'd known for a long time. People just didn't move that much, and there was some suspicion when people did because it might work out to be some scandal they were trying to avoid.
In close proximity, the devil you know is better than the devil you don't. Changing living groups could get you away from a socially awkward event, but news would follow you anyway, and then you'd have to build up goodwill there, too.
The jackets and pants came off, tentatively, witchingly, all at about the same rate. The glances were quick, mostly staring at the floor in front of them, up in an eye-flicker and down again. We all knew what was coming - we were going to have to get naked. Even worse than a doctor or your roommates, this was in front of people we knew.
I'd dated a girl from this class, Evaline, just out to a meal in the commons away from friends, then a shared-video experience in a scheduled-room. She and I got along well, I thought, but she said no after the second date with no further clue as to what I'd done incorrectly. I'd sometimes pondered the why of it, but it didn't seem proper to go up and ask her.
Undressing, I think we were all wondering if we had, or who else had, stripes. I couldn't look at my own back, but no one had mentioned anything, either.
As I got down to underwear, the problem of my erection became impossible to hide. I'd been having them for the past week, more and more, very strong ones. They ached after a while, and the only way to make them go down was to sneak off and stroke out a little relief, sometimes twice in a row, just to get it to drop. If I went too long, they became painful, aching in my testes and lower abdomen.
As a college student, I had more freedom than in high school, and I'd just arrived late for that class because I'd ducked out to a bathroom to stroke it (I even carried lube in my school day-pack). Even more oddly, as I'd been finishing, I'd been getting what I'd term 'giant ropes' of semen. Some even were tinged in parts with the faintest shade of yellow instead of being pure white.
Believe me, when different things happen with your penis, as a guy, you pay attention.
I don't know if all of us were having the problem before that moment, but being in a crowd of rapidly undressing women meant not only was my pecker full-on erect, all the other guys had the same thing going on, too.
I glanced over to Ted, a guy I'd known for a year or two, and my eye caught his, and I flicked my head to indicate we both had the same problem. He grimaced back at me; we had the same problem. Nonverbal, but effective communications.
We were all in underwear, most of the guys facing away from the girls, even though we could have seen things over there. Everyone, by that time, noticed that we all had the same situation.
Keenan, a darker-skinned guy, raised the issue first. "Chohun?"
"Yes?" She turned to face him, standing at the front of the class. She was altogether naked already, standing somewhat formally, straight-backed, shoulders back, head held high. She was 'in-charge' and knew that her words carried the force of law, which puts a limit on things, I thought.
Keenan cleared his throat and tried to look her in the eye, I could see, despite his eyes dropping once or twice. "I don't want to surprise people, so I'd better say something? I have ... a boner."
She considered for a second and said, "I had actually noticed that already. You all - you men - seem to have them... But, it can't be helped. The Provost instructions were very clear. We are all adults now. I trust we can all be adult enough to keep our comments to ourselves, and be compassionate for the people around us. This is especially true since someone here might be infected, and they wouldn't lock us down for having a head cold."
Putting the spin on it being a deadly-serious thing took the 'fun' out of it, but it didn't actually do anything deflation-wise.
All of us in our underwear, staring at the ground, hesitated. Chohun said, "Right then. Get on with it. Last of it, off. All naked. No socks, no underwear, no bras... Fold it neatly."
We were doing that, for sure. It took up time and that meant a delay before having to reveal ourselves.
Benda was the first after Chohun. She had, it turned out, spectacular breasts. The girls went ahead, shedding their clothes, and us guys had to comply, too. The first guy to strip-out was someone I didn't know too well. He shrugged and pulled down his underwear, freeing a prominent but slightly curving-up erection that bounced a little as he maneuvered. I hadn't seen too many other erections in person, if ... any? Probably none, I decided.
"RIGHT. NOW, CIRCLE UP."
We moved to stand in a circle, clearing the chairs out of the way. The girls, bending over to pick up the chairs, some of their breasts dangled a little as they did it. It was almost mesmerizing, but I didn't want to stare too much so I moved some chairs around and tried to mind my own business.
You can bet that I showed no emotion while observing this, none of us did. On the outside, it would have looked like we were perfectly calm and collected.
Once we were done moving the chairs, we were mixed up boy-girl-boy-girl, more or less, standing in a circle.
We looked around at each other.
Of the 25 people in the class, 2 of the 14 girls had stripes on their skin... and 5 of the 11 guys did.
I was not one of them, at least that I knew of, right off. We all turned around to show our backs. Chohun had been typing on a pad, entering our names and red-stripes status.
Mrs. Gloster, our teacher, had been quiet until then, standing in the corner and also stripping with the rest of us, but she was farther away. Chohun called her to come and stand as part of the group. Her breasts were slightly more saggy, but still pretty nice, as breasts go.
My red hair got a fair amount of attention, I think, at least that's what I told myself since I got more stares (I believed) than the other guys. I hadn't trimmed my pubic hair, so it was really bushy, but I wasn't alone. Some of the guys had, some hadn't, and some of the girls had or hadn't, though most of them had trimmed a little.
There was a full range from full-bushy triangle to bare, though the median amount was probably a 3-cm wide by 8 cm long landing strip.
Only one of the girls shaved her legs and armpits, it turned out, an Indian gal named Shree.
We voted together, a show of hands, on who had back-stripes and who didn't, and those that did moved to one side of the room and we went to the other.
Chohun typed this data in and sent off the report, then told us we could get dressed again, but to be prepared for another inspection since they might ask us to do that after some time interval.
We settled down to wait.
After about an hour, one of the girls went over to the almost-never-used 'spot', only barely hidden by a low wall. It wasn't ever used, I didn't think, not in my memory, at least not for anything but practical jokes. The girl went in, pulled down her pants (hidden, but obvious as a motion) and used it as a toilet, facing us but being almost invisible doing so since she was a girl and sitting. This led to several other people using it as well. We couldn't flush because the drain was closed, so Chohun sent in a request to see if we could open the drain to flush.
About 10 minutes after she put in the request, the PA system crackled to life again. It was a woman this time. She said:
"Attention. This is Doctor Kahn. I have some clarifications for you. First, bra marks are NOT red stripes. It is common to have red marks where a bra goes, especially on women who are big-chested. To eliminate this as a possible symptom, all women should remove their bras now, and keep them off for a while, maybe a couple of hours, until any red marks caused by the bra dissipate."
She paused, then continued, "Secondly: To be very clear. All red-mark checks must be done by all those present, hopefully getting a unanimous agreement. This includes the upper thighs, inside and out."
"Third item: Please create and send in a new report where each person lists any other people not immediately present with you, who have shown these red stripes. Note the person's name if known, the date you saw this, and how confident you are - 0 to 100 percent - of any data you are reporting. It's okay if you're unsure, we're trying to figure out if these marks go away or not."
"Fourth and final item: Please note any other unusual health symptoms you've noticed. BE VERY BRIEF, we can't read everyone's reports. Summarize, please. Anything unusual."
"That is all."
Chohun said, "First, let's get down reports about other people. Anyone?"
Some people had seen roommates with stripes. I mentioned seeing my friend playing racquetball, and the date I saw him, at least several days prior. Most of the previous sightings had been in the previous week, but one was almost 2 weeks prior.
She was busy writing for a minute or two, then looked up. I realized I had to tell her. I raised my hand.
Chohun said, "Yes?"
"I have something to report, it's medical. It's also embarrassing, but it's medical, so I'm ... going to."
"Go ahead. We won't laugh." Her glance around the group told me this would be obeyed.
I cleared my throat. "Uh, so, like about a week, maybe 10 ago, I started getting, uh, seriously strong erections? At all the wrong times? I thought it was because I was... well, fantasizing or something, about a sexy dream or ... whatever. But, during the day, it happened, and it got to be painful. At first, I tried to fix it by jumping into a shower and turning the water all the way cold, which is amazingly cold, let me say."
Around the circle, two other guys held up their hands and nodded in agreement.
I said, "I'm sorry, guys, I'm going to admit to something you may not want to agree with. I found... after the 3rd day, this was about a week ago now, that the cold shower didn't work anymore, and I started hurting in my testes and lower abdomen. So, I thought, what the heck, I was overdue, and I ... 'handled' the problem, if you know what ..."
Chohun nodded, serious.
"That helped a lot, and then I could start having some time when I wasn't ... erect. Only about 3 hours, I think, it lasted, so I had to do it again, and again, and eventually I got to where I could sleep for a while. It was a lot easier, too, to go to a restroom spot where I had a stall and do that, versus going all the way back to my room or the gym level and showering."
She nodded, and I realized she'd been typing one-handed with the steno-mode. It was hard to do that -- I respected that she could, I'd never noticed it before, but she usually sat in the rear of the class.
"Is that it?"
"Almost." I had to broach the subject sometime. "Uh... It's been like 2 hours since class started, and before that I had 2 other classes. I... haven't taken care of my problem since this morning, and it's really... starting to hurt. I don't want to be ... "
She interrupted, and said, "I understand, I think we all might. Does anyone else have this problem, too?"
All of the other guys in the room immediately raised their hands.
She muttered, "Egads." Stopping a second from looking around, she went back to typing on her pad. Finally, she looked up and said, "Right. Report sent."
Mrs. Gloster said, "Chohun? If I may?" Getting agreement she continued, looking at me first, then at the others. "You obviously have a medical condition related to this situation. There is no shame here.... In fact, I have to say how much I admire you for speaking up like this, it can't be easy to talk about."
"No, ma'am."
"Very well. So. Chohun, the earliest date that any of this was noticed was, what, 2 weeks ago? I daresay we've all been exposed by now to whatever it is. Certainly you boys have, and Alissa and Danielle. I make skin-to-skin contact with every student here probably daily, when I shake your hands, or hand you a tablet, or ... you know."
I nodded.
"I guess what I'm getting at is... If it gets to be too painful for you boys, if you ... need to ejaculate? That's going to be embarrassing, but... we probably should figure out how to handle that."
Chohun agreed, "Red, what you have is definitely NOT normal. I'm thinking it's related to this thing that's happening. So... how are you now?"
"I hurt now, Chohun. I have to admit... It's not that bad yet, a strong ache? But, if I don't do something in the next hour or so... it's going to get much worse. I've... been this way... before."
Chohun said, "This is going to cause embarrassment to everyone. Do you think that... you can help yourself, with... people around you?"
I thought about it. We were all dressed again, of course, but I didn't know if I could do it around other guys. "I'm not sure if I can. I might get... distracted? At the same time, when the pain gets bad... I don't want that. It REALLY hurts BAD, and that interferes with getting it done." I had been careful to avoid a repeat of the first time the pains came, but once I was in a rhythm with classes it was okay, and I'd kind of settled into a way of operating.
Jaak, next to me, cleared his throat and said, "Uh, do we have anything ... like a lube, or something? I have to be super-careful so I don't get chafed, because I need to ... do it so much. I'm already kind of sore..."
Mrs. Gloster immediately turned to the girls and asked, but no one had any moisturizer with them aside from a small tube of medication for acne. I had a small tube of lube that I kept in my daypack, but it wasn't that big, maybe enough for 3 or 4 more sessions, and certainly not enough for the class.
Turning back to us, Mrs. Gloster said, "Okay then. So, the problem will be chafing... and you all will have this difficulty?"
We nodded, all of us.
"Well. Uh, Okay. So, I have a choice here. I can call for volunteers, but that might, if it's sexually transmitted, endanger you. So, I have to step up here. Uh... "
One of the girls who had stripes, Kayla, spoke up. I recognized her as an upperclassman, a senior in mathematics or data analysis or something. She said, "I volunteer."
That got a lot of heads to turn.
Kayla was very pretty.
She said, "I have these... red stripes? We all... We know that I do. The Provost and the doctor haven't said much, but ... It might mean I'm a dead person walking. We don't know what this disease thing is. But, I'm certainly showing some symptoms. And, you five guys? You all have them, too. So, I can't infect you if you're already infected. And, you're not going to infect me." She sighed, and said with a hopeful but kind of pursed-lips-grim face, "I'll help. I don't know how good I'll be, but I think... I can help."
The other girls were looking at each other and her, and saying encouraging things like, "I'm sure you'll get better" and "You're so brave!" and stuff like that.
Kayla stood up, and said, "Chohun, how do we decide? Who is first?"
Chohun said, "Hold..."
Mrs. Gloster interrupted. She said, "I don't have stripes. I will handle the men who don't."
There was a pause while everyone evaluated that, but, then...
Evaline spoke; she was the girl I'd gone on two dates with recently. She said, "Uh... Mrs. Gloster?" She steeled herself for something and said, clear-eyed staring at Mrs. Gloster, "I ... volunteer to handle... to take care of... Red."
The other girls said, "Oh..." and gasped a little, then a small murmur, and then she, too, got encouragement from the others, acknowledgement of it being a daring thing to do.
Evaline said, "Red and I went on a date about 2 weeks ago. We kissed, then. So, I was probably exposed then, if not since. It won't matter now. If I haven't been exposed, well, I'm not going to make him take the risk of getting exposed by having you help him, Mrs. Gloster, when you're ... helping the others."
Mrs. Gloster slowly dipped her head with a tilt sideways, acknowledging Evaline's bravery.
Chohun said, "Then, there is some work to do. I think maybe we should set up a private area in the back, but there's nothing soft to lie on."
I said, "It's okay, Chohun."
She looked at me.
"The way I feel, I'm pretty sure a soft bed won't matter. I need to, Now."
Kayla stood and reached over to Ted, sitting near her, to take his hand. They walked into the back of the classroom. Chohun got everyone else to face their chairs away from us. Evaline came and took my hand, and Mrs. Gloster came and got Jaak. All three of us were in the back, in our own little area.
There wasn't much sound except us moving things, and then the sound of opening Velcro stays and rustling of fabric as pants were pulled down. I did the same, with some help from Evaline. She looked so pretty, so I told her so, and she blushed a little and smiled at me. She was nervous, too.
She got my pants to my knees or so, then pulled down my underwear, lifting the waistband to allow it to get past and freeing my penis, pointing up at a 45-degree angle, rock-hard. It looked a little more purple than normal, but then I usually didn't leave it this long.
There was slurping from behind Evaline, and I knew that Mrs. Gloster was working on her charge, Jaak.
Evaline turned around and looked a second, watching the process, then turned back to me. She wrapped her cool hand around my penis, her touch sending chills of joy through me.
My breath inhaled sharply as she did, and I know I smiled a little.
Evaline smiled back at me. She said, "I'm not very practiced at this. I've only had one other boyfriend and he ... it wasn't very nice, so I didn't give it to him that often."
"What wasn't nice?"
"He held my head and pushed it down on him... I choked."
"Ohhhhh! Wow, yeah. Dick move. Literally."
She laughed.
I said, semi-seriously, "Of course that would choke you. Bad form. I... won't do that... I ... won't ever do that."
The implication there might be another time kind of hung there, in my mind. She nodded and said, "Good to know, thank you."
She bent over, coming in from my side, and sniffed it, obviously not smelling anything, and then delicately licked up the side. This didn't do much for me, so I waited. She looked and said, "Tell me if I'm doing the right thing, or to change up. If you like it, say so, I'll keep doing that, okay?"
"Okay."
She opened her mouth and took my cock head in it, pulling in her lips in strongly to shield her teeth, she knew enough to do that part. It felt wonderful! I made the "Hmmmmmm"-yummy sound and I could tell she was smiling, or trying to, with her mouth full. Just holding it up by the base with some fingers, she bobbed her head up and down.
I'd seen blowjobs on vid porn, so I asked, "Can you hold it, like, with all your fingers, around the base, and then bob up and down?"
She nodded and started doing that, and it started feeling really good. I told her so, and said, "Oh, yes! Jack the base a little while you're sucking... Oh, no teeth!"
She made a noise and fixed the teeth problem, then kept up her bobbing.
I liked this, for sure, but I also wanted a chance to see something more than just her movement. What can I say, I was getting a great blowjob. I reached out and tugged at her uniform top. I said, "Can I play with your breasts?"
She said yes in a "Mmmm Hmmm" then lifted her body a little so I could get to the Velcro to pull it open. It came open and she shrugged the jacket part off, then pulled her t-shirt off, too, freeing her medium-sized but very, very pert breasts. Her nipples were hard and pointy. I closed my eyes, relaxing into the moment, squeezing her breasts gently but firmly.
At one point I must have brushed past her nipple too many times because she whimpered and closed her eyes, then looked at me and kind of shook her head no, questioningly? I nodded and leaned back, enjoying the feelings.
Next to me, Mrs. Gloster's slurping got faster and the guy's moaning got faster, too, and then he cried out with sounds like, "Ahhh!! AhAAAAahhaahhh!!..." as he came. Since Evaline had moved a little, I could see Mrs. Gloster's head keep bobbing, but it froze a moment as he shoved his hips off the ground. She held him firm, swallowing visibly and still jacking the base of his cock.
Evaline glanced over, too, and saw her, and I could see the wheels turning in her head. She pulled off and asked me, kind of breathing hard, "Is it... more sexy if I... swallow, or do you want to shoot onto...?"
I interrupted that thought and said, "Oh, definitely swallow! Definitely!"
She shrugged a little and went back to it, the traces of a smile on her face.
I was getting closer, and soon I, too, came, thrusting upwards from the floor with my hips. Evaline took me in, sucking and swirling around the head of my cock as I came. I'd never had a blowjob, and this was amazing. MY vision went a little wonky, tunnel-vision and kind of static-filled there for a bit, and then it was just involuntary jerky contractions.
I slowed down, but just as I did, I heard Kayla's work bearing fruit, too, and her moans interrupted by obvious gulping sounds.
Relaxing a moment, I looked over at Mrs. Gloster. She was smiling. She'd moved up alongside Jaak and was holding him from the side. He was smiling, of course. Glancing down, I could see his penis was about half-deflated. I had to relax, too, for a moment.
The cold floor was a little chilling, but ... I looked up and noticed that Evaline was looking at my cock. She turned to me and said, "I swallowed a HUGE load. That was SOOOO much bigger than the amount my boyfriend made... Is that, like, normal for you?"
"No, ever since this, I've been, like, way more, definitely a lot more than normal. It freaked me out a little, actually, it's more like 3 times as much as normal, probably more than that."
She nodded, "Oh. Okay.... You should probably tell Chohun."
Moving up my body, she bent down to kiss me on the cheek. I was going to let her, but then I moved my head and kissed her on the lips, reaching up and holding the side of her face oh-so-gently. She moaned a little into my mouth as our tongues danced. I could taste a little ... salty... maybe slimy a little, but not bad... OH. Wow. I was tasting myself...
That freaked me out a little. Did that make me gay? I thought about it. No, it didn't, I decided, it's my cum, it's not some other person's. And, if she swallowed it, who was I to say it was yucky, even if the idea did make me a little uncomfortable.
The kiss broke, and I looked down. I was hard again.
She turned her head and looked, too.
I said, "Uh, this doesn't usually happen... But, it's been a long time today, usually I've come 3 times by now. Sometimes I stroke twice in a row and I can still come pretty easily."
Clearly not expecting that, she sighed, then said, with a determined air, "Well, I guess, more work to be done. Not like we have anything else to do." She grasped me again, licking off a drop of post-cum, then starting to jack me off again and suck.
My head lay back and I enjoyed the action. After a minute or two, I remembered I had the option of fondling boobs, so I went back to that, absent-mindedly, like I had been, and just enjoyed the Wondrous feelings of being sucked.
Not more than another 3 or 4 minutes later, I came again, grunting strongly and throwing myself around.
As before, Evaline held onto me, harrumphing as she struggled to hold onto me and keep her lips planted on my cock as I was jerking around.
Gradually, I slowed and stopped, then relaxed fully with the warm wonderful all washing over me.
Looking over, I saw both Mrs. Gloster and Kayla had traded guys and were now working on their new tasks with fervor.
My penis had calmed down by this point, shrinking back to normal flaccid size. It wasn't purple anymore, it was back to a nice skin-tone color. The ache in my lower abdomen / balls was gone, too.
Evaline lay down by my side, my arm as her pillow, her shoulder into my armpit.
I said, "This is nice."
She laughed and said, "Of course you think that."
"What?!?!"
"The floor is pretty cold, I'm horny as hell, and I can't do a damn thing about it."
I laughed, "Oh, that! ... I would have ordered the king-sized bed in the honeymoon suite, but we'd have to bring our own bath towels and I just don't have a single one to spare."
She laughed back at me and snuggled in.
I said, "I would like to pull up my pants, though. My butt is numb from the cold floor."
She moved and sat up, then said, "Lift your hips." Pulling up my underwear and then pants, she had just started fastening when the PA system came on again.
It was the lady doctor.
"Attention. This is Doctor Kahn again. We have received many, many reports of additional symptoms, though we don't know how they relate yet. The symptoms are as follows: priapism and aching in the male genital region. "
"Priapism, by the way, is the condition of a male having an erection for an extended period of time. This can cause problems with the blood pooling and damaging the penis if it continues for more than about 4 hours. There are several known cures for this, but in terms of those not requiring medical equipment, there are two."
"First, bathe the penis and testicles in increasingly cold water. The autonomic system should respond. However, sometimes the second option is required, which is an ejaculatory orgasm. I realize this is VERY uncomfortable to talk about. However, we have already seen a situation where a person has died and the autopsy revealed damage to the prostate consistent with extended priapism and an extreme buildup of sperm in the testes and seminal fluid in the prostate."
"I understand I am speaking in the presence of persons of all ages, including very young ages. I do not relish doing this, but I must agree that it is prudent at this time to ensure all males currently suffering from priapism are allowed or assisted, given a HAND, at least, in addressing their ISSUEs."
"As a physician I recommend, just like with a variety of machinery operating in VACUUM environments, do not use petroleum or oil-based lubricants, only use water-based ones. On a side note, on one HAND, I'm hungry, and on the other, I really SALIVATED over lunch ideas."
"Know that regarding lunch or dinner, the Provost and I are working on getting this lockdown FIGURE'd out and OPENED UP WIDE. We want you to know, to SEE the problem LAID BARE and resolved, so you can SWALLOW the sustenance you need. COME to think of it, so as not to be too messy eating, you could also sit DOWN and TAKE IN your lunch. Or whatever POSITION you like to EAT IN, or what kind of thing you might SIT ON, or even LIE DOWN ON while doing so."
"That is all. We'll have more for you in a couple of hours, hopefully sooner. Dr. Kahn, out."
All of us were chuckling if not laughing at her trying not to say what she was really saying. She was trying to get around the questions of what to do about the problems, and I respected her for that. What she'd said? To a 5 year old it would seem entirely reasonable and innocent. But, she'd as much as told the women to give handjobs, blowjobs, or have sex, in whatever position they wanted, and that would help the men not die from prostate damage.
== Chapter: Classroom Respite ==
Evaline and I just lay there for a while as the blowjobs continued, snuggling despite the floor being cold. Eventually, she got cold (being without anything on top), so we stood up.
As we did, we saw that most everyone was actually facing towards us, technically sitting sideways and looking backwards but really they were just staring at the activity.
Evaline was topless, her t-shirt and suit-top cast aside. I delighted in watching her boobs bounce and reshape themselves as she bent over to get her stuff, and complimented her on how beautiful she was when she bent over. She laughed at me but still got dressed, then gave me a big hug.
We walked over to our classmates and sat down. Technically, there were textbooks to look at, but it was more entertaining to watch the blowjobs.
Finally, the last guy came and they joined us again.
After he did, Chohun decided to distract us with something, so we played some charades and memorization games so we could remember everyone's names -- first, middle, and last. The girls seemed to get it faster, for some reason. I'd never really worried about it too much since I remembered everything I read as part of the eidetic treatment. I wasn't supposed to talk about that, my parents said, but I knew some other kids had gotten it, too. We always did well on tests, so that was a giveaway, too.
We were going to switch over to a get-to-know-you game, but we were interrupted.
One of the girls, Davida, spoke up. She said she was a senior, going for a B.S. in nursing, and she wondered if she could do a complete physical on each of us. It would have a side benefit of helping the cause, but it would also be interesting.
Chohan agreed, but only if Davida explained what she was doing so we all could learn the steps, as an educational thing, and we might need that since this was a medical GA.
We picked random numbers for who would go first, and it was one of the guys, Leon. She had him disrobe to his underwear, then did all the normal things, minus a stethyscope she just put her head to his chest and tried to see if he had any arrhythmias or murmurs (he didn't), felt his lymph nodes all over his body to see if any were inflamed (they weren't) and had him do all sorts of stretching exercises to determine his range of motion (normal).
He was doing his best to stand there impassively, but Davida wanted to determine if both his testicles responded to pressure the same way. They did. As she felt them, though, he got a hard-on again, and she noted that fact, as well as the fact that it was actually easier because she didn't have to work as hard to examine the foreskin that way.
When she asked him if he'd noted any changes recently, he said that he was certain they were bigger and heavier-feeling than normal, but that there was no way to measure that.
When that was over, she had him spread his legs and touch his toes. He had quite the hairy butthole. I didn't really want to watch, but there wasn't much else to do, and if she found something we all needed to know what it was.
Davida stopped the exam and had him stand up, facing her. Looking in his eyes, she said, "I have to do... I think it would be a good idea, to do a ... prostate exam."
"Huh? Wait, what the fuck?" Leon's surprise was odd compared to what he'd just gone through, but as I thought about it, I realized I would probably react the same way.
"You are having problems with priapism. That's controlled by the prostate. You're having a huge need to ejaculate. That's controlled through the prostate. Your testicles do seem much larger than ... than I remember testicles being. Those are directly, and primarily, attached to the prostate. We need to examine your prostate."
I think Leon knew just as well as I did what that kind of exam meant -- a finger up the butt. He looked at her. She waited. He was obviously working up the nerve. I wasn't sure what he was going to say, so I stood up and said, "Excuse me?"
Davida turned around, but I was looking at Leon. "Hey. Uh... I ... I want to know if there's something wrong with me? And, she needs points of comparison. So, I think it should be something that we all decide, as guys, together, that ... we should do. That way, it's not just up to Leon to say yes or no."
Leon looked over at some of the other guys, and I did also. Jaak pursed his lips in disgust and rolled his eyes, but then said, "Uh... I think I have to agree. It's important. We've gotta know."
Davida turned back to Leon and said, "I'm not even sure how to do it, frankly..." She was sounding very nervous. "I'm not a nurse yet, I've just qualified as a field medic. Tell you what, guys, men, whatever... Let's leave that to the end. I'm going to have to wash my hands a lot, then, and everyone's going to have to use the spot as best they can, if you know what I mean."
One of the girls asked what was being skipped until later, kind of cluelessly, so another girl told her and her eyes got big, but she nodded.
Davida told him to lie on his back, then, for the non-prostate rest of the exam, and tried pressing on his abdomen to try to feel his internal organs. The trouble was, Leon was hugely ticklish and kept bursting out laughing.
Eventually, she gave up and she moved on to the next person, Kate. Kate stripped off as we all watched, carefully folding clothes, though I don't think she normally did, or any of us did, like that.
She was medium height and thin, not very muscular, with smaller breasts and wild looking hair that she usually kept tied back but was out and over her shoulders for some reason. I realized it was long enough to almost cover her breasts, and she did move it in front of her, but it didn't quite reach her nipples.
Meanwhile, Leon was getting dressed again, not having a worry for a while, and sat down, while Kate got undressed, again making a very neat pile on the chair where she'd been sitting. We'd already all been naked, but it was another thing when you were the only person in a room who was naked, and it was kind of cool in the room, maybe near 20, a little cooler than normal room temperature but still fine.
As Kate had removed her bra, the coolness made her nipples and areolas pucker, changing shape over the course of just a few seconds. It was interesting to watch, for sure. I wondered if mine did that, too. They were a lot smaller, but they might; I hadn't watched them much, though. It was an intellectual curiosity entirely parallel to the utter sexiness of the scene in front of me.
Moving to the center of the room, Kate stood facing forward and waited. Davida started again, going through the same process she'd done with Leon, noting every single little thing on her skin, her muscle tone, looked through her hair, etc. When she got to Kate's breasts, she used two fingers and made small, slow circles, pressing into the breast tissue, working entirely around. The girls were watching this like it was boring, but my interest was piqued.
I realized my boner had returned. Ug. It had been an hour at most. I wasn't going to miss this, though, for sure.
After she finished probing Kate's breasts, she grabbed them near the areolas, from the front, with all her fingertips and thumb but not her palm, then lifting up until it wouldn't go higher, she dropped it. The breast was pretty firm, bounced a little, and stayed still. Davida noted "Bounce firmness, about 8 out of 10, negligible prolapse... side-breast Lymph nodes normal...." On through she went, including looking closely at her tongue, for oral cancer, she said.
Finishing with that, she again stood in front of Kate, and said, "I'd like to try a pelvic exam, but I have limited tools for that. I understand if that makes you uncomfortable..."
Kate cleared her throat. The pressure was on her, like it had been on Leon, to say yes, to at least match the guy's ability to handle the oddball. She asked, "Can we... do it so everyone doesn't have to watch?"
Davida replied calmly, "I think that is a reasonable request. But, I should remind you that Leon already agreed that we women could watch his prostate exam. If you're going to say no, then, that's fine, but we should have some fairness. That's number one. Number two, we want to have everyone's eyes on things if there is something unusual I may miss. Three, we are super, super prudes here, and keep ourselves very hidden. I only got here 3 years ago, so I'm not quite used to it yet, and it seems like you guys are ... well, stuck up, a little..."
She paused, then continued, "And... I've taken some of the advanced human sexuality curriculum, and I can tell you the beginning courses don't cover NEARLY enough of the hardware aspects of things... versus, the psych stuff."
The question of the pelvic exam was hanging in the room.
They just stood there, thinking. Kate was calm, but I could tell she didn't like being naked and waiting.
Mrs. Gloster stood up, so both of them turned to her, but all she did was stand, arms half-raised like she was stopping everything, but... nothing, just standing.
Her head was bowed, sort of sideways, thinking, and as she looked up, we could see she was biting her lower lip, like she was considering something chancy.
The class was quiet. We just waited on her. At least a full minute later, and that was a long time for Kate to be standing there, she put her hands down and looked around at us. "There is merit here, in these arguments. The trouble is, that merit cannot push the will of the majority on a few who would object. We have principles that guarantee religious freedom, and some of that religious expression is tied up in a sense of personal space and very individual senses of proper shame."
She cleared her throat, and held her hands in front of her, clasped, like she was trying to put something delicately. "As a professor here, I have an authority. I represent the institution. Technically, I've been superseded by Chohun since she's our SAG Leader. Davida is the closest we have to medical personnel, and I've been pretty impressed with what she's done so far, it's a testimony to the emergency-medic training curriculum."
"You students have a responsibility to study and understand biological systems. Human Sexuality, 2 semesters, is required, in addition to the high school health class work you did. You probably know a lot in book learning. But, you are missing real-life experience, and you will have to cope with that as you grow older and... more experienced. "
"Despite the current emergency, baring oneself in the way a pelvic exam does, it's got to be a unanimous thing for everyone in the classroom. EVERYONE must agree that we're going to do this. If anyone doesn't agree, that can kill the idea for everyone. The reason for this, as an older person I've seen it, is that lawsuits start when people are put in positions where they can claim later they were coerced. I have to, WE ALL, have to, ensure that we're onboard with this."
"Okay, now for the considerations involved, logically."
No one said anything. Kate continued to stand there. I think she was growing less self-conscious since the idea that things would escalate a little had taken her mere nakedness at the moment to being a more normalized thing.
Mrs. Gloster continued, "Women, we can ask them, but I believe these men have at most a cursory understanding of women's bodies. They really don't know how your plumbing works. They have an idea, a set of guesses, but probably they're confused about the whole thing and it's a lot of pressure to be under in a tender moment to try to remember what is important and what isn't. Really, practically, they don't understand the nerve clusters, where they're connected, and the different kinds of pleasure or sensation associated with each."
"They don't understand what happens during the female sexual response cycle, either, as demonstrated by a constant set of complaining I overhear about how unsatisfying your dates are."
Some of the girls were nodding in agreement, but others were more guarded.
"I'd like to suggest that while this is an emergency situation, that it can serve a useful purpose if everyone learns something. I should note that I'm a qualified instructor on many subjects, and I've given birth 3 times. I know what's going on with 'the plumbing' and the way nerves are connected. I propose we have a set of secret ballots. The ballot will be, YES for open exams including both pelvic and prostate exams, and NO for private exams. Please remember that finding and noticing things might be important, even lifesaving to ourselves and others, in our current biohazard lockdown."
"Okay. Everyone close your eyes, and cover your eyes with your left hand.... Good. Now, hold up your other arm all the way. If you are a YES for open exams, give a thumbs-up. If you're a no, just keep a fist. I'll allow a whole minute for people to change their minds."
There was a minute-long silence. I didn't peek, but I was in favor of open exams.
She said, "Hands down."
We looked at her. She said, "The vote was actually unanimous. The answer is, Yes."
Everyone smiled, more or less. I think the girls were quite nervous, but they wanted to know if there were any other symptoms, I think.
Mrs. Gloster stood up and said, "Right. Davida, please continue, but I recommend we postpone the pelvic and prostate until the end."
Davida said, "That means, Kate, you can sit down. Next is... William."
We went through the whole class that way, taking special notes and sending in our reports after Davida had dealt with each person.
Finally, we were at the end, after Mrs. Gloster even, and we knew what was coming.
Mrs. Gloster was still getting dressed. She said, "Okay. I want everyone to stand, go to a board on the wall, and draw a diagram, sort of a cutaway view, of what you'd see if you were looking between the wide-open legs and up the body of a female human. Label parts. You've had to do this before your college freshman year, so it should be easy."
We did, with varying degrees of artistry. She corrected some people who had slight errors.
"Now, erase what you need to, and just draw in the erectile tissues of the vaginal and clitoral structures, labeling the nerves as well."
I struggled. I remembered really only the start of it, and that it went on either side of the vulva.
Almost everyone was struggling. We'd never had to map out much of it. I knew the vulval lips inflated, but not much more than that.
She sat us down and drew 'the octopus', as she called it, actually a 5-legged shape that was the clitoral structure, of course having a head with a hood, but that was part of a larger structure that went down on either side of the vulva, in 3-D went down along either side of the length of the vagina, and when up on either side of the clitoral hood but also inside farther. She named the sections, but she said that didn't matter, just that we knew how it worked.
The vaginal inflation, we'd never talked much about, pushed the cervix up and out of the way as it grew longer to accommodate entry. Afterwards, as it subsided, she pointed out how the cervix dipped down into a pool-like area, almost like it was a system designed to suck up semen where it was sprayed, and collected, on the back walls. This part was very, very cool.
The pretty dry instruction we'd had from our previous class just made us memorize things and didn't really get into this. We'd had a huge unit on how to deliver babies if we were stranded without medical care, but very little on what to do with them once they arrived except keep their head supported, keep them warm, and plant them on a boob.
Mrs. Gloster went on for an hour, by which time I was really needing relief again, and the others were, too. We took a break, and all of us got two ejaculations each.
She continued after the break for a few hours, which was a good time-user since we had to stay locked in anyway.
There were exams she could give us at the end which would get us a certification level in a course she spontaneously enrolled us in. We had these certification courses all the time, so this wasn't unusual, a side-jaunt on a thing a prof wanted us to know about for sure. The test covered what we'd talked about, but we did get some wrong.
Mrs. Gloster made us re-do the exams until everyone got 100 percent.
I should mention that by this time, it had been almost 3 hours since we'd had our last interlude, so I raised my hand and we had to go off again. There was some debate among the girls as to who would go, now that they knew more, but Mrs. Gloster said it was up to the guys to decide, but they'd better be fair or they might not be making friends.
This was code for, use the same people or you'll have to go completely round-robin, which is harder to organize.
As we started over to the other side of the room, Mrs. Gloster paused Evaline and I and asked, "Red? If you're comfortable with it, I think that some of the other girls might like to see the process. If that's okay."
I thought about it. "Uh, Okay, I guess. If it gets to be too, like, embarrassing? I may ask for some privacy, but until then, sure, let's try it."
Evaline and I walked back to the front area and pulled a table out from the wall. I climbed on it and lay down flat.
The table was definitely warmer than the floor!
Evaline unhooked my jacket from my pants, pulled them down, and then lowered my underwear so she could get access. The part where she lifted the waistband carefully went more gracefully than the previous time, to avoid snagging Mr. Happy in the process.
I'm kidding, really. I didn't have a name for my penis, though I vaguely remember a story where a guy had mentioned that he'd named his, once, as part of a joke or something. It seemed silly.
Evaline took me in hand and then bent down, going right at it. I thought she might kiss me first, but she didn't.
Her technique improved over the next minute or so until it was as good as it was at the end, before. The other girls had gathered around us, and were whispering this or that. I couldn't tell much, but every once in a while I heard something that made me think it was commentary on her technique, not on me.
Enjoying it, I knew I'd get more into it if I could see and hold some boobs, so I asked, "Can ... I see boobs, maybe? It would... help? Oh, yes..."
I thought I was talking with Evaline, but instead, Davida herself took off her top and freed her breasts to dangle near my head where I could see them.
Boobs!
I reached up and touched them, grasping and fondling but being careful not to give too much nipple stimulation. Evaline had said too much of that was bad, and even while being fellated I was capable of following simple directions.
Davida's boobs were bigger and softer, rounder, and hung down a little more but that made them fun to play with in a different way. Plus, she wasn't occupied with blowing me, bobbing up and down like Evaline had been. I looked up at her eyes, and she was smiling, sticking out her chest for me.
Just enjoying the process, I lay back and soon, maybe 5 minutes into it total, I was coming again, groan-yelling and flopping around spasmodically while I desperately tried to not grab her head. I made do by pressing down on her shoulder, hugging her at such an odd angle that it took a lot of strength but with little leverage, was certainly easily resisted. There's something about pushing against something while coming that makes it better.
My eyes were mostly closed during my spurting, but I did catch a couple of glimpses of wide eyes and approval-nodding from the people around, like she was doing a good thing.
She kept sucking me even after I came, for about a minute, then pulled off of me and just rested her hands on my abdomen and thigh. Her face was quite happy and self-satisfied, like she'd done a very good thing. As far as I was concerned, that was accurate.
I said, "Thank you, soooo much! I feel so much better..." As this was true, there was no prevarication. I would have felt better during the orgasm anyway, but the pressure in my abdomen and testicles had subsided and was merely present and not dominant.
One of the guys, Justin, was down the list a little and had watched, but he leaned over his desk to sleep. I understood that, for sure.
Theresa, I saw, was walking up to him. So, maybe she'd help out, I thought.
I turned back to Davida and smiled up at her and said, "Thank you so much, too, Davida, your..."
Theresa screamed. We turned around. Justin had fallen off his chair and was lying on the floor, eyes barely open, skin ashen-white. Davida didn't bother buttoning up, she just ran over and quickly felt for a pulse. She found one, mumbling, "beat...beat...beat..." rapidly, so it was maybe 120-ish. Purposefully, she said, "Quick, get his legs elevated..."
Davida worked with him for a while, dripping water in his mouth one drop at a time. He'd peed his pants, too, but no one seemed to care about that.
Maybe a half-hour after this, the PA came on again for one of their quick about-hourly announcements. This one was different. It said, "Attention. Please check any electronic device for an emergency message."
We all went to get our pads. The message was simple. I guessed it was written to avoid worrying little kids.
"Attention. We have identified the pathogen. It appears to be a weaponized version of a pleasure virus developed about 10 years ago in Kazakhstan. This is a previously unknown variant. It is deadly. Statistics will follow when we know more. It appears highly contagious since nearly everyone tested is showing as infected. Since quarantine cannot work, we are releasing you from General Alarm. You should return to your residences for the time being.
All flights on and off this colony are hereby canceled for obvious reasons.
Disease info: ALL 150 fatalities so far (except one) have been male. All those who have died were believed to have suffered from priapism for extended time periods, though some reportedly had been achieving orgasm and reducing either their pain levels or risk factors, or both. This means ejaculation is not a guaranteed preventative of death, but it does seem to significantly help in preventing pain and reducing dangerous inflammation.
Autopsies have revealed the cause of death to be abnormal activity in the spleen, prostate, and testes, though in one case meningitis followed.
This disease has been named per international standards: Pandemic-class, Fatal, Synthetic Hyperkinetic Androsalient Gonadorenal Virus, Gram Negative, variant 83. PF-SHAG-83. For short, we will call it: SHAG.
ORDERS DIRECT FROM THE PROVOST:
1. All males of any age found to have testicular or lower abdominal pain should be provided one of the following medical options, as often as requested:
a. immersion in cold water baths,
b. self-stimulation to ejaculation, or
c. assisted stimulation to ejaculation.
2. Great care should be taken to avoid any scratches, abrasions, or chafing on the penis, since these may prevent repeat treatments and thus possibly cause death.
3. Moderate amounts of water, perhaps 6 oz per hour, should ensure urination is neither too frequent nor absent. Urine passes through the prostate, and the priapism or general swelling may affect this.
4. Medical personnel or even civilians can catheterize if a burst bladder seems imminent, but this is counter-recommended since it bruises tissues needed for ejaculation.
5. Civilian personnel shall submit to conscription by uniformed medical personnel per Pandemic Protocols. This can include transport, disposal of the deceased, symptom relief, or any other duty so assigned.
6. All customs, laws, and conventions regarding public nudity or performing sexual acts in public are hereby rescinded. Age appropriate explanations should be given in as scientific terms as possible.
7. Notify via casualty report mechanisms of any extreme cases of sickness, or of deaths when they occur.
8. Since everyone has been exposed already, precautions like burning or disinfecting a deceased person's belongings are unnecessary.
9. All persons should return to their homes where possible, but all males should be attended by anyone available to provide life-saving measures.
That is all. Unlock your doors, secure from General Alarm Status, and ensure that everyone around you is aware of this set of directives, taking time to explain things in an age-appropriate manner."
Since it took us a few minutes to read through this, I read it again while some were still finishing up the first time. I wanted to ensure I got all the details correct.
Davida walked to the center of the room and said, "Right. We have some problems. First, if we send these men back to their rooms and they don't have sufficient lubrication there, they are -- by my reading -- at much higher risk of dying. We don't want that, right?
The girls all shook their heads, and we guys certainly did.
"I would propose that us women here volunteer to assist a specific man, or men, and keep them alive. We know what that means. If this is difficult for you, don't volunteer. If it isn't difficult, fine. I would also like to suggest something else, and it may catch some of you off guard. The oral sex... blowjob, solution is NOT, I repeat, NOT going to work long term. Long term, in this case, is longer than a day. Your jaw will certainly ache, and if so, damage by teeth is more likely. If that happens, again, it places these men at risk of death."
The girls looked at each other. One said, "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"
Davida said, "If you are not on birth control, you can visit a med clinic and we can inject a subcutaneous one quickly and easily. They are small, I know our stock is really huge. On a practical level, I believe most of you already..."
"Of course I am, we all are. That's not the point. Some of us..." The girl's face tensed up like she was nervous.
Davida realized what was being implied, the dawning appearing in her face. "...Aaaaahhhhh, I see. Some of you are virgins."
"Yeah."
"Okay. So, hints. Some women like being on top, if they are brave. If not, bottom works, too. Use Lube if you have it, or warm yourself up, or use lots of spit - from yourself or others."
There was murmuring. There were lesbian implications in that, for sure!
"Once burst through, pause and catch your breath. Continue slowly."
She nodded.
"You can fellate first so he's not in as long, but do it Carefully! Ejaculate is a great lube for next time. If you're sore, and you might be after the first time, go slowly the next time, or take a rest by doing a 'tit-job' -- If you have enough breast size, he can push up between your breasts... again, with lots of spit."
She was thinking, "Oh, one more thing -- if you use lube, use it sparingly since we'll probably run out in the next day or two, colony-wide. Short of that, a man's spit... or, a woman's spit... can provide lubrication to a vagina that will prevent problems. Uh... I don't know any other advice..."
Mrs. Gloster stepped in, very practical in tone. "Brush your teeth and shower regularly, but don't scrub yourself, it hurts more than it helps. Ask an older woman for any advice you need, I'm here if you need me. Now, let's decide who's doing what and get secured from GA lockdown."
The girls, mostly, stepped-to and got moving with it. I wasn't feeling great, still, and I could see that none of the other guys were, either, since we kind of stayed seated. I watched as they ran the checklist, unbolting the door, verifying the water valves were fully open, unsealing HVAC, putting the fire and patch kits back in their bins, all the normal stuff.
The girls huddled by the door and were debating for quite a while, when they got done, they obviously knew exactly what they were doing and came over to us. Evaline and Cora came to me and helped me up, though I didn't need helping that much. I could tell that Evaline was feeling a little possessive by this point, but Cora had been looking at me a lot while I was on the table, so I suspected she liked me, too.
We walked together back to my room.
As we opened the door, we saw one of my roommates, Anyusolfani, on his side on the couch, curled up hugging his knees.
Anyusolfani was dead.
His eyes were fully open, his mouth had some vomit around it, and his skin was pasty white. There was no doubting this, I thought, but Cora went over quickly and took his pulse, or, the lack of it.
As she moved, I took more notice of what Cora looked like. I'd seen most of her already, during the exams, but watching her move, I could see she was all-business when it came to handling emergencies.
She had medium-length dark hair, pretty eyes and a pretty but very girl-next-door face. She stood about the same height as Evaline, maybe half a face shorter than me. Both were athletically-built, not over-thin or over-thick, somewhere in the 19-year-old beauty realm of just right, as far as my tastes were concerned.
I wondered what really being overweight was like, on a practical basis... I'd seen pictures from the late 1900's and early 2000's when being very large was still a public health crisis, before endocrine-modulation fixed all that.
I looked at Evaline and asked, "Evaline?"
"Please call me Ev?!? You've called me by my full name since we met, and I've told you before to call me Ev."
"Uh... when? I don't remember that part."
"I'm sure I did."
"Oh. I could have missed it... but I don't think so. Okay, Ev, I'll ... try. Uh, I had a question."
She was moving me over to my pod, but I stopped her.
"I can't go in yet, I really need a shower, I want to do that first." I was holding on to her shoulder, but it wasn't that bad to walk on my own. "I can get this. I need to... use the loo, also."
"Ha!" she laughed, "The 'loo'? "
I grinned, kind of grimly, as I pulled off clothing heading for the shower room. "...Just being funny. If you want one, there's two in there, or you can wait."
"I'm going to help Cora with the body."
"His name is... was, Anyusolfani. Last name is... I don't remember, sorry. Something long and Pakistani."
My shower was unremarkable. I did notice my testicles were much larger than normal, maybe having doubled in size. That's still reasonable, I guessed, not like I'm carting around bowling balls. Still, different can feel bad. I wondered if they'd ever go back down to normal. Plus, they felt a little achy so I knew I'd have to empty them again soon.
That brought my mind to making things simpler for my female ... 'compatriots'?
I didn't know what I should call them, but that wasn't critical.
My focus, instead, was part of the 'make things simpler' and I figured giving myself a bush-cut might help keep me clean or something. I kept my head hair pretty short using a clipper by the sink, so I neaten up on top, then did my down-below to not be too Sasquatch for them.
Unfortunately, this left me covered in hair clippings, so I jumped into the shower again a second time. This time, I made the water significantly cooler (if not actually cold), but my boner was still jutting out, unremittingly out there and pointed mostly skyward. Mine curved a little upwards near the end. It wasn't profound, just a little off-straight, but I was self-conscious about it.
I stood looking carefully at myself in profile for a moment and wondered if anyone in the classroom noticed... Probably so. They had long enough to look at it, certainly.
I ran the shower dryer a second time, and Cora poked her head in to see what was up, briefly, made eye contact and smiled, then went away again.
The dryer was pretty quiet, like most everything around this place, but in all other respects was a minimal unit that was only knees-to-shoulders and ours blew really-cold air and not the higher-volume lower-heat ones.
Towels were unnecessary if you had a dryer. The one I'd had growing up was better - bigger, quieter, certainly warmer, but you take what you can get. It got me thinking... I owned a towel, somewhere in my clothes locker. I might want to get it out to sit on it, since I'd probably be sitting around naked a lot.
Evaline -- or Ev, really now -- stepped in the bathroom just as I was finished, and started stripping. She walked towards the toilets purposefully, so I headed out to the main room. There were some things I didn't need to see.
There were two couches. My dead roommate was on one, so I went to the other, but it was facing Anyu and that made it a little awkward. I was naked and sporting a huge boner, as I had been for a while. The surreal oddball situations I got in now were probably going to continue, I thought, but that didn't make them less oddball when they happened.
Cora finished up typing on her pad and put it away. She walked up to near me and leaned on a wall. "I sent in a casualty report for him. The auto-response said that if we have a deceased person, we should cover them with a sheet if we want, or we can go to an Q7-level aid station for a body bag."
Just then, my two other roommates, Tipu and Peter, walked in! I was naked, and more people made me panic a minute. Behind them there were two women I'd seen vaguely before but not frequently.
Tipu said, "Oh! Hey!" His eyes went to the other couch and he realized what had happened. "Oohhhh!!!! Omygod! Anyu!!!!" He went over and knelt in front of Anyu. I remembered then they had been friends. He started crying, "No! No....No!"
One of the girls (Pam, she told me later), went over and knelt next to him, consoling him.
Peter and Pauline, somber, both of them, talked with Cora a minute and then decided to go get a body bag. That only took a minute -- someone had a stack of them outside, the halls were furiously busy -- and they set to work putting Anyu in it. It didn't take long, they just opened the bag and laid him on it, then zipped it up. Peter, Pam, and Pauline each took a handle and they waddled out carrying the heavy weight of the body bag between them.
The narrow corridor was full of people, and we saw other people carrying body bags, too.
Cora was left with me and Tipu.
He went to his locker and started stripping. He told Cora and I, "I need a shower. Sorry about getting naked in front of you, I... guess things are different now. Who's in there?"
The water had just turned off, so before I could answer, Evaline called out, "Just me. I'm Evaline, people call me Ev."
Tipu hesitated, getting closer to the door, naked, of course.
Ev said, "I see you, it's okay. I'm with Red. Come on in, no modesty left in this place."
Tipu walked in, modest and kind of embarrassed, and I heard the shower start, and the blower start about the same time.
Ev said, "OW! Yuck! Your blower is Just All Wrong! Who set this thing up?!??!"
I said, "What do you mean?"
"Nevermind...." She came out, holding her clothes in front of her and rhetorically asked, "What do I dress in?". Setting down her clothes right by the bathroom on the floor, and sauntered over with a wiggle. She was deliciously naked, and now lacked any sign of pubic hair. I could see Cora noticing, too, but she was busy typing on her tablet.
She came get to me and bent over from the waist, giving me a kiss. Her breasts dangled wonderfully. If I hadn't been hard already, that would have done it. She said, almost sultry, "Mmmm. I don't think I'll be getting dressed. You need service."
"That's one way to put it."
She knelt between my feet, running her hands up my thighs, and then got a really distracted and irritated look on her face. She turned around to Cora and said, "Hey, Cora?"
"Yeah?"
"Uh, this is kind of awkward. I need to use the toilet, still? And, I want to help out Red here, but... "
"Oh, no problem. I got this. You okay with ...?"
"Absolutely! My jaw isn't going to feel good tomorrow anyway, better to spread the 'load' around a little." The wink was implied.
Cora stepped over (nothing in the room was far from anything else), and they traded places. Evaline headed for the bathroom again, and Cora looked up at me, then took my cock in one hand. Very matter-of-factly, looking me in the eye and smiling slightly, she asked, "Anything I should know about?"
I laughed, "I've been coming with a lot more volume... lots of semen. And I really like it when she swallowed..."
"Oh, of course. It's in my mouth anyway, I might as well."
Cora bent down and started bobbing her head on my cock, slow and steady, and jacking at the same time. It was really nice. I leaned my head back on the back of the couch and just felt the sensations. Her hand stroking felt good not as an exciting thing,, but it gave satisfaction and a 'base' to the feelings that the swishing her tongue and mouth were doing just added to.
The head bobbing continued, and I got a little lost in the goodness. Cora's technique was more refined than Evaline's, almost certainly from having done it more. Cora acted more like she knew what she was doing.
Building up, she got faster and I got closer. I barely noticed Evaline come back (dressed) and kneel next to Cora. She was observing more than anything. I really needed to spurt... And I DID -- SPURT! And I came, Spurt! Groaning loudly, I clutched at anything, and got a hold of the couch seats with both hands. Cora kept her mouth over the head of my cock, sucking steadily on my engorged head and just trying to keep herself positioned there, I could tell. I tried to be easy on her that way, but it was hard to stop the involuntary jerks that my body just created. Up from my balls and out my dick, I could feel the cum spurting out. I compared mentally how much was coming out, and it was definitely more than normal. There were sizeable spurts amounts even on what may have been the 8th or more spurt. Cora calmly continued to jack me, and it worked, ensuring I just kept spurting as long as possible.
I looked down and she was looking at my eyes, too, affirming, caring that I was doing better. Her affirmative uh-huh/yes moans had really helped me along, so I said so, and she just smiled since her mouth was still full of me.
Eventually, she let go and sat back, releasing my cock and letting it kind of bounce down onto my stomach, and then, flopping, down farther so it hung down between my legs. She told Evaline that she had to unclamp her mouth, because one time she hadn't with her old boyfriend and he just stayed hard and wanted to do 'something else'. She said that phrase oddly, and I could see there was unspoken communication between them.
They laughed, but I realized it was a laugh of tension acknowledgement, not a humor-laugh. Women and men were different about laughing, I knew that from psych class, but it was another thing to see it so obviously.
I pulled Cora's hand up and looked her in the eyes and said 'Thank You!' and meant it far more than the words. There was joy in the release, of course, but mostly it was relief from the pressure in my abdomen and balls, the nearly-emotional deep ache of needing to cum, it wasn't easy to describe. I knew that if I didn't do this, I'd be in huge trouble.
Ev and Cora sat and talked about technique for a while. I just leaned back and relaxed; I almost could have slept. Tipu was still in the shower, a long time for anyone. I think I heard crying over the water, but I wouldn't have said anything even if I could have. Mourning someone's death? As a culture, we Cereans didn't show emotion very quickly or extensively. I've seen old Japanese videos, both animated and live-action, and despite not many Cereans being Japanese looking, we certainly did hold back on the emotional content of things in the same way that the Japanese anime and movies reflected them doing.
For instance, if someone expressed a really strong emotion, they might be frowned at, teased, or even taken aside to complain about putting everyone in an awkward situation. The proper way of responding to emotion, even small ones, was to be very polite and give acknowledgement of both the thing driving that emotion as well as forgiveness (or not) of having expressed it visibly.
With Tipu returning soon, I didn't know how (sitting there, naked) I would respond to him emoting about his lost friend, if it was in front of me. I guessed I would cry with him, maybe. I was a little sad about Anyu, too. I didn't know him that well, but we'd lived together for a year despite almost never talking.
Not too many minutes later, the outer door opened and the group came back. They'd taken Anyu's body to where the colony med personnel wanted it, they said. We wanted all the details.
The fact that I was naked on a couch with 4 women there seemed irrelevant. I wasn't sporting a boner anymore, so that was good at least.
They had gone north on the lenvator (a tramcar that stays at the same g-level). North meant that they went towards the surface. Once there, they'd toted the bag axward (upwards, towards the axis and lighter grav) on the wide ramps to the crossing bay, an open area with spiral ramps where you could jump from the spinning section to some moving walkways that shifted your speed without killing you. You ended up, of course, in the microgravity of Ceres proper, not spingrav.
They said the whole journey was crowded with people getting to and from places. While common areas all over were populous and dense, that was usually limited by having areas of the hab running on 1st, 2nd, or 3rd shift. So little space meant everyone needed to use the space they had all the time, so we all had the negotiation process of making different sets of friends, then not seeing some people for extended periods because their family was on a different shift from you so you'd never be awake at the same time.
Shift changes were sometimes crowded, but flex hours meant people naturally did things when the stuff around them was least crowded.
In terms of taking the body bag up, the group had seen tons of other body bags, it seemed like there were thousands, they said. There were large containers of them after they got topside (zog, out of the hab's spingrav and into the more factory-oriented spaces).
There was an operation there, they said, where uniformed military personnel were accepting the body bags but writing whatever name or address was known on the bag first with paint pens. Sadly, no one in the group knew Anyu's full name, so they just wrote the address for our living quarters and that had to be enough.
NOTE: Apologies if my explanations here aren't helping your understanding of Ceres topography, which takes even new residents at least a month to use well. Making fun of newbs was fun in middle school, but it's not fair to you, the reader, since you can't see what I'm describing. For more detail on the layout, find a library reference source.
Long and short of this was, the pandemic was getting worse.
After eating some dinner (we always kept frozen burritos in the freezer even though we ate most of our meals in a cafeteria), we chatted and wondered about what was going to come next. Both of the guys took some minutes on the couch and got blowjobs, Tipu from Pam and Peter from Pauline.
It had been about an hour since I'd come, but then my boner had returned after dinner and certainly after hearing the moaning from Peter and Tipu.
About 20 minutes after the BJ's were done, there was a knock on the door, and then in walked Davida.
We stood, and said hello excitedly, of course. This was despite me only wearing a t-shirt and underwear for warmth. She came in and hugged everyone in the room. This was unusual, too, for us, we weren't normally so touchy-feely, but something about all this situation made us more closely bonded, perhaps.
She asked what was up with us, so Cora summarized.
Davida said calmly, "I'm here as a colony official. My medic status has turned into being certified as a Deputy Coroner, now. I can attest to people actually being dead, I have admitting privileges to clinics, and I can even enforce compliance with Provost orders. Basically, if you don't do what I say, I can vac you." Vac was shorthand for throwing someone out an airlock into the vacuum without a suit. This was a lot of power. She could have any of us killed.
She cleared her throat to explain. "The reason for this is, simply... Some Epic Shit is going down. I'm telling you this because I like you, and I know you. But, seriously, there's some Epically Bad Shit Happening. We're just letting things happen, mostly, because there's not much we can do. We can calm things down where we see panic, but ..." She sighed, and her eyes got big, honesty was coming out. "The morbidity rate is way too high."
We were all paying attention.
"So, I'm gonna tell you, this is life and death stuff, your eyes-up me right now, got it? And..." She winked slowly and meaningfully, "to make sure I don't say the wrong thing, you should pay attention to my body language, okay?"
We nodded.
She read her tablet screen rapidly. "Current research, very hasty but with control groups, indicates all males should ejaculate every 1.5 to 4 hours." She held up two fingers and nodded with emphatic eyes. "Any means necessary should be employed to ensure this happens. As you know, everyone on this base has a monthly autodoc physical, sometimes more frequently for risky professions. The autodocs just detected this virus 3 days ago after a central-core update. We had no warning it would be so contagious, and it's too new to have any antigens or antivirals that work. We've tried all of them." She nodded and swept her hand over her brow like that was work but a failure.
"Now, understand this part: Every single person on this station is utterly free of all known pathogens, including STD's and probably even toenail fungus. Unlike a lot of larger colonies or Earth populations where ingress/egress is not controlled, we can do this, and we do. With a steady and predicable flow of immigrants and established processes, we keep up." She was nodding her head yes to all of this part, which was a great relief.
"Age restrictions are a complicated thing and this is being left up to parents." She shook her head 'no' to this, but then added, "Though, some encouragement is being given to older teenagers to pursue whatever opportunities they have." She was strongly nodding yes to this part. I thought about my one-year-younger sister all of a sudden, and then thought about my dad. I hoped he was okay; my mom would take care of him, I hoped.
She continued, "The mortality rate is still unknown..." She shook her head no to this and held up her hands wider and wider apart, "but is much higher among men than women." She nodded to this part, telling us something we knew already.
"If you are male and need assistance ejaculating, text 'help' to medCentral and someone will be dispatched. It may be someone not attractive to you. This is not relevant. Close your eyes if you need to... Listen CAREFULLY: It is unwise to refuse lifesaving treatment. If you do, then call again, you may not have help be dispatched the second time." She nodded yes to this. "It's your life at stake. Males delaying ejaculation more than a certain number of hours [she held up 5 fingers] have much higher rate of complications." As she said the word complications, she motioned like a knife across the throat. We got that message loud and clear.
"Women wishing to not participate in lifesaving activities for moral, ethical, historical, or any other reason are to report topside immediately..." She again made the cut-throat motion. "...so they can be informed of their options." She held up her hand with a rounded zero.
Straightening up, she said, "That's about it. I have to go, and fast, and now. There's a bunch more people I have to tell this to. If you get action-notice info from your screens contradicting what I've said, feel free to call me." She shook her head no with a grimace to say please don't. "Okay. I've told you everything I know, so, gotta go, folks."
We wished her well, and she left to go somewhere else, quickly.
Evaline said, "How long for everyone?"
We all cited our times. I'd been longest, since I'd been before Tipu and before dinner, even. Evaline nodded, and looked a little grim, but headed over to my cub.
"HOLD on, Ev," Cora called to her. "Back here. Kibbutz for 10. Guys, you're kicked out of the room, total of 10 minutes. We need to talk, this is girl stuff. Stand in the hall if you want, doesn't matter. Come back in 10, though, okay? Or less, if we come out there, you'd better be there. No listening through the door."
Tipu, Peter, and I shrugged and we went shuffled out to the hallway.
Now, I'd never had gone out into a public space wearing underwear and a t-shirt before, except maybe once on a prank in high school, but that didn't count, it was night time. This environment, though? It was so crazy, so oddball weird, nobody even looked at me. And, when I say they didn't look, it wasn't like the normal Ceres-native, "I'm very busy not looking at you" stare that also looks down and away and almost any other place but the place that is attracting attention.
I wasn't being stared at because there were body bags in the corridor. Empty ones in a stack, full ones being carried. My abnormal clothing counted Precisely Zero on that scale, Zilcho, not even registering. It occurred to me that the things that made our colony special, our culture and embrace of very specific formality that described exact customs for doing almost anything? That culture had changed, right in front of my eyes, right there, in the moments I was thinking about it, it was going away.
When tragedies strike, yes, sometimes people do revert to throwing around tons of verbal crap that's irrelevant because they cannot confront the elephant in the room. Sometimes they panic and do stupid things. Sometimes they just do stupid things because they're stupid and it's irrelevant that there's a crisis, that's just the kind of people they are.
I watched the people go by, and wondered, grim-set faces, who would live, who would die? I wondered, which of the men passing by would be alive tomorrow, or the day after, or next week?
Would I be alive then?
The fact that I'm writing this is kind of foreshadowing that I survived at least, but anyway, that's what I was thinking in the hallway.
We didn't talk much, standing there. What was there to say, really? I'd left my tablet inside. I wanted to call my Dad, and see how he was doing, or my mom, to see how she was helping my dad... I didn't know if I wanted to talk with my sister, and thus know what and where she was.
Pauline came out to get us, and we trooped back in, standing just inside the doorway.
Pauline, Cora, Evaline, and Pam stood there in a line, in front of us.
Cora spoke, and her tone was both aggressive and caring, kind of a mothering tone, but with a fair share of nurse-in-charge, too. She said, intensely, "Here's the situation! You may own these cubs, but we own your asses. You live here, but we are in charge of here. You are too important to us to let you do stupid guy shit now. Believe me, we've seen stupid guy shit, and that is so --done --with. So, we're taking over. If you don't like it, fine, but you're depending on us to Literally Save Your Lives, so, get with it, and Comply. Exactly. Fast. We'll do whatever we can to save you, but it has to be on our terms, we're stressed here."
We looked at each other. I was a little freaked, this was more in-your-face than most women I knew, and this display of caring and intensity was out of character for most people.
She asked, "DO you understand us? You don't have to agree right now, but do you understand?"
Tipu, Peter, and I, we nodded yes.
"What was that?"
"Yes."
"Yes, ma'am?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Good. It's now nighttime. 7 pm at least, and you're sick. You may not feel it, but you are. For that matter, so are we. Red, you're first, with Evaline. Do your tooth brushing whatever-thing then get to bed asap. She'll join you. Both of you will lose your virginity tonight. Congratulations. Evaline, I'm right here, I'm the floater. If you are too tired, can't do something, you tell someone, find me. Peter, you're with Pauline. Neither of you are virgins, that's fine. Pam, you're a virgin -- Tipu, are you?"
"No... no, ma'am."
"Good, that's one of you that knows what's going on. Every one of you: Tell your pot [computer in the cub, voice activated, keyed to your voice only] when and how much ejaculation happened, as it happens. Let's keep track. Set alarms for 2 hours after each ejaculation, and plan to repeat that on precise gongs, start 10 minutes early so you can come on time, got it?"
The girls and us guys all said, "Yes, ma'am" at the same time. It was kind of fun.
"Right. You -- Red and Tipu -- I want to hear orgasms from Pam and Evaline FIRST, before you cum in them, if you can. Give it at least 15 minutes. A well-lubricated pussy is a happy pussy, and a happy pussy will keep you alive."
We all nodded.
She said, "Any objections to these rules? No? ... Okay. You sleep in between times. Person on floater position handles any odd things -- food, water glasses, cleanups of spills, anything. Bring towels to bed with you, all of you, or plan on swallowing LOTS of cum, it's going to get messy. GO."
I walked over to the bathroom and sat down to pee, but it didn't work because of my boner (again) so I had to almost bend over to touch my toes to get my penis pointed right and get my urine started.
It's always a little painful to pee through an erection, it's kind of hard to start, and then it just burns a little.
I got out and Tipu needed to go, and a line behind him. We were not used to using the toilet near each other, never mind the fact that the architects of these rooms concluded that privacy was superfluous.
Opening the door to my cub, I saw Evaline was already there, and quite naked, on her stomach on her elbows looking at me.
"Ah-ah!" She shook her finger 'no', "clothes off before you get in here. Simpler that way. Bring them in, but... not on you."
I pulled off my t-shirt and underwear, and shucked off my sandals where I normally kept them by the outside of the door. Footwear is important, mom always said, make sure you have the right kind handy, 'bad footwear can get you killed', she's say. She had a lot of odd phrases. I had to call my dad, I thought, but I'm way overdue and I can call afterwards.
As I crawled in, Ev moved out of the way and rolled on her side, opening her arms to me and then having to wait as I latched the door. We fell together, my hardness pressing up into her stomach, my hands roaming down her soft, muscular back. Down my fingers went, cupping her butt and squeezing it, getting a giggle out of her despite her generally concerned expression.
She was happy to be there, I think, but she was also worried, I could tell. I knew why, really -- probably a combination of deadly serious medical thing and first-time-jitters about the upcoming sex part.
One of the things Mrs. Gloster had said, just... Egads, I thought, not that many hours before, was to "Go totally overboard telling each other what you like and don't like, at least to start with. No one knows without being told, and neither of you is magical."
This feeling was magical, though. I liked Ev, and she liked me, I was pretty sure.
We kissed for a minute or two, then I rolled her over on her back and kissed down her stomach, stopping to nuzzle her breasts but not obsess over them. I didn't have a ton of time, and I could do that part later. I pulled her legs apart more than she was already holding them, and kissed down her inner thigh towards her waiting pussy. Her lips were plenty engorged already, so I kissed inwards on both sides and then licked with the flat of my tongue up her lips from the bottom to the top. I stayed light with my touch, per Mrs. Gloster, then pulled my hand up her thigh and made a V with my fingers, caressing either side, outside of her outer lips.
According to the diagrams, this was where the clitoral body's corpus cavernosa was, inflated as it already was but still filled with nerve endings and sensitive to pressure and surface touch. This went over well. Ev said, "YES, do that for a minute."
I did, not for a minute, but with a rhythm, which she said was also important, and combined that with my flat-tongue up all the way over the top of the clitoral hood almost to the mons, then danced it down again tip-wise. This made her groan and squirm, again, good signs.
Index finger out but knuckle forwards, I ran it up her lips to get it wet with my spit, then brought it down again to dance its way in, my tongue working a slow lapping over her entire upper clit in time with my pressing inside. Watching her face, I could readily see her biting her lips and then crying out, low breathy exhales with furrowed, raised eyebrows.
I was slow, but deliberate, and she responded to this beautifully. Her arm came across her body and cupped her breast, thumb and base of forefinger squeezing then pulling her nipple. Her other arm was under and outside her leg, pulling it up and open farther, wanting more of what I was giving.
She shuddered, then bucked against my tongue, and I knew she wanted it faster. I switched to two fingers in and half bent to stretch, but it was pretty tight in there and I didn't want to scratch her with fingernails so I had to be mostly in-out and not side-side. I moved my hand faster, and switched to the tip of my tongue, and then as she started to really grunt loudly, I did what Mrs. Gloster had recommended only for the very end -- sucking the clitoral head in between my lips and dancing my tongue over it with fast light flicks.
Yes, that did it.
Her whole body started shaking and jerking, her screams of pleasure rang out, and her legs clamped in on me, really strongly, almost crushing my head. I wasn't in any danger, but was a little oppressive for about a whole minute as I did that.
The odd thing that Mrs. Gloster mentioned was the pulsing grab of the vaginal walls. I heard that as an intellectual fact, but it was a whole different thing to feel it happening to my fingers. I could even tell that the pulse felt like the outside, nearest the entrance, contracted first, and then the farther inside part did. It was kind of like it was milking, like it was trying to pull my fingers in farther.
What magic we have in our biology that this kind of thing can happen, I though. She was utterly gone with the orgasm for a while, just breathing hard and forcing herself to relax back onto the bed. I watched her take deeper breaths and relax her body, it was funny to witness.
I'd stopped my licking near the end, I could tell that what I was doing was on too-sensitive a level so I stepped back from the intensity before stopping entirely.
Then, the question was, how to handle a wet face?
Just rubbing my palm over my mouth and cheeks, I moved the liquid to my hip and crawled up her body so we could lie side by side a moment.
My cock had not gone down at all, and this orgasm was damned sexy to watch.
She stopped breathing hard, looked down, saw my hard cock sticking up, then pushed me flat and rolled on top of me. "Red. I want you. NOW. I'm ready for this, oh my God I'm ready for this."
I laughed, but despite the smile she was giving me, she was all business.
She straddled my hips. I looked down and her inverted-V crotch hovered over my cock. She said, as she was reaching down, "I control the pace to start with, right?"
"Of course!"
"Good. Just give me a bit, I'm figuring this out."
Reaching down between her legs, she took my cock and rubbed it up and down her slit, coating it with her juices. She suddenly realized she'd forgotten to get it entirely wet, so she moved down really fast (amazingly fast, actually), bent down and sucked it in, dribbled spit on it, and then climbed up again and did the same thing she'd done, rubbing up and down her slit.
The moment of truth came, she pushed it in her and sat down on it, slowly, wiggling her butt as she did so.
For me, the sight of this beautiful girl, boobs dangling awesomely over me, looking down and watching this cock go into herself, that was something to remember, too. Of course, the feeling of my penis going into her very tight vagina was beyond any masturbatory ability or experience I'd ever had, it kind of transported me, an all-encompassing WOW feeling.
She went very slow, and her lips pursed with one eyebrow up, kind of wincing.
I said, "Are you okay?" I was concerned, I knew this was painful sometimes, they'd covered that in sex-ed classes.
She nodded quickly, then pulled up and pushed down again, rocking onto it, farther and farther each time, about once every two seconds. The rhythm was great for me, too, but I could see relief spreading on her face. Riding me, then, she eventually got to the point where her hips were all the way down, and she brought her knees up by my sides. Of course, my hands went to her breasts, but then to her hips, not to change anything, but just to feel them as I got the rest of the feelings of my cock being squeezed tighter than I'd ever been squeezed before.
The sensation of being inside a vagina is entirely different from holding one's own cock in hand. Yes, they are both being 'held', but the softness, heat, wetness, full-enveloped way that a vagina feels is ... amazing. Of course, anyone who's had sex knows that. But, that's what I was feeling, then, in that moment, being ridden like a horse, my cock being held straight up as it served as a post she could rise up and come down on.
I looked at her face, and she at mine, and we smiled at each other, open eyes, obviously both loving the experience. I said, "I would love to kiss you, while we do this?"
She nodded and positioned herself, moving her legs out to the side more and falling forward onto me. Her pointy nipples rubbed into my chest, their softness and almost tickling points delighting me at the same time.
We kissed as she still moved.
She sped up, and I started thrusting up into her as best I could. Pretty soon, my grunts and hers again filled the space, and ...then... release! Spurt! "AgggahhahahahAAAAagggg!... " I wimper-cry-shouted, pulling her body too me very strongly, my arm around her back, the other arm down, my hand at the top of her hips with a finger just starting down her butt crack, pressing down as well, forcing her hips to meet mine as I came, convulsing and thrashing about, trying to put ever more of myself into her than already was.
She was holding me tightly, too, and still moving around as best she could. It wasn't a set of big moves, just a little bit to keep the motion going.
I came, and came, again spurting for much longer than I thought was normal. As orgasms go, though, it felt more complete than normal, too, like it was how things were Supposed To Be, somehow, deeply satisfying and 'Right'.
When we were done moving, my hips stopping their involuntary twitching and my breath returning slowly to normality, she sighed a happy sigh, lifted up, and kissed me on the cheeks. "That's exactly what you needed."
I replied, inhaling with some catches on my breath, "And, my dear... Wow."
She giggled and pulled up off me, rolling off to my right side, leaving her right leg over mine, her topmost breast pressed into my chest, a sexy cushion between us.
"So, Ev...? Uh... Are you... okay?"
She sighed and moved her head, snuggling into my shoulder a little, "Yep. It was uncomfortable at the starting part, not just inside. My view, though? Really odd, doing that, putting it, grabbing and then, like, sitting on it. It felt kind of surreal, like someone else's body was doing this, like I'd been dreaming of this part for a long time. Then, I was here, doing it."
Something occurred to me, "You... didn't have a hymen? I guess... I noticed that part with my... when my fingers, you..."
"I know. I did that in high school, kind of by accident. I was using a hairbrush I had, the handle was about the right length, I thought, and pretty thin, but only at the end. Right near the brush end, it got thicker. Then, like, one day, I was... entertaining myself, you know, and I went a little too far with it and all of a sudden it was, 'Damn! That hurt!' and I had some blood and I knew I'd torn my hymen. I was upset for a couple of days, actually. Then, I asked my mom about it, and she laughed a little with me and gave me hugs and it was okay. She said lots of girls do that, and that if I wanted a toy, just ask her, or go to the sex shop on A-123 and they had stuff that was better than a hairbrush. But, she said, when you get it home, wash it first. Always, wash it first.' I laughed, but that's what I did. I found a nice one and it's been my Mr. Happy ever since."
"So... How do I compare, with my Mr. Happy, then?" I was nervous about this answer.
"My god, you're so much better! It's like the difference between... can you imagine touching yourself with waxed paper wrapped around it, versus what just happened?"
I got what she meant.
There was a knock on our door, so I said, "Yeah, open it."
The door opened just a little, and I heard Cora's voice, "Hey, I heard the fireworks."
For a brief moment I was embarrassed, and then realized that was utterly silly. Before I could respond, though, Ev said, "And?"
"I think it'd be a good idea to keep the doors partially opened when you're making love. Eventually, we might have to do this in the same room or in sight of each other, or something, and ... it just seems like it'd be better to be used to the sounds of other people, and then, maybe, the sight of other people, you know... doing it."
I nodded a little. Ev said, "Ohhh, I get it. You want to watch."
"No, no, no, not at all, not my ... uh, I don't..."
Ev laughed, "It's okay, Cora. It's fine. I like the idea. We're going to have to trade off, I think, and better to kind of be familiar with how everything is going with my... partner...zzz, partners, I guess. Not just Red, but you, then... huh."
Cora said, kind of diplomatically calm, "Sharing is going to be part of this thing for a lot of reasons, I think."
I said, "I need to use my spot, can I...?"
Ev said, "Oh, sure. Hold on." She crawled out, pushing open the door more, not bothering to pull on clothes. In the corner of vision I saw Tipu walking, wearing underwear, talking with someone ... oh, Pam, right, I realized that had to be Pam.
I pulled the door shut and peed through my now deflated penis, happily. It felt a little sore, but that was more on the skin level, most of the inside soreness and pressure had gone as I came.
Ev squealed a little, I heard, with the door not quite closed. Snippets came to me, "I'm dripping!" ... "Well, go to the bathroom...", "Towel?", "Anyu..."
Finishing on the toilet, I grabbed my tablet and called my mom and dad. Mom answered on the first ring. "Oh, thank god!"
"What's up?"
"I'm trying to deal with this, son, I ... I don't know where your father is. He was at work topside on that new nickel-chrome-vanadium strike, there was tungsten in the ore and it's throwing off all the melting points, so he had to supervise the spincasting. Oh, son, I don't... I'm so worried..."
"I know, Mom... I know."
We talked for a while, maybe 5 more minutes, and the alert came up saying that all phone calls were being capped at 8 minutes to preserve comms capacity since everyone was calling everyone else.
Right before I hung up, I told her that I had a set of people, women, who were helping me out, so I was okay. That seemed to calm her down. I didn't quite know how to say I'd cum more times in the last day than in the couple of months. Talk about conversations it's hard to have with your parents, as a 19-year-old guy.
I got up and crawled out, and drank some more water since that seemed like a good idea. I had noticed that my pee was kind of brown, so I mentioned that and the girls immediately demanded that everyone pee and they'd take a picture of it to compare it with standard colors. At this point I was quite used to any oddball thing that might help given how little we knew about this disease, but the idea of everyone peeing in a cup and comparing colors wasn't something I'd anticipated doing.
As if I'd anticipated doing any of this.
Ev had some towels for us to sit on, so all 5 of us spread them on the couches and sat down together. Tipu had Pam on one, and I sat between Ev and Cora. Ev was naked, still, Cora had a t-shirt and men's shorts on (probably Anyu's), Tipu was in t-shirt and underwear, and Pam had on a t-shirt, her legs parting every once in a while to show a lack of panties. That would have been so Ultra Sexy any other time, but I purposefully avoided looking since I didn't want another boner.
Tipu and Ev talked mechanics since both were site engineers working on living quarters systems. Ev wanted to do housing design, she said, so we could have houses like in the old days, with full-sized rooms and giant beds and all that stuff. I said, 'if you want that so much, there's always Mars...' I almost said, '...we could go to Mars.' I kind of thought of her that way, in a way, though I knew I shouldn't.
That brought another topic to mind. I said, "Uh, I have a ... thought here, that might be, well... complicated. What if far more guys die than girls?"
Tipu said, dejectedly, "Then the odds don't look good for us, do they."
Pam said, "And they don't look good for us, either."
I looked at her, I think, with a confused face.
"Red, you may or may not die. This is horrible for you, no question. Horrible for everyone. But, in the end, you won't be suffering afterwards. All the people who lost their loved ones, they will be suffering. You? You're free of it. We have the consequences, the lifelong need -- and the empty mattress where there ISN'T someone anymore."
Cora said, "Pam, you don't know..."
"I do so know! My dad is about the most reliable person you'd ever meet. He was also a giant fucking prude. He would apologize all over the place if he just made a tiny fart sound, and I could tell he was really embarrassed. I saw he had on two pairs of underwear under his swimsuit when we went to the opening of the aquatic center. He was always telling me to keep my shirt buttoned, and never wear short skirts, always long ones, and to put on a pullover to make sure my breasts were well-hidden, all that stuff. He was super-devoted to Mom. There's zero chance he was masturbating regularly. If he wasn't, and he was out on the rig alone, well, that's... it's hard... I don't know how I'm going to deal with it. I kind of know, but I don't want to know, and I'm not sure, but there's just No Effing Way he gets out of this situation, I don't see that. I LOVE my dad!!! I love him so much, and now...? He's ... Missing, right? Like lots of people on the topside were -- just kind of incommunicado, and if there's women around him, great, like over half the topside crew is women, it's just... hard..." She sobbed a little pulling up her shirt collar to cry into.
Pulling up her shirt gave me a clear view of her pussy. Her lips were still inflamed, like she was still turned on. I guessed having sex less than a half-hour before would do that. Or, perhaps it was just the whole situation, lots of nakedness, lots of talk about sex, it might have gotten to her.
Yet, she was crying, so that was a contrast between the obvious not-turned-on aspect and the bits that said yes, turned on. I was a little confused, but I filed it away to ask later.
We talked a while longer, until we all heard a beeping that presaged an announcement on the PA. It said:
"Attention. Attention. All Personnel. Please pay attention, this is an emergency lifesaving message. ... Attention..."
It had to repeat that 3 times, I figured, if someone was getting off the toilet or somewhere they couldn't hear. Who knew. The whole place was wired up and the PA was pretty loud to begin with, so I didn't know why they sometimes repeated crap like that over and over.
Cora jumped up and knocked on Pauline and Peter's door.
It opened quickly, but Pauline looked nervous. She waved off Cora and listened from where they were.
"Medical information follows. All males in Ceres colony are hereby presumed to have SHAG virus. All males should be given preventative treatment by any available person. Lockdown has ceased, as previously noted. Colony operations are hereby on Skeleton-Staff-Critical status. All women with any medical certifications whatsoever are ordered to report to duty stations. All military personnel are to file status reports on schedule. Please keep all communications extremely brief, very quick status checks or important notifications only."
It paused and another recorded voice came on.
"Treatment of SHAG is as follows: men and women, drink a half-liter of water per hour, monitor urine color. Light brown urine is expected. Rest and very light duty wherever possible. Sleep when possible. MALES should try to ejaculate at regular intervals of between 1.5 and 4 hours. All persons shall, under force of law, render aid if requested. We have confirmed that delays longer than 5 hours are typically fatal. Age-appropriate means should be given to those unable to comply. Chafing can be fatal since it prevents further ejaculation, so please be careful. Also, in extreme cases where ejaculation is prevented by some means, direct manual stimulation of the prostate, especially with a vibrator sex toy, can help this proceed. The prostate can be touched by gently rubbing a finger about 5 cm inside the rectum, towards the belly button. Very gentle rubbing or vibration is sometimes effective there."
Another pause, and another person came on.
"Any person known to have died should be placed in a body bag and have the name of that person written on the bag. This bag should be carried by any available person topside by whatever route seems most appropriate. If you are unable, file a casualty report or ask anyone nearby to assist. Any person asked to help moving a body is required to assist, under penalty of law."
"That is all."
We all kind of stared at each other for a minute. That was more information than we'd had, but... I was pretty sure I didn't want anyone's finger up my butt.
Everyone took some minutes talking in a cub with their families on their pads, check-ins only. Some couldn't be reached, others were just hunkered down, scared.
Cora said, "I'm pretty tired, but it's my turn next. Let's get some sleep. Ev, you're on first watch, next 4 hours, check-in quietly, women only, leave your doors unsecured and slightly open." She seemed like she was more in-charge than others, but I was happy someone was taking responsibility so I didn't have to be that person. I shifted, felt something, and stood up. I had a boner again, poking out through they fly on my underwear. Tipu glanced at me and said, "I'm in the same boat, dude."
Pam stood and led him back to his cub, above Peter's, and Cora headed to mine. She opened the door for me and said, "Get in. I want a quick hose-off."
After I got settled a minute later, I saw Cora's legs walking back from the shower with her clothes suspended in front of her. I'd seen her in the classroom, but not spent a lot of time looking since I was kind of surrounded at the time with the glorious expanses of beautiful flesh.
Cora crawled in, laying down on the bed next to me and holding out her arms with an accepting smile. I rolled in and felt her warm embrace, the warm, soft skin wrapping me up in the texture of caring. My chest felt hers, the softness of her breasts with their big, pointy nipples tickling a little as they moved slightly across my body. Our lips met, kissing tentatively with eyes open, but we closed our eyes and opened our mouths to let our tongues dart and test.
Pulling me, she obviously wanted me on top of her, but I feared my weight would be too much. She broke the kiss, somehow knowing the worry of my stiffness, "I'm not going to break, hun. Climb Aboard..." She grinned maniacally and pulled me down on her, rubbing my back and tugging me towards lying directly up her body. I complied, of course, but my cock was wanting, and I was wanting with it. I had to get a taste of her, though, I knew that, before I filled her with my taste.
Kissing her cheek down to her ear, then pushing myself down, I let myself pause at her breasts. They were bigger than Ev's, but softer, too. I kissed around her nipples, licking a bit as I went, making circles around her areola until I let her nipple cross my cheek lightly. Again, around, underboob, up and over, around, swipe, and then I pressed my open mouth down, sucking up slightly, and ran the flat of my tongue up the side of her nipple, pulling it into my mouth and feeling the utter softness of it between my lips.
She liked that.
I sucked some more, loving the sensation, then shifted to the other breast, doing the same thing, and back to the first, faster this time, latching onto the nipple and trying to roll it just as I'd seen her doing with her fingers. I figured, 'if she liked it then, would she like it now?'
Yes.
She pushed my head down, and I got the message, kissing across her abdomen and shifting my body down so I could get a good angle. Given the way we were turned, I had to go off to the side this time. On the plus side, it left my hand free to press in as my mouth could lick her clit, but on the downside I couldn't see her face as I was doing it, and I'd liked doing that with Ev.
Cora's attentions and motions were obvious even without seeing her face. Her hips moved up me, and ground around, searching out my fingers. Willing to comply, I put first one, then two fingers in, licking and sucking all around her clit, way up near her mons all the way down to beside her labial lips as I moved my fingers slowly in and out of them.
Licking across her clit, flat of the tongue of course, made her motions start going rhythmic, her breathing and gasps coming more and more rapidly, until she came, just a few minutes into my attentions, gasping and screaming, "Ahh!!! AAAAAAAAAhhhh!!! AAAAAA! Alooooooo haaaaaaaaa!!!!! Fuuuuuuuuuck yes yes YES YESssssssss YESSSSS!!!!! AaaaaaaAAAA!!!!"
For the second time that day, holding onto an orgasming woman proved difficult -- possible, but difficult.
Eventually, she calmed down again, and I decided to see if I could go for two. I'd heard this was possible. She said, "Oh, wait ...Ouhhh... oh, yes, keep... yes, That! Oh, okay... yes... "
I was guided and completely given feedback on what worked of what I was doing and what didn't (more by omission than commission).
Another 5 or 6 minutes, and she was coming again, harder this time, deeper grunts and more carefree yells of appreciation and passion than before.
After she calmed down from this, she pushed me back and said, "Sit up. Kneel!"
I did, of course, and she bent down quickly to suck in my hardness and coat it with her spit. The attention was welcome, of course. She pushed her face down on me and got pretty far before pulling off and starting to lie down again, face up. She said, "You're bigger than I remember having. Your cock head is huge when you sit like that. Get over here and put that cock in me before I beat you senseless." She was grinning, but her desire was very, shall we say, urgent.
I smiled back at her and moved up her body, positioning my cock in the middle of the giant M of her wide-opened spread and bent legs. I had control this time, so I wiped the head of my cock up and down over her lips, parting them again, and then pressed in. Her pussy was hard to push into in the sense of being contracted around me, but there was lots of fluid and heat and I knew I wasn't pulling anything.
She groaned as I went in (as did I), and we ended up with my arms propping me up, her legs spread so wide they went down and I went in, all the way.
She moaned again as we started moving against each other, her tugging my body upwards and in, pulling me down onto her. I was a little taller than she, but we kissed a little despite this and I felt her mouth have the same need that her furrowed eyebrows did. She wanted me in, and harder still than I was giving her.
She urged me on, and despite the tight grab her pussy was giving me, she kept urging me on, and on, grabbing my butt to pulling me in.
I sped up, faster and faster, until I was slamming into her, all the while feeling my insides churning and building, tightness coming... and coming... and THERE, I spurted and came, thrusting deep as I did, yelling out and hoping I didn't deafen her, my whole being tied up in getting more cum to go into her, my cock to go just slightly farther inside the wicked-beauteous cunt squeezing my penis as I moved. Then, as I was coming, I felt her insides pulsing, pulsing on me, grabbing ... grab... grab... grab.... Grab... She was coming on me, too, her gasps making more sense now, and her body's desire to more was feeding me as I was feeding her.
There wasn't much stopping to it, I just kind of twitched there, pushing tightly in, prying myself into her with my toes on the mattress and probably shifting the both of us up in the process.
My cock, as I moved a little around in the middle, kept spurting and spurting, I could tell it was more than I normally came by quite a large amount. I could tell my cum was accumulating, too, because it got obviously more slippery there, too.
I slowed down and stopped, and waited, breathing, then collapsed on her and not moving. She held me, then reached for my face to start kissing me again.
We talked for a couple of minutes, and I noticed I was still hard in her, I hadn't come out even. So, I moved just a little, and it felt really good. She raised an eyebrow and said, "Really? Really? You... want to?"
"Let's see. Maybe I can sleep longer if I do it twice now."
We kept moving, and again, about 5 minutes later, I came again, spurting into her with just as much volume as I'd had before. She was calmer for this one, just encouraging me, and stroking my back, letting me move on her as I wanted.
After I came, I was taken over by incredible tiredness, so I rolled over and felt the kind of fog enveloping my brain, like right before a nap, where your whole consciousness is all about the 'I must SLEEEEEEEP ... Sleeeeep...'
== ==
There followed a period of on-again, off-again consciousness. Bits and flashes of this time are all I retain.
Fever and headache went with severe disorientation. I think I even threw up, but I'm not sure that I imagined that, it was really hard to tell.
== ==
I wasn't in the cub anymore, that was certain, I was out in the main room against a wall, with some kind of sheet hanging near me.
Faces came and went, both with happy thoughts and hugs, and with somewhat irritating cold-washrag wipe-downs.
Several times I remember loud talking and even, maybe, painful screaming, though I don't know if it was me screaming, or a dream, or someone near me.
== Chapter: Coma Dispelled ==
Sitting on a toilet: my butt on cold plastic, my... my feet rested on the cold metal floor.
I was wet, I could feel that much, and cold from that, too. My left hand held a cold, stainless-steel handrail next to the toilet. My waking up process was taking forever. Blinking was hard, keeping the eyes open between blinks even harder, but I liked the reality they showed, it was so different from the dream-stupor. My mouth... tasted like... toothpaste? I didn't remember brushing my teeth, but maybe I had and just forgot. How could I have done that without being awake?
My view was bent over, leaning against the half-wall and the handrail, propped up, no muscles required. I tried moving - my right arm was by my side, but... could I? Move it?
Fingers! My fingers moved. Did my brain work? I was thinking, so... was that proof?
I just concentrated on my eyelids. They were very heavy. I was thirsty. Could I talk?
"thirtthtthhthtttyyy." It came out slurred, I could tell my face was not doing what I wanted it to. Intellectually, I knew I was really out of it. Physically, I guessed that's all I had.
Someone rushed around beside me. I could hear voices, and a clear one right in my ear, friendly, nice, caring, "Cup of water, right here, and a straw..."
At my mouth, my lips felt something, so I closed them and sucked. Cool water came in. That was nice and refreshing. It woke me up a little more.
Someone's face appeared in front of mine as I blinked. Brown eyes, concerned but upbeat, looked in mine, and a smile. I knew this face, distantly. Tipu and... what's her name...? Pam, that's it.
I said, "Pam." It came out nicer this time, stretched out in time but without extra syllables. I tried for more, "Teeee-puuuuuzzzzz girrrrlffnnnd" That slurred, too, but it was better.
Her eyes got very alarmed and then blinked, and she said, "Yes."
I'd hurt her, I think, by saying that. Wasn't it true?
She said, "Can you move your head? Your arm? Toes?"
I was already looking at my toes, mostly, my head tipped like that. I moved them, with some effort, "Tttttoooowwwz... Towwwwz... " I took a breath and concentrated on my mouth, "Toes."
"Your toes? Something's wrong? Oh, yes, you can move your toes! Very good!"
This was going to take a while.
I was done peeing. I noticed I didn't have a boner. That was important somehow, but I wasn't quite there yet. It came to me after a while, like the whole thing was a long ugly dream. I said, "The... sickness. I have it."
"Everyone does, Red. Everyone has... had.... Yes, you have it." She paused a little, though, and I could tell she was more upbeat, "You're on the mend, though. You're so much better than you were last week."
Last week? I was confused. A long time must have passed. "Haoowww lannng?"
"Have you been out? About 3 weeks now, coming up on it. Here, let's get you up. You aren't pooping much, so that part's easy. They're giving us just liquid diet stuff for you. Now, hold on, I'm going to get some help and we'll get you to a chair or something." Her face disappeared from my view so I tried to move my head, but it was so heavy, it took a lot of effort and I just turned it a little.
She called out and someone else came in, an older lady, it looked like, maybe in her 40's or 50's, starting to get gray hair. She was big enough, though, and both Pam and her got me up and carried me under-back and under-knees out the bathroom door to the sofa, a towel already across it. I was still naked, and it was a little cool in the room. I could tell.
The couch was set up against one wall, so my head didn't loll back to far, and I could see that the room was set up differently. The kitchen table was put away, folded into the wall, and the other sofa was there, a light on over it like someone had been sitting there. A tablet device was on the counter, so that must be it.
My brain was catching up, I realized. The lady went to my locker and got a t-shirt out, some underwear, and blanket. I asked Pam, "Dooooo I knowww herrr?"
The lady said, overhearing me, "No, sir. You don't know me. I'm Mrs. Harris, Dawn Harris. I'm assigned to you this shift."
Pam said, "Most everyone is either spending time with family or working like hell to figure out critical systems before everything collapses."
Dawn started putting my clothes on me, and she seemed like she'd done it before. I asked, not slurring this time, "Thank you both, soooo much, for doing this? I'm... I can't...."
I started to cry. I hurt, all over, and I was exhausted, but I didn't know why I was crying.
Dawn nodded and said, "You're fine, dear. Settle. I'll give you hugs and you can cry if you want. Or, Pam can. It's okay. You're welcome."
Pam said, "Here." She gave me a hug and carefully kissed the far side of my cheek. I could tell I hadn't shaved in a while just from the feeling.
"I haven't shaved."
"We know. We agreed we liked the rugged you better. The fierce Red beard is a kind of a battle cry. It says, 'I want to live, dammit!'" She laughed, "I thought so, at least. Dawn agreed, and so did Jess and Farah, and Suha, too."
"Dooo I know theszzzz ppllll?"
"Oh, maybe. Probably not, unless you have afterimages from when you were really out of it. They showed up... after the initial ... stuff."
Suddenly, I was tired again. "Can ... I lie down again"
Dawn said, "Not yet. Soon. We need you to sit up for about another ten minutes, and then we'll walk you, and then you can go back to bed. You can sleep for, maybe, 3 hours, before it'll be time for another juice. We'll see."
"We have juice?"
She laughed, and Pam, too; she said, "No, not that kind of juice. We need to ensure you're properly drained. You just did about 20 minutes before your bathroom visit, if you remember."
"Nottthhthtthhngg bfore abathroooom." Dammit, still slurring. I had to work harder. I tried again, "You mmmeaaannn thattt I needz to coming... Damnit, no... AGGG! You mean, that I need to come, to, ejaculate, and youuu, you, you are doing that."
"Yeah, honey, we have to do that. Both of us do it, we take turns, and the day shift takes turns, too. It keeps you alive. Every 4 hours, so not quite as often."
I thought about how embarrassing it must be to jack off someone you didn't know. "I'm sorry if I'm ... being ... awkward. It must ... be.."
Pam laughed, "Don't worry, silly. It's not bad. Heck, you're asleep, more or less, but the important parts work anyway. Takes about 10 minutes, start to finish, but I usually want to take a little longer than that so I start early." She was very matter of fact about it, I noticed. There must be so much of this now that the idea is old and it's not embarrassing.
Dawn said, "Pam and I do about the same sorts of things. Sir. You need care, we give care. We have to protect... "
Pam shushed her, "Not now. Protocol."
"Oh."
I said, "Protocol for what?"
"We have to wait 24 hours after your first hallway walk. Then, we can tell you all sorts of things, like, news. But, before then, we just can't, I'm really sorry. You have a lot of stuff to handle right now, mentally and emotionally and physically, we can't..."
Somehow that made sense, and I could see I was getting nowhere with it.
After a little more small talk, they picked me up, my arms over their shoulders, and I "walked" out into the hallway, down the hall to the turning, back down to the other turning, and back to my room. There weren't many people out and about; the lights showed it was 3rd shift, middle of the night except if you were unlucky enough to get assigned there for classes or work.
We went back in and they put me on a mattress, obviously my bed. It was a lot of work, I had to concentrate on moving every single muscle and even then I was incredibly weak.
As I was lying down, they fed me a granola candy bar. It was fabulous, decadent. The flavors exploded in my mouth, the sweetness, the textures... I loved it. That said, it was hard to chew, kind of, but I had enough strength to do that.
Sleep came quickly.
Some hours later, I awoke to the sensations of my underpants being removed. I opened my eyes and saw Pam matter-of-factly pulling down my underwear. The blankets were folded to the side, almost neatly. I could see I had a full-sized boner... but Pam was naked, too, her breasts hanging nicely with pointy nipples showing either it was cold or she was turned on, and after some consideration I decided it was probably the latter. She had an eye out for that. Her eyes traveled up to my face and I managed to smile.
The light from the kitchen area was kind of dim and shadowy, but we connected well enough. She smiled back at me, happily, and set my underwear aside, then took my erect penis in hand and bent down to suck it into her mouth in one swift motion. There wasn't much lead-in, she just went down to it. She couldn't get that much in her mouth, though, it looked like it filled her mouth up, and I could see she wanted to deep-throat it, but couldn't get very far down.
Something was different, I thought. I looked down at myself in the dim light, and sure enough, my penis had... some kind of slightly different shape. It still had the curve, sort-of, but the size was off, and so was the overall shape. Now, it wasn't vastly different, it just seemed... thicker. And, probably, it was longer, too. I was pretty sure I wasn't this big before. Of course, her hands or her mouth could be smaller than normal, but I didn't think so. My cock head seemed to be more bulbous, too, more mushroom-shaped.
She mumbled on it once and then I could see she was leaving a lot of spit on it as she pulled up her head, crawling up my body then. She said, "It's so odd that you're awake now. I'm all self-conscious!"
I smiled even more at that and said, "And miss this beauty in front of me? I don't think so."
The words didn't come out slurred this time, and I was pretty sure I was thinking more clearly.
Straddling my hips, she reached down quickly and rubbed my cock up and down her cleft, breath catching as she passed her clit, then pushed it backwards and sat, coming down on it in tiny almost-vibrations of motion. It wasn't that she was rocking with lots of motion, they were tiny up-and-down motions, pretty fast, but more and more until she was completely settled on me. "Ooooo, you... you're always a surprise, Red. I'm coping with this, but it's a bit larger than... well. It's nice, let's say."
"Thank you."
I moved my arms, slowly, towards her knees. They were leaden, still, and I could barely move at all. She didn't mind. She kept the rocking up, and put her hands on my shoulders so she could lift and drop more effectively. That gave me a nice view of her breasts dangling. They were larger than Ev's or Cora's, I decided, and a little saggier, but probably just from being larger.
She leaned down and kissed me, and I kissed back, which surprised her, too, like she'd forgotten that I was even awake. I suspected this had happened a lot already and I had missed all of it.
Sedately, calmly, she rocked back and forth on me, setting up a good rhythm for a couple of minutes, and I was very much enjoying it. I could feel my cock all the way in her, and even that it seemed like it was bumping into her cervix, too, though she didn't seem to mind that and the books said that was sometimes painful.
Leaning back, then, she splayed her legs differently and used her fingers on her clit to make circular motions, obviously interested in getting off. I had nothing to do but watch, so I did. Her eyes were closed, and her other arm crossed her body to play with the opposite breast -- really nipple and areola, pulling, twisting, and rolling it between her fingers.
Her breathing got heavier and heavier, gasping, wanting, catching in her throat, and her motion changed, too, to be jerkier and stay all the way down on me for longer times.
Finally, she came, deeply grunting and almost yelling out, shattering the quiet around us, her legs twitching and her torso swaying suddenly, jarringly, side-to-side as her face looked like she was about to sneeze, grimacing and then hugely smiling, then grimacing again, each separated by an almost bass-note of deep, exhaling, wanting grunt.
Inside, I felt her vaginal muscles pulse on me, grabbing, the tight pressure and motion putting me over the edge, and then, I, too, cried out, grasping at her legs and twisting my body back and forth as I, too, came. I yelled a bit, too, something like, "Thrust... Into ... that... fucking cunt, yes! Yesssss! FUUUUUccckk yes! Ohhhh yannnnnnngngnngng aahhh!!!"
This went on, I mean, the orgasm, not my yelling, for much longer than I remembered coming in the past. Most orgasms, I think, were shorter, but this one lasted a full minute, maybe, with all the extra convulsions afterwards that just kept echoing through my body. I wasn't really controlling anything, but I managed to lift her up from the bed with my hips during the middle of it.
She grinned at me, then bent down and lay with her head on my shoulder, her breasts pressed against my chest and her pointy nipples being very noticeable, too. After a couple of minutes, her hands roaming slightly over my shoulders and squeezing like she was appreciating my musculature, she pushed herself up a little, letting me turn my head to her and share a kiss. At first almost glancing, she moved her tongue on mine and we toyed with each other.
I could feel she'd pulled off of my penis, and it had dropped down, I thought, but I could also feel some of my spunk dripping on my abdomen, too. I didn't mind it, it just was fun that I was able to sense it.
Giving one final peck, she pulled up off me, picking up a washrag that looked wet from a kitchen plate she'd set on a chair seat next to the bed. Pushing this to her crotch, she walk-waddled to the bathroom, where I heard the bidet function tinkling for quite a bit before it turned off.
She emerged, and I actually felt awake still, so I asked her, "Can I have another light on?"
Diverting to the side lamp by the sofa, she flicked it on and we had more room light, still soft but enough to see pretty well that one of the cubs was closed, the others open and dark. I asked, "Are we the only people here?"
"No. Dawn's shift ended. That cub is the next girl, April. I would have left, too, but protocol is that when someone wakes up, one of the people on-shift has to remain in that room for 24 hours. It's to help you feel more secure and cared-for, whereas brand new people having different work-times would make for a lack of continuity and not feeling at home where you are."
"Makes sense." I thought a moment. "And... You really can't tell me what's going on?"
"Not yet."
I knew that Tipu wasn't there. I knew that Peter wasn't either. It was obvious by my question that she should have told me if she could, so I didn't press it.
She said, "You want to try sitting up? You might want something to eat?"
I loved that idea. She nodded and stood again, still naked, and walked over to the cub that was closed, rapping twice quickly but quietly.
It opened, and a girl that must have been almost 2 meters tall crawled out, blonde, clear skin, pretty, but with broad shoulders enough that I knew she'd win any 'tussle' even if I was back to full strength. She smiled at me, and I smiled back. She walked over and bent down, holding out her hand, "April."
"Red."
"I know, silly. I've been taking care of you over ... well, a while now." She looked at Pam and said, "Shower?"
Pam nodded, and April looked back towards me, "Shower it is. Ready?"
"Uh, sure. I probably need one."
She laughed, "It'll be more complete than a sponge bath. We've done it before, but it will probably be easier if you're awake."
April was walking back to the cub and pulling off her shirt, then bra, then shucking out of her pants, socks, underwear... Pam and I both just watched her. I think Pam was watching me watch her, too, though I didn't know why.
She turned around to me; her breasts were very close to her chest. Her most notable feature was her musculature. I knew nothing about her life or her profession, but her defined muscles meant she did some kind of heavy work daily. Even her abs were six-pack'd, going down to a surprisingly trim little ultra-blonde landing strip. I had just come, but I wasn't blind.
I said, "Wow! Two beautiful ladies, to give little old me a shower..."
They nodded and smiled dismissively at my utter suck-up. Pam helped April get me up, then April carried me into the bath. Pam cleared the way and brought in a small steel coffee-table and set it in the middle of the shower, and I had a seat.
The warm shower water cascaded over me, Pam and April taking turns holding me up and rubbing soap, then shampoo, all over me. I could move a little, my arms and legs were starting to come around. I could almost sit up on my own, too, but it was a stretch.
The side effect of sitting in a shower whilst being bathed by two relatively tall naked women was that I was nose-high to a pleasant view. Water dripped not just off me but off Pam and April, too, the spray obviously was cold because their nipples got very hard and their areolas puckered. April's areolas were interesting, medium sized and all, but they had a bottlecap sort of arrangement where the whole areola got larger and had an entirely different radius of curvature than the rest of her breast.
I liked it and wanted to touch it, but my arms were really tired. I asked, "April? I'd like to try to lift my arms to touch you, but... you'll have to stop moving."
She grinned and asked, "Oh, really? You want to touch me, then? Where exactly would you like to be touching, exactly?"
Looking up, I saw she had obviously been watching me oogle her breasts. "Oh. Sorry to stare."
Pam and she laughed.
April said, "It's nice to be noticed, Red. I'm your nurse, not your girlfriend, but if you want, you can touch them." She moved so she was standing right in front of me, Pam behind propping me up with her knee and side, soft skin on my back and warm water coming down my front where the shower wand was.
I realized I'd presumed something not in evidence. "Uh, I didn't...."
"Don't get hung up on it, Red. Just touch. We'll call it physical therapy."
Though my arms were like lead, I could move them if I worked at it, so I worked. My hand came up and I pressed with separated thumb and forefinger on the areola on either side of her nipple. It pressed in, but the whole areola dented in a different way, and it kind of acted stiffer than normal breasts do.
She laughed, putting on a snarky New York accent, "Hay, dare, bud! Ya gettin' a workout eeer! Look a dare, Pam! Eee muz be Italian 'cuz he's gat Roman Hands!"
They laughed at me, and I let my arm fall again, exhausted at keeping it outstretched. I wanted to explore that more, but they were ready to be done, I could tell.
Figuring out how they wanted to do it, they tried a couple of moves until I was standing, held up by Pam, mostly, and April put my foot up on the 'chair'. This opened my butt area up and she spritzed me really well under there.
I tried apologizing again for putting them through this hassle, but they said, "Stop. This is what we're doing. You do your thing, which is getting better. We'll do our thing, which is nursing."
Water off and headed for the dryer, I waited for it to run across all of us. I was prepared for it to be ice cold and low volume, but instead it came out really nicely - genuinely warm and medium-high flow rate, even better than my parent's one. I was confused. "Hey, Pam? This is the same room, right? This dryer is... nice now! It used to freeze every time..."
Pam nodded, "Yep. Ev took care of that a long time ago. She's an engineer, and a good one, from what I hear. She fixed that up, and some other stuff around here, early days. She's off doing important stuff now, really important stuff."
Suddenly I was really fatigued. "I'd like to... sleep, I think."
April carried me again, like it was nothing. I had been middle-weight, but I could see I'd lost some mass from being sick.
Pam went ahead and pulled off the sheets, grabbing some more and changing them while Pam just stood there, holding me in her arms. Her breasts pressed up against the side of my shoulder. I could hold my head up, but it was taking more effort as time passed. Pam got the fitted sheet on, so April set me down, and they quickly added the top sheet, blanket, and even a clean pillowcase.
I vaguely remember Pam kissing my forehead, I think, before sleep dominated.
== Chapter: Rehabilitation Clarity ==
Again, I awoke to Pam pulling down my covers, the cooler air on my skin.
My cock hurt a little from being hard, but Pam's mouth again wet it as best she could and she again mounted me. I observed more than participated, I was still pretty tired, but I did manage to get my arms to respond more, and I held her around her back as she rubbed up and down me. She didn't come this time, just moved up and down regularly until I came, spurting and spurting, her tight pussy, giving me excellent 'care'.
Sleep, again, overtook.
The next time I awoke, April was getting ready to feed me oatmeal. It was amazingly good, and she spooned it into my mouth like I was a baby. I held the spoon and did it for a little while, but it was slow going. Orange juice followed. I asked where Pam was and she said, "Pam's asleep. She was near the end of her shift when you woke up, so she was on duty for ... 39 hours, but not done yet? It's been a while, I'm not sure."
The bowl was empty so she took it back to the kitchen and came back to me. "Now, we can see you're tumescent again, you're due in about half an hour, but if you want, we can do this now..."
I shrugged. The food had done me good, but I knew I wasn't awake for long. "Sure, that's fine."
"Good."
She stood back and unzipped her uniform, getting naked and then telling me to hold on a moment. She was in the bathroom for at least 5 minutes, but when she came out she was breathing a little hard.
Pulling down my sheet and blanket and (underwear? I didn't put those on, did I?), she got the bottom half of me naked and bent down. Sniffing me a little, she licked up the side of my penis, then kissed the head, then rolled her lips over her teeth and sucked my head in, bobbing a little. Her other hand, I could see, moved down to between her legs, and did a little motion there. Her eyes closed with the combination of those two, and mine did, too, as I leaned back and enjoyed it.
I felt her shifting around, but by the time I looked up, she was sitting down on me, her strong leg muscles showing me strength while her oh-so-soft pussy wrapped and came down with some difficulty, so tight was the fit. I would have expected her height and larger size to mean the opposite, but the reasoning was irrelevant in the face of the strong grip she held on me. I felt it shudder a little, and she started rising and falling on me.
Looking up, I could see tears in her eyes, a very sad look. I got worried, but she sniffed and smiled thinly, and said, "Don't worry about it, just close your eyes and go with it."
Not having much choice, I did, her rising and falling, rising and falling, the wet, hot, strong grip of her pussy giving me all sorts of great things to occupy my senses. Still, my brain was worried a little, even as I felt her movements and the pleasure that flowed from them.
Building up over several minutes, I came, spurting into her, and feeling her grunt with satisfaction at the feelings she was getting from my coming. Per what she'd said earlier, I just kept my eyes shut and pumped away, feeling all the sensations and losing myself in the moment, as long as that moment went. Again, it was a lot longer orgasm than I normally had. I wasn't objecting.
The effort and food had tired me out. I felt her pull off, and then awoke briefly as she gave me a sponge-bath around my privates. It ended quickly, and I went back to sleep, rolling over and having it feel pretty good to do that.
== ==
When I came to, I opened my eyes to see Pam there, reading her pad, and another girl sitting on the couch next to her. I vaguely recognized this girl -- but who knows from where. Her face was pretty, medium-length light-brown hair, trim body (from what I could see where I was). The room lights were on about half-full. I was partially on my side. I opened my eyes all the way and found I was pretty alert. I realized I seriously had to pee... and poop. I rolled to my side and sat up, pushing myself up with my arms but finding it was a lot harder than it normally was.
Very quickly it came back to me that I'd been very out-of-it and weak, so this was better than normal, actually, so I felt better about not being able to move much. Pam was there quickly, helping me sit.
"Hey there! Aren't we ambitious! Sitting up, now? Sure, okay... Suze, ...Yeah, you get that side."
Suze (short for Susan? I didn't ever know) was kneeling down on the mattress (on the floor) and helping lift me up by my arms. They got me stood up, and my legs felt very odd, wobbly and not quite all there. I could almost walk, I thought, but I didn't quite have the balance.
"Bathroom trip?"
"Yes, please. Rather quickly." I didn't elaborate beyond that, it didn't need saying.
They brought me over and around the corner to the bathroom and were going to sit me down, but I said, "Stop." They held me up while I pulled down my underwear and aimed my boner at the toilet. I missed only a little and got the rest aimed in, a strong stream though it was very dark orange colored, like I was dehydrated.
Relief streamed through me and I let out a deep breath. I was a little embarrassed for missing, but before I could say anything, Pam said, "Wow! You're getting so much stronger! Peeing standing up? You've got most of your weight right now."
"Just happy to make it to the pot."
They both laughed. I think this was entertaining for them, too.
Finishing my urination, I shook a little and said, "I gotta use the toilet part, too. Can you set me down?"
"Sure."
Letting go with two girls watching me was a little odd. I asked if I could only have one watcher, and they both turned around. I farted loudly, and said excuse me, and they said 'no problem' in a way that told me they'd dealt with much worse from me already and I didn't even know it.
After a couple of minutes, I used the bidet function and cleaned up, then flushed and wanted to go wash my hands. They said, "No, let's just do a shower. It's been long enough."
Pam stripped quickly, piling her clothes on the sink, and after various tradeoffs and setup I was getting clean again. The procedure was similar to before except it was only Pam with me. I could sit upright without a problem, so Suze waited outside.
After the bath and a quick dry-off I got fresh clothing and saw I had fresh sheets, too.
Pam propped two pillows behind me and sat down on the bed, cross-legged in front of me. Suze was behind her, not reading a novel, I could see -- her pad dipped and I saw 'ACTION MESSAGE' written at the top.
"So... Pam. Is it time, then?"
She nodded, very serious. "It's time."
I thought about all the worst case scenarios that could be, all the best case ones, too, and what it probably was. But, I suspected the worst.
I was wrong. It was even worse than that.
She started, glancing down to get the gist of what she was supposed to say. "The pandemic is over, mostly, the exceptions being men, like you, who have taken a while to awaken and get lively again. Some had meningitis, so they may or may not ever awaken, we don't know. That's not many, though, about 5% of the survivors."
She took a breath, long and slow, measuring out her words. "Just about all the men you've ever known are dead." She looked at Suze and nodded for her to speak next.
I was confused.
Suze said, reading from her tablet, "Ceres - SHAG Virus Pandemic Mortality Statistics Report, as of this morning. Infection presumed at 100%. Overall female mortality, 32 percent, mortality below age 35, 3 percent, above age 35, 94%. Older women were heavily hit."
Realizing I was about to ask, Pam said, "Red, I checked, and yes, your mother passed on, about two weeks ago."
This was alarming, of course... but, somehow, my mood turned suddenly calm. I almost didn't recognize my own voice as I said, "I understand. Please continue."
Suze nodded. "Overall male mortality, 98.2%. Above age 53 it's 100%, below that it declines. Below age 53, it's 97%, there weren't that many older men here."
"One ... in ... no, 3 in 100? That's it?"
Suze spoke again, "Yes. There are other numbers, those still in a persistent vegetative state, those just starting to emerge from the ravages. Most have pulled through, now, you're on the tail end of the recoveries, I'd say."
Pam said, "There's other effects, among the survivors, you should know about, too."
"Yes?"
"Those males who have survived have continued needing to ejaculate about once every 4 to 6 hours before they experience discomfort. This makes sleep difficult. The doctors don't know if or when the effects might wear off. There are other effects, on you, mostly muscle atrophy from being mostly asleep for 3 weeks. I've noticed that over the time that I've known you, your penis has grown in diameter and length, but not grotesquely. It's a blessing that it's not too much, because not every woman can accommodate a large penis, and this would have caused problems."
I nodded. I was still in shock. This news was coming into the rational part of my brain and my emotional part had shut down. "And, women?"
"Tests are showing mitochondrial DNA has been supercharged and is now operating, in all surviving women, at nearly the same level as a 4-year old. I'm only able to sit here, frankly, because I worked out for over an hour, running super-hard on a treadmill and lifting some weights. Not enough men have been in recovery long enough to determine this, but I've seen a couple of men at the fitness center already and that's amazing given what I know you've gone through."
My mind went back to my ... friends? "Uh... Question. Tipu?"
"He passed about 3 hours after you went to sleep the first time."
I nodded, "Peter, too?"
"Yes."
I worked up to this one. "... My father?"
"I'm so sorry, Red... No."
"Both my mother and father...?"
"Yes. I'm so, so sorry."
"Dafne? My sister?!?!"
"She's fine. We've told her you're awake... Everybody's super-busy, though, we don't know when she can get here, duty shifts..."
"That's fine, as long as she's fine... Oh my God, I can't imagine... So, very, ... wow, she's good? Really?"
"I'll reach out a little later, see if I can get another message to her."
"Thanks soooo much...!"
She nodded.
Thinking of how I got back to my room, I asked, "Evaline?"
"Working hard, she's an engineer and My God we need those. Lots of problems going on, apparently we have systems that require a lot of manual intervention and we didn't know about it."
"Cora?"
"She's fine, working on some big project, too."
"How is it you're here?"
"Volunteered, and I knew you before, so I was a shoe-in. Plus, my major was finance, and I'm not really anywhere close to being in-demand right now. Later, sure, they'll need me; there's a lot of businesses that may or may not be viable anymore, and I can help with that part since I have accounting, too. But, for now, my best and most pressing need is YOU."
I looked over. "Suze? Why are you here?"
"Volunteered. I was in theater arts and education."
"How... did the kids do? You didn't mention them in mortality..."
"Males -- boys, really -- down to 15 or so, same rate as general population. Below that, for some reason, they survived with no needs. We don't know how they will do when they get older, if they will get the virus, or if they had it and are over it, or what."
"I'm a little... it's odd to ask, but... how did the younger... sort of... how did they manage to ....?"
Suze took that one. "Ejaculate? Younger? Yeah, they mentioned that..." she scrolled a little and said, "Males 17 and below experienced a high rate of spontaneous emission even without provocation. The prevalence of this was widespread the younger the person. Before puberty, no effects were observed."
"Egads, that must have been awkward..."
Pam laughed outright, a big laugh, "Red, your concept of awkward needs resetting. Sure, yes, that was awkward, I'm sure it was, and I'm sure those kids had serious problems." She sobered up and said, "Many of the older kids died.... I'm not trying to say bad things about that. OHmygod no."
She just swallowed for a minute. We all just let that sit there. There were tears in my eyes and down my cheeks.
I couldn't imagine watching a child die. There weren't words to deal with that! Fuck!
My mind couldn't wrap that, more than it could wrap the number of people of all ages who died... and the emotions shut down again. This was facts territory. Emotions don't go there. Some part of living in space prepares you for going into an emergency mode like this.
Nothing really prepares you for people you know dying.
Pam continued, "I can't deal with that right now. Awkward is the topic. I guess the biggest awkward factors were... things I saw, and did, not what other people around me were doing."
She seemed to be summarizing something she'd not thought a lot about yet. "If I was in a room, I guess, I'd just do whatever, to help people. That was an 'of course' even if it was beyond the reasonable. Like, no one ever thought, 'Hey, I gotta fuck that guy or he'll die.' That's kind of a literal thing, right? It's one thing to say, 'no way!' when it's an abstract. But, then, I saw you, you three, really, and what could I do?!?"
Her tears were streaming, but she was figuring things out as she talked. I let her talk.
"My God, there wasn't... What can you do? You're looking at someone. You know, I'm like, hey, I like them. But, they're dying. The 'They're dying? How can I help?' went from 'I have to help' to 'can it be anything else?' to 'Can't anyone else do it?'. Finally, it was 'If not me, then who?'"
I could see her point. Pam was looking back at Suze, and they stared at each other for about a minute, not saying anything.
Pam turned back to me, tears still streaming. "The only thing we could do, Suze and I, really, were the simplest things. Things we learned, quickly enough. Blowjobs were fine, but they hurt the jaw after a while. Sex was easier. Handjobs or between the boobs worked sometimes. I talked with some people who tried it up the butt when their vaginas were sore, but that phase didn't last since the ... the... " she inhaled and got businesslike, "Since the men were dying quickly, there were more women available."
Suze piped in, to take over, but said to Pam, "You said awkward... I remember, talking with you and Christine, from across the hall? About, what happens if he dies while... like, in the middle, while we're doing it? Would we be scarred forever? What's the emotional cost of that?"
This whole conversation was intensely surreal, like I was observing someone else having it.
Pam went on after a brief pause. "The fixes we knew, they weren't guaranteed to fix anything. Really, in the end, most of the time they didn't. It prolonged things, certainly -- the ones that had nothing, they died very fast. The men that are alive today, are alive because we helped them. And, the men who didn't make it, they lived longer because we did it. We... Do it, I mean, it's kind of a continuing thing, with you at least."
Pam said, "After Tipu, I kind of shut down for about 2 days. I just stared at the wall most of the time, and tried to wrap my mind around it. My dad died -- and my mom -- about the same time, too. It was too much. Then, in this room and near me, Peter. He passed sometime in that 2 days, too. I remember the screaming. We thought you'd wake up, maybe. Sometimes you stirred, or mumbled. But, no. You kept going."
She turned back to me, facing me. "Just so you know, if Tipu was your friend more than I'm aware of. I tried sitting Shiva, saying the prayers, reciting the Kaddish, but... it didn't help. It didn't help me, at least. I thought it might, but, no. I called my rabbi, I called his home. I didn't want to, but I thought maybe I could get a thought from him that might help. Turns out he'd been sick, too. He was older, so he's passed now, too, I'm sure. I haven't reached out to his wife or any of the cantors or anything, I... have to digest for a while, I think. Everyone has to digest for a while."
Pam looked vaguely Native American or Alaskan Aleut, so I was surprised by her being Jewish, but there was a lot of diversity on Ceres that one wouldn't expect on first seeing it.
I just sat quietly and tried to digest what they were saying.
Suze said, "The awkward times for most people, later at least, were when -- you know, Pam -- when you're having sex, and there's someone else in the room, or several people, and it's all just right there? You hear, from behind you, this conversation about trout or some other goddamn thing, and you're in the middle of having sex, like, feeling kind of horny and passionate, even if the person I'm with is comatose and will never know. The other people? They just keep talking, like it's nothing, most of the time, and sometimes they sit and stare, just watching. It was like, I'd be on you..."
My eyebrows must have gone up, because she nodded.
"... and someone would walk out of the other room eating a burrito or a casserole, and offer me a bite! While I was having sex! It's very, very odd, seriously odd. You? You didn't care. You were oblivious, asleep, passed out, whatever. The only part of you that was functional was your reproductive system. And, that was enough. It reacted the normal way, I presume. It even took the normal amount of time -- we looked it up. It's 5 to 7 minutes, for most adults, from penetration to ejaculation. For you, it was right about that, depending on who was on you, and how much they moved or something, I never did figure a way to speed it up any, and to be frank, it was nice enough I didn't really want it to be faster or slower, it was about right."
I shrugged and half-smiled. I couldn't control what I did while unconscious, so I didn't feel guilty, too much. A little bit guilty, I might guess, but if I'm unconscious, I can't be held to a standard. But, it all was building up, what they were saying. I'd missed out on some hugely important things in their lives, I'd caused them huge hassles, made them do things, just by being alive...
I started to cry. Little bits of me started to shake and move and break, inside, my world was... wrong. It wasn't just the girls. It was -- everything about this. It couldn't all be true. And, yet, I'd seen it. I'd lived through it.
I'd seen Anyu's body.
Anyu was a nice guy. Not the best friend a person could have. He snored, I remember, when he sometimes fell asleep on the couch in the middle of a meal. I'd kick him, he'd start awake, say, 'Oh, sorry,' finish eating, and go to bed. He worked hard, too. I'd seen him do double shifts at his job and school, doing both so he could help out his younger sister... If she was even alive. I had to hope so.
Mom... and Dad... Both gone...
I cried, and cried. Pam held me, just laying there next to me. She traded places with Suze and used the bathroom, then brought back some food for us, oatmeal with granola and some vitamin pills, and the protein cubes she said I had to have at least 5 of every time I awoke. She had some too, but made the same grimace I did when eating them. I wolfed them down with some cranberry juice that seemed both sweet and sour at the same time. I wasn't entirely sure the cranberry juice actually came from cranberries or was fabricated. Our greenhouses were extensive, but cranberry bushes were pretty diffuse and I wasn't sure that was a thing that could be grown in zog or if it needed spingrav to make the bushes do things. Technically, Ceres had gravity, just a tiny amount, so ... I didn't know nearly enough about the way the colony functioned.
I was supposed to be an engineer, a metallurgical engineer... Like My Father. Oh, damn, like my father WAS. I started crying again.
By this time, I had to use the bathroom again, just to pee, and I got some help from Suze to go. This time, the food must have been helping, because I felt stronger than I had before. I managed several steps under mostly my own weight, but it took a lot of effort, like I was lifting a heavy backpack. My legs were shaking, too, which didn't make guidance any easier. I peed and had to do it through a half-hard dick, which isn't easy but It wasn't as painful as through a full-hard one.
Brushing my teeth felt heavenly, like I was getting a brand-new mouth, and took the remaining taste of the protein cubes away.
Back to bed, and sleep. Pam was there, in the bed already, waiting, naked but covered in blankets. She didn't want to force things by turning me on. Her compassionate face didn't inspire hot-sexy to me, it told me I was cared for. So, really, the sleep was being held while I cried.
Then sleep.
I woke, some unknown number of hours later, and felt an urgency, a horniness, and my arms were draped over Pam. She started awake, smiled at me, kissed my forehead, and then my mouth. I shifted over, rubbing her chest from the side, tugging at her boobs in grateful appreciation for their softness. My groping continued, and her hands found my dick, hard, taking and stroking it softly and gently. I liked that, and moved under her fingers.
We kissed for a while, and I felt her other hand move the covers as it did things to her sex, getting herself ready I presumed.
She broke the kiss and pulled me to her, then changed her mind and turned away from me, sticking her butt against my cock. It was an odd position, but with her legs open my cock went between easily enough. Her upper leg came back behind my thighs, pulling me to her in a way. She was open, though, enough for me to reach down and find her clit was in easy reach. I knew enough to make the same small circles I'd seen the girls doing. She was plenty wet already, so I pulled my cock up and pushed in, pressing into her. She moaned and pushed back into me, and we continued.
"From behind... I haven't done this in quite a while..."
"It takes coordination," I said, "I'm not surprised."
I continued to thrust into her, gently but steadily, supporting my weight on my pillow so very little motion was required of me after all. My fingers were busy, though, and very soon I had her gasping and convulsing, then crying out "Ohhhhh OOOhhh OOOOhhh!!! OHhhh!!!" The room lights were off; I wasn't sure where Suze was, but if she was asleep before, she wouldn't be after that noise, I thought.
Her orgasm kept going, though, as did my hand motion, and she just kept peaking and peaking. My cock was getting a throbbing from the inside, pulses just kept going, and my ear was a little sore from the yells, but it was damned sexy, and I shot SPURT right into SPURt that wonderful CUNT SPURT filling her OHH yes Cunt yes so good Spurt.... Wow... I didn't SPURT convulse shudder I SPURT am still coming SPURT oh, my vision is getting thin SPURT wow that's fantastic Uuuuuugggg wow Spurt shudder move, move, twitch, relax, twitch, relax, breathe again SPURT ohmygod great yum oh.... Relax....
We lay there side by side, spooning, and she shifted her hips a little to show me she knew where I was. I knew, too. My cock subsided slightly, and I pulled out very deliberately because I didn't really want to do it again right away and if I just kept it there, I might want to do it again.
Sleep.
== ==
When I awoke, it wasn't Pam, it was Suze. She was where Pam had been, only we were faced the other way, with her behind me.
I had to pee a little, but her boobs were on my back, her arm was over my chest and hugging me, and it was ... nice.
I shifted, and she came awake. I said, "I have to pee, but then, maybe. How long has it been?"
She said, I could tell through a smile, "For me or you, hot stuff?"
I laughed, "For me. How long was I sleeping?"
"Maybe 4 hours, I think. I've been here about that, and I think Pam tapped my shoulder after you finished. She wanted to go check on her sister."
"Oh, I didn't know."
"Yeah, I've met her. Annie. She's a year younger, I think she's just turned 18, a senior in high school. They're quite a ways away, off Northwest of here and up 12 levels, pretty light territory, not as much spingrav, think it's 75 [percent] or so."
"You met her?"
"Briefly. She came here a while back to give Pam the news in person, about their parents. Pam knew already, they were listed on the official roster, but... still, it was nice of her to come. They spent some time walking, off and on, the first week, on stadium level, quarter-grav, it's less crowded up there."
"I need to pee, can we ...?"
"Oh, sure."
She got up and helped me to the main bathroom, and promised after we'd walk and eat.
I knelt, stood, then stumble-walk to the bathroom for both reasons, followed by stripping and getting into the shower.
Suze got in the next shower over (open as they were) and hosed herself off, in between helping me shift around and get my whole-self washed up.
We ate breakfast, in the form of link-sausages, eggs, fakinbacon, and cheese on a toasted bagel. I stuffed it all in, I was seriously hungry. Looking down my body, I was more than slightly emaciated. I had to ask.
She said, "We gave you the minimum doses of the cubes, but you were sweating a lot. I think your metabolism sped up, too. We tried giving you more, even some rich pudding-desert, but the results of that were disastrous. You pooped the bed and we had to clean up the massive chemical spill of yuck in the shower water since the laundry operations were shut down. They're back up now, but still, that was a huge mistake."
"I'm ... I'm just really sorry I gave you all such a hard time."
She dismissed it, "Your body did stuff. You didn't do anything. You were comatose. Your body had interesting reactions to things. We could tickle you, and you'd laugh and then snore. Tickle, laugh, snore, tickle, laugh, snore. It was pretty fun for a while until it got old."
We were sitting at the kitchen table, the room lights on full. I was wearing underwear, but I knew I had a boner. I said, "I think I'm... interested in... you."
"Right. You done with breakfast?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Then off to the races it is."
She came around and pulled me up. My legs were achy already, but I managed to stand and walk/shuffle back to the mattress, where she laid me down and took off my shirt and underwear. She stripped off hers, too. I'd seen her in the shower, but mostly was concentrating on getting clean, for some stupid reason. Her breasts were on the larger side, maybe a fist-width away from her ribcage, pert, and lovely, with upward-looking large nipples on tiny areolas. I could almost taste them, just looking at them. I wanted to hold and caress, but then I noticed that below her crenulated ribcage, she'd taken all of her pubic hair completely off.
Now, there's two ways to take off hair -- scissors (or a razor, if you're ancient), or hairgone cream. The thing about hairgone is that not only does it remove hair, it inhibits the future growth of hair for a month or so. It makes for super-smooth skin, but if you use too much, hair on other parts of your body starts falling off, too. I only mention this because she didn't have hair on her legs, either, which some people do on purpose, but I'd heard it was sometimes because girls used too much cream on their pubic regions.
I asked her about it as she disrobed, if it was accidental. It wasn't something guys usually talked about with girls, but I honestly wanted to know, and I figured we were being pretty open with each other, nakedness and all, I could get away with asking it.
She said quite frankly, "Oh, that came off the first day." Her getting into bed next to me interrupted her, and I enjoyed the beautiful feeling of her bare skin on mine. "I was in a classroom for the GA. It was the required Station Ops-and-Tech-233 class. I've always hated those classes, at least until the GA. I know, they're important, but I never thought I'd actually need any of the information they were drilling into us. It's the 233, right? Low level means I put it off until now, and I'm in college, I should've taken a lot more credits than this, so they stuck me in the class, mandatory, or you're paying more tuition next semester. Of course, I do it... but, Ug. You know. So, my class section is at the same time as men's water polo, so all the guys are off playing, and the class is mostly women."
Water polo was big stuff, colony-wide. Competition was fierce. The most sought-after and fun league was the third-grav version. The light weight and slow settling time made it different game, a lot more strategy from where the waves where and where you could jump and do flips out of the water.
While she was talking, she was lying on her side, one leg over mine, her shoulder tucked into my armpit. Instead of lying on her left arm, it was stretched down and between her legs. A little of that arm's motion translated to me, and though I couldn't see it, I was imagining what she was doing as she talked.
"So, there we were, big class, you know? Required? There must have been 100 people in that auditorium, maybe only 15 were men, though. Some of the first-years had super-high-drama levels, freaking out about the GA and everything, or utterly dismissing it as trivial and one of those stupid dweeb-engineer things. The biohazard part got their attention, though. So, anyway, a lot of these girls are super-judgemental surface types, right? Their hair is always perfect, you know, 'Ah, I'm Amaaaaaayzing!' types. The there I was, medium-effort hair and zero cosmetic alterations, and sporting a giant, 'Pubic Fuzz-Monster That Ate Jupiter' snatch-thatch. We had to strip down, of course, and we did, and there was soooo much looking around, you know, under the eyebrows looking around, then innocent 'Just looking up disinterestedly' attempted-vibes. Now, granted, I'm almost never naked with anyone... or, I wasn't, so, you know."
She shifted up, lifting up to kiss me, a smile on her lips and obvious caring in her eyes. She'd kissed me before, I could tell. I didn't remember it, but I knew she'd kissed me by the ease she had doing it.
After the kiss, she breathed a little and said, "Ha-auhh! Well... yeah, that's different! You ... kissed back. Hey-boy, is it, I can see. I, uh..." she inhaled and exhaled slowly, "...I like it! mmMMmm."
I had to chuckle a little, "Yeah, well, I like it, too. I'm getting the feeling you're repeating moves on me you've done before."
She was quick, "OH, Yeah, DUH, of course. Absolutely! I put together a set of moves, I had to. It can't be spontaneous when it's that frequent. I wasn't assigned here early, I was brought in as relief. There's a couple of other gals who gave me respite, too, but you had... I think maybe 10 handlers? The ones that were respite-care official, at least. There were quite a few others as they shifted around duty assignments and people moved into fields they wanted, or something there was a desperate need for."
My hand stroked her breast, pressed against my chest, so she moved it out a little, giving me access. My other hand had just been playing with her back.
"...Soooo, the whole point of this was? Right, snatch-thatch. I had a cubic meter of it. These other girls, didn't have any, like, clean... like I am now, sort of. We looked each other over pretty good and separated out who had stripes and who didn't. That turned out to not matter one whit, but we didn't know that at the time. I decided then and there, though, a clean slate it was going to be. I even did my leg hair, I wanted to be smooth for... for anything that happened. And, it did. First off, I headed for my Mom's place. She wasn't feeling well, and we thought it was just having to be up all night. She was so worried about my little brother, Herve, but then I got there, and my older sister, like, within minutes of each other, and she could relax. It didn't help, though. She told us she loved us, and then went to bed. She never woke up."
I was still stroking her back. We were silent for a moment.
Her hand paused its small motions on my penis, and then started again, again businesslike. "You, sir, need to make some white stuff, and I've got just the body parts to do it."
She put a leg over me, backwards, like she was going for 69, but then dipped down and sucked on my cock a little, just to get it wet. Rising and moving, she finished her turn to face my feet. "Do you mind this? I've kind of gotten to like it."
Shrugging and loving the idea, I said, "Sure, go ahead." I had no personal experience with reverse-cowgirl. It might be fun....
I wasn't wrong.
She pulled me forward and lowered herself onto me, then started pumping her butt up and down. I watched as my cock went in and out of her, all of it very visible, going in and coming out, from that angle.
Interestingly, as she pulled up, I could even see her labial lips being dragged a little outward with the motion. Settling into a motion, she slowed down and took just the head in her, bending over to make it rub some part of her, inside, I thought. As she did, going slowly, I was fascinated to see the head of my cock while it was still inside her, making her skin near the exit bulge out a little, and stopping right before it popped out. She rode me steadily, shifting to a more calmly-seated straight up and down motion, coming down increasingly hard as time went on.
Between my legs, I could feel her hand on her clit since sometimes it bumped the shaft of my cock. These bumps got more frequent as she got closer to coming. She knew what she needed, and she got it.
My arms grabbed her hips, and my butt and back were able to lift her slightly during this, though it may have been her lifting herself up and me just flexing up to meet her. I could feel all of her insides, including the little tickle at the tip of my cock as I bottomed out, where it was bumping either into her cervix or just the end of her vagina. She kind of grunted with that happened, in a happy way, so I knew I wasn't causing her pain.
She gyrated when she came, calling out guttural yells of pleasure and twisting, each convulsion shaking her whole body and compressing in distinct, strong grabs on my penis even more than it already had been. This was too much for me, so I pulled her back on top of me, holding her tightly around her chest, her legs flying free in the air briefly before her heels planted on the bed beside my knees and her butt slid around on my cock to drive herself onto me further.
Convulsing and coming, and coming, and coming, I pumped her full of jizz, even so I could feel it squish a little as I went in. I didn't care much, this was a distant thing to notice, mostly my attention was on the sensations of pumping-jism cock in hot grippy cunt, sliding, and sliding, and sliding in small fits and starts as we tried to get even more tightly together.
She eventually slowed down the jerking, though I went longer, my cock continuing to pump and spurt even after most of my orgasm was done, like a sneeze that comes as almost a surprise but not quite, repeatedly.
We lay, quietly, enjoying post-coital bliss, just breathing and living in the moment, staring at the nothing that was the ceiling.
After a while, I heard a knock on the outer door, a soft one but insistent as a two sets of 3 raps.
I knew I didn't know anyone. I asked Suze, "Expecting someone?
"No..."
She shifted off me, pulling me out as she moved, and slid to the side, then pulled the sheets and covers over us. The clock said 2pm, so it was mid-day, a reasonable time to visit or expect a visit.
Suze called out, "Come in!"
The door opened, away from us, so I couldn't see who it was, but I heard a voice I recognized, "Hey... Red? Are you... Red?"
It was my sister! "Daf! Dafne! COME IN!!! OHMYGOD!"
She came all the way in and saw me in bed, and Suze beside me. She was so excited, I think, that she didn't even think about why I was in bed, she just ran over (okay, you couldn't run in the room, too small, but to her credit the 4 steps were very fast), jumping down and sprawling on top of me, hugging me and holding me so tight. She was instantly crying, and I was, too.
The holding and crying lasted a least a couple of minutes. I noticed that Suze was rubbing Daf's back.
Dafne pushed up, away from me, and sat back, "You're not getting up... Are you... handicapped?"
I laughed, "No, I've just been comatose for weeks and my body's weak. I can move everything. I'm feeling strong at the moment, I might try to stand..."
Suze was about to say something, and I realized too late that I was naked and kind of sticky. Suze didn't address that, she just rolled out of the bed the other way and instantly tried bending over to pick me up so I could stand.
Daf, to her credit (and I realized what was happening AFTER I'd already gone past the point of no return with the sheet sliding off), glanced down, did a double-take at both my body and Suze's, and then looked up, meeting my eyes in a 'I'm not looking at that, I'm not looking at that... I'm still not looking...' mode.
My standing up operation, begun with a lot of enthusiasm, almost didn't succeed, but Daf and Suze lifted me under the arms and got me standing, then steadied me as I managed to lock my legs enough to be vertical. I was happy. "See? I can stand up. Not perfect yet, but getting stronger. I'm not damaged, I'm just a little weak."
Suze cleared her throat and said, "Uh... you're definitely In Working Order, if that's what you mean." She was nodding downward and indicating with her eyes that we both were naked.
"Oh, Daf. This is Suze. We're... kind of ... "
"Naked, I got that. There's a lot of that going around. I tried to go help with the guy next door, but he already had help, and ... yeah, he ... passed. So, I ... I'm just so glad to see you. Uh, ... not all of you, but... you know. You can stand?"
"Only... small bits. Gotta... this is tiring." I looked over at the chair, tilting my head to it, "Let's shift me over there. I can sit up and not need so many reinforcements."
They took me over, though I walked, almost, taking a lot of the weight myself but I was still jittery like after a long workout when your muscles just quiver instead of staying still.
They sat me down, then pulled up the sofa in front of me.
I glanced down and saw my penis wasn't at full-inflated anymore, it was down to semi-normal size, though it was glistening. Looking at Suze while she was hauling the couch over, I saw a drip of cum going all the way down her leg. After they got the sofa over (a plastic-sort-of seat on it wouldn't absorb anything, but still), I said, "Suze? Towel's over..."
"Got it."
She had the choice of putting it over the seat or wrapping it around herself. She made the wiser choice, I think, of just putting it on the seat. Daf had seen naked girls before, I presumed. It was near her birthday, for that matter... What date was it? I tried to think.
"Daf, what date is it? Is it your birthday yet?"
"Yep! Just turned, 19 last week. I thought 18 was cool. Nineteen is better - they let me work on the Boxcutter scoopers... before this, anyway. Going strong." She looked at me, and at Suze, and put some things together. "Uh... You were having sex, weren't you?"
"Suze has to help me out, 4 to 6 hour schedule, so, yah."
"Oh, I know about that stuff. I just wondered if you ... " she changed her mind about what she was going to say and just finished with, "...I'm glad you're all right. My God, everyone. You... Know, right? Mom and Dad?"
"Yes. Suze just told me. It's been a day."
"You only found out TODAY?"
"I've been asleep for a long time, Daf, what, 3 weeks? I just really woke up yesterday."
Daf was shaking her head, "The med report said, for the longest time, just the word, 'under care; indeterminate'. I knew as long as it wasn't 'deceased' you were alive, and I prayed and prayed. Then, yesterday, it changed, I know because I was checking like... a lot. It changed to, 'under care; responsive'. I was SOOOOOO happy! I just can't..." she was crying again.
"I know, Daf. I know." I looked at her; her face looked older, somehow, pained, with dark circles under her eyes. "We can't really have a funeral, can we?"
"Maybe later. They say we should plan out a memorial service for between 6 and 18 months from now, but make it very simple, since everyone will be having them." She looked over at Suze, then at me again, and stood up.. "It's not right. I'm ... hold on."
Quick as a light, she reached behind her, then pulled off her entire shirt and bra in one move, then pushed down her pants and underwear in the next move.
I was too surprised to do anything but look at her like she was crazy. "Uhhh...."
"You're both sitting here naked. I'm not naked. I think there are conventions now, like, rules or something. This isn't just me -- I read it! So, like, naked is okay, wherever, but if everyone around you is naked, it's impolite to keep your clothes on."
She looked at us for confirmation, but I was just fascinated, so I asked her for details.
She said, "Oh, I read this all on someone's splat-post, you know, out to everyone? She said, part of the issue is that, let's say there's a guy there, and he's out of it, or maybe not, either way, and he's erect, that means he needs... 'respite', she called it. We know what that means. So, the guy needs it, and so someone has to help out, 'cuz it's medical, right? If someone just notices, or if the guy is there and awake and announces it, it's like, there no time to get in the mood, or whatever. So, things get complicated. Plus, what if he's comatose and the room is small, you know? So, people can't leave? Then everyone has to kind of adjust to help the person doing the hard work to feel more at home and comfortable."
Suze said, "Exactly. It's not fair to the person doing the work. They're the only one undressed. It makes the good thing they're doing harder, or more of a burden or embarrassing."
They nodded at each other.
My sister sat down on the couch next to Suze.
I'd just made love, I know I was supposedly tapped out from that, but, still, it was mighty odd to have my own SISTER naked near me. Egads. My dad would have freaked out.
I thought about what she said. Of course, it made sense, but it was still surprising. I'd thought about Dafne as an adult for a long time, she was always more mature than me even though I was a year-and-a-bit older, and I respected her opinion.
Dafne was also super-practical, about so many things, but I knew there was a streak of romanticism hiding underneath it, dreaming things could be a different way, and putting off decisions because she was looking for 'perfect'.
It was like when she went in for pilot training, to run surface transports (remote control, usually). She wanted to work on the big boats, heavier lifters, but they told her she was starting with a firefly suitcase-drone. She was really disappointed, but after she had ten minutes on a real one and saw how it all worked? She was Go For Launch on that stuff.
Her part time job had turned from an idle fantasy to a way to make cash while she was studying academic stuff.
Suze didn't help things. She said, "Okay, so, you're his sister. I've got to say, you've got a pretty hunky brother."
Dafne didn't exactly respond to that. She looked down, took a breath, and looked up again with a more considered eye, looking at me, her eyes scanning me from foot to head and back again, pausing a long while at my crotch, I saw. I looked down to see what she was looking at.
To be fair, I was sitting in a chair straight up with my feet on the floor and my back against the back of the chair. So, I wasn't hiding much. My almost- but extended-flacid penis was laying across my leg right out there and visible, complete with a little sheen from being damp. Under it were my balls, larger than normal, I could see that.
My legs were together tightly, holding them framed because I'd sat down carefully to make sure of that. One thing a guy knows how to do is guard how they sit so they don't hurt their balls, it's a universal truth.
Daf responded to Suze, saying, "You're asking if he's hunky, if I think he's 'hunky'. Now? muscles-wise, not really at all. Used to be lots bigger." Her head-tilt wince told me she was telling me a hard truth. Looking back at Suze, she continued, "He looks kind of sickly, actually. His hair is weird, it's usually in a part, or it was, now it's short. His face looks drawn, like he's tired. His whole body looks strained to be where it is, like it's older or something."
Suze looked at me, then paused and agreed, nodding. She said, "I can agree there, but... I have to disagree, too. You're... his sister. You wouldn't get this. But, I've... made love with him a lot now, and I like his parts. They're very... tasty? Sorry, but it's kinda the truth."
I looked at Daf as she was talking, at all of her. She was shorter than I was, and had a darker version of the red hair that gave me my nickname. Her skin was still very fair and had some freckles, even down on her breasts where I didn't remember seeing them when she was very young. I said, "Daf? I don't think I've seen you since you were ... a long time ago, that's for sure."
Daf smiled at me, "And?" Fishing for compliments with an eye-sparkle wasn't lost on me.
"You're beautiful, I'll say." I decided to be a bit forward, "Stand up a second."
She pursed her lips like this was rude, but then stood and crossed her arms under her chest and stood on one leg like this was all just wrong.
I laughed, "You gave my penis a big stare, I can stare at you, too."
She rolled her eyes and shrugged one shoulder, "Guess so."
I looked at her breasts. They were on the smaller/closer-in side, still normal range A-cups maybe, but aesthetically, they fit her form. Her left one was slightly higher than her right -- maybe it sagged less, or it could have been the way she was standing.
Looking down her torso, she had muscles, and though her abs weren't 'cut', she was trim and fit. Her legs dented in places, the muscles there were defined enough for me to notice. I remembered that she liked running on the over-Earth-grav track. They made the high school runners work out there sometimes. It was a special track that went all the way around the hab. You could run one direction and get heavier and run the other way and get lighter. We used to have races there when we were little, I remembered.
Coming out of my memories, I looked up her legs again and noticed she hadn't trimmed her bush. It was still a really large amount of hair, a giant dark-orange fuzzball between her legs, though I could see a puffy cleft there under it all since I wasn't more than 2 meters away. I wondered if she would trim it now or not.
I looked up, and saw her looking at my face, at my eyes, and she had this kind of exasperated expression that almost eye-rolled into, "Boys!"
I half-laughed, and she got confused, so I said, "You noticed I was staring at your bush, and you were disgusted that I was looking. I've looked at a lot of girls, now, I think? Numerically, maybe, I have. So, I can look at you and compare now, and, I think, you're pretty nice looking. Probably doesn't mean much coming from me, I mean, I'm your brother so I'm biased. But, as much as I'd like to tease you, I'm going to tell you the truth, too? I think I can, at least." I looked her in the eyes encouragingly, "It looks like you've been running, at least... Any guy would look at you and say, cool, and be happy about being near you."
"Duh! And, I had a boyfriend, and Craig had a penis, too. I liked it. I liked him. I ... Loved him...."
I didn't want her to get sad, so I decided to tease her a little, "Well, he must have liked your boobs. I like your boobs. They're very nice boobs. Suze, what do you think? Nice boobs? Too big? Too small?"
"Ooooohhhh NOOOO, I'm not going there." Suze waved me off. "She's fine, you're fine, we're all fine."
Daf laughed at that one, a smile crossing her face.
I said, "Sit down, Daf, I'm sorry I asked. You're beautiful the way you are. Your breasts are... fun to look at. I mean, I... I like them, and I like your body, and I like your brain, and I like that you're my sister, and I love you for being my sister, and it's all okie-dokie."
She said, "Nothing wierdo about your brother evaluating your boobs, is there, Suze?"
"Don't bring me into this."
Daf and I both laughed, and Suze laughed with us.
It was a moment of levity in a day that was beyond sad otherwise. I could almost not... I pushed the thoughts from my mind of the people gone. I had to concentrate on the now. The now was, I was tired, just sitting up. And, a bit hungry, too. "Suze, do we have any... cereal, or something? Something quick and easy? I'm tired, but I'm also hungry..."
"Let me look."
As she got up, I watched the dents in her butt, the movement of muscle beneath skin. She was really pretty nice looking. I thought, "I just stuck my dick in that, and it was fun!"
Daf said, "You really are a serious horn-dog now, aren't you."
I turned back to her, "Kinda, yeah. It's hard not to be. And, she's beautiful. Not quite as beautiful as you, Daf, but beautiful." I was lying -- Suze was objectively quite a bit prettier than Daf, but it seemed like the right thing to say. "It's even harder to not be horny all the time when this thing kinda does that to me."
Daf nodded, understanding. She'd ignored the beautiful comment, though I was waiting for something. I think she didn't want to address relative beauty. We were talking on the surface because we both had giant holes in our life we couldn't address.
Soft tapping on the door sounded, 'Tap-Tap-Tap'. Daf and I looked at one another. I sighed.
Someone was knocking on the door. I realized I couldn't cover myself, so just went with it and said, "Come in?"
A face peeked in. It was Davida! She was wearing a full, regulation MedOfficer uniform, all proper and buttoned up and spit-polished. She walked in, and right behind her, a gal dressed as a nurse who I hadn't met.
"Davida!" I exclaimed, smiling up at her.
"RED! You are alive! My God, it's good to see you!" They came in and closed the door behind them. The room wasn't that big, so they had to step around, but Davida came over to me and gave me a hug as best she could, then took a knee in front of me. "You seem thinner. You've lost some muscle mass, too." She turned back to her companion, "Mary -- get this down, okay?"
Mary, behind her, nodded, unslinging her backpack and pulling out a pad with a small pen-microphone. She tapped some things, looked at me, asked me my name, ID number, birthdate, what day it was, some math problems I remembered easily, and wrote down all the answers.
Davida had me do some physical stuff -- touch your nose, squeeze my fingers, wiggle toes, that kind of thing. I noticed Daf sitting behind (we'd shifted a little) and wondered if she'd make fun of me, but she didn't. I saw tears streaming down her face, but she didn't look that sad.
The questions were fast and interesting -- troubles with anything, hunger, sensations, blurry vision or nausea, anything, but I was mostly okay and said so. The frequency of ejaculation and volume, those were odd questions, but she rattled them off like she asked everyone, and I figured then that she must be doing just that. I described what I'd felt, and that it seemed okay.
She asked me to stand, and Mary stood beside me to lift me, but Daf came around, too, and lifted up on my arms. My sister's naked body against mine, I thought. Well then, that was something.
Davida's hands roamed over my body, pressing this and that, lifting my leg and setting it down in a wider stance. Her hands went up my leg and pressed in on my lymph nodes at the front inside of my hip, but then quickly moved on -- to my dick. She pulled it, felt its girth, and got very close to it, looking up close.
"Is this different? I don't remember you being this large before..."
"I wasn't. I woke up and sometime while I was asleep I'm sure it changed. It's larger than it was - I think I was sort of average, before, but now it's almost to my belly-button, so longer. Significantly thicker, too, when I'm erect. I notice these things. And, my balls... my testes, are bigger, definitely, but I noticed that almost the first day or two."
"That was viral inflammation and seminal fluid overproduction. This..." She felt my balls, very gently rotating them slightly and rubbing over the surface of each ball under my skin, "...this is actual tissue growth."
"Will I get smaller again?"
Davida laughed, "Like I know that?!?" She paused and took a breath. "Normally, if someone had asked me, 'Will my testes shrink, ever?' I'd say 'Hell, No!' and you don't want them to. It generally doesn't happen, even with age. Some drugs can do it, but you don't want them. No, you're seeing your new normal, I'm pretty sure."
Daf felt good to me, by my side. I liked being able to hug her, even if it was a pro-forma side-hug where she was technically just letting me stand. I pulled her to me a little tighter, as an appreciative thing, and she did the same back, as best she could.
Davida said, "You can sit, now. Please."
Mary and Daf sat me down again. Davida's playing with my balls and cock had gotten me inflated again. Mary asked, "How long since your last respite?"
Suze, through a mouthful of cereal from the kitchen area where she was watching, said, "Uh, Hold one..." She looked at the clock, thought, and said, "2 hours, 37 minutes, give or take."
I didn't know it'd been that long.
She continued, "He doesn't usually come up again this fast. Might be the manipulation."
Davida smiled, "I'm confident it is, plus a little bit of the nudity. But, we'd like a sperm sample, if we can get one. Think that's possible, Red?"
Suze spoke from the other side of the room, laughing heartily, "I'm all cleaned up, you won't find remnants from the last one. At least, I hope I'm cleaned up!"
They all laughed, and then Daf said, "Hey, now, gotta chime in here -- I'm not collecting one, either! A sister gets to bow out on that one." She stood up and backed away from me, hands-off and in the air, then laughed and went over to sit on the couch, enjoying the discussion.
Davida waved them off, still chuckling, "No. That's fine. Mary is trained, and she volunteered. You'd need to wear a condom, Red. Or, it can be a blowjob, up to you. Mary might do special requests, but only in an emergency."
It was my turn to laugh at them, "Nothing kinky. I'm not into buttplay, everyone can relax."
They all laughed. My sister pantomimed suddenly getting stuck in the butt with something and saying "Oooff!" in a high-pitched squeaky voice. Everyone burst out laughing again.
Mary turned to me and looked down at her device, a large-format pad, and then went down on one knee, acting very serious. Her head was right next to my ear, but faced away from the others. She looked down at her pad again, obviously consulting it.
So quietly I could barely hear her even so close, she said, "If you want to, Davida has the right to order anyone, literally any person on Ceres, to have sex with you. The ethics clauses were suspended in the Emergency Declaration... You were asleep for that, I think. So, if you want, I can tell her that I claim Right of Random Chance. That gives Davida, as the senior medical person present, the obligation to choose randomly from all women present, or to pull in someone you might favor from outside, provided it doesn't take too long for them to get here. OR, she can fix the game, though, and choose who you want. Her pad is private, so she can decide on whom she wishes and call it random. If you still want me to, I will, it's not a problem, I'll enjoy it. There's no downside for me or you, really. I can simply say that we knew each other in our lives before, and that I didn't realize it until I saw you. If you understand, blink twice with your left eye where they can't see it."
I blinked twice. I hadn't decided yet, but I did understand.
"Good. If you want me, definitely, blink once. If someone else, twice."
I thought about it. I did have a choice, but I was thinking about the numbers game. A 2% survival rate for men made for desperate times coming up for women. Setting a precedent wouldn't be bad. It would give us options later. I looked at her and blinked twice, out of eyeshot of anyone.
She smiled, "I'm going to name them, you blink twice when it's the right person. Suze?... No, Davida? No... Ah, your sister?" I blinked twice.
She said, "This might cause some uproar. You might ruin your relationship with her by doing this. I'd like to know what your reasoning is. Can you whisper it to me?" She moved her head to the side so her head was blocking the view for everyone, and put her ear right over my mouth.
I whispered, "She will never have access to a man unless it's me, the numbers won't allow it. One man for how many women? Can't work. If this is forced on us, I think she can cope, and later, maybe a long time later, she'll have me as an option when she has no other... companionship."
She moved back and whispered, "Got it. Compassion. I'm going to seem mad at you now, but I'm not really. You understand? It will help, I think."
Putting my head next to her ear again, I said, "I'm not sure about this, but I think it's probably the best thing. I have a better plan, fake anger, a brother idea. I'm going to tell you your brother was a fucking asshole scumbag. Then, you tell people your brother is dead. Proceed as planned."
She moved back. This whole conversation had taken all of a single minute, maybe two. We'd spoken very fast. She stood up staring at me, arms on hips, like I'd said something wrong. She said, loudly, sounding genuinely angry with me, "Take that back!"
I said, almost calm but determined and bringing out some hostility, "Not going to happen. Your brother was an EPIC asshole. Total FUCKING LOSER, buttmunch asswipe! You? You're fine. Him? NO! Being dead does not make him a saint."
"You're the asswipe!"
She was crying now. I think she was thinking about it as if I had really insulted her actual brother -- who I had no idea about. She was a good actress; she sounded seriously upset.
I got a little worried, then steeled my face and gaze like I didn't care if she suffered because of my insults. "I'm sorry, I don't want to hurt you, but he hurt me. So, I'm telling the truth here."
She grunted in anger and walked over to Davida, facing her and away from the others in the room. She mouthed the word 'sister', then said in a convincingly angry voice, "I claim Right of Random Chance. I cannot, no way."
Davida sighed.
The other girls stood, waiting.
My sister said, "No! No!"
Suze said, "But! Wait! I'll..."
Davida said, "Stop." She held her hands up, like she'd already made up her mind, "I've got limited options here. I have to choose randomly, it's been called out. Any other option opens me to an ethics charge. I even have to include myself in the pool to pick from, since I'm female." She tapped on her pad, then looked up. She pointed at Mary and said, "You. Out. We may or may not use your services again. Go."
Mary left the room, crying more or less for real. I hoped to set the record straight with her eventually, to find out if she made it okay.
Davida's manner was stern to the point of being almost mean. Pointing at Suze, she said, "Numbering off, first. Suze Renolander, you're Zero... Dafne Anne Dunbar, One. Davida Jesse Marisson, myself, Two. The First female I grab outside that door, Three."
Towards her pad and tapping on it in various places, she said, "MedOfficer Secondary log, file with Judicial Reviews, appellate branch. Random Choice ordered for patient Red Dunbar. He is hereby enjoined under Emergency Medical order 33 to submit to survival respite for purposes of seminal sample collection. Partner is RandomChoice from among previous designations. Penalty class C Felony for noncompliance. Random choice now commencing. Randomizer chosen. Result is..." She tapped twice. "Dafne Ann Dunbar." She hesitated only a moment and said to her pad, "Be it known this is the patient's blood relative sister, biological female, age...?"
Dafne had screamed slightly at hearing her name as the chosen one. Very afraid, but not horror stricken, she said, "19, ma'am."
I had gasped, also, and looked concerned at everyone, then rubbed my face like this was uncomfortable, which was easy, because it was.
Davida said, "...Age 19. Condoms provided for medical collection of semen sample. Daphne. Collection is to commence as soon as practicable. To reduce chances of a tear in the condom, I instruct you to avoid oral contact with the patient's genitalia. Suze Renolander, you are to act as door guard and prevent entry. You shall also verify that respite assistance is provided per my orders by checking in at intervals."
She turned back to Dafne. "Dafne, place the collected sample -- the filled condom -- in this plastic bag and bring it to the address on the bag. Do not delay. If it is not turned in by 1 hour, 45 minutes from now, you will be under sanction and subject to arrest, imprisonment, lashes, or being vacked, subject to the whim of the presiding judge, who is not a kind person when it comes to noncompliance, mistreatment, or non-treatment of men."
Dafne looked very scared all of a sudden.
"Again, Suze, you're the door guard. Allow no one in the room besides yourself until Dafne exits with the sample. Clear?"
"Yes, ma'am." Suze looked kind of scared, like she'd heard about this kind of thing and it didn't end well.
Davida walked over to me and said, "Red. I will contact you later with the results of your tests." She sighed, "I'm sorry it has to be this way, but sometimes we have to be very formal, and this is definitely one of those times... Be well, and if there are any difficulties with any part of your situation, please let me know."
"Thank you." I didn't know what else to say.
She left the room. As soon as she did, I heard her say in the hallway, "Mary. Follow me. Stay close. We have paperwork." The door closed automatically behind her and the noise from the hallway faded.
The three of us were alone. No one said anything.
Suze started to get dressed, and as she did, she broke the silence. She said, "Uh, I have to do two things. I have to make sure you comply, but I have to do it from outside the door. So...? Uh... I guess I'll just open the door, and listen, every couple of minutes. When you're ready, you say, 'come in', I peek through and see, and that's the start, but ... " she hesitated... "I have to make sure you get respite. So... show me the condom when you're done?"
Daf looked at her. "Fine." It obviously wasn't fine.
Suze finished pulling on her boots and nodded at us, a thin smile /grimace added to a determined and somewhat serious look in her eye. She walked out the door, pulling it shut behind her as she faced outwards.
I was left sitting in the chair, naked, with an erection, with Daf standing half a room away, also naked and facing the door. She turned around, pulling one arm across her chest like she was suddenly aware of being naked.
We both were silent for a couple of moments, but I had to break the silence, "Uh... I need to get out of this chair, and ... my legs don't work so well..."
She huffed a little, and nodded, "Yeah, okay." Her nod turned into a head roll of accepting, get-this-over-with, and she came over to me. I could lift my weight off the chair with my arms, but only to sit on the edge of the seat. She bent down and wrapped her arms around my torso, my arms around her neck, and she lifted me up to standing. That process put my boner right into her abdomen. She flinched a little, but then just went with it and stepped with me over to the bed.
I was using my legs as best I could, and I had some strength, but she was still pulling up on my torso and guiding me.
Her breasts were pressed into me tightly as she moved me, and I could hear her breathing hard below my ear (she was shorter). She got me next to the bed at least.
I said, "Set me down and let me fall a..."
She tripped over the mattress and we both fell onto the bed, me on my back and her on top of me. I banged my head against hers as we hit and the conk probably sounded in both our heads.
We both said, "OW!" in unison.
After a moment, I started laughing, and she did, too. I was under her, partially sideways to the mattress and my head slightly off of it, her body partly crossways to mine with one of her arms uncomfortably under my back and her body turned. She tried lifting up, but couldn't, since it turned out the other leg was under mine, too.
We got untangled, slowly, gruntingly, but in the process her face came in right over mine, sideways to me. I bent my head up and kissed her lips, that being the only part of her that was reachable. She grunted at me, surprised, but then leaned down again and kissed me back. It was an odd angle, for sure, but we kept moving. I kept my eyes shut. This was a girl I'd seen my whole life. The last time I'd seen her was when I lived at home, and we were constantly in each other's way, contending for bathroom space and access to the one shower, waiting. I'd seen her naked, then.
Our culture, Ceres culture, as I've said, was very private. That doesn't mean that we didn't see each other naked as a family. Living in a small one-room, 4-cub space (the 4th cub was storage, it was just my parents, my sister and I in the place) -- you couldn't avoid seeing things. Our clothes locker/cabinets were outside the cubs, so of course I saw everyone without clothes on. But, we didn't stare, we didn't comment, and we did not show many emotions if we could avoid it. Some parts of growing up on Ceres were very restrictive, I felt, a little irrationally so.
I felt this way even more as a teenager when I read the books of great 20th and 21st century authors, and they talked about living in big houses, with lots of land around them. Even the apartments in the cities that they considered small were huge by our standards.
The size and mass equations change the economics, I figured. The steel cost so much, the structural aluminum beams, all the alloys so carefully mixed and die-cast.
Why was I thinking about this while ... while she had moved down and put my mouth closer to her nipple? Or, was it my hands that pushed her there? Licking around it, sucking this glorious, pert, orange teat into my lips, I pushed in with my hands to be able to grab its full size and compress it into my mouth. I pulled suction with the back of my mouth and opened wide, pulling the nipple way in, along the top of my mouth where the back of my tongue could get to it. Then, massaging with my hands and trying to pull more vacuum with my throat, I massaged the nipple and sucked deep.
First, she had said something barely intelligible, like, "Oh... Hey... Uh... oh, wow, you're... Oh, interesting...." I heard her moan deep and long, then, and a shudder went through her body. My other hand went around her back and pulled her to me, pressing in on the soft skin of the small of her back, rubbing up her trim ribcage, and then down again, towards her butt, slowly, touching and enjoying the soft skin with fingertips. I knew I'd end up tickling her, so I went back to the flat of my hand, down and over the soft half-sphere of her butt, my middle finger finding the crevice between her butt and the top of her leg and diving inwards along that crevice to find the slightly-rougher section, pubic hair tickling lightly my fingers.
My hand had found her sex, and was busy, but my mouth had found her innermost teat. That is, the inside softer part just behind the nipple, the support and firmer area filled with a different compression of ductwork to bring milk from the glands to a baby's mouth. I'd read about it in Sex Ed class and some works on the way the breast was anatomically structured. My mouth was like that baby's mouth right then, pulling her in and compressing it, and making her utterly shudder ("Udderly"? "Udderly shudderly?")(my brain was doing odd things in that moment).
Below her breast, then below her butt, my hand roamed further, pulling along her sex, rubbing over her outer lips and vulva, up and over, then down and around, avoiding the clitoral head but pressing the clitoral body and rapidly-inflating corpus cavernosa under the skin. I remembered the lecture on clitoral structures from Mrs. G, right at the start of this whole mess. It was some of the most valuable class time I'd ever spent. My eidetic memory was serving me well.
My fingers strove back and forth, back and forth, pressing then tracing lightly, stimulating both touch and pressure nerves like she'd suggested. A minute later, my fingers found their way inside, pulling apart with two fingers and pushing the third between and inside, then up and towards the clit, wetted with juices, to make the head and hood wet, too, dancing over them softly then back and over, and pressing slightly harder each time.
A jaw ache put an end to my pulling massage of her nipple and I allowed it to go, but I pulled up on her butt and shifted my body down until I was facing up into her crotch, her body bent down over me. I reached and pushed her to sit up, tweaking a nipple at the same time and hearing an 'eeek!' as she jumped.
My tongue replaced my fingers, flat over the clit as two of my fingers worked in and out in a slow rhythm. I started bending them to press sideways where I knew two clitoral arm structures were, down the length of the vagina, and I found them because her breathing changed, sharply, moaning changing to 'yes, yes....yes!!! Yes!!!...' yells. Her taste was tangy and rich, complex but sweet. I liked it.
She struggled for a while, then let go with a roaring orgasm, pinching my head between compressing legs and trying to move, but I held on firmly and didn't let her go.
She slowed down and relaxed, settling on me, and then, mercilessly, I started moving my kisses again, building her up. She said, "Oh... Wait... Uh... No, hold on... oh, yes... Okay.. you can do that..."
After I'd gotten her up and going again, I slowed down my licking and said, "Find the condom. Put it on."
She shifted, fetching the condom and opening it.
I shifted on the mattress so I was better straight up and down the mattress. Sometimes when you collapse on a mattress it's tiring to move but there's this debate between the discomfort of now and the effort of having to move just that little bit more to solve it. With my head and one shoulder barely on the mattress, I did have to move, but my body was not all that energetic. The effort to shift, as weak as I was, was significant.
She straddled my lower legs, got the condom package open, but before she could use it I warned, "SUPER amount of cum, Daf, leave a big space."
"Got-it."
She unrolled it onto me. As she knee-walked up my body, she spat on it and rubbed it with her hand. She wasn't taking any more time doing this than needed, I could see. Positioned right, she rubbed it back and forth on her slit, her eyes half-closed in the kind of un-self-conscious but distant look you get when holding a yoga stretch.
I was watching this, of course, but I was also watching her face. She was generally impassive except near the end, as is the habit on Ceres to become by default in stressful situations. She lifted her hips as she pushed my penis back, and sat down a little,, letting me slide in. As I went in, her moving was a long settling down on me process filled with small ups-and-downs, her expression got complicated and she started making 'OOof!' and "Woooohhh" noises.
Working the process, she eventually got me mostly in and settled into a small rhythm of rising and falling on me. At first, she leaned forwards, one hand on my chest, but as she sat back she just held her thighs. Her face was tensed-up in the concentration of someone feeling something intense.
I let her go as she was, just watching her move and feel me. I knew I was bigger than I had been, and I figured that might be the reason, but I didn't know if there was something else wrong, so I asked, "Are you... Okay?"
She looked at me and made eye contact and said, one raised eyebrow, "Of course I am, stupid! You just have a giant fucking cock, and I'm not... sure I'm... big enough for you. It's hitting me in... mostly the right places, though..."
"Oh." I had nothing to say. My hands roamed around her thighs, feeling her soft skin, and up her sides, her own arms backing away as she watched me feel her.
"You don't have to enjoy this so much."
"Uh... I'm sorry?"
She shook her head and rolled her eyes like I was doing something wrong, typical of the way she'd made faces at me in the past, finding fault with various things I did even though she was younger than I was and was missing the social perspective of my friend-group and the stuff we liked to do.
Not everything that I did was wrong, I thought. Her perspective on how my life should be was notably biased by having been a long-established critic of all things 'Red Dunbar'.
This girl in front of me, though, ON me, really, was not the younger-sister anymore.
Life was not so simple.
She took her hands and grabbed mine where they'd been holding her hips. We just held hands for a moment. Her eyes softened as she looked down on me. "Bro, you got yourself into one sweet pickle. And..." she smiled a little sideways, "you've got a pretty sweet pickle, now, too. If you don't come, bad shit happens. So, I need to make my big brother come. Let's just say I'm focused." Her rising and falling on me wasn't stopping. She pulled my hands up to her breasts, and I grasped them. Her grip went to my arms, to steady herself as she moved.
Loving the feeling of her boob-flesh in my fingers, I kneaded a little as she moved, and smiled at them. Letting the nipples slip between my outstretched fingers then squeezing them together, she gasped a little and smiled, wanting the feeling. Her pace up and down hadn't changed much, but I wanted a little more action to it. I tried thrusting up with my hips and managed to get some motion in, my pushing getting a small facial expression change.
The disconcerting part for me was how little, in general, she was showing emotion or reaction to what I was doing. It was odd, and I had to do something. I said, "Daf... I need to hear that you're enjoying this. Show me what you're feeling, say things. True things, please? Things you're actually feeling? It helps me to know...."
"That I'm okay. I get it, ah, yes, I get it ..." She smiled down at me, a forgiving smile, a smile that said she was into it and doing what she could, but was distracted.
She moved around, rising and falling faster, and groaning much louder in what I could tell were actual groans. She was letting a bit more of her actual self out, and I liked it, and smiled back at her.
I started narrating things that I liked -- her muscles, her pretty shape, the feeling of my cock going into her, my bumping her cervix a little on some motions, the sweet way her breasts bounced when she came down on me, how perky her nipples were... All these things I noticed and liked looking and feeling and enjoying.
Playing with her, my thumb found her clit and lightly rubbed to the side, then the other side, then above, and then finally over the top, gently. Again, gently, and again, and her breath got faster and more raspy, her groans more desperate, her eyes closed and she rose and fell with more vigor. After another minute or two, she shuddered and cried out, and started writhing around on me, then collapsed front-to-front with me, hugging me very tightly in the throes of her orgasm.
The rippling and clenching inside her, my penis felt even through the condom, and I, too, climbed that peak. Just as she was stopping, I felt my balls tightening and then I, too, spurted into her, holding her body tight to mine, my orgasm replacing the sensual skin and moving my focus just to getting -- slightly -- deeper...
Jerking up and into her, my hands pushed down on her butt as I strove to push in farther, grabbing her butt tightly and squeezing. She gasped a little, happily, like she wasn't expecting that. I wasn't expecting it, either, I just did it.
We settled against each other, relaxing and letting the glow happen. I liked the glow. The glow was one of the best parts, the just-after, when it's like you're waking up in the morning and you're next to someone. At least, that's what I'd felt that morning, the closeness of someone else on the mattress next to you, Being With-You as you awoke. I hadn't had that but once, maybe, but it was enough to Remember - a Life Memory, if I can call it that.
Slowly, though, she pushed herself up, and very carefully grasped the condom at the bottom of my penis and held firm as she pulled up and off me.
The condom was full, and leaking down the insides a little.
She pulled it off, keeping it tilted to retain it all, and carried it over to the sealable baggie that she'd been given and zipped it inside.
The way she moved when she was naked was captivating, too, since I'd seen her clothed, mostly, for a long time but not naked. Then, as she turned back to me, seeing the face that I knew so well added this bare-fronted, fully-woman version, that was another whole kettle of fish. The image of her, standing there, seared into my memory, a view I'd not had, and would not easily forget.
The view ended as she walked back and sat down next to me on the mattress, almost cross-legged with one hand casually on the middle of my chest. She looked down my body, obviously okay with taking in the full view since I'd gotten the full view of her. She twisted some of the red chest hairs trying to emerge, stroking it slightly. Looking down closer to where she was sitting, she noticed my deflated, wet, and slowly dripping cock, well used and happily so.
I smiled, "Got some good use."
"Yeah."
I could tell she was thinking something, considering, like there was something she might want to do but wasn't sure. I thought she might be about to get up.
Instead, though, she leaned down and kissed my chest, on the flat part over my heart. She said, "My only living relative."
Thinking a minute, I realized she was right, since our grandparents had been in Dos Lobos for the disaster there. It was the reason why our parents moved off-world, to be away from the dangers of rogue religious groups. I said, "From Dos Lobos to Ceres, and lots of places besides, I guess it isn't safe anywhere."
She said, "Emergency Decree 41 came through several days ago. It specifies monetary bonuses for birth control removal." She paused, "They call it the Personnel Organic Growth Order, POGO. I haven't had mine pulled yet, but I will, probably tomorrow or the next day, when my ID comes up. It's a lot of money."
I nodded. I didn't know what to say.
"I'm obviously going to be okay here, I had a condom in the way, but, still. I may put it off an extra day just to be safe."
"Obviously."
She looked at me, "You... are dripping."
I laughed, "Yeah, lots more semen now, afterwards. I'm ... I think I'm a bit bigger, like I said."
"They mentioned that in the med notes everyone got. We're all not supposed to 'undergo any concern about abnormalities since the growth is benign.' I'd say it's not bad, but it was a little uncomfortable to start with."
No response needed from me.
She kept trying to decide something, I could tell. She bent down, I thought to kiss me again, but then shifted down and lifted up my penis, licking the small drops of cum on my abdomen and obviously evaluating the taste. She shrugged, deciding it was normal tasting, I guessed, then sucked my cock in her mouth and gave it a swirl for just a second before sitting up again, all proper and noncommittal.
"What was that for?"
"Three things. One, I wondered if the condom had a taste. It does, but not bad, kind of savory. Two, you needed cleaning or you're going to drip the moment you turn over. And... three... I wanted to remember that. I think -- the time when I'm going to be able to do that again is... far in the future."
I nodded, not wanting to upset her; I had no clear picture on her mood even though I should have had one. It was so hard to read her. I asked, "What are you feeling? I want to help, but I don't know how."
She smiled at me, gently. I could see love in her eyes as her head tilted, "Clueless as ever. Yes. I love you, Red. You're my only ... well, you know. But, I don't want this to come between us."
I shook my head, "No. Other things might, but this won't." I thought for a second, and said, "I know the ratios. If you need relief, and you can't get it any other way, you can come to me. I'm not sure how great a lover I am, but... as odd and shame-ridden as this might be in any world where our parents are around to judge us, it's ... okay, somehow. I'm not upset. I think you're beautiful, and awesome."
"Thanks." She just sat there. Ceres culture demanded that strong expressions of emotion were followed by long pauses to allow for opinion reset, I think. I was busy rethinking the entire Ceres culture at this point, wondering what would survive, and what was so ingrained in us that we'd keep it around forever. So many changes had happened, so fast, I didn't know what taboos would be broken or ethical ideas changed.
"You probably better get up there with that sample."
"Yeah."
She leaned down to me and kissed me lightly on the lips, then on the forehead, her nipples lightly grazing my chest. Pulling away, she stood up, turned, and went over to get dressed. She knocked on the door as she did.
Suze opened it from the outside, "Yes?"
"Done."
Suze came in, shutting and locking the door behind her. She said, "I'll escort you to the med collection bay. Revised orders, we have two new nurses coming in, when you're ready. Red..." She turned to me, "I'm going off duty after this, I've got to get home for a while and get some solid sleep. I'm bushed."
"Understood."
Daf, dressed at last, came over and crouched near me. "When do I check in again?"
"I've been sleeping a lot. Give me a couple of days?, Some afternoon, maybe. Text me."
"Sure."
She stood up, our held hands pulling away from each other.
Suze was at the door, she opened it wide from someone to come in and said, "Front!"
Two girls walked in, obscured momentarily by Suze and Daf leaving. As the door shut, I had a good view of them.
Something odd was going on.
These two were way, way too good looking.
They walked in calmly and set down their backpacks. I hadn't pulled up the blanket yet, and they both glanced at that and immediately started removing their clothes.
"Stop a second."
They faced me, stopping.
"Uh, I just came. I need to use the toilet, but then I just need to go to sleep. No need to get undressed."
They re-zipped, shrugging, and came over, then pulled me with a surprising amount of force to a sitting and then standing position. Supported, they walked me to the bathroom and set me on the pot. I asked for them to turn around, and they did, nicely. I did my business, turning on the bidet function and getting cleaned up at the same time. The blower dried off my undercarriage but they stopped me by the dryer to get me all dry and led me back to bed.
After getting me into bed again and under covers so I wasn't too chilled, they turned down the lights. I wasn't quite ready to go to sleep though, my stomach was disagreeing with being empty. Almost instantly after mentioning it, though, they dug in their backpacks and pulled out packages of bite-sized emergency rations. These were amazingly super-tasty and nutritionally complete, but seriously pricy to be throwing at someone for a snack. I asked, but they said med decrees had authorized me to eat as many as I wanted, no charge. Who was I to argue with 'free'?
My stomach growled after I ate a bunch and washed them down with one of their bottles of orange juice (also super-pricey, but also entirely artificial. No orange trees grew on Ceres).
Emptied, full, and tired, I succumbed to my hindbrain yelling 'sleep!' at me and rolled over.
== ==
Oh-so-slowly coming awake, I realized I was being sucked. The room lights were off (much lower than I normally keep them), and my benefactor was leaning over my stomach facing my feet and doing very nice things to my penis. I relaxed into it, letting the experience flow over me. She was using her hand and mouth in conjunction, and her other hand was under my butt cupping my left butt cheek.
I raised my hand and touched her side, appreciatively, stroking her back and feeling the soft skin over tight muscles and ribs. In return, she pulse-squeezed my butt twice, so I knew she was aware of my touch. I settled back again, and after several minutes of her attentions I felt myself getting very close. I said, "Coming!" and just as quickly came, convulsing and pumping into her mouth, which I could feel was firmly locked over the end of my penis.
She murmured, "Mmmm... Mmmm...", accepting my load and obviously swallowing since I felt no great flux of wetness on my balls as a result. I could have been wrong, of course, since I couldn't see the action and my brain was somewhere plastered to the ceiling about that point.
It was a very, very good blowjob.
She kept on sucking after I 'nutted', which was a little too much so I had her stop. She just lay there, then, relaxing, and I did, too, relaxing.
Sleep returned.
== Chapter: Life With Two Guardians ==
Some unknown amount of time later, at least several hours, I awoke again. I could see lights coming from around the corner to the kitchen area, just the light of a pad or something.
Stretching out, I felt stronger and more lively than I had in a while, so I rolled quietly over, sluffed off the sheet and blanket, and sat up on all fours, a yoga child-pose into kneeling. I could kneel walk, then, I found out, so I bent over and crawled towards the light.
Around the corner, I saw the two who had come in as Suze and Dafne left, sitting at the kitchen nook reading their pads. One was writing in a notebook, too, which was kind of odd since we almost always used our pad devices for school, but maybe it was some art thing or something. My knees were starting to hurt on the cold deckplate, so I sat up and cleared my throat. "Uh, Hey."
The turned to me quickly, "Oh! You're up! Wow!" Both came over to me. They were dressed, probably for the best since it was generally cool in the room.
I needed some light, so I said, 'Deek, Lume 20, X." The 20% brightness was far more manageable and didn't hurt my eyes usually when I woke up.
They crouched by my sides. I was struck by how absolutely gorgeous they were. I'd kind of noticed it the previous night, but this morning it was amazing to behold. Of course, soft light can do lots of things to you. In the meantime, I needed to use the restroom. "I was headed for the toilet. I would love to walk by myself, but it'd be great to have a spotter."
"Sure."
I put one foot on the floor and rose from a crouch to stand, though I was somewhat wobbly. I had quite a bit more strength back, I could feel it. I wondered if steps would work -- they did, but unsteadily, so the girls held onto my arms and lower back, which was, again, welcome.
After my toilet visit, I walked to the shower and wanted to turn it on. This seemed risky, I think, so the curly brunette -- her name was Shelly -- quickly stripped so she could get wet without any problems. The other girl -- she said her name was Jo -- went back into the room. I heard a locker open, so I presumed she was changing sheets.
In the meantime, I had a full view of Shelly, walking over to help out. I was certainly the beneficiary of that idea! Wowzers!
Taking my shower was fairly rote (wet, soap, rinse, done), but the sight of her next to me, waiting and getting sprayed a little, was certainly stimulatory. The water dripped from her breasts, the spray making it cold so her nipples were very hard and pointy. I invited her in to get more water on her, but she didn't want too much. She said if her hair got wet it might turn frizzy and she'd have a problem combing through it again.
It was no secret that I found her attractive. My cock had grown to aim ceiling-ward and was very firm in that resolve, so I was sure I needed to handle it soon.
Brushing my teeth and flossing, I gave a thought to my almost-scratchy stubble and smeared some hairgone on my lower face, then dabbed between my eyes, too, since for some reason my eyebrows tried to become one eyebrow sometimes. Shelly thought that was funny but was trying not to laugh.
I asked if she did that, too, but she looked askance at me and said, "No."
I looked (somewhat obviously) at the rest of her almost-hairless body, and aside from the long, flowing, layered-wavy tight curly hair on her head, there wasn't much there. "I doubt you can avoid putting some effort into keeping clean-cut."
She smiled condescendingly at me, stuck out her tongue, and said, "That's not the kind of thing I talk about with anyone but my mother."
Her mother, she said. This would be the mother that, like mine, was almost certainly deceased right then. The tragedy implicit in the subtext there wasn't addressable, and I didn't want to deal with that right before I was going to (presumably) have sex with her. It's one thing to know something, to have a back-of-the-mind awareness, but it's another to talk about it. Acknowledging the feelings there would be troublesome.
The longer it went before I said anything, the more likely it'd be that she thought of her mother. I didn't want her to be sad, so I asked if she'd ever tried a razor on her legs or "nethers".
She gave me another odd look, and said, "No. You ask a lot of questions."
"Just wondering. You have very curly hair..." I was going to say it reminded me of my grandmother, but again, the subject was off limits. I opted for the surface conversation instead, and said, "I guess girls have options that way. Guys, we're kind of expected to have something, like, above or something, but I cleaned up when this thing started and it hasn't started re-growing yet."
Looking at me noncommittally, she just kind of shrugged. She was waiting for me, and I couldn't tell if it was impatience or irritation.
I continued, not knowing where else to go. "I guess it's fine either way, with some kind of landing-strip, or maybe something else. Or, with no hair, that's kind of fun, too. The forest? I think that's kind of odd, really -- I saw it right at the start, that first day, but, not too much after that. Some people choose it, I'm sure."
"Oh, I could NEVER do that!" She seemed aghast at the idea of letting her pubic hair grow out fully. "That'd be just seriously disgusting!"
I pursed my lips and looked up, considering it... "Not too bad."
She gave me a dismissive, again condescending look. I was getting a lot of attitude from her. It wasn't really that sexy, at all.
"Uh, what's the plan?" I was done, and I turned. She grabbed me around the waist and with an arm over her shoulder, carrying some of my weight, but mostly steadying me. I didn't need that much of it, but it did help, and her skin was oh, so, soft!
"Jo is in the other room. She's getting ready for you."
I raised an eyebrow. We paused at the dryer, though I was mostly dry already. "And... you?"
She repeated a phrase that was obviously memorized, "I am here by General Order. I'm ready and able to assist and relieve as best I can. Ask and I'll happily help with nearly anything."
"That didn't sound so convincing."
She looked at me, concerned, "I'm not trying to duck out here. I'm... lesbian. I'm not used to... men."
"Ahh.... I understand." I wasn't sure I did, but I got the theory.
We got back into the main room, and walked over to the mattress. Shelly helped me to kneel. I stopped and looked at her, close up. "You're really beautiful."
"Thank you."
I turned, without letting go of Shelly's arm. "Jo -- question." She nodded, so I continued, "Have you ever been with a girl?"
"Oh, sure. A couple of times, in college. I just graduated last year. It's fun, but I like dick too much to give it up."
"I want to let Shelly to participate, but I don't want to freak you out."
"Won't freak me out. I'm fine with it. Shelly?"
"Yeah?" Shelly had a lot of emotions playing over her face.
I interrupted, "I don't want to force anyone to do anything. But, Shelly, I'd really like you to be in on this, if it's possible."
Shelly looked at me and said, "If you want it..."
"I'd like it, yeah."
Shelly looked at Jo and said, "Three?"
Jo said, "Definitely three."
Shelly looked at me and said, "How do you want us... or, me?"
I smiled and said, "You two, kiss and stuff, do whatever. I'll cut in when you're good and revved up. I'd like to watch..."
They nodded. Jo pulled out the sheet (partially covering her) and Shelly tentatively bent down and kissed her, on the lips. I saw the muscles in the backs of Shelly's arms flex -- she had some good tone there, and below the arm dangled breasts, which were getting closer to Jo's.
They pressed into one another, kissing and hugging, Jo's legs parting for one of Shelly's legs to go between. They went on like this for a minute or two, even with hands rubbing breasts, when I heard them break the kiss and say, "69?" and "Yes."
Shelly turned sideways and then backed up onto Jo, sitting down on her. This was incredibly sexy. I saw her parting Jo's lips and licking down them, kissing both inner thighs, and repeating that, then moving a finger in and licking steadily over her clit.
Jo, I think, was getting the better part of this deal, and from the way her lips were already wet, had started before we got there.
Various grunting noises followed, gasping, whining, and general want-sounds, until Jo tensed up and squirmed fast and hard, gasping and crying out with a strong orgasm. Shelly looked like she was enjoying it, and I certainly was, too.
I moved over, waiting for the crying-out to die down and relax a little, and then it was Shelly's turn to grunt louder. By the luck of the draw and because I had moved around back and forth to get a better look, I asked, "Jo? I've got a certain something here that could use a warm-happy...?"
"Stick that fucker in me, Red, Please?"
I moved in near Shelly's head and said, "Shelly, can you give it a little wetness, please?"
Shelly looked at it and sat up a little, then grasped it and pulled it into her mouth. It wasn't a bad suck, it just wasn't that good. The lesbian thing, I thought, she doesn't usually touch dicks. I waddled up closer and positioned myself, so Shelly had to back up, then sit upright and hold onto my shoulders. I pulled Jo's legs up, so Shelly was holding onto those, and pushed inwards, a little at a time.
"Ohh!... OOOHHH!... OOOOOHHH!!" Jo was crying out with each tiny thrust farther-in I gave her. I'd back out a little, then in again, then a little out and a little farther in. Her voice built up to a crescendo of wails, her legs locking and going a little wild as she came, kicking out and deeply, almost-bass-note grunts of "oooooOOOOooohHHHHHH!!!!!!" Her pussy grabbed me, hard and pulsing, pulling me in farther as I was then bottoming out, her cervix making tiny sensations at the tip of my penis so I knew I was at the end of her.
I slowed way down, just loving the feeling of her pulsing on me, settling into a more stiff stance, waiting for her to ride the wave downwards and back to reality.
Shelly, in the process, had rolled slightly off so that her thigh was over Jo's chest. I couldn't see Jo's face, but I wanted to. I said, "Shelly, turn around now, I want to see her face. I think she needs kisses and hugs as she calms down."
Sure enough, Shelly turned around, laying on top of Jo, hugging her, and Jo hugged her back, panting and wimpering, still.
In the process of turning around, though, I caught sight of Shelly's sex, her mound glistening with wetness from Jo's licking and Shelly's own juices. Since her sex faced me, I reached down and rubbed, my left hand snaking around over her leg and down to her clit, and the other fingers pressing into her pussy, too. Shelly pushed back against my entry and moaned herself, and I started just rubbing circles with my left and slowly entering her with my right, two fingers going up and in, out sideways, up and in, then out sideways....
"Hey, Shelly... You are so fucking sexy! Your pussy is hot... it's wanting. I'm wanting. I want it. I want to put my cock in it, and stroke you. I want to stroke in, and out, and into your beautiful pussy... your Amazing Fucking Cunt, my cock stroking it..."
I heard her say, in a strangely calm voice, not as breathy as I'd expect, "Put it in, Red, Put... It in, do it."
Her ass was right up against my thigh, offset so I could get my hands in, so I rubbed my cock up her cleft, seeing oh-so-clearly as the head of my penis stretched out her lips, parted her open. I only pushed in a little, then pulled out, and in, and out, working it in slowly. I probably could have pushed in faster, but I loved the slow working-it-in process, and she was TIGHT, seriously tight, squeezing in on me, holding me, plenty wet and hot, but a firm grip around my cock as I moved. I returned to being bent over, my fingers finding their way back to the top of her opening, finding her hood and button-clit emerged and engorged. Lightly, ever so lightly, I stroked her clit, more slick-finger-skin-touch than pressure. She shuddered, and yelled out, "Ohhhh, YeSSSSSS..." Her moans contined, and my stroking continued.
I wanted to make her come before I did.
Instroke with my cock, then circles and dances with fingers, then outstroke and instroke again and more dancing, down alongside my cock on her outer lips and returning up missing the clitoral hood but then down over it, and up again, and circles above it as I tensed in and out with my cock in tiny movements.
She built up quickly and came, too, her screams probably loud in Jo's ear. I felt myself getting close as she came, and then it hit, finally, my cock-head growing wider and wider as I got closer, filling and stretching her inside, her pulsing cum-spasms driving hot wet beauty into my soul. My eyes went wonky, tunnel vision as I grabbed her ass and pulled back on me, shoving myself deep into her, deeper, then spasm and DEEPER and SPASM and DEEP SPASM and DEEP! DEEP! SPASM! SPURT! SPURT! Thrust and hold, hold, tighter, tighter, yelling, yelling to the walls, "FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKK!!!!!! FUUUUUUUUUUCCKK YES YES YES YES oh MY fucking GOD MY..... YOUR CUNT oh my FUCK YOUR CUNT IS A... MAZING.... OHHHHH FUCK!!!!"
Uncontrollable spasms continued to wrack my hips and back, but I was settling down, seeing more clearly, and wanting to relax again. I said, "Need... to ... collapse..."
They moved slightly, and somehow amid the elbows and knees I managed to end up on the bottom, lying flat, them by my sides.
"Please?" I pleaded, "Come lie next to me? Put your soft-warm on my cool empty? Your ... epic boobs.... Here... "
They smiled at me, both of them, and lay by my sides, under each arm, and we all just lay flat. Jo, after a minute, grabbed the discarded sheet and pulled it over us. Shelly, leaning up by Jo, was near my crotch, so I said, "Can one of you clean me up a little? I don't want to be... sticky.... Please?"
Shelly looked at Jo, and Jo at Shelly. I didn't know which of them was going to go first. I said, "Don't fight over me, it's okay if you don't."
The shrug of acceptance went to Shelly, who bent down and sucked my rapidly-deflating cock in, swirled it around a little, smacked her lips, and lay back up.
We all lay there for a long while. I think I went to sleep for a little while, maybe even a long while, but their skin kept me warm and cozy, and I told them how much I liked it, how beautiful it was, how completing it was to have skin to fall asleep next to.
== Chapter: Directives and Directions ==
I started awake as I felt Shelly get up; I asked but she said, "Just the bathroom, back in a sec."
When she came back, Jo was lightly snoring on my side, or wheezing a little at least, face up and next to me but not curled up, exactly. I turned to Shelly and said, "So. Sorry if any of that was uncomfortable, I know ... I think I've heard, lesbians are somehow, like they don't like dicks or something."
She half-smiled, a forgiving smile, and a small bit of a sad one, too.
"What's up?"
She said, calmly, "I'm not supposed to tell you. I could get in trouble."
This was news to me. "Secrets? What don't I know!?!? I'm locked up in here, almost immobile, I don't even get rumors. Maybe, if I can walk tomorrow..."
"Here it is. Don't let on that I told you, but ... you need to know some things." She took a breath, and then got up right close to my ear and started talking.
"You're a guy. Guys are now very, very rare. Keeping guys happy is vital, they said. No one will visit Ceres now. No inbound spacecraft. We're isolated. We might be isolated for years, maybe a decade, until they get a vaccine combo, for all the variants. There's two different viruses, it only happens when both are present, which lets the thing move super-fast. Anyway, no men means just who we have onboard. No men means no babies. No babies means the colony dies, ten thousand lifetimes of dedicated work for nothing. There are other colonies on Ceres, too, dependent on us for basics, like food and water and metals and whatever. They don't want SHAG, even if they are probably doomed, we're not going to get anyone coming over here. So, we need babies."
I managed to whisper, "What's so secret about that?"
"No shipments means no money. No money means no high-value stuff, like cognac, some kinds of computer chips, latest stuff, you know?"
"I'm not allowed to know that?"
"You can know that part. The problem is, the rules, they're all word-of-mouth, for women. They don't want them written down. It's all supposed to be on the down-low. All guys have to be happy, mostly. Mostly happy means making babies. We're all unprotected now."
"I heard..."
"Yeah. They pulled mine in the first week, Jo said the same thing. I've been 2 weeks unprotected, I'm ripe. Right now. You probably... almost certainly, could have impregnated me. The timing is right. You made enough semen to sink a battleship."
I moved my head to her ear, "I know, it's been lots more."
"Exactly... I didn't necessarily want a kid. I'm... Not attached, really. I broke up with my last girlfriend about 3 months ago and I've been prepping to do a topside rotation in the vineyards. I love wine, and winemaking, and all that. Blessed is the fruit of the vine, as they say, baruch peri hagafen. I wanted to take some time off from relationship drama. But, I'm here."
"I'm not so bad, I hope."
"You're fine. For a guy. I'm not into guys. You're... like... an uncle that nobody wants to see, to me. Yes, I can put up with you, you might tell some funny jokes, but not the kind of scene I'm into."
"Oh."
"Here's the secret part. We have to fill out reports on you. We each, separately, spend an hour or two summarizing what happened tonight. They want lots of details, I was told. Every time you ask for something, we have to remember what it was, when it was, all that. Very specifically. We have to rank how much you wanted it. If you ask for the same thing 3 times, we pretty much have to do it. The others will remember. There's probably audio recordings, for god's sakes. Who knows. But, if you ask, the first time, we can say no. The second time we can say, either no, or prefer not to. The third time, if we say no, we have to justify it. And, if we have any, or many, of those, we don't get babies. They'll control access to you, to any guy, and to sperm, and then, no babies. And, someday, I want to be a Mom. I really do. I love it. I've always wanted to be a mom. Just because I'm lesbian doesn't mean I'm not into being a good mother. It's the first commandment."
I was confused. "First...?"
"God told the Israelites, told Abraham, his one directive on The Most Important Thing: 'Go Forth, Be Fruitful and Multiply.' It's a big deal. I really want to. I don't think I'm quite ready yet, but, then, sometimes life is pretty odd."
"Tell me about it." I thought for a second. "I'm not sure if I'm ready to be a daddy."
She laughed, more of a quiet snicker, but she was pretty amused, "You don't get to be one, probably. You won't have time. You are going to be too busy, creating them, to play with them and be the happy tophat-wearing businessman."
"Oh."
She lay down next to me and we just hung out for a while.
"You said, 'turn around' then, 'I want to put my cock in you.' You said it several times, there were no options. Jo and I heard you, and she'll write it up in the report, just like I will. I didn't really want to have sex with you that much, if... at all. I wanted to be out of this, now, and maybe get artificial insemination later, in a couple of years, when I'm married, in a stable relationship with some woman who wants the same thing. Instead, you gave me no option. I had to."
This was sounding kind of like rape to me. "Uh... I didn't want to force you!! Oh, my GOD, did I ... force you somehow? How?? Oh, no! Fuck!" I was seriously upset with myself.
She nodded. There wasn't immediate forgiveness, and I noticed that.
Eventually, she said, "Red, you didn't know. Sin requires knowing something is wrong and doing it anyway. Did you want to hurt me?"
"NO!!" I was trying to be quiet, but it came out louder than I wanted.
"Good. Did you trip and fall down on top of me? Yeah. You tripped. You didn't mean to, you are a good person. But, you messed up without knowing. From now on, though, you know. I'm telling you this so you don't hurt anyone else -- you don't fall on anyone else and hurt them."
I leaned back and looked in her eyes. I closed mine, and held her cheeks, and kissed each one, then on her lips, chaste but firm, tender, caring. "I'm so sorry."
She smiled, her eyes caring, "You'll be okay, Richard 'Red' Dunbar. Now, go back to sleep. It's night for everyone. I want to sleep, too."
I shifted around and turned my back on her because if I turned my front to her I might decide I was horny again and have to do something about it.
== ==
Waking up to the room lights automatically going up, I realized the daytime routine was back in session. Someone must have reset the room lights timer. Maybe when I called for them being down the previous night... hard to tell.
I'd slept a good long time, I think. I had morning wood, and that was never easy to get rid of. I shifted, and both Jo and Shelly came awake. "uh, sorry. Gotta pee."
They moved out of the way, and quickly got on their knees to help me up. I wanted to do it myself, though, and I did, standing without assistance. I did use the wall, and was shadowed closely by two spotters, as they call them in gymnastics, but I made it all the way to the toilet by myself. I used all the functions (food exited, in other words) and was happy to feel a little more light and airy. Brushed teeth and combed hair meant I was ready to come back into the room.
The hard-on was still hard, though.
Jo, still not dressed, had me sit in the chair, and knelt in front of me to give me a blowjob. This wasn't easy for her, I could tell, I think because her jaw was hurting. She put some effort into it, but it was tough.
Her hand was busy between her legs the whole time, though, and she soon climbed on my lap and lowered herself onto me, putting her boobs right at mouth level. I grasped what I could and started sucking and loving it. Shelly came behind me and crouched a little, putting her breasts behind my head so I was surrounded by boobs, very nice boobs that had some heft and presence to them.
Jo started squeaking out encouragement as she rose and fell, and I leaned back and enjoyed the sensations. It only took about 5 minutes after Shelly's boob's appeared for me to come, holding Jo super-tight and pushing her down onto my cock like that would make any difference in how deep I was in her.
Jo didn't come from our exertions, but she kissed me nonetheless. Pulling up, she asked, "Hey, Shelly, can you clean him up? I need to..."
Shelly said, "Sure. Go." She moved around and bent to me, sucking me in and cleaning up my rod.
I asked, "Does that bother you?"
She finished up and said, "A little. It tastes like pussy, too, so it's okay. Kinda slimy, otherwise, not really that into it."
I nodded.
She pulled my arm over her shoulders, like we were friends, side-hugging.
Jo went back to the bed and lay down, putting her butt on some pillows to raise it up, and her legs up the wall.
I'd seen this maneuver in the Human Sexuality textbook. She was trying to get pregnant.
As Shelly took a knee in front of me and sucked me clean, I asked, "Think that'll help, Jo?"
"Can't hurt."
Jo, apparently, really did want to have a kid.
My room P.A. chimed and said, "DQ. Red. You have a message. EndQ."
I looked around. My pad must still be in my cub. "Hey, Shelly, I'm going to stand, and go to my cub. I can't get in, but maybe my pad is in there."
Before I could do anything, she jumped up and grabbed it off the kitchen table, "No, we got it out. Here it is."
The message was from Davida:
"Attention: 3rd morning awake. Depending on your energy level, most of you are ready for some light walking. Medic's orders are to walk at least 3 hallway lengths, but not more than 10. Then, you are to nap again, and repeat. Eat meals as appropriate. Stay hydrated. Complete meals will be delivered 10 minutes after notification by attending nurses."
"Getting stronger means working at it, but it also means taking care of yourself. Do not avoid respite care, even if you are tempted to. We have seen that get ugly and lead to two deaths. If you dislike your scheduled nurses, or prefer a new set be sent, tell them, or message the clinic on-call address 'respite-schedules' with 'request shift change'. No reason is needed, and no consequence befalls any nurse dismissed.
If you wish to inform us of odd or difficult situations, do so at the same address, respite-schedules. In 2 weeks, there will be a set of support group meetings for men. Until then, work at getting stronger -- work out, eat, sleep, respite, read, study, whatever you need to do. That is all.
--Davida and Medic Team T8B."
I finished this and handed it to Shelly, but she said she'd read it already, they gave them the notes and told them what was coming.
She asked, "This mentioning food reminds me... Are you hungry?"
"Damn straight!"
Ten minutes later, we were dressed and seated at the table when the food arrived, waffles, eggs, 'bacon', hash-browns, yogurt, and all manner of other things. I sucked it all down like there was no tomorrow. I really needed food.
Walking down the corridor could wait, I figured. I needed a nap first.
Before I went to sleep, though, Jo said, "Shelly and I are going off-shift in about 2 hours, so we won't see you for a while."
I made a sad face, but then smiled at them, "Thank you for all you've done. Seriously. Without you? I'd be... in trouble, and I know it. You've saved my life, literally, being here."
They nodded, and Shelly said, "Enough. Go nap."
Room lights dimmed, I got under the covers, clothes and all, and I think I was asleep in minutes.
== Chapter: Shift Change ==
The thing about sleeping 16 hours a day is that though the days are seemingly short, the interesting stuff is sliced into petite, condensed, memorable tidbits.
The lights coming up brought me from half-awake to sitting up, amazingly on stomach-power alone. Ahead of me, two new women were 'on duty', by which I mean sitting on the couch reading their pads. I heard the echo in my ears of one of them saying, "DQ, Lume 20, X." That is to say, I didn't hear the actual words stated, I just heard a sound that I replayed in my head and it translated to those words. It's funny how sometimes when you're not listening you can remember sound-shapes and sometimes translate those into words after the fact.
They noticed me waking up. One said, "Rise and shine. All sleep and no sex makes jack a dead boy."
The other one rose from the sofa, shedding a blanket in the process. Her hair was jet black because she looked Japanese, but all the rest of her parts just looked Beautifully Female. The blanket disgorged an amazing, tall, lithe body, medium-sized breasts, and as she stepped towards me, a graceful movement, too. The demeanor, the body language, it was all Japanese, as least as far as the movies I'd seen. I didn't personally know many Japanese people because they tended to stay in their own colonies 'to preserve culture', somewhat sealed off and iconoclastic.
Other cultures did the same thing - native americans and Aleut First Peoples, Hmong, Viet, lots of stations and colonies were single-culture oriented and immigrants had to conform. I didn't fault it, I got that they wanted to keep their languages and traditions. It had to be hard to do that when a lot of Spacer culture had origins in American melting-pot ideals.
She stopped at the kitchen table and brought over a glass of orange juice, but set it down well away from her and knelt by the bedsides. She said, softly but firmly, "We have get medic orders. Must, you walk now. As can. Eat, respite, walk. You get up? I give juice. After."
Her language skills left something to be desired, but her accent was thick, too. It was obvious she didn't grow up speaking English, and I gave credit to anyone who could learn another language. Her face was hopeful, looking at me, waiting.
I noticed that her eyes glanced on my body and hesitated just a split-second on the bulge in my blanket.
"I will get up."
The other girl, across the room, put down her pad and got out from her blanket (they were almost hidden by the other couch). She came over to me, showing her beautiful naked form as well. She was shorter and stockier than her Japanese counterpart, she had almost flat breasts, but what there was showed a small droopiness. A small pudge to her lower abdomen showed she was not in great shape, but many older people weren't. Not that she was old -- maybe only in her 30's. As she moved, I saw her wincing with each step -- not a lot, just a little -- in the way that someone who has worked out too hard did. I knew that feeling, for sure.
Shifting towards her to stand up, I waved her off and tried to do it myself. I found it was much easier to move than it had been before. I was getting stronger every day. Kneeling, without assistance, I felt pretty proud of myself.
She handed me the OJ. "Have good sleep? I see, much REM. Big dreams?"
"I don't remember. It's faded now. Lots of running, I think."
The other girl got to me and leaned against the wall.
Looking at her, I said, "I'm Red. You are?"
She said, "Brenda, pleased to meet you." Her face had lines, I could see up close, and I confirmed my first impressions she had to be in her 30's.
The Japanese girl said, "Yoko. Preazed-do meed-yoo." Her accent was slightly amusing in that it was fun to hear it. I had very few people to talk with who had accents. She was trying, anyway, and my trying to understand was easier than her trying to conjugate verbs, I was sure.
I drank the OJ and thought to myself, 'there are few things in life as nice as fresh orange juice in the morning.' That thought lasted all of a couple of seconds until I looked back at Yoko. I was messed up -- this was a seriously beautiful, naked, sexy woman, and I was celebrating OJ?!? Egads!
Yoko said, somewhat cryptically, "You ready boing soon? I prepare."
I was confused.
Brenda said, "She's asking when you want respite. You're up... in both senses."
Nodding that I understood, I asked, "Prepared?"
Brenda continued, "She saw you were hard, under the blanket. So, she said we should strip, and she started masturbating. She's actually ready for you, now, if you are."
I laughed appreciatively and said, "Oh, my, yes, but I have to pee first."
They helped me to the bathroom, waited, and then helped me back to the bed. Peeing through my erection was painful again, it'd been a while and I needed relief.
More than that, though, it wasn't just the erection. It went with genuine horny feelings. I definitely wanted sex, it wasn't just that my cock was hard. I was noticing things, feeling randy, wanting to caress and suck and do stuff.
Getting to a kneeling position on the bed, I turned to Yoko and held out my hand.
She took it and kneel-walked to me, grasping my cock in her cool hand and getting closer to kiss me.
Taking the side of her head in my hand, I pulled her to me slowly and we kissed, letting our tongues dance a little. I knew I hadn't brushed my teeth yet, but I hoped the OJ helped that. I could taste some in her mouth, too. My hands wandered, then, over her body, down the small of her back, down her shoulder, pulling her to me. She seemed to want me to take charge.
Behind me, I heard and felt the mattress (it was on the floor) moving. Brenda's hands and warm skin came up along my back. I didn't know this person, either of them, but that wasn't apparently relevant.
Yoko broke the kiss and said, "How want?"
I considered and said, "Doggie."
She didn't know what that meant, so I made a circle with my finger, but that wasn't clear to her because she decided it meant on her back. She lay back, spread her legs, and held out her arms wide to me, beckoning me in.
Brenda, I could tell, was about to say something, but I interrupted.
"No, it's fine, Brenda, just fine with me. Gorgeous, actually, couldn't ask for..." I didn't finish that idea since I was positioning myself over Yoko. I was going to sit up, but then I decided to lay on top of her instead. It looked like a little more effort for me, but it worked. I moved around, and she reached between us to guide me in. I was plenty hard, but I wasn't wet yet, which worried me. Usually, someone licked me before I went in.
As soon as her hips thrust against me, I knew she was very much ready already and the licking would have been superfluous.
Despite her quick push against me, I went slowly. She wanted it faster. All her wonderful skin around me, breasts pressed against my chest, and I was face to face with her. She looked happy to have me, and I was certainly happy to have her. I kissed her mouth, tenderly, a peck, and she smiled at me, caring in her eyes, pulling my shoulders.
We moved against each other, her mons pressing into mine, my cock going into her deeply, then out again. Her voice started making the oddest squeaking sounds, super high-pitched and almost panting. I knew it was an expression of joy and enjoyment, but it was still more than a little unusual. Her wanting was obvious in her face. She started saying some words in Japanese and I didn't know what they meant, but I decided to look them up later.
She urged, "Motto! Tsuyoku! Tsuyoku!", which turned out to mean, 'Harder! Push me! Push me!'
I didn't know the words at the time, but that was fine, I got the urging as she said these things, she pulled in on my back. I drove myself into her, my hips thrusting my cock in deeply, and I could feel my cock sliding all the way, even the smallest motions giving me immense and beautiful sensations, the way I was pushing against the walls of her vagina, widening her, pressing her apart as I pushed in. It got to me how soft and hot she was, holding my dick in the wet-slippery goodness of a seriously tight cunt.
Brenda was behind me, and tried putting her hand on my back, stroking it, but that turned out to be distracting so I apologized and asked her to stop.
Building up, I got to going pretty fast, and her chest-squeaks turned into a full-fledged orgasm around me. I'm a sucker for orgasms, they're so fun to watch, let alone being a part of them. Hers made her louder and frantic, holding onto me very strongly as the shudders rolled through her body almost like an epileptic fit, arching her back to me and pulling me at the same time. Her vaginal contractions weren't as strong as I'd felt before, but they were there as subtext to my piston-driving fucking.
It was my turn, then, crying out and feeling my hips curl upwards in a set of must-get-deeper thrusts, the joy overtaking me a few delayed seconds after the actual spurting began. Those didn't line up sometimes. It was an odd biological thing; I resolved to ask someone if they knew what was going on with it later.
Even though I was coming, I kept on coming, and I could feel, again, how much longer my orgasms were than normal... or, at least, what had been my normal. In my life, most of my previous orgasms had been masturbatory, and I knew those were shorter just from being less intense. I hadn't masturbated yet at that point, post-SHAG, to see what was different in that experience, but to be fair, masturbating when there were these women who seemed to want it so much seemed like a shameful waste of opportunities for both of us.
Slowing down and stopping after my clenching feeling stopped, I just lay on her chest, breathing hard and loving the pleasure I'd built for us. She started coo-ing at me, stroking my hair, and pulling my head to her shoulder.
Brenda, again, started stroking my back, only this time it felt really nice. I had to roll off after a couple of minutes and Brenda moved away for that. She looked happy, I could see, looking down at me, like a mother hen, coming down and kissing me softly on the temple.
Then, looking down, she seemed to remember something, her eyes looking up and left distantly very briefly, then nodded, and bent down over my crotch, planting soft kisses on my abdomen.
"That's nice." I was not being condescending to say that, it really was nice.
Brenda's face got closer to my still-hard cock and I thought maybe I might be getting an immediate blowjob for some reason, not that I would object too much. Her fingers picked up my hardness and she started licking all over, giving me a tongue bath, sucking me up and slurping a little to emphasize what she was up to. "Hmmm.... " she said, "Hard cock. Wet. All... Clean.... Hmmm...."
She finished with this, smacking her lips again, and sat up and back, looking at me with some satisfaction.
I said, "Wow, well done, very good. Thank you!"
"No problem." Brenda's face showed her preoccupation with considering the taste. Her tongue moved around, then she said in a joking but mock-serious way, "Excellent Vintage. Tangy, with a hint of [glancing at Yoko]... Cherry blossom." She smiled.
I smiled, too. It wasn't a laugh-out-loud moment, but her humor was wonderful. I decided I liked Brenda and I wanted to see her again.
My thoughts were interrupted by Yoko, who squeaked loudly and crossed her legs.
Brenda was apparently ready for that, and handed her a small towel.
Yoko said, "No, thank you," and moved to put her legs up the wall. She wanted to get pregnant, too, apparently.
Knowingly smiling at her, nodding a little, I pantomimed to Yoko a big round belly, pregnant, and asked, "You want?"
She nodded fast and said, "Hai. Yes, want. Want much. Much big, happy... Make baby. You help. You good inside now, swim up, swim down."
I figured out what she meant as she pointed. My sperm had a journey ahead of them, apparently.
Moving over, I gently kissed Yoko's cheek as I touched her head, sort of an anointing of hope. I said, "Then, I am happy too."
I turned to look at Brenda and, smiling broadly, pointed at Yoko and said, "She's happy, kiss is deserved."
Brenda's confusion got very pronounced, but she moved forward and leaned over and kissed Yoko soundly on the lips, covering mouths.
This was much to Yoko's surprise -- her eyes opened wide, staring at Brenda, doing this, then closed and accepted the kiss.
I burst out laughing, and said, "Wow! That just happened!"
Breaking the kiss, Brenda looked up at me, still confused, and I was laughing too hard for a moment to respond, but she waited.
"I meant, kiss her on the forehead or something. She wants to get pregnant, right? I kissed her, something like, a good-luck kiss, that's what I was..."
Brenda broke out laughing, too, realizing what was going on. She said, "Oh! I missed that. Your back was too me, or I glanced away? I didn't see where you kissed her. What the hell did you mean?!? Oh, okay, I guess I have to kiss her now, okay with me, I guess." She looked at Yoko and said, "Sorry to offend you by kissing you."
Yoko laughed, too, and said, "Oh. I like kiss. Kiss good. Surprise happy."
I settled back, hands behind my head. The movement, though, led me to need to do more than pee. I was deflated, so the timing was good. "Hey, I'm going to try to crawl to the bathroom. Brenda, just let me be? I should be able to get there. I want to do it on my own."
Brenda, still smiling, said, "Sure. Give a yell if you need help, or a cheerleading section, or something."
Crawling, my body was surprisingly energetic compared to previously, so crawling wasn't that hard. I got there and onto the pot pretty easily, used it fully and washed up my crotch, too, which probably needed it.
At that point, though, I realized I hadn't showered in a day or so, so I turned on the shower and managed to stand pretty steadily.
Brenda appeared around the corner and came over, grabbing me in a side hug and saying jauntily, "Hey, Big Stuff, you want some help?"
I stepped forwards into the water, bringing her with me, and we both got wet.
== ==
Dried, teeth brushed, dressed and ready, Brenda said I could have a small bite to eat but then we had to go for a walk, even if that was hard, medic's orders. She'd already sent out for (and got back) sandwich makings, so I constructed one and washed it down with a milkshake of some kind of survival drink. Surprisingly, it wasn't that bad. It was kind of thick, and sweet, but my stomach was full and I wasn't even half done with the sandwich.
Brenda laughed and said the survival drink was meant for smaller glasses and I'd had two meal's worth just in the part I'd already drunk. We put the leftovers in the fridge for later.
We all got dressed enough to go outside, which I hadn't been, like, forever. Yoko was perky and ready to help, so we headed for the door.
I told them, "I don't think I've been out of this room since the thing started..."
They nodded. Brenda stopped me then, right before the door. "You need to be prepared."
"Uh?"
"You're... a man. You're one of not-very-many left. That means, people are probably going to stare. Don't engage with them. We're going for a short walk, right?"
"I'll see, maybe, 5 corridors? A half kilometer?"
"Whatever you like. We can come back early. This is not a contest. This is just, hey, let's get out, walk a little, okay? Your chart said you were on your back for about 3 weeks, so, ease into it."
"How do you want to walk?"
"Hold onto our arms, ours will be inside yours, so if you fall, we'll get you under the armpits. Okay?" She demonstrated on me, and it felt okay. I had to trust them.
Yoko opened the door, and we walked out.
The hallway outside was typical of a residential space, 4 people could walk side-by-side. There were ones and twos of people walking around or standing. Most everyone looked pretty tired. We got a lot of stares as we came out; people stopped walking ahead of us and turned around, then got out of the way.
The murmurs came back to my ears, of 'man' or 'survivor' or 'It's a guy!' I didn't know what to say to anyone, or even to acknowledge people. I didn't recognize anyone, which made sense given I hadn't interacted with my immediate neighbors very much anyway.
In Ceres culture, staring at someone was very rude. We just didn't do it. If there was someone having a strong emotional reaction somewhere, we all knew about it, but we didn't just up and look right at them. Exceptions were when it seemed like doing that would calm the person down and help them understand it wasn't the right way to behave in public. In private, sometimes, we'd look at someone, instead of talking with them, and glances could mean a lot, there, just like pauses between saying things.
So, for people to be stopping and looking, that was a Seriously Unusual Thing. I think they wanted to see who it was, and how I was getting along. My plodding pace didn't help anything. I had to go very slowly, and my muscles were just pretty shaky after the second corridor. There were some benches there, and a green-wall where ivy and carefully-designed greenspace hangings made the place look less Spartan and steel-box-like.
I sat on the bench, just Brenda by me, and we quietly watched people go by. Some people I saw more than once -- walking by, then turning around and walking by again, not obviously looking at me, but glancing.
Several women came up, but Yoko intercepted them and spoke quietly, and they went away.
After I'd rested for 5 minutes or so, we got up to continue the walk back.
Just after we stood, though, a middle-aged woman came out of the crowd.
She walked right up to me, and started yelling, Full Volume, shouting at me, "YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!!"
I was confused.
She continued, just launching into it, spit flying out of her mouth, her anger just right out there and filling the emotional space. "...YOU SHIT FOR BRAINS FUCKTARD! YOU CONCEITED SELF-IMPORTANT ASSWIPE OF A PERSON! YOU MISERABLE EXCUSE FOR A SHITSTAIN FUCKWAD! DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU'VE DONE? DO YOU HAVE THE FIRST FUCKING CLUE?!!?!?!"
She kept this up for some more sentences. Women all around me formed a circle, some of them stepping between us to prevent this lady from doing anything.
I managed to ask, at a pause, "What did I do? Have I wronged you?"
"YOU.... MEN!!!! YOU DID THIS! SOME MILITARY SACK OF SHIT, HE DECIDED TO MAKE A BIGGER BOMB! AND, THEY SAID, IT'S NOT BIG ENOUGH! LET'S MAKE ONE THAT KILLS ONLY MEN! WE CAN KEEP THE WOMEN FOR OURSELVES! THERE'S NO ACCIDENT HERE! YOU PROBABLY SET THE VIRUS LOOSE, YOU UTTER RETARD DIPSHIT! YOU, OR YOUR KIND, YOU KILLED THEM! MY MOM, MY DAD! MY.... SONS!!!!!! MY BEAUTIFUL SONS!!!! YOU KILLED MY HUSBAND, YOU MISERABLE FUCK! WHAT KIND OF SICK FUCKER ARE YOU!?!? YOU'RE THE WORST KIND OF MURDERING FUCK THERE IS! MY BABY BOYS! MY BEAUTIFUL, BOUNCY, CUTE, BABIES! THEN, MY GRANDPA! MY UNCLE! .... EVEN MY AUNTIE RUTH! ... I HAVE, RIGHT NOW AS I STAND BEFORE YOU, ONE! ONE! COUNT THEM, ONE PRECIOUS PERSON LEFT IN MY WHOLE FAMILY, SHE'S THREE, YOU FUCK, AND YOU KILLED HER ENTIRE FAMILY!"
Someone shoved her back, but she fought her way forward again and kept it up. "I KNOW IT, YOU DID IT! I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR EYES, YOU'RE THE REASON MY BABIES ARE DEAD, COLD, DEAD, IN BLACK-HANDLED BAGS TOPSIDE! MAYBE IT'S A BOX OR SOME HOLE SOMEWHERE, DEAD! DEAD! DEAD! DEAD! I AM ALONE! FOR THE REST OF MY FUCKING MISERABLE LIFE, BECAUSE YOU WANTED TO GET YOUR FUCKING ROCKS OFF AND BANG EVERY WOMAN IN THIS WHOLE FUCKING PLACE! WELL, YOU GOT YOUR WISH, YOU SEE THAT? YOU WANT TO BANG ME?! FUCK YEAH, RIGHT NOW! LET'S GO, MISTER, I'LL FUCKING TAKE YOUR COCK OFF, I'LL GRAB IT WITH MY CUNT, MY GRABBY MUSCULAR CUNT, AND RIP YOUR FUCKING COCK RIGHT OFF! YOU COULDN'T TAKE ME, BUT I'D TAKE YOU, I'D FUCKING TAKE YOU TO THE FUCKING MORGUE, YOU UTTTTTTERRR FUCCCKIIIINNNNGGG ASSSSHOOOOOLLLLEEEE!!!"
Her voice was fading by then, being dragged backwards down a hallway by a whole group of women who were talking about her not being in her right mind.
I tended to agree.
Her passion and her pain were so evident, I couldn't walk anymore. I said, "Bench, now."
We went back to the bench, and sat. I put my head in my hands and cried, sobbing, aloud, I didn't care.
I knew, on one level, that I didn't do any of the things she said. It didn't matter. Her feelings were my feelings, too. We had all lost those we loved. I hugged Brenda, and she hugged me back. I might have sat there for 5 minutes, just crying and thinking, but when I looked up, everyone was still there. Lots of other people were crying, too.
Almost no one had moved.
It was obvious that someone had to say something to this crowd. Everyone was looking to me to be the one to say it. I didn't know much, but I suddenly remembered that there were penalties for making a man feel uncomfortable -- or disobeying a medic -- that included being thrown outside without a suit. I had to address this, it occurred to me, or someone might bring that woman up on charges, and more lives would be lost.
I steeled myself, and said, "Up? I have to say something."
Brenda said, "Probably a good idea. Keep it short and simple. Hopeful."
Her advice was really good, I thought. In my head, I heard my mother, what she'd say, so I just channeled her voice. "I don't have words, but... I have a... I had a mother who knew things. When I got angry, she would say, 'If you suffer from anger, you ask God for compassion.' And, sometimes, too, she'd say, 'You get one wish, you ask for a listening heart.' I hope we all find our listening hearts."
I turned around, and we walked off, slowly. The girls helped me, lifting on my arms to help. I noticed a lot of people turned to go, but some stayed and talked, low murmurs filling the big hall-intersection / meeting area.
Her words rang with me as we walked, and the violence that attached to them.
== Chapter: Continuing Changes ==
I was tired again, and slept for a while.
I awoke to a blowjob from Brenda, curled up on me. She did a decent job, I thought, and kept it up until I came, pumping and jerking my hips, trying not to jamb it down her throat too far.
Afterwards, again, sleep.
== ==
When I awoke, I again had a pair of lips around me, this time from a happy-looking short-haired brunette with striking eyes and a hopeful look on her face. Maybe it was just that she was looking up at me from between my legs. She seemed naked, and my covers were down. My knees felt brushes of significant soft flesh, her breasts dangling and bumping into me as she moved.
I smiled down at her because after all, who doesn't want to be woken up to a blowjob?
She kept smiling back for a moment, then shifted around so she could get a better angle. A blowjob from below risks the upper teeth touching, but one from the side downwards puts the erection angle and the throat angle nearly the same. Plus, I considered as she moved, the tongue would come to rest along the upper glans, which on me was more sensitive than the underside. Maybe it was a matter of taste, though. I considered it briefly before getting lost in it.
Pulling up, she turned to me and said, "Good to see you're awake, sir."
"Red."
"Ok, Red. Good morning!"
"It is, thank you. You're... making it better."
She said, "How do you want it?"
"Do you have a preference?"
"Oh, I'm open. Really, really, open. I'm WIDE open, if you know what I mean." Her hand still moved a little on my shaft, but I knew she wanted me in her.
I laughed, "How about face to face? Missionary? You're very pretty."
She didn't bother answering, she just shifted up and turned around so she was laying feet towards me. I shifted at the same time to give her room to move.
Her muscular legs showed a hint of definition and I knew she was probably a runner, but her sitting back let me see her abdomen divide into a grid. Above that, her significant breasts, tiny-areola'd but large-eraser nipple'd, relaxed backward into her chest. There was a lot there, stiff and firm breast tissue, holding them up, and I resolved to discover those, first.
On the way there, though, I had to move up past her sex, which was parted and damp-looking, inviting my tongue in for a ride. I kissed my way in, only giving her legs a slight push open and she pulled them out widely for me quickly, bending at the knee.
Up her slit, I licked wide and firm, using my fingers to come up on either side and pull her open as I went. The taste was beautiful, soft with a sweet tang. I said, "I love the taste of you."
She just said, "Hmmm..."
Her lips parted under my tongue and I could push in just a little, wiggle, and then come up to tweak her emerging clit. My fingers went forward with the challenge, two going in and finding themselves squeezed nicely. Putting a rhythm with my tongue motion and hand moving, I changed into a lick-poke love machine.
She liked it.
To be honest, she didn't just like it, she came for me, gasping and groaning. The angle wasn't great for me, between her legs, but they closed on my head anyway and tried to crush me in the recently-predictable and delightful way that a woman orgasming does. I paused a moment, slowing down as she did, then started in again.
She exclaimed, "Again?!??"
I only affirmed iit with an "Mmm MMmm" during my licking, and she started to climb the response curve again, maybe another couple of minutes before her grunts became more wild noises of love.
After that slowed down, again, I started up, wondering how many I could give this person, but she grabbed me by the head and said, "I ... want you! Get in me, now!"
I laughed and moved up, though I stopped at her breasts and nuzzled them around, sucking them in and playing with them with my tongue. I loved the way they felt in my mouth, even on the back of my tongue when I could get a nipple in that far, but hers were more stiff than that and I couldn't open my mouth wide enough (despite trying!).
Her hands pulled me up again, and I moved up, my cock still very hard and ready for action, not even needing to reach with my hands to move, it to the right place and press it in. Her eyes and mine locked together, both of us lifting our eyebrows as I entered her.
Her resistance to my being inside pushed back slightly, my slipping in, then out, then in again made just a bit harder by the grip she had on me.
I said, "You ... are very ... tight? It's really something, I like it..."
She went from holding my shoulders to grabbing my cheeks and kissing me, full tongue and passionately. She said, "You are the ... second person in there... I was saving .... myself for marriage, a religious thing? But... that's not happening now. I don't think. I want a baby, a family, all the good stuff. I just won't have a husband."
Instinctively, I almost said something to negate that, to say sure, she was beautiful, she'd find someone for her, for sure. But, the numbers didn't make that possible. She was right. There would be no person just for her, no one person that would be by her side. If she wanted to be a parent, she could be a single parent, or a lesbian parent, but not have a monogamous husband.
My arms were under her shoulders, pulling myself up into her, each motion making my cock go into her hot, wet slippery pussy, all the way in until our pubic bones touched. With my legs together, I felt my cock starting to swell up, getting bigger at the head, and the sensations of the inside of her vagina rubbing along my glans just made everything so vivid and sensual. I wanted it to keep going on, and on, so I slowed down and enjoyed it more, punctuating my thrusts with sometimes-kisses and licks that met her licks, sometimes in her mouth and sometimes in mine.
I worried my weight was too much, initially, but then just decided to go with it and if there was a problem I'd adjust. She certainly didn't complain; her breasts cushioned my chest and her arms pulled me around the shoulders, then chest, then trying to reach down my back to touch my butt.
On and on I pushed in, until I felt myself starting to get closer, so I sped up, faster and faster, slamming into her hard, pushing and pushing in with reckless abandon, banging my cock as far up in as I could, and SPURT! I came, convulsing and SPURT crying out, holding her closely, SPURT and the world receded to be just me and her and her pussy and the feeling of me being IN THERE and the unequalled pleasure of SPURT coming into a beautiful, tight, wet CUNT, SPURT, into her, both of us moaning loudly as I owned that thrust SPURT and filled it with each successive wanton LUNGE, SPURT, convulsing in her with autonomic hip-thrusts SPURT oh GOD that was good!
With each, my vision went to singularity, my ears banged white-nose, and all my being became the singular, the everything-there-at-once, the orgasmic-SPURT of joy-all-consuming everything-ness.
Spurt-Convulsion.... Spurt-Convulsion ... Spurt-Convulsion ... I just kept coming... Spurt!
With her convulsing on me, it seemed, and my convulsing in her, we fed each other on...
I kept convulsing, something I felt in my penis as well as my hips twitching forward. Parts of my intellect knew I was spraying her insides with cum, but every little motion felt SOOOO good, I didn't want to stop myself. I wondered if my muscular pushing inside her was too much for her in some way, so I raised my head. We looked into each other's eyes and breathed together even SPURT EGADS as I kept SPURT coming into her. All these motions, as I felt them, she reacted, too, her eyes flaring and her arms hugging me tighter in a delayed reaction to each continuing SPURT-CONVULSE motion.
Her breathing, and mine, slowed down, and I let relax my tight grip on her shoulders. I started trying to breathe deeper, and I noticed that when I did attempt a deep breath, it caught and made a smooth inhale into a staccato series of jerky inhales. I couldn't do anything about it, and then SPURT I'd come again-oh-wow and it turned out I wasn't quite done yet.
After she calmed down from her orgasm, her smile told me she was greatly amused by me and my Spasming-grimace O-face.
I had to fall forward on her, letting go of any leftover tension, unsupported by my arms anymore. She pulled my head sideways and shifted so my head was down against her shoulder, then started stroking her fingers through my hair and making tiny coo-ing noises accompanied by little appreciative hugs. I felt cared about, it was a nice enveloping feeling.
We stayed that way for a couple of minutes, at least. I felt my cock deflate and pop out of her. She made a disappointed sighing sound, and I knew what she meant.
Hearing something by the side of the bed, I opened my eyes to see painted toenails on pretty feet.
Seeing them reminded me that although I wasn't into feet, I'd read in Human Sexuality class about people that were. It was one of those confusing things about sex, that some people were really into oddball edge-cases of stuff associated with sex but not exactly traditionally (to me) sexual. I didn't quite understand it most of the time. Sure, it almost made sense with some things, like lingerie, but I just like a naked body more than one covered in silks or weird looking gossamer costumes.
The feet changed as this obvious female crouched down, and I got to see first more of her legs, and then at the end, from the angle, up under her bent legs to her crotch.
In that crotch was a very wet, engorged, and quite-enticing set of nether lips that I just totally wanted to taste.
I know, I'd just been having sex, but this was another pair of lips, and it all just looked so damned sexy.
I rolled off of ... what was her name? Did she even tell me?
Anyway, I rolled off of her, towards the legs since there was more space that way on the mattress, coming to rest flat on my back and staring up the body of a trim, buxom, exotic-looking girl who seemed vaguely Hispanic in the features, maybe. She was crouching over me and it was hard to tell. Being very much below her, turned from her face and looked with the unabashed openness of someone who's just had sex and was very relaxed, right at her crotch.
I stared at it, looking at all her parts, then up her body to her boobs. She was holding a glass of OJ, but instead of taking that, I reached up easily, brushing past her arm, right up to her breast and lifted it, cupping it in my hand and squeezing gently, stroking down the side with my fingers, lightly enough to be appreciative but firmly enough not to tickle.
Getting to the nipple, I squeezed a little, wondering what she would do.
The OJ glass vibrated a little and she inhaled, "Oh!"
I kept holding on to the breast, but looked up to her face. I said what was in my heart. "You are beautiful."
"Thank you, sir."
"Red."
"Simata"
"Unusual name. What is it?"
"Aleut. Unalaska Native American, First Peoples, whatever, same thing."
"Ah."
"Your parents named you Red, then?" Her wink was almost imperceptible.
"Ri....Rick. You knew that."
"I did."
I reached over with my other hand and took the OJ, but moved the hand that was cupping her breast downwards. I almost had trouble reaching, but she shifted over a little to help me out. It found the flat of the back of her thighs, then up and over her butt and back, and then in between her thighs to her cleft.
Trying to show off a little, I moved that hand at the same time I lifted up the OJ to drink it, but it turned out to be too complicated and I almost spilled.
She laughed and said, "Here, I'll help." She lifted from behind my shoulders to give me a little more height, and I drank down the incredibly sweet OJ, only pausing my motions briefly and then continuing to run my fingers in, then out and circle-clit, in and circle, as best I could from that angle.
Her face started looking a little more 'concerned', which is to say stimulated, exactly what I was going for.
I finished the OJ and she set the glass down and my head, too.
Not wanting to be rude, I turned the girl I'd so recently been making love to, looking around to her face, "I never asked you your name...?"
"Debbie."
"Gotcha. Good to meet you, Debbie. Very, very good to meet you."
She was turning around to put her feet up the wall, tilting her hips up to let my semen run into her. I didn't think that with the sheer quantity of semen I pushed in there, there was any way that there wouldn't be enough to fertilize an egg if she'd ovulated recently. But, I'm not getting in the way of anything like that a girl wants to do, egads, no way.
Turning back, I said, "Simata... is that your formal name, or... do people call you that?"
She was busy inhaling and had her eyes closed, responding to my playing with her sex. She said, "Oh, sometimes people... well, no. Everyone just calls me Simata. My mother, she called me... other things. But, I am the Leader now." She said it very matter-of-factly, like she was endowed with a power now, a role she had to play that was not entirely of her choice.
The OJ glass was out of the way, so I said, "Turn around and let me lick you."
She moved, throwing a leg over me to face my feet, planting her sex right near me. I had one arm down and one up, so I pulled her crotch to me as best I could.
Telling someone to do something when you're having sex or playing sexually, is taking a risk. They may decide to do it or not, be offended, or not, and I had no idea if that would be the case. From before, I knew that if I asked either of them to do something that they found distasteful, that might result in some punishment for them. I totally didn't want to do that, but at the same time, I really wanted to taste her.
She moved willingly enough, so I presumed I wasn't doing anything wrong. Her sex descended towards me, and I pulled it with my hands to get it right over my face. I pushed her back down and forwards, to give me better access. One hand was in the right place to pull her lips open, so I did, and my mouth found her lips and lapped. My chin was over her clit, so I pressed up with that and lightly ground it in while I licked, to a good effect, I could tell.
Moving my head down and my mouth open farther, I could get my tongue to clit, and then over it -- lightly, oh-so-lightly, slow, then faster, and faster.
Her face was right near my deflated cock that I knew was very wet from having just been pumping into Debbie. Simata didn't seem to care, she licked me all up and sucked me back to life, slurping away even as I slurped away on her.
Suddenly, she sat up, feeling the time was exactly right to mount me. She stayed reverse-cowgirl, reaching back and getting my cock positioned just right before sitting down on it, all the way in, one smooth motion. I held her hips as she set up her own rhythm, pumping up and down on me, her hand making motions in front and sometimes touching the base of my shaft. She was rubbing her clit, and her moans got louder and more regular.
This was a girl who knew what she wanted and took it. I admired that.
My cock was thrusting into her and she didn't do the hip front-back thing, she was going up and down, bouncing, and my cock was going super-deep in her, I could tell because I was sure I was bumping cervix even as her butt was coming down hard on my upper thighs. It was calm motion, I'd just come, so she went slowly for a while, then started speeding up, more and more, until she threw her head back and started shaking.
She screamed out an orgasm, and I felt her pussy-walls grab-pulse at me, grab, grab, grab, grab... It was super nice to know I could bring that joy, but it also was so sexy I started coming myself. I felt it tighten my balls, then SPURT I was coming SPURT into her even though SPURT I had just come into Debbie SPURT not too long before.
As she relaxed, she fell backwards onto me, face up like I was, her legs bent back but then splayed out to the side so she could move. She let me hug her from behind, my cock up and between her legs and in her, my arms around her medium-build frame, my hands moving up to cup her breasts even as she exhaled and relaxed into me like I was relaxing into her.
Our breathing returned to normal over the next minute or three, and I realized my smile was a mile wide. This was the first sex that I'd initiated in a long time, probably. Her being hot and ready made it a lot easier, but that didn't matter much.
Debbie spoke up from next to me and behind me, her head faced the other direction but pretty close to me. "That was really, really damned sexy, even if it was upside down."
We laughed together, and Simata told her, "You started it, Debbie. You, and your 3 screaming orgasms. I was all the way across the room and I couldn't stop myself from watching. First, he was licking you and I could see you move, but after he mounted you, all I saw was his butt going up and down and up and down, pushing into you. That was damned sexy, too."
I shifted my head over and turned it to be next to Debbie. "Hey, Debbie, Kiss."
She laughed and tried the contortion, her hips still in the air against the wall. Her head rotated and we managed to do an upside-down kiss, though it felt kind of weird. We broke after just a moment, the strain to hold it was too much.
Simata laughed at us and said, "You silly people. Does that even work?"
I was still chuckling. "Almost. My tongue gets awfully involved in her lower teeth."
We talked for a while, just cuddling, Simata still on top of me, though my cock had slipped out of her. Debbie eventually turned around so we both could see her more easily. They told where they were when the General Alarm went off, what they did, where they went, discovering their parents were dead... all of that had some long pauses as we kind of digested the emotions around it.
They wanted to know where I was, but I summarized because I figured most of that was in some kind of write-up they were given already and I didn't want to repeat stuff they knew.
They both had siblings, though only Debbie had lost an older brother.
We must have chatted for over an hour, at least.
My stomach growled loudly and I realized I was starving. "Food?"
Debbie said, "They said in training that we should order through the med app, it'll be delivered fast and be healthy."
Shifting around, I allowed Simata to roll off, and I pushed over to try to get up. I succeeded, then tried to stand, did that, and surprisingly made it to the kitchen to get my pad without too much hassle.
The med app said (and I narrated out loud), "Med appointment strongly requested before next meal. Proceed to Clara Barton Hospital, 74A3F. Click OK to get a wheelchair for the ride (walking prohibited)." I shrugged and clicked OK.
Debbie rolled over, "Better get dressed, I guess."
We all pulled on clothes; only a minute or two after I'd hit okay a knock came on the door, then before I could say anything, it opened and a gal poked her head in, "Chair is here?..." She looked like she was a freshman in high school, maybe younger, and was quite surprised (I believe) to see that her pickup was a man. I wasn't that much older than she was, technically, but I think we'd all aged quite a bit since this thing started, and she was certainly old enough to push a wheelchair around.
As she and her compatriot (also young) swung the door wide open and pushed the chair in, I cringed away from the door since I had just pulled on pants and the whole room was visible to hallway passers-by. Debbie and Simata were decent but not completely dressed, an irrelevant fact for these girls. They were all business, there to pick up a person, deliver them, and move on, and all the rest of the waiting was boring. I could feel the teenage-girl-impatience dripping off them, and I had to laugh (though not out loud).
I finished dressing and sat down in the chair, figuring I'd have a moment to say goodbye, but they wheeled me out quickly. I shouted over my shoulder 'thank you, see you later...' but somehow, after I said it, I realized I probably wouldn't see them later, the way things had gone thus far.
As before, when I had gone for a walk, I was a celebrity just existing. People stopped, turned around, and let us by. Of course, they had further incentive since the chair had a flashing-light-pole and small Emergency-Services 'BEEP-bzzrp' that said, 'please allow passage' but not 'emergency, dive out of the way'; I'd seen those several times and when those attendants ran, they RAN, an pity the moron who didn't get out of the way in time. The smaller 'bzzrp' noise was courtesy, but Everyone Cleared, even for those.
On Ceres, everyone knew everyone, and social chatter was such that if you didn't get your ass out of the way of a chair, no matter the beep-type, it got talked about and debated and raised with you multiple times by multiple people. Such things only happened to you once before you got the clear message, and possibly not even that once if you watched what happened to classmates who transgressed some social convention.
The hospital was on a higher floor, lighter spin-grav to help sick people, and it felt really nice to not have so much pressure on me. Mostly the upper floors were offices and labs, and some old-folks homes. It occurred to me as we went down mostly-empty hallways there that a lot of open rooms were probably available there now.
The hospital had emergency rooms and clinic rooms, and I was shunted into a line for a clinic room. Again, my teen chair-pushers were bored, and talked obsessively (utterly ignoring me) about what they were going to do now that there were far fewer boys. Some of the boys in the lower grades had lived, and they knew them all by name. They were busy wondering if there would be men's water polo anymore, or men's football/soccer.
One of my chair-pushers rode horseback, and wanted to get out to the new game habitat where they kept the horses and sheep. I had only vaguely known there were horses on Ceres at all, but apparently there were, used for some experiments in low-gravity acclimatization medications, she explained to her friend, and the meds might not be available since some of the med staff were reallocated to finding a vaccine now, and wasn't it horrible that those horses might suffer from lowgrav bone loss, and oh-my-God can-you believe they'd do that to those beautiful animals?!?
My odd brain wondered (but I didn't ask) what doing a jump on horseback would be like in half-gravity, like the horse could go WAY farther? Or, would the horse figure it out, that it could jump higher but coming down would take strength, too?
Eventually, my turn in line came and they pushed me into an exam alcove, a fancy autodoc chair with a complete sensor array (big half-rings that closed over you like artificial ribs). They were pulled open and ready for me to lie down, but instead they got me out of the wheelchair and into a chair next to the table.
As soon as I was transferred, they palmed the nearest terminal and left, bored but chattering to kill the time. I was actually happy to have heard some of their talk since I didn't really know what was going on in 'the real world'.
A nurse arrived, a middle-aged woman of maybe 40, which was probably "old" then, given the population loss at upper ages. She distractedly told me to get undressed and put on a gown, then get on the table, quickly if possible. I did, of course, since I'd been through the routine before. The gowns fastened in the back with Velcro, but the slightest movement opened them up and I was quite sure I would show my ass to everyone.
To be fair, I realized I was a lot less shy than I had been before and didn't really mind too much. This was my first full physical since I'd gotten sick (not true, it turned out, but I thought so at the time) so it was a good thing I had the chance to get checked out.
Nurse Ratchet (yes, I'd read Ken Kesey) came back in, but then blew my initial image of her by going all soft-mothering on me and gently getting me situated on the exam table the right way and closing the donuts to start my processing. As I'd had happen more than a few times in my life before, the overstretched arms opened to allow tools inside to get access to me. Those tools started banging my skin with poofs of air and sucking blood out of me from different locations. One capably but gently lifted my penis and washed it with a light water spray that it then sucked into another vacuum hose, all nearly silently.
Several wands, maybe 5 or 6 of them, came down and touched my chest, stomach, abdomen, arms, legs, and just rubbed around a little. It started out being ticklish, but they poked harder at me and it became kind of a light massage. I knew they were taking interior pictures of me, and I wanted to know how I was so it wasn't a bother. I remembered when I was really young having it done, and being seriously irritated at the invasive tickling and pressure. But, of course, over time, everything turns mundane if you do it enough.
My stomach growled and the Nurse heard it and laughed, "Hungry, eh? We'll get you fed soon enough. Gotta check stuff out. Doc will be here in 5 or so."
Minutes, I hoped, and not hours.
The machine finished its processing and retracted the poking sensors, so I had to just wait for the doc.
Medics and doctors on Ceres were differentiated like military ranks. Doctors were like generals, commanding staffs of people around them, while medics were the kind of people that could recommend physical training for types of injuries or apply dressings to wounds (infected blood-blisters, I'd had twice, mostly because I was running a lot and didn't get new shoes fast enough).
The doc that showed up looked about my age, but very, very tired. She couldn't have been out of med school that long. She said Hi to me in passing, but was primarily interested in diving into subsystems via the big video display on one wall. I saw lots of green status lights, which I interpreted as good, but a couple of yellow ones, too. I was too far away to read what she was looking at, but she paused long enough to speak into a pen-mike while touching some items.
It got me worried.
Maybe 5 minutes into the scrolling, she finished, and that's a long time when you're waiting and watching and hoping you're not doomed.
"Well, Mr. Bailey... Red, it says here. How do you feel?"
"Uh, stronger than yesterday, but still tired. Mostly okay. A little achy, muscle soreness from walking yesterday, maybe, it's trivial, but you asked, so..."
"Sure. To be expected." She walked up to me and motioned for the nurse to retract the half-rings and sensors, which she did while we talked. She spoke with what was obviously a practiced speech, giving the same info to many people "You have the body of a 4 year old. I know, you're 19. Your body, however, has regressed. Each of the subsystems -- organs, cartilage, muscles, bones, skin, everything -- is like it's brand new. This is true at the deepest possible levels, biologically, at a cellular level. You're in more perfect health than any human your age anywhere except Ceres. Here, we have a colony of them. The SHAG has given you a new lifespan, though we don't know exactly what it will be. At this point, it seems like it's possible you'll remain this physical age for decades, or you could die next month of old age, we don't know for sure. The other SHAG variants that decimated Phobos 3 years ago had even fewer males survive, but the survivors are in such superb health it's giving medical research something to shoot for in developing therapies for senescent geriatric treatments."
She'd said this before, as I mentioned. I was waiting for the other shoe to drop, the bad news, so I asked for it, "Be frank. Please. I saw some yellow warning notes, what's up...?"
She laughed and said, "Oh... Uh, no. You're not in any danger whatsoever. Those yellows were from a toenail fungus, not harmful even if untreated your whole life long, some vitamin deficiencies, and buildup of fluids and hormones that indicate it's been more than 2 hours since you last ejaculated, and you'll be due for that again in another 1-4 hours. But, you knew that. So, nothing to fret about. You're fine. ... There is one thing, though, I'm obliged to tell you in person, by Council Edict."
This sounded ominous... "Yes?"
"You'll get official notification after this visit, but as of today, you are listed as being the father in... 14 pregnancies... So far."
This was ... stunning, a little... but at the same time, I kind of figured at least one or two... "So many?"
"You haven't read all the General Orders, obviously. We collected sperm from every living male as soon as we could. You were sampled many times, and were also given respite while you were asleep at frequent intervals by women who were both fertile and intended to become pregnant. So, you're probably going to be a daddy, sometime in the next 8 and a half months."
"Oh. Okay... Anything else?" I could tell she had more to say.
"Yes. You're officially forbidden to remain with one woman. Our society, medically, demographically, is in a survival mode. It takes about 6 hours of technical time and a lot of resources to do an InVitro Fertilization, IVF. That doesn't scale. It takes you about 10 minutes 4 to 6 times a day, and the results are actually more reliable. Also, IVF needs drugs, and we don't have them in abundance, we have to ship them from planetside or get small amounts from our sequencers. We're a colony, we're not set up for that. So, to keep things fair, you can't be monogamous. You don't have to make love with anyone you don't want to, that would be a rape of you. But, if you do choose to do so, we're going to try to make sure you're not playing favorites. Oh -- and we have a huge population implosion that's going to happen in about 10 years, and we need you to help prevent that...."
"Ok?" I didn't know what to say. This was a lot to spring on a guy at once.
"Good. Glad to hear we understand each other. You're healthy, go work out, get stronger. Any problems, report them immediately, we have to take care of you. See you next week."
With that, she left, and I was left wondering at the abruptness of it all.
I was about to sit up when a woman walked up, typed on a pad, and said, "Right... Housing. New quarters assigned, LF section Daisy, level 58-G3W. We'll have your belongings shipped, but it's furnished, mostly with the previous occupants' things, no next of kin, you get the windfall." She turned and just about then another pair of wheelchair handlers came up.
They stood there, waiting, as did she, as I rose, trying to keep my gown closed, and went to pull on my underwear and pants and otherwise get dressed.
She was toe-tapping, waiting for my dressing process, and then started talking again, and quickly, "Your next psych eval is in 6 days, it's on your calendar, don't be late or we'll send couriers, it's not optional. Gym for physical therapy is near your quarters, or any other gym you want to go to. We have the report of your altercation with a disgruntled person, you handled that well. Sorry to say it won't be the last. Lots of PTSD going on here, we're treating it but identifying it takes time."
I interrupted, "I hope she's okay... I hope... she's not punished..."
"She's on medical watch and confined, but not forever. PTSD is psych, a med condition, not a crime."
"Ah."
"Further contact with any person previously assigned to you is discouraged and will be noted.... Oh, ready finally? Good. This way..."
I'd dressed hurriedly. Two new girls waited with a new wheelchair, sat me down quickly, and got me out of there to open up space for the next person.
Once in the hallway again, they put on the beeper and we sailed through, not having to go up-down much but quite a ways south, probably near the base, deep into Ceres. I felt lighter -- spingrav on level 58 was exactly 58% Earth normal, so it was a lot easier to move around.
These girls didn't talk as we went. I looked at one of them and saw they were older, maybe college-aged, it was hard to tell. We got to the address and the hallway was wider than normal, and the door bigger, too, a double-door, which was pretty unusual. But, then, I'd mostly stayed in my general neighborhood, aside from a little exploration as a kid. It wasn't exactly prohibited, but being outside your area meant your parents got notified of where you were and had to sign-off on you being there or they got in trouble and you got in trouble.
When the door opened I knew I'd suddenly gained some kind of status! These quarters had multiple rooms, obvious from the living room I walked into having space for several couches and easy chairs, and one wall was a pretty realistic 3D projection of a woodland scene; I could almost believe it was a window, except for the blue sky and mountains in the distance.
There was a kitchen and dining area with space for 10 or so, a master bedroom with a king bed and nightstands (!!!) (this was unbelievable luxury), two small alcove-rooms that were fitted as closets (complete with women's and men's clothes), a laundry area, two different 4-cub queen beds so 8 total spaces plus the master king. There was another alcove where there could be another 4 cubs but instead was another small rec-room area with acoustic-control fabrics everywhere.
The place was ginormous, many times bigger than any residence I'd ever been in or really ever seen.
The girls who had pushed in my chair hadn't ever seen anything like it, either, so we walked around together finding the features. The kitchen area was significantly larger than normal, with already-stocked cupboards, though I didn't look through them very far.
After we'd been there a while, the main viewscreen in the living room lit up and asked for a login. I said my name and palmed the wall sensor.
The screen changed to the text, "Welcome to your new living quarters, Red." It obviously retained my previous settings since it called me Red instead of Richard - and I was happy I didn't have to set all that up again! Moving out of my parent's house had been irksome on that front. "Your schedule is as follows. Please pick from the following lunch menu..."
We ordered lunch for all 3 of us, and the schedule listed just tasks for today. The list included 'RCN debriefing', workout 1, workout 2, 'signature acknowledgement of Emergency Action Orders (timeout in 23:59...)', and 'Initial psych profile'.
The girls looked like they were there to stay, and I wondered to them, "Are... you here on your off hours, or is this some kind of official thing? And... it occurs to me, I don't even know your names."
The taller one answered "Lisa." She was a brunette just about medium-sized in every way but still having the high-school-girl thinness that accentuated her nice hips and pretty face. "And no, this isn't our off hours. We're here on purpose, otherwise we would have left right away. There's no rest for med-squads." She shook my hand, almost formally, but looked me in the eye with a smile.
I turned to the other one, a wispy blonde girl with long, flowing almost-curls that may or may not have been natural.
She said, "Stacy," and shook my hand, "and likewise, not off hours. We're RCNs."
I hadn't heard the term before, "R-C-N?"
Stacy smiled, "Respite Care Nurses, RCN. Surprised you haven't heard the term already."
"It didn't come up. I have to know... You both look like you're in high school. That's not bad, I'm just... confused."
Lisa took charge, "Listen, we need to make sure there's no misunderstandings. Obviously you don't know how things work yet. We've had two days of training, half a day just on your personal history, specifically. Yes, each of us is over 18 years old. I'm almost 19, Stacy turned... when, last month?"
"Two months ago." She looked sad all of a sudden, and I realized she was probably remembering a birthday party with people that weren't around anymore.
"So, don't worry about us being old enough. Everyone doing RCN work is required to be over 18, for anyone over 18. The system wouldn't assign someone the wrong age here. And, it would come up beforehand. Like I said, we had training."
"Training on me? Why?"
They both looked at me like I was stupid, "Protocols. Everyone operates by the same rules, very formal in parts. What we do, how we act, what we say, all these have pretty well defined boundaries. What you want to do, that's up to you, but how we react is pretty well set out for us."
"And, you're forced to do this?"
Stacy said, "Initially, sure, everyone was, had to be that way. But, fewer and fewer... It wasn't as vital, and they came up with the protocols to help, and it kind of snowballed. I believe your friend Davida had a hand in creating one of them, don't remember what one, they just mentioned it. Now, we're paid. Or, we will be paid... there's a structure. It's about getting a chance to become pregnant, and to rank-advance, and debt forgiveness, and a whole bunch of other stuff."
I nodded, "Pretty sweet deal, then?"
"We're volunteers. We signed up. There's no coercion."
Lisa came in with a, "Well.... Sort of...." But the back door knocked (an automated sound), and the video screen said, 'Say OPEN or "WAIT" or "DENY". I said, "Open!"
An older lady, maybe in her 50's, came in carrying some food bags. She said, "Lunch is here. Where would you like it?"
We pointed at a coffee table and got our food set out and started eating -- sandwiches with beer, a big fruit salad, and apple pie. I was famished, but after the meal I felt a lot stronger. The lady took the fabric bags away with her and left without saying goodbye. I wondered if I'd ever see her again.
We talked over lunch, and I heard the scuttlebutt.
There had been a surface ship out on survey patrol, two women and three men. They'd been out 6 weeks tracking all over Ceres checking out this or that possible mining site, but when they came back, they couldn't get in. More than that, they didn't want to, but they were running low on supplies. If the men came in, they knew, they'd be dead quickly, and one of the women was older, so she'd be dead, too. They didn't know what to do. Some people went up and gave them supplies enough for another 6 weeks. They bathed it in radiation first, though, like, lots."
"So, where are they?"
Lisa said, "There's another colony on the other side of Ceres, and they already told 'em, don't come here. That place is locked down pretty seriously, and who can blame them!"
Stacy shook her head, "They're going to die. Probably. We can't keep them there forever."
Lisa disagreed, "No, they might..." she got inspired, "... Use them for testing a vaccine!"
It was an idea. I was dubious. Bureaucracies tended to only respond when forced, and those people dying in a patrol ship weren't a forcing function.
I'd finished my food (though I couldn't eat much, I did make sure I had some pie). I was about to put my dishes in the sink, but I paused to consider how long it had been since I'd come... maybe, 3 hours? That meant I'd need to again, pretty soon. Looking at the two, I tried to decide how I wanted to approach the issue. I was almost to suggest a joint nap with someone, but the door chime rang again.
Lisa jumped up and went to get it, but I remembered the video instructions and said, "Open." Nothing happened, so she kept going and opened it by hand. Apparently the command was only for the back door.
In trooped a line of 6 girls, or women, variously, each carrying a small bag that they set by the door. They talked in a small group for a minute and laughed and then came over to the lunch table to see what we were eating. I was done, and some 'Ooo' and 'aah, looks good!' resulted in the remainders of our meals being parceled out and quickly consumed.
One of them took the empty dishes over to the kitchen washer, cleaned and put them away. I flashed back to a memory of my kitchen growing up where I had to be forced under extreme duress to do that by Mom and Dad. That led to an '... Oh. ... Right... They're gone.' moment, but I had to return to the present and a busy kitchen area.
Lisa looked over at me and they all got quiet, until I paid attention to her.
She said, "Rules. Ready?"
"Yeah, sure."
"This is how it's going to work. There's going to be a varying number of women in here, rotating in and out. As soon as someone performs Respite Duty, we call it that -- RD -- they are eligible to leave, though they don't have to until 12 hours later. Or, technically, maybe earlier, there's rules if you've gotten RD from more than half of us, someone has to leave. From our side, we give deference for RD to the person here longest. That doesn't apply to you, you can choose who you want with no worries, we will work around it, but you should know we might have different ideas about these things. If you don't choose a person for 48 hours, they'll rotate out anyway and get another chance with someone else later. Medically, that'd be suicidal anyway, but it's technically a rule. With me so far?"
That was easy. "Sure."
"You do not have to wait for a schedule to RD with someone. You must be VERY blunt with us. We do not know you. We cannot do subtle things if we don't know you. We aren't going to be around long enough to set up subtle patterns. If you want something, you need to just plainly ask. Again, we cannot guess what you want, you have to tell us very clearly, exactly what you want. If you want all of us to get in a circle and suck each other's toes, if that gets your rocks off, fine, we're happy to be a part of it. As long as it's genuine, we're all totally onboard with that. But, if we get the sense that you're treating us badly, or asking us to do unpleasant things just to mess with us, that's when things could go badly with you. I'm going to tell you, there are people of varying attractiveness who have volunteered, and being abusive, mean, callous, or unfeeling -- that can get you to a situation where you're surrounded by people not very attractive to you."
"Uh.... Okay?"
Lisa waved us all over to the couches, so we redeployed and sat down, getting comfortable, but it was still her and I talking, with them listening. "We have orders to follow, rules we have to live with. We will not do anything life threatening, we don't care if you get off on that, you can roll over and die before I risk my life getting choked or some crap like that. Though, you haven't tried it on anyone yet. Are you going to want to get into any bondage scenes?"
I was sure about this part, "NO. At least for the foreseeable future, I'm not... I'm not into that stuff." Considering a moment, though, I considered it, and said, "But, if someone here... or, someone later, really wants to be spanked or have their hair pulled? Or something like that? To help them get off? I'm probably okay with helping with that, I guess, but the whole danger or serious pain thing seems wrong to me."
She nodded, and then looked at one of the girls who seemed to be taking notes on her pad.
"These are people you don't know, right? That means, it might be hard to tell me the truth for this next part. But, I want the truth, as best as you can, okay? Here goes. We know that you like being 'cleaned up' after having sex. All of us know this, now. We're going to presume it. Some one of us will take that responsibility, if that's something you like."
I was a little embarrassed, since it kind of had a power dimension to it, but it just felt so damned good... I said, "I did like it, and I do like it, still... it just feels really good."
"Right! We know. You've said that, and we get that, it's fine. We also know about the lesbian stuff..." She paused and looked around, and most of the girls nodded, "...that you like to watch two girls making love while you're having sex with one of them, or with someone else. Is that right?"
I thought about it, and tried to be honest, "Absolutely. It's really sexy to see that there are options in the ... action? And, it's more than that, it's... that it's more than me having fun. If it's only me having fun, it feels one-sided and... kind of mean."
She nodded, "We figured that, so we're prepared for that. Bear in mind that most of us don't have much experience with that yet, but given the ratios on ceres now, we're probably going to have to get used to it eventually. So, you can know, it's okay to ask for stuff like that, but be prepared for no answers."
"Cool!" This sounded like fun to me.
"Lastly, we have just a few more questions. Are you into, or considering that it might be fun to experiment with, any of the following: Peeing on someone or in someone's mouth, having them pee on you, or watching someone pee on someone else?"
I'd heard of such things, but it was kind of disgusting. My eyebrows probably bunched up to reflect a scoffing answer, "No, thanks."
"Anal sex, either giving or receiving?"
I thought about it for a moment. "My immediate answer is no, but... if someone wants it? I might eventually say yes to doing that, but I'd be a novice so if that's the case they'd better help me out with the ideas, then, I think." I was almost done, but something else occurred to me. "That'd be only for giving? I'm... not into the idea of having anything in MY butt..."
She nodded. "Okay, understood. There may be someone who wants that, but generally, but some percentage of us are trying to take the leader's advice and get pregnant, so that wouldn't be the way to do it." She paused, then asked me if I had any questions.
Nothing occurred to me, but then, I asked, "Uh, for right now? I am going to need... soon..."
"I noticed. We all probably noticed, you're ready for something. I got elected to explain here, so... choice of partner is yours. Who would you like first?"
Looking around, they were all basically really pretty. Seniority probably went to the people who'd been with me the longest, which would be Lisa and Stacy. I looked over at Stacy and said, "Stacy?"
She was already smiling, and she jumped up and came over. I stood, too, and said, "How about we use the bedroom... I don't think I've ever been on a king sized bed before."
She said, "Me, neither!" as we walked there.
Getting in the room, she wasted no time and pulled off her clothes quickly, a bit more so than me. I wasn't in a huge rush, but looking at her gorgeous body, I got more excited at the prospect. Her breasts were very nice, medium-sized, lovely, pert, and she was pretty thin, too. I watched the muscles play a little, not that she had an excess of visible definition like some of the others, but it was enough to make her sexy.
She helped pull my clothes off and we went to the bed, turning down the covers and having me sit on the edge. She took my cock in hand, quite hard already (it had been for a while) and started to suck it, going down but not getting far before she choked. I think the head was kind of big for her mouth. She looked at it a little apprehensively, too, but worked the problem. All the while, her other hand was busy between her legs, so I knew she was getting herself wet and ready.
After a couple of minutes of this slow play, not very stimulative for me, but good for her I presumed, she asked, "How do you want me?"
"Straight up missionary, I guess. You're really pretty, I'd like to look at your face."
She smiled at me and said thank you, and got onto the bed. I moved up between her mostly-straight legs and positioned myself, looking at her smiling face and got encouragement to go ahead. I went slowly, to start, not being in a big hurry and wanting to enjoy myself; I hadn't given her any oral but she seemed to be enjoying herself anyway.
As we went, I could tell my above-average girth was giving her some greater-than-normal enjoyment, her gasps and moans starting small but building steadily. Four or five minutes in, I leaned back and used my thumb on her clit, undulating my cock just slightly as I did and figuring the stimulation would help.
It helped.
Stacy's face screwed up rapidly and her breathing got gaspy, a flush spreading over her chest and her nipples poked out strongly. She came, yelling, yelping really, with some low-pitched guttural grunts thrown in for good measure. Her legs clamped on me and I switched to lay down on top of her and started thrusting rapidly, hoping that would enhance things. It seemed to have the desired effect as well.
I came, spurting into her, my balls clenching and my universe going into tunnel-vision. I had given up a long time ago trying to be quiet, and actually thought that my own grunting or moaning made my enjoyment better because I wasn't spending attention or energy preventing it. On, and on, and ON, I pushed in, pressing and stretching, maybe even grinding her clit with the top of my cock. I knew she was getting great sensations by her eyes rolling up in her head, from what I was able to glance and see.
Settling down in post-coital bliss, I collapsed on her, hoping I wasn't too heavy, but I hadn't had any complaints about being too heavy so far so I figured I was okay. Her breasts, I could feel, were pressed into my chest, and I loved that part, that soft part of holding me up with softness.
A minute passed, so gave her a quick kiss, gently though, and rolled to the side. Staring at a ceiling in an actual bedroom was kind of novel, unique, interesting... I'd read about doing this in books, but hadn't ever really been in one.
It almost made me agoraphobic. There was a lot of open space around me all of a sudden.
Sleeping in a cub your whole life and then sleeping outside? I'd obviously done that on the floor in my former room, but... the walls were a lot closer there.
Our breaths returned to us, and Stacy turned around so her feet were towards, and up, the wall, tilting her hips up to make sure all my cum would stay in her.
As she did, I saw the door open a little, and a girl I hadn't seen much of, poke her head in. She said, "Uh, are you... done?"
"Yep. A very fine time was had...." I looked at Stacy and asked, "... By all?"
She nodded happily, "That's a 'Yep' here, too."
The girl came in, stark naked, shutting the door behind her. She was really tall, I could tell, and thin, with a relatively flat chest and a generally unpadded frame. I'd characterize it as gaunt, maybe, and I worried if she'd be fragile.
The general idea about such people was they'd spent too much time in zog when they were kids -- it lengthens the bones.
She had no bush, but her hair was so blonde I wasn't sure if I could have seen it if she did, at least until she got closer.
Closer she got, right up next to the bed, my face mere inches from her crotch. I reached up to caress her hip, and she bent over towards me, holding herself off the bed with one arm and using the other to hold my penis while she sucked and licked it clean.
There's nothing to do when this happens but just accept the gift of beautiful sensations she was giving me. I may have moaned a little in appreciation, because she moaned back at me with a yummy-sound of "Mmmm-Mmmm!"
Around my balls she went down, ensuring I was completely clean, but really she'd gotten it all to start with.
I asked, "Stacy? If you want, she can lick you clean, too? I'm sated for now, but if you and her want to, that's absolutely fine with me."
The new girl looked at Stacy and raised her eyebrows.
Stacy said, "No, thank you, I'm okay. Thanks for thinking of me, Red."
I asked, "What's your name?"
"Clarita."
"Well, Clarita, may I have some kisses? ...Oh, wait, I'd ... I'd love it you could kiss Stacy, first, just lightly."
"Okay."
She bent over and was ready to give Stacy a peck, but instead Stacy licked her lips and looked up, and then pulled Clarita down to her mouth. They embraced and kissed, very nicely.
"That's ... really sexy."
They kept kissing for a while, and then Stacy broke the kiss and said, kind of panting, "You know... I... actually... Yes?" Her head nodded down her body.
Clarita understood and moved down her as Stacy opened her legs, bending them in the process. I was grinning my ass off and loving the view as Clarita kissed Stacy's abdomen, and then down onto her crotch, licking and kissing and nibbling her way around. For a while, it was just steady licking, and I heard Stacy's breathing get more labored and interspersed with moans. Clarita's body moved onto the bed and she knelt beside Stacy's head, grasping her butt with both hands since Stacy's sex was upturned and open for the feasting.
I couldn't do much to help, so I rolled on my side and idly played with Stacy's nipples, then a little with Clarita's, too, because why not, and then got to fingering Clarita from behind. Moving around, I came up behind Clarita and reached around with one hand, fiddling with her clit as I gently stroked and fondled her meager breast tissue. There wasn't much there to fondle, but what there was I cupped and kneaded as best I could.
My cock was showing interest again, so I positioned myself right and let the head of my penis stroke back and forth on Clarita's sex. She moved backwards at me, pressing her butt into me, still slurping and sucking on Stacy all the while.
Once I'd done this enough, my cock was hard enough again and since my hand was reaching around her hip anyway, I just pressed it into her, getting a solid pushback in the process. She was totally wet for me, I'd seen to that, and very tight, almost too tight.
I thrust slowly, wanting this to last for Stacy, and knowing that I wasn't going to come fast myself anyway. Eventually, Stacy came again, grunting and yelling, and I could see that Clarita's head was trapped between Stacy's legs in a locking leg-pinch move.
Once she'd calmed down, I pulled out and asked Clarita to lay flat, face down, and spread her legs. In my Sex-Ed class, it listed different positions and it said facedown-flat was good for super-thin people because the guy could reach under and use his fingers.
Trying this, we got situated and I resumed pumping, looping one arm under her shoulder to do a pull-up, almost, even as the other hand was making rapid motions on Clarita's clit in time to thrusting my mushroom-headed cock deeply into her.
The feeling was fun, too, because I could touch my own shaft as I rode into her, and even put my fingers on either side as I went in. Mostly, though, I could feel her hard nubbin of a clit popping out and my touching it produced strong results.
Clarita didn't last long.
She came, screaming recklessly into the mattress almost-unintelligible words and phrases that ended with '...YES!' or 'Mine-Gott!!' (which I later found out was 'my-God!' in German.
Her squeezing cunt did good things for me, too, and soon I was propped up and going jackhammer-style into Clarita's pussy, taking a couple of more minutes to come at just about the time she lit up a second time. This was amazing stuff, I thought, having sex with beautiful women.
I figured I'd better say something, though I waited for a while to pull out and roll off.
Clarita turned and lifted herself to kiss me soundly, her tongue in my mouth and a smile on her lips. She moved, then, though, and propped her legs up next where Stacy's had been, though Stacy had moved around to sit next to us.
I lay back and relaxed, closing my eyes.
Warm lips kissed around my penis, and I pried my eyes open enough to look and see it was Stacy doing the licking. After she finished, she shifted over and kissed Clarita softly. I heard a very faint, "Thank you" and "You're very welcome!" pass between them. It made me happy to hear.
I drifted off...
== Chapter: Life in a Luxury Apartment ==
Waking up next to skin is a great thing. Waking up with skin on both sides of you? Heavenly. I was being spooned; boobs pressed against my back, probably thigh skin against my butt. In front, my lower arm went along a back but my upper arm hugged her to me, my hand between two breasts.
Coming awake, I realized where I was, that this was a big bed, and that I had a hold of a beauty. I moved my hand and felt her shift in front of me, pushing back against... the boner I was sporting up her back, between her butt-cheeks.
I moved my hand and she grasped it, pulling it over her upper breast so I could fondle freely. And, fondle I did, gauging mass, consistency, firmness, and skin-softness. Oddly, her areolas seemed to be larger than normal, but as I touched them, she inhaled in a way that said, 'sensitive!' so I went slower.
Going entirely by feel, I discovered her areola was puffy and raised out from the surface of her breast, topped with a medium-sized nipple that felt like a hard pencil eraser on the palm of my hand. I stroked and pulled, like I'd seen girls do, tugging outward on the breast from the sides and letting my fingers slide towards the nipple, only to roll it slightly between the bases-to-middles of my fingers. They did this to themselves, so I figured she'd enjoy it if I did it to her.
She enjoyed it.
Her lower arm was vibrating a little, and I felt that vibration below, so she must be frigging herself a little.
Behind me, the breasts were moving, rubbing up and down my back, and hot breath came by my head. I wasn't going to object to any of it, the sensuality just flowed over me.
In front, her leg lifted up and she shifted up, making access for her hand to reach between her legs and grasp my hardness and pull it to rub lengthwise over her slit. Her hip motions paused, and I could feel her fingernails slightly as she continued to rub her clit, my cock just resting there. Her breaths were getting faster and moaning stronger.
Behind me, by my butt, I felt another hand, the girl behind me doing the same thing to herself as she rubbed her front on my back.
The light in the room showed me I didn't know either one of these women, but it didn't matter. My cock had a need, and they had the place to put that need, a place I was feeling and warmly anticipating.
Not wanting to interrupt, I let my front-partner go faster and faster even as I pulled her breast in calm rhythm, repeating the same motions that had made her inhale before. I loved it that she might be close to coming. Suddenly, she reached down and arching her back, pushed my cock into her pussy, just putting the tip in, at an odd angle so I was poised there, and her fingers still moving. Her breath was raspy then, in moaning, wanting gasps, and she said, "When I come, push in, hard, okay?"
I didn't know if the angle would work, but I said, "Okay... You're amazing, sexy, wow.."
Her body kept moving, undulating a little, and she built just a little further, then she started coming, exploding in motion, and pushed back against me. I pushed my hips up, using my lower hand under her hips to get purchase.
My cock was obviously not quite right, but then, it was, and I was in a super, super tight passage, her orgasm pulsing on me and her body writhing around. She cried out sharply as I went in and then kept pushing as best I could despite the tightness in slow motions. I felt it was wet, thought, so I stopped worrying about that, and just kept pushing and pulling, deeper and steadily as best I could while her body whipped around on me.
Something about this process was odd, and I realized that the resistance that I'd felt was a hymen, and she'd managed to lose her virginity to me without telling me ahead of time.
She slowed down her frenzy, and I kept a steady motion going, rocking into her, but the strain was a lot to bear, going sideways.
I decided to switch, so I turned my head to the gal behind me and said, "I'm moving around. Can you get the covers?"
She pulled them down, and I sat up, pulling out briefly and coming around, pushing the front-girl's leg down so I was positioned kneeling while she was lying on her side. I pulled her leg out and pushed my cock back up into her wetness, seeing a little red on it and knowing I was right, that this was her first time. I wanted to make it nice, but I was feeling a need to go a little faster this time.
Stroking steadily and holding her leg for support, I was looking up at her face, her very nice puffy-nippled breasts, and next to her, another girl, naked also, her legs bent and splayed, her fingers rubbing all over her pussy. Her forehead was starting to get wrinkled in anticipation of Want, Want of my cock, Want of an orgasm, Want in general as her fingers played on her clit and down in and then around her clit again. Her smile was bashful but her eyes said she needed at the same time, a heck of a face to make at a guy.
Not much I could do about her, I thought, so I just stroked into front-girl. Her pussy was incredibly tight on me and giving great pressure all over. I felt my cock jump a little, and I wanted to have some of the back-girl, too, so I told her, "Hey, lay on top of her so I can do you doggie, and switch back and forth..."
Back girl immediately sprang over and lay face down on front-girl, her pussy right over front-girl's hips, two pussies right next to one another. I pulled out of front girl and pushed myself up and into back-girl, almost in one motion, feeling the stark difference between them in tightness and general ... flavor? The feelings from the two pussies were distinct but both incredibly pleasurable.
I stroked in and out for about 30 seconds, then switched back, then back again, and forth again, speeding up each time. Back girl's legs were spread so that her mons was right over front girl's hip bone, and it looked like she was able to push against that and get some clit action. I tried to help a little on back girl's clit while I was stroking into front-girl, too, which helped.
My work was paying off, and I felt myself building and building. My balls got tight, my vision crowded, and... and... SPURT! I was coming, spraying into now-bottom girl's virgin cunt, pump-WOW... and it seemed, SPURT! I should balance this, so I pulled out and pushed into top-girl and SPURT I was in there, too, coming and loving it, moaning my pleasure and hearing them echo it, too.
Switching back and forth again, they each got a healthy dose of my white-stuff, pummeled into them with abandon and significant enjoyment.
Bottom-girl's arms were wrapped around top-girl's back, so she must be twisted under there, I thought, and that turned out to be right as I pulled out and sat back to breathe. My cock was starting to deflate and I had to relax a little.
Top girl threw a leg off and dove back to me, headfirst into my crotch, and started sucking me dry. She made some "mmm"-ing noises, like she was noticing something, and I guessed that was the hymen blood.
Well-cleaned, she sat back and looked at me, her breasts bouncing a little as she did, her wide smile turning into a lip-smack motion and sound-effect, "Tasty!" She turned a little to bottom-girl, smiling up at us, too, and said, "Got some of that, Dee, like you said."
Confused, I said, "You're Dee, then?"
"Short for Desdimona. Obviously, I have people call me Dee."
"Dee, then. You didn't tell me you were a virgin..."
"We didn't really have time to talk. And, I knew it perfectly well, that was enough. I told Shirley, here, she knew, so if there was some problem she could help. Girls talk, you know."
There was an implication there, some baggage I wasn't in on, so I let it slide. "Oh. Okay, I ... know that. So... I ..."
"You hope you were good enough, that it wasn't disappointing."
"...sort of?"
"Yes. You were fine. I was ready for you, I knew about what was going to happen. I'd planned most of it... but it was still kind of surreal, like, is this really happening now? Is this what my life is now? I wanted it, definitely, but I kind of thought it would be different somehow."
I thought about it. "Yeah. The first time I had sex it was kind of surreal, too, like, I'm getting away with this? She actually wants this too? How very cool is that!"
She laughed, "That's such a guy thing to say."
"Probably. She was prettier than I was... well, not prettier, I'm not 'pretty', but..."
She laughed. "I get it... Girls have it different. We have some pain associated with it, sometimes. Some of us do. I know girls who got bigger dildos so they didn't have a hymen to break. It's not like they're hard to get -- just print one up. I didn't, though. I wanted to be... natural? Kind of? That might be painful, I knew, but, I was kind of scared to do that myself. I'd set myself up that it was going to be this knife-to-the-guts thing, so anything less than that, it ... worked out."
A silence hung between us for a few moments. I let it hang there, relaxed.
She continued, "The good parts made it worth it."
I agreed, emphasizing the words, "Yes. The Good Parts."
The other girl, Shirley, apparently, had just kind of been listening in, but she chimed in, "YES. The Good Parts!'
We all were smiling, but I realized something, "I'm hungry! Probably need a shower first, though."
Des said, "Don't we all... What do you want to eat?"
"Whatever is normal for this time of day? What time is it?"
"About 10 pm."
I joked around, "Oh. Maybe a real steak?"
They laughed. Real steaks were large sections of meat, usually from a goat or sheep, but those were rare. Usually we had vatsteaks or hamsteaks.
"Okay then, maybe Pasta, red sauce or something. Salad, veggies, whatever. I'm hungry. Gotta clean up first, though."
I got up, and walked, slowly but still faster than I'd been a day ago, and opened the door from the room into the bathroom, next door to the bedroom. The hallway door was open, but it didn't matter -- there were 3 shower stalls. I used the commode and then got in and hosed off.
Someone came in and used the commode while I was in there. I heard it, but they came and went out of my vision and I didn't worry about it. It did occur to me they had to be female, and how that very idea, a girl being in the bathroom while I was, at the same time, would have scandalized me at some point in my life.
The 10 minute shower really relaxed me. I was stronger, too. I could walk around, and stand for a while... until it got tiring, and 10 minutes was about as long as I wanted to be standing.
Stepping out and luxuriously drying off alone, in private, aside a well-tuned (not over-hot, not over-cold) dryer, I went back to the bedroom to discover Dee (and the other one? Didn't ever know her name) were gone, and the bed was made. What I should wear, then, I thought, because I didn't see any clothes. Before I could figure that out, Lisa came in.
"Hey, Mr. Clean One."
"Hey!"
"You're probably looking for clothes. We put 'em in the laundry, but you have a closet full of others, right there. No worry about the ones you came in."
I turned around and opened the door she'd motioned to. I'd thought it was a utility area, but it was a walk-in closet, filled with clothes, towels, all manner of things. This was the lap of luxury!
Quickly dressing, I came out and closed the door behind me. The shoes weren't the right size, so I had to find my old ones.
Lisa was waiting, and handed me a pad, "Menu here." The group of girls were still on the couches, talking in low voices. They were noticing what I was up to, almost casually, but I could tell some were nervous by some fidgets.
I looked down, and saw a huge variety of food was available, a lot more than a normal menu, pages and pages of it. It got to be too much. I sat down in a chair by the kitchen table and said, "Chinese sounds good. Stir fry veggies, fried rice, pot stickers... Do they really have calamari? Oh, my god, and... scallops! Really?"
This was a real question. Seafood was plentiful since it could be grown in massive tanks outside the habitats. Low gravity didn't affect fish like it affected livestock and other mammals. But, I was surprised to see we were growing squid.
She looked at it, "Huh. Really? Must be new."
I had only had calamari once, but it was super-tasty. Scallops, I had the next day, some kind of experimental thing my dad's friend had going, we got a little tiny bit of them and the scallops just melted in my mouth with yummy goodness. I ordered them both, "I'm ordering both. If they have them, great. I'll let everyone have a taste."
Lisa laughed, "You don't have to. Everyone already ate, earlier."
"I'm not trying to impress anyone, I just think it's cool, and trust me, you'll love them."
I made my selections. While we waited for delivery, Lisa asked where I'd had scallops before, so I told her about visiting my dad's friend had set up a farm for them in mined-out caverns. Since each cavern was a 500 meter cube, filling them with water was initially just a way to store excess water, especially because it had so many dissolved heavy metals and minerals in it. Once it was treated, though, we had to have a ready reserve for the colony and for shipping elsewhere, and they usually just let it freeze again.
Instead, he set up a heat dump there to keep the water liquid and circulating, and thought fish might be nice. Some of the mussels they'd used for heavy metals filtering, readily absorbing the mercury, but after that was all cleared out, they had the racks the mussels attached to, so they just repurposed them for growing scallops. Food supply for very little effort, he said, just lights, heat pumps, some monitoring, and adjusting of biota so the mixture was right.
The food arrived, and indeed there was a container of sea scallops, and I let everyone have a tiny bit, since I only got 6 and there were more people than that.
I was contented after the meal, but not tired for the first time in a long time, so I read through the Emergency Action Orders. I'd been meaning to, but hadn't been awake long enough.
The first set were the ones I'd seen before -- right as the outbreak happened. Interspersed with the orders were notifications of things happening on the colony, not orders per se, just FYI stuff.
 Military Personnel: All monitoring and deep-space tracking duties are hereby suspended. With Haste: Set equipment to automatically record events for later analysis.
 Any person experiencing symptoms should seek help immediately. Respite care will be given as soon as possible. If you are alone, contact any available person for assistance.
 All prisoners are to be released immediately from any lockup or brig.
 Damage Control pattern 2SIDE4 shall govern. Each residential room should be in contact with the rooms on either side of them at least every 4 hours. Same rules for Hallway DC teams and floor DC teams.
 Medics strongly recommend against using any cooking oil as vaginal lubricant. Cooking oils may be used on external body parts, but should be cleaned off with soap after each use.
 At least daily, report who has been in any room for more than 4 hours, to assist tracking personnel.
 All rules concerning public nudity, public displays of affection, lewd or lascivious behavior, or other similar restrictions are hereby repealed.
 All civil marriages will be dissolved effective one week from today at noon. Likewise pending divorces. New marriages may be registered but require a minimum of four women per man.
 All males are hereby notified that sperm collection will be required at least monthly, for general population use. Additional collections will be paid at rates posted in collection centers.
The rules continued and I read on, mostly it was stuff I'd heard before.
 Altered terms are now in effect concerning housing prices, child bonuses, and suit rentals for topside use. Male suits are restricted use and must be approved by Director-level or higher.
 Sperm and human egg cell 'donation' prices are now regulated per guidelines. Surrogacy subsidy payments are also increased.
 Station personnel assignments deemed temporary will largely be made permanent this week.
 Chancellor's office: funding, ground-breaking next week for seven (7) new spin-habs, approximately doubling our count. However, new habs will be Gen-M designs, with 10x the enclosed volume. Once the embargo is over, many new emigres will want to come, and we can be ready for them. Generation M includes family-friendly units with space for up to 12 children per unit, playgrounds, sports centers, and aquatic centers.
 Lactation assistance and childcare centers need additional staff. Should insufficient paid staff be present, conscription for such services will be instituted, one day per week per person.
There were more, but those were the important ones.
== Chapter: Seeing Daf Again ==
That afternoon, several people showed up with rolling carts filled with tote boxes -- all the contents of my room, including Tipu's and Anyu's stuff. I think there wasn't a next of kin there, or they might not have bothered. I accepted delivery, and was thinking about where to put it when another set of deliveries arrived -- my parent's stuff. Their hab wasn't big to begin with, but they had some things in long term storage that I got the receipt for also.
I sent a text to Daf to have her come over to see things so we could decide what we wanted to do. Her reply was instant but said, "At work. If you say this is urgent, I'm allowed to skip the day with pay."
Deciding it was 'urgent', I said, "Yes. It is urgent." I sent her my new apartment location.
About 10 minutes later, she showed up, looking very confused. As I opened the door, she said, "Uh.... You LIVE here now?"
I agreed, "Fuckin' awesome, ain't it?!"
She came in and set down her pack. The girls there at the time introduced themselves, as did Daf, and we set up an operation where we could go through my room's stuff, separate out clothes that might fit me or not (to sell/donate), personal stuff of the other guys, and just general things we'd want or not.
I was getting randy watching this one gal, Szdef, so I said, "Respite?"
She agreed quickly, but instead of going to the bedroom, Szdef went over to the couch near us. She deliberately pulled off and folded her top, pants, and panties (leaving her shoes and socks on) and stuck out her butt towards me with a little wiggle.
The room was definitely not empty. Dafne was there. She was watching this, and almost said something, but a gal named Zola interrupted her and said carefully, "Ap! Ap! Wait!"
Daf turned to her, and Zola continued, sounding like she was quoting law. Looking it up as I'm writing this, the quote was from the following:
 "Interfering in procreational activity, in any way including discouraging remarks, physical interposition, inciting fear, imposing time limits, etc., shall be considered a class-B misdemeanor punishable by up to 2 days in solitary, loss of privileges, fines up to 2 days wages, rescheduling from procreation waiting lists, and other consequences at the discretion of the magistrate, per occurrence. Multiple occurrences may be upgraded to a class-D felony."
Zola didn't quote the whole thing, but she didn't need to. My sister got the message quickly and shut up. I hadn't heard of this yet, but I was busy listening while rubbing my hand up Zsdef's thighs and over her sex to see if she was 'ready'.
She wasn't quite, so I bent down and stuck my face in to kiss and lick around a little.
This whole idea made me self-conscious, but Zsdef seemed to ignore it, so I just did the needful and started licking.
It wasn't too long and she was more than ready for me. I stood up to pull down my pants, but another girl had come up beside me and helped me with them, pulling my cock into her mouth just as soon as it was free from my underwear.
Not two bobs on me, and she'd pulled me over to aim me into Zsdef's waiting pussy, all pouty-lipped and waiting. She stayed there, too, as I pushed inwards, so I suggested she could play with Zsdef's boobs while we stroked.
The effect on Zsdef was pretty nice, but I quickly asked this other girl, Yonit, to get naked, too, since I might want to come in both of them.
Yonit moved fast, and as soon as she was naked she leaned over the top of Zsdef's back to grab her breasts from both sides.
I shifted my right hand Zsdef's hip to Yonit's sex and found it was already wet, so I pulled out from one and into the other.
I'd only tried this once before, and liked it. I stroked in one, then switched back and stroked in the other.
At some point, though, I looked over at the rest of the room. The other girls were either reading on their pads, or watching us; one had one hand in her pants and the other up her shirt.
Dafne, I saw, was biting her lower lip and watching, a concerned look on her face. She'd glanced at my face as I turned my head, but her gaze went back to watching what my cock was doing, probably from her angle getting a good view of my cock going in and out of Yonit.
After a few moments, Dafne's eyes came up to meet mine, and my smile as I stroke in. I was having a good time, for sure, but there was an aspect of "I'm getting away with this" that I felt, too, as a fun aspect. Dafne's eyes, though, just reflected more of a questioning look. There might have been some desire in there, but it wasn't judgmental.
I kept stroking in and out, having a good rhythm with them. They both had thin waists and wider hips than mine, though some of that (I considered, looking at the geometry) was just due to the way they were standing.
Grunting, I came, pulsing a jet out and feeling my knees weaken, groaning loudly as I did since it didn't seem to matter if I made noise. I let a few spurts fly, and then shifted over, pulling Zsdef's hips and only shooting two ropes out onto her back as I shifted to push into her wet and ready pussy. There, I finished out my cum, grunting and slamming my hips strongly into hers.
Opening my eyes, I saw two girls come over, ready to assist, somehow, but instead one brought out a sort of turkey-baster suction tube, setting it into the little drops of semen that had flown out as I missed.
This was fascinating to me, even if I was just kind of rolling in the happy of a just-cum-joyfest. She squeezed the suction bulb and pulled in a little, then a little more, and more, until she'd gotten most of the cum splatter off Yonit's or Zsdef's back and butt.
Taking this, she went back to sit on the nearby couch, pushing the end into her pussy and watching for some lights until she got a green and pressed a button to release the sperm she'd collected.
The other girl watched this, too, but as soon as I pulled out of Zsdef, she (being naked) bent over and parted her lips for me. "One last pump, sir?"
I said sure and did, though my erection was partially subsiding by then.
Coming back around, Yonit turned as I pulled out and, on her knees, sucked me in and licked me all over to clean me up.
A clean-up feels heavenly!
Sitting down on the couch, Dafne came and sat down on the same couch, just kind of watching with me. Her blank expression made me wonder.
She said, "Red, you know, you get money if these girls give birth, right?"
This was news. "Really?"
"Yep. Parentage fees, paid to men, come from the general welfare fund. Every conception and birth pays fees both to mother and father, especially if there's no medical intervention required to facilitate things."
"How much?"
"Per each? I think it'd pay for at least a month's rent on this place."
"That's an idea."
She looked at me.
"You could live here, too. It's huge. There's an entire room, four cubs and study cube, empty. You could stay here."
"I'm not sure I want to."
"Come on, Daf. I miss you. We haven't... talked much since I left for college."
"Why do you want me here? So you can fuck me again?"
"Wow." I wasn't sure about that. "Uh... I didn't ask for that."
"You spent a long time talking with that chick."
"I knew her brother. She looked like her brother."
Daf said, "You could have refused."
"Medical. I doubt it."
Daf was quiet again. Finally, she said, "I've seen things. I'll never get married now, have a husband, a normal family. All of that is gone."
"Me, too, you know."
"You get tons of sex with random women."
I looked around. "I'm enjoying that right now, but... It may get old. I like having friends, and Tipu died. And ... the others, too. I'm ... alone, sort of, even in this crowd."
She considered that. "Fine. I'll be back tomorrow with my stuff. Which room?"
"Pick one. Pick the best one, whatever. But, I'm in the master."
She nodded and stood up. "Mom liked cooking. There's a kitchen here. I might like it, too."
I walked her to the door, and hugged her as she left. It occurred to me halfway into reaching for the hug that I was still starkers, but I went ahead anyway. She seemed to ignore the issue as well.
I half expected a snide comment, but, no. In this crowd, apparently, snide comments from my sister could be a felony.
== ==
Living quarters temperatures were always kept on the cool side, for whatever reason, somewhere about 15 or 16 C, but the temperature was adjustable within a range. The metal walls, insulated for sound, were not temperature insulated (from room to room). The vacuum side got cold, for sure, but my new apartment was tens of floors from the outside.
That said, I did get slightly chilled when just sitting around naked all the time, I found.
My new metabolism, a "four-year-old's" as she'd said, could keep up nicely and I ate enough to make the heat, but it still was a little chilly. I wondered if the girls got cold, and it did seem the common tendency to put clothes back on when they were not possibly-on-call, so to speak.
They were working out the new arrangement, too. They had their meetings on the other side of the room, or small meetings in the bedrooms, talking about stuff, who knows what. I tried to ignore them as best I could, just sitting at my screen doing long-lost math homework (linear algebra, a welcome change from diff-eq).
On the plus side of this, I found the math much easier than it'd been, and I wondered if there was any intellectual side-effects showing themselves.
To test this, I opened a page with tables of logarithms and tried to memorize them.
Coming back after doing something different for a half hour, I wrote down what I remembered and found I'd retained a lot more than I expected, though my memory was definitely not perfect.
Going in to take a nap, I had two women join me, front and back, and filled both of them before sleeping. I was tired for some reason, but I woke many hours later and filled two more then.
It all got me wondering, was there any way to catch all the cum, or suck it out, and then put back a measured amount into a set of women that wanted it? I was making a huge amount, rope after rope when I ejaculated, so there had to be a way to put it to good use besides in just two women.
I was creative and all that, but I wasn't the engineer that my old classmate Ev was. She could design and build anything. One of the gals handed me my phone and I wrote out a quick message to Ev with the requirements for an applicator, at least, that would go in like a dildo, monitor its orientation, have some kind of automation that could find the cervix and the hole in the center, and deliver a measured amount of cum from a receptacle, say, a filled condom.
At the end, I apologized for the odd request and suggested there'd be a lot of use for it if she could design one of these things, it might help a lot of people. No pressure, just opportunity. Plus, maybe money.
Fun ideas when you're rolling around super-relaxed from just having had great sex with two gorgeous women.
== ==
The next morning I awoke to someone rubbing me but felt a desperate need to pee. Jumping over a surprised blonde gal who I didn't learn the name of, I ran to the ensuite and somehow knew I wouldn't make the toilet, so I aimed at the shower instead and painted the far wall with pee.
It wasn't a habit I wanted to be in.
On the plus side, though, I knew for a fact the drains all went to the same place, so it wasn't as if I was polluting something. I did need the shower, though, so I stepped in and had a quick hose-off.
The blonde came in and asked if I wanted company, but I just said, no, I'll be out in a minute. Inspired and grinning wildly, I added, "And, be good and ready -- wet and hot -- 'cuz after this, I'm gonna come in and give you a good fucking."
She nodded as if this was a normal thing to say but did roll her eyes a little.
My shower wasn't but a few minutes. The water was hot and nice. My hair had gotten long so I decided I needed a cut soon. For that matter, my toenails did, too. My newly invigorated body was growing hair and nails (as well as sperm) at a much faster rate.
Coming back into the bedroom, the blonde had her hips right up to the edge of the bed and her legs back, playing with her pussy, and I couldn't argue with that. Precisely none of my hardness had subsided, so I went right over, dropped some spit on my cock, and stroked right in.
Blonde was, indeed, ready; her nipples were very erect, either from being pulled or from general stimulation, but she kept pulling on them as I rocked into her. The bed height meant my legs had to be well-spread to get the angle on her, but pushing back her hips, I shifted into a down-thrust and was rewarded by watching her gasping.
As much as the SHAG had changed me, the other consistency I saw (compared to most porn vids I'd seen) was that women were much quicker to come than before. That is, in the porn vids they'd make some appreciative noises early, but take several minutes at least before they came, and sometimes not at all.
In real life, my real life, at least, a lot of the women (most? Unknown) seemed to be on more of a hair-trigger. They'd start their climb inside maybe 30 seconds to a minute, and have a full orgasm inside of 2 or 3 minutes, sometimes to keep repeating.
The other possibility is that they weren't different, but instead something about my hormones or pre-cum or something put them into a hyper-receptive mood. The thought that it could be a smell, a pheromone, wasn't unreasonable, because it could affect other people in a room to make them more tolerant of sex happening right nearby.
I was pretty sure, just common-sense-wise, that most women wouldn't be so laissez-faire about people having sex right near them, if they weren't either a part of it or locked in somehow.
Strange ideas occur to you as you're having sex. At least, they did for me.
The other girl on the bed, Hasnee something, a dark-skinned small-busted gal with small-ish breasts but even tinier nipples and areolas, got off the bed and walked next to me, rubbing against my side. I liked that, for sure, but instead I had her lie down on top of Blonde on her back, so both of them had pussies facing me, face up. As she did, I watched as Blonde tried to cope with both having a girl on top of her and being pounded in the pussy.
As soon as Hasnee was situated, I pulled out and switched to her, but found she had a super-tight grip that made me worry if she had been a virgin.
She didn't say anything about it, but didn't react strongly, either, just seeming to be sort-of-there.
In retrospect, I suspect someone she was very close to died; people who'd lost spouses or parents or kids, they all had a thousand-yard-stare come out at random times.
I wanted to help her, but I couldn't since I was kind of doing what I was doing.
Switching back and forth between them, watching their mons and abdomens move and flex with the motions, their cleft all inflamed and clits prominent, I had to close my eyes with the intensity of it and came, thrusting in and then shifting after a few pulses to the other, before just pulling out and finishing my cum on the white, soft skin of Hasnee's lower tummy.
As soon as I groaned, I heard the door unlatch, and by the time I was done, I had two other girls by my side. One bent in to kiss me, and the other bent over with the suck-it-up tube to pull in all my semen from the puddles above Hasnee's cleft. She didn't dare move, I saw, we were all looking down to watch as this girl pulled the semen into a no-needle syringe.
I settled back, and the girl that had been by my side nipped a kiss on my cheek and dropped to her knees, pulling my cock around to her mouth to suck me in again.
Her talents were on display -- I almost didn't stop being hard -- and I had to stop her lest I get carried away. I wanted breakfast, too, and said so, and she looked up at me, finished with a lip-smack, said, "Thank you, sir!" and left me.
Stepping back in for a quick hose-off of the undercarriage, I got dressed to go out, something I'd not done in a while.
As much as I was sure the catered-in breakfasts were fabulous, I kind-of wanted to see what the cafeteria was like. I said as much, and there was some consternation that the girls that weren't dressed should get that way, and then who would stay and who would go.
Just before we were walking out, though, there was a knock on the door.
One of the gals opened it.
I said, "Dafne!"
She came in, looking slightly haggard, trailed by two auto-carts (luggage and medium-package delivery bots). Her stuff was in totes, so we got it all inside and the totes brought to a room across and down the hall from mine. She looked tired; I asked if she'd had breakfast and she said no, she was up a lot of the night packing and crying.
There wasn't a need to ask about the crying, so I just gave her a long, unhurried, relaxed, be-there hug.
Pulling away from the hug, she dried her eyes and changed subjects.
Sometimes with loss, you have moments of intense sadness, then, well, it's over, and you pick up what you were doing before.
"You want breakfast? I was going to the cafeteria."
She looked at me like I was crazy. "You want to go... to the cafeteria? With the food you have here?"
I shrugged, "Mostly I want to see what the world is doing. I've been in three places in the last week, and I want to get out. I need a workout, too. I'm not up to full strength yet, maybe, but I can stand better, and I know I can walk to the stupid cafeteria."
For a sister, she got a tremendously mother-hen look to her, cocking her head sideways and evaluating if she was going to 'give permission'. At least, that's what it looked like. "I guess I can see that. But... the mood in the cafeteria right now isn't so great. For you, I mean."
"Me?"
"There's a lot of anger. People are grieving."
"What about a restaurant?"
She raised her eyebrows. "You have money for that?"
I laughed, "I have NO idea. I used to have my student stipend, but, yeah, I could eat out a couple of times, maybe..."
Winnie, a Korean-looking woman, maybe in her 30's so older than the others, was leaning on the back of the couch listening to this. She spoke up and said, "Sir? Red? You might want to check your balance. But, inflation happened, lots of money from deceased-relatives bank accounts was transferred. Might be a breakfast costs twice as much now."
All this made me more adamant. I got out my phone and pulled up my app. I had ... WOW, a bunch of money in my account now. "I'm covered. Let's go."
Dafne asked, "You want me along?"
"For sure! I might need a bodyguard."
Dani, a taller woman with broad shoulders (who walked with more confidence than normal, I noticed), stepped up and said, "I'm your security detail. I actually get veto on where you go, to a point, though you probably haven't read your briefing packet yet. Dunno if they finished it. I got a preview copy. Anyway, I'm cool with going out, but we avoid complex hallways and super-crowded places. Restaurant is fine."
"I don't know if I can pay for everyone."
She rolled her eyes. "You're not paying for anyone. Just having a man in the room will fill the place up. You'd get 3 or 4 of us free meals, besides yourself. Even then, you're rich now, you're a guy, each one of the inseminations you're doing is worth like a normal month's cub-rent."
We digested this info and walked out. One of the other girls led the way, Dani stayed with us and had her head on a swivel, looking at everything.
Off a concourse, we found a small diner with a counter and a few tables and almost nobody there. One lady was reading her phone and drinking coffee, and was super-surprised to see us walk in.
It turned out, she was the owner, but came out in front to drum up business, make it look like the place was open.
We had pancakes and eggs and bacon, all of us, made fast and very tasty.
While we were there, though, the place utterly filled up, jam packed with a person here or there. They weren't all staring at me all the time, but I could tell they were there because I was there, and there was a lot of glancing around.
I knew if I left fast, those who hadn't been served yet would just leave, so as a favor to the owner, we just sat and talked about changes in the station. Hairstyles had been cut shorter, it looked like, more practical probably because everyone was working far longer hours, Dani said. Lots of the uniforms had visible dirt on them, smudges and whatever, also because with long hours, no one was doing laundry.
A few women had come over to ask questions like, "Why is he here?" and "Is he available?"
Dani intercepted them and after everyone had been served, she stood and made an announcement. "Red is not available right now. I'm not sure how scheduling is done. We're eating here because this diner has great food, and we sincerely thank the cook for the care and effort of making it."
The owner/cook came over to our table after that and thanked us for coming. I stood and (in a quiet voice) asked, "Would it help your social standing if I gave you a hug or something?"
She laughed and said, "Not many questions have come up like that. Uh, yeah, maybe, but... just could you say out loud you'll be back? Even if you won't? It'd keep business up."
I nodded and leaned in for a hug, which she moved in for, too, and I got a great vibe from her that she was genuinely happy we'd stopped by. I was being more formal with her than I could have been in general, but the hug was out of form for the before-time so I followed it with a small bow. Her bow was much deeper, to acknowledge my higher status.
Ceres culture only used bows every once in a while, not for everything, but just a smattering and probably more from some ethnicities more than others. They were common for accepting and giving gifts, for respect when someone had a baby or got married or died, or when someone else had committed a social faux pas and a third person had helped the situation and you were thanking that third person. It made sure everyone knew that a helpful thing had been done and there was consensus that it was indeed the right action.
As we all got up and left, I called over my shoulder, quietly but conversationally, 'See you in a week or so, ma'am,' as if I was fully expecting to come there to eat in a week or so. I kind of liked the idea, but didn't know if it would be possible.
The soft murmur in the room meant the comment was overheard and repeated, so I had no doubt her restaurant would be well-visited over the next week by the women there and possibly others.
Walking in the 'mall' area, a concourse with shops on either side, a higher ceiling with some trees around seating areas, a few swing-sets and playgrounds every once in a while, I noticed there were larger-than-normal groups of kids all playing with just a few mothers supervising at the play areas. Generally, fewer people were out walking around, and I wondered if that meant more were working or sleeping or what.
We got to a haircut place and I pointed to it; Dafne approved and we went in.
One lady was there, but she quickly got out her phone and maybe two minutes later 3 more women came in, all dressed in uniforms like the proprietor.
I got a haircut, manicure, pedicure, and beauty treatment. I'd had precisely nothing besides a haircut before at one of these places, so I let them obsess. Soon, like the restaurant, more people came in, just to sit and watch. I was definitely a star attraction, which was neat for obvious reasons but also disconcerting.
Dafne got a haircut, too, and a manicure, though she thought the pedicure was stupid and didn't want one. They did paint our nails in flesh-toned colors, some kind of epoxy to make them stronger, they said. I wasn't going to object, though my toes looked different without the few hairs that grew there and with fancy-looking nail polish.
We went back to the room and I realized it was about respite time, and I had a hard-on that made that more insistent, so I asked (not sure about the protocol), "I'm ready for respite, who is...?"
A shorter girl, muscular and obviously buxom and looking like she was just out of high school probably, younger than me came over. Now, mind you, I was 20, but it's crazy out a few years seems to matter more when you're younger. Anyway, she was wearing a robe, along with two other girls that looked like they were the same age. She was licking her lower lip, like she was nervous. "I'm up next. I'm ... a virgin, though, so ... if you could be a little..."
"Gentle, it's fine, no problem. I looked over her head to the two girls next to her. "You're after?"
They nodded, and one said, "Sir. Yes."
"Great. Tell you what. You two get to work on her, lick her silly, boobs and pussy. I need to use the loo, I'll be back."
One grinned and said, "Oh, sir? We... have been? She's ... all ready... And.. We are, too?"
They all nodded.
I told them to get ready, then, but I still needed to use the loo. I did, washed up (including a wet washrag over my penis just in case since they were going to be licking there), and came back to find them arranged on the couch, her bent over. I asked, do you want to be on top or not, and she said she wanted it from behind, but gently, so I did as asked. My cock was already half-staff, and a few licks from one of the others got me there, and, I was poised.
Her legs were parted, a perfectly pouty set of lips spread for me, her prominent mound and muscular butt arched to me and waiting. All I had to do was come up behind, paint my wet cock-head up and down her slit over those wet lips, then dip in slightly, finding my glans riding over a bump on the below side where her engorged and parted clit waited, wanting. Pushing in, I felt resistance, so I moved in small pushes, pressing in, pulling, pressing and pulling, a bit farther each time.
She'd not had as big a dildo, apparently, because I did get in slightly and then came to a stop that pushed her forwards. Talking back and forth, we agreed when I would do it, and then, forward IN past and breaking, IN past the hymen, made clear and I was stroking farther -- only to stop and pause, wait it out a moment, listening to her breathing.
Her cry-out was short, and after some settling, she told me to continue. I found that difficult given her grip on me, but that was soon helped by regular but short motions that took me ever deeper. I was in, and deep, buried to the hilt, but with no tap on the end like sometimes happens with a cervix that was slightly closer. This would let me move better!
I kept going, stroking in and out, and encouraged the other girls to play with her nipples and clit, sometimes missing slightly and making finger contact with the shaft of my cock as the lower hand moved her around.
Her climax echoes the walls.
Shortly after climaxing, she settled a moment, then started again, but urged me to slap her butt, which I did, and got 'Harder!' and 'Harder!!' urgings, which I tried to comply with.
The other two girls I had switch, then, to have butts to the side, and I took a turn stroking into them. There was some red on my cock, but I'd expected (frankly) more than that.
Of course, I could stroke in the others and did, but I went back to the first girl and finished up, pumping in at least 3 spurts before switching to the others to put some in them, too.
Dafne had gone into her room to arrange her boxes, with some help from some of the other girls, and about the time I had finished she came out again.
I'd moved to sit on the couch (on a robe, which turned out to be softer than I'd anticipated), as she walked out. Her eyes took me in, and then dropped to see my still half-hard penis sticking up but laying against my abdomen.
She wasn't that far away, only maybe 2 meters, coming around the corner, so she stopped walking as she figured out what was happening. I glanced down to what she was looking at, and saw my cock was very wet, with slight redness at the base that I knew to be the remains of the maidenhead I'd helped widen. A drip down came to a slight pool, and I was still breathing hard. She breathed an, "OOhhh..."
Since her reaction was a mixture of surprise and understanding, I wondered if she might like an interaction. "Daf, you want a taste? I need cleaning up..."
She looked at the girls around me, all three of which had moved to positions of being upside-down to allow the sperm to run in deeper. The others were on the other side of the room, but the girl behind Dafne had heard me, and pushed Dafne forwards.
I wasn't trying to force her to do this at all, and I wondered, but Dafne seemed to accept that this was the way things would be and stepped in and knelt between my legs.
This was a face I'd seen since I was super-young, a face I'd come to know and care more for since I'd moved out and we were less in conflict than we'd been. She looked at me in the eyes, a confused look, considering like she was thinking it over, and then with a shrug leaned in and took my penis with her fingertips. Gingerly at first, she lifted it up, like getting sticky was something odd, moving from holding it with both hands to just one and touching her then-wet fingers to her tongue to taste.
The focus she had was not on me, it was on the task ahead. After she tasted it, though, she inhaled sharply and licked her lips, like it was tasty, and smiled to herself. She was lost in the moment, and I was sharing it, to a point. She bent in, pulling my cock to the side and kissing my inner thigh, finding a little bit to lick there, and to the other, and finally moving up to lightly kiss (with a tongue between her lips) near the tip.
Pulling it in, she put her mouth over it and started sucking and licking all around, not so much to give me pleasure as to gobble up any liquid or juices that had gone on it. Fingers on one hand made an encircling O to pull up my penis and get the liquid off, then licked her hand and kept going, down on it, taking my whole cock in her mouth and down her throat.
She almost gagged on it, briefly, wanting more, I think (and since I was still sort-of hard), and kept bobbing. I didn't want a blowjob initially, but her going down on me made me horny again.
I looked up at the girl that had been standing behind Dafne, leaning there watching this, and said, "I'm okay with coming again, in you or her, she has dibs."
This gal looked at Dafne, got a huge smile, and started taking off her clothes (sweats, easy to remove), and then knelt down behind Dafne.
This part I wasn't prepared for, since I'd leaned my head back during this BJ and only heard some slight whispers, but when I opened my eyes again, Dafne was naked but still bobbing on me, and another girl was about to unroll a condom over me.
Dafne nodded at her, and pulled off sucking me to watch the condom go on with a big balloon-space at the end given how much extra cum I made. She stood, came up to straddle me, and I felt a pair of hands from one of the other girls position me as Dafne settled her crotch down on me and let me slide in.
She leaned in and hugged me, her breasts just at my eye level. I'd seen them before, but this was a real, live, pert-pokey-strident nipple all ready to be sucked and right in my face. Of course I sucked it.
Rocking back and forth on me, she rose and fell, and I got the glorious skin contact from her front and legs and arms.
Leaning my head back, her head was dangling over my own, and I looked in her eyes. She said, "Damn, Red, you're ... so hot some... times, I just... fucckkkkk.."
I didn't know what to do, since I didn't want to mess up my relationship with my sister, but at the same time, this was definitely messed up already.
She rode me for a while, and we kissed, too, our tongues touching and sliding like we were really boyfriend-girlfriend. I hugged her, and soon enough the rubbing on her clit from the top of my cock and mons was enough to grind her off into a pulsing, grabbing orgasm on my cock and a strong-muscular over-strong hug from the rest of her, too.
My own perspective on this was too much to handle, and I, too came, spurting, feeling my cock sliding in her pussy even as I pulsed because she was dominating the movement, shuddering and jerking around and making my own vision go wonky with fireworks and oh-my-God sensations.
She slowed but kept moving as I continued to come, until I took a big breath and felt the last of my spurts go up from the base of my cock and out.
Or, as I knew, it wouldn't really be out, but into the condom.
As we relaxed into each other, I whispered into her ear, right there, "Daf, that was amazing. I'm worried about you though."
She lifted her head to look me in the eyes, her focus shifting from one of my eyes to the other, "What? I don't break."
"Not my point."
"You've always been sexy. Disgusting and stupid and irrational and clueless most of your life, sure, but the odd moment? Sexy, too."
"Sorry if I made..."
"Shut up, dork. If I didn't want this, I'd never have moved in here. I saw what I was getting myself in for yesterday."
I felt myself declining and almost to slip out. "it's not?..."
"Susan Tannerwitcz, I heard her brother survived, too. I called her last night. I asked what is she doing? She said, she was one of the ones that kept him alive early on, it was business not pleasure, sort of, but she liked it. She said she asked at the health service, and they said a single generation of a child born of brother-sister isn't good, but it's not a disaster, either, it's happened throughout history."
"Oh."
"Not that I want your kid, too much, if I can get someone elses, but I do want one. Incentives are whack. I might trade Susan, if you're willing."
"Glad to help you, Daf, any way I can..."
She pulled up and said in a louder voice, "Help me by keeping this condom filled. This will be a sale-sample, it's worth a huge chunk of money. If... I can have it?"
My brain immediately went to the idea of all the girls I was with, and how much they could get if I made a habit of giving away entire samples. I just said, "I really like coming without a condom on, too, sis. That one's yours, but I'm not doing it for anyone else."
"Mabye for Susan?"
"Can she get some from that?"
"Sure, I guess..."
I remembered Susan. "Susan's kind of... a stuck up type, I remember, though..."
Daf laughed, "Sure, in 8th grade. She was a giant asshole. Her parents were divorcing then. She made some enemies, I think. She's lots better now. Really nice, down to Earth, like Dad said. Not sure what that means? Reality based, maybe?"
I repeated an old phrase to her. "Def, Daf."
She pulled off me, holding the condom in place, but then carefully squeezed from the bottom of my penis upwards, milking me, and keeping the condom tightly closed to trap all the semen. I was amazed at the volume of it.
Sample collection pulled, she got a Styrofoam kit from another girl, clipped on a seal to the condom, put it into the box and pressed some keys. A puff of white condensation-fog came out a vent-hole, and she said, "Done. Preserved."
Still walking around naked (and this was NOT what my sister was into, in the years I'd known her), she got a pen and wrote on the side of the container 'DAFNE'. There was barcode on it already, for me I presumed, but she instructed the house-bot, "Semen sample pickup, ownership Red Dunbar, ownership Dafne Dunbar, now."
She stood by the door and waited, we all did (though another girl came over and licked my cock clean in the meantime), and about a minute later a delivery-bot picked up the sample container into a secured box and departed, presumably at high speed for a med lab somewhere.
Walking back to me, Dafne's breasts bounced slightly, and I realized they were different. "Daf, are your boobs different? They look... more perky than ...?"
She smiled at me, "Red. Same old Red. Boobs. Yeah, a little different, maybe, hard to tell. I think they're heavier, too? Maybe? And, thicker? I think I was more 'fluffy' before. Maybe something."
One of the other girls piped in and said, "Oh, mine too! I used to droop a lot. Now, they're like I was sixteen again. Like, sitting high? My nipples were always upturned, like, but, I'm 32, and they started dropping when I was like 25, and faced downwards the last few years? But, now, back up again!"
"Does everyone know about this?"
"Uh... Not talked about a lot, I don't think. I'm working carrot harvests usually and we chat a lot there, but ... hasn't come up."
I said, "Please, both of you, report this to Davida -- she'll want to know."
There were 10 girls in the apartment, I was pretty sure, so I called for all of them to come out. Two were resting and woke up for this (which I didn't intend, and apologized for it), and asked them if any of them had pictures or documentation of their body shape, specifically, their breasts, from before the SHAG.
One girl said her husband had taken naked pictures of her a few years before, and I wondered what was up since she looked like she was maybe 20 or 21, my age. She said, no, she was 29.
Either my sense of what age people looked was off, or something was happening.
One of the women suggested we start documenting things, which proved tremendously entertaining.
First, we all got naked.
Going through each person, we all recorded in a spreadsheet estimates of each other's apparent age, apparent physical fitness level, rating of crows-feet around the eyes on a scale of 0 to 100, and body wrinkles.
This estimation wasn't scientific enough, she said, and we moved on to numerical measurements. Putting a set of towels on the floor, each person attempted a set of yoga moves that tested flexibility, or at least range of motion, strength enough to do push-ups, pull-ups (using a clothes-hanging bar to hang), and planks, then taking 3-D photos of women standing with arms at the sides and reaching overhead, specifically to determine location and size of areolas and nipples.
Dafne suggested (and I loved) the idea of testing breast resiliency by laying face down with arms outstretched across a gap to see how breast shape elongated vs. lying on their backs. The variation in height was chartable, and from a purely observational point of view, I found that breasts that I could squeeze with a hand head-on that were more or less firm did indeed reflect in higher numbers for variation in the laying facing up vs. down.
Somewhere in the middle of this we had lunch.
Watching all the women, naked, right in front of me, got me interested, or, shall we say, horny, so I took a small breather and went to the bedroom. At Dafne's urging, then, I wore a condom again.
After I came and rolled off to relax, someone did a clean-up and I took a little nap for an hour.
When I came back out into the room, everyone was dressed again and getting ready to go. Dafne described that they'd used the 'turkey-baster' method (really a pipette so it was more complex than that) and a speculum to deposit an equal amount of sperm from the condom into each of the 12 women there (some more hand shown up while I was sleeping).
Most of them wanted a hug and a kiss from me before they left. It was as close as I ever came to some of them, despite knowing now that 100% of these inseminations were successful. But, I'm getting ahead of myself.
Once they were gone, a new set of women arrived, and we did measurements on them, at Dafne's direction. She submitted this set of people a scientific paper to Davida's account, citing previous photographs and measurements taken of these women in previous years both for clothing measurement-reasons (bra shops and spacesuit tailors apparently did this regularly). The conclusions were that all of the women tested had regressed in physical age towards a target age immediately post-teens, 18 to 21, regardless of the age at which they started.
A few of the newer group, like the older group, had already recognized changes, but they hadn't been certain and figured it was the drastically increased workloads they were being asked to perform given that so many men had died that nearly every single job was short-staffed and overworked.
Dafne's write-up, she promised them, would request they return to this room one week from then to repeat the measurements. Or, if they were in a location where that would be difficult, they were given directions for repeating the tests with high confidence.
Dinnertime came and went, with excellent food ordered for everyone.
After dinner, though, we had an urgent, hard knock on the door.
Someone let them in -- it was Ev! We gave each other big hugs, and she noted that the room was amazing (she'd not seen one in person).
I complimented her on her Engineer's jumpsuit colors and shiny purple badge designating her as critical personnel. She said she'd been submerged in analyzing systems to find how all the things put together, and had passed tests she didn't know existed to get there.
"But, why the night visit?"
"I have a gift for you."
From her backpack, she pulled a box. The long rectangular box made me first suspect what it was, and then, Boom, it was -- the applicator I'd requested!
She was beaming. She'd named it, and yes, even from the beginning it was called the Dunbang, partially after me and partially because it'd be a Bang-Handy device to have (with the emphasis on Bang as a euphemism for sex).
She pulled some parts from complex systems, she said, so it was probably worth a lot of money and I shouldn't lose it.
We all laughed. It was an odd shaped dildo with a realistic phallic shape, complete with glans, and some lights on the base.
"Here's what you do. Turn it upside down, head down into a pool of ejaculate, of possible, or any small amount of it. Vacuum and microfluidics will pull in only ejaculate, and not pee or sweat in any significant measure. The ejaculate is then combined with an artificial seminal fluid from a fatty-acid and protein synthesizer," [reload it here from spit, anyone's spit, she said, and we laughed], "and the ejaculate is supercharged with a lubricant that is much easier for spermatozoa to swim through. Then, press this button and wait for it to turn green, and insert it into a willing participant (everyone raised their hands with giant giggles)."
One gal gave voice to the question on everyone's mind, "And?"
"The top here, it maps out where the cervix is, where the opening is -- called the 'external os' - pronounced 'oz' - looks about like the male pee-hole." She grinned, like she was deliberately not using the word urethra.
"Finding the os, it injects the right amount in through the opening with a squirt calculated to not damage the cervical tissue but sufficient to paint it across the upper portion of uterine walls. From there, your little swimmers go to work the normal way, and maybe if the timing is right, there's a pregnancy."
Dafne had more of a commanding position in the group, and she spoke up. "But... you said, 'the right amount'...?"
"Oh, yeah! That was some cool code I wrote this morning while I was waiting for a version to roll off the 3-d printer. The fluidic sensors -- I just stole some from a renal function sensor and used the code from a seminal fluid sperm-density counter -- figure out how many sperm there are per microliter and adjust the dilution to optimize things. It's a work in progress; this thing will track with 3-D sensors how the sperm are able to swim if you leave it inside for a few minutes, and after it adjusts, the machine learning algorithms will make later uses much more accurate."
Daf continued, "How many...?"
I chuckled and interrupted, "Daf is wondering how many because my volume is way up compared to normal, and we think I had about 20 milliliters in one go, this morning."
Daf corrected me, "Afternoon."
Ev thought about it, opened her pad, and said, "You could get ... somewhere over... 45 doses, then."
My jaw dropped. "Per... ejaculation?"
"Yep."
I nodded.
Ev said, "You are going to make a shit-ton of money on this, Red."
I was confused. "Really?"
"Sure! You get paid for every single impregnation you assist with. Plus, a government credit for each 'honest attempt', which does not include this kind of method, I'm sure. But, it's worth a shot."
Ev was tall and kind of lanky, and I thought she might be interested in using the device herself, so I asked.
The laugh was fast. "No. NO. Not interested. I know, great money, all that. I like the idea in the abstract. I have a shot of being upper management for this hab -- this whole freakin' spinner -- myself, by next year. I'm not messing that up. Plus, keeping people alive. I saved two people yesterday when a seal broke on a topside airlock. If they hadn't put their suits on when I saw the pressure drop and hit their alarm-bells? They'd have been dead. I know no one else was looking for that failure mode, and it saved lives. I just gotta stick to that."
"What do I owe you for this thing?"
"This? Bragging rights. Mention me to someone, if it works. It's a fun contraption. Might work, might not... Well, honestly, it'll almost certainly work, it's got machine-learning core chips that self-train after every iteration, it'll only get better."
She bounced around a bit and talked with the other women, asking odd questions about whether they heard or felt pressure changes lately, and then kissed me and left.
When I say she kissed me, she kissed me on the lips. I wasn't expecting that, but I kissed her back. She winked at me as she walked out the door, so I didn't know what that meant.
Dafne had a friend who was a mechanical engineer, and called her down, but in the meantime I was horny and just took two attractive gals to the bedroom while the others watched some popular entertainment, a singing talent competition in which all the participants had to eat super-hot peppers doused in pure ethyl alcohol, immediately before going onstage.
One of the women, Ureet, had super-puffy nipples, and I played with them for quite a while as the other one first sucked, and then rode me. Ureet's distractions aside, she unrolled a condom on me and took over the ride. Her coming helped me to come, for sure, but I wasn't entirely sure hers was genuine.
After I relaxed and Ureet got off, she pulled the condom off and then sat down on me while I was still cum-covered, rode a couple of times, and invited the other girl to do the same, all while still holding the full condom.
Ureet handed off the condom to Dafne and came back to lick me clean. I read on my phone for a while, then went back in to find that several of the girls had gone to bed, and some had turned upside down. Dafne was very busy writing on her phone, typing as fast as her fingers could touch the tabletop. She had started another scientific paper on the efficacy of the device.
I gave her a kiss goodnight, downed a quick OJ, brushed my teeth, and went to bed.
== Chapter: Donations ==
The middle of the night romp had a condom, and the one in the morning did, too, but I wasn't complaining given how beautiful they were.
Around breakfast time, there was a knock on the door and who should show up but the restaurant / diner owner, Preet!
Preet came in full chef's outfit with a pair of carts behind her. She said she'd been contacted by the station security and asked to cater my meal to me, paid for, since they had rumors of people intending to take off days of work to just hang around at her diner, on the off chance of meeting me.
We all laughed. Daf wasn't out of her room at that point, but when she did come out, I noticed she and the girl she came out with were both naked.
This surprised Preet -- her rapid inhale made for laughs around the room. I said, "Preet? In honor of your cooking for us today, we're all going to help you feel at home. Everyone?!? Naked!"
I stepped away from the table and pulled off my clothes, and rapidly everyone else did, too, laughing all the while, and Preet was caught in the focus of laughter, which she echoed back at us with a smartass, "Well! Fine! Be that way!" Stepping back herself, she pulled off her top, pants, and underwear, but left her chef's hat and shoes on. She added, "Culinary rules, you see."
We didn't' believe her, but it was funny and got a laugh.
Her buckwheat pancakes with blueberries, apple tart, and fluffy cheese omelets made for an excellent breakfast. I wondered when it'd happen again, and she said she was on-call for the whole week, but she'd be going back with a sign that said, "Catered Red Today Early / No Red Visit Today" if it was okay with me.
I said fine. She filled up the fridge with leftovers and left, having gotten dressed again and a big hug from me and Dafne both.
Sitting around after breakfast, all of us (the table was big enough), I raised the idea that I'd like to do something useful with my life besides making sperm.
This got some laughs, but I could see it was diffusing-tension laughter, since that was the reason all of the women except Dafne were there.
Pam, a different Pam I'd not met before but one who I later got in contact with again, asked, "Well, you're not going to be allowed to go topside, for damn sure, but if you're doing intellectual work it'd probably be okay. What are your talents?"
"Student. Mechanical engineering major, sophomore. Wanted to do something related to ag engineering, I liked the fish stuff, but ... scuba is high risk, too, and I'd never get permission to do that, either."
Daf chimed in, "Hold on. Scuba isn't so high risk. If you're in a hard shell, or a bathysphere, you're really safe, and that stuff can go almost everywhere."
I thought about it. "Ceres has 1/40th of a G, so... no bends until I get to... 3 kilometers deep, free diving. None of the caverns is anywhere close to that."
Daf smiled at me, then shook her head like she was clearing a fog. "Still. We're crazy. No way they'll let you near anything but a padded room for a while, until you can make a nice big supply."
"Plus, I'd need to work out. I'm still kind of weak, but I'm feeling better."
"You should work out."
"No shit."
"Football?"
"Just go running, Red. Do some weights. No games until they can monitor your systems better. As it is, they'll have a full sensor band on you."
Pam said, "No way you're getting in and out of a gym without overcrowding. You should call ahead."
This was a plan. I had something to do.
We got dressed (okay, workout clothes), and I found my running underwear, my 'runderwear', was too small by about double. I couldn't run. Weights would be good, though.
Dafne tracked down the closest gym and 10 of the 12 women and I headed out. We took an elevator down to the 1.2 G level and walked a little to the gym. We got some side looks from passers-by but no one mobbed us.
Walking in the gym, the place was about 10% full, which is to say 40 or 50 women spread out in the big room among the different weight machines, treadmills, rowing and elliptical, yoga mats, etc. I would have guessed it was normal for a mid-morning, but I was hardly the expert. I'd gone to do sports over by my university area before, but all those sports were gone now.
I was the only guy there, obviously. As we walked in, the attendant looking at me very oddly, but we laughed about it -- we must have made an odd sight indeed, a rare guy, being followed by 10 women, two of whom were in robes instead of workout gear.
Starting my workout by donning all the 'required' (totally optional except for Pam and Dafne and the others insisting on it) medical sensors from a nearby bin, I told them all they had to wear them, too, I wanted to see everyone working up a sweat.
Walking on the treadmill for 20 minutes, I got tired and decided to head over to the weights area and start a lifting set, per an analysis of my fitness levels my wearable med sensors told me was prudent.
The women around me were working out, like I'd said they should, but that translated to using some machines that were just really damn sexy to watch them on. Laying down and doing leg curls, making their butts tense up? Fuck yeah! Bench presses and leg presses? OH, Hell Yeah!
The two girls who were in robes had their hands under their robes a lot of this time, and I knew they were getting and staying ready for me should the mood strike.
I wondered, could I just go ahead and have sex, right there in the middle of the workout room?
Looking around, I saw a lot of the women that had been there had moved to be on machines near me. Daf was near me. I called her over to me as if to help spot me, even though I was doing weight machines, not free weights. I said quietly, "If I got naked in here, and started having sex, they would get a show for free, all around, right?"
She laughed at me and rolled her eyes. "Yup. On the other hand, you could tell them all what to do, and they'd have to do it. Kinda like being a SAG leader in a GA. Your word carries it. More than that, if you get to be known as a hardass, people won't want to follow you around all the time."
I stood, my erection straining my runderwear. "I'm not going to be a jerk. They made that plain the first day, I don't want that. I'd end up with unattractive people coming to be my consorts, relief, and I really like having pretty relief."
The girls in robes were walking up to me, and noticing my bulge. "Sir?"
I nodded, "About time."
Daf asked, "Here?"
She had a point, we were in the middle of some weight machines, but I decided the idea that all prohibitions against public nudity had been dropped, so I was going to use that. I pulled off my shirt, and said (loudly enough so all the girls I came with could hear me), "Okay. All off. Everybody get naked. It'd be nice to have some inspiration."
Pulling my underwear off carefully so my cock didn't get caught on the waistband, the girls in robes draped them over nearby bench.
Around me, everyone, not just the girls I came with, had heard the instruction, and (despite my having plausible deniability over just intending to speak with the girls I came with) they were all stripping off, too.
One of the two formerly-robed, Jess, dropped to her knees and started a blowjob. I was busy watching that, but also glancing around just enough to see what was happening.
It was WORKING! All the other girls were getting naked, too! This was too much to believe. Sure, they were sweaty, probably, but I was just looking, and I couldn't smell them from that far away anyway.
Something started happening, though. The more ones that were closer came in and knelt on the carpet near some of the others, just staring adoringly at my cock getting a blowjob. As this went on, more and more moved that way, and of those who were sitting on haunches, most soon had legs parted and were massaging their bits, pulling on nipples, and looking at me with some increased desperation.
Dafne was sitting to my side on a weight machine bench, and she spoke up. "Red? Uh... I can smell you."
I looked over, her nipples were super-erect and her expression was very noticeably concerned, in a frustrated sexy-want way. I could see some of her leg muscles flexing with the strong desire to touch herself, but she was resisting it. I told her, "Looks like you're... horny, there, Daf."
"Oh, God, you know it. I can smell you from here. You're... delicious. There's ... an aura around you, like... power. Like, you're exuding power."
"I don't feel powerful."
"Fuck, I ... feel it." She stopped resisting, bringing her hips to the edge of the seat and starting to masturbate freely, her other hand pulling on her breast, her nipple getting twisted and pulled, and she started moaning.
She wasn't the only one moaning.
The other gal (not blowing me) was on a bench already, an inclined one, her legs apart and pulled up and waiting for me. Her breasts were moving with faster breathing, rising and falling. As I walked up, I saw goose pimples rising and crenulations on her areola, a deeper relief-structure that I just wanted to suck.
Having a more urgent need, though, I lowered myself and pushed in, then up, in a smooth motion. As I did, I knew all those behind me could see my butt going down, and probably even my cock going in this oh-so-fine piece of ass. Her triangle of hair, black but trimmed short, pointed directly at a hard clit that was well proud of its hood.
I knew as I pushed and settled onto her more that the top of my cock was grinding that clit as I bottomed out on each stroke, and her moans backed up that idea.
She wasn't the only one making noise. Though it had started out with low murmurs of comments, the crowd around me started making more noise as time went on. I sped up briefly in fast-motion-slamming, then slowed again to grind it up and into her. The tenor of the room rose in pitch slightly as I did that, a kind of collective, "Ooooo, yessss...".
Off to the side, I saw Dafne on her phone, and I wondered if I was going to be the star of a vid, but she looked like she was typing and I got back to what I was doing.
Knowing what I did about pre-cum having quite a few sperm in it, I motioned for the girl that had been giving me a BJ to get on the bench of the next machine over, even though it wasn't inclined. It was higher, though, and faced more so the other women standing around could see.
Thanking the girl I'd been stroking into for a while and giving her a small kiss on the lips, I moved over to the second girl. I had her stand so I could sit on the bench, and she could ride me. I'd been working out, and my legs were a little weak, so having her do some of the work was a welcome change.
This gal rode me for a good long time, coming in a long-series of gurgling convulsions that may or may not have been one or many orgasms. It didn't matter to me, I finished and spurted up into her, and kept spurting as was my new normal.
She stepped off, though, and was pulled aside by Dafne, only to have each of the women I'd come with come and do precisely two drops on me.
Pam was there, and she called out to the women standing around to ask if any of them were fertile right then, and 3 said they were so they came forward, too.
I got ridden by 12 women, then (not counting Dafne).
Finally, relaxing while one of the gym women did 'clean up' (at the behest of, or permission from, Pam), I saw what Dafne was doing. She'd had one of the women who'd stayed in the apartment bring down the magic mechanical dildo, and she'd put it into the girl I'd come into.
If it worked as advertised, it would have sucked up (as she put it in) all the semen I'd filled her with, assessed the sperm count, mixed it for optimum redistribution, and then she put it into each of the women I'd come with, pressing buttons as we'd been shown.
The odd thing was, she did it to some of the Gym women, also. I counted rough numbers, and with 60 women there, and four days of fertility per 28, that'd make 8 women who were probably fertile, and she was giving all 8 of them a chance, if they wanted it.
I found out later that 10 women claimed they'd be fertile, by the math. This was odd to me until I worked out that by selection bias, maybe women preferentially don't go to a gym when they're on their period -- or, they just had their own math wrong. Either way.
The gym had a shower, so I went in and used that, and we got dressed again and headed back to the apartment.
We didn't make it that far.
I stopped at a store that was selling sheets and we got more sets of sheets because the women who were sleeping over weren't going to be a full week on them, so we needed more sets than a normal 'household'. We also needed more towels, since we were walking around naked a lot and we wanted to sit on a towel sometimes. I regarded that as a safety thing, in case, but it was also just an appearance of sanitary ideas above the necessity.
Paying, though, it showed my bank balance, and I got a little freaked out for a minute. Instead of a student stipend, I had what would normally BUY (not rent) an apartment like the one I was in, several times over.
Knowing we needed more stuff for the apartment than we had, I transferred about 10% to Dafne and then called her over.
"Check your phone. Look at your balance -- bank balance."
She did, and gasped. "NO! You ... didn't?!?!?!"
"Yep, though with a caveat. We need things for the apartment, and I don't know what we need, but you will. You'll be the constant person in my life there, with me, and I need a centerpoint. I need someone to look around and decide what we need, and get it. I think I'd like more rugs? And, some tapestry-rugs that absorb sound better?"
"Uh...." She was still looking at her phone. "You want..." Looking up at me, she continued that, catching up with my conversation, "...rugs. Got it. Wall hangings, sound control. Clothes, probably. More robes, I think. There's a bunch of stuff, yeah. Groceries."
"Maybe let our new chef do that?"
She rolled her eyes, "You got a free one there, for sure. Don't take advantage of her."
"Oh, no! Not planning on it!" I thought a moment and added, "She's older, probably, but if she wants, I'm happy to provide a sample for her."
"I'll bet you would."
The transaction was done, and we walked out as a group, my compatriots acting as a buffer since the hallways were getting more full. I think just about every woman in the hallways stared at me, briefly, before pretending not to, but some were bold enough to just outright keep looking.
To have this happen on Ceres? The breach of protocol, the cultural shift, was unimaginable short of our particular tragedy.
Back in our apartment, the collective group of 12 or so women, they wandered around and had opinions on what should change here or there to make it better or more in style or whatever, all the while getting sheets changed on all the beds. Then, packing, they called in for a shift-change for whoever was next on the list.
I thought I'd get to keep the one that had remained behind, but someone mentioned to me that even she was given a chance to get a sample as soon as we returned.
As they left, each of them gave me a hug and a small kiss. I even got a mostly-genuine sense from most of them that they were happy having been there. The feeling was mutual, for sure, so it all worked out.
== ==
The new crew arrived and we did the required maintenance on the Dunbang insemination dildo, which really meant spitting into a small dish and watching the dildo suck it up, ask to be held over a drain and washed, then say it was ready for use.
Daf had gotten another email from Ev with more instructions. It had what the codes were, and integration with our phone/pad that showed various status indicators for the device, as well as health information for who it was plugged into.
It turns out, Ev had lifted a huge section of code for the sensors out of an Ob/Gyn ultrasonic wand. Not all the functions were useful, but it did show stuff like where the eggs were (ready to pop or not, or where they were), and a variety of medical conditions.
Daf filled in one of the girls as she came in, and as more followed, they all got to chatting about the device and how it worked. Ev had asked for help, so they got to work assembling a unified user's manual.
Of course, I had to provide another sample, which led to more girls getting inseminated, and more of them showing up, and pretty soon it was a constant stream of people flowing in, many of them looking older.
One lady said she was 52, but I couldn't believe she was over 24. The only giveaway was the faded tattoo ink and a certain tiredness behind the eyes.
The concept of doing the medical measurements and questionnaire for Davida came up, and she measured less firm in the bustline but still very tight overall.
== Chapter: Colony Happenings ==
Now is the time in this missive to switch from describing the day-to-day of my recovery and the recovery of the colony and do more summarization about how the next 6 years stacked up, from a life perspective.
Dafne got donated sperm from someone else, an anonymous donor that wasn't me, and had first 1, then 2, 3, 4, and then 5 kids (though she's said she's going to keep going). She moved in next door, married a girl she liked, and I see her and my nieces and nephews often.
I settled in with a group of 12 ladies who were women I liked and who liked me, and we made a family unit out of it. They got pregnant at intervals and we arranged to have the corridor we were on walled off as a 'family compound', with unlocked doors between apartments and access control to our corridor.
This let us have privacy for walking around, access to chatting up friends, noise control for the kids (infants were silent compared to toddlers!), and a semblance of a loving family life.
I did make a steady set of donations to the sperm bank, and the Dunbang unit helped many of these donations become highly-desired children quickly and easily, and though we traded up to a later non-prototype model, I kept the old one until recently when I elected to donate it to the our Historical Society since it had been inside so many woman and as pivotal to so many lives.
The General Alarm - GA - Day was Ceres Colony's year-zero in many ways. GAD (GA-Day) became a half-celebration/ half-memorial day and of many things.
GAD will forever be a Ceres holiday. It's too important, to too many people.
Just over 2 years from GAD, Her Ladyship, High Provost Dawkins announced the last of the large scale blind trials of the SHAG vaccine had succeeded. Our sister-colony at the other pole and many subordinate colonies, long cut off, could rejoin us in regular transit and commerce.
The rest of humanity didn't follow that schedule and it was close to four years before sizable immigration opened up again.
By this time, however, we had been Very, Very busy. When your entire smelting capacity is no longer creating products for shipping outbound to others and instead devoted to expanding internal habitation and industrial output, well, yeah, Ceres GREW.
What we lacked in digital control systems and machine-learning optimization, we made up for in brute force simplification.
I was part of those brute force engineering teams, and have lifelong pride in the chemical and assembly line processes we designed, enterprise-scale factory lines we created, and even habitat components we worked on.
It turns out I could do pretty good engineering even though I was handicapped by being the weaker sex, a male on a planetoid of strong females.
We could have stopped with the Gen-M designs about 10x the size of our original habs, going from 40k population per hab to 400k. Due to more advanced engineering and optimizing for low spingrav factory space, we pushed the population up to 500k but gave families expansive living quarters, large parks and public spaces, fast public transit, and much, much more automation that made life safer and more productive.
The first ships to land on Ceres were medical transports, accepting sick and wounded from other SHAG variants, and since we'd had more time and population to study the variations we were first to offer vaccines.
The studies in human cellular function paid off in other ways.
Ceres became Very, Very Rich.
We patented and sold Rejuvex, the first in a line of rejuvenation drugs that reset the human lifespan, including granting fertility and renewed mental agility to persons previously in their twilight years.
Suddenly, there was a lot of need for larger and larger habitation modules as people started having second and third batches of kids, and needing a spacious, safe, and prosperous habitat to live in.
And, Yes, Davida prospered, too - her full name is Dr. Davida Thorp. Yes, THAT Dr. Thorp.
The reason so many kids and grown-ups on Ceres have red hair is the sudden availability, at an hour of need, of sperm delivered via Dunbang device, that originated from a prolific donor properly motivated to help the cause.
Our manufacturing bay now makes Gen-B habitats 3 km in diameter and 12 km long, central cores with hangar facilities able to accept (and repair) the largest Class-12 freighters. We've sold many and are building 9 more manufacturing bays, the demand is ... strong.
Like all humans, we celebrate our individuality, our achievements especially in the face of adversity, and the emotion-filled bonds of family and friends that hold us together.
Oh - one more thing. Since I know the people personally who worked on Rejuvex, I know that the side-effect (discovered on Ceres with SHAG) of making 18x more female babies than male babies in treated individuals, that was a genuinely happenstantial side effect.
Immigration has equaled our gender ratio on Ceres to about that now anyway even given the SHAG survival rate, but the scientific leadership here has concluded that the only way to get the rejuvenation effect necessarily requires the offspring gender ratio to change, it's built into the way the drug works.
If you come to visit Ceres to scuba in our kelp, abalone, scallop, mussel, or coral forests, we welcome you with open arms, or tour our facilities, or stay on vacation, or just to emigrate, Beautiful! You are safe with us, and welcome.
If you have, or plan to come to a university here, to study in some of the Best bio labs Anywhere, we celeb-rate your cereb-ration, applaud your skills accretion, and have ready some of the most elaborate and well-appointed hab accommodations of any school anywhere.
As an adjunct faculty at Occidental U here, I have to say that by comparison, yes, U Toronto or The Sorbonne, they're great schools. That said, neither are minutes away from zero-G scuba in kelp forests, or from watching a live water polo AQ League game from either the Killington Cascades (my favorites) or the Jenkins Regulars (yeah, fine, they're okay, too).
Even if you're just coming for a visit - please consider staying, we like the company and celebrate the expansion of humankind to new and further heights. Of course - you'll definitely need to work to earn your keep - but if you do, the rewards are amazing.
Ceres has had its tragedies. We all know and feel that loss, sometimes daily. But through that loss, we've rebounded and built a shining citadel of mankind permeating a lump of unforgiving rock.
I hope the ideas of Loss and Joy coexisting can help your perspectives. For us, they've raised living standards for us, and For All Mankind.
Thank you for your attention, and remember, in the words of my mother:
...Be The Love You Want To See In The World.
== The End ==
Disclaimers: 1
== Chapter: Introduction == 1
== Chapter: The Start of Something Wrong == 6
== Chapter: Classroom Respite == 19
== Chapter: Coma Dispelled == 50
== Chapter: Rehabilitation Clarity == 57
== Chapter: Life With Two Guardians == 89
== Chapter: Directives and Directions == 95
== Chapter: Shift Change == 99
== Chapter: Continuing Changes == 108
== Chapter: Life in a Luxury Apartment == 128
== Chapter: Seeing Daf Again == 134
== Chapter: Donations == 153
== Chapter: Colony Happenings == 159
== The End == 162