"You slept witheightguys!?"
"Yep," Rachel confirmed smugly.
"Eightdifferentguys?"
"Uh-huh."
"You were gone for nine days!"
"Yeah, well you know how it is, Christy," she smiled wistfully. "Even God needed a day to rest."
My roommate Rachel had flown back from Ft. Lauderdale earlier in the day. Her dad's an orthodontist on Long Island and lets her charge whatever she wants to his credit card. You'd think sharing a dorm room with a spoiled little rich girl would be its own circle of Hell, but Rachel's actually pretty great. She's witty and generous and she knows how lucky she is.
She also has stories that I couldneverconfess to my priest.
"Geez, you are such a slut," I shook my head with a laugh as I unpacked my suitcase, keeping my back to her. I'd just gotten back to the dorm after spending my sophomore spring break at home with my family in Baltimore.
Rachel had invited me to come along to Florida with our more affluent friends, and even offered to buy my plane tickets. To save my pride she made up a story about her travel agent offering a group discount. But my parents would freak out and call it a wasteful extravagance. I didn't want to deal with that guilt trip and besides, even with free airfare, I couldn't afford a week in Florida.
"Maybe," she countered, flopping down on her bed. "I'm not the only one, though. The hotel's pool bar had like, three wet T-shirt contests every day. Debbie entered every single one. She even won a couple."
"Seriously? She got up in front of all those guys? I could never."
"Yeah, me neither. But you know how Debbie Daddy-issues likes the attention."
"God, can you imagine?" I mused, as I put my freshly laundered clothes away. "Up on stage with all those guys staring at your body like that?" The very idea terrified and thrilled me at the same time.
"I know, right? But Debbie has great boobs. You might as well flaunt 'em while you've got 'em."
Rachel rolled over on her back and propped herself up on her elbows. Her voice took on a hushed, conspiratorial tone, and her eyes flashed with immoral glee. "By the end of the week she was up there strippingcompletely nude. She even bought herself a new string bikini just so she could make a big show of untying the bottoms and taking them off... And last night... she and another girl sucked the MC's dick on stage."
"Oh my God, she didn't!"
Debbie was always kind of a flirt and an attention whore, but I never thought she'd debase herself like that. The thought of Debbie naked, down on her knees, sucking a guy's dick in front of hundreds of cheering guys—it made my head spin.
"I mean, she'd already slept with him by then," Rachel added with a shrug. "It's not like she sucked off a total stranger... Debbie managed to bed eight guys too. It was a tie."
"Wait, you two were having some sort of competition?" I asked, trying my best not to sound judgemental. Rachel and I have very different opinions about guys and sex. The fact that we can have a mature disagreement is another thing that makes her a great roommate. "Like a slut-off or something?"
"'A slut-off'?" she grinned. "I like the sound of that. We should totally do that next year... I mean, it was nothing formal or anything. We just compared notes on the flight home... Oh! But guess who joined the Mile-High Club."
"You didn't!" I gasped.
"Who, me!?" she sat up indignantly. "Fuck in tiny little airplane bathroom? Ew, no. This slut needs to spread out," and she sprawled back down writhing across the comforter to illustrate.
"So Debbie, then?"
"Nope..." Rachel sat up again to drive her surprise home. "Sara."
"No way! No fucking way."
Sara is a quiet, mousy little thing who spends every Saturday at the Hillel Center. I always considered her a kind of kindred spirit among my more promiscuous friends.
"She did! If I hadn't been there, I wouldn't believe it either." Rachel sat up cross-legged, making room for me as she started to dish.
Forgetting about my unpacking, I bounced onto Rachel's bed and sat across from her, carefully folding my hands in my lap. There was a good story coming, and it sounded like it would be worth sitting through Father Tom's lecture on gossip at my next confession.
"We were all at the airport waiting for the plane to Florida to start boarding, and the whole waiting area was filled with students on their way down to spring br-"
"Wait, wait," I interrupted. "This was on the flightdown!?" I figured after a week of enduring Rachel and Debbie's conquests, maybe—just maybe—Sara could have worked up the courage to do something daring, but not on the very first day.
"Yes!" Rachel confirmed, her eyes brimming with titillated excitement. "Debbie and I were joking around, pointing out all the guys we wanted to hook up with once we got to Florida. And Sara was trying to play along, but she kept giggling and blushing.
"There was this one guy in a Yankees cap. Oh my god, his cheekbones! And his jawline!" she mock-swooned. "I swear, he could be a model, and you could just tell he was totally cut under his sweatshirt. He was wearing shorts, and his calves were like chiseled out of marble. I mean,gorgeous. We all agreed.
"So anyway, we finally board the plane, and we're all sitting together, and Sara has the aisle seat. And guess who's in the seat right across the aisle."
"Gorgeous marble Yankees guy?" I guessed, because that only made sense.
"Exactly," Rachel confirmed. "He's sitting like three feet away from her, and Debbie and I are telling her to say something to him, but she's being all shy and shit and covering her face in her hands and giggling."
"Were you two being cruel to her?" I chastised. Rachel's sweet, but she has a wicked streak that she sometimes loses control of. I've been on the receiving end of it once or twice.
"No," she objected. "...Ok, maybe a little. But it's all cool, because the plane takes off, and we're like maybe an hour or hour-and-a-half into the flight, and gorgeous marble Yankees guy gets up to go back to the bathroom, right? And so as soon as he does, Sara gets up too. Now Debbie and I, we don't think anything of it, until suddenly there's all this thumping and grunting and moaning coming from the bathrooms.
"Oh! The bathrooms were only like four rows behind us. So we could totally hear them in there going at it like alley cats. And the whole back of the plane is starting to notice, and Debbie and I, we had no idea it was Sara. I mean the bitch wasloud."
"Get out! She's always so quiet."
"I know," Rachel agreed, "but the girl gets a dick in her and she turns into an opera singer. Who knew? It got so loud that like, a stewardess came back and she's pounding on the bathroom door telling them to knock it off. But they don't stop. They just keep banging for like another five minutes while the stewardess yells at them, but now they gotta know the whole plane can hear them."
"Oh God," I muttered, wondering why my heart was racing.
"I know, right? So they finally stop, and the whole plane is turned around in their seats to see who it was, and a minute later gorgeous marble Yankees guy comes out. Everybody cheers and he's grinning and high-fiving people as he walks down the aisle back to his seat. And Debbie and I and everyone else is looking back... and its Sara who comes out behind him!"
"Our Sara?" I asked, because it was just too incredible to be true. "I mean like, not some other Sara you met at the airport. Little Sara from three doors down?"
"Yes! We couldn't believe it either," Rachel assured me. "Some jerks were hitting her up and cat-calling her, but mostly people were cheering for her too. She'd gone like bright red though, and just stared at the floor hiding her face and Debbie and I are staring at each other like, 'what the fuck!?'"
"No... " I shook my head. "No, it was a setup. They were faking. Wasn't Sara a theater geek in high school?"
Rachel hadn't considered that possibility, and her brow furrowed as she mulled it over. "Yeah, theater tech, like lights and props and shit," she conceded. Then she shook her head with confidence. "No, Debbie and I couldsmellit on her. She totally fucked the guy. I mean when she got back to her seat, she wouldn't even look at us."
"Did gorgeous marble Yankees guy say anything to her?"
"He tried a couple of times, but she put her Walkman on, pulled her hair over her face, and hid for the rest of the flight. When the plane landed, she wouldn't let us out of our seats until everyone else had gotten off."
I cocked an eye-brow at the pun.
"I mean 'disembarked'!" Rachel corrected with a huff.
"Did she say anything? I mean you must have asked her about it."
"Of course we asked her about it! You think we wouldn't ask her about it? We hounded her like the whole way to the hotel."
"And!?"
Rachel's shoulders slumped with disappointment. "All she would say was he was 'ok' but he didn't really 'get her there'," she said, making air-quotes.
"Wow. I didn't think Sara even knew where 'there' was." Sara didn't date guys, or really even talk to them. I'd always sort of assumed she was a virgin, but apparently she's good at keeping her secrets. "I guess she isn't the sort to kiss-and-tell."
"I know, right? You think you know a girl."
"So how did she make out in the slut-off? Did she get seven more guys too?" I asked getting up off the bed and returning to my suitcase now that the story was done.
"Who knows?" Rachel stretched out on her bed and rolled over on her stomach. "She wouldn't say. She just giggled when we asked her. But even if she spent the rest of the week at the Ft. Lauderdale Public Library, she's a bona fide slut now... You know, that just leaves you as our last prude."
"Hey!"
Rachel always loved the first time with a new guy. She got off on how hard a guy worked to get her into bed and discovering what he'd do next. Would it be mind-blowing? Would it be meh? Honestly, I think she enjoyed the thrill of rolling the dice more than the actual sex.
Not me though. My first time back in high school was an awkward, fumbly mess and the fewer times I have to go through that, the better. I liked being with a guy for the long haul—teaching him what got me there, learning how he liked it, and being comfortable enough to experiment. For me, it was all about quality over quantity.
"I'm just saying," Rachel taunted, grinning at me over her shoulder, "it wouldn't hurt you to mix things up a little, Christy. You don't want to be with Robbie for the rest of your life, do you?"
Ah, Robbie. The love of my life. Big, shy, awkward Robbie who knows just how to get me there and loves to experiment. I had been ever so patient hoping Rachel would mention him.
"Well, actually..." I took a deep breath to savor the moment after waiting all day to drop this bombshell. "Robbie came to pick me up after church this morning and drive us back to campus. After Sunday dinner with my family... he proposed."
"What?" Rachel sat up with a jolt. "What!?No way!"
"Yes way," I confirmed with a smile, turning and holding out my hand to show off the glimmering antique carats that adorned my finger.
"Oh my god oh my god oh my god!" Rachel was on her feet and her face struggled to hold her eyeballs in. She looked at the ring, and at me, and back at the ring, and back at me. After grasping for any words at all, she grabbed me and hugged me and spun me around, squealing with excitement.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed one more time, before dashing out the door.
As I tucked the empty suitcase under my bed, I could hear her banging on doors out in the hallway. "Robbie proposed!" she shouted. "Robbie proposed!"
"You're kidding!" "Get out!" "What did she say?" Doors were opening up and down the hall.
"What do you think? She said 'Yes'!" Rachel shouted back.
Within minutes, my room was filled with girls from the hall all clamoring to see the ring and desperate for details, the more romantic the better.
I explained how Robbie had planned to pop the question after he graduates in June, but my little brother overheard him having a man-to-man talk with my dad and the brat spoiled the surprise. Robbie had already gotten his great-grandmother's ring though, and had it packed in his bag, so he got down on his knee in front of my whole family and asked me right then and there.
I lost count of how many times I told the story.
A stack of bridal magazines appeared from somewhere, along with beer and wine coolers. Somebody had that'Going to the Chapel'oldie on a mixtape and played it on Rachel's boombox, followed by'White Wedding'. Before I knew it, Rachel and I were playing host to a full blown party that spilled out of our room into the hall.
Pizzas showed up. I don't know who ordered them. I was too busy holding court and fielding a million questions from a hundred different directions. Did we have a date? Did we have a venue? What kind of dress? How big a ceremony? Where would we register? Would we have kids right away?
While I don't have Debbie's compulsive need to be the center of attention, I had to admit it was nice once in a while. I didn't even mind that I'd have to add 'vanity' to my weekly confession.
In all the commotion, I never heard our phone ring. Somebody must have picked it up and buzzed Joel into the building though.
I was sitting cross-legged on top of my desk with a coffee mug full of something fizzy and fruity, listening to Debbie and Heather argue about whether backless wedding gowns were elegant or trashy when I spotted Robbie's fraternity brother pushing through the crowd.
I don't really get the whole fraternity-sorority-Greek thing. It seems like an expensive way to have friends. But I can't really discount it too much, because that's how I met Robbie.
Back at the start of freshman year, newly emancipated from my parents, I'd gone out looking for parties with Rachel and the girls one September Saturday night. We found ourselves at a rush party, hanging out in the basement of Alpha Lambda Gamma, one of the big frat houses up on Greek Hill.
After too much dancing, I needed a rest, and the only open seat was on a sofa next to a big guy in an AΛΓ T-shirt who'd been quietly nursing a red Solo cup all night. I flopped down next to him and said 'Hi'. I still remembered the startled, befuddled way he looked down at me when he realized he wasn't sitting all alone in the sea of people any more.
"Uh, hi..." he replied and then sat up straighter and stammered in the most adorable way, looking for something else to say. Finally, his eyes caught the glint of gold below my throat.
"I, um... I like your, uh... your crucifix," he said, barely loud enough to be heard over the music.
"Oh, thanks," I replied. A high school graduation gift, my parents made me promise to wear it whenever I went out.
"You're catholic?" he asked with some hesitation.
"Uh-huh."
"Oh, uh me... Me too."
That started a conversation on religion and theology and philosophy that lasted all night. In the wee hours of the morning, Robbie walked me back to my dorm and asked for my phone number. We've been together ever since.
"Hey, congratulations Christy," Joel almost shouted over the din of the impromptu party. Joel was Robbie's roommate, and one of the Alpha Lambda Gamma brothers I knew best.
"Thanks! Is Robbie here?" I asked looking around for my fiancé.
"No, no he's, uh..." Joel started with obvious discomfort. "Listen, um... I know you've got a thing going here, but um, could you come up to Greek Hill with me real quick? There's a, uh... like a ceremony kind of thing the fraternity needs you for."
"What kind of ceremony?" Debbie asked, butting in.
"It's like this ritual thing all the fraternities do to give their blessing when an active brother gets engaged. It's kind of a tradition."
"Really? I've never heard of it," Debbie frowned. Debbie spent a lot of time looking for attention up on Greek Hill. She had actually rushed last year and gotten bids to join a couple of sororities, but she dropped out when she found out about the strict code of conduct they impose on pledges.
"Oh, well I think it's, uh... it's been like three or four years since it's happened," Joel explained, then looked up at me plaintively. "We kind of already started. I brought my car so I can drive you up there. Can we go?"
"Can we all come?" Heather asked before I got a chance to answer.
By this point the conversation had become the center of attention. There was still music playing and there was a smattering of hushed asides catching up anyone who'd missed the beginning, but otherwise almost everyone was looking at Joel.
"The Greek Council by-laws say we can't host non-Greeks at events after Rush ends for the semester," Joel shrugged and the room was clearly disappointed. "I'm just supposed to bring Christy back... Can we go?" he looked back at me.
"Yeah, alright." I unfolded myself from my perch on the desk. "Let me find some shoes."
I kind of wish Robbie had never joined the fraternity. I mean, I know I might never have met him if he hadn't, but it seems like a lot more trouble than it's worth. He says he had trouble making friends in his freshman year and rushed the frats to try to reinvent himself and be more outgoing. Alpha Lambda Gamma was the only house to take a chance on the shy, quiet kid and give him a bid, so he sort of felt obligated to them.
I guess I'm obligated to them now too.
"As if!" Rachel interrupted. "You can't go to an engagement ceremony dressed like that."
"She's right," Debbie agreed. "You gotta change."
"No, it... It's not a... Not like aformalthing or anything," Joel stammered. "You're fine," he assured me.
I was wearing a baggy college sweatshirt over leggings with my hair up in a scrunchie, so Rachel and Debbie weren't wrong. Fine to run down to the dining hall. Not so fine to stand up in front of Robbie's whole fraternity.
"She certainly is not," Rachel insisted, pushing Joel towards the door. "We'll only be a minute."
I've never had so much help picking out an outfit in my life. I must have tried on a dozen combinations and had all of my neatly folded underwear critiqued before a consensus was reached. I had more help with my hair and makeup than I knew what to do with.
Half an hour later, half a dozen girls poured out of the room behind me to find Robbie's roommate pacing the hall and fidgeting.
"Ok, we ready? Can we go now?" he asked, glancing at his watch and scowling.
Joel really put his foot down in the car, rolling through stop signs and accelerating through traffic lights that weren't technically yellow anymore.
"What is the big hurry?" I asked, gripping the oh-shit handle above my door.
"It's been almost an hour," Joel snapped back. "This thing shouldn't have been more that fifteen or twenty minutes... Which is our fault," he conceded. "We should have prepared better, but when Robbie told me he popped the question, well, everything just started... happening. And it all kind of snowballed."
"So what? Everyone's just sitting around waiting. Big whoop."
"No, it's... It's not just A.L.G. The whole Greek community gets involved and... if it goes bad, we look bad. It could affect our standing on the Greek Council."
I seriously do not get the whole Greek thing.
"Alright, what can I do to help?" I sighed, resigned to the fact that it was a big part of Robbie's life whether I liked it or not—at least until he graduated in a few more weeks.
Joel pulled into the parking lot behind the Alpha Lambda Gamma house.
"I don't know exactly. I've never seen one of these. But most rituals like this have used the same scripts for decades. Just listen to what they read and do what they say."
"Ok, let's get this over with." I climbed out of the car and started up the back steps of the house when Joel stopped me.
"It's actually out on the Green," he said as if I should have known.
"Joel!" I groaned. "Why didn't you say so? I'm not dressed for outside!"
It had been a lovely spring day, and the girls had dressed me accordingly. But the temperature had dropped when the sun had set, and there was a definite chill in the air. I'd noticed as soon as we set foot outside the dorm but hadn't been too concerned. Joel said he was taking me to the frat house. I assumed he'd meant inside of it.
"Yeah, yeah, that's my bad. Here, take my jacket." He seemed genuinely embarrassed by the oversight. His jacket was warm and kept me from poking through my thin blouse, so I wore it even though the cuffs hung past my fingers.
We walked down the row of fraternity and sorority houses to the open meadow at the end of the street where a crowd had gathered. There must have been two hundred people milling around in the dark. Here and there, flashlight beams darted among the shadowy figures.
"She's here!" Joel called in a loud voice. "I've got her!"
There was a weak cheer and a scattering of applause as the faceless crowd of Greek letter sweatshirts turned our way.
Along the edge of the Green ran a red brick wall separating Greek Hill from Old Campus. The crowd parted along the sidewalk that led to the wrought iron archway through the wall. A pair of sconces on either side of the gate illuminated the scene, and under the arch stood Robbie.
My jaw dropped.
He was stripped naked, his hands bound above his head and tied to the top of the arch.
I dashed forward through the crowd as quick as I could, deaf to the jibes and laughter, blind to everything around me except for poor Robbie.
There was some sort of harness wrapped around his head, holding a rubber ball in his mouth.
The frat hazed its pledges by sending them on embarrassing scavenger hunts. Robbie had once gotten hold of a few of their "adult book store" purchases so we could play with them privately, but I never expected to see one used like this.
"Baby, what did they do to you?!" I asked wrapping my arms around him and pressing my cheek into his chest. His skin was all goosebumps from the brisk night air. Now I understood why Joel had been in such a hurry. "Are you ok? Did they hurt you? You must be freezing."
Robbie nodded and then looked confused and shook his head.
"Why do you let them do this to you?"
He just looked kind of sheepish and sort of shrugged.
"Let him go!" I turned on Joel with venom in my voice. "You've had your fun. I'm not playing your stupid game."
A chorus of boos arose from the first ranks of the crowd. Joel clearly looked conflicted. "Robbie? What do you say, man?" he asked. "You want to go through with it?"
I looked back at Robbie. He looked at me and nodded stoically. Damn him. The crowd of frat boys and sorority chicks cheered.
I hung my head, resigned to take part in whatever nonsense they had planned. That's when I noticed the chill had done more than just give him goosebumps. Robbie's manhood had shriveled up like a frightened turtle.
Well, if my man was going to be out here on display for the world to see, they were going to see what I wasreallygetting. I gave him a tug back to a more respectable length, much to the crowd's delight.
"There, that's better," I smirked up at him and he flushed with embarrassment. Pushing Joel's jacket sleeves up and running my fingers through Robbie's chest hair, I asked "Now what do I have to do to get you untied?"
From behind me a voice rose over the din of the crowd and called out my full name like my mother getting ready to scold me. I turned to see three more of Robbie's frat brothers dressed in black robes that looked like leftover Halloween costumes. They had hoods obscuring their faces, but I recognized Derek, the Alpha Lambda Gamma president, in the middle.
"You are brought before this fraternity tonight," Derek read from a sheet of paper in a loud, solemn voice as the crowd grew still, "because our worthy brother Robert has chosen you to betroth. Our brotherhood is formed to strengthen and support each member through sage counsel and collective wisdom. Before we give our blessing to this union, we would ensure that Robert's decision is sound, his judgement unclouded by-"
"Cut the bullshit, Derek," I interrupted. "What do I do to get this over with?"
There was a mixture of boos and laughter from the crowd.
"C'mon, Christy just... play along," Derek urged me quietly, glancing back at the gathering. "We gotta do this, ok? It's tradition."
I looked back at Robbie and he nodded so I relented. "Fine," I sighed, and Derek continued with his speech after taking a second to search for his place in the script with a flashlight.
"Uh... his judgement unclouded by base desires and uncorrupted by false fidelity. To that end, you are called here tonight in front of these gathered witnesses to demonstrate your worthiness. Ten questions must you answer true, your devotion to prove and our blessing to win."
"What if I get one wrong?" I asked, and again laughter skittered among the crowd.
"Oh, uh don't... don't worry about it. They're pretty easy," Derek assured me quietly. I'd broken the flow of his monologue again and he took another second to find his place. "The time of testing has come. Are you prepared to begin?"
"Is that the first question?"
"...No," Derek sighed. "C'mon, Christy."
"Alright, fine," I relented, and in a loud voice with more pomp than the farce deserved, I replied "I am prepared."
Derek nodded appreciatively with a smile, and read "The first test—What is Robert's major?"
"Finance," I said, rolling my eyes and adding "with a minor in Economics."
Derek took a moment to ceremonially confer with the other two black-robed brothers before loudly announcing "The first test is passed!"
I was startled as the crowd erupted in cheers. Geez, these people take their silly little rituals way too seriously.
"The second test," Derek announced when quiet had settled over the crowd again. "What is Robert's favorite color?"
"Well, that's tricky," I answered with a smirk. "He tellsmeit's a color he calls 'slippery hot rose'." I held my fingers down in front of my skirt suggestively and laughter coursed through the front of the crowd again. I glanced back over my shoulder to see Robbie hanging his head in mock embarrassment. "But he tells everyone else it's green."
"The second test is passed!" Derek announced to even more cheers. The nonsense went on through Robbie's middle name, his home town, his favorite food. All the while, Robbie stood there naked, stoically enduring the ritual humiliation.
At last Derek got to "The tenth and final test—What is Robert's essence?"
"His what now?" I asked, assuming I'd misheard the question.
"Hisessence," Derek repeated quietly, and when I just gave him a blank look he explained "It's open to your interpretation. There's really no wrong answer."
I turned around to contemplate my naked fiancé, bound in the archway. "His 'essence', huh?"
Robbie's expression was hard to read with the gag still in his mouth, but he looked down at me and cocked his head to the side, as if curious to see what I'd come up with.
I had to say something. My mind scrambled for inspiration.
Last month the campus movie theater played this old black and white film about a nuclear war that started because some American general couldn't get it up and decided his impotence was the Russian's fault. As a euphemism, the general said the Russians had stolen his 'essence'.
For some reason, I fixated on that and all I could think of was sperm.
I blushed at the thought and looked down as a devilish idea took hold in my brain. What if I gave Robbie a blowjob, right there in front of everyone? If the gossip was true, my friend Debbie had done the same thing in Florida just last night. My God, these people would absolutely lose their shit.
My heart was racing now, pounding in my chest like a drum solo.
I looked up at Robbie, laying a hand on his bare chest and taking his penis in my other, giving him another little tug. "Is it ok if I get a little naughty with my answer?" I whispered, biting my lip in anticipation of his response.
Robbie's eyebrows shot up in surprise, and the corners of his mouth twitched up in the best grin he could manage around the gag. He shrugged and nodded.
Behind me, I could sense the crowd getting restless waiting for my answer. Was I really going to do this? Well, it wouldn't be much of a 'ceremony' if I didn't spend part of it on my knees. I am catholic after all.
Bracing my hands on Robbie's hips, I slowly knelt in front of him, finding the least uncomfortable bits of brick sidewalk on my bare knees. The crowd gasped as I took Robbie into my mouth.
"Yeah girl, suck that dick!" I heard a girl behind me yell, and the crowd cheered.
I sucked against Robbie's rapidly swelling member until I couldn't hold him all in my mouth any more. Wrapping my fingers against his hardening shaft, I stroked his silky skin up and down while keeping a tight seal around his bulging cockhead until I could have taken his pulse with my lips.
Once he had an erection I could be proud of, I released him and ducked under to tongue his balls, making sure everyone in the crowd had a good look at my sweet Robbie's throbbing tool. If I was going to worship his graven idol in front of everyone, they were damn well going to know it was worth sinning for.
The crowd was whistling and cheering and my heartbeat had quickened to a staccato, adrenaline-fueled patter.
Once I'd built up a nice mouthful of lubricating saliva, I spread it across his turgid shaft with my tongue, lovingly teasing every hot inch. Popping his pudgy glans back in my mouth, I looked up to see how Robbie was reacting.
His head was thrown back, and he was pulling down against his restraints. While I couldn't see his face, I could well imagine the expression of ecstasy he wore.
"Hey, will you marry me next?" shouted a guy behind me, and the crowd whooped with laughter. I flipped a middle finger over my shoulder and really went to town on Robbie's dick, stroking back and forth with fingers and lips.
I hadn't learned how to take him into my throat without gagging yet. I made a decision not to try—and then suddenly realized that I was intentionally trying to put on a good show.
God, it was so dirty. Was that the same rush that Debbie got, stripping off a wet T-shirt in front of a crowd every night? Was it what Sara felt in that airplane restroom, knowing the whole plane was listening to her?
I was getting light-headed, overwhelmed by my own debauchery. My hand crept under Joel's jacket, and caressed my breast through the thin fabric of my blouse. It wasn't the chill that had me poking through. I wanted to reach down between my legs, but I still had some modesty left. I let my clit ache and instead rubbed a swollen nip against my palm.
Between the pounding of my heart and the tingle in my breast, I trembled at the sensations in my chest and moaned against Robbie's rock hard rod. I think I came a little. Above me Robbie groaned, and the crowd cheered again.
"Come on baby, give me that essence," I urged him quietly, letting him slip from my mouth and rapidly pumping the entire length of his slick erection with my hand. "I want all those sorority whores back there to be jealous. Show them all what they missed out on, baby."
He was looking down at me now with a squinched expression, his face and chest flushed from humiliation or arousal. I couldn't tell which, and I didn't care. He'd gotten us into this whole stupid business; he could live with the consequences for another month until he graduated.
"Suck His Dick!" someone yelled behind me, and the crowd took up the chant. "Suck his dick! Suck his dick! Suck his dick!"
"Cum for me, Robbie," I pleaded from my knees. "I want to make you cum so bad. I want them all to see how beautiful you are when you cum for me." I popped him back in my mouth and redoubled my effort to suck the essence from his balls.
He was close now. I could tell from the way he was rocking his hips back and forth. If his hands hadn't been bound, they'd be on my head right now, fingers twisted in my hair.
I reached behind and grabbed his naked ass with both hands, giving him leverage to fuck my mouth, pushing back against each thrust.
"Suck his dick! Suck his dick! Suck his dick!" the chanting continued.
And then I felt his magnificent shaft twitch and throb and my mouth was flooded with his hot, salty seed. Once, twice, three times his erection spasmed with another jet of cum.
I let him slip from between my lips and pushed myself back to my feet brushing off my chafed knees. A hush fell over the crowd as Robbie's drooping dick softened and he slumped against his restraints in a post-ejaculatory stupor.
I turned around to find Derek staring at me slack-jawed and the crowd waiting breathlessly behind him.
"Hiv effenf..." I drooled into my open hand, showing the black-robbed officiant's Robbies semen dripping between my fingers. The crowd went absolutely wild.
Derek closed his mouth, opened it again, looked at his script for a moment, and then back at me.
Without bothering to consult the other two judges, Derek crumpled up the sheet of paper and tossed it over his shoulder, calling "Let him go."
While the guys in black robes untied Robbie, I accidentally wiped my chin on the sleeve of Joel's jacket. Since I was going to have to wash it for him now anyway, I went ahead and cleaned the jizz off my hand as well.
"Christy!" Robbie called as soon as the gag was pulled from his mouth. They'd covered him in one of those black ceremonial robes.
"Robbie!" I threw myself into his embrace and hugged him tight. "Are you ok, baby? They didn't tell me you were out here freezing to death."
"No, I... I'm fine. AreyouOk, though? I... I didn't mean for you to get dragged into this."
"I'm Ok. I didn't go too far, did I?" I grimaced. There was no way this wouldn't make it back to Rachel, and then it would be all over campus. "I mean, you still want to marry me, right? Even though I have a reputation now?" I asked looking up at him with puppy-dog eyes. I wasn'treallyworried that Robbie would call off our engagement, but I wanted to hear him reassure me.
"Hey, if he doesn't, I do!" some guy I didn't know butted in. Robbie shoved him away good naturedly.
"More than ever," he held me tighter. "You... God, you are just full of surprises, aren't you?"
"I wouldn't want you to getbored," I shrugged innocently in his arms.
"Never," and he kissed me. I could still taste his cum on my lips, but he didn't even hesitate, that's how much he loved me. Rachel bitched about guys who wouldn't kiss her after a blowjob. Those aren't guys worth blowing, in my opinion.
"Man, I don't know how I'm going to explain this to Father Tom," Robbie shook his head. I flushed at the idea of going to confession next week.
And then the singing started.
"OOOhhh, Alpha Lambda Gamma knows a girl who's sweet!She's thrifty, honest, clever, virtuous, kind, and neat!"
I looked up to see all of the brothers lined up like a choir and enthusiastically belting out the tune. I'd heard the frat singing bawdy drinking songs at parties. Most of them sounded like they'd been written in the 50s. I'd never heard this one though.
"Prettiest girl on campus that you're gonna meet!A smile from her will knock you right off of your feet!Alpha Lambda Gamma knows a girl so sweet!"
"What's happening?" I asked Robbie through a politely clenched smile.
"They're serenading you." Robbie put his arm around me. "We have to learn the 'Sweetheart Song' as pledges and sing it for the home-coming queen every year. I've never heard it any other time. This is kind of a big honor."
"All the brothers pine,to kiss a girl so fine!The man who wins her heart,will surely stand apart!
Oh, Alpha Lambda Gamma knows a girl who's sweet!She's thrifty, honest, clever, virtuous, kind, and neat!Prettiest girl on campus that you're gonna meet!A smile from her will knock you right off of your feet!Alpha Lambda Gamma knows a girl... soooo... sweeeeeet!"
There was a final cheer and a round of applause. Robbie looked down at me with a wide grin spread across his face and I don't think it was just from the blowjob. I think he was actually proud to be the guy who'd won the girl in the song. How could I not love the big goof?
The crowd started to break up and from the chatter I could overhear, Robbie's house had managed to impress the others—thanks to me. "We gotta party with A.L.G.," was a sentiment I heard repeated by guys and girls alike.
"Are all the Gamma Guys hung like him?" I overheard a sorority girl ask another.
"I dunno, but I am gonna find out," her friend replied, and I squeezed my Gamma Guy a little tighter.
There were lots of handshakes and congratulations and joking mock-condolences. Somebody said the last betrothed who had to prove her worthiness was a sorority chick who knew about it in advance and answered the essence question with a rambling fifteen-minute soliloquy. Everybody agreed my answer was better—that I'd set a new bar.
Whether I'd raised or lowered that bar probably depends on your point of view.
Robbie held my hand in his as we walked back towards the house with the others, and I finally got a chance to follow up on something Joel had said earlier.
"Hey, um, Joel said that they do this whenever an active brother gets engaged."
"Yeah," Robbie confirmed. "It doesn't happen very often anymore."
"Are you still active after you graduate?"
"No, once you graduate, you become an elder."
"So... if you had waited to ask me like you planned, they wouldn't have done all this?"
"...No," Robbie admitted after a pause. "They wouldn't." That's what I thought. If my brother had kept his nose out of my business, none of this would have been necessary.
"Oh, I am gonnakillthat little brat!"
Robbie laughed that deep, throaty laugh he has. He doesn't laugh like that often enough. "Don't do that," he smiled down at me. "I'm... I'm happy with how things turned out."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. After that display, I don't think anyone's gonna say I made a bad decision."
"Awww." I squeezed his hand tighter and leaned my head into his arm.
"And, I mean... as embarrassing as it was..." he continued, "it was kinda cool being the center of attention for a while. I... I don't usually get that. You know... I'm usually just a face in the crowd."
"Not to me."
He put an arm around me and kissed the top of my head as we reached the fraternity house
"Can I tell you a secret?" I asked.
"Of course."
"I kinda liked it too," I whispered conspiratorially. I was a little surprised at how damp my underwear felt in the cool night breeze under my skirt. "You need to take me back to the dorm so I can kick Rachel out and show you how much."
"Just let me get my car keys," Robbie grinned that big, shy grin he has whenever he knows I'm feeling frisky.
"Hey, you can't go yet," Derek interjected. He'd been just a little way ahead of us and perked up suddenly.
"Ohhh, I thought we were done," I groaned.
"We are, we are," Derek tried to placate me. "But there's a bottle of champagne in the back of the fridge for special occasions. We were going to pop it open."
"Stick around for one toast," Joel encouraged. "Dorm curfew's not for a couple hours yet."
Robbie looked down at me, his expression neutral. If I wanted to go, I was sure he'd take me, no questions, no complaints. But when would he get to be the man of the hour again? I was going to have our wedding day, but this night was just about him. As badly as I wanted to rip that stupid black robe off him and ride him like a woman possessed, he deserved to have his frat brothers make a fuss over him.
"One toast," I agreed.
But one toast turned into half a dozen, and then someone tapped a keg.
There are maybe three dozen brothers living in the Alpha Lambda Gamma house. A dozen or so girls showed up as well, girlfriends of brothers I was guessing, mostly sorority chicks. I found myself once again recounting the story of Robbie's proposal, this time with more invective for my little brother. And there were the same questions about dates and dresses and venues and kids.
The other girls were all juniors and seniors, so it was a serious ego trip to be the sophomore who had what they all wanted, whether they'd ever admit it or not.
Just like back at the dorm, someone put on music, so everyone migrated down to the party room in the basement.
I'd started with a champagne glass from the homecoming china cabinet, but switched to a plastic cup that the pledges kept topping off from pitchers. So I had a pretty good buzz going when Derek asked Robbie "Hey man, when does Christy get her turn?"
Robbie blushed and smiled sheepishly at the floor.
"My turn to what?" I asked. Robbie had made some connection I hadn't.
"You're like our sister-in-law now," Derek slurred with a smile, draping an arm around my shoulders. "You're a Gamma Girl and we're gonna look out for you."
"That's right," Derek's girlfriend agreed. I think her name was Jenny or Ginny or something like that. "You're as good as Greek now, sister."
"Yeah!" Derek agreed. "And we won't let this guy—Leave. You. Hanging." He punctuated each word with a finger to Robbie's chest.
"C'mon Derek... Knock it off man," Robbie brushed him off.
"Was'sa matter, big guy?" Joel teased. "Has Christy got bigger balls than you?"
"We should totally find out!" Ginny/Jenny goaded.
"Nobody's dragging Christy out to the Green," Robbie snapped with sudden sternness.
"No, no, no..." Derek waved away Robbie's concern. "No, that's all done. You should do it right here."
"She's wearin' a skirt," Ginny/Jenny pointed out matter-of-factly.
That's when I put it together. They wanted Robbie to go down on me in front of everyone just like I'd done to him. Well, if he enjoyed being the center of attention so much, I was feeling uninhibited enough to put on another show.
"Yeah Robbie, when do I get my turn?" I teased him, looking straight up at him and pressing my breasts into his stomach.
"How much have you had to drink?" he looked down at me, eyes sparkling with amusement.
"Just enough," I told him, stepping back and handing my cup to Ginny/Jenny before hiking up my skirt and hooking my thumbs under the waist of my underwear. The whoop of encouragement I got when I shimmied the lace down to my ankles drew the attention of the rest of the crowd.
"You, um... You sure about this?" he asked, feeling the weight of all his brothers' eyes on him.
I just smiled and took hold of the collar of the black robe he was still wearing and pulled him down to kiss me. There was no hesitation in my kiss—lots of tongue, but no hesitation.
Robbie lifted me up by the waist without taking his lips from mine and set my bare butt down on top of the bar. He gave me one more soft kiss on my lips, then held his forehead to mine and when I opened my eyes he was looking back into them. My own nervousness and excitement were reflected back in his dark pupils.
"Last chance to back out," he whispered. "No one would blame you."
"Not me," I shook my head, doing my best to ignore the room full of strangers all turning to watch us. "You?"
"I don't think they'd ever let me live it down."
"Then get down there, baby," I taunted. "Don't stop 'til I'm screaming."
I scooted my ass to the edge of the bartop and spread my knees wide. Robbie took a deep, dramatic breath that got a chuckle from the crowd. He ducked his head under my skirt and clamped his mouth around my pussy like he meant to suck me inside out.
The crowd cheered and I squealed with delight as Robbie opened me with his tongue and flicked against my neglected bud. Draping my legs over his shoulders and kicking off my shoes, I crossed my ankles behind his back and took hold of his head pulling him even tighter against me.
"Oh God, Robbie, just like that..." I sighed, looking up at the basement full of faces looking back at me with gleeful titillation. All of the guys were leering, craning their necks to get a glance up under my skirt.
"Is this what it was like for you?" I murmured as Robbie's tongue probed deep and slow, then flicked out whip-fast across my clit—a trick he knew would make me crazy. "Is this what it was like having all your friends watch while I sucked you off, baby? Oh God... Mmmmph... My heart is beating so fast Robbie... Can you feel it? Can you feel my heart beat with your tongue?"
"Waiter, I'll have what he's having!" a guy at the back of the room called out and the whole room laughed.
"Oh, I'm sorry sir," I smiled back, looking him dead in the eye, as Robbie's tongue languidly traced through my labia, lapping up my nectar. I caressed my chest with my left hand to make sure everyone could see the ring. "This dish is—uhnf!... no longer on the menu."
More laughter. I couldn't believe how much everyone was enjoying our naughty little show. I couldn't believe how much I was.
Robbie clung to my legs and kept working me like an ice cream cone in the sun. My own hand squeezing my breast added to the stimulation. My head lolled and my breathing grew ragged as I watched the gawking crowd through heavily lidded eyes.
The idea that I was being so raunchy, so audacious in front of everyone had me more aroused than I had ever been in my life. My head was spinning. I didn't know where this sudden delirium came from and all I could do was moan in fervid confusion.
"Yeah, that's what I'm talking about," a girl yelled from the back of the room. "You love that, don'tcha slut?"
Nobody had ever called me a slut before. My friends tossed around the expletive like a badge of honor, but I never realized what a visceral reaction the word could cause. I was suddenly awash in a clash of emotions, shame and humiliation mixed with defiance and hubris.
With so many people crammed in the basement to watch Robbie orally defile me, it was getting warm and I was starting to perspire. The heat of the incandescent lights over the bar glared down and a trickle of sweat ran between my breasts. I was still kneading my own yearning flesh underneath my blouse when my thumbnail caught on a button.
That gave me another devilish idea.
The crowd whooped and whistled when I opened the top button of my blouse. I opened another and they started to chant "Take it off! Take it off!"
Another button and another and another and my blouse fell open, exposing my chest sheened in sweat and pretty lace. Poor Robbie still had his head under my skirt and couldn't see what the crowd was cheering for, but he was feeding off of their energy and driving the tip of his tongue across my clit like a sewing machine.
When I looked out at the room, I saw that one of the brothers had retrieved a camcorder and was pushing his way to the front of the crowd, the little red light telling me my debauchery would be immortalized on VHS for years to come in the Alpha Lambda Gamma porn collection. The thought of it made me squeal just a little bit.
"What's your name, sweetheart?" the camera guy asked when he was close enough to be heard over the mob.
"Mmmm... Christy," I groaned.
"And what's going on under your skirt there, Christy?"
"My fiancé, Robbie... Ngggnnh... He has his tongue halfway up, mmm... up my cervix."
"And you're letting all these people watch?" he asked, panning across the crowd as the brothers cheered and mugged for the camera.
"Uh-huh," I panted when the camera was back on me.
"It looks like you're enjoying it," he said, panning the camera down my body. "Hey, why don't you show us your tits?"
My open blouse hung from my shoulders, my bra still on for what little bit of good it did. As depraved as I had been tonight, no one had actuallyseenanything yet. Camera-guy's suggestion made me gasp as an unexpected surge of hormones erupted somewhere deep in my brain.
"You wanna see my tits?" I purred to the camera.
"Do you wanna see her tits?" camera-guy yelled to the crowd. An affirmative cheer reverberated back.
"What do you think, baby?" I gasped, stroking Robbie's hair through the fabric of my skirt. "Should I... should I show my tits to... mmmmh, to all your brothers?"
Robbie reached up and grabbed my bare ass in both hands, pulling me tighter to him, and whatever he did with his lips sent a jolt through my abdomen that made me squeal.
I took it for a yes.
As I snapped open the front clasp between my breasts, a hush fell over the crowd. They cheered and hollered as I spread the lacy cups and exposed myself. I could feel the tension in my psyche ramping up. I was seconds away from an absolutely mind-melting orgasm.
"Are you gonna cum on camera for us, sweetheart?"
"Yess! God yes, I'm gonna cum!"
I braced my hands against the low basement ceiling as the first tiny spasms started to erupt. The cheers of the crowd, the stench of stale beer and sex, the tickle of sweat between my bare breasts, the leering faces of dozens of strangers... It was all too much to contain.
"Robbie!... Oh God, Robbie, yess!"
With another flick of his tongue across my overstimulated clit, Robbie sent a tidal wave of euphoria crashing through my soul. My cries of ecstasy were drowned out by the cheering audience and the sudden release of tension left me trembling and panting.
It was all I could do to push Robbie's head back away from my slippery hot rose.
"Hey Christy, what fraternity eats the best pussy on campus?" camera-guy asked.
I knew what he wanted me to say, but I took a moment to decide whether to play nice or not.
"...Alpha Lambda Gamma," I answered with a sigh and a smile, brushing a tress of hair out my face. The crowd cheered and launched into a lewd drinking song that extolled the sexual prowess of Gamma Guys.
Robbie emerged from under my skirt and my legs dangled limply off the bar on either side of him. Seeing me there with my blouse and bra hanging open, a shy grin spread across his face slick with my love juice. I did my best to smile back at him while I caught my breath.
"You are so beautiful," he told me.
"Shut up," I demurred. I must have been a sweaty mess under the harsh lights over the bar.
He wrapped his arms around me, pulled my bare breasts into his chest, and he kissed me as the crowd sang. I wrapped my legs around his waist and ran my fingers through his hair and kissed him back.
Between my thighs I could feel his costume robe tenting out on his erection and I was obscenely aware that my Robbie was stark naked underneath. The only thing between my bare pussy and his beautiful dick was one layer of cheap fabric.
That night had been the raunchiest, lustiest, sluttiest night of my life. It was a night I was going to remember forever. I wasn't ready for it to be over. If I was slut now—if that was going to be my reputation—I was going to be a slut that Rachel would envy.
I broke our kiss and turned towards the guy with the camcorder.
"Hey, camera-guy," I beckoned, "Show's not over yet!"
He grinned like a shark.
Robbie must have had an inkling of what I had in mind, but he wore a puzzled expression when I turned back to him.
"Fuck me," I whispered in his ear, leaning in close.
"Wh-what?" he stammered.
I pulled the zipper down the front of his robe and reached inside to wrap my fingers around the heat of his eager tool.
"Fuck me," I repeated loudly enough for the camera to pick up. "Right here. In front of all your brothers." I inched my ass forward on the bar until I could rub his bulging head between my slick folds.
The crowd had realized something was up and a hush fell across the room as they waited to see what was going to happen next. Robbie looked down nervously and the cameraman followed his gaze, but my skirt was covering our sex.
"Do it, man!" camera-guy urged. "Your girl wants it bad."
"I do," I told Robbie in my sultriest voice, "I want it so bad. I want all your brothers to see how worthy I really am."
"Do it!" called a girl from the back of the room.
"Fuck her!" called a guy.
"Yeah, fuck that slut!" called another girl.
A cheer erupted and the crowd began to chant "Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!"
Robbie looked over at the camera, smiled and shook his head in resignation. When he turned back to me, he simply said "I love you."
"So prove i-AH!"
I gasped as Robbie lurched upwards and filled my body with his so suddenly that my ass came off the bar and I nearly hit my head on the ceiling.
The shy smile was gone and Robbie's lip curled in a determined smirk as he planted his palms on the bartop and drove himself into my hungry snatch over and over again in time to his brothers' chant.
"Yes baby, yes baby, yes baby," I gasped, clinging to his neck as his dick probed my pussy over and over again with steady, shallow strokes. "God you fuck me so good!"
Robbie's a big guy, but not so tall that his dick hangs at bar-height. He was up on his toes to keep himself inside me, and I don't care how toned your calves are, you just can't do that forever. I was starting to think I should let him bend me over a barstool instead when Robbie grabbed my ass and pulled me off the bar as he staggered backwards a step.
The air was forced out my lungs and I yelped in surprise when the full length of Robbie's erection speared my depths as my weight sank down.
I savored the sensual pressure deep in my core, but the sinful part of my psyche wanted that stimulating rhythm back. Hanging from his neck, I pulled myself up feeling each glorious inch of Robbie drag out between the petals of my carnal embrace before relaxing and sinking back to his hilt.
"You're so strong, Robbie," I moaned, stroking his ego as I rode up and down. "Mmmm... You're holding me up—Unf!—with your dick!"
Robbie blushed, looking around the room at all of his brothers ogling us. One of them called out "I gotta add that set tomyworkout," and everyone laughed. Camera-guy circled us trying to find the most pornographic angles under my skirt and down my open blouse.
"Guys, give us the sofa, huh?" Robbie called back over his shoulder and the crowd cleared a path behind him. I groaned in satisfaction as he flopped backwards, and I landed on my knees straddling his lap with his dick impaling me.
"You want me to ride you?" I asked, pushing the robe off his shoulders and planting my hands on his bare chest.
"This was your idea," he smirked. "Giddy-up!"
Bucking his hips, he started me on a steady rhythm sliding up and down his heavenly shaft.
I was soon moaning with ecstasy as Robbie bounced me with his hands on my hips and the crowd cheered us on. My head rolled back and I closed my eyes to focus all my energy on the rising tension that was building again.
Suddenly there were hands on my shoulders and I opened my eyes to see Ginny/Jenny standing over me, grinning wickedly with her tongue between her teeth.
"Hey Gammas," she yelled over the din, "who wants to see this bitch GET NAKED?"
Without even waiting for the affirmative cheer, she slid my blouse and bra straps down my shoulders, and I moved my hands one at a time, letting her remove my top completely.
I was too far gone to object, lost in semi-orgasmic delirium.
Robbie and I never broke our steady cadence as her hands roamed back up my bare skin, caressing my ribs, fondling my breasts. I squealed when she pinched a swollen nipple and shivered as her fingers drifted over my belly to the waist of my skirt.
Ginny/Jenny deftly opened the buttons and pulled my skirt away leaving me totally nude in a frat house basement fucking my fiancé for all his friends to watch.
Well, almost totally. I was still wearing Robbie's ring and my graduation crucifix, which I became suddenly aware of as the cool gold clung to my flushed skin between my bare breasts.
An unexpected wave of embarrassment washed over me and I pressed my body tight to Robbie's hiding my nudity. His brothers found me worthy to be with Robbie, but I wondered if his great-grandmother, whose ring I wore, would approve of such a wanton slut.
At the same time, the tremors of pleasure radiating out from my loins had me bouncing my ass on Robbie's dick with a fervid need for more.
Robbie wrapped an arm around my back and twined his fingers in my hair. "You alright?" he whispered in my ear as I clutched the back of the sofa, my chest pressed tight to his.
"Yess... Yessss, pleeease..." I closed my eyes to block out camera-guy circling through the crowd behind the sofa.
All of the conflicting sensations and emotions made it hard to focus. Another tempestuous orgasm was relentlessly building, and no humiliation was going to deny my desire. I had eagerly started down this sinful path, and I would see it through to the end, no matter how many Hail Marys Father Tom made me recite.
Robbie was getting close.
I could feel his heart rate quicken and his breath grow ragged. I didn't know if he was going to finish inside me or not, and I didn't care. I just didn't want him to finish without me. Clenching my teeth, I fucked him even harder.
Then something hot and fleshy was pressed against my lips.
I opened my eyes to see some guy's dick poking out of his open fly, a thatch of pubic hair inches from my face.
"Eewww! No!" I blurted, recoiling back away onto Robbie's lap in disgust.
Robbie looked back over his shoulder. "What the Hell, dude!? Are you seriously sticking your cock in my girlfriend's face?!"
The room went quiet, and dick-in-his-hand guy turned bright red, and even though I was sitting there stark naked in the middle of it, any sense of shame I had felt was quelled as all eyes turned to him. The mood should have been ruined, but instead all of my senses were suddenly focused on Robbie's erection throbbing deep inside of me.
"I... I dunno, man... I just... I thought she was gonna put out for-"
"You thoughtmygirlfriend—no, myfiancé—was gonna put out for the whole damn house!?" Robbie cut him off. "Is that what you thought, Smitty?"
Something strange was happening. It was like I could feel the testosterone coursing through Robbie's body. As he berated Smitty in front of everyone, I swear I could feel Robbie's dick getting bigger, swelling deep in my pussy.
"Well, I mean Ginny had her hands-"
"Seriously, dude!?" Robbie cut him off again. "You can't see the fucking difference between Ginny touching Christy, and you waving your pecker in her face? Are you that fucking dense?"
Listening to my sweet Robbie castigate his brother was like nothing I'd experienced before. I don't know how to explain it. The heat of his anger surged into my body as raw masculine energy. It overwhelmed me. I felt like I was going to explode.
"No man, but Jeff said to-"
"I don't give a fuck what Jeff, said!" Robbie barked. "If Jeff said to fuck Iota Chi's goat, would you do it?"
Biting down on my lip, I hung my head, digging my nails into the back of Robbie's shoulders in a desperate effort to contain the frenzied euphoria. I sat perfectly still, impaled, fearing that the slightest caress would set me off.
"This isn't some letter in a nudie mag, dude! Christy's here going above and beyond to prove herself to the brotherhood and you somehow think you deservemore? Smitty man, you make the whole house look bad when you do shit like that. Do you even get how fucking disrespectful that is? And not just to me, it's disrespectful to all of your brothers and the whole fraternity... And worst of all it's disrespectful to the woman I love."
I was arguably the sluttiest whore on campus tonight. Rachel would have blushed. Yet Robbie was defending my virtue like I was the Madonna. I didn't realize it was possible to be so horny. I could feel my clitoris pulsing with my pounding heart. Or was I feeling Robbie's pulse pounding inside of me?
"Now zip it up and sit your ass down!" he growled.
Calls of "Yeah, sit down, Smitty!" and "Sit the fuck down," accompanied cheers for Robbie's rant. I never wanted to make him cum so bad in my life.
"My hero," I gasped, looking him in the eye, still teetering on the brink of orgasm.
He glanced around the room at his cheering brothers with a bashful smile, then looked back at me and started to say "I'm sorry," but I cut him off.
"Don't apologize." I was so fixated on the pending explosion in my psyche that I could barely speak. "Do that thing... The thing you did at... at Winter Formal... up in the hotel room."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah."
"What did Brother Robert do to you at Winter Formal?" asked camera-guy.
I turned towards the camera, looked right into the lens, and in the huskiest voice I could manage I said "Watch this."
Taking his cue, Robbie grabbed my ass and flipped me over onto the sofa. He bent me double, hooking my heels over his shoulders, and he pummeled my pussy with an unholy ferocity.
I came.
I came hard, my body wracked by convulsions that would have had me falling to the floor if Robbie hadn't been nailing me to the sofa. My fingers clawed at the upholstery, my toes curled, and as the crowd chanted "Robert! Robert! Robert!" I drowned out their cheers with a euphoric wail of release.
"Shit man, he's fucking her like a god damn jack hammer!"
"He's gonna fuck her brains out."
"Jesus, I think she's still cumming, you guys!"
I was. The sensation of Robbie unleashing the full measure of his desire on my eager body left me an enervated wreck and all I could do was dig my nails into the sofa and ride out one rhapsodic wave after another.
"Damn girl, does Robbie always give it to you this good?" Ginny/Jenny asked, leaning over from behind the sofa and looking straight down at me.
I couldn't answer. Another crest broke and another and another. The room had dissolved into a cacophony of shapes and sounds and my fuck-drunk brain couldn't process any of it.
I couldn't stop cumming if I wanted to. It just went on and on.
Finally, Robbie pulled out. With a potent grunt of release, he sent an eruption of jizz across my throat and chin. A second burst of hot seed streaked my scarlet tits and soiled the gold crucifix between them. A third and a fourth spattered across my midriff.
Another cheer and more chanting and Robbie looked around the room, panting from his exertion. He smiled bashfully again, waving away all of the adulation. I let him have his moment and lay there in postcoital languor, running a finger idly through the mess on my stomach.
Camera-guy climbed over the back of the sofa and panned up my defiled body.
"Hey Christy, you just got laid at Alpha Lambda Gamma. What are you going to do next?"
I laughed at the trope, knowing what he wanted me to say.
"I'm going to Disneyland!" I grinned, and blew a kiss to the camera. Then, just for good measure I flipped him a middle finger with a wink.
That's where the video ends.
Several years later, Robbie and I were back at the fraternity house for an alumni fundraiser. Robbie snuck off to the library and stole the cassette from the hidden collection. We watched it together after we were certain the kids were asleep.
It turned out camera-guy had started recording when the brothers ambushed Robbie in the dining room. I got to watch them strip him naked and carry him kicking and thrashing out to the Green. I hadn't noticed camera-guy in the crowd shooting that whole ridiculous ceremony, but at least I got to see myself give Robbie that blowjob. I wonder if I would have been so bold if I had known the whole thing was being recorded?
Robbie and I don't even own a VCR to play it any more, but I still get a naughty thrill whenever I remember our Alpha Lambda Gamma sex tape hiding in the back of the night stand.