Tom parked the car just at the end of the long parking lot outside beach. It was the first week of summer break, so Sydney had decided it was a good time to introduce him to Amanda. However, she'd had one interesting caveat, since as his dom she'd been so giving.
"Now remember," she said, exiting the passenger seat, "No talking to anyone except myself and Amanda. And speak only when spoken to. Got it?"
"Got it." he said. Tom stretched a bit, since the ride from the dorms to the beach was so long, even with his reckless driving. Sydney looked at her boyfriend's glorious, sculpted body - those broad shoulders, those strong arms, that athletic chest, and those grand legs of his concealed only by a pair of blue swim trunks. To say nothing of course of that gorgeous face of his. Sydney herself looked grand - a purple two-piece bikini that, while covering her admittedly small (though nonetheless cute) breasts, left little to the imagination with regards to her wonderfully round ass, complimented by her amazingly thin waistline and thick thighs.
The pair made their way down to the beach, where Amanda was supposed to meet them.
"Let me see," Sydney said, looking around "Either she's somehow late or she's already hitting the waves. Oh! Oh, Tom, look, over there!".
She pointed to a woman on a large yellow surfboard riding a huge wave in the middle of the water.
"Is that her?" Tom asked.
"Yeah. She's so elegant" Sydney sighed, looking dreamily at her. Tom turned to her.
"Are y-" She stomped on his foot.
"No talking. Go fetch some snow cones, pervert." Tom walked off towards the east end of the beach where the snow cone stand was set up.
"God damn, should've seen that coming," he thought "Wait... how the hell am I supposed to order snow cones? I can't talk!".
He looked up at the menu for the snow cones, each of which had a number assigned to it.
"Oh perfect!" he thought "I'll just show the numbers on my hands! Now let's see... Sydney likes cherry, so I'll get her the number one."
Tom got to the front of the line and the man who tended to the storefront asked him what he wanted. Tom held up his index finger.
"Alrighty" said the cashier. The two stood there for a couple minutes.
"Well, are you going to order something?" asked the cashier. Tom held up his index finger again in confusion.
"Alrighty." said the cashier again. They stood there again for another couple minutes.
"Look buddy, do you want something or not?". Tom held up his index finger again and screwed his face in frustration.
"I've been giving you time, what do you want?!"
Tom pointed to his index finger in anger.
"I get that you need a minute, guy but there's other customers!".
Tom facepalmed in frustration. The process of trial and error continued for another five minutes, until he finally got a cherry snowcone for Sydney and a blueberry snowcone for himself, and proceeded back to where Sydney had set up their towels.
Amanda sat beside Sydney, her yellow surfboard right near her. Sydney had on a gorgeous red one-piece that clung tightly to her amazing hourglass figure and complimented her dark complexion, her skin made only more beautiful thanks to the shine of the sun off the water on her from her earlier surfing.
"There you are!" said Sydney "What took you so long?"
"The guy at the snow cone stand was... not great with understanding people." Tom said.
"That and you won't let me talk to people right now" he thought.
Sydney took her snowcone and started licking it.
"So, you must be Tom," said Amanda, holding out her hand "Amanda Collins, nice to meet you."
"Tom Vernor, same here." he said, accepting the handshake. Amanda took a good look at Tom and turned to Sydney grinning.
"Well Syd, I gotta hand it to ya, you at least know how to pick a looker". She turned back to Tom.
"So, Sydney tells me you're an anarchist. What's that entail?"
"Arguing on the internet and attending union meetings, basically."
"And punching Neo-Nazis?"
"Well, when they're in town, absolutely, but I don't do it all the time."
"You vote?"
"When it matters."
"It always matters."
"Only when they listen."
Sydney got up and stretched a bit.
"Well, this is gonna be a long one. Tom, I forgot my tanning lotion in the car, I'm gonna go get it and come right back."
She hurried to the parking lot, and the two resumed their conversation.
"So, you look nice and you don't seem to be an asshole. What do you do for a living?" Amanda asked, her face now more cold.
"Mechanic by trade, musician by commission." Tom responded.
"You got your career aspects lined up?"
"Family more or less owns a repair shop, I'm pretty much attending school for clerical reasons so they can hire me."
"What if it goes under?"
"Hometown's full of job opportunities for people with my skill set."
"What's your minor?"
"Political science."
"Your thoughts on Hillary Clinton?"
"She's an asshole."
"You ever thought of putting your hands on Sydney?"
"Not without her consent."
"How are you with money?"
"Frugal as can be within reason."
"Favorite video game?"
"Frogger. I'm sorry, is there a reason you're grilling me more than her family did?"
"Because Sydney means the world to me. She's my best friend and I care about her more than anything. And I've seen her go through too many shit partners to put up with another. So you better be damn good to her."
"I would never think of being anything less."
Sydney came back down to the beach, lotion bottle in hand.
"Got it!" she said "So, Amanda did Tom survive your interviewing process?"
Amanda turned to Sydney and grinned.
"Well, he doesn't seem to be an asshole, and like I said you got a real looker here." Sydney giggled.
"Don't worry about it Tom. Amanda and I go way back, she's just protective of me. Speaking of whom - Amanda, would you do me a favor and do my back?"
Amanda blushed slightly. "Oh, sure!"
"And do me a favor, give a good rub in there if you could. I hate to take advantage of your massage skills but my back's killing me right now."
She laid down on her towel, handed Amanda the bottle, and rested her head on her forearms. Amanda smiled a subtle smile and squirted some of the tanning lotion on to her. She started rubbing it over Sydney's back, pressing ever so slightly to relax her.
"Ohhh. Oh God yeah, that's the spot..." said Sydney. Tom's face went a little red. Amanda tenderly worked Sydney's back, then moved downward, spreading the lotion over her legs.
"Feel free to get my ass too, Amanda. I don't want an uneven tan while I'm out here. Besides, I have to ride back." She obliged, gently rubbing some more oil onto her gorgeous friend's deriere.
"Yeah... yeah right there."
Tom turned a little more red before leaning down and whispering into Sydney's ear "Onion". She looked at him wide-eyed.
"Hey Amanda, Tom just reminded me of something important. We gotta run to the car real quick. We'll be right back, OK?"
"Oh, sure Sy-", The two took off before she finished.
They got back to the car and Sydney hugged Tom tight, giving him little kisses on the cheek.
"Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh, babe, I'm so sorry. It was the foot stomp, wasn't it? Oh my gosh I went too far, I'm so sor-"
"Sydney," Tom said "It wasn't that. I just needed the freedom to speak and ask you something - Do you have like... a crush on Amanda?"
Sydney looked at him, a small hint of redness coming to her cheeks.
"...a little. I'm sorry, does that make you uncomfortable?"
"A bit. Not because of that necessarily it was just... it was weird seeing you fawn over her and get so flirty like that. Made me feel kind of well... unnecessary."
"Oh Tom, oh baby," she said "Babe, Amanda doesn't make you unnecessary. I mean sure, I've got a crush but I'm with you. Nothing changes that. I'm in love with you, Tom Vernor. Although it's kind of a shame you feel that way, that was the opposite of what I was going for."
"What were you going for?" Tom asked. Sydney grinned a little and looked away in a somewhat nervous fashion.
"Wellll... I figured... y'know... seeing two hot girls touch like that... me enjoying it... would get you in the mood to... I dunno...".
She then mumbled something Tom couldn't quite make out.
"I'm sorry, what did you say?" he asked.
"Oh... I dunno... maybe... have a public screw?" she said.
Tom went wide-eyed.
"Y-you're serious?". Sydney nodded and giggled.
"In the middle of the day?". She nodded again. Tom looked at her, now red as a tomato.
"W-where would you propose we do it?"
"In the backseat of your car. I imagined you, silent like that time I jerked you off in the shower. Gripping my thighs as I worked myself against you... the both of us made extra horny by the sheer risk and rush of it all...". Tom held her and gave her a kiss. He then leaned into her ear and whispered.
"I... I come to pay tribute to your divine majesty."
She looked longingly into his eyes before giving him a deep, wet, loving kiss.
"Follow my instructions to the letter, mortal," she said "Speak only when spoken to. Do not utter a single word..." She lightly caressed his cock through his swim trunks.
"...No matter what."
She kissed him again, her hand still on his cock, and they made their way back to the car. Tom laid down on the back seat, and Sydney slid his swim trunks down, exposing his erect prick. She looked around, making sure no one was in the lot. Then, she giggled, removing her bikini. Tom's gaze got wider and his prick got a bit harder. No matter how many times he saw her, there was just something amazing about her body. She sat down on his legs and started working his cock.
Meanwhile, down on the beach, Amanda got concerned. They'd been gone awhile. She hoped that she hadn't been too harsh. She certainly didn't want some loser dating Sydney, but she wouldn't forgive herself if she'd driven off someone she loved. Amanda sighed and decided to try to go find them. Hopefully she wasn't walking in on anything awkward. She made her way towards the lot, and towards the end saw a dinky little car that matched the description Sydney'd given her. She rushed up to the car and then stopped when she saw it - Sydney's face, her pretty body, naked as could be, her voice moaning in pleasure.
"Oh... oh my God." Amanda said loudly, before covering her mouth. Sydney stopped riding Tom long enough to see Amanda just outside the car.
"F-f-FUCK!" she yelled in embarassment. Amanda, not totally sure how to handle this, walked over and knocked on the window. Sydney rolled it down, both their faces filled with embarassment.
"H...hey..." said Sydney .
"Heyy..." Amanda said back. Tom looked away, shy as all hell, yet somehow maintaing his erection.
"That uh... that feel good?" Amanda asked.
"Y-yeah... it uh... it does, actually."
"I mean it... it looks like it. Your boyfriend's got a uh... a really nice..."
"Y-yeah he uh... he does."
"...you look... really nice right now..."
Sydney's face went red as blood. Amanda thought she looked nice? All the time she had a crush on this woman and now of all times she decided to say that? A thousand thoughts rang through her head.
"I um... I see you're having... fun... I'm gonna just..." Amanda stammered, starting to back away from the car.
"A-Amanda, wait!" she called out.
Amanda turned around. "Y-yeah?"
"Just one second." Sydney said. She leaned in and whispered in Tom's ear.
"What?" he whispered back in surprise.
"You're sure?"
"I mean, if you want."
"Amanda," Sydney said "I-If you'd like... you're free to stay. I mean... if you like what you see and all." Amada looked on in shock. She wasn't going to refuse but... wow, this was not the day she figured it'd be.
"I'd... I'd like that." she said.
"G-great!" said Sydney "Just one second."
She got off Tom's cock, then leaned back a bit to pull a level on the passenger seat, so that it slid down. Sydney and Tom managed to clumsily reposition themselves, so that Tom laid on the passenger seat and Sydney was again on top of him
"OK, get in the back, on the driver's side." Sydney said. Amanda sat in the back, where she had full view of the pair.
"Just one rule," Tom said "Please don't touch either of us. That and don't break the mood."
"O-oh, totally!" said Amanda. Sydney looked down at Tom and grinned, then said,
"Well now mortal... where were we?". She mounted his cock again, and started moving gently, feeling every inch of him inside her. She moaned in pleasure, moving up and down against him, all the while keeping eye contact with him. Amanda, captivated by her friend (not to mention Tom), started feeling horny herself. She moved her hand downwards, rubbing her clit through her one piece.
Sydney moved with more speed.
"Ohhh. Oh yes, you wonderful. Fucking. Pervert. Move that cock. Move it."
Tom started thrusting himself alongside her and Sydney moaned out in pleasure. Amanda moved the end of her bikini so that she could rub her pussy more directly. She felt amazing. It wasn't every day you got a live show of two gorgeous folks doing it in front of you. Sydney and Tom continued to fuck, and Amanda started moaning in pleasure alongside her friend, rubbing her right breast to better her own sensations.
Sydney looked over at Amanda, whose eyes were clamped down with ecstasy, then down at Tom, who was breathing heavy. She wondered... would they all cum together? Tom started breathing harder, and Amanda started letting out louder and louder moans. Finally, Tom nor Sydney could take anymore, and they both climaxed, followed shortly by Amanda. Sydney collapsed atop Tom and kissed him delicately.
"Fuck... fuck that was everything I thought it'd be," she said. She looked up at Amanda. "...and more." Amanda blushed.
"I hope things don't get weird between us." Amanda said.
"Hey, what's a little screwing between friends?" Sydney said sarcastically.
"I just hope Tom gets your approval. You two looked like you weren't getting along after I got back." she said.
"Oh, Tom definitely gets my approval." said Amanda "You two are happy as fuck together. No pun intended and all."
She turned to Tom. "You treat her well, a'ight?".
Tom smiled and nodded. "I wouldn't have it any other way." he said.
"And uh... sorry about the mess." Amanda said.
"Hey, don't worry about it. It's leather. Easy to clean. Besides worst case scenario I got a detailing kit back at the dorms."
The three got dressed and made their back to the beach. Tom and Amanda started chatting each other up, going back and forth mainly about their respective workout routines. It got dark before the three finally packed up and said their goodbyes. Tom and Sydney got back in the car, and Tom started driving. Unlike usual, he actually did the speed limit.
"Hey Sydney, I'm gonna drop you off at your place," Tom said "I have an errand I gotta run before heading back to the dorms."
"Oh. Sure, Tom." she said. They got to Sydney's, and kissed before Tom departed.
"I'll talk to you tomorrow, OK?" he said.
"Sure darling. Get home safe."
Tom drove off. Before getting back to the dorm, he stopped by the corner store a couple miles away.
"Shit... closed. Fuck it, I'll ask Casey for some booze tomorrow. I'm gonna need it." he thought. He hopped back in his car, resuming his normal reckless speed, got back to the dorms, and plopped into bed.
"I'm really not looking forward to this." he thought.