There I was, on my hands and knees before a man I didn't even know. His hand stroked his hard cock right in front of my face and even in the dim light from the nearby streetlight, I could seem the head glistening with precum.
My ass was stretched and full of cum for the first stranger to appear at this rest stop. Just a couple of hours ago I had posted my location to a kink website with hopes that I would get fucked by some random strangers this evening. I wasn't sure what kind of turnout I was expecting, but I couldn't be happier.
The man with the thick cock that had stretched me good was walking away, leaving the man before me and the two others off to the side to have their way with me. I looked up at the man stroking himself in front of my face and opened my mouth, sticking my tongue out to welcome his long shaft into my mouth.
He quickly stepped forward and let his cock slide right into my mouth. Then his hand fisted my hair and started moving my head back and forth, using my mouth as his own personal fuck toy. I groaned, looking up at him with lust filled eyes.
"Fuck..." he panted quietly, shoving his cock right down my throat. I gagged slightly, but recovered. He didn't give me a chance to take a breath though, as seemed to be trying to get his cock as far down my throat as he could.
My eyes rolled back into my head and he pulled my head into him and held me there tightly. I gagged again, drooling over his cock. He held me there for what felt like a whole minute before pulling out. I gasped and coughed, watching as a string of spit continued to context us as his cock came out of my mouth.
He thrust his cock down my throat again, keeping his hold on my hair. "Yes... that's a good little slut." He started to fuck my throat with short, powerful thrusts and the head of his cock continued to stretch the back of my throat open each time. "Choke on my big cock you dirty fucking whore."
I growled and gagged more, my cock throbbing once more as he talked to me like that. I loved it. His thrusts got faster as I heard footsteps coming closer to my left.
"Fuck yeah. You want in on this?" The guy whose cock I was choking on spoke to the man behind me on my left.
"Yeah," came the deep voice of the second man.
"He's got another hole, the other guy stretched him out real good for us."
As the guy in my throat spoke, I felt a large hand grab my ass rigtt hit in the center and his long finger slipped right into my hole all the way to the final knuckle. The man groaned. "Fuck yes. I love using someone else's cum as my lube."
He used that finger to pull my ass up off the ground as high as I could raise it. Then he moved his finger in and out of me a few times before lining himself up and shoving his cock right inside of me.
I would have screamed if it hadn't been for the cock down my throat, but I'm sure the man felt my throat tighten around him. The man who had just shoved his cock deep into my ass without a care in the world felt even thicker than the first man, and at least two inches longer. It took my breath away.
I struggled and coughed around the cock, and he had pity enough on me to pull out and give me a chance to breathe before ramming it back in me.
The one in my ass didn't pause. He gripped my hips tightly, almost hurting me as he yanked them back into his cock as he thrust forward. I tried to scream again, but was fully gagged by the cock in my mouth. The attempted screaming must have felt intense to the one fucking my throat, because he grunted and shot a load down my throat, pulling back to get the next few spirts all over my face.
My cock ached and throbbed as it bounced back and forth beneath me, the owner of the cum on my face yanked my hair, forcing me to look at him as he bent down to look into my eyes, only an inch away.
"That's a good little slut." He said, smacking my face several times before letting me go and walking off.
Only seconds passed before there was another man in front of me, shaking his hard cock at me.
"Get it nice and wet, fuck toy. I'm going to breed your ass next." He told me.
I opened my mouth again, eyes and cheeks wet from choking on the last cock. I needed more. He obliged, shoving his thick, short cock into my mouth. He wasn't long enough to choke me like the last guy, but he was thick. It felt good in my mouth.
He groaned as he pushed his cock past my lips and his hips started moving aggressively. Meanwhile, the man pounding my ass was getting faster as well, grunting as he shoved his thick shaft as deep as he could go, pulling back out until only the head remained, and then shoving it in again. I was helpless to do anything but take it.
Those hard thrusts became more animalistic and he soon came deep in my ass, thrusting deep throughout his orgasm to keep his cum inside of me. I heard him groaning as his cock spasmed inside of me, feeling every jerk and the hot seed emptying out into me.
"Fuuuck..." he groaned, then pulled out with a wet pop and I could feel my ass throbbing from the intense fucking I was given by two guys now.
He smacked my ass softly. "That's a good boy." He then spoke to the guy in my mouth. "You want a piece of this nice ass. All lubed up and ready." He chuckled.
"Oh hell yeah!" The shorter cock groaned as he pulled out. Then he walked around behind me and shoved his thick cock into my ass.
I whined out, feeling a bit of pain as he carelessly passed through the ring of muscle. While the others had stretched me well, he was still much thicker.
With my mouth unoccupied, I moaned loudly. He grabbed my hair and yanked my head up hard. "Listen, bitch. You need to be quiet. And if you can't be quiet, then I'll have one of these nice men plug that fucking hole too." He growled, turning my head for me.
I saw a full line of men, all with their hands either on their exposed dicks or on the crotch of their pants. There must have been seven guys that hadn't had a turn with me. The other two were still hanging around to watch the show.
I smirked briefly at his words, then opened my mouth with my tongue out, begging one of them to fill it. Three of the seven walked forward a few steps but the one in the middle, directly in front of me got to me first and the other two stopped where they were.
This man grabbed my hair, taking it from the one behind me, still ramming into my ass at a breathtaking speed.
"You stupid brat. He threatens you with a punishment and you beg for it. I fucking teach you." He growled, and then he shoved his cock deep into my open mouth and he started fucking my throat right away. He was just as long as some of some of the others, but he was angled in just the right way that his cock's head slid right into my throat.
He gripped my hair with both hands to hold my head in place. The head of his cock repeatedly stretched out my throat and it felt sore, causing me to gag and cough around it. the man in my mouth was relentless. When I made any sound to try to protest in some way, he just slammed his cock into my throat, causing me to cough hard. He still wouldn't let go and tears were streaming down my face.
I had never been handled so roughly in my life. It felt good to get fucked and choked by cocks that we're so in control of my body.
At first, I could hear anything with the hard pounding my throat was getting, but as he continued, I could pick out things that these two men said to each other.
Short and thick was back there pounding my ass as he spoke, "This little slut needs to be properly broken in."
"Yeah," the other man grunted as his length slid down my throat again. "Teach him a lesson. He thinks he's in control here."
"But he's not," short and thick answered quickly. Then he shifted his hips so that he was ramming into my prostrate. I gasped and bucked into him. His strong hands grabbed my hips and went even faster.
My orgasm built so quickly I could feel it burn through my entire body as it boiled to the surface. It took seconds for my orgasm to move from my balls to my shaft and my cum shot out to the ground, covering the damp grass with my hot, thick seed.
The spasming my body did clamped down on the thick cock inside of me in just the right ways, milking his cum from him. He emptied himself into me, and I felt a surprising amount of cum fill my ass to the brim. I could even fill a mix of hot and Luke warm cum dripping down my thighs.
"Fuuuuck yes!" Te one behind me groaned. "That's a good boy milking my cock for all of my cum." He smacked me lightly in the back of the head. "You know all you're good for is to be bred."
I nodded in response, though the other man wouldn't let me move much. Short and thick then thrust several more times into my ass before yanking his cock out, leaving a tape I could actually feel. As the cold air hit my fucked out pucker, I shivered.
"Push that cum out you stupid bitch. I'm going to show everyone online how much of a fucking cum slut you are." And then I heard his phone camera make a few sounds. I pushed as much as I could, and I felt a little more cum slip out of my hole and slide down my right thigh. I groaned at the feeling.
Meanwhile, the man pounding pummeling my throat hadn't even let up. "Fuck... that throat is just taking my cock. You poor helpless fucktoy. I'm going to make sure you can't talk tomorrow."
With the other guy backing up, he kept hold of my hair and stood up dragging me to my knees. His hand supported most of my weight as we moved as one and I found my legs incredibly shaky. It was a miracle I could kneel at all.
I felt two men step up beside the one ducking by my mouth and I could see them stroking their dicks right next to my face. Where they all going to take turns fucking my throat? I wondered.
I felt like such a slut with the way I was being used. My ass and my throat was sore, causing my cock to throb with a dull ache.
"You gonna share, J?" The man to my right asked.
The one he called J, pulled out and groaned, pushing my head over to the right, forcing my open mouth down into this man's waiting cock.
This was definitely going to be a night to remember!