This is an erotic love story. And, it's true. It is about being so utterly and insanely in love that you would do anything. Even if it means losing yourself.
Anything to remain in orbit. In the orbit of the one you love.
But, It is also a murder mystery. A homicide. A slow brutal tragedy. Of Rachael. The girl I loved.
It culminated on Valentine's day. The day of love. The day that my Rachael was brutally struck down. Not by an arrow, but with a bullet.
But, love can come from strange places. When we least expect it. Cupid can save us. At times, he can save us from ourselves.
What information is on Rachael's "event horizon" to discover who killed her? In finding the truth, can I save myself in the process?
--------------------------------
Act 1:
The Crime Scene and Love Affair
Chapter 1: The apartment
This side of town is not for everyone. If you can help it, try and avoid it.
The cops just arrived.
Christ, it is a damn bloody fucking mess. I knew something like this was bound to happen down here, but I didn't expect... Well.... Damn it to hell. I feel so destroyed. So empty. A part of me is gone.
I am still recovering from the shock. And still shaking.
I just... I mean, ... Well, I didn't expect it would happen to her. Sure, now it seems that all the clues were there. But then again, it could have been any of them. The bastards. Any one of them could have done this!
Now she is there. Sprawled out. Naked. Contorted.
A bullet through her temple. Her brains -- splattered all over the room. Poor Rachael. Poor lovely Rachael. My beloved Rachael.
Even like this, Rachael's body is strangely erotic, strangely beautiful. Even as a corpse, Rachael still attracted everyone and everything. It was Valentine's day. I had bought roses for her and they are now scattered all over the floor with her body. My note is splattered in blood. We had just made love this morning. My pussy was still tingling from her tongue.
Who was it that did this to her? The door was closed. She is completely naked. Her hair is still wet from the shower. Her towel is draped over her chair, now soaked with blood. The gun is on the floor next to her head. They left it to look like it was her. To throw off the trail. Typical.
An apparent cover-up. Faked suicide. But, that won't fly. Nah, the cops won't believe it. The door looks forced. There are cigarette buts in the ashtray, with its rising smoke still lingering high in the room like clenched fists. Maybe there is white dust -- not sure. There is a glass of whisky. Perhaps, telltale signs of struggle. There will be DNA. There will be lots of semen in every orifice of her body -- tons of it. They will find the bastard that did this. It could have been Franny, or Kingsley, or that fat son-of-a-bitch, Curly. Maybe it was an organized hit from the fucking Femdoms. Or it could be the other girls in the joint. But why? Well, there were lots of reasons. Lots.
Besides, she was too beautiful. Too happy in life. She had it all. Everybody knew that.
And, she had me. She loved me. She knew I needed her. She wouldn't do it to me.
Lots of the scumbags down here on the Eastside tried to take from Rachael. Take this, take that, a bit of ass, take some tits. And, definitely take her sweet pussy. Everyone wanted a piece of the action. Take her soul. There was a pack of them. Yeah, she was the type of person that everybody wanted a piece.
For her at first, this was just an extra gig until the next thing. Some extra cash. Some extra danger. The risk. Everyone could use an extra score every once in a while. Right? But the others didn't see it that way. For them, she was the score. Rachael was the center of it all, and the other chicks didn't like it.
We were lovers. When she wasn't "doing trix". Or, when I wasn't off "doing trix" or doing them together.
Yeah, that's what we called it. "Doing trix," we would laugh and giggle together, like two schoolgirls. But schoolgirls don't do trix. At least not good and decent schoolgirls. Not schoolgirls that have common-sense.
I have to admit in the past few months, the "trix" started to get weirder, kinkier, more extreme. More dangerous. The "johns" were more often doms with huge cocks that fucked hard -- sticking it in quickly, not concerned about being gentle. But the "janes" were far worse -- they were nasty femdom bitches into heavy bondage, pain, whipping, and torture, as well as other weird shit. I did these "trix" together with Rachael. I did it for her.
"Com'on Nicola, please come along, they want to do it with two girls. This way we can be together too.... please say yes and help me out."
I would do whatever she asked of me. I did lots of them with her. She told me that these types of "johns" and "janes" wanted the two of us. They were really hard "trix". I hated it. But, I never told her. I was always in tons of pain during and afterward. I was always scared as hell, especially from the femdoms. But, Rachael came to like it. The degradation. The humiliation. The danger. The risk. She craved these "trix". She needed them. Far too much!
----
Ballistics experts and special forensics were swarming around the room in a frenzy. For me, it is all so hazy. I am dizzy. I can only see her bloody figure, now covered with a thin police crime scene cloth. And the blood. Christ! The fucking blood.
----
"Nicola, are you sure you are alright," the lieutenant said.
"Yeah, I'll be ok," I said as I wiped the tears from my eyes.
Yeah, he called me by my first name. He knew me. O'Malley. Lt. O'Malley from down in the 5th precinct, now promoted to homicide. I had been down there a few times. Ya' know, to the station. The typical. Suspected prostitution. O'Malley was a good guy. He knew I wasn't like the others. He saw in me a person that was trapped and just trying to get out. That's why he called me by my first name -- ya' know, like we were friends. He was trying to help. He knew that I didn't.... Well, maybe he wished sometimes that I did... Oh, dammit! you know what I mean.
"Nicola, you're a good kid. Why don't you just get out of all of this? You don't need all this," he said to me trying to soothe me with his arm around my shoulder. "Tell Franny, you had enough, and leave."
Yeah, O'Malley was a good guy.
For a cop.
And he was right. Good looking too. In a cop kind of way. Large, wide shoulders, muscular, square jaw, blondish thinning hair, Irish looking, mid-40-ish, divorced, a pint of Jacky D's on the weekend, sleepless and chronic PTSD nights from the fucking Afgan thing -- ya' know, the typical bloke on the force. But, ya, kinda good looking. He was giving me good advice to try to save me.
Yeah, you heard me right. To try to save my tight sexy fuckable ass and not end up like Rachael. Not end up taking a fucking bullet through my temple.
"Who would do this, Mac?" I said between my tears.
-------
I called him Mac. I don't know why. I called him Mac the first time they detained me down at the station. Ya' know, down there in the 5th. He looked like his name should be Mac. So there it is. I started calling him that and it made him smile. He liked me. He liked me without looking at my body -- and trying to get into the slit between my skinny legs. From then on, I always called him Mac.
I liked him too. For a cop.
He was good to me. He didn't look at me like all the assholes in this section of town that wreak of scumbags. He wasn't always trying to touch me up. I think he actually cared for me. I think he saw through my outside, confused, naive self, and saw something that was good in me. Maybe -- even then -- he saw potential in me, that I didn't even know or was too scared and dependent on others to realize.
Did I mention that he is a cop? Oh yeah, I did. But, I kinda like him. Really. It's strange. Even if he was a cop.
----
"I don't know who did it, Nicola. Com'on," he said in a caring manner. "Me and the guys will take care of all this. You just need to get some rest and you gotta get out of this joint. You can stay at my place for a few days, or for as long as you want. You'll be safe there."
Maybe I will take him up on his offer. I can't think straight now. Not with Rachael like this. Not with her brains splattered all over the room. And, I can't stay here in this dump of an apartment above Franny's "casino club" -- so close to all of them. Maybe I need to trust this cop. Just this once.
As tears streamed down my face, I tucked my head into his wide muscular chest. He hugged me with his large arms. I let him hold me. I needed it.
"Mac?" I whispered through my sniffling.
"Yeah?"
"Will you promise me you will find out who did this to Rachael?"
"Yeah. We will find out, Nik," he said softly. "But don't think about this now. You can trust me. Com'on, I'll get one of the guys to bring you to my place, and then I'll be there soon."
"Promise me Mac", I implored. "Please find them. Promise me you will find them."
"Yeah kid," he said as if detached, looking off into the distance. "I promise."
Chapter 2: Meeting Rachael
So where did all this begin? How did we get here -- at the crime scene? At the homicide.
First, I know what you are thinking. You never saw me here before. In the train wreck of a joint down here on the Eastside. This part of town that wreaks failure. This street where everybody has the red-eye from not sleeping. Nobody here really sleeps. You are either too busy fucking or too busy getting fucked. And most people here are simply fucked.
You probably don't recognize me because I'm normally completely naked with short black hair with lots of makeup. It makes a big difference, doesn't it? That's the idea.
Now, I look like a normal 20 something girl. Right?
Not at all clear what a normal-looking girl is doing down here. I have to admit, seen this way, I kind of agree. I mean, I lucked out in life with my looks -- cherry-blond hair, kind of pretty face, grey-blue eyes, a sexy skinny body, small tits, and a cute hairless pussy (I never really had much hair down there, so I never needed to shave.... a question of lucky genes, I guess). I never tried drugs, don't drink or smoke. I even went to college -- at least at first.
Until I started "doing trix".
I can imagine my mother's stern voice. I can imagine being scolded by my big brother.
"So, Nicola, why are you here in this joint? Here in the East End Casino Club. Naked. Dancing around on stage and showing your fuckable naked body to a bunch of slobbering losers. And why are you doing trix? Why, Nicola?"
But they don't know the truth, of course. They think I work for a small boutique store down in the Village preparing wedding invitations or some shit like that.
Yeah, well it's a long story. You'll see. When you get some information. A bit of context.
----
We all need "information". We all need to increase our entropy. With more information, there is more disorder in the universe. But even still, it clarifies. It defines time's arrow.
At first, Rachael was like a massive neutron star. Pure gravity. Spinning out of control. Pulling and dragging along space-time with her. A vortex. Capturing everyone and everything in her grip. Like the gravity of a massive black hole in the center of a galaxy. Everyone in her life was on her accretion disk, sucked into her by the intense force.
The information too was there. To understand her death, we need to examine the entropy on her event horizon. All the information ever produced is accumulated in the event horizon of a black hole. We need to sort out all the information.
And Christ, we always need more. Yeah, we need more "Information". Always.
-----
I started working here at the East End Casino club -- a strip joint -- when I turned 19. But, it's not like you think. You'll see.
I was still a kid, for Christ's sake! l still wore flannel pajamas to bed and slept with a teddy bear. Who doesn't at that age? I was still afraid of the dark. Now, three years later, I am not afraid of the dark, I am absolutely terrified of who's in it. But I am getting ahead of myself.
-----
I met Rachael at college. She was my roommate in the dorms. We were both studying English Lit. Well, I don't know if "studying" is the right word. We were there. At first, quite a bit, but then Rachael discovered the concept of "trix". And yours truly --- the naive and ever dependent, Nicola -- followed.
Anyway, Rachael was always up for anything new and exciting. She was anxious for life and had a voracious appetite and energy for more. But, it's not like you think. I would later learn that there was something darker and hidden deep inside her. She was involved in an inner struggle. She refused to be trapped. This endless energy was her counterbalance, to break out.
But, to all those around her, she was "gravity" personified. Her very self was like the gravity of a black hole. Everything in her orbit was attracted to Rachael. I was attracted to Rachael.
I was in Rachael's accretion disk.
-----
The first day at the dorm uptown, all the other girls were moving in. There was a tremendous amount of commotion in the hallways. Suitcases, boxes, plants. Parents. Well, normal parents -- not like mine. Reunions of last year's students.
When I arrived to my assigned room, it was already open and my to-be room-mate was already installed. She was sitting on her bed listening to music on her phone. As I entered she looked up with a friendly smile. She had a t-shirt that stopped right above her belly button, that was pierced with a gold pin with what looked like a precious stone. Then I noticed that she just had thin transparent panties. The door was open, and all she had on were panties. If she stood up, her slit would be clearly visible.
Her nearly transparent t-shirt was also quite revealing. Underneath she didn't have a bra, and her small areolas with pointy nipples were visible.
"Hi, I'm Nicola. I guess we're roommates," I said extending my hand to the girl that would be sharing my dorm room.
"Rachael," she said with a fresh smile as she took my hand. "Nice to meet you roomy. What's your major?"
"English Lit, and you?"
"Me too! That is so cool. Wow, looks like we will be sharing more than just a room."
"Cool," was all I could muster.
She must have noticed that I was immediately taken in by her at first-site. I never took notice of another girl. But, she seemed to cast a spell over me.
"You are so pretty, I hope we will soon be sharing much more than classes and this room," she said as she stood up. "Here, let me help you with your bags.
When she stood up, her sexy semi-naked body came into full view. I was taken aback at how open she was. Rachael was exceptionally beautiful. I mean, I'm not ugly (in fact, some say I'm kinda cute), but she was on an entirely different plane. She was like a goddess. Her face was chiseled to perfection. She had full black hair, large pouting and flushed lips that looked like she had been sucking a cock all day long, a small slightly pointed nose, and the most beautiful green-blue eyes, that looked like pools in a tropical garden.
Her body was made for sex. She had breasts that were full but firm. Her limbs were long, slender, but athletic. From behind, her long legs seemed to climb to heaven, culminating in a pelvis that evoked sensuality and fertility to be fucked into oblivion.
And she was here practically naked in front of me. Bending down, lifting my boxes, basically performing aerobics in front of me in her tiny transparent panties. Her cute hairless slit was clearly visible. I was glued to her movements. To this wanton display. And, I noticed a tingle down there in my private area.
She saw me looking at her. She smiled as if she knew the effect it was having.
"Oh, I hope you don't mind," she said looking down at her scantly clad body. "It's just so hot."
No, it was Rachael that was hot. Rachael was burning like a thousand suns.
------
During the start of the semester, I would later realize that Rachael was not some floozy. No, she was the most intelligent person I knew. She could read Dostoievski in one sitting and give you a full critique. In English Lit class, she helped me through frustratingly depressive Jude the Obscure, by the always cheery and optimistic Hardy. Or the damn futility of it all from Dickens' Bleak House to Great expectations. She could recite T.S. Eliot's Wasteland as if it were a pop song. And, holy shit, where the hell did she ascertain the depth of the allegorical allusions to greek mythology and contemporary works?
And she knew something about physics. I don't know how, but Christ, she knew about the most important thing in our universe -- supernovae. How could I ever know that it was for a reason? How could I ever know that she would eventually go supernova?
Yes, for me, Rachael was a supreme genius. But, at the same time, she was an utter slut. A complete dichotomy. Two apparent extremes of the forces in the universe. She always had men (and women) willing and ready to fuck her. And when she chose, she let them. And that was often. Every day. Sometimes more than once.
Apart from all of them, she also had me. She let me love her. But, I had to share her. I was just one of many bodies in her galaxy. Oh, how I loved and needed her. With all my soul.
But Rachael had an epic flaw. It was the intoxication of the worst substance of all. Life itself. Burning it way too fast. High octane. Those that run, because they need to escape from what is in the furthest recesses of their minds.
These are the people that have gone so far, there is no longer anyplace to explore. Then they must face that which is the most terrifying -- Themselves.
It was as if she wanted to experience life to its fullest because it would be over soon. She needed it. At all hours.
Normal life could never be fast enough for Rachael. It could never be full enough. I didn't see that. I was blind with love. Others were blind with jealousy. Something would happen.
Forces were coalescing.
The universe is not still. It lurches forward. Violently. Consuming. It expands nothingness at the speed of light.
Yes, something was bound to happen.
-----
When I had arrived at college, I never had thought about girls. I didn't have a steady boyfriend but always had some boy or other to mess around with. OK, I guess I am not bad-looking either, because I normally had my pick.
And, I loved it when their cocks got hard for me. But I was still a virgin and I didn't let them fuck me.
----
"Nicola, you are so hot," Ryan said. "I love how you look in these jeans. Your ass is so tight and the gap between your skinny legs is sexy as hell. I want to rip them off."
He would then start rubbing his hand all over me. His hand would rub my ass and slip between my legs from behind. Just thinking about makes me aroused.
"That's ticklish," I said, acting to push him away giggling.
Ryan knew better. He was what you could call my boyfriend at that moment. The thing was, I liked him, but I was not in love with him. But, I liked teasing him, and I liked the thought of his cock. I fantasized about it. I masturbated at night thinking about his cock.
When we kissed, I could feel his hard manhood pressing against me. It was so hot. I would love to grab it right there. The reality was I would love it to enter me. But, I was afraid.
I loved how the boys touched me as if I would say no in the next moment.
"Umm, not now Ryan," I would tease him.
He would grab me knowing that I was only being playful. He knew that I really did want him to touch me. He knew that I would love it if he entered me. But he was so gentle.
"I want you so much Nicola," he would whisper.
I loved how I made him hard. It was so hot that he wanted to possess me. I loved how he kissed me. How he touched my breasts. And I loved the game and teasing.
He would hug me and his hands would move down to my ass. I loved his hands as they ran it down the middle of my ass and rubbed between the tight gap that my skinny legs formed behind.
-----
"When will you be coming back, Nicola?"
Ryan stayed back in the hometown. He was working at the new construction site. His family business was booming. But, I know that he hated to see me leave for college. He knew that this was the end.
"In a couple of weeks, I'll be back," I assured him with a sensual kiss, knowing that it wouldn't be true.
Ryan was my last "boyfriend" I had before I went to college.
-------
Then I met Rachael. Soon, I would start "doing trix" with Rachael.
No. I started "doing trix" FOR Rachael. I would do anything she asked of me.
I lived and slept in the same room with Rachael. And -- I fell in love with Rachael. I adored her. I imagined my life forever with Rachael. I craved her. I thought by loving a person like her, I also would become confident and strong. I would live with this concept for a while.
Even though my infatuation with her had begun from the first instant, it didn't become a real love affair until later. But, she knew from that moment, of course. She saw it in my eyes. She had innate intuition, foresight, and prescience.
We would study in our dorm room at night. From my desk, I would steel long glances between her legs, only slightly hidden behind her tight boxer shorts as she lay reading on her bed, on her stomach with her legs bent and her feet moving back and forth in the air. As her legs opened and closed, her pussy became visible. It was so erotic. This was so crazy. I never thought of myself as a lesbian. I never found another woman's vagina the slightest bit erotic. But with Rachael, I was more aroused than ever in my life. I had to touch myself looking at her.
Since her head was buried in her book, I slipped a finger along the outside of my panties. My God, I was so wet! I imagined my finger touching between her tight ass cheeks. I would love to smell her aroma. I would love my face nuzzled between her legs. But, I was never aroused by another girl. Now my finger found the moist lips of my kitty. It felt so good.
As if she had a second sense, she turned around quickly and caught me staring at her. She caught me with my hand at my crotch.
"Like the view?" she asked with a giggle.
"Oh, I ....umh, I was just trying to remember this passage," I stuttered.
"Mmm, I also remember things when I touch myself down there," she said as she giggled.
She knew. As she smiled and turned her head back to the book she was studying, she knew that my concentration was on her accretion disk. I had been mesmerized by her tantalizing slit and the erotic folds of womanhood. Enraptured by her soft smooth skin and long legs. I became wet thinking about touching her supple ass and letting my tongue run up her legs and between her legs. I imagined her musky sexual scent. I imagined my nose entering her wet folds and my entire face consumed between her legs.
On those nights of utter frustration after watching her walk around semi-nude in our room, I am sure that she heard me masturbating in the bunk bed above her, knowing that I was rubbing myself thinking about her. She must have smiled, knowing that I was thinking about her tongue running down my tummy and between my moist kitty.
----
We were inseparable the entire semester. We did everything together. We even showered together in the public showers. Since the dorms were built in an old building, the showers were institutional, in a row, without stalls. That meant showering together.
Every day, since we had the same schedule, we would shower right next to one another. Rachael must have known that I couldn't keep my eyes off her. With her back to me, I would watch her lather her smooth body. As her fingers bathed between her ass cheeks and between her hairless pussy. I would imagine being able to touch her wet vagina. I wished it was my fingers soaping her between her legs. I wished I could embrace her under the water of the shower and massage her firm breasts. When her back was turned, I would slip my fingers into my pussy and I would remain frustrated.
Rachael knew that I couldn't stop looking at her. She knew what I desired. And she waited for the moment. That moment would come soon enough.
-----
Chapter 3: On Rachael's Orbit
One of those cold northeastern nights in November during the first semester, when we should have been studying, we were sitting on the floor together in our college dorm room, each dressed in flannel pajamas, listening and lip-singing to our favorite music. It was late, the room was dark except for the flicker of candles. We had drunk a bottle of wine. We rocked back and forth to the beat of the music as if dancing together.
Rachael put her arm over my shoulders as we moved with the rhythm. We were singing together. She looked into my eyes as we sang the song. With her arm around my neck and shoulders, she hugged me tighter and brought me closer to her. She locked her gaze in my eyes as she moved forward and kissed me passionately on the lips.
I had crossed the point of no return. I was trapped in the gravity of Rachael's event horizon.
With her free hand, she caressed my face as she continued to kiss me and explore my mouth with her long sexy tongue. Her hand moved down my neck slowly caressing me. She touched my braless breast and found my hard nipple over the flannel pajama top, which she gently pinched between her slender fingers. From her warm sensual kiss and caresses, I felt warm all over.
"Nicola you are so beautiful and innocent," she whispered while still kissing me. "I think cupid has hit me with his arrow. I am falling in love with you. Do you love me?"
I could barely respond. I melted. It was my wildest dream coming true. For nearly three months I dreamed of this every day.
"Yes," I said almost inaudible, too lost in her supple kisses.
But my reaction was clear. I needed her. She knew it. She had all the information she needed. The entropy had always been there.
Her hand massaged my breasts and body, as her palms moved up and down my flannel pajama top. As her supple lips were locked on mine in a never-ending kiss, she felt around the pajama top to encounter the top button. She urgently unclasped the first button and then the next, and the next. She slipped her warm hand inside to touch my naked flesh.
I gasped at her touch.
She pushed her chest onto mine. Her soft touch felt so good. I wanted to be naked with her. I wanted to feel her naked breasts against mine. I wanted our nipples to touch.
"Tell me you want me to make love to you," she said between her supple kisses.
"Mmm,"
"No, tell me. Ask me," she commanded me gently and erotically. "Plead with me, and tell me how much you want it."
"Oh, yes, I do,"
"But you have to tell me,"
"Please Rachael, make love to me"
"How? Tell me, Nicola," she commanded gently and playfully as she pinches my nipple hard.
"Ouch"
"Tell me," she whispers with a low voice, 'sotto voce'
----
She was an artist. For her, sex was a blank canvas for her to paint on. With her brush, she created the subtlety of the impressionistic paintings of Monet, with the surprise and vulgarity of Fauvism.
Sex was a carefully choreographed dance. The gypsy flamenco dancer with arms raised in semicircles, the contorted hands evoking expression and magic. Passion. But keeping distance, like the two lovers in a tango of Buenos Aires. The anticipation. It was a duel. Large sweeping movements, circling her lover with eyes locked.
She was like the bullfighter. Against the fierce opponent. Fear. Fear of showing weakness. Fear of flinching. Fear of being torn apart. Her slender naked figure stands in front of the large beast. Only briefly, she covers herself with a small red cape. Her opponent is anxious. Furious. Hurt. Confused. Bleeding. It is hot. Beads of sweat coalesce under her eyes and the nape of her neck. Her small supple breasts point upward.
Silence. Nerves. Fear. The smell of death. Their eyes are locked on each other. The beast moves his hoof back and forth in the dry earth. Dust rises as if the ground were on fire. She moves slowly, circling him. The time is approaching. He follows her slender body with the brilliant red cape as she circles him. He turns to keep his eyes locked on her.
Her naked figure is visible to all. She tries to distract the beast with the color of the cape, but her small skinny naked body is too enticing. The beast is mesmerized. She moves to the side, moving the red cape, making it flap in the windless scorching heat. She continues to circle the beast slowly.
------
"I do. I am falling in love with you, Rachael," I whisper.
"Tell me what you want me to do to you."
"Oh, Rachael, please. Touch me. Hold me. Take me."
"Do you want me to touch you down there?"
"Uh-hum"
"Then tell me."
-----
At this moment, she raises the long sword so that it is horizontal, and points directly at the beast. They stare into each other's eyes. Each knows that death is imminent. Each knows that it is time to act. The unsustainable tension. She grasps the hilt of the sword with two, one hand on the grip, the other around the pommel. She then raises it higher, so that it is nearly over her head and pointing down towards the animal. She aims.
Just then, the enormous beast charges towards her with all his might.
And then, "La suerte suprema?" But to whom?
Or, death?
------------------
"I want you to take me, Rachael. Oh, please touch me and lick me there."
"I will."
Just then Rachael moved close to me and started to kissing me on the mouth in mid-sentence. Even though I had expected it, I was taken off guard by the suddenness. But, I couldn't deny that I wanted this. I kissed her back. Her lips parted as she felt Rachael's tongue enter my mouth and twirl around her own.
Rachael's hand moved down my body. Over my breasts, and then down between my legs. She began to rub back and forth with increasing force and urgency. I parted my legs to give her better access. I could not believe that this was happening. But my thoughts were on Rachael and I wanted to touch her body too. I was losing control. I wanted to be naked and make love to Rachael.
Rachael gently squeezed my breasts and then bends to kiss them. She took my hard nipple into her mouth. Now she bends down and begins to kiss my tummy. Rachael's delicate touches were ticklish. She feels a rising heat in her breasts and her nipples are so hard. She pinches her nipples. I lie down. She continues to move down my body. She opens my legs and begins to kiss my inner thighs.
I am so excited. Rachael continues to kiss up my legs until she reaches her panty-clade mound. In one movement, she removes my panties and throws them to the side. She reached my nearly hairless pussy and kisses around the edge. She nibbles around my folds. Rachael's tongue now runs up and down her labia and finds my hidden bud.
She uses the fingers of her right hand to delicately part her lips, exposing her insides. My clitoris is now there, vulnerable, hidden, waiting to be sucked, waiting for stimulation. Rachael kisses it, takes it between her lips; twirls her tongue around it; sucks it. She then uses the index finger of her other hand to gently massage the hood of my clit, in unison with the stokes of her tongue. Finally, Rachael parts my pussy lips and slips her tongue into my waiting entrance.
"Ahhh," I gasp. "Rachael, that feels so good," as I raised my torso.
My entire body shakes from Rachael's swirling tongue. As she enters me and fucks me with her tongue. As she sticks it inside me as if it were a small cock. I moaned in pleasure.
"Nicola?" Rachael says in between kissing me.
"Mmm?"
"Will you lick me? Will you lick my pussy?" she says now with desire.
"Yes, oh yes," I said.
In a single move, Rachael turns around, puts her leg over my body straddling my face. Her pussy is positioned right on my mouth. It was the most erotic moment of my life. She then started to continue to lick my pussy as I began to explore hers. She forced her pussy down onto my face. She ground her pelvis back and forth over my mouth. This was the first time that I had ever tasted another female. I am so aroused. Intoxicated by her smell and taste. Rachael's body was so soft and smooth against mine. It was the most sensual moment of my life.
Rachael then started to rub back and forth against my mouth with more urgency as I could sense that she was approaching an orgasm. Her body began to shake. All of a sudden I felt my orgasm growing. In a sudden spasm, we orgasmed together. Rachael collapsed on top of me and we stayed like this for what seemed like an eternity.
-------
The emptiness of the singularity.
That night after our lovemaking. After I had experienced the joy and ecstasy that I had never experienced with anyone. That night I realized the fundamental limitation of being in love with Rachael.
I woke up in the middle of the night. We were both naked and still lying close together in bed. The moonlight had entered the room. Just then, I could see her face in the dark. She was crying. I could just see a tear falling from her eye.
"Are you ok?" I whispered.
"Of course, my love. Go back to sleep."
"What's the matter? Is something wrong? Is it me?"
"No, it is nothing. It is silly," she pauses. "Just tears of joy to be in love with you."
I lay my head back on top of her chest. My eyes remained open staring into nothing.
I wanted to believe her, but knew it wasn't true. I sensed that there might be something dark in her past. I sensed a deep pain in her that she was always trying to escape. From that moment, I always wanted to please her. I wanted her to love me. I would do anything for her to love me. But, even though I let her see deep inside me, I realized that her soul would always be opaque. It could never be visible. Not to anybody.
Yes, it was that instant that I would give my entire self to her. I wanted to know her like nobody else. I wanted to be the only person in the world for whom it was possible. That I would be the only one to see her inner soul. I became dependent on this one lie to myself. If I could know intimately Rachael, then she would totally love me. And in turn, maybe, just maybe I could also love myself.
But, this would prove impossible with Rachael. This would prove to be folly. It was due to a fundamental physical limitation of light in the presence of massive objects. Ya' know, the enormous gravity of massive bodies. I realized that you cannot see within a black hole. You cannot see within the naked singularity of a black hole.
And it was there. In the center of a massive black hole, where Rachael's soul resides.
But, I would do all within (and far outside) my power for Rachael to give herself to me. I needed it to be able to love myself. Or so I thought.
I looked out our open window into the sky. There was a star that I had never seen in the night sky. It was pulsating. It was spinning out of control.
---------------------
Chapter 4: The new "gig"
OK, it all started as a joke, just a gag! It was part of our love affair, I thought. It was lost in the euphoria of what was Rachael. I was a massive particle moving close to the speed of light in her orbit. There is nothing that I wouldn't do to remain on that path. Nothing.
"Com'on Nik," Rachael said, "Don't be such a wuss!"
"But Rachael, I don't..." I started before she cut me off.
"It is only this once! And think of the money for only a couple of hours!" Besides, nobody will recognize you and you will be disguised in a wig."
"But," I tried to interject.
"Hey Nicola, it will be fun!" Rachael implore me as she caressed my face as she normally does.
"I don't know, Rachael. I really don't think I could walk around naked in front of people."
Just thinking of it made me nervous. I never was a slut. Even in the summers, I had thought twice about putting on a bikini. Now, my girlfriend was asking me to be naked in front of people.
"But with that body of yours! You have nothing to hide!" she tried to convince me. "All you have to do is take your top off. Nothing else. You will be in a bikini and you take your top off for a moment."
I have to admit the thought was sexy. I was young. The money was incredible. Rachael told me 300 bucks just for 2hours. Just walking down a stage with a bunch of strangers, and 300 bucks. What harm could there be? Right?
"Rachael, what if somebody recognizes me?"
"Who will know you down on the Eastside? Besides, you will wear a wig and makeup. Nobody will ever recognize you! And it will be dark and the guys will be drinking."
"Well..." I said still unconvinced.
"Great, then It is decided! Franny is picking us up in an hour! So get showered and ready!"
--------
A few days earlier: Meeting Franny
The "gig" was something from a new guy she was fucking around with. A guy called Franny. Franny was Rachael's new "friend". He was older than us. Must have been 30 something. He was handsome, had cash, and was a sharp dresser. He was nice too. Or that's what it seemed. At first.
How naive, Nicola! Christ, how naive!
I met him a few days ago. He came to our dorm room with Rachael.
"Hey Nicola," Rachael said as she came into our room with Franny. "This is Franny. He wants to take us out to eat. Ya' up for it?"
I knew that Rachael wasn't all mine. But, holy shit, did it hurt the first time. I had to get used to it. Rachael was not for one person. She existed for the entire population. People like Rachael don't belong to anybody. They are "time-shared". They are passed around. They are used by everyone.
"Sure," I said trying to hide my pain. The dull pain in my stomach from the dizziness.
"Look, Franny bought us some clothing to put on," Rachael said all excited. "The whole deal."
Formal dinner attire. Expensive. High fashion. I never had a dress like this.
While we dressed, Franny said he would wait outside in his car. He told us to take our time and there was no rush.
As he left, a tear escaped from my eye. I could not hide how hurt I felt. I thought that Rachael loved me and me alone.
"Nicola, what's wrong?"
"It's just, .. oh, it's nothing," I tried to brush it off.
"Tell me," she implored. "You are upset about Franny."
I looked at her with water filling my eyes.
"It's, ... oh nevermind. I am silly."
"Nicola, I love you. I am just messing around with him. It is nothing. It is just for a bit of fun. Just for some excitement. You'll see. I love you so much. I am only yours. But, I hope you don't depend on me too much, Nicola. I don't want to hurt you...ever. You mean too much to me. But, you must know, I am very different. I don't know why. I can't help it. I hope you can love me the way I am."
How could she be like this? I didn't know anyone like her. She made me believe her.
"Kiss me," she said.
We kissed. She made me forget.
----
The dress was short, wraps around the neck leaving the arms bare, and was semi-transparent except for glittering shiny patterns strategically placed at private areas. In the front, it was cut low between the breasts, and there was a thigh-high slight slit in the front.
"You like it?" she asked me.
"It's incredible," I said as she handed mine.
"But I want you to do something for me," she said with a mischievous smile. "Promise?"
"What?"
I slipped off my jeans and started to put on the dress.
"Wait, Nicola," she stopped me. Here is what I want you to do for me. I know you will do it for me, Right? You have to take off your bra and panties too. That's the deal for tonight. OK?"
"Are you serious?"
"Yeah, of course. It'll make it sexier and more interesting."
She pulled her bra and panties off and then stepped into the dress. She brought it up and fastened the straps around her neck. Jesus, she wreaked of sex. She had a dress on but looked naked. Completely naked.
"But with this low cut and the cut up the leg, people will see that I am naked underneath," I protested.
"Nobody will know! Com'on I am going that way as well. It will be our little secret."
This was crazy. What a slut I would be not wearing any panties or a bra. With this thin transparent fabric, except for the glittery specs, people would see my pointy nipples and maybe my kitty. The material was light enough that if there was any back-lighting, my entire naked body would be clearly visible. But I have to admit, how exciting it was.
It was the most erotic moment of my life. I didn't want to admit it, but I was so aroused. And I would do whatever Rachael told me. That was about to be tested in a very big way.
------
After a rapid flurry of preparing and and putting on makeup -- girl stuff -- we left the dorm room. Franny was waiting outside. Just as we were about to close our dorm room door, Rachael stopped as if forgetting something. She reached into her small purse.
"Here, this is for you." she handed me what looked like a small egg. "I want you to wear this all night."
"What is it?" I asked naively, but almost suspecting when the words came from my mouth.
"It is a vibrating egg, silly," she said matter-of-factly. "Quickly, we don't have time. Put it in."
"But..", I tried to protest.
"Quickly!" she said impatiently. "Franny is waiting and we have to go!"
With the dorm room door open, anybody could have seen me if they walked by (which was often with so many girls on the floor). But I hiked up the dress a bit and started to rub it along my vagina, gently but quickly trying to push it inside.
"But I don't have panties, Rachael. It could fall out!"
"Well, you will have to insert it well and be careful all night. Right? It will be good practice for your muscles down there."
I had been so aroused with the fact that I hadn't been wearing panties, that I was already wet. The egg slipped in easy enough. Actually, it felt nice. It was so erotic having it inside me as I walked and knowing that it was there.
------
The Ride.
Fanny's limo was parked outside. He was smoking and leaning up against the backdoor's long black limo, waiting for us. Handsome with a 2-day beard. He was dressed in a tweed sports jacket and vest. Dress pants. Total custom Bespoke. Saville row type. Expensive. Swiss gold watch. His body was well built, somewhat on the muscular side. Athletic. He looks like something out of a European fashion magazine. He was checking his phone as we walked out.
The driver was sitting inside. He could just be made out through the tinted windows. A large ugly guy. Fat. No hair. Looked like a real fucking job, I'll tell you. Yeah, I would find out soon enough he was an asshole, alright.
"Rachael, what's with the limo?" I whispered to Rachael as we approached the car.
"Shhh," she whispered back not trying to act as we were talking. "I'll tell you later."
Well turns out, Franny is the owner of East End Casino club. It sounds impressive, I know. But it is more of a nightclub strip joint. In reality, a real fucking dump. Although these things tend to be wrapped up in the same world. Where does all the cash, fancy clothes, nice car, and high lifestyle come from? Is the East End Casino the cash generator? Well, things are not what they seem, are they? You have to get inside. You have to look at the interior of the beast.
It is so easy these days to buy respectability. Isn't it. A wad of cash and they call you "Sir" or "Madam". Even if you are a fucking scumbag. Doesn't matter. It's the wad.
And Franny has lots of wads. Lots!
I will also give you some advice. It is not a good idea to fuck with Franny. People that know better, don't fuck with Franny. The last guy that pissed him off had to have his entire face reconstructed. And even now, the guy looks like a 1950 Chevy with the fucking hood caved in. No doubt about it, Franny was nice to Rachael and me, but we would learn that he has a "slightly" bad temper.
And Franny's got friends. One thing is to know Franny, but you don't want to know his friends. Real "wise-guys". Do you know what I mean? Any joint that has the word "casino" over its door provides some clues about what and who is involved. What can I tell you? That's the way it is down here on the Eastside.
Holy shit Nicola, how naive you are! But what choice did I have? I was on Rachael's event horizon.
-----
We sat in the backseat. Rachael was sitting in the middle.
It was already dark so I couldn't see much. Franny started to make out with Rachael. He touched her tits and, since under the dress she was nude, he pulled it off so that her sexy tits were exposed. As he kissed her, Rachael reached over me and grabbed my hand, and squeezed it, as a private signal. He felt her up and devoured her mouth in a sloppy kiss.
At the same time, with her free hand, she found her purse and slipped her hand in. I didn't know what she was doing. Immediately, I felt a shock from the egg buried in my pussy as it came to life vibrating like crazy. I was so surprised that I jumped before I knew what was happening. After getting over my initial shock, I couldn't believe how good it felt. While Rachael and Franny were making out, I was getting the buzz of my life.
I heard Franny.
"Com' here, Rach," he commanded her, as he opened up his legs.
Rachael obeyed his command and bent down into Franny's lap. She undid his zipper and released his cock. Even in the dark, I could see that Franny's cock was at least 9 or 10 inches. It was huge. She started to kiss the tip of his manhood. From my vantage point, I couldn't see the details, but her head started to bob up and down. She was giving him a blow job. I couldn't believe it. Here I was with a vibrator buzzing in my pussy and watching my girlfriend give this guy that I just met a blowjob.
"That's it baby, take it like that," he said.
I could see him pushing her head down and I heard her efforts of trying to take more into her mouth. He wanted her to deep throat him. He then uses both hands to force her head down, invading her throat with his monster cock.
Even with my shock that this was happening right next to me with my girlfriend, I couldn't deny that I was turned on. Between the thought of this raw sex and the vibrator buzzing away inside me, I wanted to cum. In the dark, I started to rub my pussy. The feeling was incredible. Listening to them moaning. The dark backseat of the car. The movement. The buzzing of the vibrator. My engorged clit. My wet pussy. I touched my breasts. I needed to cum.
I closed my eyes, rubbing my clit and wet entrance as I listened to Rachael slurping and struggling as he stuffed his entire cock down her throat. I must have also started to moan without realizing it. I became more and more lost in my own thoughts. I was concentrated on my clit. I wanted to cum and I was so close.
As I was on the verge of an orgasm, I opened my eyes and looked towards the front seats. I could see Curly looking at me through his rear-view mirror. He had a clear view of my hand rubbing my bare pantiless pussy with my dress hiked up to my waist. Since my legs were spread out, he must have had a perfect view of my open moist pussy.
At that moment, it didn't matter. I needed to cum. That was all that was on my mind. All of a sudden, I heard Franny begin to moan. I knew he was on the verge of cumming in Rachael's mouth. I imagined his cock penetrating me. I imagined it pumping me like a piston with all his strength. Of him bending me over and taking me from behind. My imagination was so vivid. He slapped my ass. He started to pull my hair back and grab my small tits. He warned me that he would blow his load inside me. "Please cum inside me," I would say in my dreamlike state. I wanted to cum with him at the same time.
Then, he let out a low grown. A the same moment, my orgasm overtook me like an earthquake and I began to shake. The vibrator inside me continued and to buzz with its maximum setting. Now, I was so sensitive inside me. I wanted it to stop but also wanted it to continue. But, I was helpless and couldn't turn it off. It was torture. My orgasms coincided with Franny cumming in Rachael's mouth. In my imagination, he had cum deep inside my pussy.
As I was still shaking from my orgasm, Rachael turned and kissed me. She opened her mouth and she pushed his cum into my mouth and began to twirl it around with my tongue. I hadn't expected that, but I have to admit that it was so fucking hot.
After kissing Rachael and taking a mouthful of Franny's cum, I opened my eyes and could see Curly's disgusting grin looking at me in the rear-view mirror. Maybe I may have been a horny slut, but he felt that he was a real scumbag.
-----
When we finally arrived at our destination, the driver named Curly came opened our door. As I was leaving, Curly touches my ass. All of a sudden, he grabbed my arm and held me in place. He knew I didn't have panties. His force was incredible. I tried to escape his grip. He was hurting me, but didn't seem to care. He slipped his hand between my legs, and let out a disgusting laugh. Franny and Rachael were already far ahead of us, so there was nobody to help me.
"Ya' like that, don't you baby," he said.
"Let me go," I protested.
With his enormous hand, he pushed one of his thick fingers into my pussy. Even though my pussy was wet, his finger was so thick that it didn't just slip in. He forced it with considerable force. I felt so humiliated.
"Wat a nice piece of pussy," he said between his nasty grin. "And so tight. We're gonna have fun some day."
I was able to slip out of his grip and walked fast to catch up with Rachael and Franny. I hated Curly.
As I walked away, I heard his derogatory sly remark, calling me a fucking slut. What an asshole.
-----
Chapter 5: The Skyline Restaurant and the main dishes
After the sex in the backseat of the car, we ended at the ritziest place uptown. The Skyline. A French restaurant on the 64th floor, on top of the Piedmont on 65th and 2nd. A real class act. And expensive. Very expensive.
"Good evening, Mr. Pryce," said the maître d'hôtel. "Will it be the same table as always?"
"Yeah, the same as always, Jacques"
"Very good sir. This way."
We followed Jacques to the table by the window, crossing the large dining room. There were many tables. The clientele were people with money. All were dressed in formal dinner dress. The sound of light jazz music was in the background with the clinging of an ensemble of silverware, expensive china, and Bohemian crystal.
Given the way Rachael and I were dressed, semi-naked, the walk to the table was like a long swanky catwalk. Respectable men (and women) turned their gaze towards us, making a monumental effort to make it seem as if it were part of a random casual movement and not one of pure intention.
But holy shit, could you blame them? We were two young skinny girls, dressed in semi-transparent dresses with nothing underneath. With the back-lighting, our naked bodies must have been visible. Our private parts were covered only by small ornamental patterns of the short and tightly fitted dinner dresses.
But it was Rachael that stole the attention of even the most devout husband (or wife).
What can I tell you? We are all animals still. Despite such respectability. We still swing from trees. Still water at the mouth when in heat. Still ready to fuck (or get fucked) by anything and everything new and young.
----
We sat at the square table. Franny raised his finger. The sommelier dutifully appeared, wearing white gloves, dressed in a white tuxedo suit, differentiating him from the other waiters.
"Monsieur," interjected the sommelier with a distinctly French accent. "Shall I bring wine?"
"A bottle of Dom Perignon Reserve de L'Abbaye, '92"
"Excellent choice, Sir. Very good," he responded with great deference. "Right away."
----
I had never been to such a place. I had no idea about Champagne. But, I guess it impressed me. Yeah, it was all so fucking impressive at the time. Not now. Definitely not now! But, I remember thinking how silly this whole "sex-game" was. The actions. The reactions. The display of feathers, like a peacock. Nicola, maybe if I thought a little more, then you wouldn't have been so impressed. Maybe I would have felt nauseous instead. You'll see why. Trust me.
Who can spend 2500 bucks on a bottle of Champagne? Easy. Someone for whom it was easy to earn. Jesus, would you just look at Franny! Holy shit, what a class act! Yeah, well, let's just say that he didn't get all this money by being a neurosurgeon or by being an altar boy.
----
At this moment another man arrived. He was older than Franny. He introduced himself as Kingsley Marrow. He was tall with a greying beard. Late 50s. Well dressed. English accent. Rich. Very Rich. Sporting a gold 24k Patek-Philippe. Diamond cufflinks. Large gold ring. Black Testoni alligator Italian shoes. Savile Rowe suit and scarf in the front pocket. The guy was a class act. But, his face scared me. While refined, he had the look of a wild animal. Eyes of a monster. This man had killed other men in his life. I'm sure of it. He made me shiver.
What the fuck were we doing here with these guys? What was this guy doing with Franny? Well, I would learn pretty soon. Girls. Plain and simple. Franny was "procuring" the guy with young girls.
Young girls like us. Or sometimes much younger, if you know what I mean. Yeah, exactly. Real fucking scumbags. But dangerous and very rich.
If you have lots of cash, you have a license to be dangerous. They often go hand in hand.
As the men talked and mostly ignored us, Rachael and I sat and listened. Occasionally the conversation would include us, but when it did it was a sexual comment. Although most were in cryptic language and they didn't make any effort to include us. We were there to look good.
Why was Rachael with these guys? I mean, yeah they had money. But there was something more behind this. Something was in her plan. I didn't know what it was.
But the "information" was there. It was staring me in the fucking face.
-----
After three glasses and the second bottle of the "Dom Perignon Reserve", even the boring conversation was more palatable. I was sitting across from Rachael during the whole meal, and we had been exchanging small talk about the different people in the restaurant, quite in parallel and independent of the men's conversation.
At one point, Rachael reached for her purse. She slipped her hand into it. I suddenly received a sharp surge from the vibrator still lodged deep in my pussy. During the meal, I had completely forgotten about the vibrator.
Now, the egg maintained a steady hum, as she looked at me with a mischievous grin. She loved the power she had over me. She loved the fact that I couldn't do anything about it, and that I was sitting right next to Kingsley with this thing buzzing inside me. The egg had an automated program that changed types of vibrations. Sometimes it would pulsate, sometimes it would simply hum, and then at a random moment, it would give a sharp vibration that would make me almost jump out of my chair.
Rachael made small talk with me while the vibrator was working inside me. She could tell from my facial expression that I wanted so much to cum. She was making love to me through this vibrator. It was our little secret.
Since I wasn't wearing panties, I could feel my pussy leaking. But with the glasses of Champagne, I was a bit giddy and didn't care that I was creating a large wet spot on my seat.
As they are sitting at the table, The vibrator turns on just as I was about to order. I nearly couldn't speak. It then turned off long enough that I could blurt out the menu item.
The men didn't suspect anything. I think.
Rachael reached into her purse again. Immediately, the vibrator jumped to life, but this time with a far more intense level. I nearly fell out of my chair until I became used to it. The automated program would have intermittent bursts and then long periods turned off. With the background music and sounds in the restaurant, it was impossible to hear. Although it was quite silent anyway.
Between plates, Rachael made a motion to me with eyes to get up and follow her.
"If you would excuse me, I need to powder my nose," Rachael said.
She then looked at me. The vibrator was going at full blast.
"Nicola, would you like to accompany me?" as she grinned.
We excused ourselves from the table and walked to the women's room. I could barely keep my composure.
Once we were inside the bathroom, she grabbed me and began to kiss me with incredible urgency. Just then, an older woman walked in. We continued to kiss as if nobody was there. Rachael was feeling my breasts and had pulled up my dress so that my naked behind was exposed. I was so turned on that I didn't take any notice of the woman. She shook her head in disgust and left quickly.
As the woman left apparently very flustered, we giggled to each other between kisses.
"Com'on, let's go into one of the stalls," Rachael says taking my arm as we enter.
She closes the door.
"Take off your dress," she tells me. "I want to feel you against me. I want to kiss you down there."
"Here? But if someone comes in again?"
She then rips off her dress. Then she begins to help me with mine, removing any reservations that I may have had. We are now both naked. We hug. Our naked bodies meet and she hugs me. I love the feeling of her breasts pushed against mine. It is the most erotic thing in the world. Her body is so soft against mine. Our nipples rub together. A tingle runs down my body. We kiss passionately. She feels my breasts and then moves her hand between my legs to my moist kitty. She rubs it back and forth. Just at that moment, the vibrator started to work again.
"OMG, You are so beautiful, Nicola," she whispers in my ear. "Tell me what you want."
"Rachael, .... please,"
"Tell me. Please what? Say it, Nicola"
"Please lick me,"
"Where? Where do you want to lick you, Nicola?"
I am lost. It is hard for me to say it. I don't know why. But Rachael is breaking down all my shame. All my reservations.
"My pussy. I want you to lick my pussy."
"Ok, but only for a moment, and then you will do me."
----
Rachael squatted down and started to lick my pussy as the egg continued to buzz furiously deep inside me. I was so aroused that a steady stream of my juice was running down my leg.
"Oh, look at my poor little Nicola," Rachael teased me.
She ran her finger over my moist folds and started to rub it back and forth over my clitoris. I was lost in her touch. I wanted to cum. I was going out of my mind. My pelvis moved involuntarily against her mouth.
"Oh, Nicola wants to cum," she continued to taunt me. "She is so frustrated isn't she? My poor little Nicola".
Then, she stopped. She stood up and with my pussy juice covering her mouth, she kissed me passionately.
"Now it's my turn?" she gestured pushing me down to a squatting position.
I started to lick her. As always, her pussy tasted so sweet. I was in heaven and was so aroused. In this squatting position, I felt my pussy completely open. With my free hand, I started to rub my own body. Touching my breasts. My erect sensitive nipples. The vibrations inside me. I continued to lick her. My finger explored her wet entrance as I licked her clit. At the same time, I rubbed my pussy. My finger entered my hole, bathed in slippery juice. I rubbed my clit. The egg continued to vibrate in my vagina. I was so aroused. I would cum at any moment.
Rachael must have been very close to cumming because she started to moan. All of a sudden, she began to shake and shudder with a massive orgasm. As she continued to firmly hold my head in place between her legs, her tremor continued from the aftershocks. She pushed my mouth with more pressure on her mound, increasing the pressure as she was grinding her clitoris against my mouth. At that moment, I felt my own orgasm shake me as never before in my life. It was as if I just had two orgasms at the same time, one from my sensitive clitoris and the other that swelled from deep inside me. I did all I could to not collapse on the floor of the bathroom next to the toilet.
-----
So that was my first meeting with Franny. At the time, I wasn't sure what the whole thing was about. I wasn't sure what Kingsley was doing there and why he was with Franny.
Holy fucking shit, Nicola. How naive!
Franny made "some" money as a small-time casino operator. But his "real" business was something else entirely. It was a business that attracted the truly wealthy. He was in the business of procuring young high-class girls (sometimes too much so; yeah, you got it; think pizzagate). Ya' know high-class chicks. And, at that moment, we were the goods. For rich clients like Kingsley. We were there because Kingsley was checking out his purchase beforehand. He wanted to know the pedigree of his sluts. He needed to see the meat that he would fuck and dominate before taking them to his lair. And there we were. And Kingsley was patient. Very patient.
The information was there. Now, it is on Rachael's event horizon. Now the "information" is scattered in tiny bits -- in ones and zeros -- on the farthest extremes of Rachael's black hole. And we were there. Selling our souls for a few drinks of $2500 Dom Perignon Reserve Champagne.
We were the bait. We were the juicy enticing bait for Franny's "core business". Girls. Young sexy girls. Ready, willing, and refined. Oh yes, not your regular trash on the street. Franny's products were good looking, fresh-looking virgens, and educated. His clients didn't want street trash. Not for the amount of money he would be charging. Not for what these types of "trix" would cost.
And it was just the beginning. The cogs were being pulled into place. This was a harbinger.
Did Rachael know? Yeah, of course, she did. That was the whole point! She was in it for the thrill. She was in it to play Russian roulette. The loaded revolver with 2 bullets. Tempting Danger. Daring danger to show his face.
Fucking guys like Franny was dangerous. Fucking guys like Kingsley? Well, that was playing with death itself. Was it because life just doesn't produce the spark anymore? Because she needed the adrenaline? Maybe it is what got Rachael up in the morning. My love was not enough. Rachael needed to cruise at 250km/hr. She needed the thrill, the danger, and the recklessness.
Or maybe, she was looking for the danger to remove the deep self-blame she feels inside. In the dark recesses of her mind. A way to remove her personal responsibility. Was it a way to leave it all to chance? A way to leave it to fate.
And me? Why bring me into all of this? Well, she did love me. A lot. But, I was the sidekick. I would document it all. I would be her chronologist. I would be able to interpret the "information". I would be able to piece together the ones and zeros on her event horizon.
But, I fell so much in love with her. For that, I couldn't see. I couldn't see the quantized information. That would become all too apparent very soon. Yes, very soon, indeed.
ACT 2 -- The Suspects
Chapter 6: First night at East End Casino.
So, here I was waiting with Rachael. Prepared to become a stripper for the first time. Prepared to show my naked body to a bunch of people. Prepared to be the bait. Waiting for the car, Franny's limo, to arrive and bring us to the East End Casino Club. Waiting for that fat fucking asshole Curly, Franny's driver -- the guy that stuck his fat fucking finger into my pussy a few days previously.
Yeah, just waiting. For whatever was necessary. Anything.
Anything to remain in orbit. In Rachael's orbit.
----
We arrived at the entrance to Franny's joint. Curly brought us there. I had expected Franny, but he already played his role. Now it's our turn. With us, he has his bait to throw out there to entice the fish.
And, with us, but especially Rachael, he is looking for big fish. Big fish, indeed. Ones with lots of wads and ability to attract more.
----
The club
The club entrance looks like an old movie theatre. A billboard advertises the star singer for the night. At the entrance, a beautiful scantily-clad girl is standing behind a high desk. This place charges cash to get in. Real cash. Also, clients need to be dressed. Even scumbags need to be dressed in a white shirt, tie, and formal jacket. Franny doesn't fuck around. He wants it to look minimally respectable.
The woman also needs to be dressed, but as I would find out, it was preferable if they were not dressed at all. For us chicks, naked was the best attire at Franny's casino club.
Beside her, two bodyguards. Bald. No neck. Huge noses. Dark glasses at night. Ugly as fuck. They looked like overstuffed douchebags. Faces distorted from their muscle-headed steroid addiction.
We entered with Curly. He is in the middle. He escorts us by grabbing each of us, Rachael and me, by one of our arms. His grip hurts. We are like pieces of meat. He doesn't care. What a fucking jerk. As we passed, Curly nods with a cool salute, the agreed-upon protocol between this class of guys. We walk by them.
"Hey Curly, whutz up?" one of the bodyguards said.
"Nut'n, Jonny. Hows it goi'n yu guyz?" Curly responds. "Just hea' wit a couple of Franny's new broads. Ya' know, couple of young fuck'n college chicks he met uptown."
"Ya, man! I waz saying ta Slim here! Coupl'a good piezes of ass wit Curly," said Jonny grinning, if you could call it that (what an ugly son-of-a-bitch!).
What a couple of assholes. But, I wasn't about to speak up. That's for sure. Curly was bad enough, but Jonny and Slim looked like they could break someone's head off with their fucking thumbs. No, I'll just let their misogynistic conversation fly without my commentary. But Christ, Nicola! What did you freaking expect? You are about to be one of the nude dancers here at a fucking strip joint.
To the left is the casino, to the right is the nightclub that doubles as a strip club but also features live music. It is called the "Cairo Room". It has a motif of Egypt in the 20s or 30s just before the Big War (maybe foreshadowing for something on our immediate horizon? Sure seems like a similar atmosphere is brewing). Kinda like something out of a Bogard film. Maybe that was the idea. Something like Casablanca.
We passed by the door to enter the casino salon. It was filled with people. It has slot machines, roulette tables, poker, dice, and probably lots more. It looked like the entire Las Vegas crammed into one room. And money. Shit, can you imagine the money?
----
The "Cairo Room" is dark, except for the small lamps on each table and the lighting on the stage. The place is filled with cigarette smoke. A fleet of topless, panti-clad, 20-something, bunny-eared waitresses are running around to tables, carrying trays of cocktails. Each one of them looks like something out of a Cosmo magazine. Where the fuck did Franny get these hot girls.
There are at least 100 people in the nightclub. There some enter and leave going to the casino. There are round tables scattered throughout. No doubt, there were a lot of "wise-guys", politicians, and judges here in the joint. You know, friends of Franny. Anyone that can influence or be influenced. That was the point. And money. Lots of money. But I had no clue about this back then.
There is a jazz band playing (piano, upright bass, drums, singer, and a trumpet player). A sexy 50-something dark-skinned woman is singing. Her voice is brilliant. Angelic. The background jazz piano and bass have the contours of Bill's Vanguard sessions back in 1961 on the other side of town. Large, altered chords. Flatted and augmented 9ths, 13ths with flatted 5ths, augmented-11ths. All "modal". Like the sessions with Miles. When it was all "Kind of Blue". Well, I don't know, since I never saw them first-hand. I'm, way too young. But, it makes me remember my Dad. And it makes me blue. Very, "blue", indeed.
Below the sound of the music is a constant hum of talking, laughing, and glasses. It is as if life goes on independently of the music. Rumbling, reverberating, eeking out an existence despite the music.
-----
We are brought to the back of the stage. It is a whole different-looking part of the joint. The walls are painted black (like many backstages). Inside there is lots of commotion of semi-naked girls; the strippers. Curly brings us to a middle-aged woman.
"Hey Jenny, her'a sum'a da new chicks of Franny," he says to the woman. "Ya gotta put them in the show tonight."
Jenny looks at us from bottom to top and then makes a face of resignation but with disapproval as if it were our fault.
"How old are you both?" Jenny asks.
"We're 19," responded Rachael.
"Christ, each day they get younger. These are two kids," she says turning back at Curly as if reprimanding him.
"Hey, whadda ya fuck'n want! Jus doi'n my jab!," Curly says pissed off and turning to leave.
"Alright, alright," Jenny says turning and grabbing us to move us with her. "Tell Franny I need to talk to him, sometime."
Jenny explains the wrap to us as if she had done this a hundred times. It is like a person that works at an old motel showing us the sleazy room for the night. Bored. Uninterested. Resigned to her life in this job. She doesn't make many previsions for us even though we are new to this. Just very matter-of-fact and to the point.
She seems fed-up. Defeated. No, in reality, Jenny looks life someone that has been run over by a fucking bus. Her mid-40s has been time dilated (big time!) so that she looks like a 60 year old bitch. Her hips aren't what they used to be. Too much liquer. Too much fast food. Large. Overweight. Bags under her eyes. Straggly hair that is at once blond from former years, but invaded by glum middle-age. Nobody would want to fuck Jenny. Her time was long past. And she knew it.
We represented all that she once was, but that time has long erased. She hated us for that. No, we were her enemies. She would take it out on us.
She gives us a locker and tells us to get ready. That's it.
"The naked show doesn't start until later," she said. "But you don't have much time. You can get ready over there. There are wigs and makeup. You have an hour."
"But, can I wear a bottom, you know, panties?" I asked Jenny.
She just looks at me with a blank expression.
"Look sweety," she answered without patience. "Here in this joint, the girls go totally naked. Got it. And later, the men get to touch you anywhere or do whatever they want by tipping. They can even fuck you if they pay enough. And Franny expects it. All the tips are for the joint. You get a small cut. And if you don't produce, you're outta here. Got it? That's the deal! OK? Take it or leave it."
I look at Rachael. It wasn't exactly how she told me. It was a full naked show. Not a stitch of clothing. And the thing about the men being able to touch us completely blew my mind. I thought it was just being semi-nude and walking around, but this was completely different.
-----
We go to the area of the dressing room where the stripper girls can prepare. There are several tables with mirrors. We shared one. On the table, there was all type of makeup. Hanging on the wall are several wigs. Wigs of all different syles and colors. Short, long, red, brown, black. These would completely change someone's appearance.
Rachael picks out a wig for herself.
"Look Nicola, I think I will go as a red-head," she says bubbly, not seemingly nervous at all. "Here, you try this one."
She hands me a short black wig. I put it on and look in the mirror.
"Wow, you are so cute with that. It is you!" she says.
I have to admit, it didn't look like me at all and I kinda liked it. So that was decided. I would go with black hair.
"Com'on, let's get out of these clothes," she said anxiously as if looking forward to starting her new job.
She rapidly pulled her jeans off and top. Without hesitation, she pulled off her panties and bra. She then grabbed a thin robe that was on a hanger and put it over her body. She seemed so excited and eager to start.
"Nicola, com'on, it's your turn."
I was so self-conscious. How stupid. Nobody would have even looked at me back there. In fact they expected me to be naked.
-----
The stage has a long catwalk where the girls dance. It juts out into the nightclub so that any table is close to the "models". The tables are so close, it seems that the clients can touch us.
We went out on the stage. It is elevated by about a meter. Every table has a clear view. The room is dark except for the spotlights on us, the nude girls. The music marks a hypnotic rhythm. I watch the more experienced girls move erotically to the beat. I follow their lead.
The spotlights are blinding and make it difficult from on-stage to discern faces in the crowd. Between the smoke, the spotlights, the music, the rumble of talking, and cheering, it feels surreal and dream-like. It feels like an out-of-body experience. I don't feel that it is me there. I move my naked body to the beat. I try to become lost in my world. As I lose my shame for being naked, more and more I expose myself with gymnastic-like movements.
I look over to Rachael. She is a natural. A large group of men have come close to the stage and are throwing money at her. She bends down with her legs open only centimeters from their faces. She touches her breasts erotically. She runs her fingers along the outside of her pussy. All in front of their faces. It was like she was born for this.
Maybe this was the source of her extreme gravity. She attracted. Like a million suns.
What was it about Rachael that everybody wanted? Why was she so willing to let them take from her? They were all on a collision course. Inside her accretion disk.
The second act
We were talking to one of the girls between acts. She wasn't very nice to us. She was older and jaded. I think she was annoyed and envious that we would be moving in on her territory.
"Look sister, this is no normal strip club," she said. "You'll see. Eventually! Here, the guys can do what they want if they pay. And, sex can be done in the open. Franny expects it. I'll let you in on something. Don't get Franny angry. Got it! And listen sister, don't move on my clients. OK?"
Rachael seemed to not be affected very much. I, on the other hand, was terrified. But Rachael put her arm around my waist and pulled me close to her. She was saying that she was there and that I should do this for her. And, I wasn't about to leave her.
----
"OK, time to get out there," Jenny says to us. "And interact more with the clients."
We took off our robes and were completely naked.
"Don't forget, they are allowed to touch you. Depending on how much they tip, they can touch you wherever. Understand? They know how much it costs. Don't hold back, or Franny will get angry! And believe me, you don't want Franny angry."
We had ankle and leg garter belts so that the people in the audience could tip us, by sticking bills into them. From all the talk of how the clients in the bar could do whatever they wanted with us, I was even more nervous now than before. As I walked out onto the stage and looked out into the bar, I could see that there were fewer people (mostly men) n the audience. We later learn that it is because this is a "select group" that pays more.
I started to dance. From where I was dancing, a small group of guys came close to me where I was on the stage. Each was holding bills and waving them to me. Over the music, I couldn't hear what they were saying, but they were coaxing me on. They were standing at the stage edge. I came close to them
One guy stuck 20 bucks into my garter belt.
"You are so sexy," the guy screamed to me.
I kneeled and he touched my body. I let him touch my small tits. He seemed nice and even thanked me. He told me that I was beautiful. Another guy gave me 50 bucks. I knelt and put my arms over his head. He hugged me and then started to touch my body. His hand moved down my tummy and then between my legs. I wasn't sure if I wanted him to touch me there, but in the end, I let him. He was gentle and only rubbed me once or twice.
I looked over at the other girls. I had no idea what we were supposed to do other than dance. Then I saw that they were no longer confined to the stage. They walked amongst the tables. I saw that at each table guys were handing them bills. Many of them would hand them a bill and then the girls would then lap dance on top of them, or maybe just dance in front of them.
Then I saw Rachael. She was with a group of men. There must have been at least 8 of them. Every one of them was touching her. They passed her from one to the other. She would sit on their laps naked and kiss them. The guys were going crazy with Rachael. She did more than any other girl was willing to. She kissed them as she danced on their laps. They kissed her tits and touched her whole body.
A few minutes later, I saw that she was lying on one of the tables. There were lots of guys all around her. I really couldn't see from where I was what was happening. I thought I saw her legs spread. I could only imagine. Some of the guys were between her legs, while there were other guys near her head. I know they must have had their cocks out while she gave blowjobs and took some of them between her legs. Here she was with a room full of people getting a gang bang.
I wanted to see what was going on. I was so distressed. But then I had clients that were grabbing me. I sat on top of one guy. He was really cute. He put a 100 dollar bill in my garter belt. But, after watching all these guys gang banging my girlfriend, I couldn't think of anything else. I made an enormous effort to let him touch me and act aroused by him. The truth was I wanted to run out of there and go home.
After several hours, the night finally ended. I lost track of how many guys had touched me and kissed me all over my body. Especially between my legs. I let guys lick me there, insert their fingers, and rub my clitoris. I was like a rag doll that has been explored all over and in every orifice.
After the show, I looked all over for Rachael. Since I couldn't find her, I went to the dressing room and started to dress. Finally, she returned. She looked like she had been handled by a mob.
"Hey, Rachael, where have you been? Are you ok?" I asked.
"Hi . Yeah, I'm fine. Uff, it was a wild night," was all she could say.
It was late. I was confused. As we removed our makeup and wig, we didn't talk. We dressed and left the club. I just wanted to get back home and crawl into bed.
Chapter 7: A new life
We took a taxi back to our dorm. Pakistani taxi driver. Nice guy, but quiet. He had his music that was quite exotic but pleasant. It was dark and we were sitting in the back seat and Rachael started to touch me underneath my coat.
From the entire night of being naked, I had been for the most part humiliated. But, at least it's over. We did it, and I went along with Rachael. I was glad to make her happy and go along with it. But, I had hoped that we wouldn't repeat the experience soon.
Rachael, however, was ecstatic. It was like she was on a high. Now, in the back seat, she was turning me on. She put her hand under my coat and reached between my legs.
-----
When we walked into our dorm room and closed the door, Rachael grabbed me and kissed me passionately. As if she couldn't wait one second more. She held my face in the palms of her hand as her tongue explored my tongue. She then began to remove my coat.
"Nicola, I need you now," she said as she continued to kiss me. She urged, "Make love to me."
She began to remove her clothing. She rapidly slipped off her dress, dropped her panties, and removed her bra. Since I had been slower, she started to undo my clothing as well.
We were completely naked. Her hand slipped down to my breasts and she rubbed my nipples. Then, she ran her hand down between my legs. I was already so wet. After so much sexual activity, I don't know how I was still aroused.
She then dropped to her knees in front of me. She put her hands on my hips and pushed me close to her so that my pussy was next to her mouth. Her tongue found my wetness. With her finger, she exposed my clitoris and began to flick it back and forth, first with her finger, and then she replaced it with her tongue.
I was on the point of orgasm when she stopped.
"Kneel, my love," she said, as she pushed down gently on my shoulder.
I followed her instructions. With my scent and liquid on her lips, she kissed me on the mouth, sharing my fluid and aroma.
"Wait here," she whispered. "Don't move."
Then, she stood up and went to her dresser to fetch something. She returned with two long ties. While I was still kneeling, she used one of them to cover my eyes. With the other tie, she fastened my hands together behind my back.
"There," she said satisfied. "Now you are my little slave. You have to obey me," she said playfully and mischievously. "Ok?"
"Oh, Rachael," I said wanting to reach orgasm. "Please make me cum."
"Ahh, no my little love. Now you must obey me. Stick your tongue out."
I did as she said. Her erotic game had made me crazy with arousal. She grabbed the back of my head and pushed me towards her. I then felt her pussy on my mouth. She used her hands to push my head back and forth along her womanhood.
-----
"Do you want me to lick you?"
"Yes."
"OK, I will let you cum, my little slave Nicola. But you have to make a promise. Will you?"
"Yes, anything," I answered in a sexual trance, without thinking of the consequences.
"Will you go back to the club tomorrow night with me? Will you promise?"
"Rachael, but...I"
"Do you promise? Please tell me you will. Please don't say no. I don't want to go alone."
As she says this she rubs her body along my mouth. She bends down and pushes her nipple along my lips. She is driving me crazy with desire. I can't take it.
"OK," I agreed just to be able to continue with our lovemaking.
"Good. And if it goes well, maybe we will continue some other nights. But you have been so good, that now Nicola needs a little attention down there."
I didn't know what I had just signed up for. But I was so aroused that I could only think about making love to her. She pushed me down gently so that I was lying on the floor. I was still blindfolded. I didn't know what she was doing. But then, I felt her tongue on my pussy.
After several minutes, I had the orgasm of my life.
We then went to bed and slept the entire night in each other's arms.
-----
Becoming routine.
So, the second night converted into the next and so on. Before I knew it, we were returning to the East End Casino club nearly every night during that week. It was becoming routine. After a few nights, I didn't feel so humiliated. The tips were good, and the money was easy. Also, for the most part, the guys only tipped me enough so that I had to give them a close flash. Or they touched me, or I would lap dance on them. But nothing more than that. At least at first. That would soon change!
Rachael was another story. All the guys paid her tons of money so that they could do whatever they wanted with her. They were fucking her right there inthe bar. Normally gang bangs. But even with that, I think they wanted more. She would soon give the good clients a lot more. She hadn't been ready just yet.
Chapter 8: Starting doing trix:
On Thursday, we had just finished the first act. Backstage, I looked for Rachael to have a coke or something as we normally do. But I couldn't find her.
"Did you see Rachael?" I asked Jenny.
"No," she said in a snarly manner. "I'm not here to watch who you girls fuck."
I searched around backstage, but I couldn't find her. As I was about to go back to the dressing area, I saw her coming out of one of the private rooms with two guys.
I know it was silly, but I felt sudden dizziness as the blood drained from my head. Why am I so silly, Nicola? We are here at a strip joint with guys able to touch us. What do you expect, Nicola? Stupid. Yes, but I was still dependent on Rachael. Still dependent on her to love me.
"Hey, Nicola," she greeted me as if nothing had been amiss. "Wann'a grab a coke?"
"Sure," I responded, putting on the act.
We were in a strip joint. But I was still thinking this was something between her and me. No, Nicola, this was only about Rachael. You were here because you needed Rachael. You needed her for your insecurities. Nicola, you need her because you want to be independent, sexy, desirable, and all that Rachael seems to be. Yeah, I even knew that. Better than anyone.
What I didn't really know was what was the information about Rachael. It was all too profound. I could not see inside the black hole.
----
Repeating the trix.
From that Thursday, Rachael would always disappear for a while after the first act. We didn't talk about what she was doing. Of course, I could imagine.
Saturday was late. The second act. I could see that the guys were all over Rachael. She was naked on the table and they were all touching her. There must have been about 5 or 6 guys. But, I could not continue to watch her. The guys that I was with had tipped me to be with them. They only tipped me enough to touch me up a bit. They were gentle; one was mid-40ish another was a bit older. I sat on their laps and they treated me very nice.
At one point I looked over and still saw Rachael. Some of the guys were kissing her all over her body. There was one guy between her legs. Another guy was kissing her mouth.
I had been so involved with my "clients" that I couldn't continue watching her. When I looked over again, I couldn't see her. I wasn't sure if she was still in the crowd, because it was so dark and there was another table with other men. I didn't see her again until the end of the night.
The second act finished very late. Rachael said that we could stay upstairs in a small apartment above the casino just for the night. Jenny had told her that the room was prepared for them. Franny offered it to us. Not too many of the other chicks get an apartment. I could tell that Jenny and the other girls were not at all happy.
Here we were, new to the place, and getting a lot more tips; but mostly Rachael. The men threw money at her and all the rest of the girls were almost ignored. In fact, after the second act, the previous night, I saw a bunch of the girls talking and then looking at Rachael. They had hate in their eyes. Now with the apartment, I can't imagine what they would think.
I started to worry about that. One mentioned she would like to eliminate Rachael.
The apartment was clean. It was also newly furnished. When we finally went upstairs it was probably 4 in the morning. Normally when we got back from the club, we take a shower. But we were so tired, that we just crashed into bed together. Even though I was tired, I started to kiss Rachael. More than for the sex, I wanted to have her just for me.
I started to kiss Rachael's body and moved down to lick her. She tells me she is not clean "from sweating". I go down on her. I see that her pussy is filled with cum. There is a small stream of cum that is leaking out of her. But I am so turned on that I eat her out anyway.
-----
The next night, we decided to stay in the apartment again. Time went by. Days turned to weeks, and weeks turned into a couple of months. We were at the club so much, we never returned to the dorm, except to get our clothing and stuff. Between dancing late night and arriving home so late, often at 3 or 4 in the morning, we dropped out of college and the English Lit classes altogether.
Nicola does her first trix with Rachael.
We had been working at the casino club for more than two months. We were now basically living at the apartment above the casino. It was a Friday afternoon and I was in the apartment resting before what was sure to be a busy night of stripping and men feeling me up.
Rachael had been out all afternoon. She said she would just step out, but had been gone several hours. She had just come home to the apartment.
"Hey Nicola," she said as she walked in the door.
"Hey, Rachael. I was a bit worried."
"Oh, sorry. I was out running some errands and a bit of shopping and lost track of the time," somewhat off-handed. "How about you?"
"Not much. Just watching a bit of TV."
Rachael comes over and sits on the couch and kisses me on the cheek. She was trying to smooth things over. She then kisses me on the mouth.
"Listen, Franny told me that a special client is interested in being with us."
"With us? You mean with you?"
"No, this client specifically wants the two of us. It's Kingsley, the guy that we went to dinner with. I guess he likes you a lot."
"Me?"
"Yeah, you silly. Nicola, you are a lot hotter than you give yourself credit," she said. "Anway, we will be picked up at 8:30."
"No show tonight?"
"No, the show will be in private."
"Oh, I don't know Rachael. This sounds scary. One thing is doing this in front of people and with the bodyguards protecting us, but this. Anything could happen!"
"Don't be silly. He is a gentleman. Besides, Franny says it will be ok. He insisted. Anyway, we have to be ready at 8:30. And here, I have some clothing that you have to wear."
She handed me a dress. Just like the last time, the dress looked very expensive and revealing.
"And oh, no panties or bra."
--------
Chapter 9: Suspect number 1
A dark green Jaguar was waiting for us outside the Casino club. As we walked out, the driver opened the back door. When he closed the door, we realized that it was impossible to see out the windows. The back seats were also sealed off to the view of the front. Since we were also not allowed to bring our cell phones, we could not know where we were going. This was disconcerting at the very least.
After what seemed like an hour of driving, we seemed to arrive at the destination. We would learn that it was an empty parking garage beneath a skyscraper. We were escorted by the driver from the car to an elevator. He used a code and face scan.
The elevator arrived directly at an apartment. A manservant received us. We were then ushered towards an interior room so we couldn't get a reference from a window to see where the building was. The room was large but minimalistic.
"Please take your clothes off and give them to me," the man said.
We were somewhat shocked. How stupid we were. We were there to be paid concubines. But, still this whole naked thing tended to shock at least me. Since we were already practically nude, we slipped our dresses off and handed the man the garments. He made no special notice of our naked state. It was as if this procedure was quite routine.
"The Master will be with you shortly," he said as he turned and left, closing the door behind him.
We stood naked in the middle of the room.
"Rachael, I'm scared," I said.
"Com'on Nicola, nothing is going to happen. A little bit of sex, that's all," she reassured me taking my hand.
-----
After what seemed like hours, but was only 20 minutes, a man walked into the room. He was dressed handsomely. It was Kingsley.
"Hello my little friends," he said as if knowing us for many years. "I see that you have made yourselves comfortable," referring to the fact that we were stark naked.
We greeted him, without trying to show our reservations. We tried to act as though we were completely at ease and that we were aroused to be with him. For me, nothing could have been furthest from the truth.
-----
Against one of the walls, there was a sitting area. It consisted of a large lounge sofa, two wingback chairs, and a modern glass coffee table. The sitting area was set on an expensive Persian rug on the otherwise marble floor. On the wall, there was a large modern painting that seemed to be an authentic Picasso, appearing to be of extremely high value.
Kingsley walked over to the sofa and sat down. He placed his glass of cognac on the coffee table. From his Savile Row sports coat, he pulled a gold cigarette case. He extracted a very thin cigarette, lit it, and blew a thin line of smoke through his nostrils.
He looked towards us as if having two naked girls in his presence was a common affair. It was as if he needed something to break the boredom of his decadence. We were his private show.
"Ok. I want you to make love to each other."
That was all he said. He then crossed his legs with the full expectation that we would get on with it straight away. Rachael and I looked at each other. She took the lead. She gave me a gentle smile and then moved in to kiss me. The initial light kiss on the lips turned into a passionate kiss just as we would do in the privacy of our bed.
Rachael started to rub my breasts. She bent down and took my nipple into her mouth. I could not hide my excitement.
She then quickly kneeled in front of my pussy, parted my legs, and started to lick my womanhood. We were in the middle of the room on a marble floor making love. She pulled me down to her. She then laid out on the floor and directed me to straddle her face with my pussy. I did as she told me. Kneeling over her face, I was facing her breasts and naked body. I messaged her breasts and then bent down and began to kiss her. Finally, I reached her pussy and began to lick her.
We continued like this in a 69 position for several minutes. I nearly forgot about the fact that Kingsley was watching us silently from his sofa. I was only thinking about Rachael.
-----
I was brought out of my trance when Kingsley clapped his hands twice as if addressing servants. Well, in effect, we were his servants.
"Come here. Both of you."
He said nothing more except to unzip his pants. We took off his shoes. Then we removed his pants. Rachael began to kiss his legs moving up towards his cock. I watched her as she expertly licked him gently. Kingsley was already hard by watching us. Now with each kiss, his cock jerked in anticipation. Rachael began to lick the head of his cock, making small circular motions with her tongue.
During this, Kingsley didn't show any facial expression or even motions of intimacy. He was a man that was accustomed to being serviced in all manners.
Rachael then took his cock in her hands and gently put the cock-head in her mouth while her hand stroked its base ever so gently. She then stuffed it in her mouth and started to bob up and down. She increased her rhythm fucking him with her warm wet mouth.
Now Kingsley, placed his hand on her head, gently caressing her as she pleased him. Rachael was moving up and down with more intention. All the while I was mesmerized at how expertly Rachael sucked on his cock.
Then, Kingsly made a motion as if making her stop. He then grabbed my hand indicating that it was my turn. I moved to him and put his cock in my mouth. Rachael then moved between his legs. Sitting on the floor, she kissed up his legs while I began to bob up and down with his cock in my mouth.
Rachael inserted both of his balls into her mouth. With me, he was more forceful. He put his hand on my head and forced it down with considerable force so that I would take it down my throat. I had never deep-throated anybody, but good thing I didn't have a strong gag reflex. His cock entered my throat and with him forcing my head down, I was able to take his 8-inch cock to its base.
Since he saw that I could stick his cock down my throat, he used both hands and moved my head up and down.
I sense that he was about to cum. I thought he was going to blow his load, but he made me stop. He then grabbed Rachael's arm, indicating her to get up. He motioned her to mount him. He wanted to enter her.
Rachael dutifully stood up and squatted over his cock facing him. He touched her breasts and looked into her eyes. She moved forward and kissed him. Then, she reached under her squatting position and guided his cock towards her entrance. She was so lubricated from her arousal, that she moved it back and forth around her opening. The head of his cock slipped into her and she gasped.
She then started to move up and down on his cock. He moved his hips to meet her and with each movement, he entered her further. Soon his entire cock was inside her and she continued to ride him, now with increasing speed.
I admired her body as she took his cock inside her. I loved looking at her hour-glass back and firm ass. I loved how his cock disappeared into her pussy from behind. I put my face between her cheeks and licked her pussy and his shaft as it entered her. The smell of her pussy and ass in my nostrils during this raw sexual act was intoxicating. It was like a drug. I felt transported to another world.
She rocked back and forth forcing her clit onto him to create pressure. However, she was the concubine. It was his pleasure that came first. As Rachael was taking his cock, I sat underneath them as Rachael bounced up and down. I licked and caressed his balls. Her push juice was leaking down in streams. I licked it up as if it were the most precious liquid in the universe. His orgasm was approaching. He suddenly began to pant more and it was clear he would cum soon. All of a sudden, he closed his eyes, became tense, and exploded inside my lovely Rachael.
As she dislodged from him, his cum leaked from her pussy and drops fell onto my face.
----
Then, he directed me to clean his cock with my mouth. He wanted to watch as I ate his cum out of Rachael.
We repeated this several times. After a couple of hours, he left. There was no goodbye or anything intimate. He simply got up and walked out the door, leaving us there alone.
A few minutes later, the servant came in with some damp towels to clean ourselves and get dressed. In an hour in a half, we were back at our apartment over the Casino club.
-------
Afterward, we talked. It wasn't so bad. Maybe that was the idea. It was to slowly get us relaxed before the kinky and violent activity that he was really into.
This rather gentle sex was repeated several more times throughout a couple of weeks. It was always the same routine. The driver would come and get us, we would be brought to the room without windows. Rachael and I would make love together while Kingsley watched, and then we blow him and Rachael would fuck him. He never wanted to fuck me. Only Rachael. I don't know why. But I was fine with it.
The violence of Kingsley
Two weeks later, on one of the trix with Kingsley. The routine changed. When we arrived, we stripped naked as usual and the servant took our clothing. Then, the manservant handed us each contact lenses. The lenses were solid black. He assured us that they would not produce any harm, but they would not allow us to see. The events that evening would be quite different. There would be things that they did not want us to observe. This made me very anxious and scared.
Then, the servant took my arms and fastened my wrists behind my back with cuffs. He did the same to Rachael. He then attached clamps to my nipples. The clamps were connected by a chain and a longer chain to what must have been like a dog leash. He directed us to kneel on the floor with our legs spread open. After preparing us, he left the room.
Twenty minutes later, the door opened. Unlike other nights, we heard a crowd of people entering the room. It was Kingsley accompanied by many of his guests. They were all talking. There were men and women. Since we could not see, it was hard to know how many people entered, but approximately 20 or 30 people. They all spoke in a foreign language, that sounded Slavic.
Someone walked over to us. It was Kingsley.
"Come here my little slave bitches," he said cruelly. "You need to serve me and my guests."
He picked up and pulled our leashes that were attached tightly to our nipples. The force was so much that we rapidly stood up and walked quickly as he led us towards the crowd of people. We seemed to be the center of attention. Kingsley led us to the center of the crowd and then left the leashes. Many were continuing conversations and talked amongst them, while others seemed to be paying more attention to the "entertainment" of the evening. Rachael and I. The dinner party had moved into this room. Servants could be heard serving drinks.
I began to feel multiple hands touching my naked body. I could sense that most were men's hands, but I also felt some women's hands. They treated us as we were like pets. Sexual pets.
I heard Rachael gasp. I heard someone slap her on the face and treat her roughly. Why were they like to this to her? Why were they so cruel to her? The man told her to suck him. Since at this moment, Rachael was still next to me, I heard the man undo his zipper.
"Suck, little bitch," the man said with an accent.
He must have been rough with her because I heard her gasp as he stuck his cock into her mouth. Also, I heard him slap her face several times.
Just at this moment, someone grabbed my leash and pulled on it. I stood up again and did all I could to follow quickly. My nipples were being stretched and the pain was incredible. Whoever took the leash, didn't seem to care too much for my pain and discomfort.
It was Kingsley. He had pulled me some distance away. I must have been near the sitting area.
"Come here my little slave," he said to me in a commanding voice. "Kneel. I want your throat."
I knelt as he commanded and rapidly moved forward. Since I couldn't see anything, he guided me so that my mouth was on his cock, he grabbed my head with two hands and stuck his cock into my mouth. With all his strength, he pushed my head onto his cock, so that it entered my throat. He violently began to fuck my mouth. In a few strokes, his 8-inch cock was down my throat.
I could barely breathe, but he didn't stop. He fucked my throat as if I were not human.
When I thought he would cum in my mouth he pushed me aside. Another man took his place. His cock was smaller but thicker. He slapped me hard on the face.
"Be careful with your teeth, you fucking bitch," he said with an accent.
He stuffed his cock in my mouth again and I sucked him until he orgasmed. All the while, I heard Rachael moaning and the sounds of men fucking her. Groaning. Their bodies slapping against her.
When the guy blew his load in my mouth, another man came and took his place. This carried on like this for a long time. I don't know how many men fucked my mouth. I don't remember how many loads of cum that I swallowed.
After what seemed like an unending series of blowjobs, a guy grabbed my arms and dragged me across the marble floor. he treated me like I was a tiny rag doll. The man picked me up and threw my body on the wing-back char so that my ass was sticking up in the air and my head was buried in the chair. Then a moment later, the giant man's massive cock was probing my ass. Nobody ever entered me from behind.
"I am going to fuck you little hole," he said.
I was terrified. I tried to get up, but he pushed me back down into the chair. I repeated my attempts several times, but he slapped my ass so hard that I remained still. His massive cock found the entrance of my ass. He lubricated it his cock with my pussy juices and by spitting onto his cock. He inserted his finger into my tiny hole. When he was satisfied that I was lubricated and stretched enough, he forced his massive cock into me. Since it was the first time being fucked in my ass, the pain was excruciating. After what seemed like an eternity, he was pumping his entire cock into my ass. I sensed his orgasm approaching. Finally, he blew his load inside me. When his cock stopped ejaculating into my tiny hole, he dislodged from me and left me there on the chair.
After several minutes, someone came to me and helped me out of the chair. They were the hands of a woman. She directed me to kneel on the floor near the sofa. She sat on the sofa so that I was between her legs. Then, she pulled my head inward so that my mouth was on her mound.
She must have been a mature woman. Her pussy mound was covered in thick hair. I kissed around her pussy. Her smell was strong. As I kissed her, she was very gentle with me. She rubbed the hair on my head and moaned, repeating words through her pleasure in a foreign language. She continued to caress my head and pushed back my hair as I kissed the petals of her full pussy.
She had so much pussy hair that I had to push it to the sides to be able to lick her pussy. Her clit was of a mature woman. Large. Engorged and extended a bit. As I licked her there, she became lost in ecstasy. Her demeanor had suddenly changed. She was no longer gentle with me. With her hands on my head, instead of caressing my hair, she pushed my head down on her. She grabbed my head with both hands and started to use me as her fuck toy. She gyrated her pelvis and pushed my head back and forth with increasing pressure and speed.
Now being so aroused, I realized how large her pussy was. She continued to push my face back and forth over her pussy. At one point, my entire face was engulfed within her pussy. This was a woman that had had many children, and I think my entire head could fit easily within her vagina.
She was approaching orgasm and ran her head back and forth furiously over my face. Now she was not at all gentle with me. She wanted to orgasm and she simply was grinding all over my face. She rubbed against my nose as if it were a small cock entering the entrance of her pussy.
Finally, she started to moan. She was about to cum. I wanted the ordeal to end. The force of her grinding her pelvis on my face and crushing my nose hurt more than the man that had fucked my ass. She began to shake. Her orgasm had begun. Then with her pussy over my mouth, I suddenly felt a strong stream of fluid enters my open mouth. The fucking bitch was pissing into my open mouth. I tried to move away, but she held my head with all her force between her. I was forced to drink her steady stream of piss until she finished cumming.
When her orgasm was finished, she pushed me aside to fall on the floor. I stayed like this next to the small puddle of her pee that had escaped from my mouth.
------
As I was recuperating there on the floor, I heard the treatment that the men were giving Rachael. I could hear her crying and moaning. The crowd of men had been fucking her the entire time. They had been gang-banging her viciously. But, they were also hitting her or whipping her. Since I could only listen, it sounded as if she was being treated quite badly.
My poor Rachael must have been in pain, but she did not protest. She took all that they were dishing out.
After what seemed like an eternity, Kingsley and his guests were finally finished. After they had used her in the most humiliating manner, the group of them were talking, laughing, and getting ready to leave. I then heard Kingsley. He addressed us both.
"Dirty filthy bitches," he said in the most derogatory manner. "You are both fucking whores. Get cleaned up. I shall expect more participation the next time. Otherwise, you shall both be punished. Is that understood?"
He then grabbed Rachael and slapped her on the face. Somehow, he had forgotten or cared little of my existence kneeling in the middle of the room where he had last left me.
We then heard the whole group walk out of the room and close the door behind them. We were left there alone.
-----
When they left, I began to cry uncontrollably. I was so scared.
"Are you ok, Rachael?" I said through my tears.
"Mmmm," she whispered as if the pain was too much for anything more. "I'm ok. Don't worry my love. How about you, are you ok?"
I got up and went to her. I sat on the couch and put my arm around her. We comforted each other without saying a word.
------
After 15 or 20 minutes, the door opened. It was the servant. He brought fresh towels and a bowl of warm scented water. Unlike other times, he was far more gentle with us. He dipped a face-towel in the warm water and began to bathe Rachael. He then covered her in a bathrobe. He did the same to me.
"Wait here and we shall go soon," he said as he collected the towels and left the room.
When he left, I turned to Rachael. She still felt discomfort from the hard treatment. I had recovered from my ordeal as well. Nobody ever treated me like that before. Other trix were never like this. I was very scared and humiliated.
"Rachael, we have to stop "doing trix"!
"Yeah," was all she could say.
"Tell me. Promise me, Rachael. We have each other. We don't need all this."
"Ok, Nik. We'll talk later," she whispered with a very sad and defeated voice.
-------
The next day, Rachael had gone out early. She came back in the afternoon just after lunch. I was sitting on the couch walking TV. I had been waiting for her to get back. She had gone out for some errands and had planned on talking to Franny.
"Hey, Rachael," I said cheerily as she entered.
"Hey Nik," she responded with a strangely muffled voice.
nstead of greeting me as she normally did, she ran into the bathroom. I immediately became concerned. I went to the bathroom, quickly but the door was closed.
"Rachael, what's the matter?" I knocked.
"I'm, ok."
"Please Rachael," I implored increasingly frantic. "Please open the door," I implored her.
The door opened.
There was the image of Rachael with a large black and blue mark on her eye. She had been hit. It was Franny, the fucking son-of-a-bitch.
"I went to talk to Franny. He got angry," she said and started to cry. "He told me to deal with it. He said he doesn't have time to deal with the problems of his whores."
I hugged her. I consoled her. There was nothing more to do. These were dangerous people. And now, we were in this. Thick.
We cried together.
Chapter 10: Multiple suspects in Kinglsey's orbit
We gradually settled into our new life at Franny's Casino club and the small apartment above it. We also got used to "doing trix" full-time. At first, I always did them with Rachael. But more and more, she was becoming an exclusive client of Kingsley. She convinced me that I had to do trix to be able to stay with her and continue to live together. She was in this too deep to get out, she said.
So, I started "doing trix" alone, without Rachael. I never talked to Franny. She was the one that told me. She was the go-between for Franny. And I did it because she asked me. I did it because she told me that way we continue to be together here at Franny's joint.
I did it with men, with couples, with mature men and women. They were often simple. But I did, it. Rachael always convinced me to go along with it. Rachael would kiss me and tell me that it was nothing. It would be just for a bit longer. We would have enough money to not work again. Someday, when it was too boring, we would just walk away. I somehow knew she was too deep. I was too deep. So, I went along. To stay in her orbit.
-----
So life went on like this. Occasionally, I would be asked to go with Rachael to Kingsley. She didn't have much choice. Franny demanded that she go. And, as I said before, you don't fuck with Franny, but especially not with Kingsley.
I don't know why, but the trix with Kingsley were never as hard as the previous time. He returned to being more or less good to us. He would let us make love together. He would watch us make love. He would watch us do kinky things to one another. I got used to making love to Rachael in front of him.
Sometimes he would invite the two of us to his parties. These parties were like the previous time, but not so hard. We obeyed. So it was just sex. When that was the case, all the guests wore masks (except us), so their identity would not be known. I never wanted to go. They were hard trix. They were gangbangs. From the moment we arrived.
There were always parties with other men or girls. These were no ordinary parties. They were of the ultra-wealthy. Guests were in formal dinner attire. There were expensive hors d'oeuvre, Champagne, and live classical music. Real class acts. Nonetheless, we were the main dish.
We always arrived semi-naked in some high-fashioned but revealing dress. By the middle of the dinner party, we would always end up completely naked. We "serviced" both men and women. It didn't matter. The guys would want to feel me up. Some would want blowjobs. Some would want to fuck. We did it all. But, it was Rachael who received the gangbang fucking. She was the one that cocks would gravitate towards. And she was into it.
The ladies also wanted us sometimes. But it was different. Yeah, some wanted us to lick them off. But, most just wanted us to kiss them passionately. Probably, the type of contact they lacked in the marriages. They wanted the emotional escape and to feel desirable again by a young sexy creature. We made them feel desirable.
At the end of such a night, we often couldn't even find our clothing. We spent the night naked. Maybe someone took our clothing as a souvenir. Anyway, we would either return completely naked, since no one would see us in the limo or with a short dress shirt that Kingsley would give us. They always seemed strategically short enough that our kitties were still exposed.
-----
After trying to get out, we felt compelled to continue. I don't know really what Rachael was thinking. I don't know if she was as scared as me. Sometimes, I wasn't sure if Rachael somehow enjoyed the humiliation. The kinky gangbangs. She was fucked by tons of guys while women sat on her face. After, she seemed as cheery as always.
That was her facade. I was on the outside trying to look in. Inside Rachael.
No information can be obtained from outside a black hole.
Chapter 11: Another prime suspect
One of those days, Franny arrived at the apartment. I had been out shopping. Franny told Rachael that he has a special client tonight and tomorrow. She is to do all that they tell her. Franny said that I had to accompany her because they want Rachael's friend as well.
Franny had warned Rachael that this is important for the business and not to fuck it up. The next day, a car picked arrived at 9 in the morning. We were given those dark contact lenses again. It is impossible to see anything through them. Being blind is a strange feeling. We were stripped naked and helped into the car. The car drives for at least and an hour and a half. We were clearly on the highway.
Rachael seemed to recognize each turn. She whispered to me where we were. I don't know how she did it, but she must have had a photographic memory. She told me that we were driving out onto the island. I think she even knew the exact location. They are brought into what must have been a mansion.
Then we are brought down to a room that sounded hollow. I could only imagine it was like a dungeon.
-----
We were both bound to the wall. They were girls that bound us. The girl that tied me was naked. She must have been very sexy, because I felt her naked body against mine as she worked at fastening my cuffs. It seemed that she purposefully rubbed her sensual tits against me. When she tied me to the post, she hugged me plastering her full breast against mine.
She pulled my legs apart and fastened my legs to the ankle cuffs. My arms were outstretched and fastened in wrist cuffs. With my legs outstretched, and my body splayed out, she caressed my body. As she rubbed my small breasts and carefully tweaked my nipples, she gently touched my pussy. I don't know if she was doing for her own pleasure or if her job was to arouse me. But it was working. She smelled of perfume and from her touch, I imagined that she must have been young and beautiful.
From her sexual touch, I started to forget about my fear. Her long slender fingers rubbed along the outside of my moist pussy. As she rubbed back and forth between I moved my hips slightly so that she could enter me. Finally, her finger entered my hole. I gasped with pleasure and anticipation.
Then, she immediately stopped. She walked away and a few minutes later she returned. I felt her putting a collar on my neck. It was extremely snug. But, she didn't seem satisfied. She used her force to tightened the strap one rung more. I was on the verge of suffocating. I don't know how long I could remain like this. It was nearly impossible to breathe, and I was gasping for air. To make matters worse, she inserted a large ball gag into my mouth and tied the strap behind my head.
She then left me. I imagined that the girl assigned to Rachael was doing the same procedure to her.
When the girl came back several minutes later, I felt her apply something like vaseline to my nipples. She rubbed them and gently pinched them. It felt so good that my nipples became hard, long, and pointy. Then, I felt a sudden pain, as she fastened tight clamps to each one of them. The clamps were attached by a very tight chain, which she then attached a ring on the neck collar.
The discomfort was excruciating. But then, I felt her mouth at my vagina. I then felt her tongue running on my womanhood, and teasing my clit. Between the pain and the pleasure, my mind was in a frenzy. As she kissed me, the girl started to insert something into my anus. It was a but plug. Once inserted, she inserted a large dildo into my pussy. It started to vibrate with a low buzz. If it weren't so large, it would have felt good. But it stretched me to the point of breaking and hurt like hell.
During this whole ordeal, I could also hear the same treatment as Rachael. I imagined that she was experiencing the same as me. Afterward, when we compared our experience, indeed it was true.
-----
Just then another woman entered. I heard her high heels as she walked towards us. They clicked loudly on the concrete floor of the dungeon.
The girl that was licking my pussy suddenly stopped. The woman clapped her hands and commanded something in another language. I would later learn was in Romanian. She then came close to us.
"Hello, my little slaves," the woman said.
Her voice was that of a mature foreign woman.
"How lovely you both look. You shall be my slaves for the next few days," she said. "You will be taught how to worship me as your Mistress."
----
She then speaks to us. Her Romanian accent was thick. Aristocratic. From the pedigree of ancient nobility that had long retreated into history. A relic of another time. Now relegated to acting out her class superiority through kinky and decadent BDSM perversions. With her money, she could indulge in such fantasies. She could create an entire world. She could buy her prisoners. She could buy young beautiful girls and act out an ancient rite of kinky slavery, where she was master. And, we were the slaves. All set-up by Franny.
Yes, we would be the young helpless virgens. She could act as the Mistress that will teach us how to serve her sexual desires. Yeah, we were prisoners in real life too. Rachael was bound to Franny and Kingsley.
And, I was bound to Rachael.
I was on Rachael's event horizon. Each day, I was losing myself. Each day my person was being obliterated for my only objective, which was to stay in Rachael's orbit. I needed her to love myself.
-----
I was so scared. She walked over to me and touched me. Her hands felt like an older mature woman. I then heard her walk towards Rachael.
"But, if you disobey, you shall be punished. Hard! Do you understand," she said with an ominous voice.
-----
For the rest of the day, the Mistress lived out her fantasy with us. She whipped us, she kissed us, she touched us. She made us do kinky sex with her and lick her. We were put into different devices, fucked with inventive instruments, and made to worship the Mistress.
At night, we were cuffed once again to the wall. The Mistress was punishing Rachael for some silly command that she didn't do correctly. Something completely contrived. An excuse to perform and play out her masochistic fantasies on a beautiful creature like Rachael.
But, from something that Rachael says while she is being tortured, the femdom Mistress suspects that Rachael knows her location. At that very moment, the woman stopped whipping her. She becomes extremely angry because she screams something in Romanian.
I had no idea what had just happened, but I was even more frightened than before. How could Rachael speak in this language? And what did she say that so upset the woman?
From that moment, I could hear the woman leaving the room. She screamed something to her servants and then slammed the door behind her.
Something had changed in their game. This was no longer part of the fantasy. This was becoming very real, indeed. Rachael had said something that made the woman furious and now our fate had changed from being part of a kinky fantasy to something entirely dangerous.
The servant girls immediately came and undid our bonds. They then brought us to another part of the room. I could not see, but I was helped a short ladder. I was then forced into a square cage; with bars. It was tiny, and I could barely fit inside. It was so small, that it was painful. I could only sit with my head bent between my knees. The nipple clamps hurt. My mouth ached from the large ball still lodged between my mouth.
The girl returned and started to insert something into my anus. It was a plug. Once inserted, she inserted that large terrible dildo into my pussy. But instead of vibrations, it gave electric shocks.
Our steel bar cages were then fastened to a cable. After a few minutes, I felt a sudden shock. They were also sending electric shocks. I was in so much pain that I could no longer think straight. The shocks were short but strong. The worse was anticipating when the next shock would occur. I felt that I was in hell.
They left the room. We spent at least a couple of hours.
----
Then, the door opened. It was the same girls again
"Why are you treating us like this?" I asked the girl that attended me.
She did not want to respond to me, so I insisted. I could sense that she was not enjoying this either. She motioned me not to talk.
"Mistress is angry because your friend has suspected her identity," she said. "You must never tell anybody about this place. You are both in grave danger."
Then, I could hear Rachael moaning in pain thru her ball gag. The girl was talking to her in Romanian. I don't know how Rachael understood her but she did. They were giving her electric shocks.
"She is telling your friend that if she speaks, she could have a terrible accident," the girl attending me whispered. "Mistress will kill me if she knows I talked to you."
We stayed like this all night. Each moment of being cramped in such a small box no larger than a small suitcase was sheer agony. I couldn't imagine my body so contorted and thought I would be permanently injured.
----
The next morning, they let us out. They tied us again to the wall. This time, the Mistress came back. I suddenly heard the sound of a whip. She was whipping my Rachael. It was as painful as if she was doing it to me.
When the woman stopped, I heard her spit, presumably on Rachael. She began to scream something, but I couldn't understand her. Then I heard Rachael murmured something between her crying. I then heard her say in English that she agreed and would obey. I didn't know at that moment what Mistress said and Rachael never told me.
---
That night, Rachael told me not to worry. I put soothing lotion on her whip marks. I kissed her. I lay next to her and just hoped this would never happen again.
From that point, we never mentioned it again. But, it would never be the same. This was no game. I was truly scared for our safety.
-------
Synopsis of Act 2
So, the information was all there. All the pieces were there for the "Final Act". Ready for the murder. The killing of poor Rachael.
There were multiple suspects. Multiple motives. Multiple opportunities.
The stage has been set and it will occur on the day of love. There can be no other day more appropriate. Because in the end, this is primarily a love story. Or is it?
Everybody wanted Rachael. Dead. Silenced. Out of the way.
But, who?
Who killed Rachael?
---------
ACT 3: The Murderee
Chapter 12: Valentine's eve
Ya' know, everybody wants some love on the day of love. On Valentine's eve, nobody wants to be alone. And, nobody knows that more than a girl like me that strips and does trix for a living.
It's a big night at the East End Casino Club, in the "Cairo Room". The "johns" and "janes" are there because they want somebody. They can't stand being alone. I can understand them. I also don't want to be alone. I want to be with Rachael.
Also, they want a piece of the action. They want a piece of sex. To watch. Touching a bit. Feeling human warmth and getting warm. They want a piece of Rachael and me. But mostly, they want a piece of Rachael. They want to be in her heat. They want to escape into her world.
-----
Like always, we walked out on the stage together. Despite the lights focused on us in the dark Cairo Room bar, I could see that there were lots more people than normal. And they were anxious. Valentine's eve was like a bottle of viagra. There was one thing on their minds. Sex.
We were completely naked. Our skinny sexy hairless bodies bathing in the stage lights. Rachael and I held hands as we walked out onto the stage. The music started. We danced, moving with accentuated contorted movements to better expose ourselves to the anticipating an insatiable audience. We moved together. Intertwining our bodies like serpents. We touched each other erotically. With the strong beats of the bass, Rachael rubbed up and down my skinny body as if we were fucking.
We kissed passionately. She caressed my breasts and then rubbed me between my legs. The clients in the audience cheered. They wanted to watch us have sex. They wanted more. They wanted to be a part of this.
They wanted a piece of the action.
They wanted Rachael.
So did I. Ya', I just wanted Rachael.
After so many times of being on stage naked, it was now natural for me. I liked that men and women wanted to look at me and touch me. I would have never imagined letting total strangers touch me wherever they wanted -- my breasts, between my legs, my ass -- but now, I feel it is the best part of my job. I feel like I am providing a service. I now think of myself as an actress, but something more. I am an actress that is tactile. It is like an extra dimension -- typically, we can only watch actors and actresses, but with us, the audience can touch and participate in the sex. These were my thoughts as I was on stage.
----
All of a sudden, I noticed that Rachael's mood had changed. What had happened? It was difficult to see out in the audience, but I thought I could make out Franny with several other men entering. It is as if their presence had changed Rachael.
Rachael is not like always. During the rest of the second act, it as if her mind is no longer present. She is just going through the motions. Her face is expressionless, as she dances in front of a bunch of clients. The guys still throw money at her, and she goes on with the show, but she is preoccupied.
----
In between acts, I could not find Rachael. Just as the second act was about to begin, I saw her with Franny. He was not happy. She had been crying.
We went out as usual. The second act is always far more sex. I gave many blowjobs, one older woman with her date wanted to feel my small tits. I sat on her lap and hugged her and kissed her passionately. A guy wanted to touch my kitty and lick me down there. I lap-danced naked on many other clients.
Some guys had her on a table. I looked over at Rachael. She was getting gang-banged on the table. There were at least six guys with their cocks out and they were fucking her one after another. I noticed that her facial expression was one of resignation.
But, it was not a typical night in the Cairo Room. I sensed it. There was something in the air.
There was fear.
------
Chapter 13: Valentine's morning
That night was so late, that we went straight to bed, without even showering.
"Is everything ok, Rachael?" I whispered as I lay next to her.
"Mmm, yaeh, I am just tired."
I kissed her on the cheek.
"Sleep well," I said.
"You too."
We closed our eyes. Even I dozed off rather quickly. A few hours later, I woke to some slivers of sunlight started to enter the room. It was still early and the room was still dark. She was holding me but looking out the window. She had been crying. I didn't want her to know that I was watching her.
I slept for two hours more. Rachael was still sleeping. Since it was Valentine's day, I wanted to go out to the flower shop down the street and buy a bouquet of red roses, coffee, and croissants. I figured I would surprise Rachael.
I returned. She was still in bed sleeping. I jumped into bed and gave them to her. She started to cry. I thought it was with joy.
She hugged me and we began to make love in bed. I love how our breasts push together.
I lick down her tummy and to her pussy. We got into a 69 position and it didn't take long before she got me off. My pussy tingled and I felt warm all over. I was so in love.
In love. With Rachael.
----
She said she would take a shower while I went to the store. I told her I would be back in no time. I kissed her and told her that I loved her.
I told her that someday we would be free from Franny. We would be free from all of them.
And we can live in peace together.
She just hugged me and kissed me. She thanked me for the flowers.
----
When I returned, Rachael had been murdered.
Chapter 14: Rachael goes Supernova
Stepping into our apartment, the fabric of space-time had been ripped apart. A massive neutron star had gone supernova.
Time was meaningless. I lost the notion of relativity. I was blown over by the massive gravitational aftershocks.
Only something like a supernova can produce gravitational waves. They are the undulations in the fabric of space-time itself.
Rachael had "gone supernova".
-----
"Nicola this is Tony," Mac said of the plain-clothes officer that was with him. "He'll take you to my place."
I walked out with one of Mac's guys on the force. He helped me walk because I was in a daze.
"Nicola, I will be there soon, OK?" Mac said as I left with the officer.
------
Mac's apartment looks like it belongs to a cop. A cop who had a different life once. There are photos of a once-formed family. Photos of young children. Photos of the same children in graduation attire. Photos of a military cadet. Photos of a decorated soldier. Photos of friends smiling together in some far off land. The air lingers with the scent of lonely nights. Absent days.
It was an apartment that was ordered, still maintained that hoped for better days. It was an apartment that still was awaiting someone to come back. Alas, they never did.
It was an apartment of a seasoned cop. One that deals with the city entrails every day. A cop that too often brought those entrails home with him. Maybe it was dealing with the delinquents. Maybe it is the endless futility of the front-line. The long nightmares of Iraq. Then Afgan memories. Broken children. The insanity. The horror. The absolute, utter horror.
Nicola read each clue of information and could almost piece together Mac's life. Mac took on dimension. She sympathized with him. He was a complex person. He knew suffering. Now she does too.
But now other things were on her mind. It was Rachael. Who killed Rachael?
-----
The evidence had started to form.
From all that happened, I spent the better part of an hour or two crying. Trying to reconstruct time. Trying to assess how she came to this point in her life. I wanted to be free. Free of the East End Casino club. Free of the stripping. Free of the trix. But more, free of Franny.
I was sitting slouched on the sofa looking out the French window. Listening to the humming of the bustle below. The sirens. The cars. The day to day workings of the city. From here above in Mac's apartment on the 3rd floor.
Just then, I heard keys in the door. It was Mac.
"Hi Nicola," he said as he opened the door and walked in.
"Hey," I responded.
"Sorry I took so long. How are you doing?"
"Well, ya' know," somewhat despondent. I didn't know how to respond.
"Any information. Did you find out who did it?" I asked.
"Ya," he said with a saddened serious tone.
"Who? Who did it?" I implored.
He walked over to the couch. I sat up straight. He sat down in the chair next to her. He put his keys down on the coffee table. He took his overcoat off.
"Nicola," he paused. "I don't know how to say this to you."
I felt a sudden flush of terror overtake me. The information was in his tone. I already had the information. I knew it all along but didn't want to accept it. I had pushed it out of my mind.
"The guys down in homicide and the lab have concluded it was suicide."
"No," I said moving my head from side to side in denial. "It's not true."
"Nicola,..." he tried to calm me down.
"Mac, I don't believe it," I protested throwing a tantrum, as if angry with him. "It is not true. You didn't work hard enough, you are protecting those assholes. All the powerful. Those bastards with cash."
I didn't want to accept it. Rachael loved me. She wouldn't have chosen to leave me. Not like this.
"Shhh, Nicola," he said gently.
"You lied to me. You said that you would help me find who killed her," I said through my sobs.
"Nicola, listen."
"No, I don't want to listen. I want to go. I want to go back to my apartment," I said as tears ran from my eyes, knowing I had nowhere to go.
"I didn't want...", he started then paused. "To show you this."
He reached into his pocket. It was a note from Rachael.
"Here," he said handing me the note. "I'm so sorry Nicola, I didn't want to give this to you now. But it is from Rachael."
I took the note in disbelief. This was not happening. I knew it was true from the first moment, but I searched for the "information". All the "information" in the black hole to find an alternative explanation. An alternative reality.
But deep down, I knew this alternative reality was not true.
------
I opened the folded note. It was Rachael's writing.
<<
"Dear Nicola,
You are finally free of Gravity. You are no longer on the Event Horizon. My mass has become far too large for me to sustain. The enormous forces are pushing my nuclei together. They are overcoming the "strong nuclear force". Soon it will all cave in on me. Soon, there will be no counterforce strong enough to counteract the implosion.
When it happens, I will explode like the fusion of all the nuclei in a billion suns.
I will spread out across the Universe. I will have gone supernova.
My insides are tearing me apart. My inner demons are just too strong. Please forgive me. Please don't think badly of me. Your love for all eternity,
Rachael
>>
Mac took me in his arms as I sobbed like a small child.
"I'm sorry, Nik," he said softly as he held me. "I am really so so sorry."
I put my head on his chest. My entire body enveloped in his embrace. Several tears fell from my eyes, forming a pool that seemed to submerge my world.
--------
Chapter 15: Out-of-body Surrealism.
The hardest part is accepting. Rachael went supernova. But there was nothing glorious. It rendered her life as empty as the void that preceded her. It was a life that suddenly came to an end. Lots of lives suddenly come to an end. Violence. War. Sickness. Accidents.
But Rachael's sudden end is fundamentally different.
All death is measured by those who live. It is the living that must reconcile such utter nihilism of a suicide. It will be those that were most close to Rachael that most overcome their self-doubt of personal failure. They will spend their entire life with the specter of piecing together the "information" of Rachael's life. It will be them that must overcome the inability to recognize the signs. It will be them to reconcile what will never be known.
Capitulation from a death-like Rachael's is fundamentally different because it eliminates the hope and possibility of what could have been. It was the willful elimination of all that could have preceded her. It was the elimination of the existential endowment of a single person that could have given rise to hundreds or hundreds of thousands in the future.
But moreover, it is not just the chapter that may have been written. It is the chapter that was purposefully unfinished. It is meant as a testament to those living that the effort wasn't worth it.
Therein lies the true tragedy of Rachael. It was the statement to all in her orbit that it didn't matter.
------
Then there were the suspects. Oh yes, the suspects. A person as consequential as Rachael has lots of people that would push her aside.
Nicola sensed the great pressure. The implosion was far too imminent. Far to probable.
But nobody expected it. Nicola didn't expect it. Nicola had collected the list of suspects. She had gone through the information on the event horizon. There were lots of them. She thought it was Franny, or Kingsley, or that femdom bitch. There were the other girls. A violent client. Any one of them could have put a bullet into her head.
The only suspect that Nicola did not imagine was Rachael.
Rachael's murderer was Rachael.
-------
Mac prepared dinner for Nicola. He set the table and placed a candle in the middle. On his way back home, he had bought a bottle of wine. As he walked from his car, he saw the flower shop just down the street. He paused. He had not bought a flower for anybody in many years. It was decided. A red rose and a few chocolates. He had these ready to give her just as they sat down to dinner.
"Nicola, it's time for dinner," he called to her from his small kitchen.
She was sitting on the couch, lost in her thoughts with the TV on.
"Not too hungry," she responded.
"I know. But, let's just sit here together at least," he said in a gentle and understanding voice.
Nicola came to the table. She was grateful for Mac's kindness and the effort he made in making the dinner with the table set for the two of them.
"Thanks Mac," she said trying to smile.
"Here, I bought you this," he said handing her the rose with the small box of boutique-made chocolates. "It's Valentine's day," he said matter-of-factly, and a bit bashfully.
Nicola accepted them and smiled. A tear fell from her eye.
"Your so sweet, Mac," and she kissed him on the cheek.
-----
During the meal, they talked. They talked about their lives. They avoided talking about the tragedy of Rachael. They avoided talking about the tragedy of Afghanistan and the war. They avoided the perilous road towards addiction and escape. They avoided Mac's failed marriage. They avoided the life of "doing trix".
That was all behind them. At least during this one dinner. At least for this moment.
No, they talked about their youth. They talked about their dreams. When they were optimistic. When the next great wonderful adventure was just around the corner.
They talked as if they were two lovers that had just discovered how they could share their lives. In the midst of tragedy, they wanted to both be re-born. They both yearned for that feeling of youth, to feel love once again and all the hope it brings.
------
It was Martin Luther who once said, "In the midst of life, we are in death."
But, here on Valentine's day, these two lonely people turned this on its head. For them, they would protest. They would scream at the top of their voices to the contrary of Luther.
"In the midst of DEATH, we are in LIFE."
----------
They stand at the entrance to Mac's bedroom, where Nicola will be sleeping. She wore one of his t-shirts, which on her looked like a dress. She was naked underneath.
"Good night, Nicola," he says kissing her on her forehead.
She looks up into his eyes.
"Thanks, Mac. Thanks for being here for me."
"Yeah," he whispers. "Sure. If you need anything, I'll be here," pointing to the couch in the living room.
She smiles and then closes the door.
--------
Mac left the curtains open to his French doors of his small balcony that looked out on the city. From his vantage point on the couch, he saw the moon. He was thinking of Nicola. He had always seen in Nicola the woman he would want to spend his life with.
He saw in her a purity. Devotion. A woman wanting to be realized. A woman who is capable of so much.
Their lives were not so different. They both lived amongst the drain-pipes of the city, its entrails.
While he was looking into the sky, he realized a new star. It was brighter than all the others. It was growing. It was a supernova. It was there for all to see. Its light would remain with all of them as a hope of the continuity of life, even in the midst of violent destruction. Parts of this star would become all of us.
Just as he was contemplating this, he realized he was not alone in the room. He tilted his head further back. It was Nicola.
-----
"I want to be with you, Mac," she said extending her hand to him.
She bent down and kissed him on the forehead. She then kissed him again. She kissed him on the bridge of his nose. He tilted his head back further. She then kissed him on his mouth. With her hands, she took his face in her hands and kissed him more intensely.
She then paused. They looked into each other's eyes. With their gaze fixed, there was no need for words.
She extended her arm. He took her hand and she led him into his bedroom.
When they arrived at the bed, she looked up into his eyes. In a movement, she removed the t-shirt that she was using as a pajama. She was completely naked. He put his arms around her and kissed her.
After a long kiss, she moved more towards the bed. She helped him to remove his shirt. Then his boxer shorts. She lay down in the bed and extended her arm for him to follow.
------
"Mac?"
"Yeah, Nicola," he whispered through their kisses.
"Make love to me," she said. "Tell me everything will be ok. Hold me."
Mac kissed her more intensely. He knew that he had fallen in love with Nicola. He had always been attracted to her as a person. Now that he knew her even more, he wanted her to be in his life.
"Everything will be ok, Nicola," he said. "I promise."
He wanted to believe this. He felt reborn. He felt alive for the first time in so many years.
------
Nicola moves close to him and kisses him on the mouth. He puts his arm over her and encloses her in his chest. They kiss passionately. He finds her so sensual. He touches her breasts and gently pinches her nipples between his fingers. They continue to kiss, their tongues dancing within their mouths.
"Mac?" she whispers sensually, almost dreamlike between the kisses.
"Ya' Nik," he responds.
"I want to fall in love with you," she says. "But, I'm scared of being hurt."
"Nicola, don't be. I am falling in love with you as well. I will never hurt you. I will never leave you."
She looks into his eyes and embraces him strongly with all her force. She is now very aroused as well.
She kissed him sensually on the mouth. He moves his hand over her body. Starting from the nape of her neck, he moves his hand gently on her naked form. Down to her breasts. He squeezes them gently. She gasps. He moves down along the side of her midsection and to her hips. He touches her leg and moves his hand slowly to her crotch. She opens her legs to allow him to access her pussy.
He gently kisses her around her inner legs, not yet touching her waiting folds. Nicola is now lost in her arousal. She wants him to kiss her there.
"Mac," she whispers. "Please kiss me there. Do you mind kissing me there?"
As she says this, she moved her hips so that it is easier for him to kiss her there. She needed to feel him rub his mouth along her sex. She wanted his tongue to explore her wet entrance. He continued to tease her, edging her with what seemed like torture, constantly building the tension. He then reaches her smooth shaved pussy and nibbles around the edge. He gives her hundreds of small succulent kisses all around the folds of her pussy lips.
"Nicola, you are so beautiful."
Even though Nicola has spent the past years doing trix, this was different. This was real love. This was not just sex.
Because it was real love, she felt bashful again. Like before, when she was young.
Now, Nicola was in pure ecstasy. Her pussy is dripping with her juices and she needs him to rub her harder. She squeezes her breasts, and moans uncontrollably, pushing her pelvis to his mouth. She moves her hand down to touch herself while he kisses her there.
Finally, Mac parts Nicola's pussy lips and slips her tongue into the waiting hole. Nicola lets out a gasp. She wants his tongue to fill her. She moves her hips to meet him in an attempt to plunge his tongue deeper as if it was his shaft. She raises her torso and gasps for air.
"Ahhh, Mac. That feels so good. I need you inside me." Nicola implores him.
But Mac was enjoying the feel of her too much to stop. He liked how she responded to his touch. He wanted to continue to tease her and bring her to a frenzied state of desire. He returns to delicate kisses. But, Nicola wanted and needed pressure. She wants him inside her. She wants to feel her womanhood filled with him.
"Mac, come here," she says as she gasps for air. "I want you inside me."
But, he begins to lick her pussy faster and with force. In response, she moves her pelvis to force her open slippery sex against his mouth with increased rhythm.
She returns to her attention on her clitoris. Then, she uses her fingers to delicately part her lips, exposing the nub of her clitoris so that he can lick her there. She uses her other hand to push his head closer, pleading with him for the stimulation she needs. He takes her hardened clit between his lips and sucks. She cannot take anymore and shifts position so that she can take his hard member into her entrance.
-----
"Lie on your back," she whispers to him.
With this, she climbs on top of him so that she straddles his torso. She bends her back and kisses him passionately on the mouth. She tastes and smells her juices on his lips.
"I think I love you, Mac," she says.
"Me too," he whispers back.
She slides down his body to position her pussy over his cock. At first, she lets it slide between her slippery lips, rocking her pelvis back and forth. How good it feels, she thinks. She can sense that he wants to enter her. She also wants it inside her. How good it will feel slipping into her moist entrance and filling her. As she moves back and forth, the head of his big beautiful cock slowly slips into her entrance.
She now positions her pussy over his cock and lets it slip into her tight entrance. He is so big for her. Even though she is wet, her hole is still so tiny compared to the size of his cock and she must go slow. First, the head of his manhood enters her and she rocks up and down, extending her insides. He gasps. She now feels a sudden urgency for him to enter her. She knows there is not much time. She continues to move up and down, so slowly, while centimeter by centimeter he enters her. Her pussy grips his cock tightly and their lovemaking still hurts her a little. But it is a good hurt, she thinks.
Finally, he is fully inside her and she begins to rock back and forth, grinding her pelvis on him so that her clit is also stimulated. He is on the verge of exploding. She can sense this.
"Oh Nicola, you are so beautiful."
"Oh, Mac," she whispers through her gasping and moaning pleasure.
She rides him harder, making his hardness pump into her as fast as she can. She wants to cum with him. Even with limited movement from his restraints, he moves his hips to meet her as she grinds back and forth. He is so big and she feels so full. She uses the index finger to rub her clitoris as his shaft slides in and out of her.
Their breathing becomes shorter now with each stroke. It feels so sensual. Her mouth is open, she is panting, gasping for air, and her eyes are closed. She is now focused on both their climax. She wants to cum together. She doesn't want to be alone anymore. She wants Mac to be with her now and always.
They are approaching the edge, moving harder and faster. She moves back and forth so that he is deeper inside her while rubbing her pelvis on the base of his cock. She feels lightheaded and dizzy. The pressure grows as she knows in any second they will both explode in orgasm together.
Finally, she feels his cum explode in spasms inside her. His warm liquid fills her and she immediately feels her own body convulse and spasm. She climaxes with such force that her body shudders and trembles with repeated aftershocks. She then collapses on top of him.
A few moments after her orgasm subsided, she remains on top of him. Mac's shaft is still buried deep into her, but she does not want to move. Mac doesn't want to move either. He wants to remain inside her. They both want to continue this moment into eternity.
She kisses him and then buries her head below his jaw with her face against his strong chest.
As she slips off to sleep, she thinks of Luther's statement that she rephrased:
"In the midst of DEATH, we are in LIFE."
She wants to be in life. She wants to be free.
Chapter 16: Love under a new sky
Nicola woke up as the morning streamed through the French doors of Mac's bedroom. She felt the warmth of the sun on her face. A new day had dawned. It was the day after that fateful Valentine's day.
In reality, it is a day just like any other. But, for whatever reason, it draws attention to the power of love. For an existing relationship, it may provides reflection and appreciation. It may be a way for a love to be discovered and born. But, for the broken, the lost, and the lonely, it provides a hope that love can be found at any moment.
Nicola realized that out of the tragedy of Rachael, she could discover love. A love that had perhaps started long before. In the nihilism of Rachael's death, it showed that we the living must find meaning. The most profound meaning is through the love of another.
And, the love of oneself.
Now Nicola understands that.
-----
She tilted her head to the side. Mac was still asleep. She looked at his features. His was a kind face, but one hardened by life forces. She had fallen in love with him. It had always been there. It was there for a long time, from that first day down in the 5th.
As she looked at him, she was lost in her thoughts of him and how life has brought her here. Just then, he opened his eyes.
A new day had dawned.
-----
THE END.