Although the story and characters are 100 percent fiction, I did grow up in a very small town like the fictional Dusty Flats. I had the good fortune to enjoy that simple lifestyle. I tell it in the first person because I personally remember those days with fondness.
1978. Long before cell phones, the video game frenzy, 400 channels of TV available at the touch of a remote, or home computers, we lived in a much simpler existence.
In Dusty Flats, it was even simpler. A very quiet and small community of less than 300 people located along a two lane road enjoyed a lifestyle that existed on good neighbors, good barbeques, and a thriving oilfield workforce that kept this and several other small communities within a 15 mile radius going strong.
My uncle Willie was one of the few men in the area that didn't work for the oilfields. As a youngster, he did, but he bought the Dusty Quick-Stop, a combination gas station and small grocery market, in 1960 , at the age of 30.
It was his dream to have his own business and the highway store had a loyal customer base.
His wife, my Aunt Mary helped with the store while also being a busy mother of my cousins, Brett and Amy.
Brett is 3 years older than I, and Amy is one year older.
I'm Adam, and I spent many weekends as a kid at that humble home in Dusty Flats.
My mother Marge and Aunt Mary were sisters, with Mary being older by a year. I also had an older brother, Donald, that had died many years ago as a toddler due to complications of a stomach disorder.
We were the "city kids" although we loved the rural life so much better. My dad, Lee, had a handyman business that his dad had begun in the early 1950s that kept him busy all day from Monday -Friday and usually a half day on Saturdays. Mom was a part-time librarian for one of the junior high schools in town.
The "big city" was located about 40 miles from the rural community of Dusty Flats. The city did have a fine junior college and a 4 year university. There was large shopping mall there that folks from towns like Dusty Flats, Walden Acres, and Logantown would drive to do their major shopping, including groceries.
Uncle Willie's roadside market kept necessities like milk, eggs, bread, and butter in stock along with plenty of snack foods and sodas. To do any shopping for meats and other important items, it required a visit to the "big city" (population less than 100,000). Life in Central California back then truly is so different than what most people get to experience today.
I look back on those years from the late 60s to late 70s nostalgically as some of the happiest of my life. As kids, we'd spend many evenings sleeping outdoors on their large front porch. If the weather was too cold or too wet, we'd just sprawl out on the living room floor. Who needs a bed anyway? Even my cousins, who had their own beds, would sleep on the floor with us.
In fact, Brett and Amy's friends would come over for the night and we'd make room for them as well. There were two empty beds that no one used, and no one wanted to use.
I loved that area and I loved the cookouts. I loved taking turns with my cousins cranking the handle of the homemade ice cream maker. Hamburgers, hot dogs, and chicken on the grill was only made better than having that homemade ice cream for dessert.
Evenings were spent with the adults, including some of their neighbors, sitting around in various conversations. Often, the men would huddle around Uncle Willie's pickup truck while the ladies would either sit on the porch or inside and carry on with their conversations.
Us kids? Well, we mingled together quite well despite the age differences. I was closer in age to Amy, although she was always one grade ahead of me. Still, I was the better student and would often be able to help her with her homework although her studies were one grade advanced.
I loved math and spelling. In fact, I placed second in the county spelling bee in both my 7thand 8thgrade years. I had been doing high school level math and algebra in junior high.
However, it wasn't just Amy that I enjoyed. She had a friend, Emily. Tall, thin, long red, curly hair pulled back in a loose ponytail, bright green eyes, and a quiet demeanor that made me want to know her more.
The problem with me was that I was an absolute mess around girls...socially at least. I was fine with Amy, she was my cousin. But I had a huge crush on Emily and yet played so cool and aloof when around her.
I could stare at her for hours. Her willowy build, small ass, and smallish breasts would get my attention.
Emily lived three houses down from my cousins. Her parents, Vic and Staci, were friends with my aunt and uncle as well as my parents.
To be clear, living three houses down in Dusty Flats isn't the same as three houses down in a more modern neighborhood.
The streets were wide and paved with gravel. There were no lines in the streets. Many houses were 100 feet or more apart from their next door neighbor.
Still, when I was around Emily, I practically became a mute. When she was around, I could carry on a normal conversation with anyone else, but to talk to Emily? It was simple yes, no, or I Don't Know kind of answers.
Emily was Amy's age, which also meant she was a year older. That was also intimidating to me since I doubted she'd want a "younger man." Despite all my self-confidence I had with my academics, I was a wreck around her.
Nobody tried to play matchmaker for us. Looking back, I'm sure others must have noticed changes in my behavior when talking to her. If nothing else, they might have concluded that I didn't really like her.
Emily was self-conscious about her appearance. She was a late bloomer. She was skinny. She never even needed a bra until she was in high school.
In 1978, where this story picks up, I was ready to graduate from high school. I had turned 18 in May and would begin junior college in August.
Uncle Willie offered me some part-time work at the market. I would work part of the day Friday afternoon and most of the day on the weekend. The store always closed by 6 on weekdays and at 4 on weekends.
By then, I had saved enough money to buy a 1966 Nova. It wasn't much to look at, but my dad gave it a thorough inspection and assured me that it would serve its purpose for several more years. The fact that he had good mechanical skills also helped. I learned how to do basic maintenance on it, including replacing the spark plugs and "gapping" them to company specs. I did my own oil changes and kept a close watch on all fluid levels and belt wear.
This Nova got me back and forth to Dusty Flats to work...and see more of Emily.
Emily spent the weekdays with her aunt in uncle in the city while she attended junior college. On weekends, she'd go back home to Dusty Flats.
That began the uneasy transition of getting to know Emily better.
Since I had to go to Dusty Flats at 1pm on Fridays and because she didn't have a car, they asked if I could take her to and from the city. They promised to cover gas expenses, but Uncle Willie kept my car filled up anyhow. In fact, it was a few years before I ever bought a tank of gas. The pay wasn't great at the market, but the free gas was a great perk...along with his stash of Playboy magazines in the back of the store...along with other pictures. More about that later.
I was now faced with the task of making meaningful conversation with Emily. I first tried to mask it by playing country music on the radio and singing along with the lyrics, but then the news and weather reports would come on and Emily would start talking to me.
I wasn't sure how much she liked me. She was never rude, but she also never made a strong effort to get to know me.
I knew she had a boyfriend during her last two years of high school. I had met him. Stan seemed like a decent guy, although he seemed kind of effeminate. I suspected that he might be more into guys, and later those suspicions were proven right.
However, Emily saw him as safe. He never tried to get her clothes off. He never showed her much physical attention other than holding her hand.
She met Jake in junior college. He was kind of a jerk and she learned that she was nothing but another notch on his bedpost.
I didn't realize how self-effacing she was until I took time to finally talk to her coming home from the city one September afternoon. She was in her final year at JC while I was still a freshman.
"What are you plans after JC?" I managed to stammer out of my clumsy mouth.
"Well, dad just wanted me to get my AA degree so I'd have an educational accomplishment. Since he works in the oilfields, he knows a lot of people out there. He's hoping to get me on in one of the field offices. It's not great pay, but it's full time hours and good benefits."
"What are your plans? You never say much to me. Even Amy doesn't know much about your plans and she talks to you a lot more than I do."
Damn. That was a question that I couldn't just answer with a yes, no, or shrug of the shoulders. Somehow, I clumsily tried to explain my course.
"It's hard to say, Emily. I've always wanted to get into the family counseling field. So many kids are now coming from broken homes. I wonder if their parents had any kind of intervention or counseling if it would have made a difference."
"The problem is, the cost of tuition. The university has a good program, but as long as Uncle Willie lets me work for him, I can save enough to get through...along with a student loan, of course."
Emily laughed. I wasn't sure why.
"For someone who doesn't talk a lot, you're looking at a job where you'd need to talk a lot. I found that kind of funny."
How could I be mad at her? At least when I was around her, I certainly didn't exude a lot of confidence and ability to hold a conversation.
"I don't know. Maybe being around someone you don't know and they don't know you. Maybe I can just be what I've trained to be. I'd have the confidence to speak plainly. I'm not sure, but that's the best I can come up with."
"I don't know," Emily said. "Sometimes I got the feeling that you didn't really like me that much, for whatever reason. I know I'm not the prettiest or best built girl out there, but I am a good person. Dang, you've known me for several years and you've probably said more in a few minutes riding in your car than you have your whole life to me."
"I know I have some baggage that some guys don't want, but you almost seem to avoid me like I'm contagious or something.
I felt bad. That hurt. The fact that she somehow believed that I didn't like her bothered me. It bothered me even more that she thought it might have something to do with her appearance. Also, baggage? What kind of baggage could a 19-year old girl have?
"You've gotta be kidding me?" I exclaimed with surprise. "Seriously? A knockout like you? You're beautiful."
I couldn't believe that I had the balls to say that to her face. I embarrassed myself as well as her.
"Really, Adam? And you've waited this long to tell me?"
I tried to determine if she was mad at me or happy with me. Maybe she was still in shock.
"Well, you're one year older. You had boyfriends in high school and even last year in college. Also, I never thought you'd be interested in me. I'm not exactly leading man material."
I was too hard on myself, to be fair. I'm nearly 6 feet tall with wavy blonde hair. I have a slightly stocky build, especially my broad shoulders and chest. Some have asked if I ever played football or lifted weights, but I'd never done either.
It got quiet in the car. I wasn't sure what to say next. We were about 5 miles from Dusty Flats when Emily broke the silence.
"You know, your folks are coming over this weekend for a cookout and ice cream. Maybe we can spend some time alone talking some more. Maybe take a walk once it gets dark. I can even stay over and sleep on the porch again."
I liked all of those ideas. I had no idea what I'd learn that night from Emily, but it changed my world. No, we didn't have sex that night. It was something far more important.
I closed up the market at 6pm so Uncle Willie could go home and get the barbeque going. By 8:30, we had enjoyed some delicious barbequed chicken, some of Mom's awesome potato salad, and Aunt Mary's semi-spicy chili beans. She put just enough cayenne pepper in it to make a person want to keep a full glass of iced tea nearby.
Of course, later in the evening as we're all laying on the wooden porch, the inevitable passing of gas and the guys laughing about it while the girls plugged their noses in disgust. Yes, this was typical country life and cheap (and juvenile) small town humor.
After it got completely dark, Emily and I snuck out and took a long walk down the lengthy street. The street lights were very few and very dim. Once we were about 200 feet from the house, not a soul could see us.
We told my mother we were going for a walk and mom raised her eyebrows at me as if to wonder why I was walking alone with Emily. She promised to let Emily's parents know if they asked.
We walked as far as Emily's house and sat together on a wide swing that was suspended from a long, sturdy tree branch. It wasn't anything fancy, just a 4 foot long piece of 1x6 wood knotted on each end and tethered to the tree. Again, this was the kind of ingenuity we practiced. Why waste money at Sears on a fancy swing when this one worked just as well?
"Seriously, Adam? You thought I was too pretty or hot for you? My vanity would love to believe that, but my reality says that's bull shit. What's the real reason you've avoided me?"
I didn't know what to say. I HAD told her the truth.
"I'm dead serious Emily," I said, trying to be as convincing as possible. It was the truth, but I still worked hard to sound more convincing.
"At this point, if it were anything else, I would have been comfortable enough to say it. You never seemed to show any special interest in me, other than being polite to me. I never sensed any kind of sign that you had any interest. Maybe that one year of difference in our ages isn't that important, but I believed it was to you."
"I mean, why would someone so pretty and so sweet that's a full grade ahead of me in school want to do with a nerdy kind of guy like me?"
Emily laughed. "Nerdy? That's funny. I never thought of you as nerdy. Quiet, maybe, but not nerdy. Socially awkward maybe, but not nerdy. I'm sorry for laughing at you, but to me that is really funny.
"Really?" I argued. "As funny as thinking that I didn't find you attractive at all? I'm still having trouble accepting that one.
"I know better now," she said with relief. "Imagine where we'd be right now if we had just talked to one another more over the years. Of course, I can't take the blame for that. I would have talked your ear off if you let me."
She was right. I was the one that had shielded myself from her. It seemed like such foolishness now as we sat on swing and kept talking.
"I mean, Adam, maybe if I'd been able to talk to you more, some of this other shit wouldn't have happened..."
Her voice began to weaken. It sounded as though she was trying to avoid crying.
"I mentioned baggage to you earlier. I'm not sure how much you know."
"About what?" I asked, genuinely curious about the sudden change of pace of our conversation.
"Jake," she said quietly. "Good-looking guy. I thought I really liked him. I thought he was crazy over me. Turns out that all he wanted was a couple romps in bed."
"The first time was painful and miserable, but I did it to please him. I had been told the first time was rough and it was."
"The second time was better but I didn't enjoy it. Then, I got pregnant..."
Again her voice trailed off. She took several seconds to regain her composure.
"His family had a lot of money and offered to pay for an abortion and my parents would never have to know. I wasn't ready for a baby, but I could not in good conscience abort a baby."
"Turns out, Mother Nature had other plans. I had a miscarriage at 5 weeks. Hardly anyone other than my parents knew I was pregnant. Not my aunt and uncle that I lived with during the week, not Amy, not anyone."
"The problem is, once in the hospital, the GYN doctor examined me and broke the bad news to me..."
Again, she took time to get composed.
"Let's just say my baby-maker was very defective. I'd never be able to carry a child to full term. He suggested that I get a tubal ligation to prevent any further pregnancies."
"So, my baggage? I'm not a virgin and I can't give a deserving man any children. I can understand if you're not interested anymore. It's a real kick in the gut to my pride."
I listened intently, carefully trying to measure my words to respond to her.
"Well, it's not like it's something you could control, right? It's just an abnormality. I'm sure it hurts to know, but any guy that wouldn't want you because of that isn't the kind of guy you need to have anyhow."
She immediately reached over to hug me. She was crying.
"For someone who hasn't said much to me over the years, you seem to know the right things to say when it matters."
She held on for a long time. I wanted to kiss her so badly, but her head was on my shoulder and I could feel the moisture from her tears soaking through my t-shirt.
"How long do you think we can be gone before the adults start looking for us?" asked Emily.
"Adults? We're adults also. I don't usually ask for permission to do anything anymore. I do give the courtesy of letting them know where I'm going and what time I expect to be back. I've been responsible since I've turned 18 and kept my word."
"Maybe it's because I'm a girl, my parents are more protective. Hopefully, they'll be fine as long as they know I'm with you and where we are."
Again, she held me in a tight embrace. "Thank you for tonight, Adam. Our parents don't exactly have their shit together either, but I'm sure you know what I'm talking about, there.
No, I didn't know what she was talking about. She soon noticed the confused expression on my face.
"Oh shit," she exclaimed. "You know, our parents. Switching partners? Especially your parents and your aunt and uncle."
Suddenly a flood of moments flashed into my mind. I had seen some things over the years but never made the assumption that it was anything revealing.
Yes, I had noticed my uncle placing his hand on my mom's ass. I noticed Dad kissing Aunt Mary on the lips.
Dad appeared to be quite affectionate with Emily's mother, Staci. I had observed both of them pat the other on the ass and had seen them exchange a kiss on the lips a few times.
Emily told me once about Uncle Willie coming over one day and walking up behind her mother and placing his hands directly on her boobs. Emily pretended to not notice and her mother admonished him about showing more discretion when others are around.
In fact, Uncle Willie was the least discreet of the group. It was almost as if he didn't care who saw him. While the other 5 attempted to conceal their "behind closed doors" behavior, Uncle Willie was much more careless.
Over the period of many years, though, it was inevitable that they would let down their guard.
"Come in the house with me," Emily said, motioning towards the front door. "I'll show you something that will blow your mind."
I obediently followed her inside. She walked towards her parent's bedroom. I wasn't sure what she had in mind.
"First of all, this discovery was quite innocent. I came into my parent's bedroom several months ago to borrow some of my mom's perfume. I saw part of a sock sticking out of my dad's sock drawer and simply went over and opened the drawer to fit the full sock inside."
"By the way, if you tell anyone about what I'm showing you, I swear I'll never talk to you for the rest of my life. Nobody else knows that I know about this."
"Anyhow, when I tried to stuff his socks back into the drawer, the drawer was full. I had to reposition things to fit them in there."
She then opened the drawer and reached under some socks that had covered up some Polaroid pictures.
"Check out these photos, if you dare."
My jaw must have dropped down to my belt. Over 40 years later, that moment is still seared into my memory.
Pictures. Over a dozen of them. Various pictures of my parents, Uncle Willie and Aunt Mary, along with pictures of Vic and Staci...all of them naked!
Various poses. Women on their backs. Men and women together. One picture of my mom with Uncle Willie's hard cock in her hand. I had no idea how to react or what to say. Finally, I thought of something. The market.
Since I had a key to the market, I had Emily walk with me to the back storage room. There was a small shoe box behind some boxes of candy. Uncle Willie had told me that the shoe box was nothing more than just a bunch of receipts he saved for taxes. I now wondered if it was hiding something else instead.
I remembered two years ago at Christmas, the three men all got Polaroid cameras for Christmas gifts. Obviously, Vic had used his to get some racy pictures, and I suspect that the others did as well.
Uncle Willie was telling the truth...partially. When I first opened the box, there were some receipts. It didn't make sense to me to save important receipts in a shoe box, but UNDER the receipts was several more Polaroid pictures. Also, the receipts were several years old. He just needed a place to hide his pics.
One was a picture of my mother with his hard cock in her mouth. A naked picture of Emily's mother with her legs spread open and Uncle Willie and Dad stroking their cocks toward her.
It was a mixture of disgust and erotic. I always thought Emily resembled her mother facially, although not quite as large up top as her mother. Her mother was a redhead also and the naked photos revealed that the red hair was consistent below the waist as well.
I had already been hard earlier when Emily hugged me for so long and so tightly. The feel of her body against me was special. I had never had a steady girlfriend, I was still a virgin, and the only naked bodies I'd ever seen was in Uncle Willie's Playboy Magazines he hid in his store room.
Those magazines were tame compared to some of the more erotic photos he had in that old shoe box...except those photos had both my naked mother and naked Aunt Mary in them.
Strangely, I never thought of my parents as sexual beings. They were in their late 40s at that time and to me, that was old. Did people still have sex at that age?
The toughest part was trying to deny that all three of those women weren't attractive. Aunt Mary's tits were huge. I knew she was large, but those pictures showed exactly how large.
I was especially turned on by the red pubic hair on Emily's mother. I couldn't say anything about it to Emily, but those pictures only made me want to see her naked body even more.
After I put the pictures back in the shoe box, we talked about all the signs that were there in front of us over the years.
Uncle Willie was always talking about Staci's red hair. He always said he married the sister with the nicest tits and that my dad got the one with the hottest ass.
That was just Uncle Willie being his usual crude self, right? I never read anything into it. I certainly didn't think he was speaking from the experience of seeing her naked ass.
My eyes were opened in many ways that night. I learned that my parents were perverts. I could never get that image of my naked mother out of my mind.
Yes, my mom was quite a looker. Still, she was my mother and seeing her in pictures posing naked with guys other than my dad was disturbing.
I locked up the market, reset the alarm, and walked back towards my aunt and uncle's house. For the first time, Emily held my hand.
Emily, Amy, and I slept on the porch that night. In fact, that was the last time I ever slept on that porch. It was a memorable night, though.
It was too warm to sleep inside our sleeping bags, so as usual, we slept on top of them. For the first time ever, Emily laid out her bag next to mine.
I was on the one end, closest to the railing, with Emily next to me and Amy closest to the side of the house.
It took a while to get to sleep. I was quiet, but I faced away from Emily and let my mind wander. The combination of shock and eroticism overtook me. I was angry at my family for their behavior yet aroused at the memory of the images of the naked pictures...especially of Emily's mother, Staci.
I wasn't sure what time in the early morning it was, but it was still completely dark, when I felt a hand brushing up against the front of my pants. I knew (hoped?) it was Emily.
I turned my head and saw her arm draped over me. Her eyes were closed, but she had a smile on her face. She knew exactly what she was doing.
I rolled over onto my back to give her easier access. She didn't disappoint me. She had my cock rock hard and dying for more.
We were on the front porch, though. If Amy hadn't been there next to us, I probably would have just gotten both of us naked and had sex right there. Instead, I had to be content to keeping our clothes on and simply enjoying what we could.
Emily opened one side of her sleeping bag facing me, and I turned my sleeping bag over so that my open side faced her.
We kissed. The sleeping bag covered our bodies from Amy's view in case she woke up, but we remained silent.
I moved my hand inside of her shirt and realized that she had removed her bra sometime after we got back from the market. I remember seeing her bra straps while there and assumed she was still wearing it.
This was my first ever feel of a real woman's boobs. The firmness of her tits and the hardness of her nipples only served to get me more excited.
I reached inside of her short pants and felt a generous amount of coarse pubic hair. I wanted to see it so badly, but the only light we had was a half moon. The nearest street light served no real purpose.
I wanted so badly to take the risk and try to have sex with her and hope my cousin Amy didn't wake up. That would have to wait, however, Emily motioned for me to be quiet and follow her.
Uncle Willie had a storage shed in the back yard. The back of the shed faced the highway that was seldom used in the early evening hours.
Emily looked inside the house. "It's 1:30 in the morning. We can stay here for a while. Even if someone drives by, they aren't going to see anything...unless they slow down for some reason."
We stood behind the shed and resumed kissing. It was even darker there than the porch was. My cock was aching to escape the confines of my short pants and underwear. Once Emily put her hand inside of my pants, I quickly pulled them down enough so she could get a better feel.
My bare ass was exposed to the highway, but nobody was using the highway. I lifted her shirt to see what I could see of her naked breasts. We spend several minutes kissing and feeling up each other's bodies.
Finally, she kept stroking my cock until the inevitable happened. She had totally removed her shirt and was standing to my side, topless while she stroked my cock until I shot several hot streams of cum onto the side of my uncle's shed.
Then it happened. A pickup truck came around the curved and drove right past us. The driver was going too fast to get any kind of view, but Emily's naked tits and my naked ass were on display in that poorly-illuminated area.
Emily smiled sheepishly at me as I stared at the poorly-illuminated vision of her breasts. We stood, looking at each other, with no sense of urgency to cover up our exposed bodies.
Rather than covering up, we stood face-to-face and began kissing lightly; with the pace getting more intense the longer we locked our lips. Another vehicle came around the curve, its lights on high bean yet going at a high speed.
Her breasts and my now-limp cock were on full display, although the driver of the car would have needed to have been looking towards us to see it. We could tell it was a male driver and that he appeared to glance our way. Still, he kept going east. If he had slowed down and turned down the street, it would have been quite embarrassing.
We finally walked back to the porch and went back to sleep. We were awakened by Uncle Willie when he used his foot to shake my shoulder.
"Looks like someone got some last night," Uncle Willie said with a smile. I hadn't realized it, but Emily's arm had draped across me during the night and when she woke up, she realized what she had done.
However, she didn't remove her arm when he made his remarks.
"Nobody got anything last night, Willie," Emily said with disdain. I knew she never cared much for him. I never saw him as a bad guy, just a guy with a dirty mind. She just saw him as dirty old man...although he was only in his late 40s.
"Whatever you kids say," argued Willie. "Adam, if you got some, you should be bragging about it, not trying to hide it."
"We fell asleep on the porch, that's all. God, doesn't your damn head ever get out of the gutter?"
"Be respectful, kid," Willie said gruffly. "Remember who your boss is also."
He had me there. I needed that job, at least for the time. However, after that remark, I became more motivated to find something else.
Nothing more was said. I took Emily to breakfast that morning. There was a little café on the road back towards the big city that had the best biscuits and gravy I'd ever had. That includes the delicious ones my mother made.
I had to get back to the market to take over at 11. It was a quiet exchange of information as Willie walked out to go home for the day. He was still pissed at me and I was even more pissed at him.
Emily spent most of the time in the stockroom. She came out to assist me if it got busy. She wasn't being paid, she just wanted to spend time with me. She also had an ulterior motive.
After getting the final gas pump readings and locking up the market, we had another barbeque at Uncle Wille and Aunt Mary's house.
It was simple. Hot dogs, macaroni salad, leftover beans, and a new batch of homemade ice cream.
Later that evening, it got real.
Emily convinced me to talk to her mother about Willie's remarks that morning. What I didn't know was how much we'd discuss. She explained how that Willie had seen Emily's arm draped over me that morning.
"Yeah, he thought that was a big deal. We all know about it now."
"Nothing happened, Mom, it was just the way we woke up. But we did have a good time last night getting to know each other. I guess you could say that we're an item, but right now, just friends."
She was technically right. We hadn't engaged in intercourse. Staci didn't need to know any more.
Emily had a very close relationship with her mother. Her mother, Staci, had been with her during her toughest times. She stood by her daughter when she had the difficult chore of telling her mother that she was pregnant.
She was right by her side during her miscarriage and the subsequent tubal. As expected, she wasn't happy with Willie's behavior, but she wasn't surprised either.
After some conversation, Emily dropped the big discovery on her mother...the pictures in her dad's drawer. I had no idea the conversation would go this far. I immediately got uncomfortable. I had seen her mother naked in those pictures. Hell, I had seen more of her mother's body than Emily's. I never saw her pussy, I just felt up the hair between her legs.
"Are you shitting me?" exclaimed Staci.
Emily explained the circumstances of how she discovered the pictures. Staci seemed to believe her, but it didn't make her feel any better.
Emily also explained her long-held suspicion that there was more than just a casual friendship with the other couples. The pictures certainly gave those suspicions a lot more credibility.
What's worse, she told her mother about showing me the pictures because I didn't believe her.
"Oh shit Emily? Really? Now he's seen my naked ass too?"
I couldn't look directly at her. I keep my head turned away as she and Emily carried on an animated conversation about the pictures.
Finally, Staci composed herself and laid out the entire truth to us.
The dynamics of the group was unique. To no one's surprised, it was Willie that first suggested swapping. Prior to that, Staci had developed a close friendship with my dad, although it wasn't a sexual relationship.
Emily's dad, Vic, was obsessed with my Aunt Mary, especially her enormous tits. Willie, for all his perverted ways, had always preferred to be with my mother. As Staci pointed out to us, she was the one woman that could make Willie behave more like a gentleman. If he got out of hand, she'd withhold sexual favors...which immediately motivated him to be less boorish.
To no one's surprised, it was Willie that initiated the discussion about swapping spouses. Although all were willing, they were all equally afraid of the long-term consequences. Staci readily admitted that she had often fantasized about my dad before they finally began swapping nearly 6 years ago.
"Adam," she began, "Lee may very well be my very best friend. Yes, we are also lovers, but he is truly a great friend. You're lucky to have him as a father. Emily, your dad is a good man also. He loves me. He's a good father and provider."
"He's just a guy that likes big tits and as you can tell, I'm not too well off in that regard. I'm not crazy about his obsession with Mary, but if he doesn't bitch at me about Lee, I keep my mouth shut."
That was a lot to take in. My dad. Banging my girlfriend's mother. Her dad, banging my aunt. The worst part is imagining Willie in bed with my mother. Yes, I'd seen the picture with his cock in her mouth, but hearing it made it even worse.
"Kids, I knew that some of our behavior would arouse some suspicions; especially Willie's behavior. Shit, that guy would always push the limits with you kids around. Grabbing tits and asses. Sneaking kisses on the lips. Rubbing his crotch."
Emily admitted to seeing Willie grabbing Staci's boobs as well as my mother's boobs. She suspected as much.
"Emily, please don't think less of me. Your father and I love your dearly. Adam, your father was happy to know that you and Emily had kind of become an item. He's always been a perfect gentleman with me. Yes, he'll sneak in an ass grab or boob squeeze sometimes, but he's much more discreet, just like Emily's dad is."
"We tolerate Willie. In some ways, I tolerate Mary. As if you hadn't noticed, she seems to enjoy showing off her boobs. Those low-cut shirts with no bras? She knows you and the other boys look. She knows our guys look, especially Vic. You should see what those two have done when we've gone camping with them. Neither of them have any inhibitions. I could tell you some odd stories, but I'll let your imagination figure it out."
She wasn't done. The shit really hit the fan when she walked with us back to Uncle Willie's house and she confronted him directly about his remarks.
"Jesus, Staci. They're adults now. They can't take a little good-natured ribbing?"
"That's my goddamn daughter you're talking to, you asshole. Whatever the six of us do together is our business and is open to fun and jokes. Leave these kids out of it."
"They're not kids," argued Willie, his voice getting sharper.
"She's still my daughter, asshole."
"Yeah, and she looks a lot like you. That's a good thing."
I snapped. I didn't like the look he gave Emily. It was pure lust.
"You get your dick any where near her and I swear I'll cut that fucking thing off," I yelled at him while walking towards him.
My mom, dad, and Vic all stood up at the same time. Mom took over.
"Willie! You and I...outside...NOW. If you don't, you can kiss your chances of ever having me in your life over."
Like Staci told us, Mom knew how to get Willie in line. Willie didn't argue. He did storm out the door and slammed it shut while mom waited outside for him.
Emily was crying. Staci was holding her hand when I sat back down next to her.
"He's always looking at me like he wants to get me in bed with him. He creeps me out," said Emily to her mother. "Maybe because I kind of look like you."
"I'm not sure he'd try," Staci answered, "but he's going to have to keep his comments to himself. If not, there will be hell to pay."
After that outburst, I was certain that I wouldn't have a job to go to the next morning. I was already thinking of alternatives. The biggest advantage of working for Uncle Willie was the proximity to Emily's house...and the free gas, of course.
While mom and Uncle Willie were outside, Staci informed the rest of them that Emily and I were aware of their sexual arrangements. She even told them how Emily accidentally found some pictures that the guys had taken. Mary didn't seem concerned.
"Well Adam, hopefully you liked what you saw. I sure ain't ashamed of what I got."
To be honest, all three women looked fantastic in those photos; although seeing my mother naked and with Willie's hard cock in her hand was very disturbing. Still, Mary did have very nice boobs and Staci really did look like an older, yet still very attractive, version of Emily.
It was time for my dad to speak up. He was like a chameleon; able to adapt to the landscape around him. It just wasn't in his nature to stand out in a crowd. However, he made a very bold proclamation to me and Emily...with Vic, Staci, and Mary listening closely.
"Kids, I mean young adults, I'm not sure how far you two have gone. None of us in this room can take the moral high ground about sexual behavior, that's for sure."
"Emily, if you want to stay at our house during the school week, you are free to do so. It's your choice to sleep on a cot or sleep in Adam's bed. Honestly, I hope you two do work out well. If Emily is anything like her mother, then you're one lucky guy."
Emily had dried her eyes by this time and smiled at me. We had already discussed having sex; we just needed the time and privacy. Dad was giving that to us.
"Same here," said Vic. "If you still have a job here, that is," he said. "You are welcome in Emily's room as long as she says you are."
"Oh, he's going to have a job. Trust me," said Staci. "If he ever hopes to see these or play with these again, he'd better just leave Adam alone.
With that comment, she lifted her shirt to show her bare breasts. Vic looked at her with astonishment, but not anger.
"Hell, he's seen a hell of lot more in those damn pictures," Staci said while laughing. "I'm goddamn serious, though. Willie better come back with some apologies and Adam better still have a job. If not, these are history to him."
Again, she lifted her shirt. This time, we all laughed, even Emily.
Mom had been outside with Willie for at least a half hour. I peeked out the shades and I could determine from their body language that mom had calmed him down. I kept taking peeks until I noticed them standing next to the porch steps...kissing passionately. I hoped that was a good sign.
Other than sex, there must have been something in my mother's voice or mannerisms that got Willie to be more submissive to her. Aunt Mary often simply let him be himself; seldom anything to him to tone down his often-raunchy rhetoric. Mom, on the other hand, could play him like a fiddle. The very second she motioned for him to join her outside, he was walking towards the front door.
They finally came inside. Willie walked right up to me and offered his hand.
"Sorry, kid...I mean Adam. Seriously, you're a good guy, just like your dad." He surprised me even more when he put his arms around me for a warm hug. "Seriously Adam, there aren't too many young folks that I can trust to run that store. You work hard and are honest. I'd be a damned fool to screw that up."
"You too, Emily. Can I get a hug from you? I promise to never get out of line again with you. What you and Adam do is none of my damn business and I never will make it my business or the butt of my jokes again."
Staci nodded at her to accept the apology and give him a hug. I watched him hug her and was satisfied that he wasn't trying to get any cheap thrills."
Willie explained that he loved all of us. It's never his desire to hurt anyone. He gets careless with his words. He apologized to the entire room as well, including Amy, who had been deathly quiet the whole time.
His tone of voice and surprising amount of humility was refreshing. I'd never seen him so contrite. Whatever my mom said to him outside must have registered well.
"Emily, we're kind of a big family here," Willie added." You're just like a daughter to me. You're attractive, and as a guy, I can't help but notice it. However, you are never in any danger around me. As God as my witness, I'd hurt anyone that tried to hurt you just as much as I'd hurt anyone that tried to harm Amy."
"I guess the secret about us is out, although it wasn't nearly as good a secret as I thought. I'm sure I'm partially to blame for that. Maybe a lot to blame for that. Maybe this was a good thing. We don't have to be so secretive and careful about things now."
Amy spoke up for the first time.
"Dad, I would prefer that you keep your contact with the ladies to just hugs and kisses. Maybe a light pat on the ass. No more boob or crotch grabs, okay? I can't speak for Emily or Adam, but I'd rather not see my parents engaging in any kind of sexual activity; even boob or crotch grabs."
Emily and I agreed. We knew it was going on behind closed doors. We didn't care to see any overt displays.
"Agreed," said Willie. "That's fair. I'll do whatever I can to make our times together enjoyable. No more shit like tonight. I promise."
Emily walked outside with me. She appeared satisfied with the results. It took a major upheaval and some threats, but Uncle Willie had been tamed; at least for the night. I sensed that it was for a lot longer.
"Let me show you my room," Emily said with a wicked smile. "Let the old folks have their fun."
"What about Amy? She's stuck in there with them."
Emily smiled at me broadly. "Believe me, she knows what I'm up to. She's not complaining."
I wanted to walk much faster to her house, but it was also enjoyable to hold her hand and steal a few kisses along the way.
She took me into her bedroom and didn't bother shutting the door behind us.
"They're not coming over. Besides, I don't care if they do see me naked. Big deal...but I'm sure we're safe."
She wasted no time undressing and letting me see her in her naked glory. This time, the lighting was more than adequate and I got to behold her unusually shaped breasts.
They were oval with brown areolas and thick puffy nipples. Although her breasts weren't large, it was quite a chore to fit a full breast into my mouth.
Her thick, puffy nipples hardened immediately to the movement of my tongue. I was so excited, yet apprehensive about what to do next. I wanted to shove my fully erect cock deep inside of her right away, but I also wanted to view and run my hands through her entire nude body.
She had short, thick, and coarse red hair between her legs and the hair reached up to less than two inches from her navel.
It was the most erotic sight I'd ever seen. I'd seen the pictures of her mother, and although she was red below as well, her pubes were much longer and fine.
Emily enjoyed the attention I was giving to her body. She savored each touch and each kiss bestowed upon her.
I finally couldn't hold back any more and put her on her back. I carefully placed the length of my cock inside of her.
I took my time getting it all in. I was enjoying the feel of a wet pussy for the first time. Once completely inside, I moved in and out of her slowly. I gradually built up speed until I could no longer stop the flow of juices shooting deep inside of her warmth.
I stayed inside of her a few minutes longer. I didn't want to remove my cock. She remained on her back as we talked about the exhilaration we had both experienced.
"No question about it, Adam, this is the first time I've ever enjoyed sex. We need to do this a lot more often. I made love tonight to someone I truly care about."
Who was I to argue? She walked into her bathroom, still naked, and got a wet washcloth and cleaned us both up.
Her bedroom door was still open. We began talking again, frequently being interrupted by kissing and touching each other's exposed genitals. One of the great things about being 18 is that a young man's cock can respond quickly after sex. I was no different.
The constant manipulation of my cock with her hand as well as kissing the head of my cock, caused it to arise for duty again.
We began another session, this time lasting longer. I had recovered, but it did take me longer to come. I learned early with Emily that the longer I can make it last, the happier she was. I also learned that most women shared that sentiment. As a young man, there were many things to learn over the months and years ahead to keep her happy in and out of the bedroom.
It was close to midnight when I heard the front door begin to open. I hurriedly got out of the bed and closed her bedroom door.
Emily laughed.
I learned that Emily had been turned on the night before when the two vehicles passed by and her breasts were on display. She didn't necessarily think she was an exhibitionist, but she didn't seem to care who saw her.
Her previous boyfriend had taken her to a mineral spa about an hour away in the canyon. It was known by the locals as a place for nudists to hang out.
Nudity wasn't required, but those that wanted to get undressed could do so without harassment or the sheriff's office being called.
Not surprisingly, the only person she expressly didn't want to see her was Willie. She had accepted his apology, but she felt it was better to not put that kind of temptation in front of him. I agreed.
Also, not surprisingly, it was my dad that had come through the door with Staci. With no more secrets, he could freely share a bed with her and not have to be so covert about it.
I wasn't sure I liked that aspect of her personality, but I wasn't ready to make such a fuss about it. I liked her too much and had fantasized about her for so long to screw it up now.
Emily got a job at a large oil company with a lease about 10 minutes north of the big city. There was a large lease that had a nice modular office with air conditioning. She would be responsible for taking care of all supply needs and accounts payable and receivable for that office. She was also the secretary and dispatcher.
I changed my career course...slightly. I finished school and became a psychologist. I got a job with the state prison system. My job site was 30 minutes from my parent's home.
Working with prisoners was both the most aggravating AND gratifying job I could ever want. I got a chance to help some good people and I had the unpleasant experiences of trying to understand some of the most despicable members of society. No need for any fancy clinical terms. Some people are just bat-shit crazy!
Emily and I married after she got the job at the lease. I worked part-time at a market in the city as well as a student loan to pay my way through school. Although I could have stayed at the market, it was easier to stay around the city.
For the obvious reasons, we never had kids, but Amy's two sons have become like our own. We started a college fund to assist them and they both appreciated the help when the time came.
Our parents?
Mom and Dad moved out to Dusty Flats. Dad sold his business. They put a modular home on the property adjacent to Emily's parents.
They remain very close friends. They are all in their 80s now, but thankfully they are still in good health.
Uncle Willie passed before his 60thbirthday. He was never a problem again, though. He suffered a heart attack while working at the market and was DOA at the hospital.
Aunt Mary sought solace with Vic, but she had become an emotional wreck. Her health declined quickly, and she was gone at 64.
Emily continued to push the envelope when it came to her naked body. On our Hawaii honeymoon, she "accidentally" had her top fall down from her breasts while we were taking a late night dip at the hotel pool. Two other couples were there at the time.
She feigned embarrassment and pulled the top back up to cover her tits. It happened one other time that night. Thankfully, the other couples were good sports about it. When we got back to our room, Emily couldn't wait to have sex. She was horny as hell.
As I got in the field of psychology in the years to follow, I began to understand the psychological part of her that had no shame in being seen naked. She grew up feeling physically inferior. She believed that her smallish breasts, red hair and freckles, and her long face was unattractive to guys.
I also understood my initial attraction to her. Maybe to others, she wasn't the hot-looking babe that I saw. I saw my cousin's friend. I saw someone my cousin trusted. I saw myself as average at best.
I always assumed she had guys all over her at school. She must have been one of the "cool" girls that could hold out for the hottest guys. What chance did I have?
When Emily first got to the mineral springs and doffed her clothes, she saw looks of appreciation for her body. When I was with her that fateful night behind the shed, she no longer had any hang ups about her nude body being on display. She thoroughly enjoyed the look of appreciation on my face.
She wasn't advertising. She didn't desire any more sexual partners. She simply accepted what she had and didn't care what anyone else thought about it. Also, I began to enjoy her exhibitionist tendencies. The more I understood it, the more willing I was to help her in her schemes to be seen "accidentally".
Sometimes her nipples would slip out of her bikini top when at a hotel pool. This was usually at night when no children were around.
I would often answer the hotel room door for room service and Emily would either be topless or completely nude in the background. I'd pretend to try to block the view of the delivery person, but of course, I was never serious about being successful at it.
It was harmless fun and it was a fun way to help spice up our sex life throughout the years.
Over the years, both her dad and my dad had seen her topless on more than one occasion. She didn't care and the ladies never complained.
She did show me where those mineral springs were. Even to this day, it's still an unofficial hangout for nude bathers. I began to enjoy it as much as she did. We were also told about a nice spot on the Central Coast of California, about 2 hours from us, that had a nude beach.
Today, that's our favorite place to be undressed in public. We also enjoy frequent trips to Las Vegas, where Emily gets to get attention with low-cut tops while not wearing a bra, and room service guys that get a peek at her naked body as I open the door to receive the order.
It's always been harmless. It gets her turned on and I'm the beneficiary. Neither of us have ever had an interest in swinging like our parents did.
It's 2019 and retirement is around the corner for us in two years. We've already bought a motor home and we plan to travel extensively across the country.
Emily? She still has very sexy breasts and is anxious to flash a few truck drivers. She looks much younger than her 60 years. Her breasts haven't changed hardly at all since we first met. Her body has changed very little. She's added a slight bit to her ass, but that's about it.
She still has that thick, coarse, patch of red between her legs. I will still stare at it with appreciative eyes. How did I get so lucky to have someone so sexy AND so sweet?
Our sex life is still strong and we're still very much in love. I'm probably one of the few men pushing 60 that can say they've only had one lover in their lifetime...and happy for it.
Emily works so hard at keeping me happy. She is pleased when she knows she has pleased me. Women like that don't come around too often. I'm conscious of the fact that I don't get too complacent. Pleasing her is a top priority for me as well.
For those that say there's no such thing as a soulmate, I strongly disagree. I can't imagine any woman as loyal and loving as she's been. I couldn't imagine having a better friend. As a lover, she still turns me on. I may not be 18 anymore, but I still enjoy an active sex life with her.
When we go to visit our parents in Dusty Flats, we drive past Uncle Willie's and Aunt Mary's old house. The new owners have made some modest changes to it, but that old front porch is still there. We still get nostalgic thinking about those simpler times as kids.
Technology has taken away many of those simple pleasures. Kids play video games and text on their phones rather than play outside. The internet has replaced interaction.
Adults spend their time on social media or binge watching on Netflix. Dusty Flats was never my real home, but I loved it there so much that I wished it was. Besides, if not for Dusty Flats, I never would have met the hottest woman on the planet, Emily.