When I walked in the bar was loud already. Not that it was getting late, or that this was such a hot spot, just a well known local dive.
That's the way I liked it. So I found the one empty seat at the bar, ordered a Heff, and began the most wonderful ritual in the world... waiting.
You can never really be sure about blind dates. There's just so much that can go wrong, such a cold start. I rather get to know a person first. And yet here I was waiting for her. What was her name, Gina? Jen? Jennifer?
Let me check my phone, there she is, Gina. Well I guess I had spoken to her once. And John seems to praise her to the moon and back so that's something. In our one encounter she seemed distracted, pretentious.
Not really my style, then again she agreed to meet me here, and I'm assuming that's not really her style, so I've got to give the girl credit.
I looked up from my beer and felt the gaze of another, that little tingling sensation you feel on the back of your neck, the one that makes your heart speed up a notch.
I looked down the bar, and there she was, head on a swivel. Most likely she had been looking at me, I couldn't be sure though, her gaze meandered around the room carelessly, almost lazily. A lion that just woke up from a long nap, she was hungry, but not quite ready to hunt just yet.
Those eyes. That was the first thing I noticed. Big and round, seductive. The kind of eyes that if the Pope were watching, all she'd need do would be to batch an eyelash and he go scampering for his Viagra. No little boys today, brown eyes gets the holy pole.
I wasn't sure that she really belonged here. She was dressed just a little nicer than everyone else. A little black dress that showed off her generous assets. She wasn't skinny, but the way she held herself, she carried it well. The woman was put together and she knew it.
A vibration in my pocket snapped me back to reality, that clamor of a loud bar, the sound of a glass breaking, followed by cheers of drunken sarcastic appreciation.
"Sorry. Can't make it tonight. Something came up."
Well I guess I was right about Gina. Fucking blind dates. I put my phone in my pocket, and as I returned my attention to the corporeal world, there was brown eyes starring at me.
This time she wasn't casing the joint she was looking at me. For a fraction of a second, a devilish little smirk appeared on her face, just long enough for me to second guess that she even smirked at all. Then she turned away and her face was lost in her full, gorgeous black hair.
With an empty beer in front of me, a the lost prospect of a blind date behind me. It seemed the least I could do was make a new friend. A new beautiful, seductive, brown eyed, devilishly smirking friend.
There were no empty seats at the bar now, and it was beginning to get pretty crowded. I hailed the bartender from my seat down the bar.
"I'll have another beer, and get her one of whatever she's having. Yeah the one in the black over there."
I got my beer and waited. Held my breathe for half a minute, the bartender put the drink down in front of her. Her face wasn't that of surprise, but just that little inkling of a grin, that maybe I was just imagining. The bartender pointed over to me.
She looked over, and I raised my glass just a little off the bar. She tilted her head just slightly and got up, beckoning me to come. Well so much for a cheers, this could go either way.
I got up from the bar and watched her as she finessed her way through the crowd, the girl looked gorgeous from all angles. It was a dance to her, and she was a beautiful dancer.
She sat down at an empty table in the corner. I arrived just a second after her. She said nothing, she just glided back on the bench and and tapped the seat next to her, ever so gently, as if asking a small child to sit down.
Normally I would have been upset by the patronization. But there was something in this girls face that told me, she was neither patronizing me, nor about to treat me like a child.
I sat down next to her.
"Hi, my name's..." She held a finger to my mouth to silence me.
"No name's", she sighed, "It's better that way."
"I want to show you something". She lifted her dress just a little. Her legs were gorgeous, creamy smooth skin, so inviting, I wanted to caress them. As her dress slid up a bit more, I understood what she was doing.
I could tell she had no underwear on. I suppose the look on my face was comical, because she let out a little giggle.
"Don't worry, enjoy your drink for now." Her statement was saturated with insinuation, enjoy your drink for now, and then later...
She picked up her drink and took an elegant sip. I followed suit. I was beginning to enjoy this.
-
It had been a long day, a long week, and hell an even longer month. But it was Friday and due to grace or good fortune, or whatever the fuck you want to call it, I didn't have to work this weekend. It seems like ages since this phenomenon was even likely none-the-less here.
The bar was loud, and starting fill up. Not my usual place. Not really my style at all really. But after a few glances around the room, the menu was looking delicious. Work being what it is, a girls got to have some time to relax, and that's what this was, me time.
I took a lazy sip of my vodka soda. Enjoying the feeling of the alcohol as it warmed my body from my head all the way down to my toes, and everywhere in between.
As I let the vodka permeate my body, I felt the stress drain away. First from my shoulders, ahh they finally relaxed, a muscle I hadn't know I'd been clenching. And for who knows how long? Based on the relief this first drink was affording me, it could have been years.
My legs were next. They seemed to dangle from the bar stool, on their own volition, not a care in the world. Walking was the last thing on their mind. I could feel the heat in my thighs. It seems the vodka had done it's job, on all parts of my body.
It had been a while. When was the last time. Jesus I couldn't even remember. Months? Since Jake and I broke up. That was ten months ago! No that can't be right.
Maybe it was. Either way, that didn't matter know. I know what I want. But tonight, it's going to be something naughty, something different. What are you saying girl? What's on your mind? I wasn't sure yet, but only time would tell. I was caught in the vodka riptide, and swimming back to shore was that last thing on my mind.
"Excuse bartender. I'll have one more please."
The bar was beginning to fill up. One last empty seat at the bar. I looked to my right. All seats full, the crowd looked good.
Nothing particularly special, but with a little help from my liquid friend here I was probably going to find Brad Pitt out there tonight.
I looked back to my left. No empty seats this time. So who had sat down? And there he was. He had just ordered a drink. Look at that smile. He could flood the icecaps with a smile like that, among other things.
His blond hair reflected the soft dim light of the bar, and gave him an angelic type quality. His shirt was unbuttoned just enough that I could see the beginnings of his chest. He went the gym a few times a week, that much I could tell.
Hmmm I want to see more. He sat down carelessly back into the seat, he reached into his pocket. His green eyes glinted off the soft blue incandescent glow of a cell phone. Who was he talking to? No matter, time indeed would tell.
I continued my gaze around the room, I had some planning to do. I had gotten his attention, I could feel his eyes, his gaze on me. It felt good, empowering, sexy. I didn't have to look at his face to know the wanton look that was displayed upon it.
Back to the riptide. I definitely had some planning to do. And it was going to have to be quick. I could feel the room warming up around me, from the inside.
I looked over and as our eyes connected I gave him the slightest hint of smirk. And went back to my drink. I was starting to feel good, that warm tingling sensation, in my hands, my feet, my thighs...
Another drink appeared in front of me. Ah so the plan was working. The bartender pointed down to green eyes. He lifted his glass. I lifted mine, stood, and nodded for him to follow. I worked my way through the crowd, looking for a nice table where we could enjoy each others company.
I sat down and beckoned him to take the seat next to me. He did. And as he set his beer down on the table, he looked over at me, opened his mouth and began to introduce himself.
I put a finger to his lips. They were soft and supple.
"No names. It's better that way." Was that my voice? Yes, definitely something different tonight.
I started to lift up my dress. His gaze followed the movement of my hand. He was starring down at me, taking me in. God it was so sexy, the way he looked at me. I knew how wet I must've been by now. As my dress crested my thigh, I could see the message was delivered.
All I was wearing was this dress. Nothing else. His jaw dropped just a little bit. I couldn't help but let a little laugh escape. I'm not sure that was the reaction I was looking for, but it sure will do.
I took a sip of my drink and he did the same. His gaze returned to mine, and I couldn't help but feel the electricity in the room rise, the air between us was charged.
He leaned over and put his lips on mine. His lips were soft, the taste of chapstick and cold beer. He was so muscular, yet so gentle. He put his hand on my leg, and I could feel my heart speeding up a bit.
I took his hand in mine and moved it up my leg, brushing my dress up along with it. I knew what I wanted, and now, so did he. His hand moved across my already hardening clit, teasing it out, ever so gently.
Our tongues were wrapped in each others now. The room was spinning, rotating around us. We were the center of the universe at this very moment.
His finger glided inside me effortlessly. It felt so good, exactly what I needed. He was moving in and out of me slowly, stroking my clit with each motion. It felt so good, but that just wasn't going to cut it. I needed more.
"Let's go outside."
He broke off his kiss. He took my hand and we stood up from the table. As I stood up, I was aware the whole bar could see what green eyes had just seen, just felt, under my dress. That only made me more excited.
After a few steps the dress began to fall. The cotton felt good against my wet clit, rubbing just a little with each step.
We stepped outside into the warm summer night. I looked both ways, there was an alley way to our left. That would do. What I needed, I needed now.
I took him by the hand and started walking. First down the sidewalk, then turning the corner to the alley way. He hadn't expected that turn, and he hesitated, but only for a fraction of a second. We walked down into the dark, passing a dumpster on our left.
He left go of my hand, why would he do that? Then I felt his strong grasp around my shoulders, he lifted me up, pushing me into the wall behind the dumpster. His lips connecting with mine.
Not gentle this time, forceful, lustful. This is what I wanted. I needed to be taken. His hands were in my hair, and my hands were on his cock. I had undone his pants, reached in and grabbed my prize. And a prize it was. Perfectly shaped, perfectly sized. He was big, but not too big, I knew he would fill me up, just right.
As his hands snaked through my hair and our tongues continued their erotic dance. I couldn't take anymore. His cock was rock hard in my hands, and I needed it inside me.
"Fuck me. Please fuck me." I implored him.
He smiled back at me. He took my shoulders in his hands. He spun me around, I was facing the dumpster now. I started to bend over, raising my skirt allowing him to give me exactly what I needed.
Oh my god he felt so good. I was so wet, he slipped inside me effortlessly. His manhood filled me up, all the way to my depths, right where I needed it.
As he began to move in and out of my I could tell it wasn't going to take much. It had been far too long, and he was hitting all the right spots. I could feel the orgasm creeping up on me, I could see it, just in my peripheral vision now, coming more into focus with each thrust.
My surroundings melted away, the dumpster I was holding onto for dear life, afraid that if I were to let go, my legs wouldn't be able to support me. The dark alley way next to the bar we had just left, we could have been on a beach in Aruba for all I knew.
There was only one thing that I could focus on, and it was right in front of me now, blinding me, tunnel vision, encompassing me. I was about to cum.
I was thrusting back against him, wave after wave of pleasure. I was cumming in torrents now, I could feel him deep inside me. He grabbed my face, covered my mouth and continued to pound me. I must have been screaming, hell why not. It felt so good. As his hand covered my mouth, I felt even naughtier, had I attracted a crowd.
I couldn't even see two feet in front of my none the less to the street. But in the back of my mind, I sure hope I had. Everyone should feel this good.
I was still cumming, with each thrust and stroke, I could feel my legs starting to quiver, to shake, to wobble, even with the assistance of this dumpster, I wasn't going to be able to stand much longer.
He must have sensed it, because he let go of my face and wrapped his arm around my waist, leaning back and supporting my weight. He slowed his rhythm and lifted me up slowly. I was enjoying the last waves of my earth shattering orgasm.
I hadn't cum like that in years, and I was sure that his cock, that perfect masculine cock, was coated in my juices. My cum was running down my legs and probably his too.
I leaned back over and kissed him, passionately. He had down an amazing job, and this kiss said so, without saying a word. He wrapped me up in his warmth. His arms enveloping my chest. He was still inside and god damn did he feel good. As hard as ever!
"I want you in my ass. Can you do that?"
Shocked at first, then lust took over his face, he nodded in response. That's what I wanted to see, give me what I want, what I need, and I need that perfect cock inside of me.
"I want you to eat my ass first."
He slid out of me gently and as he did, I positioned my self to do the forbidden act. I grabbed hold of my dumpster, backed up a little bit, stuck my sexy ass in the air and leaned forward just a little bit more.
Presenting him with the prize flower he had earned. His tongue circled around my hole sending electric shivers running through my veins. Oh god. I was about to let this man enter my forbidden hole, here of all places, in an alley way.
He was working me with his tongue, massaging my hole, working his way in, drenching me in his saliva. And damn, did it feel good. I knew I was going to cum again, and soon.
I stole a glance upward, looking out at the street. It was dark, there was no moon in the sky, but I could clearly see the faint outline of two or three bodies. Lining the street, their gaze inward toward us.
Did they know what they were about to see? No matter, they were going to enjoy the show.
His tongue felt so good, but it was time for the real thing.
"Put your cock in me, slowly." I cooed.
It had been so long, I knew this was going to be intense, but nothing could have prepared me for how intense.
His cock stood at attention, just outside my back door, my juices and his saliva co-mingling to allow him entry to my deepest recesses of pleasure.
He entered inside me. Just a twinge of pain. He stopped their for a second. Good he had done this before, this was going to be even better than I thought.
He eased his way inside me. His cock was sending shocks through my whole body. He should have been fully inside by now, but he just kept going.
There was more?! He was filling me up. I could feel my clit throbbing, needing to be attended to. I needed him to fuck me, to make me cum.
He was deep inside me know, all the way. His hand moved back around my waist, but not to support my weight this time.
This time his hand reached around between my legs and found my clit. His cock filling me up and his hand gently caressing my clit.
As his cock started to move slowly in and out of me, filling me up each time, couldn't take it anymore every flick of my clit, I could feel throughout my whole body. I was going to cum in his hand.
He was moving faster now, pounding me. I could feel the soft flesh of my ass absorbing the shock of his body pounding into me. Every stroke of his cock was hitting all the right places. His constant assault on clit continued till I could not take it anymore.
It was too much. I felt the orgasm wash over me. Oh my god, it was too much, my legs were shaking, my whole body was on fire, I couldn't breathe. But I couldn't stop.
My body was taken under by a wave of pleasure. I could feel nothing else, and I kept cumming allowing myself to have the world around me white out. All I could feel was him.
I was in his arms. He wasn't inside me anymore, that much I could tell. I couldn't walk, my legs were jello. He had caught me in his arms. With the last bit of energy I had left I smiled and looked up. He smiled back down at me. That beautiful, warming smile.
"That was amazing" he whispered.
He leaned down and kissed me, passionately, gracefully. We stood there and held each other for a minute. There was nothing else I could do but wait there in his arms. The only place I wanted to be.
As my senses started to return, my legs, began to stop their trembling, I noticed the crowd that had gathered around the street. Much more than two or three. Good, I hoped they had enjoyed that as much as I did, although I doubt that was even possible.
Beyond the crowd appeared the drab yellow that told it was time to go home. I took his hand and started walking, past the crowd. Past the wanton stares and flabbergasted looks. Yellow Cab #169. That seemed so fitting. The night wasn't done just yet.
-
We held each other, standing there, next to the dumpster. She was drained, I was too. I had never worked so hard, wanted to work so hard, if it was even work at all. It was effort exerted in the pursuit of pleasure, that's definitely not work.
No, tonight events fell into a category all of their own. I held her next to me, our warmth, our glow intertwining in each others. I wasn't sure where she stopped and I began.
I felt her stir, she looked up. Something had caught her eye, a movement in the street. My gaze followed behind her's. Looking past the crowd that I knew had been forming, how could it not have, she was so loud.
God I loved the way she screamed in ecstasy... at least I got a hand over her mouth... I noticed that a cab had pulled up in the street, just past the crowd. She broke our embrace. My hand in hers, she started walking out to the crowd, past the crowd, up the the cab.
We got in and she told the cab driver where to go. Some cross streets on the other side of town? Maybe the other side of the world. It didn't matter and I didn't care. I was starring at her.
Her hair tousled, disheveled. As she sank back in the seat, my gaze drifted down her. I could see the sheen that had collected and now glistened, all the way down her gorgeous chest. She was gorgeous, she possessed a glow about her, something you just don't see very often, she was bright, alive.
Her eyes were closed, her hands at her sides, exhausted. I leaned over and kissed her, first on the lips, lightly, then down her neck, her head obliged my actions and tilted to the side, a soft moan escaping her lips.
I kept going, down her breast, down to her dress. I moved her dress aside, exposing her voluptuous rack. I couldn't help myself. I leaned down and took a nipple in my mouth, letting my tongue snake around it, teasing her.
I went back and forth, kissing, nibbling, licking, teasing all the flesh she had to offer. Her moans, were constant now, a primal purring being released through clenched teeth.
She pushed me back, suddenly, harshly. She threw me back onto the seat, with a strength I didn't know she could have possessed, much less possessed in her current state. I looked into her eyes.
They glinted with daring, and conviction. That same almost grin, stretched across her face. Daring me to ask what she was doing. Time would reveal soon enough, this woman was on a mission.
She reached into my pants, fly left undone, she undid my belt, exposing my rock hard cock to the patrons of all back seat cab hook-ups. She looked up at me again, holding me in her hand. Her eyes, she was hungry, wanton.
Huskily she commanded me, "I'm going to make you cum." Her tone had such fervor, she could have to me she was inventing cold fusion right here. I would have simply nodded in agreement.
She took my in her mouth, gently, slowly, just a little at first. She ran her tongue along the underside of my shaft, reveling in the face of ecstasy I knew I was showing.
She was teasing me, her one hand on my balls, playing with them, her other holding me so she could make her oral assault.
Her tongue broke contact, and I looked down, just long enough to see her dive in. She took me in her mouth with an exuberance I had never seen before.
She was taking long slow strokes, going deeper and deeper each time, sucking and slurping. She was not quiet nor neat. This girl was going to town and there was nothing anyone could do about it. Not that I could complain.
I looked up, savoring the sensation she was providing for me. I looked into the rear view mirror, and sure enough, there he was, the cabby, with a big smile on his face.
I returned the smile and re-focused my thoughts on the amazing pleasure this girl was providing me with. She was going faster and faster now.
And I was ready to give her what she wanted, what she needed. Each downward stroke seemed a little harder, a little rougher, this girl was using her mouth to fuck my dick. And it felt amazing.
I couldn't take anymore, she felt too good. I was going to cum.
"I'm going to cum." I told her.
This only intensified her actions, she was crazed now. She knew how close she was to her prize. I felt my orgasm boiling up inside me. I couldn't help but thrust back against her crazed oral assault.
I was cumming. She took me all the way into her throat. All the way down, sucking me, squeezing me until all the cum was drained from my cock.
She sat back up. She looked at me, took the back of her hand and wiped her face. She gave me that almost grin again.
"You were delicious honey."
She opened the door, and got out. I couldn't move I was so drained. We had been stopped for at least a minute, but I hadn't even noticed it.
Well, thank you Mr. Cabby. She turned and started to walk away. Shimmering under the street light, she stepped out of the strange orange glow and into the darkness.
It occurred to me, I didn't even know her name. Perhaps it was better that way.