Note: Hello again! Sorry about the long wait. First there was exams, then all that holiday crap, and then back to school crap. But I'm here. I've been reading your comments and feedback, don't worry, you were not forgotten.
An aside, I was pretty sick for a while there as well, which got me thinking - what would happen if I just up and died. No one would know, this whole literotica thing is a secret for me and anonymous from you. You guys would probably just think I quit. I wonder if any of my readers have died. Or worse, one of the commenters. By the way - here's a quick plug for the literotica comment system - you don't have to sign up or anything, at the end of a story you can rate a story and comment on it without having to give any information to the site whatsoever. Which means you have no excuse not to comment. I'm sorry I took that away from you.
Anyways, I took a few suggestions into account - namely some more information about her power and it's limits, and some live exhibitionism. You're welcome. Also, I understand that some people wondered why I took Aria out of the action for the last chapter (and this one, to a degree). Well, since there is still a shred of plot and character development to this supernatural porno, I found having these essential. They may be a bit aside from the teen drama, but at least they're exciting. And it leads back into all that, don't you fret.
Anyways, a new year has begun. Join me in abandoning any and all resolutions you made this January and jump back into the smutty adventures of our favorite Time fiend.
*****
Aria was feeling hot in all senses of the word. The warm spring air had her feeling the prickle of tiny beads of sweat on the back of her neck. She was dressed to kill in a tank top and skirt that showed off her long legs, which only looked longer thanks to her recently acquired fuck-me heels. And to top it off, she was horny as hell.
Her horniness was the one constant in her life since puberty. When she was angry or sad, she could touch herself and bring a smile and a moan to her lips. When she was happy, why not celebrate it with an orgasm or two? Currently she was in an odd place. She had discovered that she had the ability to stop time. She was still riding on the high of that revelation. But with that power had come some mistakes and unfortunate circumstances - she now had a cheerleading nemesis, the rumor had spread at high school that she was pregnant, videos of her having bathroom sex had surfaced on the internet, and she had caught her own older brother jerking off to them. So naturally, lots of sexy bullshit had been going on lately.
Aria decided to just let her emotions break loose. She was out on the town and ready to look for trouble, or fun, or anything to get her mind off of things - or onto/into her body. It was a bit of a power trip, she liked the attention. She needed it. Her tits jiggled as she walked, unencased by a bra. Her pebbled nipples poked proudly through the fabric. She swayed her hips as she walked, drawing eyes.
A couple walking past her, holding hands caught her attention. The girl was eyeing her judgmentally, the guy was committing her voluptuous curves to memory. Aria made a sudden turn, pretending to be distracted by her phone and bumped into the pair. "Watch where you're going!" shrieked the girl. Aria tumbled to the ground with the guy. She froze time and manipulated the situation so that when they landed, Aria was lying with her body pressed on top of his.
"Mike are you okay?" the girlfriend asked.
Aria moaned as if she were in pain, though it sounded more like a sexy gasp as she lifted her torso and ground her bare pussy into his jean covered crotch. Mike's eyes locked on the two bumps in the fabric of her top that stretched out stiffly to greet him
"Sorry," Aria lied. "Oh!" She gave a little jump. "Looks like you don't mind too much" She swung her hips forward and back over his crotch a couple of times so that the girlfriend would notice the betraying stiffy he was sporting.
Aria froze time and retrieved a box of condoms from her purse - ribbed for her pleasure. She undressed Mike's cock and slipped the rubber on. Then she mounted him and slid his penis into her wet pussy. She fucked him selfishly, stopping before reaching her orgasm. She slid off of him, removed the condom, zipped his pants up again, and settling back into her position.
Aria was edging herself. She didn't just want to get off quickly. Being rushed didn't matter because She could fuck herself literally anytime. She wanted to get off not from herself or some toy. She wanted to get off on power. Aria resumed time, watching (and feeling) the pleasure fog over his eyes.
To a girl unaware of time warping before her eyes, such as this poor gentlemens girlfriend was, it would seem that some ex-girlfriend slut blonde had paraded up to her man, flirted a little and managed to make him jizz in his pants. It fucking took like a twenty minute blowjob to finish him off, usually. Fuck. The girlfriend, Tina, raised her arm to slap the ho. Aria froze time and gently turned Tina's head away from herself and onto Mike. Redirected, Tina slapped Mike for being a ho. These bitches were both hos. Fuck. Tina out.
Tina sashayed away indignantly. Aria winked at the confused man and followed suit. Mike stood there looking after the women wondering what the hell just happened.
What next? Aria asked of herself. Aria noticed a tense looking woman on the phone. Some sort of businesswoman, based on the attire, even if it was a weekend. Aria walked behind her, keeping pace as the woman trotted down the street, her heels clacking frustration. "Aaron, the shipment was supposed to be here last week. It's YOUR job to contact them, not mine. Get your ass in gear..."
'Ass,' huh? Aria frize time and fished something special out of her purse she had been holding onto since wednesday.
Miranda was sick of Aaron's incompetent bullshit. Fucking nepotism. He only got the job because he knew a guy who knew a guy or some bullshit. Frankly he ought to have been fired months ago, but that bimbo at HR was infatuated with him so why the hell would he be fired? God, these people were going to give her grey hairs. Miranda had a date tonight, but it was looking like she was going to have to cancel for the third time. At least there was always tindr, the 'last hope' dating app.
Miranda stopped. She had to use the facilities, now. She didn't realize she had been holding it in. It felt like she was prairie dogging already. Her rosebud was trembling. No...vibrating.
A small butt plug with vibration tickled Miranda's round cheeks. And she was not enjoying it.
"Miranda? You there?"
"I'll call you back." She hung up. What happened? Did someone...? She needed to get somewhere private.
Aria realized her mistake. Of course a random buzzing in your butt would be more of a surprise than a turn on. She tucked her head down and stared at the lock screen on her phone as the office woman looked around, trying to see if someone had violated her.
Miranda squealed and jumped. It felt like someone had just pounded and invaded her vagina. It was sore and there was something vibrating between her panties and her labia and what the hell?
Aria cringed to herself. Not the reaction she had expected. The office woman must have been too tense after her first slipup for her usual time-stop-finger maneuver to work. The stimulus must have been too physical and not sexual. Fuck, what now?
Miranda was wondering if her phone had somehow slipped into her slacks when a third odd sensation overwhelmed her. Her breasts felt like nirvana. Her nipples tightened and her chest seemed to be something aside from her. It was like she had been milked and carressed and ooooh yeah, the sensation spread from her breasts out to the rest of her body.
Aria had spent a lot of time wondering how to make the milf cum. She just didn't seem to be responding to touches down below. She had actually undressed the office woman completely and paced around the nude body for a good while before settling on her move, to stimulate the woman's large breasts.
It made sense to Aria, after she thought about it some. Occasionally even Aria herself needed stimulation that didn't just focus below her waist. She thought back to her time with Lindsay in the shower, how much she was shocked by Lindsay's mouth suddenly on her breast. Maybe she could recreate that same aching feeling for her latest subject. So Aria placed her lips onto the lowest point of the milf's neck, starting a bit above her target. When she latched on, Aria decided she should not only suckle, but that she should also use her teeth. She liked the idea of biting her lightly, really indulging in her power over the frozen woman. It also amused Aria to think that she was going to leave a somewhat noticeable hickey on her. Even though the milf would experience all the feeling at once, and it would fade away soon after, Aria could still leave her mark.
The buildup had begun. Aria recalled how Lindsay barely prepped her body when the same was done to her (she hadn't needed to) so hopefully this would be enough. She opened her mouth and let out a hot breathe. She began to lick and nibble her way up to just below the chin. Then she used one long slow lick to find the milf's left areola. Aria planned for the nipple to be her final destination, so she made sure she didn't actually make contact with it just yet. The anticipation was really getting to Aria, she realized that it was her trying to enjoy what the milf would still miss out on. It was too bad, she thought, that she wasn't going to feel the same buildup she would if this had been in realtime. She still kind of longed for that anticipation, but she hadn't experienced it much anymore since she discovered her abilities. Maybe that was partially why she found herself so in love with holding power over others.
Aria didn't want to hold out any longer. It was time to end this, she thought as she finally began her assault on that nipple. In a way, she was taking out some of her frustration from everything that had been going on lately. She just hoped all the attention she had put into this would be worth it. Aria alternated between sucking lightly and then biting lightly as well. Then her own passion grew to match her effort. She sucked harder, wondering when she would next experience the same feeling. As she bit this time, she used more strength. There was one more thing she could do. Aria brought her left hand up and began tracing her fingers lightly around the other breast. The next time she sucked down on one nipple, she tried to mimic the feeling by pulling on the other. And when she bit again, she pinched the other with the same ferocity. Maybe this would be enough. Aria stepped back and marveled at her work as she redressed it.
Turns out, third time really is the charm. The woman practically buckled while an amazing sensation overtook her. The sore spots between her legs were no longer pains, instead they felt like cream and sugar. Colors seemed to brighten a little bit in front of her eyes. Her tongue slipped between her teeth and a long, loud sigh slipped from her lips. A man hurrying past her gave her a second look - a pretty, middle aged woman looking like all her worries were escaping her with that breath.
The woman squared her shoulders, shook off the weird sensations that had overtaken her, and went about her day.
Aria experimented like this for the rest of the day, allowing herself sly touches here and there, feeling her arousal build with every exploit. A couple of hours later, (and slightly more hours later for Aria) the blonde girl was practically waddling like she desperately needed to use a toilet for all of the arousal she felt. Liquid coated her inner thighs, garnering glimpses from passers-by. Her nipples jutted from her top like they would tear through any second. Her clit throbbed, aching to be touched.
Aria wasn't done playing, she was having too much fun. It felt so damn good! She wanted more, she - ooooooooh, her step hitched as her folds rubbed against each other just so. God, she would cum if the wind blew too hard. She wanted this to last, but... Fuck, this much fun and sexiness needed to be shared with the goddamn world.
Now there's a thought...
A sports bar sat on a lane just off the side of the main shopping street. It was a pretty average, reputable place. They didn't have a dinner menu like many sports bars do these days, and so the customer base tended to be rather limited at six o'clock on a Saturday. Today the customer base consisted of about half a dozen men, half divorced and half depressed, ranging from age 25 to 55. They nursed their drinks like medicine and chatted about the downsides of life amicably. A sudden crash drew the eye of every gentlemen in the room. Up on the bar table was... a stripper?
Aria's heart beat frantically. Was she really doing this? Her hands shook a bit, either from the nerves or from the beating of the two cameras in the bar, or that sense of nausea that overwhelmed her briefly every time she used her ability to "teleport." No way was this outburst going to end up online.
The men were all pretty much confused, but a weird tingling feeling in the seam of their pants kept them from asking too many questions as the little bar they were in suddenly became a private gentlemen's' club. Aria swayed her hips and licked her lips, imagining their cocks swelling in their jeans, suit pants and even khaki shorts. She had already invested enough 'time' into her plan that the thought of backing out now irked her. Music played over the crackling, static-y speakers, a bit too quietly for a coordinated atmosphere. Aria was understandably not that concerned with masterfully orchestrating the scene. She had been holding it in so long now that it was get off or get out.
She ran her hands slowly down her body, from her breasts, down to her toes. As she stuck out her rear, her tiny skirt lifted up, giving the men a preview of her swollen, wet pussy. Her hands dragged up her body again, catching her shirt on the way up. She winked at her audience, and turned away from them, pulling the shirt up and over her head. The bartender, probably the most attractive man of the bunch, had the view all to himself as she twisted and swayed on the bar top.
By now, had she not individually masturbated every man in the bar to a state of sexual awe, they would have fast approached said state without intervention. Her heels clicked on the table as she turned around, but covered her breasts with an arm, teasing the majority of her crowd further.
With her free hand, she danced her fingers down her belly and under the waistband of her skirt. She slipped a finger between her sticky folds, a small shiver of pleasure trembling up her body. She slipped the glistening finger out again and licked it. She plunged the finger into her mouth, fellating it and moaning for the benfit of her rapt audience.
She was hazy with lust. Her nipples were hard nubs poking her wrist away from her body. She listened to it, revealing her plump, smooth tits to the men. "You can come closer, boys." One of the men had reached into his pocket for his cell phone, probably planning to record the erotic show. She didn't want to lose anyone's attention just because she confiscated their tech. Maybe some audience involvement would do the trick.
The men seemed hesitant to approach her. Maybe asking strangers with boners to stand up and move was presumptuous. She paused time and primed their desires - not enough to make anyone 'spill over,' and helped lift them from their seats. Gaining confidence, she trotted back up onto her makeshift stage.
She slipped the left side of her skirt down over her hip and pulled it back up again. She teased her nipples, licking her fingers and wetting them so that every breeze made them stiffen to new heights.
The lucky guys in the bar crowded to her like they had been pushed. Aria bent her knees but kept them tightly closed and lower herself closer to their eye level. She bit her lower lip seductively.
Like magic (it seemed to them) their pants fell to the floor. Their belts clanged on the floor. A couple of them were startled enough to take a step back, but again (like magic!) they felt the sweetest strings being pulled in their system, their little soldiers standing at proud attention.
When Aria stood up again, she left her skirt behind. She now stood bare in front of a crowd of strange, horny men, baring her wet mound for their leering eyes. The revelation was like a small orgasm in itself. She could barely stay balanced on her heels.
Today was about listening to her instincts, taking control of herself and listening to her desires. So she listened to her weak knees and sat on the edge of the bar and crossed her legs, much to the disappointment of the souls who had been lucky enough to see her pink core.
"Boys, I'm going to need you to do me a few favors, alright?" Those who didn't nod eagerly at first nodded vigorously, as if their consent was out of their control.
"Good. I need you two," She pointed her left arm out to the gentlemen on her left, and the other arm out to the gentlemen on the right, "to massage my breasts. They've been aching all day and need attention. But you don't mind, do you? Touching my tits for me?" Aria pouted her lips.
The men leaped into action with no need to ask twice. "Good. Now, I'm going to touch myself. But it would be embarrassing if I had to do it all alone. I need the rest of you to watch me, and touch your hard cocks while looking at my slutty body."
Aria spread her legs, revealing herself to the room. She brought her hands down to her opening and touched herself. It was glorious. Seconds after starting she was hanging on the edge of a massive orgasm, the sort that made you see colors that weren't always there. She moaned.
Fapping noises began to echo around her, and she looked at each man's throbbing, veiny lust, dripping precum. Every last one of them wanting to slam into her womanhood and hammer her like a nail. The man on her left squeezed her nipple and she cried out. Her hand flew to his and pulled it down to her wetness.
The man began to finger her, skipping any foreplay and ravaging her aching hole. Aria's vision went black for a quarter of a second, and in her ecstacy she grasped out to hold onto something. The something was his hard, hot penis. She rubbed and squeezed it in time with his finger fucking.
It was building. This amount of pleasure, she didn't think it could go better. It felt so fucking good that normally this would feel like an orgasm. But her denial of her own pleasure all day had led her body to readjust its pleasure threshold. Her hips were wiggling on the bar, grinding into the hand that was teasing her. Her legs were alternating between opening and closing. The countertop was cold and wet from her juices. Her body was hot and wet from his fingers.
She squeezed his cock as her body clenched. She started to spasm and shake like she was having an epileptic fit. Something hot spattered onto her hip. Aria's eyes widened seeing nothing and then giving her tunnel vision as she focused on the man in front of her quickened his pace and spurt his seed onto her. Fuck. That was for her, for Aria. They wanted to fuck her. They wanted to use her, breed her.
Her eyes rolled into the back of her head. Her world exploded in white, a feeling of everything that exploded at her core and irradiated nuclear "mmmm" to her whole being. Her pussy contracted, hard, squirting her cum like her juices were some of that pleasure that couldn't be contained by her writhing, euphoric body. It was the whole shebang, the toes curling, eyes rolling, clenching. She was drooling just a little, even.
As if on cue, the men at her sides latched their mouths on her nipples and sucked on them, hard. There was no more thinking at that point. No more breathing. Nothing but cumming cumming cumming ringing in her ears.
She came down from her pleasure slowly, as if she was blinking awake. Like clearing blurry vision, or like steam clearing from the air. Her ears were ringing. Her throat was sore, and she realized she had been screaming. Two men were still jacking their erections. Like she was in a daze she reached out and stroked them. They came on her face. How had she ended up on the floor, kneeling in front of them? What was she supposed to do now? Things were happening, people moving around.
Something in the back of her head, something smart, told her to hiccup. She froze time and took a nap.
When Aria woke up, her body felt limp and, simply put, really really nice. She sat up and looked around. Someone had found their cellphones where she had stashed them under a towel on a shelf behind the bar. Looks like she had frozen time... well, in the nick of time.
Aria cleaned up after herself, wiping down every surface that was clean-able. She didn't want to leave DNA evidence. Not that she expected anyone to investigate this or anything. Hardly a crime, really, and no camera evidence. Nothing broken, stolen. Just some men who got their jollies. She did wince a little at noticing that some of the men had stained shirts from being in her... "Splash zone." Fuck, she didn't peg herself for a squirter, but anything can happen, she guessed.
She grabbed her clothes but didn't put them on. They felt kinda dirty and lord knows she could get new ones. She walked out of the bar and didn't look back.
It was surreal, walking through the streets, naked and exposed to an unmoving, statuesque world. There was no sound other than her heels, and then bare feet (after disposing of the sexy but uncomfortable health hazards) padding on the ground. As she walked by people, she ran her fingers through their hair, placed her hands on their backs and shoulders. So many people. So many lives. Every single one of them with a story worth telling.
She giggled at the thought that her story was just beginning, and it was probably rated X. Interesting decisions she had made, given all the power in the world.
She spotted a beggar on a corner with an empty starbucks cup. She reached out for the nearest purse she found and transferred all the cash to his cup.
She kept strolling, looking people in the face as she went. So many expressions. Everyone dealing with their own set of problems. She passed what she assumed was a couple. She moved their hands together and intertwined their fingers.
The crowd was thick at one spot, and she moved a pair of people aside to get through. She zipped up someone's downed fly as she went. She wondered if someone later that day would have pointed it out, and if that would have been embarrassing.
At the end of the street she turned around and looked at the path she had just tread. So many people, so many things, so many nooks and crannies to look into. It would be interesting. But then again, getting all philosophical, would that be fun?
Aria felt like a weight had been taken off her shoulders. Her mind was clear. She checked her phone, her email. Messages from Lindsay and a host of others. A schoolwide email announcing another 'emergency' assembly to address the issues and concerns of last week. Hundreds of notifications on facebook.
Aria knew what to do. She just had to make a pit stop at a couple of stores before she headed home. Today was a bust. A good bust, though. But tomorrow was Aria's day. Look out world, and look out Lauren.
*****
Note (Part 2): Thanks again to my wonderful editor, the last man standing after some... editing issues. You da real MVP. Also, now a bit of an assistant writer. Yay promotion!
In other news - I've picked up a new minor in college in a field I have no experience in - Religion. So that may affect my writing (in study time and possibly content, we'll see). Would anyone care to learn the history of the Buddha? Maybe I'll have Aria convert xD
Please leave a comment telling me what you thought of the chapter and what you would like to see next. And don't worry, Lindsay and Lauren are next on the agenda. See you next time!