I want to share an experience I had a few years ago with my husband, Dave, on a long-week-end trip to Kansas City. We were staying at a motel in the northwest area of downtown. It isn't overly posh, but it's a convenient location, clean and well-maintained, not too expensive, and has a great outdoor pool. We decided to spend Saturday afternoon by the pool catching some rays and generally relaxing. Usually there aren't too many people around and hardly ever many children so it's a peaceful and quiet spot to swim, sun and have a few drinks. Because of this mix of people, I feel comfortable wearing one of my more revealing two-piece swimsuits. Not that it's all that daring; it's not a thong, but it does have two smaller triangles for a top and probably shows more of me than I'm usually comfortable with when out in public. I wore a long t-shirt that covered my bottom as my cover-up.
We went out to the pool right after lunch and there were just four or five couples sunning and enjoying the relative solitude. So, we had fun splashing around a little and then planting ourselves on two lounge chairs that we knew would have great sun all day; and a nice view out over the old Municipal Airport and the Missouri River.
After an hour or so a whole bunch of young guys came out to the pool and started having a good time swimming and sunning too. We could easily hear their conversations and quickly figured out these were new enlistees for the U.S. Army and were billeted at the motel overnight before shipping out for basic training at Fort Campbell, Kentucky on Sunday morning. Since they were all men, I assumed any female enlistees were staying elsewhere to avoid any hanky-panky. At least one of the guys had to be 21 years old, since they had a couple of cases of beer in two Styrofoam coolers and were wasting no time putting it down. The other couples were clearly not pleased with the boisterous group of beer drinkers. After 15-20 minutes, one-by-one the older couples packed up their things and went inside.
Being their age once, this didn't bother us much, and we did have some great sensitivity to and respect for their ensuing military service. We certainly weren't going to begrudge them a fun last day as civilians for the next few years.
Now I was the only woman present with an audience of probably 20 young, and most likely horny guys. They were leaving home and girlfriends behind and looking forward to spartan barracks living and dealing with gruff drill sergeants 24/7. I'm sure they'd have liked nothing more than having a bevy of college-aged, bikini-clad girls swimming, sunning, and flirting with them. But it was likely only me, in my scant top that they were going to get to see this afternoon.
The more they drank, the more their eyes were riveted on my every move, especially when I'd change position or get in or out of the pool. Geez, I was no doubt old enough to be their mother, but being the only woman present, I became the object of their incessant attention. But I must grudgingly admit there's always something flattering and maybe more than a little bit arousing about gaining the attention of 20 young handsome men. While their watching me certainly could qualify as "ogling," they weren't in any way being disrespectful, rude, or unbecoming. That fact made their attention much more welcomed and savored.
When I unhooked my top to sun my back, they were busy subtly elbowing each other to be sure no one would miss an opportunity in case I forgot it was undone and sat up. I half- expected one of them to sneak-up any minute and water-balloon me in "Where's Waldo?" style.
The "old enough to be their mother" side of me was as pretty self-conscious at first and I made sure I straightened out the bottom of my suit before I got out of the pool, and I was very careful not to let my "unhooked" top get away from me. But I was getting kind of tired of having to be so careful, so I asked Dave half-jokingly, "do you think they'd quit their 'leering' if I just showed them my tits and got it over with?"
Dave tried to play it cool and replied that "It might, or it could just encourage them to want more than you're willing to provide." I could tell Dave respected my right to maintain control of this situation, but he certainly understood and empathized with these guys' interest in me. I'd wager he would be more than a little aroused by my giving them a little show too.
The playful side of me thought more and more about these poor young guys, and what they'd be doing for the next four years in service to us all. It gave me a much more sympathetic view of their situation including their not-so-subtle interest in my partially exposed body. After all my reluctance, I had to admit this wasn't totally a one-sided transaction. I was certainly enjoying their attention, and my body parts that they were admiring were responding in-kind. So, I figured I might as well surrender to my passion and patriotism and have some fun here. Besides, there are no other "civilians" around I'll never see these guys again.
First, I left my top unhooked and untied the halter around my neck too. So, when I raised up on my elbows to talk to Dave and take a sip of my drink, my less than pendulous (36A) breasts came out of my top almost entirely. This got a lot of eyes looking in my direction, so I stayed like that for a maybe five or ten minutes while I nursed my drink. I could feel my nipples respond even more to the breeze now on them, as well as the rapt attention of 20 handsome young men.
A hotel staffer came out to check the pool chemistry and gave me a questioning look, so I hooked my top back up, tied the halter around my neck and sat up in my chair. I could see the disappointment in the guys' faces, so when the pool man left, I again untied the neck halter again and just let gravity pull the soft triangles down to just barely cover my nipples. Dave smiled while rolling his eyes with a "you've got to be kidding," look on his face.
So, I tried to appeal to his patriotism, and more pointedly to my own, by telling him these poor guys were off to boot camp and wouldn't be having much fun for quite a while, so why not make their day and give them something to remember. "No need to explain," he chuckled with another smile, "it's just cruel to get them all worked up, and continue to just tease them," he said.
That sounded like a challenge to me, so I told him to, "Go get us another drink.". As he headed to the bar I couldn't tell if he was daring me to do something more for these guys, or if he was just waiting to see how far I would go. I went back into the pool to think about it.
As he was coming back to the pool with drinks, I was getting out of the water with at least a dozen pairs of eyes on my every move. And as I climbed up the ladder at the end of the pool, I made sure that my suit bottom had somehow managed to work its way down to show the top four or five inches of my butt-crack along with lots of untanned. skin exposed. At the top of the ladder I coyly pulled the suit back into position as I turned my head to see what reactions I was getting from my admirers.
I'm sure they were a little bit embarrassed to be caught looking and quickly looked in any which direction but mine. I smiled at them sweetly to assure all was OK with their looking at me.
I couldn't help but winking at Dave as I went over to get my drink and sit back down. "Well, did that make you even half as happy as it seemed to make them?" I asked.
"I hope you didn't do that for just for me, this has to be fun for you to be fun for me," he came back and meant every word. I could tell he was serious, so I got serious too, and confessed that was I getting into showing off for those guys. "I guess there's a little exhibitionist in everyone," were my exact words. But I went on to say, "I was still a little self-conscious about performing so openly, but I'd feel a lot less guilty if I could pretend to that it was for also for your benefit."
"Enough of this philosophical stuff," Dave finally said, "I just want us both to enjoy some fun out here."
So, I laid down, back-side up and very casually unhooked and untied my top again as all those eyes focused on me again. After 5 or 10 minutes the guys had lost interest again, but I was getting thirsty again and I raised up on my elbows to take a drink, a long, tall drink. That instantly got every one of them looking in my direction to see that I'd again raised out of my top enough this time for them to get an unobstructed peek at my bare breasts right down to the nipples. I took several sips of my drink, taking my time and teasing them for all it was worth. Then I put my glass down and laid back down to an almost audible sigh from my audience.
It was getting later in the afternoon, and we were about ready to call it a day and the guys had gotten out of the pool and were drinking the last of their beer. It looked as if they had about given up on the prospect of another "show."
I rolled to my side and stood up next to the chair leaving my bikini top on my towel. So here I was standing completely topless facing these soon-to-be new soldiers. I don't think they were ready for that and a few probably missed it all together. To be fair to all of them, I paused for a few second to let everyone see me next slide my bikini bottom down and step out of it as I took my sweet time fumbling with my tee-shirt before putting it on.
As we walked past them to go back to our room, I got lots of smiles and even a few salutes from my new best friends.
Back in our room, Dave asked what had gotten into me that I was so uninhibited down there. I told him I really thought about these "kids" going into the service to do who knows all what, and if I could make their last day before basic training a little more fun, so be it. He sure couldn't argue with that.