After my fun time as an exhibitionist and talking with my aunt, I was keen to explore this new exciting side to my sexuality.
The feeling of intense pleasure, control and the confidence I'd experienced while teasing my peeping Tom neighbour was something I was keen to repeat.
As I'd said previously, I liked the attention that I got from the students at college.
Not being used to male attention, being educated in an all-girl boarding school, the glances and comments had been both surprising and flattering. I was now wearing slightly shorter skirts, sitting at mid-thigh instead of knee-length, tighter tops or cream, white blouses that gave a hint of bra if it was a slightly darker shade.
My aunt had noticed the difference, at breakfast, the following week, she mentioned my 'new look.'
'You're dressing more confident recently,' she said, sipping her coffee, adding.
'Since your little adventure.'
She smiled as I felt myself blush.
'It's nice you're exploring what excites you, and it's nice to dress sexy. I guess you're finding pleasure in the attention.'
I said I was and added. 'I'm still nervous, though, which stops me from getting carried away.'
She laughed at this.
'There is no getting carried away, as long as it's fun for you, but there is being sensible, safe and subtle.'
'The secret of a tease is to let them half imagine what they've seen.'
'It's half the fun, the control.'
'That, is she, isn't she moment of, did I just see that?'
'Men are happy with the thought they might have seen a bare cheek...'
She paused, sipped her coffee again, smiling over the top of her glass as she added.
'Let alone a brief glimpse of pussy.'
Gathering her bag, she said. 'Let's shop.'
The first call was a large department store.
We wove our way to the lingerie and stopped at a rack of thongs.
I'd only worn what might be called 'normal' panties.
Apart from a high cut pair, that gave the illusion I wasn't wearing any underwear from a side view.
If I'd lifted my skirt to the hip, that is. I'd only done in the confines of my room, in front of the mirror. And once in the ladies at college, daring myself to do it somewhere, I'd be seen, not yet having the nerve to do it, despite a tingle between my legs, butterflies in my stomach.
Auntie picked out several pairs of thongs, some simple, others lacy and sheer.
With a smile and, 'ahh, there we are,' she examined a tiny pair.
The colour of which described as 'nude' on the label.
She dangled them from a finger, a naughty look on her face.
'These are so much fun, the slightest, 'flash' will have poor guys convinced they have seen 'everything' when all they've seen is panties.'
She added matching bras to the thongs and paid, despite my protests that I should.
"My tutoring, my treat.' She said over a coffee.
'We are so much alike, you and I.'
I felt flattered at that.
'I want you to experience all the delights and thrills of being a strong, confident lady, someone who's not afraid to explore and enjoy sex.'
'So many don't, settling for what's considered normal, decent, so boring.' She said sadly.
We continued shopping, and next, she picked out several tops of the cliche, secretarial type, sheer, silky, cream, white, off white blouses, some loose, some fitted.
It wasn't far from what I usually wore, pretty much my usual 'look,' although not usually so see-thru.'
'The right lace bra under these will look stunningly sexy.' She said. 'The white one with this white balconette bra will give a real treat to some lucky man.'
She held them up.
'Just sheer enough to give a hint of nipple in the right light, the dark subtly showing through, and just light enough to tease the shape of the breast, the contrast of skin spilling over the top of the white lace.'
I was a little embarrassed, excited, and wondering about my aunt.
She was private about her life, had never married, was hugely successful, yet grounded, living well, with nice things. She never attached or committed to anyone she dated and never brought anyone home, usually ending her evenings at a hotel.
When I'd asked her why, she'd just tapped the side of her nose, winked and said, 'neutral ground.'
Next, we shopped for skirts.
'Short is good,' she said.
'But it's easy to look desperate, like a tart if it's too extreme, giving too much away spoils the tease.'
'Top of the thigh, just an inch or so under the buttocks, is such a thrill, it takes real care not to show anything, remembering to keep the knees together when stooping to pick things up or sitting down takes effort.'
She had that naughty smile on her lips again.
'Reaching up or bending over a desk is such a risk.'
'Guys will be glued to you, waiting for that slip, almost holding their breath in anticipation. It's tense and exciting, empowering because you control what they see. It's also a thrill because you have to be so controlled and aware of 'slip ups' if you don't want to put on a show.'
She licked her lips, eyes sparkling, a slight blush to her cheeks.
'The fun of the nude colour panties isn't just in giving the impression they've seen more than they have.'
'It's slipping them off later, then giving the same teasing glimpse between your legs.'
My heart raced a little at the thought.
'The next time, holding the pose, making it that fraction longer before you bring your knees together.'
'The look on their face when they realise they were mistaken, but wow, not this time, the lust there, the animal desire, it's a rush.'
She gave a little laugh.
'You can be certain they'll be masturbating later, remembering your pussy, fantasising about how they'd take you, as they cum in their hand.',
I have to admit I was a little turned on. My auntie frowned, thoughtful.
'Are you shocked?'
'No, I was just thinking of how it would feel if they were to cum on me instead of in their hand.' I answered honestly.
'Oh, interesting, we seem to have found a kink,' she said.
I explained again how turned on I'd been when the neighbour's lad had suddenly cum, splashing my panties and belly.
'And you'd like him to do that again?' She asked.
'Yes, well, not specifically him, someone, I just liked that moment...' I trailed off. 'Does that sound bad of me?'
My aunt laughed, 'not at all. It's something I enjoy in a tease; at least you can't get pregnant.'
Again I blushed. 'I'm not ready to have sex, auntie, not yet. I want to explore every possibility that leads up to it, understand more about the things I liked that night.'
'Being seen, watching, being in control.'
She patted my arm.
'Sensible, and you have the right attitude, find out what pleases you, and never, ever compromise.'
She walked to another row of skirts.
'Mid-thigh, pleated are fun too, not as obvious as a short skirt, they tend to flip up in a breeze which is nice, the fun is in resisting the urge to hold it down, going with the happy accident, innocent nature of being exposed.'
'They ride up the leg nicely when bending over or reaching something down from a shelf or being careless crossing legs. And paired with the nude thong...'
She left that hanging and gave a wicked grin.
'Same with a wrap-around skirt, the possibility of innocent 'wardrobe accidents' are endless for an inventive, adventurous lady.'
We strolled to the checkout. I stopped to try on a jacket that would compliment the skirts.
'For a young lady, your dress is quite professional, a real business lady image, all of all these outfits will look sexier than you usually wear, but not too obvious.'
Again she insisted on paying, and we deposited the bags in the car.
'Lunch, I think,' she said, and we made our way to a lovely pub/restaurant tucked away from the main high street.
We both chose the chicken salad with a glass of white. Aunty sipped at her drink because she was driving but called for more wine when my glass was almost empty.
It was cool, crisp and I soon had a pleasant tipsy buzz.
Through dinner, we'd again gone over my experience with the neighbour. I explained my desire to "flash' and my chickening out with the high cut panties.
I also said I'd like another opportunity to watch a guy masturbate.
Auntie squeezed my hand. "You're serious about having fun, exploring possibilities?' She asked excitedly.
I nodded, 'Of course,' I frowned, 'what are you up to?'
She stroked my hand and asked. 'Have you noticed the guy in the corner checking us out?'
I looked around without being obvious and saw a young guy, slim, clean-shaven, wearing a black polo shirt with the pub logo on the sleeve. He was finishing a sandwich, so I guessed on a break.
She pointed to the restrooms. They were unisex single rooms containing a toilet, sink and progressive for the time, although common now, with the whole gender thing.
'Wait for me there.' She said.
I needed to pee after the wine anyway. So I walked around the side of the bar to the toilets.
It was pretty quiet. My aunt, myself, a couple and a few staff were the only people in there, it being early afternoon, between office lunches and the evening rush.
Which was fortunate because I guess no one saw my aunt guide the slim guy to the toilet, ushering him in as I tried to exit.
She flipped the lock on the door, and I just managed to get a "what...' as she interrupted.
'This guy would like to help you with what we were talking about.'
She held up a hand, 'of course you don't have to, but the opportunity is there, so...'
I stood stunned for a moment, then, not sure if it was the wine or our chat, I said.
'What are we talking about here?'
She took the guy by the shoulders from behind, leaning in to peck him on the cheek, and said.
'He's kindly agreed to play along with your desire to watch a guy masturbate.'
She grinned wickedly.
'As long as you give him something to look at.'
She nudged the lad, 'take it out and show her.'
'But...' he stammered.
'Oh, I'm staying to make sure you don't try anything other than what we agreed.'
'And what exactly was that?'
I said.
'For him to do the same thing as the neighbour.' She smiled.
'Here?' I whispered. 'And with you watching?'
'If that's ok, or I can leave you with him, or we can just go.' She added.
'No, it's fine. I can see it would be safer with you here.'
I could see he was turned on already, being in here with two women; he shifted uncomfortably, adjusting the bulge in his trousers.
I could also see the desire in my aunt's eye, the subtle flick of her tongue wetting her lips.
Without another word, I slowly unbuttoned my blouse.
Next, I unzipped my skirt, started to slip it off, then stopped.
'Well?' I whispered, my voice husky with anticipation. 'Are you going to take it out?'
He quickly undid his trousers, kicking them off, grabbed his penis and pulled it over his boxers.
Slipping off my skirt and blouse, I leant past him to hang them over the hand dryer.
His cock twitched as my hip brushed against it.
My heart raced as I stood in front of this stranger, wearing just my bra and panties. I knew the panties clung and that my nipples poked out against thin cotton and brushed a finger over them.
My aunt, who was close behind me in the small room, said quietly.
'Why don't you let him do that, like that night.'
I nodded, and that was all the invite he needed.
He pinched a nipple gently through my bra, then cupped and squeezed my breasts in turn.
It felt nice. I was staring intently at the other hand, working with ever-faster strokes over a growing member, fascinated by the angry-looking tip and the clear goo, oozing and coating his fingers and shaft.
I moved closer and angled his hand so that the tip of his cock touched my panties, causing a little damp spot, then guided his movements, my hand over his, rubbing it up and down, making them wet and clingy, moulded to my mound.
My aunt whispered, 'trust me, you'll like this,' and gently turned me, so my back was to him.
I felt the damp tip of his cock touch a buttock and jumped a little.
He let out a little gasp of pleasure as my aunt gently took his hand from his cock and guided us together so that the shaft lay against me, upright between my buttocks.
At her urging, he reached around and cupped my breasts, rubbing and pinching the hard nipples as he thrust against between cheeks.
The high cut panties exposed much of my buttocks, and his grinding pushed them further into me. The feel of his hard, slick flesh against the soft skin was delicious.
It felt so good, without thought for my aunt or the stranger, I slipped a finger down the front of my panties, playing with my clit.
I caught his reflection in the mirror, wide-eyed, watching me play as he cupped a breast, squeezing it hard, moving his other hand to my stomach, pulling me harder against him.
It felt natural to push my hips back, meeting his thrusts, so close to orgasm, the stranger, the public nature of the location and being watched were too much. I let out a small gasp of pleasure.
Suddenly my aunt took my shoulders and turned me to face him, his slick cock brushing across my buttock and thigh, leaving a slimy trail.
She slapped his hand away and grabbed his cock, pounding away furiously, finishing him off, as he gritted his teeth in pleasure.
I noticed that her skirt was hitched up, over her wrist, her other hand moving between her legs.
She caught my eye and whispered, 'sorry, it was too much, I had just to.'
The guy went ridged as he reached a peak, letting out a grunt, streams of cum pumped out from his pulsing member, hitting my panties and thigh.
I quickly grabbed his cock from my aunt, pressing the tip against my panties, as I had the neighbours son, rubbing the pulsing head against my clit, making him hiss air between his teeth. He grabbed my hips and thrust at me.
Cum soaked my panties, belly and thighs. A second orgasm made me shudder, forcing me to hold onto his shoulder with my free hand to steady myself, panting into his neck, the inside of my thigh twitching, my pussy soaking from the results of our excitement.
The stranger was also panting, the last dribbles leaking from his softening cock onto my leg as I pushed him away.
Taking the hint, he turned, pulled a tissue from the dispenser and cleaned up. However, he stopped as my aunt; still a little breathless, touched my shoulder and whispered.
'I sometimes give them my panties to clean up with and keep as a souvenir.'
She smiled.
'Besides, they're usually too much of a mess to wear.'
I hesitated for a moment.
No man had seen me naked up close before.
He'd paused with the wad of tissue in his hand.
My stomach doing flips, I quickly slipped off the damp, sticky panties and held them out to him.
His eyes were glued to the sparse, neatly trimmed hair and the hint of slit, my thighs were squeezed tight together, so there wasn't much for him to see. Still, the look in his eye as he reached for my panties sent a little shiver through my belly, and I wanted more of that feeling.
Nervously I stepped my left foot out, parting my thighs slightly, opening myself up a little, offering the briefest of glances between my legs.
I was shaking but thrilled as he gazed at my pussy. No, cunt, cunt was the word needed because of how daring and slutty I felt.
Taking the wad of tissue from his hand, I wiped some of the mess from between my legs, using my hand to hide my most intimate parts again.
My aunt broke the spell by saying quietly but firmly.
'Thank you, but it's time to go.'
He quickly finished wiping down, pulled on his trousers and backed out of the door, tucking my panties in his pocket.
His eyes never left my body, even as he mouthed, 'thanks.'
My aunt and I cleaned up, and I learnt another valuable lesson.
'Always carry tissues and wet wipes if you're going to be adventurous, as there's not always a sink handy.'
From experience, I learnt she was right, so now I'm never without them.
It wasn't until I was fastening my skirt that I realised I'd be walking around pantiless for the first time.
It was something I'd wanted to try but not had the nerve. Now I had no choice.
My aunt put her hand on my shoulder and smiled, 'You ok?'
I smiled back
'More than ok,' I planted a peck on her cheek, 'thank you.'
We left the restaurant, walking slowly back to the car, a slight breeze ruffling my skirt. I liked the feeling of it brushing against me and the secret knowledge that I was naked beneath.
It was thrilling and something I'd now have the confidence to explore further.
My aunt must have sensed my enjoyment because she laughed and said, 'nice, isn't it?'
It was then I realised my aunt hadn't had to remove her panties, as she hadn't been wearing any.
Once back at the car, we chatted about what had happened, what had thrilled me the most, the risky location, the control, being naked in front of a guy, let alone a stranger, and my big step in allowing him to see me.
I'm grateful that my aunt was such a free spirit sexually and that she encouraged and guided me. It's led to a life of excitement and confidence that few experience.
And, of course, I now had those outfits and underwear to experiment with.
Along with my new found confidence.