Four days later, I walked through the doorway and re-entered the familiar setting of Room 101. It was four long days of wondering what I was getting myself into. And four long days of thinking about sex with Howard. I couldn't get him out of my mind. I still wanted him, even if it was under strange circumstances. I was willing to pay that price.
I looked around the room. It was just like before, cameras and lights on tripods placed around the bed, slightly sleazy and ready for sex. "Where's Pete?" I asked Howard, nervously.
"He'll be joining us shortly. I thought it would be easier to begin with just the two of us." Howard replied.
"OK. Sure. Probably," I replied in agreement.
"Why don't we start by you stripping down to your underwear. We'll film it. That will give us some footage for a preview video to send around, generate some interest. You've got a great body so this should go really well. We won't record sound, so I can talk you through it. Just stand over here on that spot." Howard pointed to a piece of tape on the floor. "And remember, it's supposed to be fun." Howard said with a smile, and then started one of the cameras that was pointing at the spot and picked up a handheld camera.
I took my position. "That's good, you'll probably want to take off your shoes and socks first, that will make things easier later, then take your shirt off and the rest. Just be natural." Howard encouraged me.
I followed his suggestion, first removing my shoes and socks. Then facing the cameras, unbuttoning my shirt and taking it off. I felt like a complete amateur, doing a dorky striptease, but I have to admit, there was an erotic satisfaction to stripping in front of Howard. Imagining I was turning him on, in anticipating of sex. I soldiered on, pulling my tank top undershirt out of my pants, and lifting it up, then over my head.
"Wow Andy, look at that chest and those abs, damn. I had no idea you were in that good of shape. Folks are going to go wild over you."
I ran my hands over my naked muscular chest, stopping for a moment at a nipple, giving it a tug. Then ran my hand down over my abs to my waist and back up. Smiling at the camera, I flexed my biceps, as though I were posing in a mirror.
"Perfect. You're doing great."
I unbuckled my belt, unsnapped my pants, and lowered my zipper, exposing the waistband of my bright red bikini. Normally I wore boxer briefs, that's what everyone my age wore these days, but I was inspired by Howard and his little bikinis. I lowered my pants slightly, exposing more of my underwear. I figured I should take this part slow. The reveal is often the most interesting part, so why not make it last.
"Super Andy, you got this." Howard encouraged me on.
I turned my back to the camera, so it could capture my butt as I lowered my pants. The stretchy cotton bikini was form fitting and hugged my ass. My pants slid easily over them, revealing more red. The cut was far more conservative than what Howard regularly wore, but I thought they highlighted my muscular ass nicely and hoped they would appeal to Howard. With my pants down around my ankles, I bent over to remove them completely, pointing my ass at the cameras, flexing my cheeks a little.
"Damn, that ass is amazing. Even I'm getting turned on, and I'm a straight guy. Now turn around, let's finish up with a view of the goods up front. Leave your underwear on though, we don't want to give away all the surprise, at least not yet."
Following his instructions, I turned around. My growing bulge now facing the cameras. Fortunately there was enough fabric in the pouch to stretch and snuggly hold my stiffening cock as it responded to the show I was putting on for Howard and the camera. I hooked my finger around the side of the bikini at my hip and pulled it up, exposing more leg and accentuating the bulge.
"Damn Andy, you've got it all, muscles and cock, impressive." Howard complemented me, as he put down the handheld camera. "That footage will make for an excellent intro video. Pete can edit it that all together into a tasty package. Now come over here for a second." He said, pointing to the bed. "Bend over the bed, I want to take a closer look at that ass."
I took my position on the edge of the bed. Howard stepped behind me, fully clothed, putting his hands on my hips, just at the waistband of my red bikini. He ran his hands over the fabric, feeling the texture, feeling the firmness of my ass. Inspecting it, and apparently finding it to his liking. He stepped closer, until I could feel his stomach and groin up against my ass.
"I've never seen a guy's ass that perfect before." Howard said softly, pressing harder, rocking against me with gentle fucking motions. I could feel his stiff cock up against me, just like in my fantasies. I pushed my ass back, his hands held me firmly at the waist, pulling me into his thrusts in rhythm.
My breathing grew heavy, my cock was now fully stiff, and my ass kept pressing back hungrily against his crotch. My red briefs were riding up my ass, my butt cheeks increasingly exposed. I wanted him. I wanted him inside me, penetrating my tight hole, fucking me with forceful strokes, taking me, pounding me, just like he did with all those women.
"I think we're ready for Pete, you hot fucking stud." And as if on cue, I could hear the room door open and someone enter. Pete, I presumed, as Howard continued the grinding pressure against my ass.
I turned my head toward the door. Pete wasn't what I expected, although I'm not really sure what I expected. He was close to Howard's age, probably a few years younger. He was thin. Not fat or overweight or even normal, but thin. He was dark skinned, possibly Indian. He was mostly bald and had thick black stubble for a beard. He sure didn't look like a porn star or someone facilitating sexual adventures. I looked closely at his crotch, trying to find evidence of his big "Boom Boom" balls, but couldn't see anything unusual under his pants.
"Keep it up guys. Don't let me stop you." Pete said.
I must have had a frightened look in my face. There I was, in a vulnerable position on the bed, naked except for my red bikini, in front of a complete stranger, with Howard fully clothed behind me, humping my ass. "Here, this should help" Pete reassured me, and proceeded to take off his shoes and socks, and then unbuttoned his shirt, taking it off too. My attention was now focused on his own striptease. His chest was covered with a dark mat of fur. Jet black fur, swirling in masculine patterns. So different from my own smooth chest. I wanted to feel it. Run my hands through it. Bury my face in it. His nipples were large and dark, soft and tempting. My lips wanted to touch them, pull at them until they stiffened.
Feeling more comfortable, I began to relax while Pete went around the room, bare chested, adjusting lights and the cameras, turning on the large televisions set, and selecting a view for display from one of the cameras.
Pete unzipped his jeans. Looking at me as he did so. Lowering the zipper and the denim, bringing his underwear into view. They were a rusty brown color with two thin red lines of piping angled down the front, handsomely framing his bulge. The had a small red label at the top in front, his full heavy balls pulling the pouch low. It was a beautiful sight that I eagerly wanted to explore. As I continued to stare, Pete stepped out of his jeans, but kept his bikini on.
"You like that?" Howard asked.
Not sure whether he was talking about Pete or his own hard cock poking my ass, I didn't care, I just nodded and tried to say yes but it came out more as "Uhh huh."
"Howard, why don't you get more comfortable by taking some of your clothes off," Pete suggested.
Howard gave my ass one last forceful thrust, then stepped back, away from the bed. I turned around, sitting on the edge of the bed. Howard started with his shirt, unbuttoning from the top, exposing his chest with a smattering of hair and then that full round belly of his, as the last button was undone.
"Here, let me help" I offered, as I sank to my knees, naked except for my bright red bikini. My hands fiddling with his belt buckle. Once unlatched, I slowly unzipped his pants, wondering what I would find. Would it be that same blue bikini?
I lowered the zipper over his tented bulge, first exposing a black elastic waistband and then the faded purple pouch of a string bikini. Even though his cock was rock hard, there was enough fabric to allow it to stick straight out, totally contained by the thin cotton fabric. I was mesmerized, soaking in the beautiful sight. I leaned forward slowly, with open lips, wrapping them around the fabric covered head. Delirious from the stiffness, and his manly scent.
"That's right, take it in. Work it through my underwear." Howard said softly.
I was in my own world, enjoying his stiff daddy cock straining against his purple bikini. My hands eagerly roaming over his cotton covered ass. Tracing the lines of fabric that ran across his meaty ass cheeks. Howard was moaning his approval, encouraging me. As I repositioned myself, I caught a glimpse of the TV. Pete had put on some gay porn, it looked somehow familiar. After a moment I soon realized, it was me and Howard!
Seeing myself larger than life, working that faded purple bikini made me even more passionate, wanting desperately to please both Howard, and the camera. I shifted my face, making sure Pete could capture the scene completely as I placed my lips over Howard's cock head and nibbled the tip. Worshipping his cock, his purple bulge, and his unmistakable masculinity, completely overtaken by pure lust and desire.
Interrupting my attentions, Howard said,"Slow down Andy, we've got all night. Why don't we move over to the bed."
We repositioned ourselves on the bed. Howard lying on his back, me between his legs. My fingers tracing the edges of his purple bikini that ran from his heavy balls down into his ass crack, until they became hidden by his plump cheeks, snuggled up against his hole. The next time I caught sight of the television, I saw Pete had the camera focused squarely on my upturned ass. The red fabric of my briefs riding into my own crack, muscular cheeks spilling out, and an ample bulge from my balls hanging down between my thighs. Everything about the image screamed fuck me. I immediately clenched my cheeks and gave a little twerk, showing off for the camera, while inwardly craving to be filled by a hard cock and fucked, ruthlessly fucked.
Pete must have gotten the same idea. "That's one fine ass," he said. "Just begging to be fucked."
Excited at the thoughts swirling in my mind of being shamelessly fucked. I didn't even care about Pete being in the room watching or the cameras. It turned me on. I wanted him to see me submit completely to Howard as his cock pounded my ass. Hungry and helpless. And if Pete wanted to take a turn after that, I wasn't going to stop him.
I managed to free Howard's stiff cock from his purple bikini. The taste of precum on my lips.
"Andy, your ass is amazing" Howard said while watching the action on the big screen television. "I need to fuck that thing."
"Please, yes," I managed to say.
It only took a moment for Howard to move around behind me. I was still on my hands and knees, with my ass up in the air. The red briefs hardly covering anything, damp from my sweat, wedged up my crack. I closed my eyes as I felt Howard's hands back on my ass. It was really happening, I thought. All those fantasies of Howard fucking me were about to come true. I couldn't wait any longer.
"Fuck me, Howard. Fuck me please."
Howard slid my red briefs down over my ass. I panted, as cool air ran across my tingling hole, followed by cool drops of slick lube. I had no idea where it came from. His cock head now pressed against my wet entrance. I opened my eyes to look at the television. It was showing Howard's round ass, partially covered by the faded purple string bikini with plenty of ass cheek hanging out. It was both strange and confusing. I wanted the guy on the television to start fucking so I could watch that perfect ass in action, and I wanted Howard to enter my desperately hungry hole. Two different things that were one and the same thing.
He pressed forward, opening me up, slowly sliding his five inches up my ass as far as it would go. His thighs and stomach pressed against me. A shiver ran through my body, just like in all of my fantasies, I was completely filled by his sexual swagger and stiff cock. He pulled back, then plunged forward, working up his pace as my hole relaxed, welcoming him in.
"Oh yes." I moaned. Pleasure spreading everywhere within my body.
"Man, that is one fine ass" he replied. At his point I don't think an earthquake or an explosion would have stopped Howard. He began fucking me in earnest, pounding away. My arms collapsed, sending my chest and head to the mattress as he continued his assault. I moaned from the sensation and glanced at the television, mesmerized by his bikini covered ass as he fucked me, seeing it and feeling it, simultaneously satisfying. I spied Pete, over to the side using the handheld camera to focus on Howard's ass. By this time, Pete's cock had fully hardened, tenting against his briefs in the most erotic way. His balls still hanging low. I could see gaps between his legs and the fabric of his bikini, giving me a dark glimpse inside.
Pete came closer, brushing the fabric of his bulging pouch against my lips. It was roaring hot. I wanted desperately to taste it. Pull it out and swallow it. To serve both of these sexy older men at once, spit roasted and filled with their cum.
"Roll over on your back." Howard commanded, interrupting my thoughts. "I want to see that cock of yours explode while I'm fucking you." Obediently I rolled over and pulled my legs up, exposing my open hole, wanting Howard to quickly fill it again with his cock. Pete moved to the side, repositioning himself for my climax.
Wasting no time, Howard re-entered me, making me moan again in delight. I ran my hands over his chest as his stomach pounded against my balls with each thrust. I was completely under his control. I was younger, more muscular, and had a larger cock, but none of it mattered. Submitting to this sexy, older, man was what I wanted. After fantasizing about him every day since we started working together, it was what I needed. The fact I was doing this in front of Pete, a sexy and nearly naked stranger, and being filmed in this dingy motel room made it even more erotic.
Howard raised my ass slightly higher off the bed to improve the angle as he continued to fuck me, my hard cock pointing toward my face, perilously close to exploding. I grabbed my swollen cock and took a quick glance at the television. Pete had again changed positions, capturing the action in profile, the contrast of our bodies, our age, the domination, the submission.
"Yeah, shoot that load." Howard said. "Let it fly."
It was all too much for me. I couldn't hold it any longer. Pete quickly moved forward with the camera to capture both my cock and face in the frame. With a yell, my first blast shot out. A thick stream landing on my chin and up and down my chest. Then a second shot, landing lower on my abdomen, hot and creamy. More bursts, pooling on my stomach, and then convulsions as my cock kept pumping, with nothing left to shoot. My hole spasming the whole time around Howard's stiff cock. I was covered in my own cum.
"Fuck," Howard moaned.
The furious fucking continued, picking up pace. My still firm cock, wet with cum, bouncing along in rhythm. After a few more powerful strokes, Howard withdrew his swollen cock from my ass and rapidly stroked it. The head brushing up against my sensitive hole. "I'm going to cream pie this hot fucking hole" he said. It must have been camera direction for Pete as I could feel Pete reposition himself on the bed. Howard quickly let out a long loud groan and a hot splash of cum completely drenched my asshole, then another. Howard roughly shoved his 5 inch cock back in, through the slippery wet opening. I gasped. I could feel his cock continue to pulse and pump inside me, as I glanced at the television, seeing Howard's perfect ass lewdly covered by his bikini, and his beautiful balls pressed up against me. Dribbles of cum sliding down my ass crack.
Unable to hold himself up any longer, Howard collapsed alongside me, exhausted. We couldn't move. We lay there, panting.
"Fucking fantastic," Pete said.
When I opened my eyes, I saw Pete standing alongside the bed. His bikini in place but not hiding much of anything. A healthy patch of thick black pubic hair was peeking out and his long dark dick had slipped out entirely, the foreskin pulled back, and his light tan cock head glistening, his big balls hanging full and low. Apparently he hadn't cum yet.
Howard whispered, "I hope you have a little energy left."
"Why?" I asked.
"Well, looks like you may need to help Pete out, thank him for his camera work, his cock needs some attention." Howard said, while giving a wink to Pete.
"Glad to help," I replied with a smile, as I rolled over and more cum oozed out of my stretched asshole.