^^^
Note from the author: One of the characters in this story has autism.
I'm not doing this to exploit her, make fun of her, or earn brownie points. The plot requires someone with specific characteristics, and she fits the bill.
I could have chosen a non-autistic person, but why should I have to? I've written stories about left-handed people, hairy women, blacks, whites, guys with small dicks, etc... I see no reason to make autistic characters off-limits.
She will be treated with the respect I give to all my characters. I will show her strengths. I will not hide or gloss over her weaknesses.
Oliver Cromwell is reported to have told the artist about to paint his portrait, 'Paint me as I am, warts and all'.
That is my approach. No one gets a free pass. If seeing an autistic woman held accountable for her words, actions, and sexual decisions will upset you, you should pass on this story.
^^^
"It wasn't supposed to be this way," Cliff murmured in a voice so low no one heard him.
He was in the hospital delivery room with his daughter-in-law and her team of caregivers. The mother-to-be looked like a marathon runner nearing the finish line. She was hot, sweaty, and noisily sucking air in through her mouth. She looked exhausted.
"Here we go," the doctor said. "One final push."
The doctor delivered the baby, checked it, and handed it to a nurse. After a quick cleaning, the nurse wrapped the child in a towel and held her up for Scarlett to see.
"YOU have a beautiful baby girl!" the nurse said enthusiastically. She placed the baby on Scarlett's chest.
Mom managed to smile as she looked at her offspring.
Cliff was escorted out of the room. The staff did the rest of the things that needed to be done.
Three hours later, he was allowed to visit the mother and child. Scarlett looked better. She had rested and showered. She was sitting up in bed and holding the infant in her arms.
When she saw Cliff, she said, "Little Gwen is adorable, but this is not how it was supposed to be."
"I know."
^^^280 days before^^^
Cliff stood naked in his bathroom.
The fit fifty-three-year-old man gargled and spat the mint mouth rinse into the sink. He looked into the mirror, grabbed his comb, and ran it through his thick sandy-colored hair.
He picked up a bottle of cologne. It was a gift from his deceased wife. "No. That wouldn't be right," he said, and he put it down.
He opened the door and stepped into his bedroom. A young woman was waiting for him. The petite brunette lay naked on freshly washed sheets.
He looked her over.
She was less than half his age. She was pretty. Her long straight hair reached two inches below her shoulders. It wasn't long enough to cover her breasts. He got a good view of her modest, distinctly feminine set. She had a mass of black pubic hair between her slim thighs.
Neither spoke.
He walked up to the bed and stood there with his limp dick hanging out. He looked nervous and ill at ease.
She looked at his flaccid cock, rolled onto her stomach, and crawled to him. She grabbed his prick and gave him head.
"Damn!" he murmured. He said to himself, "She's good at this. If cock-sucking or sex is one of her areas of intense interest, I'm in for a great night."
His eyes drifted down to her small, firm butt. He leaned over and patted it.
It didn't take her long to get him hard. When he had a firm erection, she flipped around, got on her hands and knees, and presented her ass to him.
He noticed her slit glistened, and the pubes around her labia were wet. He thought, "I didn't cause that. She must have masturbated while I was in the bathroom." He took his wet cock and slid it inside the attractive young woman.
"Ahhh," they sighed.
She pushed her butt into him and claimed all of his dick. She rocked into him. He started to thrust.
The bed squeaked, and the sound of heavy breathing filled the room as they had sex.
"Oh, God!" he moaned. He grabbed her hips and drove his dick into her faster and more forcefully. He ejaculated and filled her with his spunk before she achieved an orgasm.
She put her head on the bed and maintained contact with him until his dick shriveled and slipped out.
He sat on the bed.
She rolled over, sat beside him, and said, "See you tomorrow." She got up and walked out of the room.
^^^
The following evening Cliff was naked and in bed waiting for his paramour. He had placed some pillows against the headboard and reclined against them.
She entered the room, slipped a soft robe off her shoulders, and let it fall to the floor.
"Wow," Cliff said as she saw her nude lithe body. Her dusky-colored nipples were hard.
She climbed into bed, grabbed his cock, and said, "You're hard."
"Yes. Sorry about yesterday. I was nervous."
She released his penis, got on her hands and knees, and swung her hips around so he could take her doggie-style.
"Wait," he said. "I know we agreed there'd be no kissing. Can I suck on your breasts? Please climb on top of me, ride me, and let me enjoy your boobs."
"You want to suck my nipples?"
"Yes. I'd like it very much."
"Okay."
She spun around. She sucked his dick long enough to wet it so penetration would be easier. She straddled the sandy-haired man, and impaled herself, going slowly.
"Mmm," she moaned as she took his cock inside her.
"Oh!" he gasped.
She leaned forward and placed her hands on the headboard. Her breasts were near his face.
Cliff extended his neck and suckled on her stiff peaks. His lips kissed and explored the soft flesh of her breasts and nursed on her hard nips. He lay still and focused on her twin feminine treasures as she bounced on his cock.
They stopped when he came inside her.
^^^The next night^^^
Cliff opened the bedroom door and stepped inside.
"I am not ready," the young brunette protested.
She was on the bed, naked, and her right hand was in between her legs.
Cliff came to her. She looked at him wide-eyed. He gently grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand out of her crotch.
"I am not wet enough for intercourse," she stated.
"There is another way to prepare you," he said.
He sat on the bed, lowered his head to her sex, and licked it.
"No. That is too intimate."
He stopped, looked at her face, and said, "I am an old man. May I know the pleasure of tasting you? It will achieve your goal, and prepared us for what comes next."
She considered his words and nodded.
Cliff breathed deeply, inhaling her scent, and brought his lips and tongue to her gash.
"Oh," she moaned softly.
He feasted on her sex, enjoying the aroma, savoring her tart flavor, and loving the small sounds she made as his tongue caressed her clit. He stayed there longer than necessary to prepare her for penetrative sex.
He brought her to the brink of orgasm, stopped, and quickly climbed on top of her. He thrust his organ inside her.
"Ohh!" they cried out.
She clutched him. She wrapped her arms around his back, raised her legs, and hooked them around his ass. She pulled him to her as she thrust her sex against him.
"Oh, oh, oh," she grunted as they rutted.
"Ohhhh!" she hollered as she came.
"Ahhh!" he exclaimed and filled her pussy with his sperm. He collapsed on top of her.
They gasped for air. He kissed her neck.
"No kissing," she reminded. She scrambled out from under him, and rushed from the room.
^^^2007^^^
"Dad, I'm joining the Marines," Marcus said.
"What?" Cliff said as he looked up from the newspaper.
"I don't see the point of finishing college," the twenty-year-old said. "I've been there two years, and I don't know what I want to major in. I feel like I'm treading water.
"I should have signed up after high school as Tim and Terry did. They are making a difference, fighting terrorists in Iraq and Afghanistan."
"You promised your mother..."
"I know. I will finish my education when my enlistment is over. It'll be a heck of a lot easier. The G.I. Bill will pay for it."
"Don't worry about the money."
"That's not the reason. I need to get my shit together. Since Mom passed, I've been adrift."
"You and me both."
"This is a good thing...for me...for my country. I'll be doing something important."
Cliff stood, hugged his son, and said, "I understand. I'm proud of you."
^^^four years later^^^
"I hardly recognize you," Cliff said as he hugged his son.
"I'm dirty and haven't shaved in days," Marcus said.
"No. There's a different glint in your eyes. You left as a boy, and you returned as a man."
The two husky, sandy-haired men embraced.
At dinner that night, Marcus said, "While in the Marines, I learned about data analytics."
"In my day, the Marines were all about push-ups, midnight marches with full packs, and being yelled at by your drill instructor."
"I got plenty of that," Marcus said. They shared a laugh.
"Every organization benefits from improving operations, cutting costs, streamlining operations, and generally maximizing the efficiencies of their machinery and personnel. I'm going to college and get a master's degree in data analytics."
^^^2013^^^
In Marcus's final year at the university, fifteen other students were seeking the same degree. They could be counted on to be in the specialized classes with a few interlopers. The regulars got to know each other because, in business school, group projects are a way of life.
Scarlett was a studious, slim woman with bangs and long, jet-black hair. She caught Marcus' attention because, unlike the other women in the class, she made no effort to make herself attractive. She wore no makeup, her hair was always in a simple ponytail, and she didn't wear stylish clothes.
He took that to mean she was serious about her studies and not here to get an MRS degree. He saw many young women at the college who appeared more interested in finding a husband than in pursuing academic achievement.
A second reason he noticed her was that when the teacher called on her, she had the correct answer.
He worked on a couple of group projects with her. He saw that she had a gift for data mining, collecting, scrubbing, and analyzing gigantic caches of raw data.
To Marcus, she was the perfect person to partner with on projects. Others avoided her because she was different. To put it politely, she wasn't a 'people person'.
After class one day, Marcus approached her and said, "Hello, Scarlett, we have another group project. Want to partner up?"
She studied him before answering.
"Okay. We need two more participants. Will you find them? People like you. Me, not so much."
He nodded. She gathered her things and walked away.
Marcus filled the other slots with intellectually curious people who had taken the class to get a taste of data analytics. They didn't have a deep knowledge of the field and were not sought after by the other groups.
The four of them made a good team. Marcus and Scarlett did the heavy lifting. Tom had a background in financial consulting and a talent for creating spreadsheets. Marcia was interested in marketing.
Marcia and Tom constructed the PowerPoint presentation. She delivered it to the class, and Marcus and Scarlett answered the tough questions. The professor heaped praise on the group and told the class, "That was excellent. I hope the rest of you can match the standard they set."
The class ended, and the group gathered their things.
The professor came up to Scarlett and Marcus and said, "Companies want me to do projects for them. I have a request from one now." He tapped his jacket pocket.
"I no longer have the time. You have the skills. You could knock it out in your spare time and earn a nice chunk of change. Interested?"
"It's certainly worth considering," Marcus said.
The teacher reached into his pocket, pulled out a letter, and said, "Look this over. If you're interested, call them. Tell them I recommended you. If you decide to pass, drop the letter off at my office."
He gave the letter to Marcus and hurried away.
Scarlett looked at Marcus and asked, "What is 'chunk of change'?"
"Freedom."
She still had a quizzical look on her face.
"We have an opportunity to earn money by doing a data analytic project for a company. It'll be just like the class project we just finished, but this time, we get paid."
"I like data analytics," Scarlett said. "I find it fascinating, and I am good at it."
"You are very good at it. You have a gift. Let me look into it."
She nodded.
^^^
Marcus called the company, discussed the project, and listened to their offer. They came to terms. He talked to Scarlett about it, and she was on board. They completed it out in a couple of weeks.
"Scarlett, the customer is satisfied with our analysis," Marcus said. "Here is your share of the money." He handed her an envelope with cash.
She didn't look at it. She put it in her purse.
"Can I buy you a beer tonight or take you out dancing to repay you for your hard work?" He spoke in a jesting manner.
She heard his words as a serious offer and said, "I am busy tonight, but if you want to do something for me be my plus one on Saturday. My cousin is getting married, and I was told I should bring someone because weddings are a celebration of coupling."
"Oh. Okay," Marcus said, surprised.
"The wedding is at five o'clock. Dinner is at seven, and there is a party afterward. I planned on having an early lunch and leaving at noon. It is a two-hour drive. We will check into the hotel and rest. I will meet my mother at 3:00 to do my hair and makeup and become presentable. We will leave at 4:30 to go to the church."
"I see. You have it planned well."
"I like routines and schedules."
"What is the name of the hotel you're staying at? I'll call and get a room."
"The wedding party is taking over the Meadow Inn. All the rooms are taken. I have space for you."
"Okay. Want me to drive?"
"I like to drive. Give me your phone."
Marcus unlocked his phone and handed it to her. Scarlett typed and said, "I gave you my phone number and address. Meet me at noon on Saturday. Do whatever guys do to prepare for a wedding. Mother says that Friday night I should shave my legs and pits."
Marcus grimaced.
Scarlett noticed and said in a flat voice, "Did I overshared? Sorry for making you feel uncomfortable. I have autism. Do you know anyone who is autistic?"
"No."
"My brain is not wired like yours. I perceive things and react differently than you. We could argue over who is defective, but since there are more people like you, you are considered normal, and I am judged not.
"We can come across as awkward, emotionless, socially clueless robots. Some on the autism spectrum do not make eye contact, speak in a monotone, and have trouble communicating.
"We are not adept at reading body language and facial expressions. We do not understand nuances and figures of speech. Phrases like 'The early bird catches the worm' confuse us.
"We focus on the words and wonder, 'Why are you telling me about a bird?' I miss the rest of the conversation, thinking about this bird.
"We speak honestly. Sometimes, brutally honest. Do not ask me if I like your shirt or haircut. I will answer without any concern about hurting your feelings. You ask; I answer. You will get the truth.
"I was providing information when I said I will shave my body Friday night. It was not said to embarrass or titillate you."
She shrugged her shoulders and added, "I do not always know when I have said something inappropriate."
Marcus smiled and said, "I like your straightforwardness. We'll get along just fine. I'm not a big talker, so you won't have a lot of words to interpret. I've been in combat. It'll take more than sharing too much information to upset me.
"If I have a problem, I'll tell you, so feel free to speak your mind. If a situation develops, we will address it directly."
Scarlett said, "Thank you."
^^^
Saturday, Marcus showed up on time. They loaded the vehicle and hit the road. During the drive, they traded information. She learned Marcus was twenty-six years old, had lost his mother, still had a father, and that he'd been in the Marines.
He learned that Scarlett was twenty-one and an only child raised by a single mother. The bride was her cousin, Carolyn. She was the eldest daughter of her mother's sister, Christina.
"The groom is a man named Tommy," Scarlett said. "I have not met him. My mother says he is handsome. She hopes that someday I will meet someone, get married, and give her grandchildren.
"I am not sure that that will happen. I do not date. I am too busy with school and my hobby, astronomy."
"I'm interested in astronomy too. When I was in the army, I often sat outside and looked at the stars.
"It is great, right?" Scarlett said suddenly animated. He had not seen her so excited. She said, "I am completely obsessed with planets, stars, and galaxies. I spend hours watching YouTube videos about astronomy."
"I don't watch hours of videos, but I've checked out NASA and SciShow Space."
"Those are good. Have you seen Fraser Cain?"
"No."
"You have to. Do you have a telescope?"
"No."
"I have an Orion XT 10i scope. It is big enough to give a good view of the universe. As for eyepieces, I have a few 82-degree ones from Explore Scientific. The ultrawide design keeps planets in the field for a long time at the higher powers, and at the low powers, it is great for viewing star clusters, nebulae, and galaxies.
"With a 10" Dobsonian, I can see every object in the Messier catalog and many NGC objects. It shows a lot of details of the brighter galaxies and nebulae. It is good for star clusters too."
"Wow! You know your stuff."
Her face reddened, and she said, "I do. You probably have many interests and hobbies. Autistic people tend to have one or two interests, and we become hyperfocused on them. I am obsessed with data analytics and with astronomy."
She smiled and added, "Given the chance, I will geek out and talk about them for longer than anyone cares to listen."
He smiled and said, "We have another hour until we get to the hotel. Scarlett, tell me about astronomy."
She did.
Thirty minutes later, he said, "Scarlett, you have told me so much about astronomy that my head is spinning."
"Spinning?" she said, seeking clarification.
"Obviously, my head is not spinning. Let me say it another way. Thank you for talking to me about astronomy. I've heard enough for now. Please stop."
"Okay."
"Was I too harsh?" he asked.
"No. I prefer simple direct words. Be literal, clear, and concise. Avoid slang, nuances, and idioms like 'It's raining cats and dogs'. Also, I have a problem recognizing when someone is joking or being sarcastic."
"That must make understanding people difficult," Marcus said.
"Imagine," she said. "You are playing a game with a group of people, and no one will tell you the rules. Every time you say something, they say you got it wrong, laugh at you, and call you stupid.
"I focus so hard during conversations, trying to keep up, that it makes me stressed and anxious, and still it is not good enough. My classmates in elementary and high school would say, 'You stupid girl. You misunderstood me again'.
"When I responded, you said 'XXXX'. They would smile and say, 'Yes, but didn't you notice my facial expression, my body language, or the tone of my voice?' Or 'Hey, I winked.'
"Why cannot people just say what they mean?" she said. She sounded frustrated.
"Yeah," Marcus said, commiserating with her. "For some reason, we feel the need to augment our words."
"Another thing that annoys me," Scarlett said, "is people are always asking me 'How are you?' I have learned that your doctor, mother, or friends want the truth. Other people do not.
"I am supposed to answer 'Fine'. Even if I am not fine and I am required to ask them the same question. They give me the same non-informational response. What did that accomplish?"
"Conversations can be a minefield," Marcus said, and he chuckled.
"A minefield. That is a good description."
She paused as if thinking and confessed, "I am not looking forward to the wedding. There will be strangers and people I have not seen in years. I will be forced to participate in conversations. Mother says I must be pleasant and polite and not ruin the event for my cousin."
"That's a lot of pressure to put on you," Marcus said. "I'll help. You smile. I can do the meaningless social niceties that people engage in at events like this."
"Earlier," Scarlett said, "you said you liked me and that we will get along just fine. I think we could be friends. We both like data analytics and astronomy. I accept your offer. Thanks in advance for doing me a solid."
He looked at her for a second and opened his mouth. He looked confused.
Scarlett laughed. She said, "I surprised you by doing what I complain about others doing. I have memorized some idioms and phrases. I drop them in conversations, so people think I am like them."
They laughed.
^^^
They pulled into the hotel parking lot and went to the front desk. A little old lady was there.
"Hi, I am Scarlett Johnson. You have a room for me."
"Yes. Your mother took care of everything. Do you need two keys?" she said, looking at Marcus.
"Yes. That would be convenient."
The clerk gave Scarlett the keys and said, "Your mother told me to tell you. She has arrived and is in room 255."
"Thank you."
They went to their room. It was a simple space with a closet and a small bathroom. The room had a desk and chair, a night table with a lamp, a wooden rack for luggage, and a double bed.
"Looks like I'll be sleeping on the floor," Marcus said as he set down their luggage.
"This room is not very large," Scarlett said. She picked up the phone, dialed the front desk, and said, "Hi, This is Scarlett Johnson. The room you gave us only has one bed. Do you have one available with two beds?"
She listened and repeated her words, "You're sold out and have no other rooms. I understand. Goodbye." She hung up.
"No luck, huh?"
"No. She offered me a cot, but I don't see where we could put it. Maybe I can bunk with my mother, and you can have the room."
She called her mother using the hotel phone. Someone else answered.
"Hi, Aunt Cara...Yes, I made it. I thought this was my mother's room?... Oh, I see. Tell her I will be there on time to get my hair and makeup done. Bye."
She hung up, looked at Marcus, and said, "The Inn is full, and my mother is sharing a room with her sister."
"We could do as Clark Gable and Claudette Cobert did in the movie "It Happened One Night"."
"What is that?"
"To provide privacy, they put up a sheet to divide the room."
Scarlett appeared to be thinking. Marcus imagined that she was visualizing the sheet and wondering how it would help.
"Of course, that worked because in the 1930s their room had two twin beds," Marcus said,
"We can share the bed," Scarlett said. "I do not think it is necessary to hang a sheet over the middle of the bed."
"No sheet. Got it."
Scarlett said, "I am going to use the bathroom and then lie down. I will meet my mother at three o'clock to get dressed, and I will meet you in the lobby at 4:30."
"I'll be ready."
"Are you okay with casual nudity?"
"What?" Marcus responded. His eyebrows shot up; he sounded surprised.
She said, "Maybe I should have mentioned this earlier. I am a nudist. A nudist by necessity."
Marcus gave her a questioning look. It didn't register with her, but his silence demonstrated he was waiting for more information.
"I get anxious and stressed out. Especially, in social situations. This wedding...the crowd, having to interact with people for an extended period of time, and trying to follow the conversations...It is my worst nightmare."
He nodded.
"I have found that being naked helps me deal with anxiety and stress. Nudity takes me to my zen place. I relax and become calm and peaceful."
"That sounds like a form of meditation, if it works for you, that's great."
"I will need to go to my zen place to prepare myself for the events of the day. Hence my question, 'Are you okay with casual nudity?]"
"Oh. You want to meditate now. Do I need to leave?"
"No."
"I'm okay with you being nude."
She pulled the bedspread down and undressed.
Marcus tried unsuccessfully not to stare.
Scarlett was an attractive young woman. She had nice breasts
with large, dark red nipples. He was not a fan of dime-size nipples.
Her stomach was flat. Her tapered waist led to flared hips. She had a mass of black pubic hair, slim legs, and small, pretty feet.
Marcus took it all in.
Scarlett lay on the sheets and closed her eyes.
"She's a pretty woman with a rocking body," Marcus told himself. "She lying there seeking peace. I feel like a pervert for ogling her."
"Scarlett, I'm going for a walk," he said. "Enjoy you downtime."
He left the room, wandered the grounds, and returned a little before three. He saw Scarlett get up. She stretched and said, "I will go to my mother's room to do my hair and makeup. She needs to be sure that I am presentable."
"Do you need any help carrying your dress?" Marcus asked.
"My mother has it. I will see you in the lobby."
She dressed and left the room.
^^^
Marcus watched television, shaved, showered, and got dressed in his suit. He was in the lobby by 4:15. Scarlett, her mother, and Aunt walked in at half past the hour.
Marcus was blown away. Scarlett was stunning in a cobalt blue wrap dress. The color played up her blue eyes, and the dress hugged her sleek figure. Marcus couldn't help but notice that she was braless. Her breasts jiggled with every step, and her hard nipples dented the fabric.
He went up to her and said, "Wow! You look gorgeous!" he caught himself and gestured to the three of them as if his compliment was meant for the fifty-year-olds as well as the hot twenty-one-year-old.
"Scarlett, you didn't tell me you came from a family of movie stars!"
She didn't answer because his words confused her.
Her mother and Aunt blushed and beamed. They loved his comment.
"Scarlett, introduce me to this handsome, smooth-talking young man," her mother said. She batted her fake eyelashes at Marcus.
"Mother, this is Marcus. My plus one. Marcus, this is my mother and Aunt Cara."
They got into the car and drove to the church.
Marcus was introduced to many relatives and friends of the bride and groom. Scarlett looked uneasy. Marcus noticed. He suspected she was overwhelmed by the number of people, and took over. He shielded her from the strangers and did most of the talking.
The wedding ceremony was lovely. The groom looked happy, the bride wore white and was beautiful, and the preacher wasn't overly preachy.
After the ceremony, the wedding party stayed for pictures. Scarlett was in the first batch that included all relatives. When she was done, Marcus grabbed her hand and led her to a quiet wooded area.
"Mother is upset with me because I would not wear the bra she bought me. She knows I have tactile issues and that tight and scratchy clothes hurt me. I physically feel pain. No way was I going to wear that bra. I have to wash mine five or six times before I can bear to wear them.
"Is it that obvious that I am braless?"
"Yes, but it is not inappropriate. You are young and beautiful, and many women go braless, especially at fancy events like this. She's your mother, so she worries."
He found a bench and said, "Sit. Rest. Relax."
She said, "Sensory overload is something I must watch out for. My meltdowns are not pretty. Do you think I could get naked? It would help me decompress."
"Yes. This is a secluded area, and I can be on the look out for people approaching us."
"Great."
She smiled, turned her back to him, and said, "Could you help with the zipper?"
Marcus undid the zipper, stood behind her, and watched her step out of her dress. She placed it carefully on the bench and shimmied out of her skimpy underwear.
Marcus stared at her cute bottom and said to himself, "I love boobs. I say I'm a breast man, but when I see an ass as fabulous as that, I know in my soul that I'm an ass man."
Scarlett sat on the bench with her knees slightly apart.
She crossed her arms under her breasts, closed her eyes, and focused on the sounds of the woods. She listened to the birds and the wind.
Dappled sunlight illuminated her pale body.
Marcus gave her space. He stood on the path in between the church and the bench. He listened for people approaching them and kept his eyes on the beautiful naked woman sitting serenely on the bench.
She had twenty minutes of uninterrupted peace and quiet. Her eyes popped open, and she said, "I feel better. I needed that."
She dressed. They returned to the church and found her mother and Aunt. They got into the car and returned to the hotel. They had time to freshen up in their rooms before going to dinner.
Dinner was uneventful. Marcus proved to be a good dining companion. He interacted and entertained those around them, so Scarlett could be less involved.
They moved on to the reception party.
"Do you want a drink?" Marcus asked.
"Yes. The alcohol will numb my anxiety and reduce my feeling of being socially awkward."
They had two drinks and got through the speeches.
When the band began to play with their light show, Scarlett winced.
Marcus asked, "Are you okay? We can we leave."
She rubbed her temples and said, "The sound, the lights, the smells of cigarettes... it hurts. I should stay at least for the first dance."
Carolyn and her father went to the center of the dance floor. They waltzed. The music stopped, their dance ended, and everyone clapped.
Tommy went to his bride.
The father gave his daughter's hand to the groom and left the floor. The music started up.
The lead singer said, "I give you Mr. and Mrs. Wegler!"
The crowd cheered, music played, and the newly married couple danced.
Scarlett tapped Marcus' arm and said, "I need to leave."
Marcus escorted her out. He teased, "You are the perfect girlfriend. You didn't make me dance."
He grabbed two flutes of champagne on their way out the door and said, "Follow me. We'll go out on the patio, drink, and look at the stars."
He led her to a quiet spot. They sat in silence on a wrought iron bench and drank the bubbly.
"Thank you," she said. "I was dreading this event because of the social demands I knew it would put on me. I do not know how I would have gotten through this evening without you."
"You're welcome." He toasted her, drank, and added, "It's been fun."
"My aunt and mother like you."
"All women like to flirt and enjoy compliments."
"Not me. I do not understand flirting, and compliments can be a trap."
"A trap?"
"Yes," Scarlett said. "I'm suspicious when someone gives me one. If it is true, why bother stating it? If it is not true, why did they say it? Do they want something?"
"Compliments are meant to make the recipient feel good."
"A lie or insincere compliment demeans me. I do not want to be treated like a child. 'Oh, the poor girl has autism. She did not do well, but tell her she did a good job even though she and everyone here knows it is untrue'."
"I understand," he said. He put his hand on her chin, lifted her face so he could look her in the eyes, and said, "I promise to always tell you the truth even when it will hurt your feelings. I spoke the truth today when I said you are beautiful."
He leaned in and kissed her.
She didn't reciprocate. She kept her eyes open.
He persevered. He embraced her and continued to kiss her.
After her initial hesitation, she closed her eyes, accepted and returned the kiss. It was a long one.
He pulled back, smiled, and said, "That was nice."
"That was nice," she responded.
They kissed again and again.
"I like kissing you," Marcus said. "I want to kiss you more. If you agree, we should go to a private space like our room."
"I agree," she said. "Do you want to have sex with me?"
"Err...Yes." Marcus was surprised by her bluntness.
"Good. Me too. I wanted to be sure. I don't always read situations correctly." She stood and added, "Come. I will say goodnight to my mother."
Marcus smiled and stood. They found the aunt and Scarlett's mother.
"Mom, this had been a long day. You know how I get when I am in large crowds. The flashing lights are a problem too. I am going to my room. I will see you at breakfast at 8:00 a.m."
"Do you want me to keep you company?" her mother asked.
"No. I have Marcus, and I will be in bed soon."
"Okay. Good night, Honey," her mother said.
They said goodnight, the women exchanged kisses on the cheek, and the young people walked away.
Marcus said, "I can't believe what you said to your mother."
"It was the truth. I will be in my bed. I thought the rules of decorum prevent me from saying 'I am going to my room to have sex with Marcus'."
^^^
When Marcus and Scarlett entered their room, she went to the thermostat, turned the heat up a couple degrees, and said, "I get cold when I take my clothes off."
Marcus hugged her, kissed her, groped her ass, and said, "I think it's my job to warm you up."
She giggled, squirmed, and said, "Let me use the bathroom. I need to pee."
He released her. While she was in the bathroom, he removed his shoes, socks, jacket, and tie. He turned the clock radio on, found a soft rock station, and sat on the bed.
A few minutes later, she stepped out of the bathroom naked except for her high heels. She was a slim woman. Her hair had been up for the wedding, Now, it hung loosely around her shoulders. With full makeup on, she looked like a movie star.
"Wow! You're beautiful. I love the contrast between your black hair and white skin. Not a fan of laying in the sun, huh?"
"No. For me, it is torture. The blinding sunlight, the scorching heat, and I can't stand most suntan lotions. They smell bad, and the idea of goopy, greasy lotion on my skin makes me scream."
Marcus stood and ogled her. The slim young woman had small, shapely breasts with dusky colored nipples and areolas. A thick patch of black hair hid her sex. She had slender legs and a distinct thigh gap.
"Is it okay that I have pubic hair? I understand many women remove theirs. My motor skills are not great. That is not an area where I want to have a shaving accident."
"No problem. I like a woman who looks like a woman." He smiled and quickly undressed. He posed and gave her a chance to see him naked.
He was a big, burly guy: six-foot-tall, muscular, tanned, with curly hair on his chest and body. His penis was erect. It jutted out from his hairy groin and pointed at her.
It was the standard model in length and thickness.
"This is me," he announced. "Okay?"
"Yes. Bigger penises hurt my vagina, and smaller ones do not give me pleasure."
He looked chagrined and asked, "Is that how you tell me I'm not your first lover?"
"Too blunt? Sorry.
"Marcus, you cannot imagine how hard I work at trying to understand and communicate with people. It is exhausting at times. Would you consider learning my way of communicating? Be direct, honest, and straightforward?
"I think I would be a good girlfriend. I'm fit, I like sex, and unlike other girls, I will not complain if you do not buy me presents for no reason or fail to notice a new hairstyle or outfit."
He laughed.
"You can ask me if we're good," Scarlett continued her sales pitch. "If I nod, you can watch your ball game or go out with the guys. If you want sex, instead of spending all evening sending me secret subliminal signals, you can just ask me.
"Is not the direct approach simpler? It worked when I asked you."
"It is superior."
He came to her, wrapped his arms around her, and they kissed. He scooped her up in his arms and said, "I like your body and your mind."
She squealed as he carried her to the bed and cried out, "Wait!"
"What is it?"
"Please do not put me on that bedspread. I do not like that fabric, and we should discuss rules."
He put her down, pulled the bedspread off the bed, and tossed it on the floor. He asked, "What is this about rules?"
"Do you have any rules about sex?" she asked.
"That we have fun." He paused, thought, and added, "Be respectful. Get consent. Wear a condom."
"Is there anything I should not do?" she asked. "Are there places you do not like to be touched or kissed? For example, can I touch and suck your penis?
"I have no restriction. I hope you give me a blowjob. Can I perform oral sex on you?"
"Yes, but let me tell you my rules. You know I am autistic. I am more sensitive to sights, smells, sounds, and touch than neurotypical people.
"They can capture my attention, and I cannot think about anything else. They can cause me physical pain. It can be unbearable when sensations gang up on me. At the reception, the loud music, flashing lights, and the smells were too much for me and made me ill.
"I lack your ability to ignore or block them out.
"I'm sorry to hear that," Marcus said.
"Fabrics can be an issue. I checked the sheets earlier. They are clean, soft, and should not be a problem. The bedspread is scratchy.
"I want to focus on you, and what we are doing, so I would like the radio off and the room dimly lit."
"No problem," Marcus said. He turned off the radio, the lamp, and the overhead light. The bathroom light provided a bit of light to the room.
She grabbed his arm and said, "The last rule deals with touch." She dragged her nails lightly over his forearm and said, "If you did that to me, I would scream. I do not like feather-light touching, being tickled, or soft caresses."
She gripped his arm, not so forcefully that it hurt, but with enough force, so he knew it was purposeful. "When you touch me do it firmly. It is okay to grab my butt and boobs or to finger me. Do not tease. Use a firm touch. Got it?"
"Yes."
"Two more rules," she said. "No anal. I tried it. It hurt."
"Fine and..."
"Never cum on me. It is gross to think about gooey, sticky sperm on my skin. You can cum inside my mouth and vagina. I have a birth control implant in my arm. It is good for two years and four months."
"Anything else?" he asked.
"No."
Marcus smiled, embraced her firmly, and kissed her.
She responded. They got into bed. He kissed her and ran his hand from her cheek to her hip.
He brought his hand to a breast and did a move his other sexual partners enjoyed. He palmed her breast, squeezed it, and drew his fingers up and off her nipple. He used a firm touch on her skin. It grew lighter and lighter as he brushed his fingertips over her nipple and pulled away. The teasing motion usually generated a moan.
Not today.
"Ahh! I told you not to do that," Scarlett said. She sat up and rubbed her boob.
"What's the matter?"
"Do not give me light caresses. It does not bring me pleasure. I do not like what other women like. That is why I told you my rules."
"I'm sorry. Please give me another chance."
"Okay."
Marcus returned his attention to her breasts. He followed her instructions to the letter and turned her nips into tall peaks.
Scarlett moaned and cooed and kept a firm grip on his penis.
Marcus sat back and smiled. He was proud of his efforts.
"That was good," Scarlett said. "Let me show what I can do."
She wrapped her lips around his cock and showed her skills.
"Oh! Wow," Marcus moaned.
She brought him great pleasure.
"Oh, God! Oh, God! I'm cumming!" Marcus shouted. His dick exploded in her mouth, and Scarlett calmly swallowed it all.
"I've never had a BJ that good. Some women do this or do that. You did everything I've dreamt of and more."
"Thank you," she said, beaming. "I like sucking cock. I am very good at it. There is a Reddit section where women post oral sex tips. I have read them and implemented each one."
Marcus sighed, snuggled against her, and said, "It shows. You are exceptional. Give me a minute to rest, and I'll show you how good I am."
Scarlett embraced him and continuously ran her fingers through his hair.
Marcus slid in between her thighs, pushed her pubes aside, and stared at her vulva. It was meat curtains galore. He went to work.
He tongued her slit and tasted her essence. He alternated nibbling on her protruding inner lips and flicking his tongue across her marble-size clit.
"Ohhhh," she moaned. She was not one to sit back and absorb all the pleasure. She moved her hips and dry-humped his hands, fingers, tongue, face...whatever she could.
"Take me now," she ordered.
Marcus got on top of her and slipped his hard cock into her soft place.
"Oh!" they both moaned.
He fucked her at a moderate pace. He erred on the side of caution because he wanted to learn how she liked it. He didn't have to guess.
"Fuck me harder and use full strokes," she instructed.
He picked up the pace. She met him thrust for thrust and never hesitated to tell him what she liked. They sweated and gasped for air as they enjoyed each other.
She clawed his back, her body froze, and she cried out, "FUCK!"
Marcus felt her vagina grab his dick, and he joined her in bliss.
"Ah. Ohhh," he groaned. He came inside her. It was a heavy load.
After a rest, Marcus said, "That was nice."
"Yes. You are a good sex partner."
He chuckled and said, "You're not a wallflower..."
He saw her brow furl and said, "Sorry. I can be more direct. When some women have sex, they just lie there. You're an active participant. You tell me what you like, and you fucked me as much as I fucked you. I like that."
"Good. Because that is how I have sex, and I want to have more sex with you."
"I want to have more sex with you," Marcus said and smiled.
He groped her ass and kissed her.
She sucked his dick. She showed no reluctance to deal with his messy cock.
When he was hard, he fucked her in the missionary position. They did it girl-on-top and finished doing it doggie style.
They lay gasping on the bed after terrific orgasms and smiled at each other. Scarlett said, "No more sex tonight."
"Tomorrow?"
"Yes."
^^^
Marcus woke when he heard the toilet flush. He reached for Scarlett and found the bed empty.
He opened his eyes, groaned, and stretched. He heard the shower, stroked his morning hard-on, and said, "I wondered if she likes to have sex in the shower?"
He got up, went into the bathroom, and peeked into the shower. "Is there room for two?"
"Yes."
She answered in a neutral tone. Marcus smirked and thought, "That didn't sound like an invitation. It was more like a statement of fact, but she didn't say no."
He stepped into the shower and watched the water run down her firm body. "Nice butt," he said.
"I work out and watch what I eat," she answered. Her hand went in between her legs to wash her pussy.
"Let me do that," Marcus said.
He pressed his hard-on into her ass. One hand grabbed and squeezed a breast. The other slipped in between her thighs, located her clit, and rubbed it.
"Ohh," she cooed and dipped her head.
"I want to fuck you," Marcus said, trying the direct approach she'd recommended.
"I would like that."
He kissed her neck, fondled her boobs, and caressed her sex. He did so in a firm manner.
They moaned and pressed against each other.
She grabbed his dick, positioned it at her vaginal opening, and pushed her butt into him. She impaled herself on his hard cock.
Marcus enjoyed her warm, wet, tight hole. He grabbed her hips and drove his cock in to the hilt.
"OH!" they gasped.
Scarlett put a foot on the edge of the tub to give her lover better access to her pussy, and Marcus fucked her hard, without mercy.
Neither lasted long.
"Ohhh," she cried out as she orgasmed.
"Ohhhh," he groaned and filled her void with his cum.
They gasped and enjoyed the good feeling that surged through their bodies. His dick shrank and slipped out of her.
Scarlett squatted and expelled his sperm from her cavity. She returned to washing her body. She finished and stepped out of the shower.
Marcus washed, rinsed, and joined her. He dried his body while she ran a comb through her hair.
"That's a nice way to start the day," Marcus said brightly.
"Yes," she answered. "Good sex is fun. You are a good lover. I like having sex with you."
"I like having sex with you," he said. He leaned in for a kiss.
She hesitated to give him her lips. It was an awkward kiss.
"I like you," she said. She looked at the floor and confessed, "I am not good with the lovey-dovey stuff. I am not skilled at reading body language and expressions. This has been a problem in my romantic relationships.
"I miss cues, and my partner thinks I am ignoring them or that I no longer like them, and they break up with me. I hesitated to kiss you because, in my mind, having sex was proof that I like you. Another intimate gesture should be unnecessary.
"I was detangling my hair. It is hard for me to quickly change my focus. Will you require constant reassurance that I like you?"
"No. It may take some time for me to adjust to your style. Will you put up with my behavior?"
"Yes, but not forever."
"Wow!"
"Too honest?"
"No. Just honest."
^^^
Marcus moved into Scarlett's apartment.
They had some bumps, as all couples do when they first cohabitate. The learning curve was easier for them because they expressed themselves honestly and didn't have to worry the other party would have hurt feelings.
Marcus enjoyed his low-maintenance girlfriend. It was freeing not to wonder what she was thinking or how she was feeling. When problems arose, Scarlett didn't sulk. She wasn't passive-aggressive. She spoke up, and they dealt with it. Marcus was also forthright.
Their sex life was great.
"None of my mates would believe how uncomplicated my sex life is," Marcus said to himself. He had come home from work later than Scarlett. He was in their bedroom, removing his clothes.
He and Scarlett had become 'home nudists', and were naked whenever they were in their apartment. There were two reasons for this. One, Marcus loved to see his girlfriend's naked body, and two, he learned that she needed downtime after interacting with the world, and she didn't always give herself the necessary time to recover and relax.
Marcus convinced her that he was a convert to nudism and asked that they practice it at home. She agreed. When Scarlett was alone and naked, she naturally slipped into a meditative, zen-like state. She found peace and tranquility. Stress and anxiety left her body, and her equilibrium was restored.
The home nudist line was a successful ploy. It allowed her to practice the self-care she needed without a big fuss being made about it.
Tonight, Marcus had purposely come home after his girlfriend so she would be rested and in a good state of mind because he wanted sex.
He walked into the family room and stopped in front of Scarlett. She was naked and sitting on the sofa reading after meditating. He stood there and said nothing.
She glanced up from her astronomy book and looked at his erection.
She leaned forward and took it into her mouth. She gave him a great BJ and swallowed his load.
"Thanks, Babe," Marcus said. "I needed that. Anything I can do for you?"
He was prepared for a variety of responses. Sometimes she asked that he fuck or eat her. Her response could be as mundane as to make dinner, do the laundry, or take out the trash.
Tonight, she said, "No. I want to read my book."
She returned to her book. Marcus went to the kitchen. As he worked on dinner he thought, "I love this woman. She either sucks cock or doesn't. She wraps her lips around my manhood or shakes her head no. I get a simple quick yes or no answer.
"God! What a lucky man I am!" Marcus thought. "There's no drama! I can accept a negative response. What I don't like is the complaining, accusations, or insinuations that some women engage in that can ruin a whole night or several days.
"I love you, Scarlett!" he shouted.
She raised her hand, acknowledging his words. She didn't respond or look up from her book.
^^^
The following night, Scarlett was home first. She undressed, sat on the sofa, and went to her peaceful place.
When Marcus came home, he took off his clothes and walked into the family room. He got down on his knees in front of his girlfriend and pushed open her legs.
Scarlett didn't resist.
Marcus fully opened her legs and put his mouth on her pussy.
"Ohh," Scarlett sighed. She put down her book on cloud nebula.
Marcus was like a pig searching for truffles as he rooted around in her thick black bush. He found the treasure and got his girl off.
"OHH!" she moaned as she found her bliss.
Scarlett rested and then said, "That was great. How should I reward the man with the talented tongue?"
She slid off the sofa and got on top of him. Marcus lay on his back. She straddled his hips and took his dick deep inside her vagina.
"Ohh," they moaned.
They bucked and fucked and climaxed and held each other tight as pure joy surged through their veins.
^^^
The next day, the couple traveled home together after a tough day at work. They went to their bedroom and undressed.
"Let's have sex," Scarlett said.
"Okay," Marcus replied, and he kissed her.
They kissed a long time.
He moved down and feasted on her bosom and fingered her.
She sucked his cock until it was as hard as steel.
"Let me eat you," Marcus said.
"No. I have another idea," the ponytailed brunette said. She reached into her nightstand drawer and pulled out her bullet vibrator. She held it up for her lover to see.
"What are you going to do with that?"
"Get me off."
"And what about me?"
"Oh. You are getting off too."
She pushed on his chest and guided him onto his back. She sat on his hips, trapping his hard cock between them. She slid back and forth. Her wet labia majora was on either side of his dick.
She smiled, turned on the vibrator, and placed it against her right nipple. She pressed it against her pointy nip and slowly dragged it down her body to her clit.
"Ohhh," she moaned.
"Am I just going to watch you?"
"Mostly."
She flipped around and sat on his thighs, facing his feet. She said, "I think you like my butt."
"I LOVE YOUR BUTT!"
"Good answer," she said. "I am going to ride your big hard cock, and you can stare at my ass and watch your dick disappear inside my pussy."
"Oh, yeah!"
"I thought you would like that. Probably too much. You will cum quickly and leave me unsatisfied."
"Babe..."
She interrupted him and said, "Last Wednesday, we had sex, and you came in three minutes. I had barely gotten into it."
"Well..." His face reddened. and he looked embarrassed.
She turned on her vibrator and said, "That is why I have this. You can enjoy the view and my pussy, and my little friend will finish me if you cum prematurely."
She grabbed his penis, raised her ass, aligned them, and took him inside her.
"Ohh," they groaned.
She rode him slowly. She enjoyed being stretched, being filled, and being deeply penetrated.
Marcus enjoyed her warm wonderful pussy, and the view was spectacular!
Scarlett liked being in control. She was in charge of the angle, pace, and depth of penetration. She switched on her vibrator and held it against her clit as she rode the love of her life.
"Ohhh," she moaned.
His dick was hitting her G-spot perfectly, and the device gave her clitoris a reliable rush of sensation.
"Oh...Hmmm," Marcus groaned. He was a fan of reverse cowgirl because he could sit back, relax, and enjoy the view.
He loved Scarlett's bottom. He loved seeing it bounce on his cock. He loved watching her pussy swallow his cock, and he loved it when her cute little asshole winked at him.
"OH!" he groaned when he came.
Scarlett didn't complain. She focused on what the pocket rocket was doing to her button.
"Ohhh!" she cried out as she climaxed. It was a good one. A curl your toes, can't help but moan orgasm.
^^^
Marcus graduated from college and went to work at a firm doing data analysis. When Scarlett graduated, they got married and started their own company. Word got around that about the quality of their work. Scarlett's work. She was a savant at data mining and analysis.
Marcus ran the office and dealt with the customers.
Scarlett did the heavy lifting. Her work amazed and impressed their clients.
^^^
One day, in the third year of their marriage, Scarlett went to her husband's office and said, "I have completed the Patterson project. Come. Let's go to the doctor's office."
"What? Are you feeling ill?" Marcus asked as he stood.
"I am fine," she responded. "This project cements our reputation as the place to go for data analysis. It will also put us 43% ahead of revenue projections for the year.
"You promised that when our company was a success, you would give me a son who looks exactly like you."
Marcus smiled and said, "We have made our company a financial success, and I did promise you a son. The doctor's appointment is for...?"
She raised her left arm, pointed to her bicep, and said, "The doctor is removing my birth control implant."
^^^
They went to the doctor's office. The procedure was simple.
As they walked out of the physician's office, Marcus said, "While we're downtown, let's have dinner."
"Okay. Your favorite steak place is nearby."
They had dinner, went home, and took off their work clothes. Marcus snuck up on his naked wife, embraced her from behind, pressed his erection into her butt, and firmly grabbed her boobs.
"Is this you telling me you are ready for sex?" Scarlett asked.
"Yes, dear. I love you. I want you. I'm ready to impregnate you."
"The doctor said once the implant is gone, I can get pregnant. I do not think he meant tonight, but I want sex. Give me a sandy-hair son!"
Marcus scooped his wife up and carried her to their bed. He dove between her thighs and lapped her pussy with a firm tongue.
"Oh!" she moaned.
He ate her sex, got her very wet, and brought her to an orgasm.
"OH!!" she gasped, and her body spasmed.
When she recovered, she climbed on top of him and rode him hard. They came simultaneously, and he filled her with baby batter and dreams of a son.
^^^
They had sex daily for thirteen days.
^^^
Two weeks after they began trying to get pregnant, Marcus was in bed, and Scarlett exited the en suite bathroom and stepped into their bedroom. Her cute boobs bobbled. Her face was neutral as usual.
She was wearing panties which was unusual. Marcus and Scarlett slept naked. In the five years, they had lived together, he had not seen her wear underwear to bed.
She said, "I got my period."
She snapped the waistband of her undies and said, "I am wearing period panties. They are comfortable, absorbent, and leak-proof."
"I'm sorry you're not pregnant," Marcus said. "We will keep trying. I owe you a boy."
"Yes, you do."
^^^Three days later^^^
Marcus came home from the office, found his nude wife reading in the family room, and said, "Scarlett, I've been recalled by the Marines. I leave next week."
"What? How can this happen?"
"When you join the military, the commitment is for eight years. You serve on active duty for four years and are in the Individual Ready Reserve for another four years. I can be recalled at any time. The government is exercising their option."
"There is nothing we can do?"
"No."
Scarlett looked stunned. Her body trembled. Marcus hugged his wife and said, "I'll be all right. They don't want me to fight this time. They need help with military logistics and supply chain management.
"The guy that was doing the job had a stroke. That's why they need me so quickly. I should be able to return in four months...six months at the most."
"YOU MUST COME HOME!" she pleaded. He held her tight and promised, "I will."
They embraced for minutes.
Scarlett said, "Come. We are going to have sex. Today and every day until you leave. You owe me a son."
He stripped, and they got into bed. Scarlett was assertive, and they fuck vigorously. Marcus came inside her twice.
^^^
They had energetic and intense sex daily until Marcus departed.
Scarlett cried as she saw him off. She cried the next day because she missed him. She cried again the day she got her period.
^^^
Four days after Marcus left for the Middle East, a pair of Marines rang the doorbell of Scarlett's house and Cliff's home at seven p.m.
Cliff and Scarlett opened the door and saw two Marines wearing their Service Alpha uniforms.
"Yes?" Scarlett said.
"Ma'am, I am Captain Miller. This is Chapel Franklin. Are you Scarlett Jones? The wife of Marcus Jones?"
"Yes."
"May we come in?"
"Yes."
Scarlett led the uniformed men into her family room. She sat and gestured that they should sit.
The men didn't sit.
Captain Miller said, "The commandant of the Marine Corps has entrusted me to express his deep regret that your husband, Marcus, was killed in action in Falluja, Iraq today.
"Members of the Islamic militant jihadist group called the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria launched a missile attack on our troops in Camp Baharia and killed six Marines, including your husband.
"The commandant extends his deepest sympathy to you and your family for your loss."
The color drained from Scarlett's face, and tears streaked her cheeks.
^^^
Cliff opened his door, saw the Marines, and he knew what had happened.
"Oh, no," Cliff said.
The Marines introduced themselves and confirmed he was Marcus' father. Cliff invited them in and sat as they made the death notification.
He sat in silence for a few minutes. The Marines stood and allowed him to process the information.
Cliff said, "You're going to kill the bastards that did this, aren't you?"
"They are already dead."
Cliff stood, extended his hand, and shook their hands. He said, "Good. I'm guessing your brethren are notifying his widow. I'm the only family she has in town. I'll go to her."
He showed the Marines out and went to the kids' house.
As he drove, he wondered, "This is terrible, heart-breaking news. Any wife would be devastated. Will her autism complicate things? Marcus said she's a straight-talker and wants people to be honest and direct with her. I'll do my best to comfort her."
The Chaplin answered the door. Cliff explained who he was, and the Marines left Scarlett in his care.
Cliff and Scarlett sat on the sofa. They talked some.
Her sentences were short and direct. Cliff mimicked her style. Mostly, they cried and held each other. Cliff remembered that Marcus had said she preferred firm touches and held her tightly.
They fell asleep.
Cliff woke. He had his arm around his daughter-in-law. She was leaning against him with her head against his chest.
He moved and woke her. They untangled. She said, "I loved Marcus."
"I know. He loved you very much."
"He promised he would come home."
Cliff grimaced. He didn't speak.
"He promised to give me a sandy-haired son. I want a baby boy that looks like him."
Cliff looked at her with red eyes full of sorrow. He nodded, signaling he heard her and understood her grief.
"You must lie with me. You can fulfill his promise."
Cliff's eyes grew wide. He quickly dismissed the notion as the mad ramblings of a grieving young widow.
^^^
For the next couple of days, Cliff spent a lot of time with Scarlett. He made the arrangements for the funeral. The service was as good as these things can be. It was well-attended.
Scarlett threw herself into her work. At times, she and Cliff were adrift. They cried, overcome with grief.
^^^
A week later, Scarlett called Cliff and said, "I want to see you tonight."
"Sure. We can have dinner. What to come to my house?"
"I will bring Chinese takeout, and I will be there at seven."
She arrived on time. They didn't talk much. They sat at his kitchen table and ate the food she had brought.
When they were done eating she said, "I have come to collect on your son's promise."
Cliff gave her a confused look. She didn't react, so Cliff asked, "What do you mean?"
"I am ovulating. You need to lie with me and get me pregnant."
"Wait. You can't be serious!" Cliff said. He looked shocked.
She gave him a piercing look and said, "'I do not kid. I speak honestly."
"You're grieving. I'm also sad that Marcus is gone, but we can't have sex. I'm your father-in-law!"
"We can," Scarlett said. "I am holding you responsible for your son's promise. You are the only one who can give me a baby with his genes. Your wife has passed, so you are not breaking any vows. We are not blood relatives, so there is no reason to be concerned about the health and viability of the baby."
Cliff stared at her in disbelief.
She stood, took his hand, and said, "Come with me to your bed. This is not a tawdry activity. It is not about pleasure. We will not kiss. We will have intercourse, and you will give me a son."
She tugged. He stood and followed her to the bedroom. She quickly undressed and got into bed.
Cliff excused himself and went into the bathroom. He undressed, looked into the mirror, and said, "This is crazy."
He stared into the glass and said, "Maybe this isn't so crazy. Marcus talked about having children with Scarlett. She is all alone, and having a son would be a comfort. I'm her best option if she wants a boy who looks like her husband.
"It's not like I'm taking advantage of her. She is a grown woman, and this is her idea."
He washed his face, brushed his teeth and hair, and used mouthwash. He stepped into the bedroom naked. He was nervous. It showed in his eyes and his limp dick.
He paused and looked at her. He said to himself, "She is so young and so beautiful. Look at her face. I don't see a trace of doubt in her eyes. Okay. I'll do what she wants."
He came to her side of the bed. She didn't speak or hesitate. She grabbed his dick and blew him until he was as hard as a rock. She spun about and presented her sex to him.
Cliff slid his cock into his daughter-in-law. He groaned and thought, "God! It's been so long since I've been with a woman. After Cindy died, no other woman appealed to me."
He thrust into Scarlett and didn't last long.
"Ohhh!" he cried out. He grabbed her hips, forcefully drove his dick deep inside her, and deposited his sperm. He gasped and sat on the bed.
Scarlett said, "See you tomorrow." She left the room.
^^^
The next evening they met again.
Scarlett explained, "I read online that I should have sex the day before, the day I am ovulating, and the day after to maximize my chances of getting pregnant. We will have sex tonight and tomorrow night.
"If I don't get pregnant, we will repeat the process next month and the month after that, if necessary."
"If that's what you want," Cliff said.
"It is."
Cliff got an erection thinking about fucking the attractive young woman. He thought, "Is it wrong that I'm excited about having sex with Scarlett? I agreed to this for her sake, but it is not without benefits for me."
She excused herself to use the bathroom. Cliff went to the bedroom, undressed, and got into bed. He pushed the pillows against the headboard and leaned against them, sitting up in the bed.
She entered, took off her robe, and exposed her youthful body. She got into bed, grabbed his penis, and said, "You're hard."
"Yes. Sorry about yesterday. I was nervous."
She let go of his penis, got on her hands and knees, and swung her hips around so he could take her doggie-style.
"Wait," he said. "I know we agreed there would be no kissing. Can I suck on your breasts? Please climb on top of me, ride me, and let me enjoy your boobs."
He stared into her eyes and thought, "What possessed you to say that to her? You sound like a dirty old man. Fuck! You've ruined this."
"You want to suck my nipples?"
He nodded and said, "Yes. I'd like it very much."
"Okay. Let me wet your dick so penetration will be easier."
She sucked his cock, straddled the sandy-haired man, and impaled herself on his manhood.
"Mmm," she moaned.
"Oh!" he gasped.
She leaned forward and placed her hands on the headboard. Her breasts were near his face.
Cliff kissed her breasts and sucked on her nipples.
Scarlett closed her eyes, moaned occasionally, and rode him.
"Ohh! Gawd!" Cliff grunted as he came inside his daughter-in-law. She sat on his dick until he had expelled all his semen.
^^^
The next night, Cliff grilled chicken and vegetables for their dinner. He and Scarlett ate in silence. She left the table, and he cleaned up.
He opened the bedroom door and stepped inside.
"I am not ready," the naked young brunette protested. She was on the bed masturbating.
Cliff came to her. She looked at him. He gently grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand out of her crotch.
"I am not wet enough for intercourse," she stated.
"There is another way to prepare you," he said as he undressed.
He lowered his head to her sex and licked it.
"No."
He stopped, looked at her face, and said, "I am an old man. May I know the pleasure of tasting you? It will achieve your goal and prepare us for what comes next."
She considered his words and nodded.
Cliff breathed deeply, inhaled her scent, and brought his mouth to her pussy.
"Oh," she moaned softly.
He feasted on her sex, enjoying the aroma, savoring her tart flavor, and loving the small sounds she made as his tongue caressed her clit. He stayed there longer than necessary to prepare her for penetrative sex.
He brought her to the brink of an orgasm, stopped, and quickly climbed on top of her. He thrust his organ inside her.
"Ohh!" they cried out.
She clutched him. She hooked her legs around his ass and pulled him to her as they rutted.
"Oh, oh, oh," she moaned.
"Ohhhh!" she hollered as she came.
"Ahhh!" he exclaimed and filled her pussy with his sperm. He collapsed on top of her.
They gasped for air. He kissed her neck.
"No kissing," she reminded.
She scrambled out from under him and left the room.
^^^
Scarlett called three days later.
"Cliff, I am not pregnant. We need to have more sex."
"Okay. When?"
"In twenty-five days."
"Okay."
^^^
She came over to Cliff's house during her fertile period for their next series of intercourse. Over dinner, she told him her rules.
"I understand," he said. "Use a firm touch. No teasing, no feathery caresses, or kisses on the mouth, and it's okay to be blunt and just come out and tell you what I want. I can say 'I want oral sex' or 'I want to give you oral sex'. "
"Sweet Jesus," Cliff said to himself. "This is a dream come true. I'm going to have sex with a hot, young thing, and it's okay to say, 'Suck my dick'."
They had sex for three nights. This time it was better as far as Cliff was concerned. They didn't kiss, but she allowed him to prepare her for sex. He was allowed to suck on her tits, touch her body anywhere, and eat her pussy.
He fulfilled his duty and came inside her. She orgasmed as well.
The second set of sex did the trick. Scarlett got pregnant. Nine months later, she gave birth to Gwen.
When Cliff saw mother and child in the hospital, Scarlett said, "Little Gwen is adorable, but this is not how it is supposed to be."
"I know," Cliff answered.
^^^
Cliff was there when Scarlett and the baby can home from the hospital. He stayed in the guest bedroom, played the dutiful grandfather, and helped out as much as he could.
"You are very good with Gwen," Scarlett said one morning. "I do not know what I would do without you."
"Raising a baby is hard," he said. "I'm glad to help out. Maybe I should move in?"
"Are you okay with causal nudity?" she asked.
Cliff's brow furled. He cocked his head and gave his daughter-in-law a questioning look. This didn't register with Scarlett, but she knew from having the same discussion with Marcus that more information was required.
She continued, "You know I am autistic. My brain is not wired like yours. I perceive things and react differently than you. It is a struggle for me to live in your world.
"I have to work very hard to get by. It puts a lot of stress on me. I get anxious and frustrated, and I need some downtime to rest and recover.
"Have heard of the term 'finding your zen'?"
"My wife meditated," Cliff said. "She described it as a process to find peace. To shut out the noise, centered herself, and find contentment."
"Yes. Exactly. Some people chant, some focus on their breathing, and others visualize images, like sunrises, sunsets, or being alone on a beach...images that have calming effect.
"I find that being naked helps me get to my peaceful place. I relax, heal, and regain my strength...my power.
"I would like you to live with Gwen and me. As I said, you are a tremendous help to me. Would it distress you if you saw me naked?"
"No, but what does being unclothed have to do with your healing process?"
"The short answer is because I find it works best that way. I will also give you the long answer. We have not discussed my condition. This will give you some insight into me"
"I would appreciate that," Cliff said. "I want to understand you."
"People have five senses: touch, sight, hearing, smell and taste. Our bodies are constantly sending our brain information from our sensing organs. It is our brain's job to monitor all this data and decide if a response is necessary and how to react.
"For neurotypical people like you, this process happens out of your consciousness...behind the scene, so to speak. This allows you to focus on your job, conversations, or whatever you want. If your brain decides that some data requires a response, it breaks through, and you react.
"For example, it might signal you are cold, and you put on a sweater. It might say, 'Hey, you are not safe! Get out of here!' or 'Look out for that car!' and you react accordingly. Or you smell coffee, and you say, 'I want some'."
Cliff nodded.
"Autistic people have the same senses, generate information, and send it to our brains, but we process some or all of it differently. Things that you can ignore, I cannot. This can lead to sensory overload, which is stressful and makes me anxious.
"I do not wear makeup because the texture and smell bother me. I do not suntan because I cannot stand the heat, the bright sunlight, and goopy, greasy suntan lotion on my skin. Tags, seams, and the feel of clothing fabric can be an issue.
"Being naked is great. I am free. There are no complaints about scratchy clothes or clothes that are too tight or too loose. I am at peace. I rest and recover.
"I understand. Thank you for the insight," Cliff said."
^^^
Cliff moved in. He occasional stumbled upon Scarlett as she was meditating. She was unclothed, her eyes were closed, and she appeared to be focusing inward.
He looked at her bits. He might have a flashback to the times they had sex. He didn't disturb her. He was quiet, respectful, and left her alone.
There were other times when she was naked for the joy and sense of freedom of being nude. She might be reading, watching television, or cleaning the house. Those times, he'd engage her in conversation and alow himself to enjoy the way her boobs bounced or the curve of her hip.
He joined her in causal nudity. Some times it led to sex.
^^^Four weeks after birthing Gwen^^^
One night, Cliff fed and put the baby to bed. He was in the hall headed to his bedroom, and a thought popped into his head. He decided to tell Scarlett. Her bedroom door was slightly open. He pushed on it and stuck his head inside.
He saw his daughter-in-law naked on the bed with a bullet vibrator between her legs. She looked up, saw him, screamed, and said, "You should knock!"
"Sorry. You're right. I apologize." He turned his head away as he backed out of the room. He paused and asked, "Should you be doing that so soon after giving birth?"
Scarlett shut off the vibrator, pulled the bedspread over her naked body, and said, "The doctor said not to use Tampons or have penetrative sex for six weeks. This device stimulates my clitoris. It does not go inside me."
"Oh. I see. Goodnight. Sorry."
Cliff closed the door and said, "That was embarrassing."
He heard a buzzing sound, chuckled, and said, "I guess my interruption didn't kill the mood." He got an erection and stayed a while, listening to the sound of the vibrator and Scarlett's moans and groans.
He got his dick out and stroked it as he eavesdropped on his daughter-in-law. He heard her orgasm. He rushed into the hall bathroom, soaped up his cock, and beat off into the sink, visualizing Scarlett's naked body.
^^^
At breakfast, the following morning Cliff said, "I'm sorry for disturbing you last night. You have every right to your privacy."
She nodded. She didn't look upset with him. She said, "Some people look at orgasms as purely for pleasure. They actually provide many health benefits. They relieve stress, elevate your mood, and release beneficial hormones such as oxytocin, serotonin, and dopamine.
"One nationally known doctor and author recommends women have a minimum of three orgasms a week."
"Really?"
"Yes. I do not always meet that goal," Scarlett said. "How often do you masturbate?"
Cliff felt his face warm and knew he was blushing. He stammered, "Ah...Ah...Ah."
"You should not be embarrassed," Scarlett said. "Sex is good for men too. It relieves stress, decreases your chance of prostate cancer, and doctors think it reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease."
"What the hell do I have to lose?" Cliff thought.
He said, "I don't masturbate often. I'm embarrassed to jack off. That's something high school boys do. Maybe we could help each other. I'd feel less shame if I had sex with you."
He added quickly before he lost his nerve, "It would keep my equipment in good working order. You still want a son that looks like Marcus, don't you?"
"Yes. I do. We can masturbate together tonight."
"Great!"
^^^
That evening, after feeding and putting Gwen to bed, Cliff and Scarlett retired to her bedroom. They stripped and got into bed.
She tossed him a hand towel and said, "Use this to catch your semen. Do not cum on me. Your sperm inside me is okay. Cum on my skin is not."
He nodded.
They masturbated.
"Ohh!" she hollered when her bullet vibrator took her over the edge.
"Ohhhh!" Cliff groaned.
He stroked his dick as he stared at her breasts and pussy, and he came in the towel.
^^^
Two nights later, after Gwen was in bed, Cliff asked, "Scarlett, do you want to go to your bedroom and orgasm?"
"Yes."
They went to her room, undressed, and got on the bed.
"I know it's too soon to have penetrative sex," Cliff said. "Can we have oral sex?"
"Oral sex is not prohibited by my doctor."
"I'd like to eat you, and I love your blowjobs. What do you say?"
"I enjoy oral sex."
"Shall we sixty-nine?"
"No. I prefer to take turns. I do not multitask well. When I suck your cock I want to focus on pleasing you and what I am doing. Likewise when I am receiving oral sex, I want to focus on what you are doing, the sensations I feel, and my orgasm.
"That makes sense," Cliff said. "Can I go first? I'm dying to taste you!"
"Yes."
She lay down and spread her legs. He knelt between her legs and dove head first into her furry patch.
"Ahh!" they sighed.
He ate her pussy like a starving man attacking a meal. His lips and tongue were everywhere.
"OHHH!" she cried out when he made her orgasm.
After a brief rest, she returned the favor. She attacked him with equal vigor and swallowed his massive load.
^^^
Two days later, they went into Scarlett's bedroom to have sex. He played with her boobs. She gave him head.
He sighed, pulled his cock out of her mouth, and said, "It isn't supposed to be this way."
"What do you mean?" she asked as she wiped spittle off her lips.
"I love you, Scarlett," Cliff said. "You deserve to hear the truth. I'm using you for sex. You should be with someone your age. You're young. You could marry again."
"I could say the same things to you. I'm using you to take care of Gwen. I am using you for sex. I am keeping you from meeting someone your age and getting married.
"I care for you," she said. She reached out and stroked his face. "I do not want to re-marry, and I am here because I want to be. You fulfill my needs for sex and companionship, and we share a love for Gwen."
She grabbed his cock, stroked it, and said, "I am not good with people. The likelihood I will find a man who will put up with my quirks is small. Marcus is and will always be the love of my life. Any man I meet will realize that and leave.
"It is okay to fuck me. Shoot your cum into my mouth and into my vagina. I am using you as much as you are using me. You cannot leave me. You have to fulfill your son's promise. Give me a boy who looks like and acts like Marcus."
Cliff nodded.
Scarlett wrapped her lips around his erection and gave him a hell of a blowjob.
"Ohhhh!" he hollered as he came.
He performed oral sex on her. She screamed louder than he had when she climaxed.
^^^
They had great sex three to four times a week. Sometimes Scarlett used her vibrator. Usually, she asked for Cliff's tongue.
He loved her BJs. Occasionally, he pulled on her stiff nipples as she sucked his cock. He liked making her squeal.
When Scarlett was cleared for full sex, they fucked.
^^^Two years after Gwen's birth^^^
"Cliff, I am ready to get pregnant," Scarlett said. "Make it a boy this time."
"Yes, Ma'am."
"I will be ovulating next week."
"I've been reading up on the science of getting pregnant," Cliff said. "New studies from the Mayo Clinic show that the highest pregnancy rates occur in couples who have sex every day. Even more than couples who focus on when the woman is ovulating."
"Okay. We can do that."
Cliff and Scarlett had mind-blowing sex that night, the night after, and every night after that.
^^^
"I am pregnant!" Scarlett announced gleefully one night at dinner. She gave birth to another beautiful baby girl.
Scarlett hired a nanny.
^^^
Two years later, when Cliff was fifty-eight and a half. They tried again. Scarlett became pregnant after two cycles and had another baby girl.
Cliff was nearly sixty-one years old when they tried the next time. The gray-haired old man palmed one of Scarlett's saggy breasts.
She said, "Breastfeeding three babies gave has given me stretch marks, large, dark areolas, and sagging boobs. Do you still want to touch them?"
"I do."
Cliff squeezed the breast, kissed it, and sucked on her large nipple.
"Mmmm," Scarlett moaned. She pulled his head to her chest and held it there.
Cliff stayed and sucked. His actions brought them pleasure.
He moved down and licked her vagina.
"Oh," she gasped.
"Mmmm," he moaned and told himself, "Her breasts have changed quite a bit since I first saw them. Her pussy. Not at all." He slid a finger inside his daughter-in-law and thought, "She's as delicious and tight as ever."
The senior citizen had no trouble performing. He fucked the thirty-something-year-old to orgasm every night for three months in a row.
Scarlett got pregnant, gave birth to a son, and named him Marcus.
Cliff entered her hospital room and saw Scarlett beaming as she held her baby boy. She said, "Thank you. You have fulfilled your son's promise."
Cliff chuckled and said, "We had a few false starts, but we got it done."
The End