Ch 4: An Afternoon at the Pool
Author's notes:
1. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
2. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
3. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
Marcie gradually surfaced from a deep sleep and checked the time – 8.14. Normally on a Sunday morning she met with Dana for a woman-to-woman chat over breakfast before Greg appeared, so she was late but then remembered the previous night and thought that Dana would probably be late too. Quietly she got out of bed, looked for her night dress, remembered it was still downstairs, so put on her sheer wrap around robe and went to the kitchen. Empty. As she started to organise breakfast, recollections of last night came to her and she felt so wonderfully loved that she just hugged herself.
Dana arrived a few minutes later in a clean, sheer night dress, looking somewhat bleary-eyed.
"Good morning, Mom," she said.
"Good morning, Dana. You look a bit tired this morning. Didn't you sleep well last night?"
"Not really. Didn't get to sleep till quite late actually."
"Did you enjoy the show we put on?"
That woke Dana up. "Show? What show?" she asked, blushing.
"Oh come on, Dana, you know we have no secrets between us. Both Dad and I know that you were downstairs watching us in our Dungeon while we made love last night. Did you enjoy watching? Did you learn anything?"
By this time Dana's face was bright red and she couldn't look her mother in the face.
"You knew?" she almost whispered, "Yet you continued to make love and have those crashingly huge orgasms even knowing that I was watching you?" she asked incredulously.
"Yes, honey, in some respects knowing that you were watching was quite a turn on for both of us. And there's absolutely no reason for you not to watch. After all, we are your parents, we have taught you a great deal of what you know about life, why should we not teach you about lovemaking? You'll be 18 on Friday and after that you are legally allowed to make love yourself with whoever you choose, so the timing was pretty good, don't you think?"
"So you're not mad at me? You're not going to punish me for spying on you?" asked a confused Dana.
"Of course we're not mad at you. We would have preferred it if you had asked if you could watch and then you could have sat on the bed while we made love and seen how we pleasured each other in greater detail, but no, we're not mad at you."
Dana began to cry and reached over to give her mother a huge hug.
"I'm sorry, Mom," she sobbed, "It's just that I didn't ever think that you would willingly let me watch your personal, intimate moments with Dad. I didn't think of it as learning, only as perving, and this is considered to be so wrong."
"I understand, sweetheart. It's hard growing up when sex is a taboo subject yet is so important to a healthy, full and complete life."
"Does Dad know I was watching?"
"Yes, it was Dad who first noticed you were there. He's fine about it too."
"Oh, Mom, I do love you both so much. Thank you soooo much."
"Now," said Marcie, moving to the important stuff, "Let's eat breakfast and discuss what is happening about your birthday on Friday. You're turning 18. I was thinking that maybe a small dinner party would be better than a slap up big impersonal party. That would allow you to invite Todd, so we could at last get to have a talk with this paragon of male virtue that you have attracted, and also you might like to invite Gabby and Chris, who I presume is still her current boyfriend."
The two women busied themselves preparing breakfast while they discussed the arrangements that would need to be made for the dinner party, which Dana had agreed to with alacrity. They decided that a dinner party for the six of them would be just perfect. They finished eating their breakfast and were clearing the dishes when Marcie spoke.
"Now after your birthday dinner I'm guessing that you and Todd will want to check out what it's like to make love for the first time legally. I don't know if you've had sex with him already, you may still be a virgin technically, although I would think there would be no trace of your virginity remaining after tampons and other more exciting objects have been inserted into your love tunnel. So I'm also guessing that at the first opportunity ..."
Dana interrupted her Mom, blushing gently, "You're right, Mom. I've been using tampons since my periods started when I was twelve, and I've also been using dildos and vibrators in my love tunnel, as you called it, for the past couple of years. But I have never allowed a boyfriend to put his cock up there. His fingers, yes, occasionally, but so far not his cock. I'm so looking forward to feeling Todd's big cock in my pussy," she concluded dreamily.
"Yes, that's as I thought. So what will you two do? Leave the dinner as soon as you can and have a quickie in the back of Todd's car? Sweetheart, your first time with a real cock should be memorable. It should be comfortable and can in fact set the scene for how your sex life progresses for the rest of your life. So I was thinking, and I haven't spoken to your Dad about this yet, that maybe you would like Todd to stay over and you could sleep together on the king size bed in our Dungeon. He would be most welcome to stay both Friday and Saturday nights if you like. I'm sure your Dad and I could manage without using the Dungeon for two nights," she added with a laugh.
"Oh Mom, that would be absolutely awesome. Thank you. Thank you so much."
Dana stepped over and embraced her mother, giving her a big hug. "No peeking though," she added into her mother's ear. They both chuckled at the thought, and hugged each other tighter, breast to breast, bush to landing strip, separated only by their thin, sheer clothing.
"Good morning ladies," said Greg as he entered the kitchen, wearing only his boxer shorts, "Is this a private hug or can anyone join in?" He didn't wait for an answer but placed an arm across each of their backs and joined in the hug. Fortunately his recent sexual endeavors meant that his cock only responded slightly instead of becoming rampantly erect in the presence of the two almost naked women whom he loved more than anyone else on earth.
"Good morning darling", "Good morning Daddy," they replied almost in unison.
They held the hug for a few moments and it was Dana who broke it and turned to face her Dad.
"Dad, I'm really sorry about spying on you and Mom in the Dungeon last night. Mom and I have discussed it and I know that you're not mad at me. But I am sorry." Then she added as an afterthought "But wow, were you guys awesome!! I just hope that I find a lover as awesome as you are to Mom."
"That's OK, honey. I'm just a bit sad that you thought you had to observe us covertly instead of just coming out and asking if you could watch. I guess that while our family is very open about such things, generally sex is something that is not discussed and certainly not watched or taught. I guess it's inevitable that you pick up on these repressive attitudes."
"Oh Dad, thank you. I love you," she said as she reached over to give him a hug. Once again Greg was grateful for the active sex life he had been leading over the past few weeks so he could control his reaction as his nubile young daughter pressed herself against him, even wiggling her hips a little to feel his cock against her pussy.
Without further discussion they sat down in companionable silence and ate breakfast.
"Right, enough of this procrastination," said Marcie after a few moments, "Greg, your breakfast's on the counter and then lawns need mowing this morning and can you please clean the cars and tidy up downstairs – it's quite a mess after last night's 'business meeting'." Marcie grinned, as did Greg. "Dana, can you please get dressed and we'll head to town in about half an hour to organise your dinner party. We're having a dinner party on Friday evening for Dana's 18th birthday," she explained in response to Greg's unspoken question. "Then this afternoon as it is a beautifully fine warm day, I suggest an afternoon by the pool."
"Sounds good to me," says Dana as she leaves to get ready, "See you in half an hour or so."
"Now Greg," continues Marcie quietly after Dana is out of earshot, "As you know Dana turns 18 on Friday – you did remember didn't you? – so I discussed what celebrations we would have and we've decided on a small dinner party that night. There will just be us plus Todd, so we can get to meet him and learn a bit more about him, and Gabby and her boyfriend Chris. Now, as from Friday Dana will be legally allowed to fuck boys. She tells me that she's never had a cock in her but she's technically lost her virginity to tampons, dildos and fingers. She wants to remedy the missing cock issue on Friday night." Marcie held up her hand to forestall Greg's interjection. "So I told her that her first time should be beautiful and memorable rather than in the backseat of Todd's car, which she was probably planning. Therefore I have suggested that Todd stay here for Friday and Saturday nights and that she and Todd can use the Dungeon with the king size bed for the weekend. Does that sound OK to you?"
"That's fine by me," replied Greg. "Wish we'd had parents like us when we started going together," he added wistfully.
"Great, so now that's sorted, eat your breakfast and thank you for doing the chores this morning while Dana and I sort out stuff for the dinner party and have a few woman to woman discussions now that she is almost starting out on her first sexual relationship. See you back here for lunch soon after midday."
"Fine, thanks for breakfast. Have an enjoyable mother-daughter morning," replied Greg as Marcie left the room.
Greg, Marcie and Dana met in the kitchen for lunch. Marcie had bought some fresh rolls and tasty fillings and everyone was in a celebratory mood. After lunch had been cleared away it was pool time. The pool in the back yard was large and luxurious, sheltered from the wind and prying eyes by a fence and neatly trimmed hedge. The pale blue, clear water looked particularly inviting on this hot summer afternoon so nobody needed any persuading to don their swimsuits and relax on the reclining chairs on the grass verge around the pool. Soon all three had changed into their swimsuits, the women in brief bikinis and Greg in more conservative swim shorts, and had light pool wraps covering those.
Marcie and Greg reclined their loungers and were talking quietly about this morning's events, about future plans and about life in general. Marcie asked Greg if he would mind if she removed her bikini top so she could sun her breasts. Of course he didn't mind at all, but was a little surprised as it was unusual for Marcie to expose herself in this way while Dana was present. However, if she was happy, so was he.
"Honey, could you please rub some sun lotion on my back where the bra strap usually goes. I don't want a burnt strip across there," Marcie asked Greg.
"Sure, no probs. Roll over," Greg replied.
Marcie did, lying flat on the fully reclined chair as Greg carefully massaged the sun cream on her back. Dana watched from the other side of the pool.
When Greg had finished, he went back to reading the Sunday paper and heard Dana get out of her recliner and dive into the pool. He watched as his lithe daughter swam effortlessly for a few lengths of the pool before boosting herself over the edge of the pool nearest Greg and walking over to him.
"Dad, I see that Mum has removed her bikini top. Would you mind if I did as well?" she asked.
Greg's cock gave a small twitch. "Not at all, sweetheart."
"Thanks Dad. I didn't think you'd mind but Mum said I should ask first."
Dana walked back to her lounger, dried herself off on her towel and, with her back to Greg, removed her bikini top. She then lay down on her stomach on her recliner.
Hmmm, thought Greg. I wonder just what these two women were discussing this morning in their woman-to-woman talks. This seems like a setup to me. Oh well, let's see where it goes. Meantime, we can't have Dana with a sunburnt strip across her back.
Greg stood up and walked over to Dana.
"It would be a good idea to put some sun cream on your back or you may get a burnt strip where your bikini strap usually goes," he said. "Would you, like me to rub some on you?"
"Thanks, Dad, yes please if you could rub some on that would be great."
Greg took a copious amount of cream from the tube and slowly and carefully rubbed it on Dana's back, feeling the smooth sensuous skin of her daughter against his hand. Once completed, he dived in the pool and swam a few lengths, reveling in the cool water. He then returned to his recliner, dried himself off and returned to his reading.
After a while he noticed that Marcie had turned onto her back and was applying sun cream to her breasts. He watched fascinated as she massaged her breasts far more than was necessary and noticed that she had her eyes closed and her nipples were engorged and bright red. Was she reliving last night, he wondered. She appeared to come back to the present and opened her eyes.
"Greg darling, would you mind very much if I also removed the bottom half of my bikini? I have some newly bared skin there that needs to be suntanned."
Greg did a double take. While Marcie and he had sunbathed in the nude many times, it had always been when there were just then two of them, never with Dana. However, he replied "Of course you may remove the bottom half as well, honey. Do you need a hand or can you manage it yourself?" he added with a grin.
"I think I really do need a hand. I seem to be so weak after all that exercise last night," she said with a wink and a grin.
Greg knelt down alongside her recliner and slowly removed her bikini bottoms from off her hips, down her legs and off her feet. He admired her landing strip and white skin alongside, seeing it for the first time in full sunlight.
"That feels so much better," said Marcie. I'll turn over and can you please rub some sun cream onto my arse. I don't want to get burnt there or I won't be able to sit."
While Greg carefully rubbed sun cream onto his wife's beautiful buns, Dana was watching the action from across the pool. Next thing Greg knew was that Dana was standing alongside him, nipples already erect on her youthful breasts.
"Daddy," she asked, "If Mom can be naked by the pool, can I also remove my bikini bottom? You can remove yours also if you like. After all, I did see all you have under there last night."
Greg capitulated. "Yes, my sweet, you can certainly remove your bikini bottoms if you wish and thank you for giving me permission to remove my shorts. The only question remaining is who is to remove what. Would you like me to remove your bikini bottoms and you remove my shorts?"
"That sounds like a plan. I'll remove your shorts first if you like then you can remove my bottoms," suggested Dana.
"OK by me," replied Greg, as Dana reached out to Greg's shorts. She carefully reached inside and tugged the end of the drawcord, undoing the knot, and then slipped her fingers into the elastic by his hips and slowly pulled the shorts downwards. Greg felt his now semi-hard cock spring out of his shorts but Dana just kept on lowering them until he stepped out of them completely. Dana resisted the temptation to fondle Greg's cock and balls and instead said "OK Daddy, your turn now."
Greg took hold of each side of her bikini bottoms and slowly pulled them down over Dana's hips. He slowed as her short, curly, wet blonde bush came into view and then continued past her partly exposed lips, down her thighs and legs until she stepped out of them.
"When was the last time you saw me like this?" she asked flirtatiously.
"Probably when you were about four or five I guess," replied Greg. "You're more beautiful and sexy now than you were then," he added with a grin.
"Thanks," she replied, and walked slowly back to her chair, swinging her hips seductively and occasionally looking back over her shoulder at her father. "What a minx!" he muttered under his breath. He leant back into his chair, all desire to read now replaced by the scenery around the pool.
He turned to his naked wife, now lying on her back sunning the newly exposed shaved skin above her pussy. "I suppose you and Dana had something to do with these events from your talks this morning," he accused.
"Hmmm, something like that," she confessed noncommittally.
"Well," replied Greg, "Keep up the good work then, I guess."
After another hour or so of nude sunbathing lying around the pool, interspersed with the occasional swim to cool off, the doorbell rang. Greg jumped up and was about to pull on his shorts when Marcie retrained him. "It's OK," she said, "It'll be Gabby coming over to see Dana. Let her deal with it."
Dana was obviously expecting the interruption. She wrapped her throw around her naked body and went inside to answer the door. Greg could hear Dana and Gabby talking as they went to Dana's room. After about half an hour Dana appeared at the doorway and then came over to Marcie and Greg.
"Gabby is quite OK about being naked with us all if that's OK with you both. Is that OK with you?"
Wow, thought Greg, what have these women been scheming? Before he could even think of a reply or work out how he felt about the neighbor's 17 (well, nearly 18) year old daughter seeing him naked Marcie replied "That's fine, sweetheart. We've got no problems with that at all. As they say, the more the merrier," she chuckled.
"Thanks, Mom," replied Dana, and ran back inside to find Gabby. In a few moments Dana and Gabby, both wearing wraps, returned to the pool and walked over to where Dana had been sunbathing. Dana arranged a lounger for Gabby and then unceremoniously removed her wrap. Gabby hesitated for a moment, glanced at Marcie and Greg, and then, with her back to the adults, undid and removed her wrap. Greg decided that from first glance she looked very similar to Dana, but with dark rather than blonde hair, and her skin was very white where her bikini would normally cover. This was probably her first nude sunbathing session, he surmised. She sat and then lay down on her stomach on the lounger. Dana spoke with her and then rubbed sun lotion onto her back and backside, liberally coating the white areas of skin. Unseen by Greg and Marcie, she also rubbed some cream onto Gabby's pussy lips, eliciting a moan and a wriggling of hips from Gabby.
After a further half hour Dana suggested to Gabby that she should turn over or she risked being sore from sunburn on her newly exposed skin. "Do you want to swim first then come back and sunbathe your front?" she asked.
Apparently Gabby agreed that this was a good idea – cool off then more cooking. Dana stood up and walked confidently to the edge of the pool before diving cleanly into the water.
"Come on, slow poke," she called to Gabby.
Gabby glanced towards the adults then walked quickly to the edge of the pool and dived in.
"It's cold," she said as she surfaced.
"Not really, it's just that you were so hot lying in the sun," replied Dana, noticing the cool water had caused Gabby's nipples to become erect, figuring that it had probably happened with hers as well.
The two young women swam a few lengths and then rested at the end of the pool.
"This is the first time I've been skinny dipping'" said Gabby, "It feels so wonderfully free and, um, sensuous I guess."
"Yes, it's far better than wearing even a bikini in the water. The feel of water on skin is wonderfully sensuous," replied Dana, who then dived under the surface away from Gabby. Gabby quickly followed and they started playing together in the pool, diving between each other's legs and generally doing things that caused a considerable amount of touching between their slippery naked bodies. Both noticed how good these touches felt. By the time they climbed out of the pool they were both slightly sexually excited, but unlike males, they could conceal this arousal quite easily. They walked slowly back to their loungers, affording Greg a good view of all their many attributes. Gabby showed no sign of her earlier reticence about being naked in front of others. They lay down on the loungers on their backs and Gabby rubbed some sun cream onto her white breasts, hips and pussy, spending a few moments rubbing her pussy lips and clit, a sight not missed by Greg.
And so they lazed away the afternoon. Around 4pm Greg made them all drinks and enjoyed serving these to three naked ladies. Shortly afterwards they all had a final swim, spending some time cavorting and playing in the pool with plenty of body contact enjoyed by all. Again Greg was pleased that his sexual needs had been well taken care of so that he was able to keep his arousal down to a modest semi-hardness. After a final, wet, naked group hug, they collected their clothing and, still naked, walked inside to shower and dress for dinner.
Greg and Marcie shared a shower in their ensuite and unbeknownst to them, Dana and Gabby also shared a shower in Dana's bathroom.
"Mmmmm," said Marcie as the warm water washed the chlorinated pool water from her skin, "That was a wonderful afternoon."
"So what else have you and Dana been organising?" asked Greg.
"Nothing much," replied Marcie innocently. "Did you enjoy the treat we arranged for you today?"
"Oh yes. Just the whole sexual atmosphere of three beautiful naked women sunbathing by the pool was mind-blowing. A real sight for sore eyes, I can tell you. I'm just so pleased that you have taken care of me so well sexually these last few weeks or I'd have been cumming in the pool I reckon. As it was I was totally blown away when both Dana and Gabby groped my cock and balls as they dived between my legs. That was so unexpected – I'm sure they had some form of dare that if one did it then the other had to as well."
"Did they really do that!" exclaimed Marcie. "The little fiends. Well, the wonderful little fiends, well, not so little now I guess either," she added. "Of course you wouldn't have responded in any way would you?"
"Well now, I must confess that as I dived between their legs I did turn onto my back so I had a better view and even managed to have a bit of a feel of each of their pussies, 'accidentally' of course."
"Oh yes, of course," laughed Marcie.
Greg and Marcie continued their shower, soaping each other far more than was necessary until Greg's cock was standing to attention and Marcie's cunt was drooling. Lifting her up and resting her back against the shower wall, Greg entered Marcie slowly but forcefully, feeling his cock embed itself fully in her cunt with his glans resting beside her cervix.
"Oh darling," purred Marcie, "That feels wonderful. I feel so full. You have such a wonderful cock. Now pump me full of your sticky gooey cum."
Greg needed no further encouragement. He started a slow and steady movement of his cock in her cunt, feeling the pressure building in his balls as he fucked his beautiful wife. With the sexual excitement of the afternoon and the whole sensual feelings of the warm water pouring over his body and his cock buried in his loved one's cunt, he came very quickly, spurting his load against her cervix.
Marcie felt him cumming and this, combined with the stimulation of the base of his cock on her clit, the sexual energy at the pool and the warm water on her body, caused her to cum strongly on Greg's cock, feeling her cunt walls milking Greg's sperm from his cock.
They stayed that way for several minutes, enjoying the afterglow of their love making as the water flowed over them. He then lowered her to the floor and they proceeded to wash away the residue of their efforts.
"Oooh, I love you," said Marcie, giving Greg a full body hug and feeling his semi-hard cock against her landing strip.
"Love you too, darling," replied Greg, feeling her arms around his neck, her prickly landing strip against his cock and her hard nipples drilling holes into his chest.
Still flushed from the sex, they dried themselves and dressed for a casual Sunday dinner.
Meanwhile Dana and Gabby were making their own entertainment in the other shower. Each had her fingers rubbing the other's clit and pussy lips, rocking their hips in unison as their nipples rubbed together under the warm water flow.
"Did you enjoy your first time of nude sunbathing?" asked Dana.
"Oh yes," replied Gabby, "Especially seeing your father's huge cock. Wow, what must it be like when it's hard? Your poor, or lucky, mother taking that monster. Chris' cock isn't nearly that large, not that I've ever had that in my pussy. I've told him that will be my 18th birthday present to him," she added, laughing.
"Yeah," says Dana, "I'm giving Todd mine as my 18th birthday present too. Mom and Dad have allowed Todd to stay overnight for Friday and Saturday nights and we can sleep together in the king size bed in their Dungeon."
"Wow, that's real special," says Gabby, "I wonder if they would let Chris and I do that when I turn 18."
"Well, you can certainly ask or they might offer. That's a few weeks off yet though."
Just the thought that they would both be being fucked for the first time by their boyfriends was enough to increase their sexual feelings so that the movements of fingers on clits and lips became faster and more serious. Gabby came first; the rocking of her hips became a furious jerking backwards and forwards as she fucked herself on Dana's fingers. The effect on Gabby caused her fingers to increase their speed on Dana's clit and lips, taking her over the edge to a crashing orgasm.
"Oohhh, that was wonderful," they said almost in unison.
"That was sooo sexy," enthused Dana.
"I definitely agree," said Gabby. "But now we'd better hurry and get ready for dinner or your parents will wonder what we've been up to, and I don't want to have to tell them."
"No problem there," said Dana, "If I know them they'll have been fucking up a storm in their shower. But all the same, I'm hungry so it's time we dressed for dinner."
The two young women dried themselves and dressed, and then went to the kitchen. They were just in time to see Greg and Marcie arrive from the other direction. They all noticed the fresh pink just-been-fucked looks they all had and nobody made any comments.
Dinner proceeded uneventfully, Gabby thanked Marcie and Greg and then headed home.
"What a great afternoon," said Marcie. "We seem to have sorted out heaps of things and we're all ready for the big birthday dinner on Friday. Greg, did you get the Dungeon cleaned up? Remember that it will have visitors next Friday and Saturday nights."
Dana felt her cheeks flush as she thought of spending two nights being fucked silly by Todd on the big king size bed.
"Yes, dear, all cleaned up like new," said Greg, with a twinkle in his eye, "Anyway, who says that Friday will be the next time it's used? We don't need to wait till Dana spends the day with Gabby any more. We can have our own adults' only evening anytime we like. We're all adults now, well, very nearly anyway." He says, looking at Dana.
"That's true," said Marcie, looking at Dana, "And if you wish to watch, Dana, you have only to ask."
Greg felt his cock give a twitch, despite his recent release.
"Oh Mom, I think I can wait till Friday with Todd, but thanks for the offer. I'll take a rain check if that's OK," grinned Dana.
"That's fine by us," said Greg enthusiastically, "Anytime you like. Just so long as you don't expect to be fucked by a cock until you're 18. You can't rush these things you know," he added with a laugh.
"Greg!" exclaimed Marcie, "That's quite enough. She's all sorted in the cock department and will be getting hers on Friday. She certainly doesn't need help from you in that direction."
Dana was blushing red by this time from her parent's references to Todd and her changing relationship once she turned 18. However, she remembered Gabby's comments about Greg's cock in the shower and decided that it was best not to shut the door of opportunity completely.
"Well, thanks for your offer of help Dad," she said with a grin, "But I'm fine for next Friday and Saturday. Maybe after that, who knows?"
Greg and Marcie smiled at each other and at Dana.
"Yeah, who knows?" they replied together.