It was Friday morning. Ginger stopped driving and parked at the roadside between her jobs. Just days since her beach adventure with Fred, but now a longing to see him once more. Her fingers tapped on the screen of her phone typing,
"I miss you! Can we meet up if just for coffee?"
Fred smiled while leaning on his desk as his phone sounded and showed her name. He was just contemplating sending a similar message and suggestion. He was also finding he was missing Ginger and the moments they shared, but a little worried she may have felt their last encounter was too much too soon.
Had he pushed her beyond fantasy? She had spent more time getting pleasure from others rather than with Fred; did she feel neglected by him? She too worried Fred would not be happy as she was playing with others on the beach more than him. Totally unaware how much pleasure he had got from seeing her that way.
He knew she was getting pleasure with them, not sharing her feelings. She was revealing them to him now by missing him. These people she had played with were simply characters in her fantasies before, but now so real and being used, and having to be used to make her fantasy into reality. There was no other way to make this happen.
Fred typed out his reply and asked,
"How, where and when can you escape?"
Her fingers replied quickly,
"Tomorrow? I do need to go shopping though. I've got a family party coming up and I need a new dress and shoes."
Fred smirked as his mind was already engaged to making even a simple shopping trip into a fun and pleasurable experience. He replied to ask how long she would be able to escape for and was pleased when she told him it was her day off so all day, although she had to be back as not to be missed for around five.
He replied to tell her it was a date, but with some little additions too. She was to dress for lunch, something short and sexy, only to make it easy to try things on of course!
She laughed at receiving this, knowing Fred was genuine about lunch but doubting his motives of the 'easy to try things on' She knew even shopping with him would not be a chore, he wouldn't tut and sigh or drag his feet, his input would be honest and useful.
She started the engine pulling away from the curb now a little happier and excited. She had something to look forward to as she drove back to work; her mind already thinking what to wear.
She found her mind straying which was causing her to miss turnings while driving. She wanted to dress sexy, but not like a cheep whore, or did she actually want to dress that way and experience that feeling too?
Flashbacks of years gone by, wondering what it would feel like to dress like Julia Roberts and be propositioned by a man leaning in his car window. But dressing like this in public and so close to home was a massive risk.
Now visions of a short skirt, seamed stockings while walking with her lover through the mall filled her head. Men were staring as she rode the escalators and gathering behind trying to follow her up for a glimpse of stocking top.
Eyes looked up at her in the glass lifts. Her concentration had gone until a horn sounded making her look back to the road, realising she had let the vehicle stray over the white lines which shocked her back to reality.
She so wanted that fun but was realising the shopping centre was far to open. The possibility to be seen but not see people noticing her with another man was far too dangerous for these games.
She now had doubts and was thinking this was not such a good idea as she knew she knew now that was unable to resist Fred's demands.
She finally arrived home, sitting on the sofa with her head back and relaxing. Her mind was still working though, daydreaming when the door knocked breaking her thoughts. She eased up cursing and walked over, turning the key and unlocking it before pulling it open.
Standing before her was one of the neighbours, smiling and saying 'hello'. She felt dirty in her work clothes and never felt sexy, but he still looked her up and down.
He was a retired man who lived virtually opposite, she guessed in his 60's. She didn't know him or his wife's name but had passed pleasantries on many occasions as he was gardening.
She replied hello asking how she could help, his reply was stuttered back,
"Er er er. I was just wondering if your partner was in at the moment as he offered to loan me his jet wash if ever I needed it?"
It was obvious he wasn't as his van wasn't there. She noticed his eyes were straying down her body again as she asked him to excuse her dress as she had just got in from work thinking he was looking at her work clothing.
He told her not to be silly and that he wouldn't mind what she was or wasn't wearing!
Was or wasn't wearing? It seamed a strange comment but was she just paranoid or had he had seen her in the window? That comment made her think and caused her face to begin reddening, quickly telling him he had better come in.
She opened the door and ushering him inside apologising for her ignorance and having to ask his name before offering him a coffee and telling him he could wait for her partner if he liked as he would be home very soon.
He walked behind being led into the kitchen, watching her flicking the switch on the kettle as she passed. She offered him a stool at the breakfast bar and asked him to excuse her for a moment as she had to get changed out of these work clothes and left virtually running upstairs. She paced the bedroom, murmuring and repeating,
"Oh my god did he see me?"
The words escaped her lips but that little devil was rearing its head again and taking over. He knew her partner wasn't there as he knew he drove then van and the time he'd get home!
She quickly kicked off her work clothes. Pulled open her drawers and grabbed a little black silky slip and pulled it on, she looked quickly in the mirror, ran her fingers through her hair and walked back down walking back into the kitchen.
His eyes were now wide. She smiled and walked towards the kettle, turning to ask him,
"Tea or coffee, how do you take it?"
His eyes were wondering all over her visually wishing that slip off her body and wanting a closer view of what he had seen and drooled over from afar.
The soft silky fabric teased her nipples as always causing them to become erect for his eyes to focus on, making her have to ask him again. His stare broke from them, his eyes finally rose to her face as he replied,
"Sorry, white, two sugars please, I was a little distracted then!"
She turned away grinning to make the drinks but was shocked to hear what words followed,
"I was so tempted to ask how you took it too after seeing you in the window the other day. Perhaps you should leave the curtains open all night in future then I'd know!"
Her heart sunk as he confirmed for definite that he had seen and her fears of such had come true. She stirred the drink not wanting to turn, but knowing she only had ten minutes or so to pass until her partner returned.
She thought quickly and turned, walking over to offer his drink and knew she had the confidence now to take back control of this situation. She looked down and asked,
"Oh, I bet you'd love to see that, wouldn't you you dirty old man? Would you like to See me fucking and riding on a cock while facing the window, caressing my tits so you could perv at me?"
His coffee shook in his hand as her confidence shocked him. He sipped, apologising for his comment but was pleased to see he grin and then to hear her say was no need to apologise as it was her fault for making him fantasise about her by parading around naked in the window.
He apologised again for looking, and she joked that he should perhaps invest in some binoculars for her future displays, if his wife wouldn't mind!
She looked over into the lounge seeing the washing basket. Her mind was working as walked over towards it, her hips and bottom wiggling for his viewing pleasure. She could see the jeans she intended to wear that night and was standing now with her feet about two foot apart before it.
She bent, straight legged feeling the silky materiel travel up and over her bottom as she pulled the jeans out slowly, holding the rest of the washing in place causing her bottom to sway.
She needed and craved this attention now, needed to exhibit, was she becoming hooked?
Her head turned to confirm he was indeed staring at her, just as she intended him too, now leaning a little further as she smirked and quickly asked,
"Are you thinking do I take it like this too?"
He laughed. His exact thoughts had been guessed!
He nodded, smiling at her and replied,
"If you were my lady showing off her arse and cunt for dirty old men like that, I'd have you bent over and slap your arse red madam!"
She giggled walking back in, joking she didn't know what the hell he was talking about, placing her finger between her lips and flashing a look of innocence at him.
She dropped the jeans now on purpose and had to squat down before him, knowing he would see her breasts as she did this, his stool giving the perfect view down as the loose materiel hung away from her body.
She was leaning forward allowing her nipples to be viewed and looking up to confirm his eyes were staring down her top. She raised her eyes up and asked,
"So do you punish naughty girls often then Mr?"
She stood, taking a step towards him, virtually between his knees now and asked if he was going to answer. He paused but replied,
"It's been a while now dear, but perhaps you should have asked my previous occupation first!"
This confused her but she asked the question, waiting for his answer.
"I was a headmaster! I still have my cane and paddle in the study and I'm sure you'd deserve six of the best or maybe more for your naughty behaviour!"
Her eyes were now wide as she asked if he was joking or playing with her? His head shook; he told her that he'd seen many naughty girls bottoms presented before him, but none of those girls had wanted to be there.
They knew what was to follow and warned her that she may want to think twice encouraging him or presenting herself in that manner again and tempting him.
She was excited by his story, moist between her thighs and now only minutes were left to get presentable before her partners return. She faced the man, eye to eye and asked,
"Would you like to punish me sir? Am I really naughty flashing my pussy for men? Or were you thinking naughty thoughts other than caning me Sir?"
The sound of a van killed their fun and the conversation. She grabbed the jeans asking to be excused again and hurried through the lounge and upstairs. She quickly pulled on her jeans and t shirt before returning down to find the two men already engaged in conversation about power tools.
She greeted her partner and began to prepare dinner. Smirking to herself inside at their comments,
"Oh mate, Its big and powerful, the jet's so strong!"
Her mind travelled back to the beach, the cucumber in her hand being sliced looked so inviting now, what a waste using it in a salad when she could think of a far better use for it!
She continued slicing as they left the kitchen going into the garage to fetch the jet wash. Her hand travelled along the thick green shaft recalling what she had done with that big cock, her nipples erect once more, she was longing for something inside her now and the desire was overpowering.
Her hand stopped quickly as her partner returned after letting the neighbour leave out of the garage door. He kissed her cheek walking off. She raised the knife and chopped the cucumber in half as her disappointment showed. She so wished he would be spontaneous, unbutton her jeans, yank them down and take her right there!
But he hadn't and never did. It enraged her at times how he would just slump down on the chair, ignore her needs and flick on the television. She desired other things to feast on before dining.
Ginger continued knowing it was going to be another long and boring night ahead. They dined and she listened to his tales of his day. Yawning inappropriately at times until they finished and finally she got to sit down and relax but soon nodded off.
Her mind began drifting into a vivid dream, she was naked, walking through a shopping centre she didn't know. Her heals were clicking on the hard floor and everyone was turning and staring at her until two security guards were grabbing at her arms.
They were dragging her off and through some doors, arriving in an office to see the headmaster at his desk. They led her over, pinned her down as he reached for his cane as she shouted out loudly NO!
This woke her up to find her partner staring straight at her looking puzzled,
"No what?"
Fuck! She realised she had shouted that out in her sleep. She looked puzzled and asked what he was talking about as he explained what she had shouted. She said she hadn't a clue why she had, passing it off as she must have been dreaming and being tired and stood to leave the room quickly.
She walked upstairs and was beginning to fear talking in her sleep now, thinking she may even shout out 'I can't take that thing'! She had to be so careful and needed to relax, but the way her mind worked right now, it just wasn't that easy.
She entered the bedroom and opened the wardrobe, perusing her clothing and reached for a hanger. The Jersey 'Rara' Dress she had just bought from littlewoods. This will be perfect she thought!
Not to slutty, not to elegant and with a pair of black heals this would be ideal. Just a sleep now separating her from seeing her lover once more as she began stripping naked with the curtains still wide open.
She wondered if her new friend was looking right now and flicked on the light to draw attention.
She couldn't resist now and just loitered in the window for a moment before climbing onto the bottom of the bed.
Her normal side entry forgotten and now crawling up to her pillows, her bottom aimed at the window and wiggling before finally turning over to get to sleep.
She drifted off quickly, waking to see she just had time for her shower and quick coffee then she must leave. She had arranged to meet Fred at the shopping centre this time, driving with her bare thighs exposed and hoping someone would see.
She didn't notice anyone and was a little disappointed as she reached the centre and parked, but there was no sign of Fred yet and he was never late.
She looked at her phone again to confirm the time and place and as she did, a message sounded and appeared before her. His name showing and causing her grin as read it out aloud,
"If you have panties on, remove them, a bra, loose it! I want you bare under your clothing. Then and only then, you can join me over the road towards the electrical shop. Take your time walking down as it seams a shame to waste the effort you will have made and not be seen or appreciated"
Not be seen? But they were going shopping, she would be?
She stepped out of the car instantly confirming to him that she had chosen not to wear underwear by her own choice. He could see her in the distance but wanted her to be excited before she even got to him.
He knew the walk and public exposure would do this and cause her pussy to moisten, her mind now aware of men admiring and lusting for her, knowing there eyes would undress her and she so wanted them too.
She walked slowly and with a confidence not known before. A builders van passing and sounding its horn making her smile at their acknowledgement. She loved the attention now; her new found confidence allowed this where as before she would have hung her head.
She walked on looking around, finally seeing Fred's car and her smile was revealing her excitement at seeing him.
He stood outside leaning on the bonnet to greet her, complimenting her attire and choice of shoes. She loved how he never failed to notice her efforts, he took time to look and admire her and would kiss her as soon as they met.
He walked around opening the passenger door and watched her walk around. She slid her bottom in first then swung her legs in for his gaze. He closed the door and got back in turning the key and starting the ignition.
"Where are we going?"
Ginger questioned the car starting. His simple answer of shopping infuriated but excited her. Sometimes she wished he would just answer but the air of mystery never failed to give her a thrill. Nothing was able to be read or second guessed with Fred, this gave the element of shock and wonder as he asked her,
"I take it you don't want me possibly be exposing you in there now do you?"
She shook her head to answer. Relieved he had thought the same way as she had the day before as they were heading away from home and through the countryside. The scenery was beautiful and Ginger stared out until they were finally arriving in a little town around 30 miles away.
They had both behaved impeccably throughout the journey and just exchanged pleasant, both engaged in conversation controlling their desires.
Fred got out, walking around and opened the door, as ever he held his hand out for hers like a lady. The quaint little town and market looked beautiful in bloom and was now in front of them. They walked comfortably here hand in hand with little fear of seeing people they might know.
They took time wondered around the market, his arm now falling around her, her head leaned onto his shoulder and his hand lowered and was felt against her bottom. Ginger was always aware that it could be lifting her dress at any moment if he felt like exposing her.
Time was passing and she wondered why he was not doing that? Why? Had he gone off the boil, had she annoyed him or was she not dressed sexy enough to excite him?
She stopped suddenly having to ask,
"Have I done something wrong? Is this not what you had in mind for me to wear?"
He stepped closer to her, his arms wrapping around her waist as he pulled her to him and kissed her passionately. Finally they parted as he held her face and looked deep into her eyes and asked,
"I didn't push you too far at the beach did I? I've been so worried you would think bad of me, that I was failing in your attention myself?"
The relief filled her body; she kissed him gently on the cheek and then whispered,
"You silly man, I loved it! I've been petrified that all the fun I had and the lack of it with you, would have angered you or made you think I just wanted any old cock and not us or yours!"
The whisper was not as quiet as she thought! Her voice had raised as a old lady was passing, she was looking at Ginger disgusted at her brazen comment.
The lovers laughed, hugged once more before walking on again. Fred's hand now relaxed lower against her bottom and he was just dying to raise the back of that skirt, feel her flesh under his fingers and show everyone her naked arse as they walked.
Ginger slowed her pace and stopped at a jewellery stall. Fred moving and standing behind and now he was lifting her skirt as she leaned in looking at the items before her.
The gentleman behind the counter started his sales patter as Fred's hand found her bare cheek making her jump a little as he squeezed. She picked up some looped earrings, turning and showing them to Fred and asked what he thought.
The stall holder interrupted saying they would show perfectly beyond her hair line which annoyed Fred a little with his rude interruption. Fred whispered to her to straighten up to standing which she did at his command.
His hand now moving from her bottom and travelling around to her stomach, lowering and beginning to slowly gather the materiel of her dress into his fist
He began to raise it. The stall holder's eyes travelled down watching Fred's hand at work and began to frown. Fred finally reached the hem, lifting it up just enough the reveal her shaven pussy to sellers eyes, asking back at him,
"Do you see a hair line there for them to hang beyond? Or, do you see a freshly shaven bare pussy that will look amazing adorned with those rings just hanging from the labia or through her clitoral hood?"
He stared down between her legs, shocked and amazed at what had just happened as Fred's second hand now came around her and lifted the hem more and his fingers found and began spreading her labia and clitoral hood to expose her in front of the seller.
Her clit stuck out exposed as people scurried past behind them unaware of her exposure. His eyes were glued to her bare pussy but finally lifted; stuttering his apology and explained that he presumed they were simply for her ears!
Fred asked again,
"Would they look better hanging from her labia do you think or just the one through her hood?"
Ginger trembled as she stood exposed to stranger. His eyes travelled down again to stare at her private place. Fred's fingers pressed either side of her clitoris and hard against her body to expose it until her wetness were making them slip away.
Slowly her moved them off her and was lowering the hem letting her dress fall back into place, taking them from her hand, and placing them in the the stall holders.
"Well take them and try them out shall we!"
The man dropped them on the counter as Ginger stood grinning at the salesman. Her stare daunting, not a hint of embarrassment showing after being exposed that way.
She leaned back against her lover as he was handed them, watching as he took the money Fred held out and again dropped that as Fred inquired,
"You don't offer a fitment service here do you?"
He gathered the money quickly answering no! Fred replied,
"Oh well, you'll just have to wait to try them later dear"
He handed her the gift bag. She thanked him kissing his cheek and stood there saying they would feel amazing dangling down there. Telling her lover that the weight would make it feel as if his fingers were pulling her labia apart as she walked.
Fred grinned as her knew she did not have a piercing there and was playing along unscripted. She smiled at the salesman, thanked him for his help and took Fred's hand dragging him away.
"You bugger!"
Fred smiled at her comment and asked,
"You didn't enjoy that then?"
She gripped his hand and replied that of course she had, asking excitability,
"Did you see his poor face glow red!"
Fred nodded and chuckled. Leading her up the street and towards the small shopping centre, Ginger stopped suddenly, lifting her foot and easing her heal off.
She scolded him for not telling her how much walking would be involved here as her heals were rubbing her. He steadied her body as she eased them but was looking across the street noticing a shop called 'Prego'.
Just a little shoe shop perfectly placed right now as he took her hand and led her across the road, opening the door for her and allowing her passed and inside.
A young lad stood with his hands behind his back as she began wondered around, perusing the displays before her. They were all beautiful shoes in all shapes, styles and colours.
Fred also walked around, watching as Ginger bent down to the one display to pick up a shoe, oblivious now to anything with the selections before her.
He watched her bend and looked over catching the lad's head finally moving from his statue like pose. It was just slightly tilting sidewards to view her legs and bottom as she bent, but defiantly wanting to get a better look underneath.
Fred picked up the shoe in front of him, knowing it was one of her favourite brands, Irregular choice. But it was not just the designer catching his attention but also the name of the shoe. 'Oz red tweed', how apt!
Ginger had long adored the film the wizard of Oz, often dreaming of being Dorothy and clicking her red heals together; he wondered over showing her the shoe and cupped her bottom in front of the lad eyes.
She looked at them wide eyed. The glass heal and unusual red materiel, the bow on the front and they looked so comfy. She flipped it over, seeing the name and proclaiming,
"NO WAY!"
He chuckled as she grabbed and kissed him, commenting that he had remembered. The conversation happened a long time ago, but of course he had.
He turned to the Lad and asked for them in her size and they waited as he left for the stock room, returning with the pretty coloured box and invited her to join him towards the back of the shop at the fitment area.
Fred squeezed her bottom as they walked, and whispered,
"He was checking this out every time you bent over!"
She smiled, following him to take a seat. The lad knelling down before her as she crossed her legs and allowed him to remove her one heal, uncrossing them almost in the style of that famous film and re crossed them for him to remove the other.
He placed them down and took the lid from the box as Ginger looked up at Fred. He stood there holding his hands back to back, parting his fingers and mimicking for her to part her knees.
She understood his instruction as the lad removed the stuffing from the shoes, just glancing sidewards to be greeted with her knees falling open and perfect view right up her dress.
Her lips were already moistening and her clit was prominent from its hood, still excited from its earlier stimulation and exposure. He paused taking a good look up there then knelt forward and gently took her one ankle, gently lifting it up onto his thigh.
She watched his eyes travelling backwards and forwards between her pussy and her foot. His hands now shaking as he worked the heal carefully onto her bare foot.
Her legs were parting a little further now as he did, his stare fixed between her thighs as she leaned forward and touched his face, telling him to relax a little and to stop shaking as she was simply another customer.
He sighed; beads of sweat were now forming on his forehead. She placed her foot down, looking at and admiring the shoes, as he asked,
"Do you like them madam?"
She replied she was unsure and needed to walk in them first. She looked up at Fred, his wink making her smile as her second foot was now lifted. Fred walked closer and commented that they looked amazing and informed Ginger he would be popping out for a moment as he needed some cigarettes and would get some cash from the machine.
He questioned the lad on the nearest shop and cash machine location. He informed Fred it was around 5 minutes to the nearest newsagents, but the cash point was three shops away.
Fred thanked him and asked if he would look after his partner while he was away; asking him if he could trust her in his hands?
The lad nodded as Fred turned to walk away and told looked back to tell him,
"Anything she wants, she can have. I'll be around fifteen minutes or so as I could do with a smoke as well, make sure you keep her happy now!"
He walked away and closed the door to the shop. The lad turning back and looking up, asking her,
"Would you like to walk around then and see if they're comfortable and to your liking?"
She said she would, standing and lifting the hem of her dress to just below her bare pussy to look down at them as she walked, only loosing it to spin around causing the back to rise as she spun.
She was hoping her bottom would be exposed to him as she did, a little treat before she walked off down the shop, turning and returning towards him.
She asked the lad,
"Well, do I look sexy in these, or do you prefer the stilettos?"
He hung his head a little embarrassed only to be lifted by her fingers under his chin as she asked,
"Well?"
He said he had to say those as his sales were low, but looked up and said her high heals made her look really sexy when she walked in.
She looked in his eyes, and now asked,
"Did you look at them, or all of me?"
His face now turned crimson, but he replied,
"I'm sorry but you're such a sexy lady; it's hard not to look but we are told not to ogle the customers!"
She nodded, telling him he was adorable and walked back over to the seating. He followed watching her legs and bottom before she sat down with her knees now wide apart and asked if he would like to slip her own heals back on for a closer look, glancing around, she questioned,
"Is there any CCTV in this store?"
He pointed up at a camera but replied,
"They're all dummies!"
He was sliding the second heal on already, his fingers trailing over her flesh exposed on the top of her foot softly caressing it.
"You like these don't you?"
He nodded that he did; now twitching in his trousers at the sight of her legs, pussy and feet. Obviously he liked women's legs and heals so was in the perfect job. She looked down as he looked up and asked him,
"Have you seen anything else you liked apart from my feet and heals?"
He went to hang his head but she stopped him and told him not too and to answer quickly as they didn't have much time.
He nodded towards her pussy and knelt watching as her fingernails travelled up her thighs, easing her dress up with them and exposing herself to his gaze. His mouth fell open, watching as her nails traced up her inner thighs and moved across her labia as she asked,
"You like this pussy don't you?"
His eyes were almost popping out even before she lay back to the wall, gently easing her bottom to the front of the chair as she now stopped asking and commanded him,
"Taste it! Lick my pussy as you've made it all damp and wet touching my feet and legs!"
He stared looking shocked and asked,
"Really? Can I? But your husband, he'll be back, say someone walks in!?"
She grabbed his hair pulling his face into her and felt his nose bang against her pubic bone. He listened as she instructed,
"Lick me! Get your tongue up inside me NOW! You heard my lover, anything I want you have to give me, you're to look after me and I want to be licked and fingered right now. You're going to make me cum before he gets back and I can see the door so stop panicking and get on with it!"
She lifted her legs up and over his shoulders; her strong legs pulled him to her as he reached up and inserted two fingers easily inside her spread wet slit as she groaned loudly in pleasure.
His tongue lapped against them, tasting her juices off his fingers and her lips, teasing her clit as she again grabbed his hair, instructing him further,
"That's it lick there! That's it right there, now lick it, yes, right there keep licking!"
He was! Like a dog at an ice cream. Her legs pulled him in, her hips bucked up at his face as her stare wondered passed him noticing the door opening.
It was to late to stop now as she began moaning out louder, excited and scared as someone was entering, but too close to orgasm to stop herself or want to.
She gasped in air and moaned out in pleasure, her arms spread out to the chairs either side as her legs clamped around his head and covered his face with her juice. He was proud as he had bought her to orgasm, hearing her now tell him,
"Oh fuck, fuck yes, that's what I needed. You naughty boy, you naughty, naughty boy!"
Fred's voice broke their moment,
"Indeed! You both are naughty!"
The boy looked horrified and wiggled from her grip leaving Ginger sat there, spread open on the seat with a damp patch visible on the light coloured fabric beneath her. The boys voice shakily apologising to Fred and quickly telling him,
"She insisted Sir, she wanted me too!"
Fred smiled; he crouched down beside him, his arm fell around the lads shoulder as he turned him towards her and pointed at her sodden pussy.
"If that is presented before you, no red blooded man is going to refuse it, why are you apologising? Did I not ask you to look after her? Did I not tell you I trusted her in your hands?"
He nodded to answer, his face still wet from her juices, he now shook his head a little in disbelief of the situation and asked,
"Is this for real?"
Fred told the lad to get up and to take the payment for the shoes before someone else came in. Ginger now eased herself up and sat upright; straightening her dress before walking over and kissing Fred while looking at the lad and Informing Fred,
"He was amazing darling, he licked and fingered me until I cam over his face!"
Fred took his change as Ginger was presented with her bag. The lad thanked them both, cheekily asking if they would be back soon for some more?
Ginger leaned forward, kissed his cheek and whispered,
"Next time you might get to fuck me in the stock room too!"
His mouth dropped open again as they turned to leave, her head spinning back and telling him,
"For a discount next time of course!"
They left the shop laughing as they walked into the street and commented on how he would have something to tell his friends that evening.
Ginger was so wet and her thighs were gliding together as they walked. Fred asked if she had enjoyed herself, and she nodded and told him it was just so erotic seducing him as he was younger than her and seamed so inexperienced until his tongue found my clit!
Fred pulled her to him, his arm around her and reassured her that as long as she had fun, he was happy. They walked on finally arriving at and entering the shopping centre, wondering into a few ladies shops and arrived at one of Gingers favourites.
She selected a few dresses handing Fred the shoe bag to hold, then stopped before entering the changing rooms, turning and telling him,
"Shit! I can't try them can I, they're communal in here and I have no underwear on do I!"
She looked at him as he sharply replied,
"Get in there! I want every one modelled in between changes too!"
She entered always hating undressing in front of other women at the best of times. She imagined there bitchy comments, hated them who whispered and giggled. But as she walked in her fear was right.
On the opposite side stood another lady; a little butch looking, tattoos and trying on dresses. Ginger not noticing she was now staring at her wiggling out of a dress. Seeing now that she too had no bra on.
Her tits were big and firm, also having tattoos on them as they dropped into view. Gingers eyes were trying to work out the pattern on her tits as their eyes met, she greeted Ginger with a hello.
Ginger replied the same, turning to face away, a little more relaxed as at least this lady had no bra on either. Ginger began easing her dress up and off, aware she was naked and the lady would see, but also aware she was wet between her thighs.
She quickly grabbed her first dress and tried to slip it on thinking it would just slide over her head and down her body. It didn't!
Her arms were now trussed up above her head, now stuck half in and half out of the garment as her body wiggled in desperation to free them. She heard the lady behind laugh and tell her,
"Don't you just hate it when that happens!"
She had already stepped forward unseen by Ginger. Her hands went to assist making Ginger jump and shudder as the hands touched her flesh. Another lady had never touched her before this way!
She felt the hard nipples against her back and the soft mounds pressing against her. The zip was eased and the garment slowly pulled down by the lady. Her hands were now turning her to face her and to assist easing it down and over her hips.
It was so tight and Ginger stood still in amazement and shock from the assistance she was receiving. She was now crouching down before her and helping to pull it down her body.
Her eyes were level with Gingers wetness looking down to see her staring right at her bare pussy. She continued and eased it over her hips and slowly down seeing it still barely covered her pussy from view when down there.
She looked up, and simply commented,
"You look so amazing! A real lady, god I wished I looked like that in a dress!"
Ginger thanked her and told her she had to nip out to show her partner. Walking out quickly to twirl for Fred who advised it looked stunning, but questioned the length for a family party.
She agreed, walking over and telling him that there was another woman in there with her that had helped her on with her dress and rubbed herself against her.
Fred grinned and asked,
"Do you want to rub pussies together?"
She snapped back no! But she remembered the nipples and soft breasts touching her and tickling her back, the large nipples that stuck out from them adorned in ink flashed through her mind as she wondered back in, having to admit to herself it had left her a little excited.
The lady was now already dressed, wearing cut off jeans and those horrible crocs Ginger detested. A white t shirt that was thin allowed her nipples to be visible and displayed as she sat there waiting.
Seeing Ginger walk back in, smiling and telling her,
"I thought you might need a hand back out of that thing so I waited"
Ginger replied she should be fine now, but the lady insisted and was straight back behind her unzipping the dress. Her hands went down her sides, pulling it up and off her and allowing her hands to slide up over Gingers naked breasts.
Her hands were soft, now working the dress up very slowly now, pausing over her tits and making her jump as her nipples were rubbed by her palms. The women gave a little chuckle and asked,
"Have you never felt another ladies hands on your body or something?"
Ginger shook her head. The dress was now lifted off but the hands had returned and were sliding back down her arms, travelling under them and cupping her breasts. She whispered quietly,
"Well now you have darling and no longer are a virgin to it"
She squeezed her nipples between her thumb and finger, twisting them slightly and whispered,
"These nipples are wonderful, and I know you didn't come in here without any knickers on not to be looked at by others, did you?"
Ginger told her quickly why she had no knickers on, explaining her man was waiting, but before she could stop her, the ladies one hand had slid down, cupped her pussy and was now asking,
"So why are you so wet then bitch?"
She couldn't bring herself to tell the tale of the shoe shop, jumping as her clit was touched. Her heart was racing, her head now spinning as she was finding herself being pushed firmly forward.
This strong lady was forcing her to bend over. Ginger felt unable to fight the feelings, her hands had to reach out to stop herself falling head first into the stool.
She trembled as the hands slid down her legs, noises of pleasure came from behind as she listened to her latest comments,
"Perfect, you're just perfect. I'm going to enjoy eating you my darling!"
Ginger froze, her back was now pushed down; breath could be felt against her wet pussy as her ankles were pulled roughly apart. The lady leaned forward and pressed her face hard against Gingers cheeks.
Ginger listened to her muttering from behind,
"Mmmm! I can fucking smell how horny you are for me after staring at my tits!"
Ginger was battling with feelings of wanting to stop this, but her legs felt frozen and stuck to the ground. She was saying no in her head, wanting to move and to stop her, but she wasn't moving a single inch.
Hands pressed onto her bottom, her cheeks now spread roughly apart as yet again and for the second time today, a strangers tongue pressed deep inside her.
This one though curled up expertly inside her towards her bottom and gave an amazing sensation that caused her to gasp out in pleasure. The nose pressed in and teased her anus as if trying to enter.
A hand rose between her thighs and a thumb pushed hard right inside her, curling around towards her pubic bone to caress there as the tongue continued and wiggled around inside her.
This tongue was fat; it was strong and had obviously being used many times before in similar circumstances. Gingers head lay onto her arms; it felt amazing, so good but so wrong to her.
She thought of Fred outside, but unknown to her, he wasn't outside at that exact moment!
His curiosity had now got the better of him, braving to wonder in now and peer around the corner, seeing what was taking so long. He smirked watching the lady kneeling behind and roughly parting Gingers cheeks.
He saw Gingers submissive pose for this women. She was butch, dyke like as people called it and he agreed. From her actions she was obviously well experienced at pleasuring other ladies.
He stepped backwards slowly and out with his erection now apparent. He so wanted to stand there and watch, but obviously without risk of being caught, he couldn't.
The lady was now devouring Ginger. Continuing to slurp and lap at her juices. Ginger could hear and thought it sounded quite disgusting, but knew that however it sounded, it felt amazing!
The tongue momentarily stopped, the face pulled away and leaf her pussy wide open as she was instructed once more,
"Stick it fucking out bitch! That's it, bend your legs as you know you want it up your posh cunt, you're fucking loving this tongue fucking you!"
Fred couldn't hear those words or see them, having to sit and wait patiently knowing of his lovers pleasure inside. He so wanted to see what was happening now and was dribbling slightly from the tip of his erection as he imagined them.
He heard a slap from inside that echo'd out the room, wondering what that was, but then hearing the familiar moans that followed as Ginger was forced to cum, covering her new lovers face.
She trembled and shook, her legs heavy as she was trying to push her away now, but she gripped on tight, the rubbing of her thumb continued as her finger surrounded and stimulated her clit.
Fred looked around, worried that the staff may hear them now. He could hear the moans, hear Ginger panting out, and listened again to her groan as another orgasm was forced from within her.
The women now slowed, just teasing her swollen lips with the tip of her tongue before kissing her sodden pussy and climbing back up to her feet. She slapped Gingers arse again, harder now and Fred heard her loudly telling Ginger,
"Next time you decide to come in here with no knickers on flashing your posh ass, I'll have a big strap on to fuck you with you little teasing bitch, and I'll make sure your fucked and scream the place down!"
She walked out leaving Ginger still trembling and getting dressed, wiping her face and smiling at Fred, and asked,
"Are you waiting for the lady in there?"
Fred nodded; standing up to face her and listen as she grinned and spoke,
"She's just cleaning up as I've just fucked the little tease with my fingers and tongue. I hope you're up to it now mate as she's just experienced a true bitches tongue inside her!"
Fred looked deep into her eyes. Ginger was about to walk out but saw her talking to Fred and paused behind the wall, watching as his hand fell on the ladies shoulder as he responded to her comments,
"My Dearest lady. Ginger is at an exploratory point in life you see, but you lady, could never pump her mouth with semen or fill her cunt with it! FULL OF IT! Neither could you then make her walk with it dripping on her shoes for everyone to see. That's what she loves and craves, submission and humiliation. But I have no doubt you made her come my darling".
She stared at Fred, as he continued,
"In there you achieved nothing that a 20yr old lad didn't achieve not half an hour ago! You're not special; you just like cunt. But never, never can you provide her with a real cock or cocks, fuck her like a man can however many or how hard your rubber cocks are, and neither can you shower her with cum on her face and walk her down the street now can you!"
She looked at him in disgust, shook her head at the realisation that she had only made her orgasm, it was true! She had listened to how the lad had been the one to make her wet before entering.
She had thought she had the upper hand here. Thought she had taken a virgin lady but was now walking away disappointed and disillusioned, leaving her wondering if perhaps she had been set up and just used as an experiment by the pair?
Ginger walked out looking flushed; she hugged onto Fred and told him she was sorry it had took so long. He lifted her head, looked deeply into her eyes and told her that it was all good experience and she looked amazing submitting that way.
She looked shocked, and asked,
"Did you see?"
He nodded, telling her he was curious and peered around the corner to see if she was ok. She started explaining that she didn't give me much choice, to which Fred raised his finger to her lips, stopped her and laughed.
He spoke out instead and told her,
"That's called denial I'm afraid! When I looked, you were lying on your arms with your knees bent, your pussy was pushed right back, your back arched and you were begging for that tongue madam, not fighting it off!"
She went red and told him she hadn't a clue what had came over her. Where the desire had come from as she had never thought of other women that way, but again explained she was very forceful at first and described how she had frozen as it happened.
He told her again not to explain, he knew it was just for her pleasure, and asked,
"Did you not get off on her tongue then and being taken that way?"
She nodded, said it was good and told him how her nose had teased and pressed into her anus like his had before, how it tickled and her thumb had worked wonders inside. How she had been pushed down at first but found she couldn't bring herself to stop her once she was touched on her clit.
"Submissive!"
Fred's simple answer as he explained,
"It doesn't matter who or where dear, it's about gaining pleasure from any moment that arises, the submission is turning you on. It's showing now as natural for you, I command and you do it! You are naturally submissive and turned on by someone else being in control, there is nothing wrong with it, embrace it and enjoy every second!"
He leaned to kiss her, picked up the bag, took the dresses she never even tried and said,
"Come on, I think you deserve a drink!"
They headed back into the main street following a sign for a restaurant and entered. They were shown to a table by a young waitress who asked if they would require drinks today.
Fred told her they did, and she nodded, walking away to the bar and sent over the barman to take their order.
He was a middle aged man with a white shirt stretching over his pot belly. Gingers eyes were on the menu and finally looked up at the man as he asked what madam would like.
His gaze fell on her crossed legs sticking out to the side of the table as she pondered her choice. Her heal flicked off her foot and was hanging on her toes almost hypnotising the man as he waited, Fred excusing himself to use the bathroom while the man stood patiently awaiting Gingers order.
Fred reached the door and looked back before he was entered seeing the man now writing on his pad. He nodded and thanked her, turning to walk away but pausing, one hand leaning on the table and looking back to see if Fred was out of sight before leaning forward and asking,
"If madam doesn't mind me saying so, those are simply stunning legs?"
Ginger looked down to see her skirt had ridden up her thighs as her foot had rocked; they were displayed for all to see. She smiled and thanked him, listening as he said it was his pleasure as he thought ladies should always be complimented on their beauty.
She joked he was a charmer and he thanked her again, nodding and walked away, just as Fred left the bathroom and returned to the table.
Ginger leaned forward across the top as Fred did, their lips meeting, kissing again before he asked;
"Are you enjoying the shopping trip?"
She grinned, nodding and smiling before asking,
"How the hell do these things seam to just happen in your presence? What is it about you? Why do things I've thought and dreamed about suddenly fall into place?"
Fred shrugged his shoulders, denying it was his doing at all and just putting it down to luck. She shook her head, telling him that it couldn't be! Things like the shoe shop had never happened to her before causing him to smile and ask her,
"Have you allowed your mind to let your body experience them, or just think of them before?"
A simple question fired back at her, she placed her hands under her chin and cupped her face with her elbows on the table.
She thought and recalled several moments where she could have possibly experienced similar but had not been able to follow them through.
She told Fred of a sales girl who once asked if she could feel her glittery tights as she knelt before her looking up towards her crotch which excited her.
She had once pulled her top up exposing her breasts while driving but as another cars lights approached, she had quickly covered back up.
In her last year of school, she and a friend dared each other to go without knickers and flash their bottoms at a teacher they had both drooled over, but she was the one who had chickened out.
The thoughts and desires for such risks had always been there, suppressed and never feeling brave or safe enough to encourage these moments to actually occur. She had envisaged them so many times.
She made them up in her mind, lay playing with herself, eyes closed and allowing herself to become a character that could try anything, but when her eyes were open, she had never been able to until now.
Fred listened to her voice confess these moments and asked,
"Are you now the character for real and happy?"
She smiled, nodded and confirmed,
"You know I am!"
He looked at the waiter loading their drinks onto his tray, and quickly asked,
"So what would you be doing in this situation in your fantasy? A waiter is approaching. He obviously lusts after you. Has visually touched your legs, wondering what the dress is covering and what lies beneath. So what do you do to answer his thoughts?"
She looked over as he left the bar and was now approaching them. Waiting as she knew exactly what to do and knew what men wanted. She allowed him to place the tray down first ensuring he was looking towards her as she raised her leg off the other.
Her knee travelled high as her legs spread wide and exposed her pussy to his sight, now sitting back and letting her knees drift in together and apart again as he stared blatantly at her exposed pussy and still managed to pour her wine.
Fred thanked him and he walked away with a grin across his face. Ginger giggled as Fred looked himself to see what he had, seeing that anyone around could now see her her pussy too. She stayed in her position as he asked,
"What would happen now in Gingers fantasy world then?"
Her brow wrinkled, she thought of her answer before replying,
"Well he could be offered to lay a napkin on my legs, maybe touching me by accident as he did. But I could also be kneeling under the bar and sucking his cock as he served the customers. Maybe he could follow me into the toilets. Tell me he needs to replace the toilet rolls then force me inside a cubicle and fuck me roughly against the wall for teasing him!"
Fred smiled and nodded his approval; he told her how she was allowing her mind to let her true feelings and lust out now. Her imagination was allowing this and her release of that passion within was allowing her the pleasures she was now experiencing.
She agreed but responded,
"I couldn't do these things without you though!"
This was a little white lie as she knew she had also got more confident even when not in his presence. She thought back to the neighbour and her exhibitionist display in the bedroom.
A little feeling of guilt fell over her for doing that without his knowledge and guidance, but without him she would have possibly never gained the confidence she found.
The food arrived and they sat silent with their thoughts as they dined. Their eye's meeting across the table. Not just feelings of lust between them but also real passion for each other. They actually cared for each other and had shown this on so many occasions before, but now were exploring the inner feelings of their bodies and minds, together as they had for so long kept them inside.
Fred's mind was now making him want to make love with Ginger. Not just a sexual experiment or fucking for pleasure. She looked beautiful; he saw candles around the bed, crisp sheets, their bodies entwined for hours as they explored each other.
He knew these moments would come, but right now he didn't want to stop Gingers exploration and fun. They finished their food, complimenting it to the waitress who thanked them as Fred paid the bill, leaving them a tip as he helped Ginger from her seat.
The bar man winked as she passed making her feel appreciated for her exhibitionism. They walked out and headed back to the shopping centre hand in hand again, time passing far to quickly as Fred led her to one last shop.
It was a famous lingerie and toy shop that was seen in most towns; Fred had already imagined what fun could be had in here and was pleased to see many customers perusing the shelves and garments.
Just as he imagined! He led Ginger to the dress up section, picked up the cheeky cheerleader outfit and handed it to her. A few of the men with their partners turned to look as he asked her to try it on and to return out to show him.
She looked at the garment, pink and sheer materiel; she saw the eyes all around that were now upon her and walked off towards the changing rooms.
She slid off her dress and pulled up the tiny skirt looking in the full length mirror and realising that however she adjusted it, when she walked back out either her pussy or bottom would be on display.
She tied the top, slid her feet back into her heals and walked out, standing with her hands on her hips in front of Fred and asking,
"Do you approve?"
He told her to turn around and to hold her legs by her knees; telling her he wanted to see the back too!
She said, 'Bastard' in her mind, her nipples already visible through the fabric and now asked to bend, she did, knowing her bare pussy would be on display to Fred and several others men who were standing around, hoping to see more and getting too.
"Good he commented. I like it, ideal for a walk in the park, now these next!"
He handed her several more garments to try on. She took them and walked back over to the changing area, leaning against the wall and reaching down to touch herself and find her soaking once more.
Just the display in front of the others had made her like this again, but she loved and was adapting to her submissive and exhibitionist role so well, but it was also driving her crazy.
She slid the outfit off and quickly pulled on the Red Lace Britany dress he had handed her. Totally sheer! She smoothed it down and again wondered out into the shop to be greeted by several new faces and eyes, a few still there that had purposely loitered for the next viewing.
She walked over and spun around, aware her pussy and breasts were now visible to all, but loving the attention she was getting.
Fred nodded his approval again as she turned to walk away and he slapped her bottom in front of the whole shop. She gasped as other heads turned to see as she continued to quickly get back to the changing room.
The next hanger was the Saucy Secretary. Quite tame compared to the others just having a lace back that exposed her bottom.
The white top not so sexy, but if she left all but one button open, it looked far better. She slid the play glasses onto the tip of her nose and again strutted out, this time doing a circle of the racking and shelves before sitting on Fred's lap and asking,
"Are you ready for some DICK - TATION sir?!
A man stood wide eyes with his mouth gaping as his wife's hand found the back of his head. Ginger giggled at this as she dragged him away and out of the shop. Now asking Fred,
"Well, are you sir?"
He replied he was always ready for her and perhaps she could stay behind after work to discuss the matter with him. She giggled, stood and walked off.
One last outfit to try now, but this one more daring! She pulled on the Mistress Maid outfit. She loved it and thought it made her look like an old fashioned but sexy housemaid.
Again she walked out and looked for Fred. He had moved and was now right by the shop doorway holding up some other garments.
Her eyes rose to the ceiling. She knew why he was there, and knew it was no use standing there waiting as he had no intention of returning back to his seat.
She strutted through the shop. Tapped his shoulder and teased him with her words,
"Room service sir, how can I be of assistance for you today?"
He turned taking in her full body as she again spun on her heals for all to see.
"Amazing and so sexy you naughty thing, now I think my bed needs your attention!"
They laughed out as she stood with him as he showed her several more garments, The Rhea black babydoll, a white Abby babydoll, similar but as he turned it, she saw the open back which she liked.
He walked her up the shop with her, picking up a collar with attached nipple clamps and handed them to her.
A spreader bar was selected and placed across her outstretched arms. A door jam bondage kit and a set of leather hog ties also given to her. Her eyes were wide now as she asked;
"What the fuck have you got in mind for me Fred?"
He turned, and asked if she was questioning his selection as they arrived by the crops and paddles. Her arms were full as he picked up the luxury fur paddle, tapping it against his palm, walking behind her and cracking her backside with it.
She rocked on her heals, gasping as it stung her bottom and just managing to keep all the equipment in her arm. He asked again if she needed to question his selection to which she shook her head and simply replied,
"No sir!"
A lady stood watching them wide mouthed. He nodded his agreement to her answer, telling her that was far better. He placed the paddle on the pile in her arms telling her this may be needed again, and also picked up a heart shaped crop and carried this with him tapping the side of his leg as he wondered around to the toy section.
He picked up a pussy pump looking curiously at this and again placed it on the pile she was carrying. Her head shook at his selection as he added a remote control vibrating egg, and finally a vibrating set of lace tie sided panties.
Fred led Ginger to the desk and took the items one by one laying them down on the counter as the sales assistant looked on in amazement. Ginger now walked back to the dressing room; removed the maids outfit and picked up the garments walking back out dressed and added them to the pile.
The sales assistant packed their bags, picking up the pussy pump and leaning over to inform them she had one herself, telling them it gave amazing sensations after she was all puffed up.
She took Fred's card and spoke to Ginger as he punched his number in,
"You are one lucky lady you know, my partner would kill me if I had paraded around like that in front of so many strangers, well, if he knew I did of course!"
Ginger questioned if she did it in private then or when he wasn't there?
She replied,
"The entire fucking time darling, you don't work here with all this around you and not enjoy it, you should come back and see what happens when the centre closes!"
Fred looked up and smiled; Ginger giggled and commented that perhaps she might just do that one of the days. Fred joked that perhaps they should have purchased a collar and leash too and he could make her crawl in one night to play.
The assistant handed him the bags, thanking them for there custom and told them to have fun and said goodbye.
Ginger held on tight to Fred's arm as the walked out, down the street and back towards the car park. He handed her the bags and she told him there was no way she could take these home!
He laughed and informed her he knew, and told her they would have to get her a naughty cupboard in his spare room. She liked that idea, but had never even seen in there, and asked what was already inside?
He told her there was nothing yet, but he had plans for it, and once he had sorted it she would become very familiar with that room.
Her mind wondered what he meant as they drove off and headed for home making good time having a clear run, this occasion having time to stop at Fred's for a coffee, but Ginger was still aroused and had other ideas for the time too.
She wondered into the conservatory before he carried the drinks in. She had stripped naked, pulled a chair towards the window with its back to the glass and knelt on it.
Her hands placed on the back rest, her bottom stuck out to great him as he entered, her head turning as she told teased,
"I think I've been a naughty girl today, but spanking me doesn't seam to of worked. Can you think of another way of punishing me?"
He unzipped his trousers lowering them, lifted his top off, kicked his shoes and socks off quickly stepping of them and walked behind her and whispered,
"I think you have been amazing!"
His hands reached under to cup her breasts and pull her to kneeling facing out of the window. His one hand slid down and ran across her wet slit. Teasing her bud and making her push her bottom back at him showing her intentions.
He whispered again,
"I know exactly what you deserve madam!"
He was pushing her back down, forcing her bottom to be jutting out, his cock now solid in his hand as he pressed it against her. No protection this time and he knew he must withdraw.
But that was his intention as he took her hips and pushed hard inside making her head bang against the glass and informed her she needed a deserved a damn good fucking.
He held tight and pounded inside her. Slowing occasionally to take longer and slower strokes, before returning to the vigorous fucking lifting the chair legs up off the floor. Stopping, holding inside and making her wait, she couldn't and was now begged him to take her,
"Come on Fred fuck me, don't stop, fuck me Fred fuck me!"
He looked down at his watch, realising she had 40 minutes to get back home and picked up pace again, feeling her shake against him but aware he had to withdraw now.
He had to hold back as he commanded her to get off the chair and kneel down in front of him, side on to the big glass doors as he took his own cock and began to masturbate before her eyes.
"Lean forward darling, he asked. Hands flat on the floor and arch that back and open your mouth wide and show me that tongue!"
She followed his order, her one hand enough to support her as the other moved back between her legs, furiously rubbing herself until she was panting for breath as she stared at Fred's glistening tip as her body and legs began to shake again.
"Beg for my cum on your face!"
She did, panting out and asking,
"Give it to me please, cover me with your spunk, make me a mess Fred please!"
His hand quickened and the first jet of semen shot out hitting her cheek. Her eyes clamped shut as her tongue and mouth were now hit. Her eye was covered and she felt her hair move as some more landed in there too.
It got less and finally stopped allowing her to reach and wipe her eye. Her tongue extended and licked at her lips as she opened her eyes wide and moaned out still rubbing at her clit, mouthing in a soft and sultry voice,
"Your dirty fucker, look at the mess you made!"
He looked down and commented,
"The look suits you. Used and fucking dirty darling! Maybe we should take a walk over the shop now and show everyone just what a dirty and cock hungry lady you really are, show them you walking down the street with your face covered in cum!"
Her fingers rubbed quicker as she came at that thought, moaning out, her eyes rolled in her head as she imagined walking in the shop looking like she did right now as she threw her head back, her juices covering her fingers as she came.
She knelt there gasping, leaning forward on her hands as Fred whispered,
"I hate to do this but look!"
He lowered his wrist in front of her eyes and showed her his watch. Her eye's wide as she exclaimed,
"SHIT!"
Twenty five minutes to get home, she grabbed her dress pulling it on, wobbled into her heals and grabbed the coffee and took a quick swig before she grabbed Fred and looked sad as she told him,
"I don't want to go but you know I have too!"
He nodded, he knew, but was as equally disappointed. He led her to the car and drove quickly to hers, kissing her quickly before she ran over to her own, started it and droving off with the wheels spinning on the loose gravel on the car park.
He leaned back and smirked and wondered if she would remember the cum that was still on her face.
It still glistened in her hair and on her brow and was smeared over her cheek as she drove. He chuckled taking his phone and gave her ten minutes to get closer to home, making her drive through the town before sending a message to inform her.
She picked up her phone, quickly reading,
"You'd better wipe your face before you get home my darling, you wouldn't want to bump into anyone with a facial still in place now would you?"
She flipped down the sun visor too look. True enough, a bead on her brow, her cheek shinning and some indeed sat in her fringe. She smiled, droving proudly on and pulled up on the drive. She looked again and stepped out of the car on the drive and walked proudly into the house.
She looked in the hall mirror at the mess that adorned her pretty face. It excited her and made her take her finger, scooping it from her brow and placed her finger to her lips which opened allowing it inside. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked hard, tasting him once again as she looked at herself thinking,
"I'm missing you already Fred!"