Chapter 1.
I had just received a call from John, my boss, informing me that I was to go on one of those team building weekends. I didn't understand why we needed to go, I thought I got along with my colleagues pretty well. I don't socialize with them outside of work but then I don't socialize much at all; so at the end of the day I just didn't have a choice I had to go.
I work for a large upmarket accounting and finance firm in the city. So although I know some of the staff, most I only know well enough to say hello in passing.
"You will be paired up with someone that you haven't spent a lot of time with, someone from one of the other departments and you won't know who this will be until you arrive at the cabin. Each of the cabins are at secluded locations and there will be only two of you per location. I have set the weekend out this way so we can each get to know one of our colleges without being influenced by other co-workers."
I'm supposed to leave on Friday, and because it's a long weekend we don't return until Monday night. Friday is just a day away and to be honest, I'm shitting myself. What if, even though we get along fine at work, I find that socially I really don't like who I'm spending the weekend with?
I hope they pair me up with Misty, she works in reception and seems like she would be fun to be around. Misty is in her early thirties, about five foot four, beautiful long wavy black hair, pale complexion with beautiful big blue eyes, always smiling and cheerful. She always has an amusing story about what she has done over the weekend; she just seems like a really fun person to spend the weekend with.
Well I guess there's no point dwelling on it; I'm not going to find out until tomorrow anyway. So for now I might as well pack. That's my next dilemma, what the hell do I pack? I've never been to one of these things and until Friday at work I won't even know where I'm going and once we do know we're not allowed to discuss it.
With my suitcase sitting open on the bed, I stare at it blankly for a good five minutes, unsure if there is some sort of dress code that I should be packing for. I think to myself, stop being silly this is supposed to be a relaxing weekend not a conference so I make a start on putting my clothes in my suitcase. I try to make sure that I have both summer and winter clothes, I have included my bikini and weather permitting might be able to get some sun bathing time. I don't get a lot of time to go out in the sun and I don't like solarium's but I do like to keep tanned so I plan on taking advantage of any time I can get.
I begin to pack and I find myself agonizing over which underwear to take with me. I have a bit of a fetish when it comes to lingerie, I like sexy things, the way they look, the way they feel against my skin and how it makes me feel when I'm wearing it. I love the sensual feel of the satiny smoothness as it slides across my skin and the soft abrasiveness of the lace against my nipples sends a tingling ache all the way down my belly to my groin. There are so many pieces I want to take but I must be realistic too, after all it is only four days. Should I take that really sexy red teddy that I bought last week or something a little more subdued like the satin and lace bra and panties? What the hell? I think I'll take an assortment of both. Besides, who on earth would be looking anyway?
With my clothes all packed I decide that I might need something to entertain myself later at night. If my companion has gone to bed or we just don't have anything to talk about and I'm not ready for sleep, so I pack a couple of books and paper and pens in case I feel like reading or writing.
I look over at my dresser where I keep my personal toys, should I bring something? I know it's only four days but I am a very sensual person and like to give myself pleasure regularly. I get turned on when I think about someone walking in and seeing me lying on the bed with my legs spread wide open with cum oozing around my vibrator as I'm sliding it in and out. Knowing that I am too far gone to stop but also hoping they join in. In the end I decide on two things, my vibrator for when I'm in my room alone and the butterfly so that I can wear it during the day without it being seen. It has a wireless remote so I can activate it at any time I want. Just the thought of this secret pleasure gives me goose bumps. I hope I have a chance to use them, especially the butterfly. This could be very exciting at meal times or any time that I have an audience.
So I pack them into a bag and put them in the bottom of my suitcase under my clothes and zip it up ready to go.
Chapter 2.
Friday has finally arrived and I am so nervous. I came in to work to find an envelope on my desk, on the front of the envelope it says that inside is a description of the cabin that I will be staying at but I am not allowed to open it until it is time for me to leave. Apparently we have all been given the same instruction and until we arrive at our cabin we won't know who our companion will be.
There are times when I get really nervous and I find that nothing calms me like giving myself a good, hard orgasm. Unfortunately I can't sit in my office with people coming in and out constantly, while I slide my fingers in and out of my pussy until I cum. The boss may take offence to that, so because I really need to calm myself I decide to use my bullet vibrator that I always carry in my handbag, you never know when an occasion such as this might arise and I need to get some pleasurable relief.
After making sure that no one is close by I check my handbag to make sure that it is still there and that I have fresh batteries then make my way to the staff bathroom and I am already so wet with the anticipation of what is to come that it slides in nice and easy. It has a low, medium and high speed so I start with it on low to make sure that its working and to settle in to having it inside of me while I walk back to my office. God that feels so good. That gentle buzzing vibration, deep inside my pussy, as I clench myself around it. The vibration is not strong enough to push me over the edge but just enough to stimulate the nerve ends inside my pussy.
Once I get back and am sitting behind my desk, using the remote I turn it up to medium. Mmm that's more like it. I wriggle around in my chair to adjust where it is sitting until I have it in just the right spot where it pushes against the inner wall of my pussy that gives me the most pleasure. I am becoming very flushed, my cheeks redden with the heat as my excitement begins to build and my breathing is becoming ragged as I turn it up to high. That's when John walks in. Damn! I've left the remote on the desk and if I try to grab it to turn it off he might become suspicious of what I'm doing. I'll just have to hope I can hold my orgasm at bay until he leaves, but god I am so close and I am so turned on knowing that I might cum at any moment and John would see. There is a part of me that would love it if John could watch me cum, but at the same time I'm not so far gone that I have forgotten that I'm at work and I need to be careful.
"Hi John, what's up?"
"I just thought I would come and check that you're all set for the weekend."
I'm starting to fidget in my seat as my arousal is growing and the more sensitized I become with the bullet vibrating inside of me the more flushed I become.
"Are you ok Natasha, you're not coming down with something are you?"
No but I'd be happy to go down on something right now I think to myself.
"No, I'm fine John; it's just a little warm in here today that's all. I'll just take my jacket off and I'll be fine. And yes I'm all set to go; I'm actually looking forward to it. I was a little nervous to begin with but now that the day is here I'm ready for it."
John perched himself on the edge of my desk. I wonder if he notices how erect my nipples have become, straining against the silk of my blouse. Being as aroused as I am it feels like my breasts have swelled and my buttons are ready to pop open. Secretly I'm hoping it does.
"Hypothetically, Natasha would it matter if you were teamed up with a man not a woman? I don't know who anyone is paired with, not even myself. Our names were all drawn out of a hat by someone not associated with the company."
John is definitely staring at my breasts; I watch his reaction as I take my jacket off. My breasts pushing out, straining against the silk of my blouse and he can't seem to look away. I glance at his crotch and I can see the movement of his cock as it starts to grow hard. I wonder if he hopes it's me that he is paired with.
Even though it would turn me on immensely to have John watch me cum, I would never start anything more sexual with him because he is my boss. I'm not against office romances just not with my boss.
"Well I hadn't really thought about it John, but I guess that as long as we have our own rooms then it doesn't matter."
The high setting on the bullet is almost driving me insane with pleasure, pulsing hard and fast deep inside; I wish I could slide my fingers in too. Sliding over my clitoris all the way in to where the bullet is vibrating on that one spot that makes me cum so hard.
I look up to see John still watching me and to my horror he has picked the remote off the desk, rolling it around in his hand. As he is rolling it around it changes the settings backwards and forwards from low to high. This deep rhythmic pleasure is so intense that I have trouble getting my words out.
"How..."
I suck my breath in as John flicks the remote to high again.
"..about you John? Would it bother you?"
John put the remote down on the desk again.
"No it wouldn't bother me. Actually I think it could be quite interesting, anyway I better let you get back to work. Now you are sure that you're ok aren't you"
"Yes John I, I'm fine"
John had no sooner walked out the door when my orgasm hit. It was so intense, my pussy was clenching and pulsing so strongly with the force of the orgasm, that I thought it might actually break the bullet. I let out a quiet groan keeping it as quiet as I could so no one would hear when all I wanted to do was yell.
'Oh fuck oh fuck yeah oh fuck'.
Afterwards I was so relaxed that the day seemed to pass in a blissful haze until it was time to open the envelope. My hands shook a little as I tore it open and even though I was no longer nervous about going, I still wouldn't know who my companion would be, so there was a nervous excitement of the unknown.
The location chosen for me was a small secluded private cove with a cabin set back in the bush about two hundred meters from the beach. A driver is picking me up from home at 6 pm at which time I will be blindfolded until I arrive at the cabin. I don't understand why I have to be blindfolded, but it must be part of the team building, to show trust in our company.
The cabin has been fully stocked with enough provisions to last a month or more so we'll want for nothing. There will be no outside contact until the driver returns in four days; it will be just the two of us. God I hope we get along.
I have three hours to make sure that I am ready. Thank god I only live five minutes away because I want to have a good soak in the bath. I don't know what the amenities are like so I may not get another chance until I get back.
The first thing I do when I get home is set my alarm for 5.30 so that if I'm still in the bath I'll have time to get myself dried and dressed before the driver arrives. I go through everything I have packed to make sure that I haven't missed anything and then I run my bath.
I pour a small amount of jasmine scented bath oil in as the water is running. I love how silky smooth the bath oil makes my skin feel, it's so smooth my hands just glide over my body. By the time my bath is ready the bathroom is a sensual haze of jasmine and I light a couple of candles to add to the mood. For some reason, possibly because I am still a bit nervous about what is going to happen this weekend, I am filled with a sexual energy. My whole body is tingling, as I slowly remove my clothes and the material slides across my nipples causing me to gasp with pleasure. I run my hands over my body kneading my breasts and pinching my nipples until they are sensitive hard nubs and I am getting a pleasurable ache in my groin.
Stepping into the bath and slowly sliding down into the hot water is like a sweet stranger running their hands down the length of my body so now my body is tingling from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. I lay there in the scented hot water for a good ten minutes calming my body and then I'm ready for more pleasure.
As I lay there, circling my nipples with my finger, I wonder again who will be my partner and if it's Misty how would she react to any sexual behavior? I start to run my fingers down across my belly to my pussy. Would she be offended or would it excite her as much as it does me to have her watching me. I open the lips of my pussy letting the hot water gently lap at my exposed opening. Slowly I slide one finger in until the palm of my hand is resting on my clitoris then slide it out again gently circling my clit with my juices. I do this a few more times, sliding my finger in and out each time circling my clit until I am starting to pant with pleasure.
I imagine Misty coming into the bathroom, stunned at first, then becoming aroused herself. She watches me for a few minutes before lifting her skirt up to slide her hand into her panties. I insert a second finger into my pussy feeling myself contract around my fingers all the while I am still sliding them in and out and around my clit.
"Come over here Misty"
I say to her and as she draws nearer I reach out with my free hand and pull her panties to the side so I can see what she is doing.
"I want you to open your pussy to me. I want to watch you as your fingers slide in and out until you are dripping with pleasure."
I've never touched a woman's pussy before but I was curious to know what it felt like to slide my fingers into that warm heat. I watch her fingers sliding in and out and at the same time I am sliding my fingers in and out of my pussy so that our rhythm is the same, getting faster and faster and when I see that we are both almost ready to cum I let go of her panties and I slide my fingers in alongside hers. She feels so soft and tight; I feel her juices oozing between my fingers as I slide them in and out with hers. We both start to pump our hands faster and harder as our orgasms get closer. She has entwined our hands together so we are one; as she slides our fingers in one last time I feel her inner muscles clenching so hard around my fingers that they feel like they are being crushed.
Just thinking about what this would be like, the feel, the smell of arousal and just the overall excitement sends me over the edge as I slide my fingers over my clit one last time I explode; my cum squirts out around my fingers and this time I do yell.
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck yeah, oh fuck Misty. "
I lay there completely spent for a good 20 minutes and the bath water was starting to go cold, before I rouse enough to actually wash myself. I had just stepped out of the tub when my alarm went off.
'Well half an hour to go.'
I wish I knew where this place is. I'm not sure how I feel about having the control over whether I come or go taken away from me, but I guess that part of the team building thing too, you have to trust your co-workers and they have to trust you.
I decide that I would dress comfortably for the drive, so I choose a long winter skirt with a long sleeved silk blouse because the nights in autumn are cool, I want something light but warm. Underneath I have chosen to wear satin because my nipples are still very sensitive. I put on my black satin bra, but I don't worry about any panties, I want to have the freedom and to feel the cool air on my naked pussy and the naked friction it causes when I walk. Completing my underwear is a satin and lace garter belt that are holding up black lace top stockings. All I have left to do is put my lace up high heeled shoes on and I'm ready to go.
I have ten minutes to spare so I double check that I have everything I need and then I wander through every room making sure that all the windows and doors are locked. Just as I get back to the lounge room the door bell rings. It's the driver.
And so the adventure begins.
Chapter 3.
The driver carries my luggage down to the car, or I should say a small four wheel drive, I wonder if this is a clue to where we'll be travelling and after putting it in, he helps me into the back seat. Once I have my seat-belt on the driver puts a blindfold over my eyes, making sure that I can't see anything. The whole time the driver says nothing, not one single word. After about 10 minutes of being driven in silence I try to start a conversation.
"Hi."
Nothing
"Will you tell me your name?"
Still nothing
"I guess this means you're not allowed to speak to me."
Still no answer.
Sitting back into the cushioned seat I try to think of things I can do to try to get the driver to speak. After we had been driving for what seemed like an hour I decide to try something. I don't know if he can see me in his mirror, but I hope he can.
"It's getting a little hot in here."
I don't sense any movement to indicate that he can even hear me.
"I'll just undo a couple of my buttons."
This time I hear fidgeting in the seat so I'm sure watching now. I undo the buttons down to my waist and my shirt falls open exposing my breasts in my satin bra. I hear a deep intake of breath but nothing more.
As I run my hands over my breasts pushing them up until the nipples are almost exposed over the top of my bra I ask.
"Do you like to watch women pleasure themselves?"
Again there is just the intake of breath and a bit of fidgeting in the seat.
I really hope that this stays between us because I like this game and I don't want to stop. I want to see how far I can get before we reach the cabin.
"Do you want more? I'll only continue if I know this will stay between the two of us. I know you won't speak to me so if you want me to go on toot the horn once, twice if you want me to stop. If I go on it also means that you have agreed that this will stay between us."
I wait patiently with my breasts straining to release themselves from the confines of my bra. The time is ticking by and it seems like the driver has chosen for me not to continue, so I start to reach for my buttons, which isn't easy when you can't see what you're doing, and just as I find the first hole he toots the horn. Before letting go of my blouse again I wait a minute to see if he toots a second time. He doesn't. Cheeky bugger he likes my game.
"Hmmm how can we communicate if you're not allowed to talk to me? You can't keep tooting the horn, someone might complain about the noise. How about a cough, one cough if you like what I'm doing and two if you don't like it and you want me to stop. Do you agree?"
"Cough."
"Would you like me to touch my breasts?"
"Cough."
"Do you want me to undo my bra so you can see me as I knead my breasts, pinching my nipples, until they are hard nubs?"
"Cough."
Slowly I reach up and undo the front clasp of my bra and my breasts spring free. I can hear the driver fidgeting as my breasts start to sway and jiggle with the movement of the car. I reach up and gently squeeze them, pushing them together. I suck my finger sensually into my mouth to wet it then slowly run the wet tip around each nipple. The driver isn't the only one to suck in a breath with that, each time I flick my nipple with my wet finger, it sends a pleasurable tingle down into my groin. My pussy is becoming quite wet again with the pleasure this is causing. I often wonder how many times I can orgasm in one day, I think the most I've had is three.
"Do you want to see how wet my pussy is?"
"Cough."
I slide down in the seat so that my pussy is now angled up and open my legs. I hear movement in the front and I'm guessing that he is angling the mirror so he can see better, I can feel my juices trickling down between my ass cheeks and I know the driver would be able to see it too.
"Would you like me to open my pussy lips so you can see more?"
"Cough."
I reach down with both hands and slide my fingers down each side of my clit into my moist heat as I spread myself open for the driver to see. I wonder if he can see the moisture glistening around my pussy. I want to touch myself more and slide my fingers deep inside me but something holds me back and I wait until the driver answers my next question.
"Would you like me to slide my fingers into my tight, hot, wet pussy?"
"Cough, cough."
Suddenly I realized what I had sensed, the car was slowing down and we must have reached our destination. As I sit up and put my clothes back in order, I think to myself, I will finish this later in my room.
Chapter 4.
The driver turns me around to take my blindfold off, slowly running his fingers along my neck and cheeks until he reaches the tie. Leaning into me as he undoes it I can feel his long hard cock pressing between my ass cheeks to show me just how turned on he is. If he could I think he would bend me over the back seat and slide his cock deep into my throbbing wet pussy.
Once the blindfold is removed it takes me a moment for my eyes to adjust to the brightness of the interior light coming from inside the car and now that I can see again I make sure that I have my shirt buttoned and my skirt has been pulled down properly.
I take in my first sight of where I'll be staying for the next four days. The driver has taken my bags to the cabin so I am standing here alone. I'm stunned by the beauty that I see, although it is dark and has been for some time, there is a full moon or close to it, so it is quite bright, bathing everything in a silvery white glow.
I stand there mesmerized watching the moonlight sparkling on the water, it looks like millions of stars twinkling and when you include the sound of gentle lapping as the water ebbs and flows along the beach, it is very soothing. I look back to where I can see the cabin lights glowing in the distance and then back at the beach, I really want to take a walk along the beach in the moon light, I look back at the cabin and sigh. The walk will have to wait, I need to unpack and meet my new roommate. With one last look at the beach I head off in the direction of the cabin.
I draw nearer to the cabin, it doesn't look very inviting. It looks like one of those old log cabins that you see in the movies. The porch creaks as I step up to the door where the driver is waiting for me.
"It doesn't look very inviting does it?"
He just smiles at me but says nothing.
"Is my companion here yet?"
The driver shakes his head and points to the car letting me know that he has to leave now.
"Do you know when they will arrive?"
I see him shrug his shoulders as he walks back down the path to the car. I watch until the headlights are just a dim light in the distance and then I turn and walk inside.
My jaw drops when I walk into the cabin, everything looks so modern, the total opposite to the exterior. There is a very spacious kitchen with all modern appliances, a well sized living area and two bedrooms each with their own en-suite with shower and bath. I choose the bedroom on the right because I'll get the morning sun and it has a view of the beach. I guess you could say that looks can be deceiving and it's what's on the inside that matters. I unpack my suitcase making sure that my toys are hidden in my draw for later use.
I haven't eaten dinner yet so I decide to see what there is to eat. Opening the fridge I see a couple of bottles of wine, hmmm Moscato my favorite, there is also some fresh fruit, strawberries, grapes and other sliced fresh fruit, apples and oranges. I find a small picnic basket that I put one of the bottles of wine in, a glass and some of the fruit. Still my co-worker hasn't arrived so I think what the hell; grabbing my basket of goodies I head down to the beach.
Sitting down on the sand, that is still warm from the day's heat, I open the bottle of wine pour a glass and take a sip, aahhh it is like sweet nectar trickling down my throat. I sit there on the sand eating my fruit and sipping at the wine, the wine enhances the flavor of the fruit and it seems to disappear very quickly. When I have finished eating I re-seal the wine and sit it down beside me.
It is so peaceful here; if my co-worker doesn't show up I don't think I'll be too upset spending the weekend here alone. Sitting on the sand staring out at the water, I'm mesmerized by the sparkling ripples where the moon is lighting it up.
Surprisingly it is still quite warm, it's actually warmer than when I left home earlier. On a whim I decide to go for a swim, I can't be bothered going back to the cabin for my bathers though. I'm far enough away from the cabin and the car park that I won't be easily seen, and I should be able to hear if a car comes, although with the waves lapping against the shore I can't be certain. I decide to take the chance anyway. Reaching down I unlace my shoes, sliding my feet out of them, getting to my stocking clad feet, I stretch, raising my arms above my head and arching my back. Then I slowly slide my skirt down my legs until it lay in a puddle at my feet, standing up again I reach for my buttons.
I stop, I hear a noise.
"Is someone there?"
There is no answer. I stand and listen for a few more minutes and all I hear is the rustling of the trees in the breeze and the lapping water. It was probably just a nocturnal animal so I resume my undressing.
I undo the buttons slowly, I want to savor each moment, the gentle breeze whispering against my bare skin. The last button pops open and shrugging my shoulder the shirt slides down my arms to land on the sand next to my skirt.
I'm standing on a deserted beach in the moonlight with no idea where I am, in just a skimpy black satin bra, satin and lace garter belt and Black lace top stockings and I feel more alive than I have in a long time. I don't care that I feel like someone is watching; in fact the thought turns me on. I continue to remove my underwear, unclipping the garter from the stockings then bending at the waist to roll the stockings down my legs one at a time. Standing again I undo my bra sliding it off my arms to drop it down on my shirt. At last I take the garter off and I'm standing naked in the moonlight.
It still feels like someone is watching and I feel my nipples start to harden at the thought. I look around as I reach up and squeeze my breast, pinching my nipples but I still don't see anyone. Maybe it's just because I want someone to be there to watch, maybe the driver came back to finish what we started earlier.
Running my hands from my breast along my ribs then over my tummy down between my thighs, I cup my mound gently dragging my fingers back over my clit. I slide my finger in through my wet opening then out again bringing it to my lips where I slowly suck it into my mouth. I do this a few more times, sliding my finger into my pussy and then slowly sucking my juices off. I like the salty taste of my excitement. Is someone watching? I hope there is, I want them to see me tasting my delicious cum.
Spreading my legs a little wider I slide a second finger in, sliding them in as far as my hand will allow until I am touching the inner wall of my pussy. Sliding in and out, in and out constantly touching my inner wall, it feels so good but it's not enough, spreading my legs a little further, I slide a third finger in. Oh God this is so good, it feels so much tighter with three fingers and I'm so wet they slide in and out with ease. Each time I draw my fingers out I can feel the cool air inside me, then I slide my fingers back in and it's like hot and cold at the same time. My excitement has grown so much that I am beginning to pant and my juices are running down my legs.
I look up at the trees and I see someone standing there. As I watch them watching me, I can see that it is a man. Maybe I should be afraid and it does unnerve me a little because I'm here alone but when I see he has his cock in his hand stroking it in rhythm with my hand sliding in and out of me, it turns me on even more. Seeing him there and what he is doing is all it takes for me to explode around my fingers.
'Oh fuck, fuck, fuck.'
I could feel my cum squirt down my legs. The orgasm is so intense that my legs buckle beneath me and I fall to my knees in the sand with my fingers still buried deep in my pussy.
I look up at the man again and see his hand still pumping away on his cock, wanting him to cum as intensely as I did, even though my pussy is still clenching and spasming around my fingers, I slide them out and bring them to my lips. My fingers are covered in my cum and one by one I suck them into my mouth until they are clean. A drip starts to run down my chin, flicking my tongue out I catch it before it gets any further. Then I see the man arch back and growl as he cums too.
I close my eyes to savor the moment for a few minutes and when I open them again, the man was gone. Did I imagine he was there because I wanted so badly for it to happen? I just don't know.
My legs are still a bit shaky as I walk to the edge of the water. I let it lap at my feet for a few minutes, the sand tickling between my toes, before wading all the way in to my waist. The breeze is still quite warm but standing in the water I can feel how much it has cooled right down so I decide to dive in before I chicken out. I emerge up out of the water spluttering and gasping, it was a shock how cold the water is but it is still very invigorating. I swim for a few more minutes, then wade out of the water and back up the beach to my clothes. I slip my skirt and blouse back on, carrying my shoes and underwear along with the picnic basket; I wander back to the cabin.
As I slowly make my way back to the cabin, I am feeling very relaxed and invigorated at the same time. I keep replaying what happened on the beach, was the man I saw just part of my fantasy like when I was in the bath earlier fantasizing about Misty or was he really there?
Sometimes I am so aroused by my fantasies that they become real to me, so when I'm in a public place I'm not always certain what is real or fantasy. I didn't hear a car so I don't know if my house mate has arrived or not and they could be a woman.
Who could it have been, I couldn't see his face clearly in the moon light because I wasn't close enough. But I could definitely see what he was doing. The more I think about it the more I am convinced that the mystery man is real. Was it the driver? Or has my house mate arrived without me hearing? Or was it just some random person passing through who stumbled on an erotic scene? This is going to drive me crazy but at the same time I love the unknown too. If I was in the city I would be more cautious because there are so many unknowns, but here I just don't have that sense of danger. Besides I love the idea of someone watching me touching myself and cumming.
Just thinking about the intensity of my orgasm still causes my pussy to clench and spasm. I lick my lips and I can still taste my cum which causes my pussy to spasm again. Aghhh I want to go back down to the beach and do this again. I felt so sexy and Provocative.
God I need to pull myself together, I've never felt my sexual urges so strong before and if I'm not careful it could get me in trouble, after all this is work related.
Now I am composed enough to go inside and meet my new house mate.
Chapter 5.
Walking into the cabin I put the basket down on the bench and unpack it, putting the dirty dishes in the sink and the rest of the wine back in the fridge. It takes me a moment to realize how quiet it is and that I am still alone. I put the empty basket back in the cupboard and check the other bedroom to see if my co-worker has arrived yet. I poke my head through the door and call out.
"Hello, is anyone there?"
The room still looks empty. I wonder what has happened, it's almost 10 pm and my co-worker still hasn't arrived. Oh well it's their loss if they don't come, I know I'm going to enjoy myself with or without them. But for the moment I am utterly exhausted and am going to have a shower and go to bed.
I wander into my room, grab a towel and my new red lace teddy and make my way to the bathroom. I turn the shower on to warm while I get undressed, it only takes me a moment because I only put my skirt and shirt back on when I came back from the beach. As I turned to step into the shower I caught a glimpse in the mirror, my bedroom door is still open.
'Damn! Oh well I'm not shutting it now, I doubt anyone is going to show up this late at night anyway.'
So deciding to leaving the door open I step into the shower, adjusting the temperature until it is nice and hot but not scalding and stand under the pulsating spray. My late night swim although invigorating has left me feeling slightly chilled, so I just stand there until I have warmed up.
The steam has filled the bathroom causing everything to look hazy and unclear. Lathering my sponge I slowly bend down running the sponge down my legs as I go, lathering each one equally when I thought I saw someone in the door way. I assumed that it is my roommate, having finally arrived, who had seen my door ajar and came to investigate. So not wanting to scare them off if they were still there watching, I pretend that I haven't noticed them and slowly start to run the sponge back up my legs, over my belly and gently circle my breasts.
The silky softness of the soap as I run the sponge over my body is starting to turn me on and my nipples have become hard nubs again. I can't believe how easily turned on I've been today, as I said I am very sensual but I'm not normally like this. My skin is like a million nerves that travel straight to my groin, the slightest touch and it sends a tingling pleasurable ache and all I want to do is touch myself again and again so the pleasure continues.
The sponge has a slightly rough texture so it adds to the pleasure as I run it over my hardened nipples and then between my legs so that it grazes over my clitoris, causing me to gasp with pleasure.
I can't see or hear if there is anyone still out there watching because of the steam and the noise of the water running and I really want to hear their responses to what I'm doing. I am already starting to pant with the pleasure and excitement that I'm feeling but this time I want to have the fullness of my vibrator inside of me when I cum and I want to prolong the feeling.
'Oh god I'm so turned on right now but I don't want to cum yet. I want to use my vibrator.'
I step out of the shower and using the big fluffy towel that was hanging on the rack I dry myself vigorously. I think I can hear movement from the other room, but I don't stop what I'm doing. I finish drying myself and walk back into the bedroom. The room is empty but I can still sense someone watching me.
'Now which draw did I put it in?'
As I start searching through the draws I remember I put it under my lingerie. Reminding me that I had my sexy red teddy in the bathroom I decide to put it on too. Dropping the towel on the bedroom floor I walk naked back to the bathroom to put it on. I know that it should make me nervous having a stranger watching me all the time but it doesn't, I'm usually a quiet shy person but when I'm alone or at least not face to face with someone then I feel like I can do anything without judgement. I feel very sensual and sexy when I wear lingerie, and I like to touch myself feeling the smoothness of my skin under my fingers.
Picking the teddy up off the vanity where I had sat it earlier, I stay facing the mirror so I can watch myself as I put the teddy on. I gently run the red lace along my belly feeling the crisp coarseness as it moves across my skin. It's more sensual than the sponge in the shower and my nipples have now hardened until it is almost painful. First I run the satin section of the teddy over my nipples and gasp at the sensitive tingling, and then I slide the lace across my sensitive nubs.
'Ahhh fuck, I'm going to come standing right here if I don't stop.'
The feel of the lace sliding across my nipples is sending white hot darts of pleasure into my groin. I take my time pulling the teddy down my body to intensify the pleasure I am feeling.
Looking at myself in the mirror was like looking at a stranger, sweat glistening on my skin, eyes glazed with pleasure, lashes lowered and my chest heaving with the pleasure I am feeling and the anticipation of what I am going to do. I slide my hands down my body again so I can do the crotch fastening up, the whole time watching myself in the mirror.
Cum is already running down my thighs from the pleasure, as I'm pressing the studs together my finger rubs along my clit. Throwing my head back moaning I continue to watch myself in the mirror as I bring my cum covered fingers to my mouth, watching as I slowly slide them in and out of my mouth.
'Mmmm ahhh.'
I grab a hold of the vanity to steady myself. I have never watched myself like this before; it is amazing how sensual this is making me feel. My whole body is aching with need and I know that when I finally let myself orgasm it will be intense.
Chapter 6.
As I turn to make my way back to the bedroom something in the mirror catches my eye but when I look again there is nothing there. I know that I am still being watched and I want them to see everything.
Making my way slowly to the lingerie draw where I left the vibrator I turn it on to check the batteries, I let it vibrate over my body. First running it over my belly, the vibrations leave a tingling path along my skin as I made my way slowly up to my nipples. They are so sensitive, just the slightest touch of the vibrator on my hard nubs sends shock-waves of pleasure straight to my groin.
'Oooh I need to cum so bad.'
I lay down on the bed so I'm facing towards the door. Even as aroused as I am I haven't forgotten that someone might be watching and I want them to see me writhing in pleasure.
I bring the vibrator to my lips sliding it slowly in and out of my mouth to lubricate it and I also want whoever is watching to know that I love having a cock in my mouth. Then I bring it slowly back down my body circling each hard nipple as I go. As the vibrator reaches my belly button I start to tremble, covering my body is covered with goose bumps and the satin and lace of my teddy is starting to cling to my skin as my body heats up. I can feel cum dripping down my ass. Popping the buttons in the crotch of my teddy again I let the vibrator slide over my clit, sliding between my pussy lips but I don't slide it inside of me yet.
'Mmmm oh god this feels so good.'
I want more. I adjust the vibration speed to a higher setting and click the button so the vibrator moves in a circular motion while it's vibrating. The whole time I am sliding it in and out of my outer pussy lips, my stomach muscles are clenching with the need for release.
Finally using my other hand I spread my pussy lips open, even the air causes tingles on my sensitive exposed pussy. I slide the vibrator inside and my muscles automatically clench around it, without moving I adjust to the fullness inside me.
Slowly I start to slide the vibrator in and out, drawing it out almost all the way then sliding it back in so that it is buried deep inside my pussy and the clit tickler is vibrating against my clit. I arch my back writhing in pleasure as I start to pump the vibrator faster and faster. I can feel my orgasm building, cum is running down my ass and also covering my hand where I'm pumping the vibrator in and out. I want to taste my saltiness again so I reach down with my other hand again sliding my fingers one at a time in my pussy with the vibrator, then circling my clitoris before bringing my fingers up to my mouth. One at a time I circle my tongue around each finger licking my cum off.
Over the heavy beating of my own heart I hear someone else's heavy breathing, I can tell by the rapid breathing and the subtle sound of material moving that whoever is there is doing the same thing as me. I don't know if it is a man or a woman I only know that my pleasure is giving them pleasure too.
Coming to this realization sends me over the edge, I pump the vibrator into my pussy a couple more times, and then the first clenching wave of my orgasm hits me.
'Aahhh fuck, fuck, fuck.'
'Aaaahhh.'
Hearing their muffled pleasure sends my pussy into another spasm. As my pussy clenches I feel my cum squirt past my vibrator onto the bed, I hold still letting the circulating vibrations prolong the orgasm.
I am so exhausted that the most I can do is turn the vibrator off before falling asleep with it still buried deep inside me.
Chapter 7.
When I woke up I found that someone had put a blanket over me and removed my vibrator. It was lying on the bed beside me on top of a piece of paper and a blind fold next to it, picking it up I see that it is a note.
"If you want something real instead of the vibrator then come down to the beach at 12 pm and put the blind fold on, there will be more instructions when you get here"
I am definitely intrigued and I would love to feel a big hard cock sliding deep into my aching wet pussy, it's been a while since I've been able to enjoy that type of pleasure. Do I have the guts to do this with a stranger that I won't even know what they look like? Yes, and it is because I won't be able to see them that I'm ok with this.
I wonder what he will do to me, the anticipation gives me goose bumps and I can feel the tingling in my groin. I need to calm myself if I want to save my orgasms for our encounter and I still have a couple of hours to go.
While I make myself some toast and coffee for breakfast I decide to see if my co worker had arrived yet. The bedroom door is still open and looking in the bed is still made.
"Hello, is anyone here?"
No answer, I guess I'm still alone except for the mystery man at least I think it's just one man. This thought makes me think, what would it be like having two men, one that I give pleasure to while the other gives me pleasure and then they change positions.
'Hmm, I might have to try this at some point.'
I make my way back to the kitchen and finish my breakfast, wondering what happened to the person that was supposed to be here with me. Oh well it's their loss, this is a beautiful spot and so far I am having an amazing time.
I decide that I want a little bit of stimulating pleasure while I wait after all; so I go back to my bedroom and get my butterfly out. The butterfly straps on but unlike the vibrator it is not inserted deep it rests just on and in my outer pussy lips so it vibrates against my clit.
As soon as I turn it on it is instant pleasure, but this time I just want to stimulate myself I don't want to cum so I leave the setting on low. This gives me a gentle pulse against my clit.
'Oohh, that's just right. I'll be nice and wet when I go down to the beach.'
I decide to clean up my breakfast dishes and do some reading and just enjoy the gentle pulsating against my clit while I wait for the time to come for my rendezvous on the beach.
I lose track of the time as I immersed myself in my book and the butterfly humming against me. I am so relaxed in a pleasure induced way, my skin has a flushed glow all over and I am quiet wet but not quite dripping though. I almost feel like I am in a dream I am so relaxed. I look at the time and realize that if I want to go ahead with this meeting then I better get moving.
I get up stretching and make my way back to my room to put the butterfly away. As I take it off I can't help myself I have to feel how wet I am, as I slide my fingers between my pussy lips I can feel my juices coating them bringing them to my lips and sucking them in and imagining I was sucking a cock coated in my cum into my mouth.
'Hhmmm, I can't wait to see what will happen on the beach.'
It is a lovely warm autumn day so I put on a short dress with sandals, braiding my long blonde hair so it's out of the way. Under my dress I have decided on a black satin strapless bra and crotch-less panties. Now I'm ready, closing the door of the cabin I make my way down to the beach and whatever awaits me.
Chapter 8.
I arrive at the beach to find what looks like a Bedouin tent with the sides all open, a large picnic rug and cushions. There is even an ice bucket with a bottle of wine chilling and two wine glasses. Making my way into the tent I see an envelope and blindfold laying against the cushions, picking up the envelope and tearing it open I read my next lot of instructions.
"I will not speak to you at any time; our communication will only be done in this way although you are welcome to talk to me. I wish to remain anonymous at this time. Once you have the blindfold on I will make my presence known by opening and pouring us a glass of wine.
I want you to get to know my body by touching, feeling and tasting anywhere you like, I will also take pleasure in doing the same to you. If you want me to do a certain thing or you have a fantasy you want to try, just let me know and I will do what I can to fulfill these for you.
Now I want you to relax back in the cushions, in only your underwear and wait for me. Remember I will not speak to you at all."
I take my dress off and lay it to one side so it's out of the way, lying back against the cushions I reread the letter before putting the blindfold on and then I wait. I am feeling a nervous excitement as I wait, nervous because this is a stranger and excitement because of what I'm hoping will happen and looking forward to the sensations that my whole body is going to feel.
As I'm waiting and my excitement grows I start to feel my juices run down between my ass cheeks. Then I hear it, the sound of the wine bottle being pulled out of the ice and the pop of the cork as it's opened. I feel a nudge against my hand as I was given a glass of wine and I gingerly take hold of it.
I take a sip and I can feel the cool, sweet liquid slide down my throat.
"Mmmm, do you taste as sweet as this delicious wine?"
I finish my wine and reach for the stranger. Seeing what I'm doing he takes hold of my hand and places it on his bare shoulder. I reach with my other hand and feel my way up to his face. He has short cropped hair, a slight growth of stubble along his jaw and chin and his eyes and nose seem perfectly proportioned. I brought my face in to gently rub my cheek against the roughness of his, breathing in his scent as I do. There is freshness about him like a spring shower on freshly cut grass and it sends my senses tingling.
I slowly feel my way down his arms; they are strong but not body builder muscles, more like the muscles of a man who works hard for a living. Then moving across to his stomach I hear and feel his intake of breath as I run my fingers along the top of his jeans.
"So, you like that do you?"
Running my fingers across his stomach again and again he takes another deep breath. Next I slowly glide my hands up his chest, it's mostly smooth with a light sprinkling of hair and again I can feel that he is strong but not overly muscled, I like this.
My fingers find first one nipple and then the other and I can feel a groan rumble under my fingers as I continue to circle his nipples. Blindly I bring my face in until my lips touch the strangers' chest, flicking my tongue out I find his hardened nipple. Flicking it with my tongue then nipping gently with my teeth, the whole time my other hand is circling and pinching his other nipple. I swap nipples so they both get the same amount of attention.
"Hhmmm, you do taste sweet but with a salty twist, like the rim of a margarita glass."
I glide my hand back down his body until I feel his hard cock straining against the denim of his jeans. The whole time I am feeling the strangers' body I am becoming more and more aroused and my juices have once again escaped my pussy, the crotch-less knickers are no barrier. I want him to touch me but first I want to feel his cock in my mouth.
"I think that you might be a bit over dressed, but I think I can help you with that."
Reaching down with both hands I find my way to the button on his jeans popping it open. You would think that what I'm doing should make me nervous, I mean I'm just about to take a total strangers cock out of his pants and more. But it's almost like knowing someone is watching me, it really turns me on but instead of just touching myself I'm touching someone else too.
The stranger is standing in front of me and I glide my hands down his body as I lower myself so that I am kneeling on the cushioned floor and the bulge of his denim clad cock is directly in front of my face. I slide the zip slowly down and feeling my way around the waist band of his jeans I gently tug them down hooking my thumbs' at the same time. His hard erect cock springs free, slapping me softly on the cheek. I turned my head and softly kiss the side of it at the lower edge of his knob; I can hear the hiss of his in drawn breath and a slight tremor run through his body where I had brought my hands back up to rest on his bare hips.
"Hhmm, so you like it when my lips touched your cock?"
His response was that I could feel his cock twitch up and down against my cheek. I turn my face and run my tongue from the base of his cock along the underside right up to the knob, circling the rim of his knob with just the tip of my tongue. I run my tongue over the very top, tickling the eye of his cock as I go and I taste the drop of pre-cum that has just oozed out.
" Mmmm, salty."
I move my hands from his hips so that one is cupping his balls and the other is circling his cock. I continue to run my tongue over his cock but this time I take him into my mouth, just the head at first while I gently but firmly stroke his cock. At the same time I am gently kneading his balls with the other hand. I can feel the strangers' body tensing with excitement. I move my hand that's stroking him and take him all the way into my mouth until the head of his cock touches the back of my throat then all the way out again. Before taking him into my mouth again I gently blow cool air on his wet cock feeling him twitch with the sensation.
I feel around for where I remember the ice bucket was and take an ice block. Bringing my hand back to the strangers cock I run it up his length from where his balls meet his cock to the knob. Gently blowing warm air where the heat of his cock has melted the ice causing his cock to twitch so hard I almost lose my grip. I put the ice block in my mouth, sucking on it to cool my mouth. Then with the ice block still in my mouth I slowly suck the strangers cock in.
I take him fully into my mouth, the ice block sliding up and down his cock as he is sliding in and out with each stroke. When the ice block hits the edge of his cock his whole body jerks with the shock of the cold against the silky heat of his own body.
Feeling the growing excitement in the strangers body and tasting his pre-cum that forms on the tip of his cock as each stroke of my mouth brings him closer to the edge turns me on so much that I can feel my own cum starting to run down my legs.
"Mmmm I think we both needed to cool down a bit and I think it's time you touched me. You did say you were going to give me something more real than my vibrator didn't you?"
The stranger gently but firmly pushes me back onto the cushions. I can hear the rustling of clothes as he finishes removing his jeans at least that is what I assume he is doing. I feel the cushions dip as he lies down beside me and I can now feel his naked length, his hard cock pressing against my thigh.
After what seemed like ages I feel him reaching for something.
"You're not planning on tying me up are you?"
I start to fidget with anticipation but he still makes no move to touch me yet. There is an exciting nervous tension running through my body as I lay there waiting expectantly, then when he slowly slides his hands up my arms it causes me to gasp with pleasure. He stretches them above my head but he doesn't tie them just holds them with his hand. His touch is soft like running your fingers over velvet.
I try to lower my arms but his grip is quite firm. The anticipation of what he will do next is exciting me beyond measure and the longer I wait for him to touch me the wetter I get.
"Please, please touch me. I want to feel you. I want you to feel the cum on my pussy. I can feel it sliding down between my ass cheeks and I want you to run your fingers through it."
Suddenly I feel the lightest of touches. It's a feather. From where he is holding my wrists the stranger runs a feather down my arms, the touch is so light but it makes my skin tingle.
He circles my breasts, first one nipple circling it with the feather and then the other. So softly that it feels like a gentle breeze blowing over my naked skin. He repeats this around both of my nipples again. This is causing my nipples to become more sensitive than I have ever felt them, they are rock hard and the slightest touch of the feather causes my pussy muscles to clench and I can already feel an orgasm starting and all he has done is touch me with a feather.
I'm fidgeting and wiggling trying to ease the tension that is building and I try to bring my hands down so I can touch myself but the stranger is still holding them above my head.
He runs the feather around my nipples again.
"Arrrr, mmmm."
He moves the feather down my body circling my bellybutton still with the gentlest of touches. He reaches my crotch-less knickers and stops, waiting for me to settle. Every nerve ending in my body is tingling and my pussy is clenching with need. There were no other words that I could say but;
"Please."
Then the feather touched my clit, just the lightest of touches as it glides down to my ass, but that is enough to send me over the edge. My body starts bucking with the intensity of my orgasm as wave after wave of pleasure rocks my whole body.
I felt the strangers smooth hard cock slide into my clenching pussy, startling me for a moment as the pleasure of my orgasm starts to subside and I am able to take in my surroundings again. Then his cock slides against my clit the sensation starts again. It doesn't take long for him to reach his orgasm with my pussy clenching and pulsing so tightly around him.
We lay there for a few moments catching our breath, before the stranger moves to lie beside me.
"Oh my god I have never felt an orgasm that intense, both mine and yours. I could feel your cum squirting deep inside me and I could feel my cum squirting around your cock."
We lie there against the cushions for a long time catching our breath and just enjoying each other's nearness. Then I start thinking about how sensitive my body is and I want more, I want to cum again and I want to taste the strangers cum too.
"I want to taste your cum mixed with mine."
Reaching down I slide my fingers into my pussy, sliding them in and out.
"I'm so wet with our cum."
I bring my fingers to my lips, sliding them into my mouth, circling them with my tongue to get all the cum off. I hear him groan.
"Sorry, I was imagining I was sucking the cum from your cock."
He pulled me over his body so that I was laying on top of him, but not face to face. I can feel his cock against the side of my mouth at the same time I can feel his hot breath on my pussy.
"Oh so you want me to taste our cum on your cock do you?"
I take hold of his cock, he is hard once again.
I was wondering if he would be ready again, some men take a lot longer before they can go again.
I slowly ran my tongue around his knob tasting our combined saltiness before sliding his cock all the way in my mouth. At the same time the stranger reaches up running his tongue along my pussy lips causing me to jump with surprise, flicking my clit before pushing his tongue into my pussy lapping up our juices.
We start moving together. I slide his cock into my mouth at the same time he slides his tongue into my pussy flicking my clit each time. In and out faster and faster, I can feel another orgasm starting for both of us, his balls are starting to tighten under my hand and his cock is getting even harder.
This is enough to send me over the edge again and my pussy starts clenching around his tongue as I squirt my cum into his mouth. At the same time he starts to cum too, pulsing into my mouth. I swallow his cum, wiping the drip that has oozed out with my finger and licking it off. Then I roll over to lie beside him again.
"That was amazing, when you said it would feel better than my vibrator you weren't joking. I could happily sleep now."
Chapter 9.
I awake some time later and taking the blind fold off I see that the stranger has gone but he has left another note with a pen.
How long will you be staying for?
Tell me one of your fantasies and I will try to make it happen before you leave.
Write down your answers and leave it under the ice bucket.
I hope I can give you your fantasy; I'll leave you another note by the end of the day to let you know if it can be done.
Yours B
As I get dressed my mind is buzzing with fantasies that I want to try, but the one that stands out the most is one that I have been thinking about since earlier. Picking up the pen I start writing;
I leave on Monday so that really only leaves tomorrow and the fantasy I have in mind you may not be able to fulfill.
I want to experience a threesome, two men and me.
I hope you can help me with this fantasy
I leave my answer under the ice bucket as requested and make my way back to the cabin. I shower and just slip my satin robe on, I don't feel like wearing clothes at the moment my body is still too sensitive from the afternoons activities.
Making my way to the kitchen, I make myself some chicken and salad that I found in the fridge earlier for dinner. And sit down to eat while I wait for a reply.
Finishing my dinner I get up to clean up my dirty dishes, I notice how dark it has gotten and how tired I am. Even though I slept this afternoon the day's activities has left me exhausted. I decide to get an early night and as I haven't heard anyone in the cabin I assumed that B, I have decided to call him this because of how he signed the note, couldn't organise my fantasy in such a short amount of time.
Walking into the bedroom, there on the middle of the bed was a letter. I look around to see if he is still in the room but there is only me there.
Your fantasy will cum true tomorrow night at 9 pm.
Come to the other bedroom wearing something sexy.
You will find further instructions then.
Climbing into bed I reread those three lines over and over again, imagining my fantasy coming true until I finally drifted off into a deep sleep.
Sunday morning I awoke feeling refreshed and full of energy. Stretching, I could feel my body humming; it was like I could actually feel it vibrating. The touch of the cotton sheets across my nipples had them erect, hard little nubs in seconds. It was smooth like satin but coarse like lace all at the same time and it was causing little sparks of pleasure to shoot down to my groin.
Gliding my hands over my nipples down my body to my pussy, using one hand I open my pussy lips while sliding two fingers in. Oh I'm so wet. I just can't get enough and with what is going to happen tonight, the cum is going to be running down my legs all day.
I slide my fingers in and out, running them across my clit with each stroke. Another finger is sliding over my ass at the same time, the cum from my pussy lubricating it so my finger slides in my ass easily. The sensation is amazing, being filled in my pussy and my ass at the same time. I feel so full and it's like I have a second G spot. Slowly I start sliding my fingers in and out, one rubbing my clit while the other was massaging the G spot in my ass. It only took about half a dozen strokes and my ass and pussy were clenching around my fingers.
'Fuck, fuck, oh god yes fuck.'
I lay there for a few minutes letting my breathing get back to normal before sliding my fingers out. Getting out of bed I wash and get dressed.
I hope they do something like that tonight. I have decided that I am going to spend the day relaxing so that I have plenty of energy for tonight. Before I do anything though, I'm going to get my outfit ready.
I have already decided what I am going to wear; it's a black satin corset and satin G-string underwear.
I've chosen this because although it covers most of me it also tantalizes with glimpses of my nipples and pussy. Once the corset is laced up it pushes my breasts up until my nipples can be seen peeking over the top.
The G-string is just a small triangle piece of satin that covers the very front of my pussy and some elasticized string that runs from my clit, up between my ass cheeks and around my hips. So although covered I might as well not be wearing anything.
I hope they think that's sexy enough. The sensation of the G-string rubbing against my clit and my nipples along the top of the corset always makes me wet when I wear them. But for now I need to relax.
Grabbing a bit of toast for breakfast, I then make a sandwich, get a bottle of water and put them into a cooler bag for lunch. I get my book, towel, cooler bag and an umbrella and make my way down to the beach.
My day is spent alternating between reading, swimming, eating and sleeping. So by 6 pm when I decide to head back to the cabin to have some dinner and get ready, I am totally refreshed and ready for my fantasy night.
Chapter 10.
I want to take my time getting ready so at 7 pm after I have cleaned up my dinner dishes I head back to my room. Just seeing my outfit lying on the bed sends my body tingling with excitement.
'Pull yourself together Natasha you've only got a 2 hour wait, you can get through that without pleasuring yourself and then they will do it all for you.'
I make my way to the bathroom and start the water running in the bath, pouring a small amount of my jasmine bath oil in too. It always makes my skin feel silky and soft and it smells so good. I want to smell sexy as well as look sexy.
Getting into the bath I slide down into the silky warmth and think about the coming night. I am a little nervous, I've never been with two men at once and they are strangers too. But even though I am nervous my body is still tingling with the excitement of the thought of what is going to happen. It's like I can already feel them touching me, four hands gliding over every inch of my skin. My body is so sensitive.
Before I know it it's almost time to go to the other room. Climbing out of the almost cold water I start to dry myself, the towel is a little bit coarse so when it grazes over my nipples it causes a moan to escape past my lips as I imagine it is a tongue that has gently licked my nipple. And I know that what I feel dripping down my legs isn't just water. I am so turned on right now that I am on the verge of an orgasm.
The corset that I'm wearing has been fitted perfectly to my measurements so as I slide the zip up it is firm but not restrictive and it pushes my breasts up until my nipple can be seen poking over the top.
I slide the g-string up over my legs and bottom, the elastic finally settling between my pussy lips. This causes a jolt to run through my body, the sensation of the elastic rubbing along my clit almost causing me to cum on the spot.
Finally I'm ready to make my way to the other room.
Everything is quiet so I know they aren't here yet as I slowly push open the door. I look around the room just to make sure and see that it is almost identical to my room.
On the bed was another note. Picking it up I see it is my next lot of instructions.
"You will find a blindfold lying on the pillow."
I look up and sure enough there it is; I hadn't even noticed it as I was so focused on the letter.
"There is a stool in the corner, bring it to the center of the room making sure that there is plenty of room all the way around it."
"When you have done this I want you to sit on it facing the door, we want to see your pussy when we enter the room. Then when the time comes that I want you to do something or move into a different position you will hear my voice for the first time. I will only whisper in your ear though and I will not answer you if you talk to me."
Looking around I find the stool and bring it to the middle of the room, walking around it to make sure there is plenty of room. Then I go to retrieve the blindfold and I notice there is a vibrator lying between the pillows, it's not an ordinary vibrator though, it is a vibrating butt plug. This gives me a little shiver at the thought of them using it on me.
Sitting down on the stool I read the final words of the note.
"The other person here to help fulfill your fantasy will also be blindfolded and will not be allowed to speak so he will not answer if you talk to him."
It's time. I put the blindfold on and open my legs facing the door. As I open my legs the elastic rubs against my clit again and I can feel my pussy start to drip and I decide to taste it before they get here. I run my finger along the elastic of my g-string and I can feel the cum, I bring it to my lips sucking my cum soaked finger into my mouth.
That's when I heard the in drawn breath and I knew they had arrived and that he had seen what I had done.
Chapter 11.
I could sense that they were next to me even though they hadn't touched me yet. B must be positioning the fantasy guy where he would need to be so there would be no stumbling around.
Then I felt the warmth of his breath caress the back of my neck as he leaned in to whisper into my ear.
"I want you to hold your hands behind your back until I tell you otherwise. If you can't do this I will have to tie them to the stool that you are sitting on. I want you to keep your legs spread wide open too"
The sound of B's voice for the first time sent quivers of desire running along my skin. It was so masculine with a deep gravely tone that vibrated through my body.
"We are going to start touching you now and you must hold still until I tell you to move."
I shivered again from the sound of his voice.
For a moment everything was so still and quiet and all I could hear was our breathing. I felt someone's hands on my shoulder; they both had their hands resting on my shoulders, one on each side of me. After standing like this for a moment they both started to glide their hands down over my shoulders to my breasts.
I let out a moan as their hands found my nipples, circling and pinching them at the same time. The sensation of the caresses and knowing that it was coming from two people had me writhing on the stool with excitement. It didn't take me long to figure out which side of me B was on having felt his hands before.
"Oh fuck, this feels amazing. The way I can feel the differences between you both, it's so erotic. I can feel my juices drenching my G- string and pooling on the stool under me."
My corset is unzipped and it falls to the floor. Now they have full access to my body and after circling and pinching my nipples a few more times making sure they are now hard sensitive nubs they start their downward descent. My belly quivers with the building excitement as their hands glide over me. I wiggle on the stool and start to bring my hands forward so I can touch them too, but before I even get them to my sides I hear a growl from B stopping me from going any further. I whimper;
"I'm sorry; I just want to touch too"
Both their hands slide down my inner thigh just touching the edge of my pussy on each side.
"I am so wet right now."
One on each side rubbing my juices up and down my pussy lips and clit, B tries to keep the same rhythm as the blind folded guy until I'm on the verge of my first orgasm.
"I want to cum, oh god I want to cum so bad"
It's like they are in sync and as they slide their fingers to the center of my pussy they lean in sucking my nipples into their mouths at the same time as they push their fingers into my pussy. The orgasm is instant.
"Aaaarrrr fuck, fuck, fuck."
I can feel my pussy clenching down hard on their fingers and my cum squirting out around them, over their hands.
It takes a few minutes to calm down again so that I can speak again.
"Oh my god, I never scream but the intensity of both your hands and mouths at the same time, wow I've never felt anything like it."
I feel like jelly now and a little bit sleepy. But I know that B hasn't finished with my fantasy yet and he still hasn't told me I can move.
Chapter 12.
As I'm sitting there recovering from my orgasm, I hear a rustling as someone settles down on the bed. Nobody is talking so all I can do is sit and wait.
"What are you doing?"
Of course there was no answer so I just sat there on the stool listening to their movements trying to figure out what they were doing. The next thing I know B is standing behind me whispering in my ear.
"I want you to stand with your arms beside your body and your legs slightly apart. What I am going to do now is get you wet and dripping ready for the next part of your fantasy"
Standing, B steadies me because with the blindfold I'm a bit unsteady. Then he moves the stool out of the way. He comes back so that he is standing behind me again and I can feel his warm breath running down my naked back. Reaching down he hooks his thumbs under the elastic of my G-string and slides them down until I can kick them off.
B starts placing gentle kisses down my spine and at the same time his hands reach around to caress my breasts. He is being so gentle and the sensation it causes is different than before, it's like it's more personal. With each of his feather light caresses my body starts to tingle again.
Kissing his way around until he is facing me, everywhere B's lips and fingers touched was sending wave after wave of pleasure straight to my clit. He is kissing a path down my body until I can feel his warm breath on my pussy. Flicking his tongue backwards and forwards against my clit almost buckles my knees with the sparks of pleasure it causes. He is sucking on my clit while sliding his tongue in and out from between my pussy lips.
"Oh, oh, oh."
B was lapping up my cum with his tongue and mouth and I could feel the throbbing pleasure of another orgasm building. He must have sensed it too, the change in my breathing maybe, but he doesn't want me to cum yet. Making his way up my body he kisses me, pushing his tongue into my mouth. I can taste the saltiness of my cum on his tongue as we kiss.
I feel the cum running down my thighs and B whispers in my ear
"Are you ready?"
As he slides his fingers between my pussy lips feeling just how wet I am.
"Oh god yes, yes I'm ready"
I don't even know what I'm ready for just that I'm ready.
B leads me over to the bed where the guy is waiting to help fulfill my fantasy. I feel very short of breath with the excitement that I'm feeling. I'm also feeling nervous. Remembering the anal vibrator I had seen on the bed earlier, I've never had a threesome before and I've also never done any anal either. B is whispering instructions to me again.
"I want you to crawl to the middle of the bed so that you are kneeling between his legs. But don't touch until I tell you that you can."
Climbing onto the bed I start crawling towards the center, feeling my way until I feel the dip from the weight of the stranger. I stop and kneel, waiting for B to tell me what to do next. The suspense of waiting only seems to heighten the excitement that I'm feeling.
My mind starts to wander while I wait, wondering what they will do. Who will do what and how they will do things. I just don't know what to expect. So when B climbs onto the bed causing it to dip down it startles me.
B is kneeling behind me; I can feel the heat of his body almost touching my back. He whispers in my ear;
"Reach forward and feel his body, use your hands and mouth to make his cock hard. When he is ready to cum I want him to cum in your mouth but before he finishes I want you to pull his cock out of your mouth so that he can cum on your face too.
While you are sucking on his cock I'm going to fuck you from behind like you've never been fucked before"
Chapter 13.
As I reach forward I find strong muscular legs, running my hands gently up them until I find his cock. Even not fully erect as I run my hands up and down his cock and over his balls I can tell that he is large and wonder what it would feel like inside me, although he isn't quite as large as B.
I can feel him twitch in my hands as his cock starts to grow. Leaning forward a little more while holding his cock in one hand I suck it completely into my mouth, feeling him grow until he is fully erect and is starting to gag me where it pushes on the back of my throat. The hissing intake of breath tells me that he likes that I can fit all of him into my mouth.
At the same time as I'm doing this I feel B's hands glide down my back and start gently kneading my ass. Working his way backwards and forwards from my ass to my thighs, then slowly slides a finger into my wet hot pussy. Sliding in and out past the lips of my pussy along my clit and then rubbing my cum from my clit to my ass making sure that his fingers slide easily as they go.
My excitement is starting to build and for a moment I lose my sucking rhythm on the fantasy guy's cock. I can feel B reaching for something as he continues to finger my pussy. Now I hear a low buzzing sound and almost without losing his rhythm he swaps his finger with the vibrator. It must be the one I had seen earlier.
"Mmmmmmmm."
Is all I can mumble around the cock in my mouth.
B slides the vibrator in and out of my pussy a few times before sliding it up to the rim of my ass. He pushes it in a little and holds it still so I can get comfortable with the feel of it vibrating in my ass. After a minute or so he starts to move it again, pushing it in and out a little further each time. My ass is tight and even with my cum lubricating it it's not sliding easily, B says to me;
"I'm just going to put some lube on the vibrator so it'll slide in easier."
Resting the vibrator on the edge of my ass B squirts some lube on it and my ass. I jump a little as the cold gel hits me, the heat of my body and the cold gel gives me a shivery chill but it doesn't take long to heat up again. It's almost like running an ice block over and in my hot pussy then letting it melt. I like the feel of the vibrator in my ass, the tight full feeling and the vibrations vibrating and stimulating me through my ass and into my pussy. It feels so good.
B starts to move the vibrator again, it slides in and out freely now and B keeps going until the vibrator slides fully into my ass. Suddenly he slides two of his fingers into my pussy at the same time as he slides the vibrator into my ass. The intense pleasure I feel causes my pussy to clench on B's fingers and at the same time my ass clenches on the vibrator, sending sparks of pleasure through to my clit.
B is whispering to me again.
"You like that don't you. Well now you're going to get more than my fingers, I want to feel you clenching around my cock."
B adjusts himself and I feel his cock, then with a gentle thrust he pushes his cock all the way into my pussy. Allowing me time again to become more comfortable with the complete fullness, B holds himself still. I think it's for him as well as for me that he holds still, I can feel the vibrator vibrating against his cock too and I think he needs to calm the sensation it's causing him before he can move.
Oh my god, I have never felt so full. I have a cock in my mouth, B's cock in my pussy and the vibrator in my ass and even though I know it's not possible, I want more.
Slowly B starts sliding his cock in and out and I can feel the vibration running along his cock to my clit. I start sucking on the fantasy guys cock so that I'm in rhythm with each of B's strokes and then B reaches between us and starts sliding the vibrator in and out too.
I can feel the three of us start to tighten as we get closer to cumming and our rhythm is getting faster and faster. The fantasy guy suddenly stiffens and pushes his cock deep into my mouth as he starts to cum. I feel and taste his hot cum in my mouth, swallowing some. Then using my hand I continue to stroke his cock until he squirts the rest of his cum over my face.
I feel B start to cum too and I can't hold back any longer. My pussy clamps down hard on B's cock and at the same time my ass clenches on the vibrator.
"Ahhh, Oh God, Oh God, Fuck,Fuck, Fuck."
My cum is squirting down my thighs past B's cock. This orgasm is so intense; my pussy starts clenching B's cock again as the vibrator in my ass causes another orgasm.
"Oh God, another one Oh Fuck."
B starts to pull his cock out and this moves the vibrator again and causes another orgasm although this last one was more like an aftershock.
"Ahhhh mmmmmm."
After three orgasms my body decides to calm down and I collapse onto the fantasy guy's lap exhausted. I barely noticed when B slid the vibrator out of my ass and wiped the cum off my face, thighs, pussy and ass. I didn't even notice B move me so that he could help the fantasy guy out of the room.
Even though I felt the blindfold being removed and the blanket pulled over me and that someone was lying beside me. I was too tired to think what it meant.
Chapter 14.
Wakening slowly I realize that its morning and I'm going home today. I think to myself did last night really happen or was it an amazing dream where fantasies can come true. Then I notice the warm body pressed against me.
My movement must have woken him because when I looked down all I saw were the most brilliant blue eyes staring back at me. And he says;
"Good morning. I trust you slept well."
"Good morning. Yes I did thank you."
Putting a face to the body and the voice is a bit unnerving, I don't know what to say or do. Knowing that he helped me to fulfill my biggest fantasy and what he did to me and what I had done to him has caused me to become shy. But before I have a chance to say anything he says.
"Would you like some breakfast."
"Yes please. If you don't mind though I'm going to have a shower first."
"That's fine; I'll meet you in the kitchen in half an hour then."
I stand under the shower spray letting the heat flow through my body, going over the events of the weekend. What an erotic weekend it has been and to think I didn't even want to come on this training weekend.
"Shit, what am I going to tell them tomorrow when they ask how it went?"
That certainly snapped me out of my reverie. Hurriedly finishing my shower, I get dressed in a three quarter length button up summer dress with matching sandals. I decide to go without my bra and knickers, today I am feeling free.
By the time I reach the kitchen I am back to being my usual confident self. And as for this weekend well nobody needs to know, as far as anyone will know I spent the weekend alone.
B was standing at the stove cooking scrambled eggs and toast. I hadn't realized how hungry I was until I smelt them.
"Mmmm, smells good."
"Have a seat; I'm just about to dish it up."
We ate in silence for a while lost in our own thoughts. Then it suddenly occurred to me that I don't know his name, just that he signed his notes with a B. I stop eating and look up at him.
"What is your name or would you rather I only know you as B."
"My name is Brad, Brad Jones."
I reach across the table and shake hands.
"Hello Brad, I'm Natasha."
"I know who you are Natasha, I've known all along."
I sit there staring at Brad stunned and for a moment I don't say anything. Then;
"What do you mean you know who I am?"
"Your boss; John is a good friend of mine and when he spoke to me about the team building weekend he was planning I offered my cabin as one of the hidden retreats."
Our breakfast was forgotten as I sat quietly listening to what he was saying and all I could think was; is he going to tell John and will this have an impact on my job? And in the back of my mind I'm telling myself I don't care because this has been the most amazing weekend. I bring myself back from my thoughts and listen as Brad continues talking.
"John rang me on Friday evening to tell me the weekend had been called off at the last minute and when he tried to call you to let you know you were already on your way here. I was supposed to meet you when you arrived so the driver could take you home again, but I was running late and the driver had long gone."
Still trying to wrap my head around everything that Brad was saying I asked;
"So why didn't you come and find me so I could arrange to go home?"
Brad gave me a sheepish look with a hint of a smile before saying;
"I did come looking for you and I found you on the beach. I couldn't believe my eyes seeing you standing there naked and touching yourself. You were so beautiful and it was so erotic, I even pulled my cock out and started stroking myself until when I saw you cum I couldn't contain myself and with another stroke or two I was cumming too."
Looking into his eyes I see total honesty
"So why did you still not say anything?"
"I was still going to until I saw you in the shower. Every time I saw you, you were doing the most sensual erotic things and all I wanted was to see more and I wanted to be a part of it too. I thought if you knew you didn't have to be here or who I was you would be more open with me and what you wanted."
Brad paused for a moment looking me straight in the eyes
"And I wouldn't change a thing. You are amazing, what we have done together has been amazing and if you give me a chance it won't stop being amazing."
We both just sit at the table staring silently into each other's eyes.
Chapter 15.
I suddenly make a decision, getting up from the table I say to Brad;
"I'm going to pack, could you please make arrangements for me to get home?"
"Of course Natasha, but please will you think about seeing me again. I would really like to get to know you better. John knows how to get in touch with me if you decide you would like that too."
I don't say anything to him as I go to my room and pack.
I make sure I have all my toys and lingerie packed; these are things that I'm fanatical about because they are a very important part of who I am. It takes me a good half an hour to make sure I have everything and by the time I bring my suitcase out there is a car waiting to take me home.
Brad takes my suitcase and puts it in the car, then turns to me one last time and says;
"Please think about what I said, I really would like to get to know you better. You have my number."
I don't say a word; I just smile and kiss him on the lips. This kiss was gentle as I held his face in my hands and run the tip of my tongue around his lips, nudging them apart so I could slide my tongue in. I smiled at Brad one last time and got in the car and drove away.
Chapter 16.
After Natasha left Brad went back inside closing everything up before he went home. Going through each room he finally came to the room Natasha stayed in. He could smell the jasmine oil that she used and his cock tingled at the thought of the jasmine scented water sliding over her body. He was so lost in his thoughts that he almost didn't see what was left on the bed.
Brad walked over to the bed and there in the middle was a note and a G-string. The note said;
"I thought you might need a reminder of me until we can meet again. I had an amazing weekend and am looking forward to you returning my favorite G-string. Call John for my number. By the way, this is the G-string I was wearing the first night you saw me on the beach."
THE END