Abigail sat in silence, her heart still racing. Her arms and hands trembled. Her whole body seemed to be humming. She looked over at her husband, who was driving with a big grin on his face.
"Oh my god, that was sexy as hell," was all he could say.
She replied, "I can't believe I did that, I'm still trembling." She glanced back to check that both kids were still sleeping. Thank God they were.
Prior to leaving on their trip, they had numerous days of craziness which resulted in no sex. She had been so busy with laundry, and finishing up things for work, plus packing clothes and snacks and toys, she was exhausted when finally getting to bed. Last night, again they were in separate beds in the hotel, since their young daughter wanted to sleep with her.
After their last rest stop, she began thinking about this. At ages six and three, they were both great at sleeping on long car trips. And she knew she needed this now, especially before several days at her in-laws.
They had been driving for about 30 minutes and this was all she could think about. "I'm as bad as a guy," she thought to herself. Silly as it was, she was still embarrassed to begin with her husband right there. "What the hell," she finally thought. She undid the button on her jeans. The sound of the zipper caused Patrick to look over.
"Shhh. It has been way too long, I've been thinking about this all morning." He just grinned at her, clearly approving.
Several minutes passed without comment. While it felt amazing, she couldn't quite get there. She didn't want to waste possibly the only quiet hour of the day. She needed something to get this moving along. Then she started thinking about her latest fantasy, that of being seen. She had always enjoyed the little "accidental" showing here and there but to willingly show someone her breasts gave her a thrill at the thought. And masturbating in front of someone, holy fuck...
With her free hand she pushed her shirt up under her chin and was caressing the top of her breasts, glancing over at Patrick.
She moved the bra down exposing her nipples. She took one, while staring at her husband, pulled on it. She could see that he was enjoying the show.
Him watching was one thing, but she needed more. She wanted to show someone else. Let someone see her naked, especially doing something sexual.
She kept watching the mini van in front of them.
"Do you want to let the driver see?" He knew her well. She hesitated but slowly nodded.
With the cruise control on, Patrick had been following a van for some time. The stick figure decals indicated there were probably 5 in the family but just dad was in the vehicle now.
Too many thoughts raced into her mind.
"I don't know. I don't think I can."
Encouraging her, he said "Just close your eyes."
Abigail complied, leaning her head back and closing her eyes. Taking deep breaths and moving her fingers again. One thought she had was if she did go through with this, she would need to not be very vocal if she orgasmed Since having kids she had learned to be much quieter, today would be tricky.
After a minute, she could feel the car as Patrick moved into the left lane and slowly accelerated.
Abigail could feel the warm sun through the window and the cooler air from the AC on her breasts. She tingled all the more.
She tentatively opened her eyes to see how close they were. Realizing she was just seconds away from letting a stranger see her caused her to suddenly panic, pulling her shirt back down.
"I'm sorry. I really want to. I can't."
Patrick noticed that although she had lowered her shirt her hand was still in her pants. He remained optimistic and more than a little horny himself.
A thought suddenly came to him. Their daughter had been playing with a dress-up scarf earlier. He reached back and felt around eventually feeling the silky material.
"This may help if you double it up." She understood and folded the fabric and placed it around her head. With her eyes open she could just barely make out shapes.
She resumed her position. Head back against the headrest. Initially, she began to pull up her shirt but decided she would not be able to chicken out as easily if she removed it all together. She heard Patrick whisper, "yeah" as she pulled it off.
Now sitting there only in her lacy bra, pants undone, blindfolded. This gave her such a thrilling feeling. Sexy and vulnerable. Vulnerable was the thrill.
She again pulled the bra down, exposing her breasts... no she thought. Tits. When lust overcame her, nothing nice and proper would do. She wanted to show the world her tits while she played with her pussy. Played with her cunt.
She hesitated again. The bra was another safety net. Could she go all in?
Patrick was running his hands along the edge of the bra, just barely touching her skin. He whispered, "Why don't you take this off too?"
Was she really that easy to read? Without saying anything, she slipped it off as well.
Patrick reached over and she could feel his big hands on her tits. He gave, at first a gentle squeeze then more firm and determined.
He continued rubbing and gently tugging her nipple. All guys often are too nipple focused. But now being so turned on. She wanted it. She needed it to hurt, just a little. "Pinch it " As he did, a groan escaped her lips.
She settled in and focused on only her hand and pussy, trying to block out everything. Several minutes passed. She exhaled, not realizing she had been holding her breath.
The anxiousness had returned. Not knowing was hard. She wanted to know if they were passing a car, if someone could see her. She could feel their car accelerate some.
They were moving up near a black SUV. Patrick couldn't see any kids in the back but could see a man driving and a passenger, although he couldn't tell if it was male or female. He decided not to say anything.
The anticipation was mounting. She wanted to know. Her fingers continued their magic. That familiar feeling was beginning to grow.
Patrick moved the car up next to the Tahoe. Rarely does a male driver not look over, and he was no exception. He casually glanced into their car and eyes widened as he realized what he was seeing. A beautiful, topless blonde was forcefully masturbating. The man next to her pinching her gorgeous tits.
"He's watching you now."
"Oh God", she moaned. "Oh fuck, I can't believe I'm doing this." Her heart was hammering in her chest, and her legs were beginning to tremble.
"He sees you playing with your pussy. He's talking to a young man beside him".
"Oh fuck. Oh my God!" Here it comes.
She couldn't take it anymore, and felt the trembling begin. Her legs began shaking. She arched her back. "OH God. Oh Fuck me. Fuck me fuck me!" She was trying unsuccessfully to be quiet.
The driver obviously could see her orgasm. He was very much enjoying what he saw. As the waves of pleasure started to ease, Patrick began to speed up. The driver of the SUV gave a friendly tap to his horn.
It took her a full minute in complete bliss before she could reach up and pull off the blindfold.
Abigail sat in silence, her heart still racing. Her arms and hands trembled. Her whole body seemed to be humming. Patrick was grinning at her.
"Oh my god, that was sexy as hell, " was all he could say.
She replied, "I can't believe I did that, I'm still trembling." She glanced back to check that both kids were still sleeping. Thank God they were.