Excerpts from the Diary of Peggy Douglas
In which she comes to recognize her exhibitionist tendencies and becomes a nude model.
Eighteen year old, home schooled Peggy has been keeping a diary since she was 8. In previous excerpts she has become sexually active and noticed her sexual feelings when nude in front of others.
Nov 30
I saw Eva on campus today. I caught up to her to say hi and thank her for her help with losing my virginity to Ron and with the Houcks. I thought she was probably there to meet Ron but it turns out she was doing some nude modelling for an art class. I don't know what's with me but it sounded exciting and I asked her about it. She claimed it was pretty dull. Just standing there while the students drew or painted or sculpted. She said the hard part was holding the position, especially her arms. She did say it paid pretty well for doing almost nothing.
I thought maybe I'd like to try it and since I had some free time asked if I could tag along and watch. She told me it would be up to the instructor. We talked on the way over to the art building and she said she did a lot of modelling for artists not just at the school. I asked if the private modelling involved sex and she, hesitantly, said no. That seemed almost disappointing to me, diary, but her hesitation made me question her honesty on the subject.
I told her how I had enjoyed stripping in front of Earl and said that stripping sounded exciting and then asked about her experiences at the strip club amateur nights. She admitted to being an exhibitionist and seemed to feel a lot like I did about being naked in front of guys, she said, "women too." I'm not sure I care that much about being naked in front of girls. I asked her about sex at the strip clubs and she said they don't allow it but that she could pick up guys there. She said she never did and recommended against it, "You never know about the guys at the strip clubs.
When she introduced me to the instructor he said that if I was interested in modelling for his classes I could watch. But you know what? He called me a "classic beauty." He was very complimentary and said he'd love to have me pose for some classic sculpting he was going to have in two weeks. He said that he'd be doing some modern figure interpretation later and that he'd been looking for a model with "classic curves". It was all very flattering. He did ask if I'd be willing to show him my body and I did. He didn't touch or anything but just looked. He was very, I meanVERY, complimentary. Said it would be wonderful if I'd agree and gave me a release form to return. He wanted them back pretty quickly so he could get someone else if I declined.
Watching Eva model did look pretty boring, except for the part that there were over a dozen students looking diligently at her nude body while she stood there with a sheet draped over her arms. I fantasized about being there myself. Why does this stuff seems so exciting to me? She said she has to come back for two more sessions to allow the students time to complete their paintings. She said that private artists or groups would usually have her for one long session, with breaks.
The release was three documents. the one I needed to sign had a lot of stuff about the school having the right to display "representations" of me and how I'd have the ability to decide whether students could retain their individual creations after the school year. I had to say that I had read and understood the student release form that was another of the documents. It talked about what the students could do with their art work and gave the model some control. It also said the students could not fraternize with the models for at least 6 months after the end of the class. The third document was some general rules for the art department. My document said I had read, understood and agreed to comply with them.
Dec 1
I've been reluctant to tell mom about my fascination with being nude in front of guys, but I decided I had to get her advice on this modelling thing and the release form. I was sure she'd discourage the idea and she did.
I thanked her for her opinion and told her I might decide to do it anyway so she looked at the release. She said it looked okay and pointed out the ways in which graphic portrayals of genitals were discouraged and the rights it gave me to object to any depictions I didn't like. She told me I had the right to look at every picture and insisted that I look at them all and tell the instructor about my objections. And, of course, she took every opportunity to tell me I shouldn't do it.
Dec 2
I took the signed release to the art instructor and he told me he had a class in two weeks that he'd like me to model for. He said I'd be completely nude and wanted to be sure I'd be okay with that. There will be three sessions for the students to finish their work. I'm eager to do it.
Dec 15
Tomorrow is my nude modelling. I've got tingles all over thinking about it. I haven't told mom, only that I'm studying late at school tomorrow.
Dec 16
I've felt like giggling all evening. The nude modelling was a real turn on. There were three other girls there, all older than me and I had to stand in the middle and they knelt around me. It was supposed to be like a goddess (me, as a goddess, isn't that a laugh) and her handmaids. It wasn't easy standing real still and it was a little chilly but I got a break every few minutes. I was supposed to just stare into space but I couldn't help looking around. There were about a dozen art students. One was a guy I've seen in my world history class.
Afterward the instructor asked if I could come to some evening sessions. I guess he has short sessions with just a few students to go over what they are doing and he likes to have one of the models at each session. Anyway I'll be doing that next week. Oh. I looked at some of the work. I look really good in all of them and none of them are at all explicit, though a couple show my pubic hair.
And the instructor called me a "classic beauty" again. Isn't that a kick?
Dec 19
Oh my, diary! There were only three students at the special session one guy and two girls. It wasn't like the class at all. It was in a small conference room and I was on the table. I got undressed and then did poses on the table. The instructor pointed out parts of my body and the students sketched them in detail. They were so close and I could see exactly what they were drawing.
Like their sketch pads filled most of the page with my breast, showing every bump of my aureoles and the little dimple in my nipple. They did my ear and my lips and my hand and my toes and my elbow and even my genitals, hair and protruding labia and clitoris. I was so turned on that it was a shiny ball peeking out.
I thought maybe those violated the part of the contract about graphic portrayal of genitals and asked the instructor about it. He pointed out that the contract allowed it if it showed only the genitals and not anything that. might be used to identify the model. "If models have genital tattoos or piercings the artists can't show them. He noted a part that allowed the identifying "portrayal" if the model gave her explicit permission, "The artist has to ask you first." He also reminded me that I have the right to reject any portrayal of anything and asked whether I had minded them being so intimate. I was honest, telling him I loved it.
Dec 22
Christmas break and plenty of time to think.
This nude modelling is both exciting and very boring but being naked in front of the student artists really has me thinking about stripping.
I imagine the guys at a strip club to be much more sexually excited than the artists. Why is that so much more attractive to me?
I called that girl Sarah today. The one that's a stripper that I called about Ron (that seems so long ago). Anyway, she suggested I come to the strip club to see what the dancers do. I gotta admit, I'm curious, but don't know about doing that. She told me she'd meet me outside the club.
Dec 27
What an afternoon! I went to the strip club. It's a pretty seedy looking place, inside and out. The nicest thing about the whole place is that huge lavender "Nude Girls" sign with letters you can see for a mile from the freeway. Parking lot is dirt. Building is wood siding that looks like it's needed a paint job for a couple of decades. The inside is dark, except for the lighted stage with two metal poles, so it's hard to see but I had the impression of worn upholstery and carpet.
Sarah met me inside the door and right away took me to another door and up some stairs so I didn't get a close look at the interior. We went to a large room that looked very nice when she turned on the lights. She dimmed the lights and one side of the room was a window looking down at the stage. She told me I could get a good view of the dancers and customers from there and "wouldn't be disturbed." I sat in one of the plush and comfortable swivel chairs near the window and watched as she went down.
The sign said "nude" and it was right. The girls danced on the stage to music, usually seeming pretty bored but some really had a workout, spinning on the poles and smiling at the customers. They wore bikini type outfits, some being just underwear and danced two dances each time they got on stage. They would usually get topless sometime in the first dance and then drop their bottoms in the second dance. They would flash their genitals at the guys sitting around the stage, sometimes getting so close that I bet the guys could smell them. One dancer actually seemed to rub her crotch in a guy's face!
Speaking of the guys. There looked to be about a dozen in the building. Three of them sat right at the edge of the stage and would put money on the stage for the dancers who would usually respond by showing them their body more closely. I couldn't tell whether the bills were 1's, 5's, 20's, or different amounts. I guess that made a difference as to whether the dancer might rub her breasts in the guys face (once a dancer pulled a guy's hands to squeeze her big breasts after he threw a bill on stage) and it must have been a big bill that guy threw out to get her crotch in his face.
The girls would walk around the place and stop to sit and talk with the guys. Sometimes they would get up and go somewhere under where I was sitting. When I left, I asked Sarah about that and she said they had private rooms where the girls would get topless or naked and dance for the guys. She said "lap dances" which involved sitting on the guy's lap and rubbing against his penis and sometimes more. I experienced some of the "more" myself, although at the time I assumed it was a special case.
About that - If mom ever hears about this she'll ban me from the strip club for life! Not that she'd ever approve of me being there.
Sarah said I "wouldn't be disturbed." Well, she was wrong, and how!
While I was sitting there, suddenly the lights were brightened and some overweight guy with a skinny dancer was standing in the doorway. He says, gruffly, "Who are you and what are you doing here?"
I was scared and could only say that Sarah had told me it would be okay. Then guy said he didn't know any Sarah and went to a phone on the wall. He says, "Tell Carl to come up here, we have a problem." The skinny dancer just stood there looking at me.
Then this dumpy looking guy comes up, "What's the problem," he says. and the big guy points at me.
I was scared and ready to cry.
The dumpy looking guy repeats what the big guy asked, "What are you doing here?" and I manage to sob out that Sarah said it would be okay and the big guy says, again, "Who is this Sarah?"
The dumpy guy gets on the phone and says, "Tell Astrid to come up here, immediately. Get her out of the VIP if necessary."
He sees I'm starting to cry and is kind of nice, telling me I'm not in trouble. But the big guy mumbles something about someone ought to be and the dumpy guy says he's sure he can do something to make up for it. He nods to the skinny girl who takes the big guy to a couch and pulls out his penis. Honestly diary, that's what she did, just unbuckles him, unzips him and pulls out his penis and starts rubbing and sucking on it.
And she looks over at me and makes some head gestures. I know what she means and understand. I'm reluctant but guess at her reasoning. I go over and she lets me start stroking and sucking at his penis. It's hard as a rock. Harder than Ron's gets. It's so thick it barely fits in my mouth. He pulls my head close to get as much of it in as he can. It's maybe seven inches long and almost caused me to vomit.
The guy smiles at me and sort of nods at the dumpy guy. The dumpy guy makes some gestures to the skinny girl. The implication is clear and she gets up on this platform in front of the couch and uses some light switches at the side to brightly light the little stage. She begins dancing and takes off her bra. The guy reaches inside my blouse and bra and feels me up. I decide it's best not to object.
The guy growls at the dancer, "Windy, sweetie, let me have a feel."
She comes down and lets him massage her breasts. I keep sucking at his penis and Sarah comes in.
Sarah talks a little bit with the dumpy guy and then comes over to tell me to get up. She leads me to the dumpy guy. The skinny girl takes over the big guy's penis. Then this older woman who looks a lot like Sarah comes in. The dumpy guy calls her "Valkyrie" but I can tell she's Sarah's mom.
It turns out the dumpy guy is the owner and manager of the place and the big guy is a police captain on the vice squad and he gets to use the room to get private shows with the girls as kind of a payment to not be too fussy about what goes on in the place. Apparently Sarah's mom (who dances under the name "Valkyrie") arranged for Sarah (who dances under the name "Astrid") to let me use the room. What they didn't do is clear the time when I would be there and so "Captain" came up while I was there. There was no doubt "Captain" had priority and he was willing to forgive everything but wanted a second dancer besides "Windy" (the skinny girl) to make up for it.
Both "Valkyrie" and "Astrid" were acceptable but he kept staring at me in a way that made it clear he really wanted me. I said I'd do it, but Sarah's mom held up her palm to "Captain" and took me aside.
She asked me if I knew what I was agreeing to. I said, "sure he wants me to dance naked for him."
I was thinking the idea was exciting. But she corrected me and said that was only part of it. He expected whoever stayed to let him fuck her. I was shocked but realized I shouldn't have been. After all I'd already been sucking on his penis. Diary, I'm ashamed to say, shocked or not, the idea sent a thrill through my body. A sort of chilling and scary thrill, but still a clearly sexually exciting thrill.
Sitting here after and writing to you, I'm surprised that I agreed to do it. But I remember that feeling and the continuing similar feeling I had while I did what Captain demanded of me. It was new, and exciting, and scary, and exhilarating. I feel the thrill in my genitals even now as I write.
I was thinking I'd just tell you I danced and undressed, and, yes let Captain fuck me. But the whole thing was so bizarre and surreal. There I was with this guy I'd never seen before and barely knew and this skinny girl I'd also never seen before and didn't know. I didn't even know his, or her, real names. Anyway Captain told us to undress him and we did, he was so hairy. Back, front, legs, arms. hair everywhere, except his hard, thick penis that stuck seven or eight inches inches out from a mass of hair at his crotch. Then he told Windy to play some music for me. He told me to get on the stage and strip. I did, the music was a bit fast for me but I did my best.
While I slowly took off my clothes while making swings around the pole he pulled down Windy's panties and then picked her up, seemingly by the breasts, and put her on his lap. He did some adjusting and I watched his penis disappear into the fleshy labia between her spread legs. I don't know why, diary, but that was really erotic. He was stroking Windy's breasts and clit, rotating her so she was sideways on the couch and I felt like his hands were touching me. I took off everything except my panties, feeling like I was the exact opposite of Windy, she so skinny and me chubby, if not fat.
Captain says, "You are a fleshy one. Sometimes I like 'em thin (he gave Windy a kiss) but a little bit of flesh is nice too. Come here. What's your name?"
There you have it, diary, here I was down to my panties with a guy I knew only as a police captain and he didn't know my name. I realized that none of the strippers used their real names so I made one up. I wanted something flowery, and that made me think of a garden and I said, "Gardenia".
"Gardenia," he says, "that's a mouthful." Well, I decided that it maybe could be shorter and blurted out "Deenie for short,"
"Deenie," he says, "like Teenie. Except Windy is the teenie one, you're more the voluptuous one. So, Deenie, let's see that cunt."
He lifted Windy off his lap, his penis looking three inches thick to me. He reaches over and pulls my panties to my knees and comments, "Oh, natural bush, don't see that much around her. What do you think Windy?"
I suspect that was rhetorical but Windy says, "No you don't." That's the first she's made a sound and she has this high pitched nasal voice with a southern sound.
He starts running his fingers through my pubic hair and pushing one into my slit and against my clitoris. All this time I had been getting more and more excited, so as soon as he touches my clitoris I jerk and gasp. "Oh, ready are you?" he says and starts massaging the clitoris and driving fingers inside me. I know I was squirming and writhing in orgasm as he did it and I was probably squealing loudly too. Anyway he's saying "go girl go!" and "let it out" and other stuff until I calm down.
Then he says, "You girls ready to fuck? Who's first?"
I remember him sitting there with Windy sitting on his penis and I say, "you've already fucked Windy."
He replies, "I gather from that you think it's your turn." while he says that he stands and pushes me back onto the couch. "That wasn't fucking," he says and turns to Windy, "What would you say it was?"
She says "relaxing."
Meanwhile he's jammed his fat cock up my vagina saying, "right, this is fucking!" and starts flailing away into me. He has me on my back and really fills me up. His testicles slapping my rear on each stroke.
He tells Windy to sit on my face and asks, "What does she taste like?" Well, I start lapping at her genitals. She has a salty with kind of fishy flavor and I tell him that. He says, "Finger fuck her, Deenie!"
It takes me a few seconds to remember that "Deenie" is me and I push a couple of finger inside her all the way to her cervix, hard cone with a slight dimple in the middle. I continue to lick at her clitoris.
You know what? She just sits there. It's like her sex parts are numb or that she just doesn't care. Then he has us change positions and I watch his thick cock driving into her. It looks so big that it shouldn't fit inside the skinny body but she takes it without complaint while she licks away at me, her fingers wiggling inside me. I explode with another orgasm while Captain smiles and laughs at my pleasure. It's hard to tell whether he's mocking or enjoying seeing me enjoy it.
He does us each doggy style while we lick and finger each other again. It's fascinating to watch his thick penis thrusting into Windy's vagina and then watch it pull out. Her labia and even some of her vaginal wall come out with it. I'm amazed that she takes the whole thing so stoically. When he does me he has this ability to drive his testicles hard against my clitoris. I have another orgasm because of the stimulation and he laughs and laughs while continuing to drive into me.
Then he has me sitting on him, bouncing up and down while he licks her out, then she's on top of the fat penis and he's licking me to another orgasm. Windy barely smiles and shows little emotion. He tells her to get off and go back to dancing. She disappears downstairs and I'm alone with him. He becomes gentle, stroking my body and kissing me everywhere. Then he lays me gently on my back and pulls my legs together, my knees to my breasts and I feel his penis begin to slowly entering my vagina. It fills me and he slowly pulls all the way out. Then slowly all the way in. Slowly in and out over and over. I feel his body tighten as he grunts and drives hard into me. A few more grunts and he's done.
He releases me, stands, pulls off the condom and dribbles the content over my stomach. He disappears into the men's room while I lay naked on the couch, letting my legs relax by spreading them apart. The coolness of the air feels good. He comes out and as he dresses he asks why I was there and whether I'd be dancing there soon. When I tell him I'm thinking of competing for amateur night he asks when. I Tell him next month. He says maybe he'll come help me win. I say I don't want to cheat. He says, "no cheating., just helping" He puts on his suit jacket, shoveshis fingers up my vagina one last time and disappears down the stairs, licking his fingers and saying, "You're one great little fuck. We'll need to do it again sometime. Carl may be in touch."
That's it. except that I sit in the nude and watch a few more dancers on the stage below. Then Sarah comes in and we talk about my time with The Captain, what it's like to work as a stripper, and what do do for amateur night. Then I dress and leave.
Amateur night is once a month. The next is at the end of January. She suggested I should talk to Eva about it because she frequently participates in amateur nights, "and always wins". I don't doubt she wins, she's so beautiful.
Dec 28
I called Eva about helping me with amateur night.
She told me said I should be myself and asked about what I had done for Earl. I told her about my simple, print dress and see through panties and no bra. She said I should just add a sexy bra. She liked the idea of dancing to ballet music like I had done for Earl, "It will set you apart and if you were good at your ballet classes it will fit you well. A lot of guys fantasize about nude ballet."
Eva said she'd be on campus when school resumed for photo modelling and suggested we meet then to talk in more detail.
So I'm gonna do it, Diary. I tingle thinking about it. It's almost like having an orgasm.
Jan 3
I met Eva and went with her to the photo class. It wasn't nude and wasn't really a class, just an opportunity for photography students to get some posed pictures. The instructor told me that most students would get girlfriends or others they knew pose for their shots but some preferred this. Since I had signed the release he asked if I'd like to participate. I did and Eva and I posed together.
I looked at some of the shots after and wasn't that pleased. Short, chubby, round faced, dull brown haired me was a big contrast to svelte, shapely, beautiful, redheaded Eva.
Anyway, we changed clothes pretty much in the open. Didn't get nude, kept on our panties and bras. The instructor said we could change in the restroom but Eva did it in right there in front of the class so I did too. A real turn-on! I was surprised they had clothes that fit me, but some did. The instructor said we were just using costumes from the drama department and that's why there was such a selection of styles and sizes.
AND! Eva said she had a actual nude photo-shoot next week. She said her twin brothers are coming and asked if I wanted to come. I jumped at the offer. Am I getting too naughty? She said they want to do some porn shots and asked if it would be okay for me to "do it" with her brothers. By "do it" she meant pose holding penises and with penises up my vagina and stuff like that. She told me I could sit out that part or only participate the amount I want, like holding penises but no penetration. But the guys would be posing with me. It sounds so naughty and exciting. I expressed surprise that the school would allow things like that and she told me it wasn't for the school but a real professional modelling job.
I reminded her how she said the modelling didn't involve sex and said that penises up vaginas sounded a lot like sex. I pressed her and it turns out that the guys sometimes want sex as part of the modelling but claimed it wasn't necessary and that I could decline any porn modelling that involved genital contact..
Jan 5
Eva said I had to go to her agent to be approved for the photo-shoot. Her name is Jennifer Mejia, but she likes to be called just "Mejia". Well, it turns out I had to sign a contract for her to be my "exclusive agent". She also wanted a "portfolio" of pictures of me . I went through the files of pictures from the school and selected a couple of dozen. I included some nude ones too. Mejia said that would be necessary if I wanted nude work. I had to check what kind of modelling I would do and checked almost all, even "fashion". Mejia said they sometimes want "more natural" looking girls and I'd be perfect. I had to ask about "semi-nude", "nude", "soft porn" and "hard porn". She said "semi-nude" was breasts only, "nude" was fully naked, "soft porn" was explicit genital shots and close-ups as well as pictures with naked guys, "hard porn" was actual genital penetration. Doesn't it all sound so exciting? But dirty too. Maybe that's what makes it so exciting. I checked everything but "bondage" and "S&M".
Jan 9
I got e-mail from Mejia saying I had the photo-shoot with Eva! Guess what, they pay $100 an hour. Mejia gets 10%, but still! $360 for 4 hours of doing almost nothing!
Jan 13
Eva and her brothers picked me up for the nude photo shoot. Her brothers try hard to be funny. Because they're identical they make a lot of jokes about who is who. And their penises are tattooed: one has a snake and the other has a fish with tentacles surrounding it. His testicles are made to look like an octopus head. Isn't that a kick!
The shoot was with this group of four guys. They had this expensive looking high rise apartment (Eva claimed they rented it just for the shoot). They had tons of equipment set up. It was hard to get around, there was photography equipment and lights everywhere along with the tables and chairs and couches they would use for us to pose on. We had to sign "releases" that said the photographers owned the pictures and that we were over 18 and that I agreed to let them use the pictures however they wanted. I was a little nervous about it since it wasn't like the college form where I had some right to reject uses. They said it meant they could put them on the internet and that worried me but I signed it. It did have a place where I said what name would have to be used if the pictures were published. Eva said to use a pseudonym so I could deny they were of me if someone saw them. She put down something like "Brenda Flame". I thought a little and put down "Plush Velvet" because I thought it sounds soft and was so obviously phony. Eva said I should use the same name if I do it any more.
The session wasn't as easy as I thought. I had to hold still on various poses, some of them quite uncomfortable. I was exited to get naked but then it got boring pretty quick. They wanted all kinds of awkward poses. The actual pictures looked nice and not awkward at all but holding my body so my genitals are easily visible isn't easy.
The stuff with Eva's brothers was fun. They held me in all kinds of positions and I had to hold their penises and keep them in my mouth and then they would put them in me in lots of positions and have to hold them there. It was easier than posing alone because the guys did most of the holding.I could lean against them to keep in place. Besides, I love having a penis inside me! They also did a lot of poses with both me and Eva and all four of us. I got to taste Eva's "pussy". It was really salty with a more sourish flavor than Windy and the same sort of fishy taste.
For the last half hour they did videos which meant the brothers actually fucked us without just posing. I loved that part, and the photographers told me to be more "energetic" which meant I was to act as if I was on the verge of orgasm all the time. Then I was supposed to "fake" one. I'm not sure they realized that there were a couple of times I didn't need to fake it. The only difficult part was that I couldn't hug them close to me or anything because the photographers wanted to be able to clearly see their penis going in and out.
The guys could occasionally hold and squeeze my breasts when we did it doggy style and when I was sitting on them facing away from them. I liked that a lot and that's when I had the actual orgasms.
At the end they masturbated into my face like they do in the porn videos a lot. That was kind of unpleasant. Eva's brothers ejaculated with a lot of semen and it shot out a couple of feet. My face was covered and a lot went into my mouth too. Their semen didn't smell even as good as Ron's.
There was a shower in the bathroom and Eva loaned me her towel after she used it, telling me I should always bring a towel with me to sessions. I mentioned "The Hitchhikers Guide" but Eva didn't get the reference though her brothers did.
Afterwards two of the photographers approached Eva and me (one approached each of use). The guy asked me if I'd stay around for an hour of "overtime". He offered $500 and nervously said he and his friend wanted to take porn pictures of themselves with us. I thought it sounded fishy but Eva told me she did it all the time. Said it was a good way to make extra money and bargained the guys to $800 each for the hour.
Eva's brothers stayed around to take us home, and I think to make sure the guys didn't try anything untoward. As if fucking wasn't "untoward". Besides fucking they did some closeup videos and photos while I or they spread my vulva wide. One even had a speculum for "internal shots" that showed my cervix.
That wasn't near as much fun as with Eva's brothers. The guys weren't gentle and were definitely just after their own pleasure. And they wanted to "bareback" which they said was without a condom and they wanted a "cream-pie" which they said was to ejaculate (they called it "coming") inside my vagina. I refused even though they offered $500 more. I don't want a disease and told them they shouldn't want one either. Eva refused an offer of $1000 to do it. But. you know what, Eva had this hand lotion she kept in the bag she brought with her. When squeezed inside, it comes out a lot like semen. We each took $250 to do that for them. Eva clams it's harmless but I douched when I got home.
And I got the guy to give me an extra $500 to let him "come" on my face. Which mean he masturbated to orgasm and let his semen drop onto my face. his "ejaculation" was more like a dribble rather than any sort of squirt. It was thick and sticky with the usual odor and required another trip to the shower.
On the way home, I told Eva it just seemed a lot like prostitution. She claimed it was just porn modelling but I'm not really convinced.
Jan 14
Yesterday's photo-shoot was exciting and mostly enjoyable. In a way I experienced my fantasy of having sex while others are watching, but I'm
feeling kind of dirty about the final hour. If I take any more photo-shoots I'm not going to do any "overtime" even for thousands of dollars.
Jan 16
Sarah was nice enough to volunteer to help me with my amateur night routine. I spent two hours with her at the club in the upstairs room. This time she made sure the manager hadn't booked it for someone else. Her mother came in too. We picked music. Since what little dance training I had was ballet and Swan Lake was the main source of much of the training and the ballet we used for the class finale, I wanted that. We decided on the Mazurka. It's lively, just the right length (4 minutes), has this nice fanfare at the beginning and then a pause near the middle with a slow section and then a lively end. I practiced a bit in my underwear. The fanfare is short and I thought I'd just pose during it but we decided I'd remove my bra during it and dance topless until the pause. Then remove my panties in the slow section and dance nude for the remainder. I tried a bunch of different movements trying to be sexy and I'll have to make some decisions about exactly what to do over the next week. I'm feeling good about it.
The top two of the dancers have to do a second dance to determine the winner. Sarah and her mom suggested I have another piece of music for that. I decided on the Waltz from Swan Lake. Remember I tried it with Earl when Ron took me to his house. It's too long but I'll use the first two minutes for the topless dance and the last two minutes for the nude dance. I practiced a bunch of spins for the ending. even using the pole. I'm much more comfortable with that than the Mazurka.
Jan 19
Eva helped me pick an outfit for the amateur night. We went to two places. One was a sex shop full of porn videos and sex toys. I couldn't help checking them out and bought a vibrator to try. It looks like a Penis but is larger than Ron's :-). They had a bunch of sexy outfits and skimpy underwear.
The other was a dance store. We decided on a white leotard from the dance store. They had lots of sizes and they are very flexible. We selected one that fits really tight to my body. My aureoles and pubic hair show slightly trough the light colored fabric and the crotch rides into my slit. Eva called it sexy and a "cameltoe". I can easily slip my arms out of the straps to expose my breasts for topless dancing. It takes a bit of wriggling around to get the bottom over my hips and drop it to the floor but Eva said doing the movements to the music would be especially sexy.
Jan 23
Amateur night tomorrow! Sarah got me in the upstairs room again for a run through of my dances. A couple of the other dancers watched and they said it was really good. Much better than any of the other amateurs would likely use.
One other thing. I had to pick a stage name. I sure didn't like that "Deenie" thing I picked at the spur of the moment for the Captain, and Eva recommended against using "Velvet" like I use for modelling. Anyway I decided on "Odette", the name of the swan princess. Sarah and her mom said none of the guys would know about the origin but that it was a good and "unique" name.