Following story employs two characters of my story series "Unexpected Benefits of Car Pooling" i.e. Sanjeev (Master) and Veena (slave). However, this may be read as a standalone story and you don't need to read the story series.
To make reading easier, brief of the characters, is being provided as follows:
Sanjeev: He is a 40-year old senior partner in a legal firm. His family lives in Delhi and he is based out of Mumbai (800 miles apart). In Mumbai, Usha and Veena have become his live-in slaves.
Usha: Employed at the Middle office of a Bank, Usha is a 22-year old plump girl of 172 cms and 68 kgs. She is not a typical submissive. But as she planned to steal from her erstwhile step-mother Veena, she submitted to Sanjeev, as per her scheme. Plan backfired and she agreed to become a full-time slave of Sanjeev.
Veena: Veena is a 36-year old naturally submissive woman and immediately became an unconditional slave of Sanjeev. Sanjeev saved her from Usha's trap. Veena is 154 cms and 44 kg. She is very pretty with large boobs.
All of them live in two apartments of a Mumbai building. They also have a large farmhouse at the outskirts of Mumbai and keep visiting there for outdoor fun.
********
Wednesdays at work are sometimes a bit easier than other work days. So Sanjeev decided to have some outdoor fun with his petite slave Veena.
Before starting from office, he called Veena and asked her to meet at a single screen movie theater, which was a 20-minutes drive from their home.
Sanjeev had chosen a single screen theater because such theaters are almost unoccupied on weekdays, giving privacy in a busy city like Mumbai. Also, such theaters aren't part of a shopping complex/mall, thus fewer people hang around. Hence, chances of meeting with an acquaintance, were slim.
Sanjeev instructed Veena to wear a sheer knee length floral slip (midi) with a woman's waistcoat over it and panties underneath. He also asked her to ensure that she would reach theater before him.
To not upset her Master, Veena dressed immediately. As instructed, she wore a knee length slip, which was made of a sheer fabric. She knew that even slight air may take its hem up, displaying her thighs and sometimes, even her panties.
The fabric was so sheer that as she saw herself in the mirror, her nipples were poking out, leaving no doubt that she wasn't wearing bra. She thanked her Master for allowing her to wear a waistcoat, which concealed her bosom. But it reached only up to waist and provided no respite from hem going up.
She took a taxi to theater and reached there in time. While reaching before Master was good, she sensed that few men were openly ogling at her. As she was scantly dressed roaming around in a shady theater, without a company, most people thought of her to be a hooker.
Sanjeev parked the car in theater's parking and found Veena waiting in a corner of the entrance hall. She looked radiant in that beautiful pink dress, though buttons of her waistcoat were stretching to keep her bosom in place.
Sanjeev didn't go close to her. Rather, he entered into the movie hall. Veena followed him into the dark theater, where movie had already started.
As less than 10% seats were occupied, Sanjeev chose seats in a secluded corner and sat there. Other viewers could see them only if they turned around. As hall was quite dark, risks were low, but being in a public place was enough to keep the slut on edge.
Veena sat on the edge of adjoining seat and vulnerability in her actions was clear. Her knees were glued to each other and she was fidgeting. Sanjeev ordered her to take panties off and keep them in her hand-bag.
As denial was not an option with Master, Veena raised her hem and bent forward. She then held waist band of her panties with both hands and slowly pulled it to thighs. As her bare ass touched seat, she looked at Sanjeev with anticipation and said, "Please, Master."
Sanjeev told her in a strong voice, "You don't have to worry about getting fucked today, my slut. You just take your panties out and deposit them into the bag, if you don't want to be spanked in front of all these people."
Hearing that, she immediately removed her panties. She was trembling as she put her panties in bag and kept looking downwards. Sanjeev ordered her, "Bitch Veena, keep your knees apart and cunt displayed for me. Take your left hand to your leaky cunt and fuck your soaking hole, with your own petite fingers."
She lifted the hem of her dress and stuck it inside of the coat. She then inserted her trembling fingers into her cunt and looked at her Master with pleading eyes. Sensing that Sanjeev was unmoved, she started finger-fucking herself like a whore, in a theater, with tens of men sitting around.
As she became horny, she started panting loudly. That's when Sanjeev held her wrist tightly and pulled away her hand from cunt. She cried and pleaded pathetically for permission to continue finger-fucking herself.
"No slut, you aren't yet allowed to cum. And look at yourself, you are dying to cum in a public place, in presence of so many people. Aren't you a slut?" Sanjeev demeaned her and she lowered her eyes without replying. Sanjeev barked, "Tell me, bitch, aren't you a pathetic slut, who only cares about her cunt?"
She was perturbed by his tone, but recovered to answer, "Master, I'm your slave-slut. I exist for your entertainment only and love to fuck myself for you."
Sanjeev replied in a calm and assured voice, "Well, that's right. So, you must go down on the floor on your four and start crawling over aisle."
As she was aghast due to fear of being caught, she didn't move for a few seconds. Showing restlessness, Sanjeev ordered again, "Remove your coat right now and crawl on the floor. 80 dog steps."
Knowing that her Master doesn't like no for an answer, she immediately fell on her knees and removed her coat. As a result hem of her dress fell on her thighs. She kept coat near her bag and went on her four.
Veena was now only in a her midi, with nothing underneath. Fabric of her dress was so sheer that her nipples were practically popping out.
As she turned around to crawl like a doggie, Sanjeev held her butt and ran his index finger from her ass-hole to cunt, which was dripping wet. He played with her cunt for a minute and bitch started panting with raw desire. Then, Sanjeev spanked her lightly to shoo her away for crawling.
Veena was very vulnerable. Till now she had always been used like a bitch within the safety of walls or at a secluded place. Here, crawling like a dog in a movie theater was different. However, she couldn't deny that her cunt was soaking wet and was loving every second of this public humiliation.
As Veena didn't want to be seen by anybody, she kept her head low while crawling up and down on the aisle. As a result, she resembled a dog, more than usual. After crawling 10 dog-steps, she turned to crawl back.
After she reached at her Master's feet, her mind had already reached into deep sub-zone and she licked Master's shoes without any hesitation. She uttered, "Master, I'm your dirty fucking slave, please fuck my soaking cunt without mercy."
While her pleas were genuine, Sanjeev was in no mood to grant. He held her face tightly with one hand and slapped gently before telling, "Go, crawl whore."
With sadness, she crawled away. As she finished 60 dog-steps and licked Sanjeev's shoes again, he pulled her midi out over her head, leaving her completely nude. She shivered and was highly vulnerable.
Fondling Veena's large boobs and slapping them with his cupped hands, Sanjeev told her, "Go, bitch, finish your final lap of crawling."
This time, Veena was very afraid so she crawled very slowly. She kept her mouth close to floor and tried to keep her ass as low as she could.
When she came back to her Master's feet, she was sobbing and kept her head on her Master's feet. Sanjeev left her to calm for some time and then picked her gently, running hands over her face and breasts, with authority.
Veena hugged Sanjeev's knees tightly. He cajoled her and said, "You did well, my pet. Your Master is proud of you." As Veena's face brightened up, he took her on his lap, with her ass up. Her boobs were on Sanjeev's thigh.
For a minute, Sanjeev played with her body as he pleased. After all, he was the owner of the object that was lying on his lap and he could do whatever he wanted, with it. He also kept slut's knees apart for unhindered acess.
Then, assuming a hard tone, Sanjeev told Veena, "Here, I'm trying to give you the best pleasures of life and you are trying to play modesty games with me." He held her hair tightly to incite bearable pain and spanked her ass hard.
Sanjeev started spanking her hard after that. He said, "I have told you many times (smack) that you are just a fucking bitch (smack). Your only purpose is to do what I ask you (smack). Is that clear (Smack)?" He pinched Veena's nipples for a few seconds after that, as she winced. It followed by a few smacks.
Sanjeev continued, "Slut, I know you have got a leaking cunt (smack). You are such a horny bitch that you won't mind fucking even a bamboo (smack). So never try to act smart with me. You are nothing but just a hole, whore (Smack, smack, smack, smack)."
She cried pathetically and then said between her sobs, "Master, I'm sorry. Please, forgive me. I'll go and crawl again, without wearing anything. I'm your dog, Master, use me please." And as she was very horny, she couldn't help from adding, "Master, please fuck me." At that, Sanjeev dropped her to floor.
"Oh you want to get fucked? Don't you, fucking bitch? That's all you think about, all the time? Don't you, slut?" Sanjeev demeaned her further (slaps on the face) and added, "You will be fucked here. But not by me, but by a stranger."
Veena was shocked to hear that and looked up at her Master. She pleaded, "Please Master. Don't make me fuck others, Master. Please, I want to be fucked by you only, Master. Please." She started crying.
Sanjeev chuckled and thought for a minute. Then he told his desperate slut, "I know your broadened fuck-hole needs a large cock so you want to get fucked only by your Master. But blow-job has never harmed anybody. Walk to that guy, sitting alone there and give him a good blow-job."
As Veena kept pleading, her Master added, "Don't come back to me saying, he doesn't want his cock to be sucked by your filthy mouth. If you won't be able to convince him to suck his cock, I'll send you to someone else. But you will have to suck a cock today."
Kneeling on the floor, Veena looked at her Master and said, "Master, though I know, I'm just an animal and I must go around naked to suck cocks. But Master, as I'm your slave and my sluttiness shouldn't get you into any trouble, your filthy whore pleads you to allow her to wear a dress. I'll still offer my holes to him to play."
Sanjeev smiled and said, "See, it wasn't so difficult to understand this simple thing. Now you know, how to talk to your Master." Then he gave her the midi.
Veena got up and walked to that person. She hesitated for a minute and looked back at Sanjeev, hoping he might call her back. But as he didn't respond, she slowly sat next to that person.
It was only then, she noticed that it was just a boy of not more than 20. Her stomach churned at the prospect of sucking cock of an unclean boy, who was almost half her age. She might never know his name also. But she had to follow her Master's order, so she raised her dress to bare her thighs for the boy.
Veena could sense that the boy had stopped watching the movie and was focusing on her now. While she felt vulnerable, she also felt excited as she was making a 20 year old hot.
She could also see the bulge in the boy's pant. Enthused by the effect she was having on the boy, she took her fingers to her cunt and started fingering herself. She then looked in the eyes of the boy and bit her lower lip.
To get the boy hornier, Veena started mauling her own boobs for the boy to watch and asked in a seductive voice, "Do you want to play with my boobs?" Horny boy didn't need more invitation, as he immediately brought his hands to Veena's large balls covered in dress and started fondling them passionately.
Veena also held his cock over trouser and whispered, "If you want, I can suck your cock, please." While the boy was not sure of his luck till now, after this offer, he became more vocal.
He opened his trouser and lowered it before asking Veena, "Yes, kneel in front of me and suck my cock." While Veena was hesitant to take his smelly cock in her mouth, but she had no other option. Hence, she lowered herself to the floor.
As such a beautiful woman knelt between his legs, confidence of the boy grew further. He held Veena's hair and said, "You don't look like a typical whore. You are doing it for fun, aren't you?"
With that he pushed her head to his cock so that she had no option but to start sucking.
His cock was sweaty and pubic area hairy. She was disgusted by the smell, but still kept her lips at the top of his cock because she only knew following her Master's instructions. She started sucking the boy's cock. But, he was impatient and held her head tightly to get maximum pleasure.
As she sucked his cock she was in tears. But, thanks to God, as the boy was impatient and inexperienced, he ejaculated soon. She tried her best to avoid swallowing his semen but few drops still remained in her mouth. Remaining cum fell on her beautiful dress.
The boy became uninterested immediately after his pleasure and excused himself to go to the toilet for cleaning. Veena felt like a two penny whore, who was no more needed, after man's sexual satisfaction.
Veena got up and walked to her Master. After playing with her own cunt to get attention an unknown guy and being touched so shamelessly by those unknown hands, Veena was horny like hell.
So she fell at the feet of her Master and kept her head on his lap. She pleaded, "Master, please fuck me hard, right here. Your bitch is no more concerned who watches her naked or being fucked. You just fill my cunt and fuck me like a useless whore. Use my all holes, but please let me cum."
Sanjeev held her by hair and pulled her to the last row of the hall. That area was darker than other parts of the hall. There was sufficient gap between the wall and the last row so that Veena held the back rest of a seat from behind, leaning over it. Her ass was in air, so that her Master could fuck her from behind.
Sanjeev raised hem of her dress to her waist and spanked her bare ass for more than ten times. As Veena didn't want to make noise, she bit her lower lip hard.
While spanking, Sanjeev also ran his hands mercilessly on her ass, cunt, boobs and mouth as if Veena was an object and he was assessing its worth. As Sanjeev explored Veena's body, she became hornier by every minute and pleaded for her Master's cock even more desperately.
Veena's dress was loosely hanging from her neck as Sanjeev spanked her ass, fondled her boobs, pinched her nipples, held her flat tummy and encroached her mouth repeatedly, in no particular order. He just wanted to demonstrate his ownership on this 36-year old petite woman and get the same understood by his slut.
And then as Veena was panting shamelessly now, she widened her feet apart to show her Master that she wanted to have his cock in her cunt badly.
Still, Sanjeev wanted the moment to turn even hotter. So he said, "So you are saying, Veena, you want to get fucked with your legs wide open, in this seedy theater, where people are around and they can even watch you getting fucked? You know, what pathetic and desperate slut that makes you."
But, Veena was beyond caring and she spoke amidst the loud sound of movie, "Master, please fuck your slut's dirty cunt. I don't care, whether it is a theater or a mall or a road, Master. All this bitch cares about is, widening her legs and offering herself to a merciless pounding."
As Sanjeev was not so mean to ignore such desperate pleas, he inserted his raging cock into Veena's sloppy cunt in a strong thrust. He held Veena's hair as he fucked her at a motor speed.
Due to such long teasing and denial, Veena was desperate to enjoy the moment at the hands of her Master. In the heat of the moment, Veena started panting very loudly as she came hard.
As a low-sound sequence was going on in the movie, few people could hear her loud moans and turned around.
That was the moment, Sanjeev also came hard into Veena's cunt. With hands on both boobs of Veena, he gave final thrusts into her cunt. It was so satisfying that Sanjeev wanted to remain there for some more time comforting his slave. But, their audience was increasing and approaching.
Hence, Sanjeev whispered into Veena's ear to collect her belongings from the floor, which she immediately complied. Factoring such eventuality, Sanjeev had chosen a place nearby an exit. He held Veena's hand and opened the gate to exit. People started running towards them, but he latched the door.
They ran to their car, as fast as they could, without raising any more suspicion from others, but only to realize that Veena had left her coat, sandals and panties in theater itself. Someone would have certainly jerked off on them but for Veena and her Master, it was a narrow escape.