"Merry Christmas, Babe. I didn't want to leave this in your stocking", you say with a faint quiver in her voice.
I had just entered the bedroom as we prepared for bed after arranging all of Santa's gifts around the tree. Having gone on a bit before me, you had changed into a beautiful and sexy emerald silky nightgown. The color accentuates the red of your hair nicely. Your amazing breasts are outlined in the soft lighting that faintly highlight your hard nipples. Your creamy thighs are revealed by slits in the gown that end tantalizingly at the bottom of your buttocks. Your long legs taper gracefully to reveal a pair of matching marabou stiletto pumps. You are stunning.
"Thank you, Baby!" I exclaim and move towards you, thinking that the nightgown and all that its shimmering silk contains is my gift. After a couple of steps, I see a slight hesitation in your eyes, and only then, notice that you were concealing something behind your back.
"You mean there is more?!" I ask with a smile.
"I hope you like it", you say extending what can only be a photo frame wrapped with a small bow in the corner.
As I take the gift and sit on the edge of the bed, I say "Baby, what I see is more than enough of a gift for me, but thank you."
Tearing the corner of the paper reveals a simple, but elegant, black frame. What is revealed within the frame causes me a small gasp. There behind the glass is you. You are wearing the same emerald green gown, reclining provocatively on huge brass bed against a large pile of assorted pillows. The slit in the gown shows the slight swell of your butt and your legs are extended luxuriously towards the camera. Your toes, sporting a polish that matches the gown, extend from the ends of the same stilettos I had admired mere moments ago. The thin straps of the gown had fallen off of your shoulders and lay loosely around your arms and your breasts were fully filling the laced bodice of the gown. As captivating as the pose was, the look on your face causes a stirring in my groin. The look is something of a mixture of "come hither" and "I'm about to rock your world."
"Well, do you hate it?' You ask, a little anxiously.
Stirring from my admiring the picture, I realize that you have now repeated the question. Having already asked it once and received no response from me. The nervousness in your voice is a little more detectable than before.
"It's absolutely stunning!" I respond. Probably a lot faster than normal, but my heart rate has jumped up a few notches.
You look a little relieved. Sliding your hand up the leg of my pajamas, you say "I can see now that you must like it... at least a little." And with that you give my growing erection a gentle squeeze and smile.
As I continue to stare at the photo, I comment that "I love that you would do this for me, Babe. I just can't believe that you would get a picture this risqué taken by a stranger. Strangely, it makes it even a little hotter. Where and when did you have it done?"
As you sit down beside me, still lightly grasping my crotch, you say, "I was at the school several weeks ago waiting for pick-up and I overheard two other moms talking. They both looked to be at least my age. One actually looks quite a bit older. And while I'm not bragging, I think that I look much better than either of them. They both seem a little too prim and proper for my taste. It was the subject matter of their conversation that caught my attention. The younger woman was telling the other how much she appreciated her referring her to some photographer. She said that it had been a very memorable experience and that she was planning on using him a lot more in the future. At first I thought they were talking about family portraits or something like that. Then the older one said that she could believe how hot and bothered she had gotten being photographed "like that." Well, that sort of piqued my interest, you know?"
Continuing your story you say, "The younger of the two then said something about how she had practically molested her husband for a solid week after her shoot. And they talked about how at ease the photographer made them while making them feel like they were the sexiest women on earth. They couldn't believe some of the things they did and the poses that they actually "wanted" to do. I could see them getting a little flushed just talking about it. Their obvious excitement overcame their attempts to be discrete and their voices actually got a little louder as they spoke. They both went on and on about how much their husbands had loved their photos and how much their "bedroom life" had improved.
I pipe in with a raspy "I can certainly believe that!" while never taking my eyes from the frame
As you lightly run your finger along the outline of my cock, which was now straining against the flannel material, you comment that you can see how much I am obviously enjoying the picture.
"Oh I am. I am", I reply. "Please don't stop."
Smiling now you ask, "With my story or with my petting?" Your earlier anxiety is gone and a devilish gleam in your eyes is now evident.
"Yes", is all the response I can muster.
"If you insist," you say with a smile. "Well, by this point I think I had abandoned any pretense of reading my book and was actually leaning forward trying to hear every word of their conversation. I was totally hooked. I was so caught up in the whole slightly taboo vibe that they were giving off. I mean, you know me, I don't usually care what other people do as long as it doesn't affect me, right? I didn't know why their conversation captivated me quite so much, but it did."
"Go on." I say. And then almost begging I add, "Please."
Looking me hard in the eye, giving my cock a little squeeze and smiling, you say, "Oh, so you're hooked, too, huh?"
I look back at the framed photo and simply nod.
With another little squeeze, you continue, "Where was I? Oh yes, so they were practically giddy discussing the response they had received from their husbands after receiving their gifts. Then the younger woman looked mischievously at the other and said, "It's been a long time since I felt the way I felt being there in front of Blake. It just felt so naughty. I mean I was terrified being in that neighborhood. And that building looked a little rundown. I think that being on the wrong side of town and the seediness of it all got me a little excited before we even started shooting. Just knowing that I was about to be half dressed and helpless made me nervous and excited at the same time." The older woman nodded eagerly and chimed in with, "Oh, I know exactly what you mean. I felt the same way when I arrived." Then the younger one went on with a teenage-girl-crush-look on her face and almost gushed, "And aren't Blake and his assistant some of the nicest looking hunks of men you've ever seen?" "Um-hmmm." Was all that the older one could manage before the younger one said, "They were so reassuring and complimentary! It's no surprise that I was able to feel so comfortable and confident during the shoot." Then giggling, she added, "And you could tell that they really enjoyed their jobs." The older woman started fanning herself with her hand like she was suddenly in a heat wave and laughingly replied, "I know! They must love their work in a big way, because..."
You look down at the picture, which still has my rapt attention, and go on, "I was blatantly eavesdropping by then. I was trying to figure out their meaning when the school bell rang, obscuring the last part of what they said. I almost asked for them to repeat it, but the buzz of all the kids coming out of the school made any further discussion impossible. On the drive home, I replayed the conversation I had heard over in my mind. But by the time I got home, the homework, laundry, dinner and all the other things that demand my attention pretty much washed it all out of my head."
"Then one morning the next week, after you kissed me goodbye and left for work, I couldn't go back to sleep. The book I was reading wasn't really grabbing me, so I just laid there trying to will myself up out of bed to start my daily routine. When out if the blue, the eavesdropped conversation popped into my head. As I recounted what I had overheard in my mind, I felt myself getting a little excited. My curiosity got the better of me. I knew I had sometime before preparing for school that I could use doing a little computer research. I remembered that the ladies had referred to "Blake" as the photographers name and that his studio was on the "wrong side" of town. It took a little while, but I found a photographer's website that I was pretty sure had to be the right one. Just as I started to click the link, I heard the stirring in the house that told me that my research would have to wait."
"After I got back from the school drop off, I fixed a bowl of cereal, poured a glass of milk and sat back down at the computer. There behind the screensaver was the site and I was barely able to start clicking before I was interrupted again. Just as the screen changed, the phone rang. "Fuck!" I shouted and walked over to see who was calling. Seeing that it was a telemarketer, I went back to the computer and couldn't believe my eyes. There on the screen was a webpage that could have just as easily been for Olan Mills or any other family photographer! It didn't seem possible, but I re-ran my Google search and came to the conclusion that this HAD to be the guy. I mean how many photographers in this town are named Blake and have a studio in a seedy part of town? So I picked up the phone and dialed the number on the screen. A very pleasant sounding young man answered the phone and I found that I couldn't speak. He said "Hello?" a couple more times and I screwed up my courage and blurted out that I had been referred by some fellow mother's from our school who had had some "boudoir" photos taken for their husbands. But that looking on his website, it looked like I might have been mistaken."
"Oh no." The voice answered with a hint of a chuckle. "I believe you have the correct number. We don't advertise those particular services publically. But we have an abundance of experience with that particular genre of shoot. Quite frankly, risqué shoots make up well over 50% of our income. We've found that word of mouth is more than enough advertising for us."
"I think I managed a half intelligible "uhhhh", before he asked if I would like to meet for a preliminary consultation to see if I was interested in doing an actual shoot. Half in a haze, I made an appointment for the next morning. I think I wanted to do it before I chickened out."
I manage to stutter a barely comprehensible, "I see. Go on."
"Are you sure you aren't upset with me for doing this?" you ask, sounding a little worried again.
"Hell, no!" I answer. "It's a little hard to really put into words. As you can tell, I am thoroughly enjoying the picture..." motioning down to my groin, "...and I have a small pit in my stomach that I think is a little jealousy. The two emotions are kind of fighting inside me and excitement and lust seem to be winning at the moment."
"OK. Then I'll go on if you're sure you want to hear it. I don't want to upset you. Should I keep going?" You ask.
"Please", I say.
"OK. If you are sure", you say teasingly while rubbing my rock hard cock.
"I'm sure" I groan.
"Well, I dropped off at school and then came home, showered, did my hair and make-up, and then picked out a pair of jeans and a casual sweater. I wanted to look nice, but I didn't want to get all sexy'ed up, you know. But, I must admit that I wore the little lacy undies that you like so much. It was a little surprising, but I was actually getting a little excited at the thought of going there. Not just like I was eagerly anticipating going. I mean Iwasanticipating it. But I was getting a little sexually excited, too. The whole butterflies in the stomach routine -- only in a good way."
"So I drove across town. Now, I'll admit that I was a little scared driving to the building. Itreallyisn't in a good part of town. I kept thinking about all the times I would ask about going somewhere and you would tell me that I couldn't go there alone. This felt a little like that. But it was broad daylight and I didn't really see anything or anybody that should scare me. I found the address and it was a huge building in decent shape. It had a fenced-in parking area with a few really nice cars already inside. There was a gate with an intercom next to it so that I could drive up, roll down the window and push the button. The same voice that I spoken to on the phone the day before asked me if he could help me. I gave him my name and he welcomed me and told me to come on in. The gate slid open and then closed as soon as I had driven through. At that point, I was hoping I wasn't making a mistake, but I was already there, right?"
"I parked close to the building with the drivers' side door closest to the building in case I needed to run to the car and drive away fast. I realize now I was just being silly, of course. The solid steel door opened into a tasteful, well decorated lobby. It was open and spacious with just enough of the industrial vibe to be cool. The walls were covered with a mix of the usual family portrait poses and several really creative, eclectic still-lifes and landscapes. Just saying that probably makes it sound as though it shouldn't work, but in that setting it really did. So anyway, I was standing just inside the door, taking it all in and gathering my nerves when out walked a nice-looking, fairly well built and toned young man. Well, I say "young," but he was probably about my age. He had an easy, confident, but not cocky, air about him.
"He gave a very pleasant smile as he greeted me, "Mrs. Stone, welcome to our studio. I hope you found us without too much trouble." I told him that I had no trouble what so ever."
"Please come this way to Blake's office. Can I take your coat and get you a coffee, tea, or water?"
"Well, I was too nervous to even think about drinking anything. You know how I have to pee all the time when I'm nervous."
"Blake's office was fairly large, with a small table and four chairs to one side for reviewing proofs, I assume. It had the typical beautifully finished executive style desk with a matching credenza behind it and two leather arm chairs in its front. The wall above the credenza was all glass with a glass door in the left hand corner. The windows and door opened into a large studio space with an impressive array of lighting set-ups and backdrops hanging from the ceiling. The usual portrait props lined the outside walls. You know, out of the way, but close enough to grab quickly. It was a really nice set up. In the other corner of the office was a solid door that was painted out to blend with the wall. As the assistant - I learned his name was Craig - hung my coat on the coat tree, he looked towards the desk and seemed puzzled."
"Hmm", he said. "Blake must be running a little long on his shoot. Would you like to observe a bit to get a feel for what you may be doing?" he asked.
"Well, I was a little puzzled, too. I looked out in the studio and there wasn't anyone there. I wasn't sure where Blake could be shooting. But, I was game so I said, "Sure."
"Craig asked me to follow him and started towards the solid door in the corner. Opening it, we entered into a small, dark vestibule that was dimly lit by a faint red light hidden out of sight somewhere. Pulling the door closed behind us, Craig explained that the vestibule kept light from the offices from messing up the photo lighting in case someone opened the door. And I guessed that made sense. Craig crossed the small room and opened the left hand of two matching doors set about six feet apart. Inside I saw a long narrow room with two tiers of seating arranged to face a large piece of glass set in the right side wall. Craig motioned me have a seat. He said he would let Blake know that I was here and he backed out of the room closing the door behind him."
"Well, I picked a seat in the front row and had a seat. What I saw through the glass was surprising. There was a whole other studio here. And while the backdrops and lighting rigs may have been similar to portrait studio, the rest of the studio was definitely different! Where luxurious arm chairs, benches, and portrait props were in the other studio, I saw a big canopy bed decked out in lace, Victorian red velvet chaises, and brightly colored, overstuffed sofas. There were several animal skin rugs, you know a bearskin, a lion skin, and even a zebra skin. In the darkened back corner I saw a few leather clad things that I can only assume were based on torture chamber fixtures. Only they weren't all that scary looking. But they were definitely designed to hold someone in various positions and to keep them from moving very much. Across the studio there were several racks of silky gowns, skimpy lace outfits, feather boas, and a whole rack of leather outfits. There were also shelves full of shoes, hats, jewelry and one with... well, let's just call them adult toys."
As you describe the scene in front of you, I realize that your hand is simply laying in my lap now. Of course that's just fine because I don't how much longer I could have lasted with even just the light caresses you've been administering through the pajamas. I look up to you and notice that you seem fixated on the photo, too. With a slight start, I think you caught yourself, you look up. Smiling, you say, "I do look pretty damned good in it, don't I?" I respond, "I always think you look good, Babe. But you are absolutely spectacular in this picture! It's too bad I can't have it enlarged and hung over our bed." I finish with a smile and lean over for a soft, prolonged kiss on your glistening lips.
"Keep going. Don't stop now, this is interesting", I urge.
"Well, all that I've described was all around the edges of the central area, what I guess you would consider the "studio" part. There in the center of the room was a huge brass bed turned at an angle to where I was sitting. So I was sort of looking from the footboard up to the headboard. The backdrop was a very light blue and bed was made up with white satin sheets and had lots of throw pillows in different light shades of blue. Spread out on the sheets, reclining on the pillows was a rather large woman who looked vaguely familiar. Searching through my memory, I realized that I know her from the school! And I've got to tell you, it would have been easy to not recognize her. I mean, I don't dress up to go by the school, but I usually look a far sight better than she does. Not to be mean, but she is just not an attractive woman. When I see her at the school, she always looks like she just rolled out of bed and usually looks like she is constantly pissed off at the world. I've even wondered how she looked when she met her husband. You know, what did he see in her that I couldn't see now? But there she was having her pictures done and she looked pretty good. I think that's why I almost didn't recognize her. She had her hair and makeup done up. She had on tasteful lingerie that had that sophisticated amount of sluttiness to it. And she definitely looked pretty damned sexy there posing this way and then another. It was obvious that someone, I assume Blake, was coaching and directing her well. "
"I wasn't sure how long I watched. It is actually a little bit of a blur. But I do know I was impressed by what I saw. This guy must be good. What sort of shook me out of my stupor was that I noticed that the lights had come up in the studio. I saw the lady almost slinking over to a man I could only assume was Blake and engulf him in a hug that was just a little too long and a little too enthusiastic. The door to my viewing room opened with a click and I saw that Craig was standing there smiling at me.
"What did you think?" he asked.
"Well, I think I know that woman and I'll say that Blake must be a magician." I said with a laugh.
"Oh, he's very good at what he does." Craig replied. "If you will follow me, I'll take you back to the office. Blake will be with you in a few moments."
"I was sitting in one of the armchairs in the office, kind of lost in my own little world, when I was startled by a hand touching my shoulder. I looked up and saw the man who had been bear hugged a little earlier. Blake was standing there smiling. He said "Hello, Mrs. Stone. I'm so sorry if I startled you. Thank for you coming in today."
" I was immediately disarmed by him. It isn't that he is an absolutely gorgeous man, but he isn't ugly. He wasn't tall, but he wasn't short either. He didn't look like some gym rat body builder, but he was fit and trim. To look at him, there was really nothing that would make a girl swoon. But he had very soft eyes and an easy, infectious smile. You know the type of person, Babe. You can't put your finger on anything specific, but they have a certain something about them. That was Blake. He was probably late forties or early fifties, but he could have been sixty for all I could tell."
"He sat down behind his desk, leaned forward to rest his arms on the top, and said, "Craig has told me that you would like to discuss having some "special" photos made for your husband."
"I replied that I did, but that I was very nervous about it all. I said that I certainly didn't feel as sexy as I used to feel. And that I was afraid the pictures would be terrible."
"He leaned back and chuckled as he spoke. "If I had a dollar for every time I have been told that, I would be retired, sipping champagne on the deck of my yacht. I hear the same worry from almost every woman who sits in that chair to discuss a shoot like this. And I've found that what almost every wife forgets is that their husbands are in love with them, not some Victoria's Secret model. In your husbands' eyes, you could look what you think of as your absolute worst and they will still see the woman that first captured their hearts years ago. I can make you this promise, based on my years of experience, and no one has taken me up on this yet. If you aren't 100% happy with the results of your shoot, there will be absolutely no charge. Deal?"
"Well, I could hardly see any harm in that so I nodded my head."
"Great!" Blake exclaimed. "When are you looking to pose? It's almost Thanksgiving. So if you are hoping to give your shots as a Christmas gift we will need to get you in before the school recesses, won't we?"
"I was really impressed that he had thought about my daily schedule" you say. "Of course, I was beginning to suspect that a large portion of his bedroom shoots were moms with school aged kids."
"He went on to explain that he would block out a couple of hours. That the wardrobe racks I had seen earlier were there for my use, or I could bring in something of my own. He said he would have makeup and hair stylists available for the thirty minutes before my two hour shoot. And then he went over all the other details regarding costs, deposits, ownership of the negatives, and all that stuff. I won't bore you with that. I feel like I'm talking a mile a minute now. And it feels like I've been talking forever", you finish with a smile.
"Besides, I'm feeling like I'm losing a little of your interest", with a gentle squeeze of my only slightly less solid cock.
"Not at all", I reply quickly. "But, you do sound like you enjoyed the whole process. And that's a good thing. I am also just a little bit jealous that you obviously enjoyed the whole process so much."
"Are you upset?" you ask, looking worried.
"I'm not upset with you at all, My Love" I reply. "I'm actually surprisingly turned on by the whole thing. That not only were you willing to do this for me, but that you enjoyed it so much. I always want you to enjoy things we do together more than I care about my physical enjoyment. I don't know if you can ever really understand the joy I get from hearing you cum or watching your face while you are enjoying what I am doing to you. I guess we will have to perfect that whole body swap thing for you to understand. Because I've tried to explain it and I know that I can't. I know that is the long way of saying that I am as far from being upset with you as I can possibly be. Please go on. It sounds like we are just getting to the good stuff."
"I think that you will like the rest of the story then," you say in response. "Because I was surprised at how much the lead up to the shoot invigorated me. And I did enjoy doing the shoot. It was very liberating. But I'm getting ahead of myself. So let's go back right after my meeting with Blake."
"Blake and I set the date and time for the shoot and he gave me my own personal access code for the parking lot gate. I promised to be there at least thirty minutes before the appointed time for my hair and make-up and said my good-bye."
"Well, I had a couple of hours before I had to be at the school. And I was getting excited about the shoot. So I went to the mall and had a little shopping spree. I bought fun and sexy little undies and a couple of new bras to match. I got a couple of other outfits, including the one in the picture. I had just enough time to race home, hide all my goodies and get to the school. The feeling of having this little secret was a little naughty and taboo. You might remember the time frame. I think I attacked you every night for the entire week between the meeting Blake and the shoot," you finish with a devilish grin.
It doesn't take much effort to remember those nights. "Oh, I remember them alright. It was amazing. I've never had any complaints at all, so don't think that. But those nights were like back when we were dating again," I said smiling at the memories. "Those were especially hot nights. Go on with your story." I said, finishing with a wink.
"So I could hardly sleep the night before my shoot, even with my magic pill. I was actually worried that I would have bags under my eyes that day," you continue on with a chuckle. "After you left for work and I got back from the school, I had a long, hot shower and did a thorough shave. That was especially difficult since my hands were shaking so much! I put on some of my new things under a pair of jeans and a sweater. Blake had instructed me not to bother with makeup or doing my hair, so I was actually early getting ready. After I gathered up all my new outfits and looked at the clock, I saw that it was way too early to leave. It was pretty nerve racking waiting until time to leave. So I tried to read until time to go. I had to re-read that chapter later because I didn't remember a thing I read that morning. I had to remind myself to drive the speed limit the whole way. I'm actually quite proud of myself that I arrived at the studio at exactly the time I was supposed to be there."
"Craig met me at the door and ushered me back to the secret studio. Over in another corner of the studio that I couldn't see in my first visit there was a well done little changing room and a full Hollywood type makeup area. They had also wheeled over a few of the wardrobe racks that I had seen before for me to look through." "I told Craig that I had brought my own things, if that was OK." Craig told me it would be fine to use my own clothes, but if I changed my mind I should just let them know."
Pointing to the picture still clutched in my hands, you say, "I went in the changing area and put on the gown you see there. I don't know why but I almost didn't put on the matching thong that came with it. That was so out of my character that I really didn't know what was going through my head."
"There was yet another ruggedly handsome guy waiting for me when I left the changing area. It was becoming clearer to me why so many of the "Soccer Moms" loved it!"
"My name is Mark", he said, extending his hand and flashing yet another easy smile. "I'll be doing your hair and makeup today. May I say that you have made an incredible choice with that gown. It is very elegant and the color works so well with your skin and really brings the red out in your hair. Please have a seat."
Looking at me you smile and say, "I'll admit that I enjoyed hearing a stranger compliment me. I even forgot that I didn't have on any makeup and hadn't done anything at all with my hair."
Then looking back down at the picture, you continue your story. "So Craig brought me a cup of coffee and sat in a chair a few feet away and just chatted away with Mark and me. I can't tell you what we talked about, but it was just an easy conversation and the time just flew by. Before I knew it Mark told me he was done. Looking in the mirror, I was very pleased with the job Mark had done. The colors he chose for me were really very close to what I usually wore. He used a different color eye shade that I use and it looked good. Maybe you noticed that I was doing something different the last month?"
Realizing that you were asking me a question, I break my gaze from the photo and look up with a "Huh?" Laughing a little you tell me, "Never mind."
Continuing your story, you say, "So Mark finishes my hair and make-up and Craig is standing beside me ready to escort me to the set for my shoot. I later wondered if the reason he sat there and talked with us was so that I wouldn't get even more nervous while Mark was doing his thing. If that was the reason, it worked like a charm, because I hadn't even thought about what was coming up. I barely had time for the butterflies to get going in my stomach before we were standing in front of the set. The same brass bed I had seen in my previous visit was on the slightly raised stage area. The sheets, pillows and backdrop were different, but it was the same bed. I was just taking it in, when I heard Blake's voice behind us.
"Good Morning, Mrs. Stone! Are we all ready this morning?" he asked.
As I turned to look at him, he smiled broadly and said, "Wow. That is an excellent choice of gown. You are stunning. This may be one of the easiest shoots I've ever done!"
I was actually embarrassed. But he quickly added that he didn't see anything that he could possibly change and asked me if the setting was compatible with my vision of what I wanted. I told him that he was the professional and I trusted him completely.
"Well then," he said. "Craig, let's change those few blue pillows out for some of the violet and purple ones."
After Craig and Mark had made the appropriate changes, Blake touched my back and asked if I was ready to get started. I said that I was as ready as I'd ever be and that we should get started before I chickened out.
Blake chuckled and told me, "You are absolutely gorgeous and I want you to think about how much your husband will enjoy having a picture of you looking like this anytime he wants to see it. You will do fantastically. You can trust me on that. We'll be through before you know it."
With that, he turned towards the cabinet full of cameras and equipment Craig had rolled in while Blake and I were talking. Craig came over, gently taking my arm and helped me up on the set. When I reached the bed, I turned around and asked Blake how he wanted me.
"I caught the little unintended innuendo and looked up, a little embarrassed, to see if anyone else got it. But if anyone did, they were letting it go. Maybe they were just being polite."
"Then there was a loud click or two and the studio went completely dark. Now, I'll admit that a brief second, I was a little scared. Here I was in a secluded dark room with three men and I wasn't wearing a whole lot of clothing, you know? But then the set lighting started coming up slowly and I saw all three of them still over by the cameras, not even paying attention to me and I realized I was being a little paranoid."
"As the lighting increased and focused on the center of the bed, I walked over and stood next to the headboard, nervously awaiting for Blake's directions. He finished whatever adjustments he was making to his camera, looked up at me. Smiling, he asked if I was ready. I said that I was and asked him what to do. He said that I looked great right there and that he would start shooting with me standing there and then I should just get on the bed and we would go from there. And then the camera started clicking."
"I was pretty nervous and those first few pictures were definitely throw-aways. He kept telling how great I looked and to just relax. I put one knee up on the bed to get on it. He must have liked it because he said that it was perfect and took a couple of shots like that. Then I crawled the rest of the way on, so I was on all fours. He told me to hold that pose, took a few more shots, and then did that whole thing you see professional models do. You know, "Great! Now toss your hair around! Awesome! Now look this way and that," that sort of stuff. I admit that I always thought that whole routine was a little over the top. But I was starting to get into it a little. It felt a little liberating, I think."
I interrupt with, "So what happened to all of those pictures?"
You pause your story for a moment. Give my crotch a little squeeze, stand up and walk to the dresser. You open your underwear drawer, pull out a manila envelope and start back to the bed, continuing your story.
"So before you know it, I'm rolling around on the bed, holding this pose and that pose. And I'm really enjoying it. Blake is complimenting me and telling Craig and Mark what a natural I am. They were really making me feel a little hot. Here you go," and you hand me the envelope.
My hands are now shaking a little as I fumble to get the envelope open. Sighing playfully, you take the envelope from my hands, open it and hand me the stack of prints.
Picking up the story again you say, "So I was just getting to the point where I was getting a little excited. And I mean a little slicker excited, Honey. I could feel little tingles all over my body. Now that picture there..." you say, pointing to the print in my hand.
The picture showed you with sitting/kneeling on the bed with your legs to the side. You are looking at the camera hungrily as you are holding your hair with both hands above you head. The thin straps of the gown have dropped off of your shoulders and the bodice has slipped slightly, showing a little more cleavage.
"This was taken about the time I was really getting into the shoot. I knew when I heard the camera click that it was a great picture. I almost used this one for your gift, actually. I felt really sexy."
I respond that you look incredibly sexy and shuffle to the next picture... And my heart skips a beat and a small gasp escapes my increasingly dry lips. The next picture is the same pose as the previous picture, with one big difference. In this picture, the bodice of the gown has fallen down around your stomach and your magnificent breasts are protruding towards the camera as you arched your back slightly. Your nipples are very hard, indicating that you were indeed enjoying the moment. The surprise of seeing this picture is being replaced with two competing sensations in my body. The pit of jealousy in my stomach is vying with the increased warmth in my groin as my erection begins to grow again.
You have stopped your narration and I can feel you searching my face for some indication of my reaction. You hesitantly ask, "Are you upset with me?"
After a moment's pause, I reply, "No. I feel a little jealous, but I'm also very turned on at the same time. I'm not sure I can explain the contradiction of feelings. It's actually very strange. It feels a little dreamlike. A good dream, just a little odd, you know?"
Looking down at the head of my cock as it begins to escape through the flap of my pajamas you say that you were hoping I wouldn't be upset. You were really worried about that after the fact. But during the shoot, you kind of lost a lot of inhibitions. You begin to run your fingers lightly up and down my exposed shaft and say, "This is the reaction I wanted you to have. Because this was how I was feeling while I was posing. I mean, I was getting seriously excited. I kind of blocked the fact that there were three strange men watching me. I felt great and I was visualizing that you were the only person seeing me. It was odd. I don't know that I could have had the confidence to these things in front of just you, but there I was doing it and I was totally able to do it when I thought of you watching me."
"Does that make any sense at all?" you ask, searching my eyes for some sort of understanding.
Kissing your lips softly, I reply, "Baby, I think I do understand. I can't tell you how pleased I am that you would do this for me... and it sounds like it ended up being good for you, too, huh?"
You respond by taking my face in your hands and return an equally passionate kiss. Smiling, you drop one hand back down to my lap and ask if you should continue. I look down at the incredibly hot picture in my hands and tell you I can't wait to hear the rest of the story.
The next picture showed you slightly from the side. The bodice was still around your stomach, but you were on your knees, your hands grasped the top of the brass footboard. Your breasts are resting lightly on the bed and your hair is falling across your face. You are looking towards the camera with an almost angelic look. I say almost, because your slightly parted lips and the rest of your pose are implying something very un-angelic.
The next photo was of you standing on your knees in the middle of the bed. You are again looking at the camera through tussled hair as you are pushing the gown down over your hips. The effect is incredibly sensuous.
The next photo was of you on your knees with your arms wrapped under your breasts, looking at the camera as you lick your lips. The scene makes my cock twitch involuntarily under your hand. You squeal happily and exclaim that I must be really enjoying the pictures. All I can do is nod my head. The spasms in my groin demonstrate that I very turned on in spite my dry mouth and the flutters of my stomach.
The next shot had you lying back on the mound of pillows. Your legs were spread slightly. Your hands were covering the crotch of your thongs and your arms pushed your breasts together. Your gaze at the camera was directly above the deep cleavage that this pose created.
You look at the picture and comment. "I had to hold my hands there, because I had a large wet spot already." Running a finger along the tip of my head collecting a drop of pre-cum, you say, "I see you are getting a wet spot, too. I guess that's a good thing, right?"
I couldn't possibly have anticipated the content of the next picture. The next pose took my breath away. You were laying spread eagle on the bed. The camera was directly in the middle of the bed looking up your body to your face. A white satin blindfold covered your eyes. You wrist and ankles were tied at the four corners of the bed with dark blue silk scarves. Your nipples were hard and pointed straight up at the ceiling. The wet spot in your thongs was plainly visible. You lips were wet and slightly parted. It almost looked as though you were gasping. I saw the expression I love to see on your face. You were obviously very turned on and your cheeks were flushed.
"How..." I asked, stammering. "How did you get into this position? I don't think you were able to tie yourself up?"
"I didn't," you reply as you wrap your fingers around my shaft. "Craig and Mark tied me up."
Feeling another involuntary twitch, you smile and continue. "They put the blind fold on first. It was actually very erotic. I was sitting in the middle of the bed when they told me to put it on. So I was sitting there effectively in the dark. It's obvious that they have done this before. Mark told me to lay back. Then they each took one of my ankles and pulled them towards the sides of the bed. I could feel a little chill as fresh air hit my wet spot. Then they started tying a scarf on each ankle."
You stand up from the bed and face me. I look up to you and you ask, "Can I tell you something without you getting upset?"
"That depends on what it is, Babe," I reply with a smile. I feel like you are playing a game with me now -- and I'm enjoying it. "Should I look at the rest of the pictures before I answer?"
Answering my smile with a playful smile of your own, you say, "No. It's nothing horrible. But if I don't tell you, I think I'll burst. It's just a little naughty. I didn't have sex with them or anything like that."
"Then go ahead, Baby. I'm all ears."
At that, you place your hands on my knees and kneel between my legs. Looking up at me, you go on, "So while they were tying my ankles, my feet brushed up against both of their crotches." Smiling you gently blow on my head and get a twitch.
Throwing my head back and moaning, I say, "You did? And what did you find when your toes were wiggling around there?"
"I found that they were enjoying my photo shoot as much as I was," you state as you then kiss the underside of my shaft.
After I catch my breath, I'm able to ask, "How do you know that, you sexy woman?"
"Because they were both hard," you whisper directly against me.
I manage a moan and a breathy "And did you like the fact that you got them both hard, Babe?"
Stopping the soft licking of by balls, you reply, "I loved it. Is that bad? I felt so powerful, actually. Like I could have had them to do almost anything in that moment."
"You mean like you could get me to do anything right now," I ask.
Without removing my ball from your mouth, you give me a "mmmm-hhmmmm."
"What did they do when you rubbed them with your feet?" I ask.
"MMmmmm. I did it like it was an accident. So I don't know that they realized I did it on purpose that time," you say.
Looking back at the picture, I catch what you just said. "What do you mean that time, Babe? Just how many times did you grope them with your feet?"
Standing up, looking down at me while you slide the straps of your gown down over your shoulders, you reply, "Just the once with my feet." Then dropping the bodice of your gown, exposing your magnificent tits, you add, "Then they each took my wrists and started tying the scarves." As you finish that statement, you drop back to your knees and place your breasts on either side of my cock.
"And?..." I ask.
"I felt them up with my hands," you say running your tongue the length of my shaft.
"And?..." I moan.
"They were very hard, Baby. And now I know what the prudes at the school meant when they said these guys enjoy their work in a big way." You engulf my head in your warm, soft mouth for just a second before removing it and continuing. "They are very well endowed, My Love. Both of them were long and thick." Then you give me another short suck before pulling off again.
"Are you upset with me? I was a bit of a bad girl."
Lying back on the bed, I reply. "Actually, at this moment, I'm not upset at all. As you can tell, I'm hugely turned on. Are you upset with me for not being jealous and outraged? Maybe I'll be upset later, but right now, I think you are the sexiest woman on the face of the earth."
I'm glad you aren't upset with me. I was just so caught up in the moment. I knew I was entirely safe and they posed no threat to me at all. I was just feeling very naughty and so horny. I admit I loved feeling them up. They were excited and it was all because of me. I promise I didn't touch them again." And you go back to orally teasing me.
Only one picture left. As I look to it with a mixture of anxiety as to what it might show and sadness that there wasn't more to see, I studied it. The scene caused another twitch that caused you to giggle and ask me if I was looking at the last one.
"I am," I reply breathily. The scene was again a little unexpected. You are on your knees, ass in the air and head resting on a pillow. Your arms are extended towards your feet and your wrists are again tied to your ankle. The camera must be at about 45 degrees to your body.
You interrupt my devouring of the picture. Looking up at me you say, "While they were tying me up in that pose, I realized that my ass was pointing right at the one-way mirror that separated the studio from the viewing room. I assumed they did that on purpose and that someone was watching me from behind the mirror. But, you know what? At that moment I didn't care. I think I might have been disappointed if there wasn't anyone. The thought of being watched actually made the whole thing even hotter." Then you drop back and continue your attentions to my groin.
As I look at the picture again, I note the look on your face. It is flushed and tensed. If I didn't know better I would think that you might have been having an orgasm. It was a wonderful expression. I also noticed that your buttocks were red. Looking closer, I could just make out handprints!
"Your ass is awfully red in this picture, Babe," I moan to you.
Stopping to look at my face, you smile a devilish grin and say, "Craig and Mark spanked me for being a bad girl when I felt them up. And, oh Baby, It was so hot!"
With that, the twitches increased and I exploded all over your breasts.
You stand up and tell me that you are glad that I thought so, too. Dropping the rest of your gown and peeling off your thong, you walk to the head of the bed. Crawling to the center, and leaning back on the pillows, you spread your legs revealing your very wet pussy.
"Now come on up here and fuck me now or I won't tell you what I have planned for your birthday."