I rolled out of bed this morning before the sun was even up and found that Ann was not only awake but gone. The note she left on her pillow said she had to run into her office for a few hours and that she'd be back to help finalize the decorations and food for the party.
Sleepily I stood in the hot shower trying to wash the grogginess from my body. The water felt refreshing, especially this early when it was still cold and dark outside. I pulled on a pair of silk boxers, some jeans and a sweatshirt and headed downstairs. As I reached the bottom of the landing, I found Tina exiting her bedroom, already dressed as well and making her way to the kitchen.
"Good morning gorgeous!" I called out.
"Hey sexy, good morning to you!" she replied happily. "I was just going to make some breakfast, you interested?"
"Oh I'm interested," I said grinning and giving her the once over, making my overt sexual intentions clear. "But not about breakfast in the kitchen."
"Oh really," she stopped in her tracks, "what is it that you ARE interested in?" She was clearly as ready to go this morning as I was. Not having Ann to play with early this morning was leaving me looking for options and Tina was ready for action.
"IHOP!" I yelled as I laughed, she just smirked in return, "that DOES sound good, let's get out of here!"
As she turned toward the front door just a few steps away I watched her magnificent ass. It swayed back and forth in a pair of seriously tight black jeans, no visible panty line, her hips and tiny waist accentuated by how low cut they were, it looked almost low enough to show a little of her ass crack, but not quite. Her short white sweater stopped just above her jeans, showing a tiny strip of skin along her lower back and tight belly. She held the door open for me, and I noticed her perky breasts held up tight by a bra concealed beneath the tiny sweater. Her auburn hair was simply pulled back into a pony tail, in a simple by sexy look.
She smiled, and gave me a playful peck on the cheek and a more sexual squeeze on my ass as I passed by her and out to my truck. After the ass squeeze and the mood I was in, I almost pushed her onto the porch and went for it! But, I decided that could wait a little longer, I made it a point to help her in and close her door before heading around to my own door. Still trying to be the best "gentleman" I could be for her sake. Ann's plan had been working so far, and Tina's self confidence and self esteem was growing each day.
Arriving at the restaurant I noticed there weren't very many cars in the parking lot; I looked at the clock, 5:45am, early, but not for a breakfast place. Tina and I walked arm and arm, as I opened the door for her and stood at the hostess stand waiting to be seated. She let us choose any table we liked, and Tina sat us down at a round booth in the corner of the restaurant. It was normally reserved for 5 or more people and the two of us looked ridiculous sitting at opposite ends of the table. So she and I both slid towards the middle so we were sitting only a few feet apart.
I ordered French toast for both of us without looking at the menus and some orange juice. We talked more about the party tonight, and what Tina expected. This was going to be her first New Year's party at our house, and she was looking forward to it. Ann and always tried to make sure our guests had a good time. This year was going to be different though, while all the usual crowds from work would be there, we invited the neighbors and family over as well, so Tina and Ann's brother Kent would be there with his wife, although their parents cancelled yesterday. All the better I supposed; Ann was less stressed without her folks around.
The French toast arrived moments later and as we ate, we continued our conversation about the party and her starting classes again in about a week.
Tina changed the subject with a loaded question. "So, did you enjoy your swim yesterday?"
She was referring to our mid-day skinny dip, which very quickly turned to both girls blowing me in the pool, fulfilling a long running fantasy of mine.
I smiled back, "what do you think?"
She smirked and giggled, "I think I'd like to pour this maple syrup on your cock and lick it off right here under the table!"
Holy Shit! My cock began throbbing at that vision; Tina was as ready to go as I had guessed back at the house. I quickly looked around to see if anyone had heard her. There was only one other couple in the restaurant and their table was at least 20 feet away, and out of sight of anything underneath the top of the booths. Our server was busy on the other half of the restaurant where she was serving a few other tables. I pictured Tina on her knees under the table, swallowing my cock. My member grew in the tight confines of my jeans, beginning to make it very uncomfortable.
"Lost in thought stud?" I heard her say coyly, "Cat got your tongue?"
I looked at her and smirked, "just picturing you under the table my dear."
"It is making you hard?" she asked at barely above a whisper. She moved closer to me, and reached over and felt for herself. "Mmmm," she whispered, "looks pretty tight and uncomfortable," she continued as she began stroking my hardening member through the denim.
A low moan escaped my lips as she began to quickly unbuckle and unzip my jeans. She pulled my cock out of my pants, in plain view of anyone who might be within ten feet of the table, but safe from the prying eyes on the other side of the booth. Precum began dripping from the head.
"I have a sweet tooth this morning," she whispered, and grabbed the glass container of maple syrup, holding it over my cock, opening the spout and drizzled my throbbing cock in her grasp with the sticky sweet substance. She leaned in close and moaned, "I don't think we have much time stud, so you better fill my mouth with your hot cum quickly!"
What a slut-mouth on this girl, I thought, but she does know how to get me going!
In one swift move, she put the syrup on the table, and slid underneath. On her knees now in front of me under the table, she pointed my cock at her gaping mouth. The brown sticky substance collected just underneath the head as she stroked me with her little hand. Suddenly the engorged head disappeared into her hot mouth. Her tongue expertly slid around and over the head. Her lips clamped down about halfway down my shaft and she sucked hard, pulling the syrup into her mouth as she forced my cock to engorge further by the suction provided by her full lips.
With a mouthful of my cock under the table she moaned heavily, vibrating my rod in her mouth, expressing her satisfaction of giving me pleasure.
"Oh shit!" I said out loud, realizing after it came out that the couple in our room was probably within earshot of that. I didn't look, trying to focus on the little brunette sucking for all she's worth, perched under the table.
Her head now bobbed up and down the length of my cock, sucking my head hard and taking in all she could. I watched her, her lips smearing with her own saliva, as well as a little sticky maple syrup as she skillfully slid my pole in and out of her hot mouth.
Her tongue tickled and flicked the head as she nearly pulled it out with each upstroke, only to take my breath away as she slowly lowered her head again, taking in as much as she could. I felt her hand begin to twist up and down as she stroked my shaft. Soon her hand movement was duplicated by her mouth, as she picked up her pace on my cock.
She pulled her head off for a second, and from under the table I heard her moaning something to me, "give your syrup stud, I want your sweet batter for dessert!"
My eyes surveyed the restaurant for a second, no one was close. The server and kitchen staff seemed consumed with their work, and the couple a few tables away were engrossed in their own conversation.
Tina's mouth was now urgently sucking me into her mouth. She slurped audibly a couple of times, and I hoped she wouldn't be heard. This was insane, getting an amazing blow job in the middle of a restaurant where anyone could see us! This entire experience was proving too much, and I felt my orgasm quickly approaching.
Suddenly, and nearly without warning, my balls tightened and I erupted into her mouth. My warm seed flooding her tonsils as the head pumped spurt after spurt while she held the head gently between her lips. Her little hand stroked my shaft lightly, but quickly, pumping every drop of cum past her hungry lips.
I gripped the edges so hard it must have nearly broken in half; my body gave up complete control to my wife's sister under the table as my throbbing cock tensed and convulsed, emptying my orgasm out of my body and into her hot, suckling mouth.
She continued stroking me into her mouth until she was sure she'd gotten all her treat. She let my cock out of her warm embrace long enough to swallow I guessed, and then gently licked and sucked the head clean, ensuring she'd gotten all her snack, and making sure she didn't have any maple syrup along my shaft. Then she and stuffed me back into my jeans returned to her seat next to me, gently patting my cock through my jeans again.
"I don't normally eat dessert after breakfast," she whispered into my ear, "but thank you, it was delicious!"
All I could do was smile as I caught my breath; seconds later our server was at our table asking if she could get us anything else at all. I had never been so confident in my answer that I was 'completely satisfied' and was just looking for the check so we could be on our way. The server looked at me quizzically, probably wondering why I had such a stupid grin on my face as I answered her, maybe trying to determine if I was being sarcastic or not. Tina was quietly acting as a 'lady' again, as if she had not been just slobbering all over my tool moments earlier.
I paid for breakfast and we made our way back to the truck, all the while I thought of how ridiculously lucky I am to have these two sexually charged sisters in my life. Knowing Ann would have some sort of plan for me tonight, I wondered how it would all play out. Whatever she had in mind, it was sure to be a pleasurable experience for all.
We pulled out of the parking lot of the restaurant and got back on the arterial road that would take us back to our community after our 'interesting' breakfast outing. My mind still reeled in slight disbelief of what Tina had just pulled off. She could be so spontaneous, I thought, just like her sister! The nerve it must have taken for her to pleasure me in the middle of the restaurant! I smiled thinking about my good fortune.
"Fuck, I'm so horny right now!" Tina exclaimed suddenly. I glanced over as she slid a hand into her skin tight jeans, removing her hand again quickly and sinking two soaking wet fingers into my mouth.
"Strawberries!' I cried out, and yanked the truck into a deserted bank parking lot, slamming the brakes and throwing the truck into park. We were right by the side of the road in front of the bank, and if there were any security cameras on the parking lot, they were sure to get a good show, but I didn't care.
I unbuckled my seatbelt, as Tina quickly unbuckled hers. I was in no mood for taking it slow now, and neither was she as she helped to pull her black jeans off with her tiny little pink thong down to her ankles and over one foot. She turned sideways, leaning against the door and quickly spread her legs for me, exposing her pink, bald pussy, soaking wet from her own juices.
She looked like such a slut, laying here in the early morning sunlight, legs spread, just begging me to take her to that orgasmic place; her hands immediately found her clit and she began furiously rubbing herself in front of me. It was too much, and I wanted another taste.
I lowered my head and my tongue dove into her soaked cunt. I shoved my tongue inside her, fucking her roughly with it for a few strokes. Her pussy responded by coating my tongue in her sweet juice, I continued for a second or two and then slid it through her pink slit. She moaned as I slipped my hot tongue through her swollen lips, and finally reaching the tiny spot she desperately wanted me and began frantically thrashing my tongue over her clit.
"Oh fuck!' she exclaimed, and pushed her sweater and bra up over her perfect, perky little breasts and began rubbing her already very hard, pink nipples. "Yes, baby, lick my pussy, make me cum!"
My tongue lashed out over her throbbing button, I reached up with my fingers and spread her lips apart and pulling her hood back, allowing me direct access to her clit. Hard and throbbing under my tongue her tiny little organ sending electrical impulses throughout her body as I ravished the poor girl with my mouth.
"Oh shit, oh fuck, yes!' she cried out!
I continued hammering her quivering flesh with my frantic pace, spreading her lips with one hand, I lowered a finger to the entrance to her pussy. I gently slid it inside her slowly as my tongue danced over her clit. My finger found the little spongy area of her g spot and began applying pressure as I stroked my finger within her.
"Oh fuck, yes, don't stop, oh fuck!" she cried out!
I stopped licking for a moment, my finger continuing its caresses inside her wet cunt. "You like this, my little slut?"
"Oh fuck yes!' she grunted, panting now, loud enough for anyone outside the truck to hear.
"I loved the way you swallowed my cum in the restaurant, tell me you're my little slut!" I moaned back at her, and lowered my head, flicking my tongue over her clit again madly.
"Oh shit, Scott, I'm your little slut, I loved sucking your cock, I love the taste of your cum!" She grunted breathlessly, now nearly yelling, "Make me cum for you! Make my hungry pussy explode for you baby!"
This only encouraged me to quicken my pace on both her clit with my tongue and inside her with my finger. I ravaged her pussy like a man possessed, obsessed with this woman's pending orgasm.
I slid another finger inside her, pumping her with two fingers inside her sopping pussy as my tongue thrashed wildly over her throbbing hard little clit.
"Oh yes, yes, oh, I am so close!" she wailed.
I pulled one of my fingers out, beginning to tickle her puckering little asshole as the other was buried inside her working over her magic spot. Her pussy was streaming with her own fluids now. Her breathing increased rapidly now, she began grunting with every breath, humping her hips on my fingers and face as she neared her climax. I knew she was close, and thrust my finger into her tight little starfish.
"Unnngghhhhhhh!' she grunted out in total ecstasy!
Her ass and pussy both clamped down on my fingers as I sucked her pussy lips into my mouth, just as she exploded, sending a stream of sweet girl cum into my mouth. Her body convulsed, and I swallowed as I looked up at her, she was pulling on her nipples hard as she exploded again, my mouth accepting another torrent of her warm and fruity juice.
"Unnnngghhhh!" she grunted again "Fuck yes!'
I sucked and swallowed over again, and over again, as she continued to pump her cunt juice past my lips into my waiting mouth. Each time, her ass and pussy clamped down on my fingers buried inside her. Finally, after what seemed like a full minute of her gushing and grunting, her orgasm began to subside. I gently removed my fingers and after making sure I hadn't wasted a drop, pulled my face from her gash.
She pulled me up and kissed me passionately, tasting herself on my lips and in my mouth. "Mmm," she groaned, "I do taste sweet don't I?"
"Just like strawberries baby," I moaned back at her. She took my fingers and jammed both of them into her mouth, hungrily sucking her own juices off them. She licked and sucked her lips loudly as I pulled my body back from her.
She laid there, legs splayed out, gently caressing her breasts and tight tummy for a long while, staring at me as I watched her. She was obviously incredibly content as she gazed at me lovingly.
"I can see what Ann keeps you around," she said quietly, a satisfied smile crossing her face, "I'm just glad she's sharing," her voice drifted off as she began to sit up, pulled her sweater back down and she struggled to get her tiny thong and tight jeans back on while in the confines of the passenger seat.
When she was ready, she leaned over and kissed me gently on the cheek, "Take me home stud, we have work to do."
I smiled at her, and backed out of our parking space here at the bank, and headed toward home. We did have a lot of work to do before the party. We drove in silence all the way home, each of us enjoying our relaxed states. I doubted this silly grin was leaving my face for the rest of the day.