This is another one of my short stories that is absolutely true. I was sitting in the waiting area having two new tires installed to replace my front two. I had my infamous see thru shorts on with my 20 rings around my balls.
Now, lets get started. I was sitting on a chair with a magazine facing the glass window out to the parking area. I saw this black lady in a car sitting on the passenger side. She had a perfect view of me.
I let my balls fall out of my shorts with the rings on. I was watching the lady. All she had to do was look my way. After about a minute or so passed, she finally looked thru the glass window into the store.
It didn't take long for her to see my balls. She couldn't take her eyes off of them.
A few minutes later, another black lady walked up to the car and got in. She started the car and backed out.
I thought that was the end of this escape. But wait a minute, the car pulled back in the parking space. Both ladies were looking through the glass window at my balls.
A short time later, the lady driving the car, got out and walked into the store. I was thinking oh oh, this could turn out to be bad.
The lady, after entering the store, walked right over and sat down in a chair next to me.
She said "Hi there. My friend and I like what we saw hanging out of your shorts."
She looked down at my balls and said "We have never seen metal rings on balls before. Doesn't that hurt?"
I said "No, I have been wearing these rings for about ten years. I have to admit when I first started wearing them, it did hurt. Actually, it hurt alot."
She said "I think they look sexy. My friend outside said the the same thing."
I said "Yes, a lot of ladies have said the same thing. Thank you for saying so."
She said "My name is Lola and my friend outside in the car is Darla."
I said "My name is Ben and I'm glad I met you. I like ladies like you looking at my balls. I can see Darla is still looking."
Lola said "Oh, so you let your balls hang out on purpose so we could see them? We thought maybe they just fell out without you knowing."
Ben said "Nope, I let them hang out on purpose. I hope you don't mind?"
Lola said "No, not at all, but this does change things."
Ben said "How so?"
Lola said "We were thinking maybe you could show more. Now I think you will say yes, maybe you would like to let us see everything."
Ben said "I would like to take my shorts off and let you see everything, but not here."
Lola said "I understand, not everyone would like that. You could get in trouble."
I said "When you got out of your car and came inside, I thought things were going bad. When you sat down next to me, I had no idea which way this was going to go."
Lola said "Wow, you must of been really scared. I'm glad I spoke first, I bet that took a load off of you."
Ben said "It sure did. You know Lola, you are a fascinating lady. What would you like me to do for you?"
Lola said "I would like you see you naked and wouldn't mind watching you cum."
I said "I be glad to walk around naked in your house with my dick hard. I wouldn't mind cumming too."
Lola said "When will your car be done?"
Ben said "I don't know, but I can go find out. I'll be right back. Please wait, don't leave."
Lola said "Don't worry. I'll wait right here."
I got up and walked over to the counter and asked "How much longer until my car's done?"
He turned around and looked and then turned to me and said "He's pulling your car out now."
I said "Can I pay now?"
He said "I'm sorry, I don't have your bill yet. it won't be long."
I walked over to Lola and said "They just pulled my car out. I'm waiting for the bill."
Lola said "Okay. When you get your car follow us to our house, it's only a few blocks away."
Ben said "I can do that. Are there anyone else there besides you two?"
Lola said "Nope. It's just me and Darla."
I said "That sounds great. I think the mechanic just brought in my bill. I will be right back."
I got up and walked to the counter. He told me the amount. I paid the bill. He pointed where my car was.
I said "Thank you" and got my keys. I walked over to Lola and said "I'm ready."
Lola said "Okay, go get in your car and follow us."
I walked outside and got in my car and followed Lola and Darla to their house. She showed me where to park.
I followed them inside their house. Lola asked "Ben, would you like anything to drink?"
I said "Not right now, thank you."
Lola said "Ben, Darla thought of our good friends who live next door who would probably enjoy this too. Would it be okay if we invite them over?"
I said "I assume they are both ladies?"
Lola said "Yes, both of them are ladies."
I said "Okay, good. I don't mind."
Lola said "Okay. Go ahead and call them Darla."
Darla got on the telephone and called them. Darla talked for less than a minute and hung up. She said "They will be right over."
Lola said " Great. So Ben, what are you going to do for us?"
Ben said "Are you going to serve any snacks or drinks? If so, I be glad to serve them naked with my dick hard."
Lola said "Yes, I can do that. Come with me to the kitchen. I don't want Mary and Sandy see you let. Lets keep this a surprise."
I got up and follow her to the kitchen. Lola opened the cupboard and grabbed some salteen crackers and Ritz crackers.
Lola said "Mary and Sandy are here, I can hear them. Stay here, let me make sure no one comes into the kitchen. I will be right back."
After she left I took all my clothes off and start stroking my dick. They will like my nine inch hard dick and my ball rings. I kept stroking trying to get my dick hard.
Lola came back into the kitchen and looks right at my semi hard dick and balls.
She said "I had no idea you have such a big dick. Let me help you get it hard."
I said "Yes, that would be nice."
Lola grabbed my dick and started stroking it. It was getting hard. She stops and said "Come closer to me."
Lola sat down on a chair. I got closer to her. She grabbed my dick and started sucking it.
I was getting hard fast. She was good sucking it and it felt great. My dick was getting close to being rock hard. I said "That's enough Lola, I'm rock hard."
Lola said "You have a really nice dick. The ladies out there are going to love it. Are you ready to make your grand appearance?"
I said "I'll be ready when you're ready."
She said "Good, lets make some snacks now, you want to help?"
I said "Sure, what can I do?"
Lola said "I will get what we need from the frig."
She walks to frig and pull the door open. She got some cheese and brought it to the table.
I started slicing the cheese and she put the cheese on the crackers. She arranged the crackers on the platter. We got done in less than 10 minutes.
Lola said "Stay here until I call you. Bring the snacks in first and put them on the coffee table."
Ben said "Okay, snacks on the coffee table."
Lola said "Walk past each lady rubbing your dick thru their hair then go back to the kitchen and be ready for the beer call."
I said "That sounds like fun, I can do that." I started stroking my dick to keep it hard. Lola was watching.
Lola said as she was watching me stroke my dick "I could suck your dick right now until you cum in my mouth, maybe later."
Ben said "I like ladies watching me stroke until my cum shoots from my dick. Do you have a shot glass?"
Lola said "Yes, right over here." She picks one up and hands it to me.
I take and put it on the counter I say "I like drinking my cum. No use waisting it."
Lola said "What if one of us want to drink your cum?"
I said "It's never happened before. Actually, I've had women who didn't like watching me drink my cum."
Lola said "There's always a first time."
I said "I won't hold my breath. Anyway, what about the beers?"
Lola explained to me how to deliver the beers.
I said "Okay, lets get started." Lola left. I was still stroking my dick keeping it hard.
I heard Lola call out for the snacks.
I was getting excited, stroking my dick and keeping it hard. Four ladies are going to watch me when I walk in there naked. I picked up the platter and walked into the living room.
The ladies were talking and didn't see me enter. I walked over to Lola and laid the platter on the coffee table. They were looking at me now, staring at my hard dick and rings on my balls.
Lola grabbed my dick and started sucking it.
I said "That feels nice Lola."
Lola stopped and said "You have a nice dick and it is so big. I love your balls too."
I said "Thank you Lola. Enjoy the snacks."
I walked out of the living room to the kitchen. I could hear the ladies talking about how big my dick is and they all loved the rings on my balls.
A minute or less, I heard Lola call for a beer.
I went to the frig and took one beer out. I popped the cap, gave my dick a few strokes kept it rock hard and I walked backed into the living room again.
I walked to Lola again. All eyes were on me. I handed the beer bottle to Lola. She gave a few more strokes. As I left, all the ladies were looking at my hard dick and balls as I walked back to the kitchen.
A few moments later, I heard Lola call for another beer.
I went back to frig and got another cold beer. I popped the top and went back to the living room.
I said "Darla here's your beer." I stopped in front of Darla and inched closer to her until my hard dick was only a couple inches from her mouth.
Darla said "I really love your balls and your dick is really big and thick."
Darla grabbed my balls and lifted them up and said "Damn, they are heavy, doesn't that hurt? Are you sure you are not doing something bad to your balls?"
I said "No Darla, it doesn't hurt. I have been wearing rings around my balls for 10 years now. It did hurt when I first started wearing them."
I did show them to my doctor and she said "As long as you don't have pain in this area" taking her finger and feeling up at the top of my ball sac, "everything will be okay."
I said "She checks my balls and the area around them every six months. So far, everything is okay."
I said "That made me feel better. I haven't had any pain here" pointing to the area where the doctor did.
"So Darla, you can do whatever you want to my balls."
Darla said "Enough talk about your balls, lets take care of your big dick. I bet your doctor likes your big dick?"
I said "She never said anything about that."
Darla said "Well that's too bad for you. Let me take a look" and grabbed my big hard dick and stroked it. "I bet you like that?"
I said "Yes, that feels good."
Darla said "What about this?" and started sucking my dick. "I bet this feels good too?" and continued sucking it.
I said "Yes, that feels pretty good Darla, but that is enough for now, okay?"
Darla kept sucking. After a few seconds, she stopped.
Darla said "There is one more thing about your dick Ben. Yes. its hard, big and has a huge width. It's also very sexy, and that my dear, is the most important thing."
Ben said "Thank you Darla, that's real nice of you to say that."
I looked at Mary and Sandy and said "You two are next. Lola, would you please come in the kitchen with me?"
Lola said "Sure Ben" and got up and followed me into the kitchen.
Lola said "That went well, don't you think?"
I said "Yes, very well. Darla was sweet."
Lola said "She surprised me after she stopped sucking your dick."
I said "Yes, it surprised me too. But what about Mary and Sandy?"
Lola said "I don't know. You can just bring in two beers and then finish up. I don't know, do what you want, okay?"
"Lets do the same thing and see what happens."
Lola said "Okay, that's good. I'll go back out there now."
Lola left. Ben started stroking his dick to keep it hard. I go to the frig and take another bottle. I open it up and walked back to the living room.
I saw Mary and walked towards her. I stood in front of her.
Mary said "Your dick looks really nice. Hard and strong is how I like dicks."
I said "Thank you Mary. What do you have in mind?""
Mary said "I would like stroking your dick and play with your balls. I like to squeeze them if that's okay?"
Ben thought none of these women know that my balls can be squeezed as hard as they want and it wouldn't bother me at all.
Ben said to Mary " Squeeze as hard as you want Mary, I don't care. Go ahead."
Mary said "Okay big boy, when I squeeze a man's balls, they fall to their knees begging me to stop."
I said "I'm ready, go ahead."
The other three ladies all got up and walked over for a closeup look.
Mary said "Okay, here I go."
Mary wrapped both of her hands around my balls and squeezed as hard as she could. She looked at the smile on my face and got tired and let go.
Mary said "Let me try again."
Lola said "Mary you said you wouldn't do this, but you did anyway and you got beat girl. You tried and failed."
Mary said "I didn't have a good grip. Let me have one more try."
Ben said "I don't care Lola, let her try again. Believe me, she won't succeed. A lot of women have tried."
Mary said "Okay Ben, here I go."
Mary grabbed my balls with her right hand and squeezed as hard as she could. She switched hands and tried again. Nothing, fuck, it can't be. She tried with both hands and squeezed with everything she had but still nothing but his fucking smile.
Mary gave up and said "Why doesn't that hurt?"
I said "It doesn't hurt because my ball rings some how stop the pain. I don't know for sure. Next time I see my doctor, I will ask her."
Lola said "Okay Ben, you're done with Mary. Go bring in the last beer for Sandy."
Ben said "Okay" and walked back to the kitchen.
Ben was thinking his dick is not hard, just another couple of strokes, his dick will get it hard again. Oh good, I can feel the blood flow, yelp it's getting hard. My balls don't hurt at all, I'm ready to go.
Yes, it's rock hard again. I walk to the frig and get the final beer for Sandy. I pop the top and head back to the living room and walk straight to Sandy.
Sandy takes the beer and said "Thank you Ben. I don't need anything else. Thanks anyway."
I said "Okay Sandy." I walked back to the kitchen and got me a beer and the shot glass. My dick is still hard so back to the living room I went.
There was one chair left that was next to Lola. I decided to stay standing so the ladies kept looking. I started stroking my dick which they all watched.
Lola stood up and said "Ben is going to give us a good show. So if you don't want to watch, now is the time to leave or do whatever you want to do."
Sandy spoke "Can I ask what he is going to do?
Lola said "Sure. He's going to stroke until he cums. If you notice, he has a shot glass. He will cum in the shot glass."
Sandy said "That sounds okay."
Lola said "What about you Mary?"
Mary said "Hell yea I like to see cum shoot from that big dick of his into that shot glass. What are you going to do with the cum in the shot glass?"
Lola said "Ben will drink the cum unless one of us want to. Ben has told me that he has done this many, many times and no lady has ever taken the shot glass and drank it."
Mary said "Well, I will be the first lady to do it. I don't mind the taste of cum."
Lola said "I was thinking to do that too."
Darla said "Me too. I like cum. I know cum tastes different from each guy but I've gotten use to that."
Lola said "Well Sandy what about you? Do you want some of Ben's cum?"
Sandy said "Well maybe I will. If you three want too, so will I."
Mary said "I volunteered first so I should be the one."
Lola said "No, everyone should get a chance. Maybe we all can. We each use a spoon. Looks like to me, Ben got you ladies as horny as hell."
Lola said "Ben, when was the last time you cum?"
Ben said "A couple weeks or so."
Lola said "So that means you might fill a shot glass around half full or a little more."
Ben said "Yes, I will fill a shot glass at least half full. Lola, you can squeeze my dick and get more cum. I have a 9 inch dick and it will be full so yes a half fill shot glass, maybe more."
Lola said "What do you all think?"
Mary said "I think only one should get to swallow Ben's cum."
Lola said "Sandy, Darla, what do you think?"
Darla said "That much cum Ben said he has is too much for me."
"Sandy, what do you think?"
Sandy said "I agree with Darla. I have an idea though. Let me go first since I just want a little bit."
Darla said "Yea me too, but a little more than Sandy."
Lola said "I definitely want a spoonful. That leaves the most for Mary."
Mary said "I'll go for that. So Ben, that leaves it up to you."
Ben said "If you ladies didn't come to an agreement, I would of taken it all."
Lola said "We did though, so lets see what you can do. Start stroking that big dick you have and shoot your cum into the shot glass."
Ben said "I'm ready."
The ladies moved the chairs in a semi circle. They all sat so they were about a foot from my dick and at the same height. My dick got hard without touching it.
I said "You ready ladies?"
They all said "Yes."
I started stroking my dick. It felt great four ladies sitting down and looking at my hard dick while I was stroking it. Lola had the shot glass ready to catch my cum in it. She is the one who will squeeze my dick to get all the cum from it.
Mary said "It's nice watching you stroke your dick. To bad you can't shoot your cum in my mouth. That's what I want."
Lola said "Yes that would be nice. Stroke that dick hard Ben."
Ben said "It takes me a little while. It would be faster when someone sucks my dick."
Mary said "I will, bring your dick here."
Lola said "No Mary, we all want to see his cum shoot out of his dick.
I said "I'm getting there. I like it alot you ladies are sitting there and looking at my dick and balls while I'm stroking it. You know what, Mary why don't you stroke my dick for me."
Mary said "Yes, bring it over here."
Mary grabbed my dick with her right hand and my balls with her left hand and squeezed my balls. She started stroking my dick and squeezing my balls.
i said "I like that Mary, squeeze my balls hard, that will help me cum."
Mary said "I like squeezing your balls. Put your dick in my mouth."
I said "You will stop when I say so."
Mary said "Okay, I promise. So put your dick in my mouth."
I slid my hard dick as far as I could in her mouth until she stopped me.
I said "You can't take my whole dick in your mouth?"
Mary stopped and let my dick fall out of her mouth and she said "I can take normal size dicks but not a monster size dick like yours."
I said "If you take normal size dicks the right way, you can take any size dicks."
Mary ignored me and started sucking my dick again. She was thinking his dick is not just long but fucking wide. She had enough and took his dick out of her mouth.
Ben said "You had enough Mary?"
Mary said "Yes, your dick is too wide for my mouth, it was starting to hurt a bit."
I said "Are you okay?"
Mary said "Yes, I'm fine. Thank you for asking."
Ben said "Im glad you are okay."
"Let me get stroking again. Anyone else like to stroke my dick or suck on it?
Darla said "I like to stroke your dick. I want to wrap my hand around your dick."
I said while walking in front of her "Go ahead and start stroking it, lets see if you can make me cum."
Darla grabbed my dick and began stroking it and said "My hand can't reach around your dick." I licked my tongue up under his dick head and then took his dick head in my mouth.
I was watching Darla and so were the other ladies.
I said "Darla, you are doing really great. If you keep doing that you will have a mouthful of cum."
Darla stopped and said "You don't want to do that" and stopped sucking.
When she stopped sucking my dick, I immediately started stroking it. I said to Lola "Get the shot glass ready."
Lola got up and stood next to me. Lola had the shot glass under my dick so I could shoot my loads of cum into the shot glass.
Ben said "Okay ladies I'm close, Lola, I can feel it. Here it comes." The first load went into the shot glass, the second and third shot into the glass.
Mary said "That looks great, keep the cum going. The glass is already half full."
Ben said "Here comes more." Two more shots went into the glass, one more and Ben said "That's it."
Lola stroked his dick to see if Ben can shoot more loads "Come on Ben, you can do it, come on."
Ben said "Yes, I can feel more, ohhh yea, that felt good. Two more huh."
Lola said "Yes, the shot glass is 3/4 full. Let me squeeze your dick and see how much more we can get "
Lola said "Sandy, get you butt over here and suck his dick. You will only get a small bit."
Sandy came over and grabbed my dick and slid it in her mouth.
Lola squeezed Ben's dick. I saw Sandy swallow his cum. She took her mouth off of his dick and said "That was a lot more than a spoon full."
Lola said "Are you alright?"
Sandy said "I got a little more than a spoon full, but I liked it. It wasn't bad at all."
Lola said "Good Sandy. Darla, you're next."
Darla said "I will do the some thing Sandy did. Let me suck his dick."
Darla sucked his dick and Lola squeezed Ben's dick again.
Darla swallowed that and got one more squirt and said "That's enough."
Lola said "Darla, you need more, so suck his dick dry, do it now."
Darla said "Okay, I didn't get that much anyway." She had Ben's big dick in her mouth again while Lola was squeezing Ben's dick until it was dried.
Lola said "Did you get enough Darla?"
Darla said "Yes. I got plenty, maybe a spoon full or a bit less."
Lola said "Okay," she decided to squeeze his dick as hard as she could. A little glob oozed out. She licked that up and squeezed one more time and just a little came out which she took care of.
Lola took the shot glass which was a little over 3/4 full. She got a spoon full of cum and swallowed that. The spoon was cleaned and she said "His cum tastes pretty good."
Darla said "Okay Mary, Here is the shot glass and it's more than 1/2 full of cum. Drink it up."
Mary took the shot glass and raised it in the air. She brought the shot glass back down to her mouth and tipped it over and the cum flowed into her mouth. A few seconds later, she used her tongue to clean out the cum from the inside of the shot glass.
Mary said "It's all clean. Very good cum."
Lola said "That is fresh cum Mary."
Mary said "Yes it was and it had a pretty good taste."
Ben said "I read that what you eat effects the taste of cum. I eat a lot of Vanilla ice cream. I wonder if that is what you're tasting."
Mary said "Maybe so, hard to say, I liked it though. I would like another shot glass full of cum."
Ben said "Maybe next time, I will let you take it straight from my dick, every drop. My dick must not have any cum on it."
Ben was walking around letting the ladies look at his semi hard dick and said "I could come over again if you and Lola would like that?"
Lola said "That would be very nice. You could walk around the house naked. It definitely would be better if you kept your dick hard. We get lots of visitors everyday and I'm sure they would like it."
I said "Lets plan on that. What day do you get the most visitors?"
Lola said "Let me think. What do you think Darla?"
Darla said "Bridge night for sure when it's our week. Not counting bridge night, it will probably be Thursday."
Lola said "Yes. Friday night bridge is best. When is our next Bridge night Darla?"
Darla said "Are you losing you brain or do you have Ben's dick on your mind? Not this week, next Friday is our Bridge night."
Darla said "Bridge night is our best time. There will be eight ladies. Us four and four more."
Ben said "What time does everyone get here?"
Darla said "Sandy and Mary walk over here around 6:45 and the other four get here at 7:00 or there abouts. The games start around 7:15, but with you here naked and hard, who knows when we start. Do you play Bridge Ben?"
Ben said "The times you play are good for me and yes I play Bridge."
Darla said "We been needing a sub because it seems like someone every week can't make it."
Ben said "So I can be you sub?"
Darla said "Yea, you can stay naked or stay dressed whatever you want."
Ben said "What do your four think is best?"
Lola said "We all like you to stay naked."
Ben said "Well you know I like to stay naked so I guess I'll play naked."
Darla said "Yes, that would be nice."
Ben said "Mary, what do you and Sandy think about this?"
Mary said "Both of us agree, play naked. I just thought of something. When we finish playing bridge, Ben can jack off. I'm sure everyone would like that."
Lola said "What do you think Ben?"
Ben said "I would love to do that. Seven or eight ladies watching would be fun."
Lola said "Okay, lets plan on that."
Mary said "Ben, why do you like staying naked and hard and like everyone seeing cum shoot from your dick?"
Ben said "Because, I'm a exhibitionist."
Mary said "Yes, of course you are. I would love having a boyfriend or husband being an exhibitionist."
Ben said "Why would you want a husband who was an exhibitionist?"
Lola said "I would like that too. My reason is like now. During bridge, I would have you serve beers and snacks naked and hard for all my friends to see. I would let them do a few strokes when serving."
Ben said "I doubt that. If we were married, you wouldn't allow it."
Lola said "You don't know me. I would want my friends to see that nine or ten inch dick you got. It's not just length but the width. Your dick is plain Big."
Mary said "The same goes for me."
Ben said "My first wife was kind of like that. We went to a Halloween party once and she had me go as a nudist, completely naked with a bow around my dick. Her two sisters were there and so was their mother."
Mary said "Did they see you?"
Ben said "Her mother and sisters were standing next to me all night."
Ben said "I remember another time. We went to an adult store, I went naked. That was fun."
"I remember when we went to an adult clothes store. My wife had me put on a G-String with a light inside. When the light was on, the G-String was see thru. She couldn't turn the light off."
Ben said "A lady that worked there came over and asked 'Is there a problem' while looking at my dick."
My wife said "Yes, I can't turn that damn light off."
The lady said "Let me try." She pulled the G-String out and put her hand inside rubbing my dick and tried to turn off the light.
The lady said "Something is wrong with this, he needs to take the G-String off."
My wife said "Okay, go ahead Ben and take it off." I slid the G-Sting off and handed it to the store lady.
Mary said "I would of done the same string. I wonder if they still make those G-Strings?"
Ben said "Probably. That lady was looking at my dick and balls instead of fixing the light in the G-String."
Mary said "Your ex wife let you have fun."
I said "Another good one. We went to party where everyone had to wear something made of leather That night my leather was a leather 3 inch ball stretcher. My wife was sitting with 7 of her best friends."
Ben said "Let me think. Yes, one of her friends asked what I was wearing made of leather?"
"My wife said 'Take off your pants and show them', so I did. They all liked my 3 inch ball stretcher. I walked around the rest of the night with just a shirt on so everyone could see."
Ben said "There were so many things my ex wife got me naked for, so many."
Lola said "I would of done all that and probably a lot more."
I said "Maybe you would. The bridge night sounds like fun. I will need you Lola and all of you to find reasons for me to get up so I could walk around naked so those four ladies could watch."
Lola said "We will, definitely. We will find reasons."
I said "Okay, that could be fun. Well, ladies I guess I need to get going. Lola, can I please have your home number so I can call you?"
Lola said "Sure Ben. Let me write it down for you. Here you are."
"Ben said "Thank you. I'll be looking forward playing bridge with you naked or clothed."
Lola said "We will be looking forward too. I'm sure you will be playing naked." She kissed Ben on the cheek and so did the other three ladies.
Lola said "Here's your clothes."
Ben said "Thank you" and put them on. He said "Goodby" and left.
The bridge night will be another short story.