Tonight was finally upon her, Amelia had waited exactly a month at midnight tonight of toiling through her Amelia Bedila punishment; for being such a rotten girl the last time she had been instructed to play for master. Worse than that, she had given attitude and had pointed out very logical and simple things when she was instructed to pee in the cooler and such. While the logic was sound and all was within the parameters of saving master time and effort; it had still been a bad choice of words at the time. She had also been a bit punchy over the girls using their strap on's on her instead of the boys fucking her silly and filling her brandy glass full of cum like they were supposed to. Amelia had spent the past month writing out her punishment and making the arrangements and buying the outfits to please master; his silly desire for a slut in a French maids outfit and seamed stockings and d'orsay heels had been costly on her budget, but she had promised to make up for her failings.
Of course it had been master's fault for not having Amelia put her monthly cycle time in on her calendar to him so that he had an idea of each month when "shark week" would arrive. Master had no problem with putting her face down over the tub edge and using her in that manner and if they rented a room with a hot tub that was fillable and time, none of the other men that he had over would either. A bit of warning would have saved a few people a bit of time however. It just meant that for the rest of the night when this occurred, her ass was filled multiple times instead of her craven cunt.
Amelia carefully put the maid hat and the soft feather duster in the doctors bag with the other items that master had her keep in her kit, the speculums and the N'joy butt plugs in medium and large. The inflatable butt plugs were in the main kit at his house and she was responsible for any of the stainless steel items. After each use there was a clean up in the bathroom and then a sanitizing wash in the dishwasher. During the past month she was denied use of any of her plugs or her vibrating panties when on dates with master and she had been put on a no orgasm restriction that had been incredibly hard. Master had caught her twice at night when away from him with a digital recorder that turned on at the slightest noise. She now had to be on skype with master and lock it into the box he had sent her after she had turned it on; before she went to bed. He allowed for some of the grinding and some of the moaning and sub conscious actions that happened as her month of punishment had gone on. She had been denied a pussy full of cum, any blow jobs were finished on her tits and she had to shower it off and she was only able to enjoy anal bareback with master the past month. Amelia was thankful that master had a vasectomy before his retirement and that he did retire so young; but her pussy was aching for the come it deserved at this point. Not being on birth control with this sex drive was turning out to be a curse for punishment for her, she would remember in the future that these actions added up to things that occurred.
Tonight because of the month long sojourn from vaginal sex and swallowing cum, master had said that he was going to have a small and intimate party with only a few other men over. He had arranged for female condoms for her to put in and to empty the come from immediately. She was not going to be allowed to swallow, ingest or have any come end up in her until the clock struck midnight and the month of punishment (at 30 days this time) was complete. She was hoping that the friends he invited over included one of his other military buddies with a vasectomy. She really wanted to feel several loads blast in her pussy tonight. It was a very rare and careful set of friends that could fuck her pussy and only those who would get the sterility documentation like master and have the full blood tests run were allowed to enjoy her bareback. Her nubile young body would not be subjected to child bearing until the right time and place in schooling and career were achieved and she discussed it with master. Amelia's mouth watered thinking about masters cock and his "curse" of being able to be multiply orgasmic. She knew his fetish's and desires very well and had from the start without him having to ever list them. The stockings, the manicures and pedicures and just the right red of lipstick to go against her skin tone and complement her lips, the d'orsay's showing off her arches and the fully fashioned vintage seamed hose from magnolia hosiery. When she had proven to him that she was the slave and the slut to please him; she had done so by showing him that she knew what caught his eye. Masters lips were the only lips she would kiss and master's arms at the end of the night would be the arms she would be snuggled up in.
Amelia knew that master would have set out a nice dinner for his friends and that even though she would serve the dinner and would take it all into the kitchen when done; she would be given a place at his right hand to socialize and to be shown off after the month of being punished. She had been allowed her friends and allowed her hobbies and things to occupy her while on punishment. After a year of being fucked silly and used roundly on a weekly to monthly basis, Amelia hadn't realized how soundly she enjoyed being the slut slave and cumwhore to master that she was. She started with the party girl margarita glass to fill with come over a year ago and had worked herself to the refined brandy glass that was now her come repository until she was allowed to drink it. She knew that this was a reward and a showing of confidence and belief in her. She just couldn't help being the bratty smart ass that she was at times. She really hoped that master had done the salmon dish with risotto and vegetables tonight. He always did a lighter and sweeter dinner for this occasions so that people had the energy to fuck like madmen and the protein intake to be able to blast a few loads at least.
She put her outfit to go to masters on at the last and before doing so she made sure that the garment bag containing the outfit for dinner and being fucked silly was all set. The French maid outfit had a shelf bra to it that allowed her breasts to be exposed and supported at the same time, much like an underbust corset. She had the black silk skirt shortened further so it barely covered her ass cheeks and because she didn't want scratchy crinoline on her ass or on anyone elses crotch she had it removed and some lace ruffles sewn in. The outfit with the maid hat and the white collar and black cuffs was going to be stunning. She would be allowed to put her own cuffs on her ankles carefully and not run the stockings. Master would be sure to stop things if she ran her hose tonight and she didn't know where the paddles or other toys would be hidden after the month without them. One paddling had been administered each week to remind her of what she would not receive in the coming weeks (her nightly spankings) and her hair brushings had simply been that; the wooden hair brush locked up after each night they were administered. She had been nurtured and there were no verbal reminders given to her of what she had done. The punishment had stood and master had proven that he would not back down from her punishments when Amelia bedilia came out; instead of Cinderella who could be the princess and the slut. The outfit she was wearing included the panties for the night and no bra, she hoped she would be given back some of her crotchless panties or that she would be panty free once she changed. She had no expectations at this point though. She knew that master had missed her pussy and had missed her being his cum receptacle and exhibitionist in many ways. It was as much a punishment for him as it was for her and that had given the most pain to Amelia during this past month. She hadn't been called Cinderella for that month either and she had to think of herself as Amelia during the month and not the princess that Cinderella was. She had breathed a sigh of relief when master had said "my darling cinder girl" earlier today. It meant that he was aware of how this had been a harsh punishment for bad behavior and he was going to nurture and make sure that this punishment was remember and given a sound farewell to not need repeating in the future. The day after her transgressions had been quiet ones and she had been forced to make the notes as he considered the options available. She shuddered at the thought of him paying for the reformatory in new York city for a week. She would take anything in the universe as punishment to not go there, but it was definitely where she would go the next time she transgressed. She had one friend who had been and it was not pleasant to know that her master spent the evenings with her slave friends master to await the phone call each night of the week she was gone. She had seen how grave he had been when he returned and her slave friend wasn't even allowed to talk about it with her, this gave her fear that nothing else could.
No matter thought Amelia, when she heard her master whisper in her ear "come for me Cinderella" later on tonight; her punishment would be over and she would be her masters whore again; his to share and his to enjoy and keep.