My name is Lynette, and I am a very successful businesswoman.
I have returned home and have rekindled a new business with me ex-husband - no we will not be getting back together. We have worked together before, and we were a formidable team that made lots of money: he looked after the finances and paperwork while I was the saleswoman. This partnership just works! There's no romance between us. That died years ago.
I, on the other hand, love being in relationships with men. I haven't had a serious fling for a couple of years - I was working too hard on my unsuccessful venture - but I do like playing the field.
My other assets are my natural D-cup breasts. I have often been asked whether I have had some work done to my breasts as they have always been firm and pert. They used to be even firmer than they are now. I suppose that is just a reflection of age as I slowly approach forty-years-old.
I am also a very spiritual person. When I connect with people, I tend to form deep, empathetic relationships. Some people think that I can read minds. It's just that I can really sense other people's moods and thoughts.
I had the neighbour's son over for dinner last night, and afterwards, he stayed the night with me. We had some fantastic sex, and I had drifted off to sleep with my neighbour's son's impressive, hard cock buried deep inside me.
GETTING UP
I slowly drifted awake. It was so lovely to be waking up next to Mathew.
There is a small on-suite bathroom attached to my bedroom, and I decided a nice warm shower would wake me up. Once the water had heated up, I went in and dreamed about last night.
I am a slave to habit, and the first thing I do when I have a long shower is washing my hair. I wet my hair and lathered up my special shampoo.
I heard, rather than saw, the shower door open as my eyes were closed to stop the shampoo stinging my eyes. I felt Mathew nestle up next to me. The boy was obviously still excited as I could feel his hard-on pressing into my back.
Mathew took over massaging my head. I succumbed to these warm feelings and leant back into him.
Mathew took the shower head off its bracket and used it to brush out the shampoo. I was able to open my eyes as he had considerately held his other hand on my forehead to prevent the soap suds washing over my face.
I reached over a grabbed the bottle of conditioner. I handed it to Mathew and gave him a kiss at the same time. Mathew took the hint, applied a small amount of conditioner in the palm of his hand and applied it to my head.
As Mathew massaged my head, I reached down and started to stroke his growing erection.
Mathew, once again, took the shower head off its bracket and used it to brush out the conditioner. He then picked up the bar of scented soap and used it to wash the rest of me. What he did, though, was to tease my sensitive nipples, and he ensured that my smooth pussy was immaculately clean.
Mathew then pushed me up against the glass, spread my legs apart slightly and guided his hard-on into my willing, wet pussy. I had this overwhelming feeling of femininity by held by this strong, masculine young man as he fucked me from behind. I love being handled in such a way, and I enjoy the feeling of having a man wanting to fuck me just like this. I was pushing back into Mathew as he thrust himself into me.
With the water cascading over our bodies and the slipperiness of all the soap made for a very smooth, warm feeling. Mathew held me around my waist with one arm while his other hand teased my nipples.
"Oh, God. This feels good," I said. "I'm going to cum soon."
"I'm going to cum soon, too." Replied Mathew.
"I want to feel your cum inside me," I whispered into Mathew's ear. "I want to feel you fill me up."
"Oh. Lynette," mumbled Mathew. "you're so fucking hot!" he added as I felt the tell-tail signs of his cock twitching as his orgasm erupted in me. I could feel spurt after spurt of his warm seed enter me.
"Oh, that feels so nice," I breathed. "I'm cumming, too." As my body began to shake gently in orgasmic bliss.
My massive D cup boobs were squashed up against the glass and Mathew was stroking my arms and the sides of boobs as he stood there, pressing me up against the shower glass. I had come to realise that because of his youth, Mathew stayed hard for some time after he had had an orgasm. He also had this incredible tendency to remain buried deep inside me after he had cum which was something I really enjoyed: it made me feel spiritual, as well as physically, connected to him as we both came down from our mutual orgasm.
I reluctantly broke this connection first as I had a busy day planned. I quickly rinsed myself off as I said, "You finish your shower, and I'll get dressed."
I dried off and put on my short bathrobe. A few minutes later, Mathew came out and joined me in my bedroom. I went over and smooched up to him. Stroking his still-hard erection. I asked, "Do you still want to come on the road trip with me?"
"You bet I do," Mathew replied with a grin.
"Why don't you go back home and get dressed for a day trip," I asked. "I want to get away in about half an hour."
"Ok," he said.
Once Mathew had left, I was free to get dressed. That boy was a pleasant distraction, but this was going to be a work trip. I really needed to get ready.
I decided to wear my work-site marketing attire as I had a busy day trying to make some sales.
My tits are large but firm; however, I must wear a bra to support them. My choice today was my favourite balconette bra. It offered just the right support and was as sexy as hell!
The bra I chose had a padded quarter cup with the remainder being a half cup of semi-transparent tulle fabric. The bra's quarter cup pads lifted my tits and brought them together, which really enhanced my cleavage. The tulle fabric was see-through enough that, if you were close enough, you were able to see my dark nipples.
I decided to wear a thong that matched my bra. It was called a Daisy knicker from Wicked Weasel. It was a string thong with a similar semi-transparent tulle fabric that matched my bra. If you were close enough, you could just make out my smooth pussy lips through the thin material.
I pulled out my 'sensible' heels for today. They weren't as high as most of my other shoes and had a wedge rather than stilettoes, but they still added four inches to my height. I spent about a quarter of an hour drying my hair and then stood at my dresser applying makeup.
I heard Mathew returning and soon after he had climbed the stairs to my bedroom. I could see from the reflection in my mirror that he was wearing some nice, casual clothes.
He came up behind me and held me around my waist as I continued to apply makeup. I felt him fumbled around, and the next thing I knew, he had pulled the thin string of my thong aside and began rubbing my pussy.
"Darling, I said. "Please stop distracting me. I've really got to get . . . r e a d y," as Mathew effortlessly plunged his hard cock deep inside my wet, willing pussy.
"You seem very ready," said Mathew as he continued to plunge into me.
"Ready!" I moaned. "Yes - I've - Got - To - Get - Ready." I groaned while Mathew continued to fuck me. I leant forward and pushed against my dresser. My heels had caused my pelvis to pivot up, allowing Mathew fantastic access to my aroused pussy from behind. I flexed my legs and squeezed on my pelvic floor.
"Oh, Lynette," moaned Mathew in my ear. "That feels so tight."
It was so erotic being able to see myself getting fucked in my mirror. I could see Mathew was nibbling my ear lobe as he was looking at me in the mirror with a strained look. "Oh, Darling, I whispered, "Please cum inside me again."
With that encouragement, my hot, young stud emptied his load inside me for the third time that morning.
Mathew pulled out of me as I arranged my knickers. Mathew reached around and started to rub the fabric into my pussy. "Darling," I said again. "Please stop distracting me. I've really do have to get ready."
"But you are so hot," replied Mathew.
"Oh, God!" I gasped. "Your cum has dribbled all over my knickers. They are going to be wet and see-through all day!" I love the feeling of having a man's warm cum filling my pussy, and I knew that I would have that wonderful feeling of having Mathew's cum dribble out of me all day.
Mathew's cock had begun to go flaccid, but I could see now that he was getting excited once more. "Put that thing away, or we will never go going!" I pushed him away and continued to get dressed.
I put on a short, pleated black skirt and then asked Mathew button up my white blouse. The blouse was made of thin fabric with the buttons that went up the back. This left the thin front unobstructed by buttons or buttonholes and, apart from the collar and cuffs, the blouse was very see-through.
Mathew stood behind and looked at me in the mirror. He was obviously aroused again. He commented, "You are so colour coordinated."
"How so?"
"Your pink-red lipstick matches your lovely hard, red nipples," he said as he pinched them through the two layers of see-through fabric.
I pressed back on his hard-on and wiggled my hips. "That's just how I like it."
ON THE ROAD
Mathew followed me outside to my garage, where my red sports car was parked. It was a beautiful day with the slightest of breeze blowing, so I decided to keep the retractable hardtop stowed.
Mathew stood there while I loaded three boxes into the boot.
"I love the way the wind catches your skirt and blows it up," commented Mathew. "I can see nearly everything when it does!"
"I like that, too," I replied. "Which is why I am wearing this skirt today."
"What are we actually going to be doing today? asked Mathew.
"I'll tell you during the trip," I said. "Hop in. We're off now." I sat into the driver's seat, and Mathew got in on the other side.
I live only a short distance from the motorway, so in no time we were racing along. I love the way the wind swirls around when the hardtop is down. Mathew reached over and placed his hand on my thigh and started to massage my leg as I drove up the slope of the Harbour Bridge.
It felt nice, what he was doing, so I spread my legs slightly further apart, which only encouraged Mathew to slide his hand further up my thigh.
I gasped, "Oh!" as Mathew's explorative fingers found my damp knickers. I had to keep my right foot on the accelerator - and be ready to brake - but I was able to widen my knees apart. With all the wind swirling around, though, my skirt began to flip up because of the airflow.
Mathew had pulled the gusset string of my tiny thong aside and was now rubbing his fingers up and down my pussy lips. All this was happening as I was concentrating on driving though the 'spaghetti junction' section of the Southern Motorway.
Darling, I said again. "Please stop distracting me." I need to concentrate on the traffic," I added.
I sensed a slight reluctance, but Mathew moved his hand back to my thigh and kept it there. Breaking the ice, Mathew asked, "So what are we doing today?"
"I'm off to sell sinks."
"Sinks?"
"Yes, daring. That's what I do," I replied. "I sell sinks to developers of building projects."
"You have just three sinks in the back."
"Those are samples," I explained. "If I'm successful, I will set up contracts for a few major apartment complexes."
"Who are you selling to, today?"
"I have five leads in Tauranga with the first appointment there in three hours."
"Ok. So, what do I do while you are in your meeting?"
"In total, I'll be about three hours for all my appointments," I said. "Do you have anything you could do in that time?"
"Mum's got some old family friends who live in Tauranga," Mathew replied. "Otherwise I can find something to do."
"That's great," I said, relieved. "I work best when I'm alone."
"Ok."
Some distance down the motorway is a section called the Takanini straights. I was able to set the cruise control of my car.
I had liked what Mathew had got up to before so, once I reached this section of the motorway, I lifted my butt off my seat and removed my thong completely. Mathew watched me do this, and I handed my thong to him. Mathew hung the thong over the rear-view mirror, so it was visible hanging there in the middle of the windscreen.
Taking that as a cue, Mathew's fingers continued their exploration of my damp pussy as I adjusted my posture to allow him freer access. Due to being in cruise control mode, I didn't need to keep my feet on the peddles so I was able to spread my legs further apart.
At first, Mathew just played gently with me, which was nice, but it kept me on an aroused edge for some time. I had one hand on the wheel, and I started to gently rub my hard nipples with my other hand. Mathew had arranged my skirt so that it was tucked into its belt, effectively making me look completely naked from the waist down.
Mathew sucked on two fingers to lube them up with his saliva and then he plunged them deep in my slick pussy.
"Oh, FUCK that feels good," I screamed into the wind as no one, other than Mathew, would hear.
He then reached over with his other hand to caress my other hard nipple. So, I was controlling a car on an open motorway - admittedly with light, Saturday, traffic - while both of my sensitive nipples were being teased, naked from the waist down and being masturbated by my young neighbour's son in an open convertible car.
"Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God!" I panted in time to Mathew's thrusts of his fingers. I had to concentrate on steering the car, which kept me tantalisingly close but just below the edge of cumming.
"I'm going to cum soon," I said apprehensively.
Just then we reached a straight section of uphill road that widened out to a duel-carriageway, and so I grabbed the wheel with both hands and held the car firmly on the road. "Oh, FUCK! Oh, FUCK! Oh, FUCK! Oh, FUCK!" I screamed.
Mathew increased the tempo of his fingers.
I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm CUMMING!" I screamed.
I could only just see the road ahead as wave after wave of a beautiful, intense orgasm rippled through my body. I had to grip the wheel firmly and push myself back in the seat to hold myself steady as my legs began to shake uncontrollably.
"HOOONK - HOOONK - HOOONK," boomed the horn on the truck that was level with us on the road. I looked up and saw the truck driver staring right down at me with my skirt adrift and pussy on view. "HOOONK," boomed the horn one last time as I pulled away from the truck.
Mathew still had his fingers inside me, so I had to gently push them away. He sucked them clean seductively while grinning at me.
As we drove past several other trucks, they would blow their horns as well so we must have been the talk of the radio waves this morning.
I decided to pull into a roadside café and thought it would be a good time to swap drivers. Another car pulled into the carpark with us, and our two doors opened at the same time. A young family of four got out of the vehicle, and the middle-aged father got out on the side that was facing me. I looked up after I had adjusted my skirt and realised that he had managed to see most of my charms.
I bought Mathew and me a coffee, and we sat on the cold steel chairs. My skirt is so short that when I sat down, my bare arse was on the seat. The middle-aged father sat down in such a way that he was looking straight at me. Looking him straight in the eye, and timing it so that his wife was looking the other way, I lifted one leg and spread my legs wide open. He got to see my bare pussy as my knickers were still hanging on the windscreen of the car. I got such a thrill knowing that at that point in time, it was only the two of us connected with this erotic secret.
I got up when Mathew had finished his coffee "Would you like to drive?" I asked.
"Yes, please," he answered enthusiastically.
"You have a full license?" I asked.
"Yes." He said as I tossed him the keys.
"Thanks."
KARANGAHAKE GORGE
I saw that the car with the young family of four had pulled out from the café just behind us. Mathew was more cautious than me as he drove away. I suppose it had something to do with this being a racy sports car and the fact that Mathew didn't want to scratch it.
Mathew relaxed a little after a short while, and so I decided to pay him back for teasing me earlier. I reached over and rubbed his cock through his slacks. Good, I thought, the boy is hard.
I unzipped his flies, but his cock had grown to such a size that I couldn't do anything else.
"Undo your belt," I instructed him.
"Ok," he replied eagerly.
It took a while, but eventually, Mathew's trousers were open enough for me to reach in and pull his cock out. He was nice and hard once more. I sat in my seat and began to pump his cock with my fist.
"Oh, God, Lynette. That feels good," said Mathew.
I thought I could do better than that, so I slipped my shoulder out from the seat belt and leant over and placed my lips over the head of his cock while still pumping it with my fist. I swirled my tongue around the glans of his cock.
"Oh, God. That feels good," breathed Mathew.
I felt Mathew repeatedly use his right leg to adjust the accelerator and brake, so I looked up. I saw that we had entered the Karangahake Gorge: several kilometres of the winding, narrow road.
In front of us was a slow logging truck. I looked back and saw the middle-aged father along with his wife staring back at me from the car only a small distance behind us.
There would be no room to pass that truck so we would be going through the gorge quite slowly. Bending over once more, I decided to use this as an opportunity to give Mathew a treat he would never forget.
I sucked as much of Mathew cock into my mouth and then started to bob up and down on his erection. All the while, I held to the base of his cock with my small hand.
I could feel the tension in Mathew's legs as he controlled the car in these conditions. I could also hear his breathing slow right down. I felt Mathew move my hair aside and, as I turned to face him, I saw him looking down at me. "Keep your eyes on the road!" I scalded him before continuing my assault on his cock.
Mathew then placed one hand on the back of my head as I continued to bob up-and-down. I felt the car sway left and right as Mathew negotiated the curves in the road.
When I looked up again, we were approaching the small mining town of Waihi. I sat back up but continued to pump Mathew's cock with my hand. As we drove slowly through the town, anyone could have looked in and seen me playing with the driver's hard cock in my hand. I had no idea what the middle-aged couple in the car behind us thought.
After leaving Waihi, the road straightens out. I know it was wrong, but I unclipped my seat belt and knelt on the seat to finish Mathew off. I could feel the cool wind blowing on my bare arse so I knew my skirt must be flying around.
I was now able to use both hands to pump Mathew's cock as I tightened my grip and sucked him off in sync. I used my lips and tongue to focus on his cock's sensitive head and glans.
"Oh Lynette, I'm going to cum," warned Mathew.
I gripped him even harder as I kept sucking.
"That's it, Lynette. I'm going to cum," whispered Mathew.
My mouth kept bobbing up and down on his cock.
I felt Mathew's hand grip the back of my head. "That's it! That's it! That's it."
My weak little hands were feeling quite tired, but I kept up the grip.
"Oh, FUCK. "That's it!" yelled Mathew. He pressed firmly down with his hand on the back of my head, forcing his cock deep into my mouth. His thick cum filled my throat. Mathew held me down for some time until his cock stopped twitching.
Gasping slightly, I sat up and looked behind us. I saw that the middle-aged couple's car was following us closer than usual. I licked some of Mathew's stray cum off my lips as I smiled at the father. Just then, the woman smacked him on his shoulder, and the car pulled back away from us. I had an exhilarating feeling that I would be that man's secret fantasy for some time to come.
For obvious reasons, Mathew looked drained. I suggested that we pull over and swap drivers around.
Mathew pulled into a highway rest-stop, and we swapped sides. In the process, I managed to give Mathew a very wet kiss. I had saved some of his cum in my mouth, and as our tongues met during the kiss, I shared this with him.
TAURANGA
The rest of the drive to Tauranga was reasonably uneventful. Mather had managed to contact his family friends, and so I dropped him off at a place where he was due to meet them for some lunch.
I focussed on my job at hand, which was marketing my stainless-steel sinks to project managers.
I said to Mathew that I would send him a text when I had finished with my last appointment.
THE DRIVE BACK
I picked Mathew up at about four pm. By all accounts, he had had a good day.
"Do you want to drive?" I asked.
"Yes. Ok."
Taking the car keys from me, he asked: "How were your sales?"
"Oh, good," I said. "I managed to sign-up three contracts."
"Three from five appointments. Is that good?" asked Mathew.
"It's about average," I responded. "One of the projects not to sign-up was managed by a woman."
"Why do you say that?"
"Darling. Sex sells," I said.
"What!"
"No. Not that kind of sex," I explained. "But there is a reason why I am wearing this skirt and blouse."
"Is that all it takes?"
"It works on most men," I said. "And most men think with their head."
"Their head?"
"No. Not that head!" I said. I rubbed Mathew's nearly always hard cock. "This head!" I reached for my knickers which were still hanging on the mirror. "And I 'forgot' to wear these and the wind was blowing briskly!" I said with a grin.
"Fuck. That's hot!" exclaimed Mathew as he thought with his head being massaged by my hand!
The drive home was going to take about two and a half hours, and it began to get dark after five-thirty, so I closed the hardtop. We stopped in a small-town tavern to eat a meal. I must say, I got some fascinating looks from the men, and a few of the women, in the bar.
"I'll drive from here," I said.
On the way north, we went through Karangahake Gorge without incident and then I saw what I was looking for. I had been on a sexual high all afternoon as the various project managers looked at me lustfully. It even turned me on having the female manager looking at me disagreeably. I had this overwhelming urge to fuck Mathew then and there, so I turned into a small side road in the middle of Karangahake.
Parking my car in a small, unlit carpark, I hopped out and came over to the passenger's side. I asked Mathew to get out and then bent over to fully recline the passenger seat.
"What are you doing?" asked Mathew as he fondled my wet pussy.
"Hmm," I mumbled. "That feels nice. Fuck me," as I pulled off my skirt.
"Here?"
I reached back and unbuttoned my blouse. "Help me take this off," I said to Mathew.
Mathew undid the top two buttons, and I removed my blouse, exposing my bra and scantily clad breasts. I sat on the passenger seat, lay back and repeated, "Fuck me. Please," as I rubbed my hard nipples through the thin material.
Mathew had his trousers undone and his cock out from his boxers in no-time. I spread my legs as wide as they could go in the confines of the car as Mathew climbed on top of me. I reached out and held his firm cock and guided him inside me.
We both moaned, "Oh," in unison as Mathew's cock penetrated my pussy once more. I know I have a vivacious sexual appetite, and I loved the fact that my young neighbour's son was able to keep up with me. This was the fourth time today that I had his wonderful cock inside me if you count the blowjob I gave him earlier in the day as one occasion.
I unbuttoned the top few buttons of Mathew's shirt and began caressing his nipples.
"Oh, fuck Lynette," moaned Mathew. "That feels so good!"
"We're going to have to get these pierced," I whispered.
Mathew bent his head down as sucked one of my nipples through the thin tulle of my bra's half cup. Looking up, he challenged me, "I will if you will."
"Oh, Darling. Be careful what you wish for," I said with a smirk.
I wasn't very comfortable fucking in the small confines of my car, but it did mean that Mathew's body was pressing firmly down on mine. I felt the pressure of his weight on my pelvis, which meant that my clit was continually being rubbed.
I was able to spread my legs wider and rest my shoes on the dashboard. I think Mathew was pushing with his feet as he thrust into me. I could feel the car rocking on its suspension as Mathew bounced on top of me.
Mathew leant down, and we embraced in a long, wet kiss, and I could hear his laboured breathing in my ears.
My mind drifted to all the sex we had shared today. I loved waking up and finding myself restrained with my own bondage cuffs, tied to the four corners of my bed. I had been taken, quite willingly, by Mathew as the dawn light filled my bedroom.
Then there had been us making love in the shower. I loved the way Mathew had washed my hair and soaped me clean before fucking me up against the shower glass. I remembered being engulfed by a feeling of womanliness while being held by Mathew's strong, masculine arms as he fucked me from behind.
Then Mathew couldn't resist playing with me as I drove on the highway. I already had the warm feeling of his cum dribbling out from my aroused pussy while he fingered me to a delightful orgasm. Knowing that I was the talk on the truckers airwaves today was also a significant turn on.
I had treated Mathew to an exciting blowjob as he drove my car. I love the taste of cum and the power that a blow job has on men. I see blowjobs as a loving gift - I am doing all the giving as Mathew received my loving reward.
I thought back to my tried and tested marketing tactics. I had had to bend over all day as I retrieved the sink boxes from the boot of my car. The wind had died down now, but earlier it was quite brisk. The site foremen and managers were gentlemen in holding doors and gates open for me, but I knew that while I was carrying the cardboard boxes, my hands were full, and I couldn't brush down my wayward skirt as it blew around in the breeze.
I had intended to wear my sheer Wicked Weasel Daisy thong, and earlier I liked the fact that my tiny thong would be damp, and therefore see-through, as Mathew's cum oozed out of my smooth pussy. I had never intended to be commando all day, but when Mathew had hung my thong on the rear-view mirror support, I thought 'why not.'
I also knew that holding the cardboard boxes under my ample bust also enabled me to show off my boobs wonderfully. I had deliberately used the box I was carrying to lift my boobs up. My upturned nipples could easily be seen through the two layers of very thin material. Men! What is it with tits? The men today were caught in my spell as they couldn't help themselves staring at my tits.
I couldn't help but think of that middle-aged man that I had teased today. We had only been separated by about one metre when we both had our car doors open at the roadside café. He must have seen my smooth, hairless pussy on full display as I tried to straighten myself out. I remember that my pussy had been all slick and shiny with cum and saliva after Mathew had brought me to that breath-taking orgasm moments before that encounter.
I am also sure he could see me giving Mathew that blow job. Why else would he have been following us so closely in his car? I hoped the memory of today was going to be his fantasy for some time to come.
And now we were fucking in the front passenger seat of my car. I really love risky sex and, as the passenger door was open, we were being bathed in the car's dim interior light. I could hear the highway traffic passing us by so I knew we could easily get caught.
I stroked Mathews hair as he broke apart from our kiss. I whispered in his ear, "I've loved the way you have fucked me today."
"Oh, urgh," Mathew moaned back as he pummelled me into the car seat.
"Please fill me with your cum again," I said as I caressed his firm back muscles.
"Oh, fuck, yes," hissed Mathew.
"I love the way that you can fuck me over and over again," I said as I gripped Mathew's back with my nails.
"Lynette. You're a nympho, aren't you?" asked Mathew with a strained voice.
"Yes. I'm your nympho," I whispered. "You can fuck me as often as you like," as I held onto Mathew.
"Mmmm," hummed Mathew.
"I love feeling your cum inside me," My claw-like nails were now gripping hard into Mathew's back.
"Mmmm," hummed Mathew as he increased his pace.
"I want to feel you cum inside me again," I whispered in his ear.
"Oh, Lynette. I'm about to cum."
"Yes, darling. Fill me up." My legs had crossed behind Mathew's back as I held onto him with my sharp nails. Mathew's next few thrusts pushed directly down on my engorged clit.
Mathew tensed up and panted, "Oh, Lynette. Oh, Lynette. Oh, Lynette. I'm cumming," as he collapsed on top of me with his last, deep thrust.
My own orgasm flushed over me as I felt Mathew's hot seed spasming up into my cervix.
I felt Mathew relax, and his full weight pressed into me. I let go of my grip, and my legs felt weak and rubbery as my orgasm subsided. I gave Mathew a big kiss, "That was wonderful. Darling." Mathew climbed off me as I continued to lay back on the reclined seat. "Do you mind if you drive?" I asked him.
"Sure thing," he replied. He leant down and buckled me in.
The drive home was uneventful. That is if you can call me lying back in my reclined seat the whole way back as Mathew played with my wet, sensitive pussy the entire time. I was naked except for my bra. It felt amazing to just lie back like a ragdoll being played with like a toy.
Mathew drove all the way back to my house and found the garage remote on the sun-visor. He drove my car into my garage and parked it.
I climbed out and stood there in my bra and heels. Mathew came up to me and unclipped my bra. Teasing me, he asked, "Walk inside, looking just like that."
Not one to let an exhibitionist opportunity go by, I took my keys and walked up to my front door. I forgot all about my big front security light lit up, which activated as I came into the sensor's range.
Mathew was right behind me and partly shielded me from view by giving me a big hug. Because of the brightness of the light, couldn't see if anyone was looking at us. I stood naked under the security light on my front porch and gave Mathew another of my signature wet kisses. "Would you like to spend the night with me again?" I asked.
Mathew ground his hard-on into me and gripped my arse. "I'd love to," he replied.