My story is nothing but my imagination. All characters are 18 or older and none of them depict real people or places.
*****
I woke the next morning very refreshed and relaxed. But I was hungry. Last night once we were back, I fell right to sleep and didn't eat dinner. All I had yesterday was my breakfast and a lot of male cum in my belly.
I thought back to what had happened and was embarrassed to know that I stripped myself in public and allowed so many men to use me. I still don't know how many men had used me. But I did know there were a lot of them using my mouth, pussy and ass. I had never had so many cocks in me in one day before and wasn't sure if I had enjoyed it or not.
But, I did know I was now $4500.00 richer than I was 4 days ago. And today we were going home and I would pay all my bills, maybe even pay some of the credit cards off. My rent was due and I would pay it up and give them another month in advance in case Dana had me out and about.
I laid on the bed and kicked off the covers so my naked body was showing again. I was proud of what I had and for some reason, didn't mind anyone looking at it. Guess that is a good thing since I am now showing it to anyone who wants to look at me. I do it in public now.
Dana came in and interrupted my thoughts. She said, "OH good, you are awake. I ordered some breakfast and as soon as we eat, we will be leaving. Here are your clothes. Be dressed and ready to go in an hour."
I jumped out of bed and grabbed a nice shower. I was still sticky from yesterday with all the cum. I guess not every guy put his cum in me. My body was also covered in it, but after a shower, it was all gone.
Breakfast was there when I got back out of the shower, so I sat down naked to eat with Dana and Guy. I ate a lot because I was hungry. But, after a while I couldn't eat any more.
I got dressed and was ready to go when Dana said, "Let's go. Plane leaves soon."
We left the motel room and went through the main lobby. I saw a lot of the same people who had looked while I was naked. I smiled and kept walking. Just before I got to the door, everyone stood and started clapping for me. I guess I was a celebrity in their minds.
I liked it, but I was far from being a celebrity. I was more like a whore who got off showing others her body. But, I was proud of what I had done. So, I accepted the applause.
We flew back to the states in silence. Nothing was said about what I had done or what I would be doing in the future. I didn't know if Dana was going to have me back or not. But if not, I at least had something to live on until I could find another job.
Once we landed and got into the limo, we drove to Dana's place. I had left my car there when we left to go show me off. As we got out, Dana said, "Judy, I'll be in touch. I hope to have something new for you soon. I like you a lot and want you to continue working for me. Will you be available when I call?"
Well, that answered some of my questions. I said, "Yes, I'll be ready. Just don't take too long. I still have to pay bills you know."
She smiled and said, "Don't worry, we will make sure you get those bills paid. And it won't take long to find some way to humiliate you once again."
I said, "Well, if you put it that way, I guess I'll be ready. Hope you find something soon."
I got in my car and drove to my apartment. I just relaxed for a full day and the next day got caught up on bills. I even splurged and went out to a nice restaurant to eat. And yes, I left my clothes on in public.
I had to wait another 4 days before Dana called me again. I answered the phone and she sounded excited. She said, "Judy, get ready. I have a new scene for you and I'm sure you'll love it. I know I will."
I asked, "Where are we going and what should I wear and bring."
"Can't tell you yet where we will be. I'll pick you up and bring your clothes with me. Just meet me naked in your apartment. You can dress once I get there." She told me.
I said, "Well, ok. What time?"
"Be there in 30 minutes to get you." Dana said and she sounded excited.
I don't usually wear clothes when I am home alone, so I was already naked. I jumped into the shower and cleaned up, making sure I shaved my legs, underarms and my hot little pussy. I was feeling alive again, knowing I would be getting some more money and would be naked someplace in public.
I was ready when Dana arrived and opened the door for her. She grinned as she walked into my apartment, followed by Guy. It was kind of embarrassing to be answering my door like this and letting a man walk in to see me in all my glory. Even if he has seen me naked before and has helped strip me in public, I still turned red when I saw him. I wasn't expecting anyone but Dana.
Once they were inside, Dana said, "OK, here are your clothes. Slip it on and we can go."
Once I put it on, I saw that it was just a simple dress with straps to hold it up. It buttoned from top to bottom in the front. I slipped it on and buttoned it up, noticing it had 10 buttons and it came to just below my knees.
"I said, "I guess there are no undies or bra to go with this?"
"Nope, not this time pet." She told me. "I like it when I get to unwrap a gift without having to much problems. Nope. No underclothes for you."
I said, "OK, guess you are the boss. So, you want to tell me what will happen when we get where we are going."
Dana laughed and said, "I will explain everything once we get there. But, just to be sure you know that I expect the same as before. What I say goes. You will obey my orders without hesitation. And, of course you know the safe words, right?"
"Yes, I do know them. I hope I don't have to use them this time." I said.
Then we rode in silence for a couple more hours. I wondered why we didn't go to the airport. But, I just had to trust Dana.
Finally, we arrived and I looked out the window. We were in a very large parking lot, next to a huge shopping mall. I thought maybe we needed to get some more things before we went to where I was going to be naked. But, I soon found out I was wrong. This is where she wanted me to show off.
I said, "Please not here. It is illegal to be naked in public. I can't do this."
She grinned and said, "Not to worry pet. I have done all the research and this is one place that it is legal to walk around naked. There are a few places that allow nudity and this is one of them. And, I have checked with all the authorities, you won't get arrested. We will be with you the whole time."
I said, "Well ok, but it still scares me."
Then she surprised me by saying, "Just what I wanted. If you are scared, it will be more humiliating for you. And even if it is legal here, no one practices being naked, which makes it so much better now. No one expects to see a naked girl walking around. Now let's get you ready."
She then told me to put my hands behind my back. I did and she attached what she said were thumb cuffs. I tried to get out of them, but couldn't. I was going to have to leave my hands behind my back and not able to cover myself once she stripped me.
Then Dana said, "Here are the rules for today. We are going to go from one end of the mall to the other. And as you can see, it is a very long mall. Once we start walking we both will be looking for sports logos. You do know what they are, don't you?"
I said, "Yes I know what they look like."
"Good," she said, "If I see one, I cut off a button from your dress. I'll do the top and then the bottom and continue until they are all unbuttoned."
I just stood and looked at her. She was going to expose me slowly as we walked through what looked like a very crowded mall.
Then she said, "If you point out one to me before I see it, I won't touch the buttons. Isn't that fair?"
I said, "Yes that seems fair to me."
I watched as she got a pair of scissors out of her bag and said, "Ok, let's begin."
We started walking and about 10 steps later, I lost the first button. She stopped me and pointed to a man wearing a shirt that said, 'Cowboys'. I wasn't sure if that was a sports team or a group of men who ride horses. But I guess either way it is a sport.
She reached to my dress and snipped off the very top button. Once it was off, she said, "Open your mouth pet. I don't have pockets and want to be able to keep all the buttons so you can sew them back on later. We might want to try this again someday."
I opened my mouth and she put the button inside. Then she giggled and said, "Now don't swallow it pet. Just hold on to it for me."
I closed my mouth and we continued walking. I kept looking for those sports logos, but didn't see any around. We walked slowly for about 5 more minutes when Dana got all excited. She showed me what she was looking at. Then she said, "That is 2 buttons pet."
I looked to where she was pointing and I saw a guy and a girl walking toward us. He had a 'Cubs' shirt on and she was wearing a 'Mets' shirt. I knew that was baseball teams and knew I would slowly begin to show my naked body to everyone in the mall.
She took the scissors to the bottom button first, then another top button. Of course, she made me open up and she put those 2 buttons in my mouth with the first one. I had a hard time trying not to swallow and knew I would not be able to talk now.
She smiled as she put them in my mouth and said, "Judy, you have to do better in finding those logos. If you don't start finding them, you'll be naked in no time."
I tried to say something, but had a hard time because of the buttons. No words came out. All I could do was nod my head for her.
We started walking some more and I noticed this guy who had a t shirt with a 'Braves' logo on it. I tried to get her attention to show her, but with my mouth full and my hands behind my back, I could not do anything. I think she had this all planned when she said if I saw them first she would not take a button. I was screwed.
Dana didn't even look toward the one that I saw. But, she saw one That had a big NY on it. Once she saw it, she tapped me and pointed toward the guy. I wasn't real sure about what the NY meant, but she said, 'Yankees'.
She reached down to the bottom of my dress and in no time, she had snipped off another button. Now I had 2 from the top and 2 from the bottom removed. I only had 10 to start with and now I have 6 left.
As soon as she had the button off, her hand came to my mouth and she put that button in with the others. I looked at her with a little hatred in my eyes, but couldn't say anything.
She just smiled and said, "I understand pet, but this is so much fun. Let go find some more so I can strip you for all these nice people."
We walked around the mall for another 15 minutes before Dana saw another logo on a girl's shirt. It was the 'Dodgers' this time. Dana stopped me and smiled. Then, reached for the top of my dress and I soon had another button missing from the dress and it went into my mouth.
Now, I was down to 5 buttons and my dress was starting to open more at the top. With my arms behind me, my tits were pushed out more and when I walked, the material opened and closed. Anyone wanting to look, would see most of my naked tit.
Dana just smiled and started walking again. She was going to slowly strip me so everyone would see all of me. I just wondered if she would stop once the buttons were all off. I guess I would just have to wait to find out.
Once we started walking again, Dana was making sure we walked slower than before. Every now and then she would stop and do some window shopping, making me just wait. I couldn't talk or move my arms because of the thumb cuffs and I was totally at her mercy.
This time, we went into a store to look around. She didn't want to buy anything, but I noticed she was looking very hard for more sports logos. And unlucky for me, she found one.
The guy at the register had on a 'Blue Jays' shirt and he got to watch Dana take another button. But before she cut it off, she said, "Hi, I am so happy to see you wearing a shirt with a sports logo. You see, we are playing a game to see who sees more of them, and so far, I am winning. And for everyone I see, she loses a button."
"Oh, that sounds interesting. What happens if she loses all of them?" He asked.
Dana giggled and said, "Well, it depends on where she loses the last one. If we are out of the mall, we just go home. But if we are still in the mall, she will be naked. Doesn't that sound like fun?"
The guy laughed and said, "I like that. I might have to tag along to see more of her. Nothing like having a naked lady around the mall."
Dana then said, "Well, if you like it so much, I will bring her back if she gets naked and she will give you a nice present."
"I like that." He said, "I'll be waiting right here."
Then she reached to the lower half of my dress and cut off another button. I only had 4 buttons now and the one she cut off was close enough to my pussy that when I walked, I was sure it would start peeking out for others to see. I'm not sure if I really like this game of hers.
We got ready to leave and she stopped me. She said, "Judy pet, turn around and face that nice gentleman."
I did as she asked and she reached to the lower part of my dress, took the hem and pulled it up. She exposed my pussy to this stranger. And then laughed. I watched him as his eyes got so big, they almost popped out of his head. I had to chuckle when I saw him. It looked like he had never seen a pussy before. I almost swallowed the buttons in my mouth. It was kind of funny.
I wondered how long it would be before she had me totally naked and what she would do when all the buttons were in my mouth. How would she treat my dress then? I knew she could leave it like that, just hanging from me, but I would still be exposed in the front. She could undo the cuffs and then take the dress away, but I think she liked it where I couldn't help myself. Or she could cut the straps and let it fall. Guess I would have to wait to see if I still had a button left when we reached the end of the mall.
We left the shop and began walking through the mall again. I saw Guy following behind us with a big smile on his face. I also noticed he had a group of other men with him. He was gathering a crowd to watch me get naked. They sure do work good together. She strips me and he gets others to watch and then who knows what they have planned for me.
We had walked past a couple of other stores and then she saw another logo. I saw it right before she did, but of course, I couldn't show her because of the way she had me trapped. Mouth full and hands tied.
She smiled big when she said, "Oh goody, another button missing. 'Cavaliers' is the name!"
She reached to the top of the dress and cut off another button and stuck it into my mouth. Now with only 3 buttons left, my little tits were almost all the way out. The buttons I had left were just below my tits, at my stomach and one right over my pussy. I knew it wouldn't be long and my pussy would be showing just like my tits are now.
We just started walking again and my tits were playing peek a boo with everyone. One would pop out from the dress with one step and when I took another, it would be hidden. But, once it was hidden the other tit came out to play. My little tits were putting on a great show for everyone.
We had only walked about 5 minutes when she spotted another logo. This time it was the 'Cardinals' on a shirt. I saw it the same time she did and knew I would be showing more of my pussy now. Once she took another button, it would mean I had one at my stomach and one just below my tits. The one over my pussy would be gone.
I saw the big grin and the scissors. Then I felt her snip it off my dress and when she did, she also pulled back the dress showing off my naked pussy. She held my dress apart while she took the button and stuck it in my mouth. If I could have talked, I would have told her to cut the other 2 off and get it over with. But, I couldn't talk and it wasn't part of her game.
Here I was, in a mall in my own country almost naked. And would be soon. I thought the laws were to stop people from exposing themselves, but as she explained this county allowed nudity and she was taking advantage of it.
I thought we might be close to the end of the mall, but she made me turn down a side aisle. I had no idea where it went to, but it wasn't toward the end of the mall. I think it was just one of those side spurs and it would make getting to the end more difficult. I knew she didn't want to get to the end and have to leave without me being naked. So, a side trip was what she made me do.
Walking down the aisle to wherever it took us, I saw some more logos, but she didn't see them. Or she didn't want to see them so she had more of an audience when she stripped me. She wanted as many people to see me as she could possibly find.
We walked all the way to the end of that area and turned to go back toward the main mall. Dana was looking around and as soon as Guy had caught up to us she saw he had a large group of people with him and saw another logo.
This logo was the 'Eagles' and she said, "They are good at football."
Then she got her scissors and snipped of another button. This one was the one, just below my little tits. I now had one button left and knew it would be gone very soon. Once she cut it off, she stuck it in my mouth and played with my dress. She opened the top to show off my tits and then covered them up. But then she pulled the flaps at the bottom apart exposing my pussy to everyone.
She said, "Just one more to go pet and I don't think we will make it out of the mall before I see another logo. And you could have stopped all of this if you had only shown me some of those logos you saw."
I couldn't argue with her. She was right. If I had told her about the logos, I wouldn't be almost naked right now. But with my hands secured behind me and my mouth full of buttons, how was I to tell her.
We got back to main part of the mall and started toward the end where we could get out. Dana was talking to me and said, "You know pet, if I take one more button, we have to go back to the one store to give the clerk a special gift. He liked what he saw and I think it would be nice if you let him have some of it."
I couldn't answer, but I was getting horny from being exposed and humiliated in public. I don't know why, but every time she gets me naked I want to fuck and suck. I have always liked sex, but this was different. This was just plain old fucking.
As we walked she saw another logo. I knew I was going to be showing just about all of me real soon. She stopped and pulled out the scissors. We had a good audience since Guy had been collecting them.
Before she cut off the last button, she said, "OK, listen up. My pet has one button left and I need to have it removed, since I just saw a shirt with an 'Astros' logo on it. And our deal was if I saw them she lost a button. I would like to know if some nice girl would like to finish the job for me."
I was shocked she didn't want to do it herself, but this made more sense because it was more humiliating. She looked around and a young girl, probably 18 stepped up and said, "I would like to do that for you."
Dana said, "Very good. Here ya go. Snip it off and put it in her mouth."
The girl took the scissors and reached for the button. She put the scissor to it and snip, it was gone. She giggled as she shoved the last button into my mouth and watched my dress open, showing the front on me. My tits and pussy was out for all to see.
The dress was still on my shoulders which made it hide my backside and ass. But that didn't last long.
But before anything else could happen, the young girl got down on her knees in front of me, forced my legs farther apart and started licking my pussy. Oh my God she was going to eat me in public and make me cum. Everyone was watching and it looked like she didn't care. She was dressed, but she was eating my hot naked pussy.
I was so hot and horny, it didn't take me long to start cumming on her mouth. She really worked my clit while sticking fingers in my pussy and ass. I was cumming so hard I almost passed out. This girl was so good and I almost swallowed the buttons in my mouth. My knees got weak and Guy reached in to hold me up while the girl ate my pussy. WOW!!
Once the girl stopped eating me and had moved away, Dana said, "Well, now that you are almost naked, we need to see one more logo and that will be gone too."
And just as she said that, a guy with a 'Dolphins' logo on his hat stepped forward. Dana laughed as she cut both straps to the dress and it slid to the floor. I stood there naked now inside a mall being viewed by dozens of people.
Then she said, "Well, guess the clerk gets his gift and I bet you could use some relief. But the only way you get it, is to do it all in public. No secrets for you. After all, you just had a huge orgasm in front of everyone. Maybe later you can thank her properly."
We turned and started walking again. She guided me back toward the store where I think I was going to get fucked. And now that I am naked, I want to be fucked and don't really care who sees me. Being naked in public turns me on.
I still couldn't talk or use my hands, so I couldn't cover my naked body. But I could see all around me and I had a big crowd who followed. They were watching my butt wiggle as I walked and I tried to make it wiggle even more. I wanted to show off now.
Dana led me back through the mall to the clerk who was told I would give him a gift. I was being paraded naked in a very crowded and looked to be a very popular mall and for some reason, I was enjoying the humiliation that goes with being naked.
We kept walking and Dana was talking to me. "Judy my pet, how do you want to give that nice clerk his present? Do you want to suck his cock or have him fuck you? Whatever you do has to be done in front of everyone. No hiding at all. Maybe you can suck his cock and then once he is hard, you can take him in your cunt."
Of course, I couldn't answer. I just nodded my head at all her suggestions. I really didn't care where he put his cock, but I wanted it.
Dana continued, "Bet that little cunt is so wet right now. I think once the clerk has you, I'll give you to anyone else who wants some of you. Might even see if we can make you air tight today. That would be interesting right here in public."
I looked at her with a questioning look. She saw that and giggled. "Being air tight my pet is when you have a hard cock in all your holes. A cock in your mouth, a cock in your cunt and a cock in your ass all fucking you at the same time."
I mumbled to that. I wish I could talk to her. But I couldn't and I think my eyes told a good story. They got big and round when she mentioned being fucked by 3 men at the same time. I had never done that before. I had 2 before, but never 3.
We were almost to the store and Dana said, "And once all those cocks get satisfied, I think some of the girls want your hot tongue on their pussies, especially that girl who just ate your hot little cunt."
I liked that idea, but I wasn't sure how many would want me eating them in public. Guess we would have to wait and see. I don't think I ever had this much sex in all my life. But, I do enjoy sex and the money I get for doing all this is good. I guess I am like a prostitute. I get paid to show off and fuck.
We approached the store where the clerk was waiting. He already had his cock out waiting for me. I saw it and was impressed. It wasn't a huge cock, but a good size. Not too long, maybe 7 inches and not real thick. But, it had a cute turn in it. It went straight from his body and then about half way out and turned to the right slightly. I giggled at the sight.
Once I got closer, I noticed he didn't have his pants on. Just a shirt. Dana said, "Well, guess you were expecting us. Judy says she wants to suck your cock and then get fucked by you. Is that ok, sir?"
He said, "Yes, I am ready for her. Hope she can handle it."
Dana said, "OH, she can handle anything we give her. Ready to suck that cock Judy?"
I mumbled and tried to talk, but couldn't because of the buttons I had in my mouth. Dana saw it and handed me a zip lock baggie. She said, "Spit those out pet and then fill up with that cock."
I spit the buttons into the bag, took a deep breath and swallowed the hard-crooked cock. I took it all the way in the first time. It went right into my throat and I didn't even gag. Guess because it wasn't that thick. But he sure did taste good.
I bobbed up and down on his cock taking it all the way in, then back to the head. I was really enjoying this one when Dana said, "Ok pet, time to get that thing in your cunt."
I took it out of my mouth, turned around and bent over a nearby chair. My hands were still secured behind my back with the thumb cuffs, so I needed some support to hold me up. Once I was bent over, this guy just took my pussy as if he owned it. He just shoved it into me and started fucking. It felt funny because of the bend it had, but it felt so damn good to be fucked again.
I hadn't been fucked since our last outing and now I needed it. As he was fucking me, I heard Dana say, "OK guys, line up and take your turn with my pet. And if any of you girls want to have her eat you, get those panties off and get ready. She eats pussy really good."
I guess I would be busy for a while, right in the middle of a mall, where I shouldn't even be naked. But now, I really didn't care. I needed to get fucked and I didn't care what else happened.
The clerk fucked me hard and fast and then shot his cum deep into my little pussy. I prayed he was clean, but since he tasted so good, I figured he was. Once he shot his hot cum into me, he pulled out and came around to my front and gave me his bent and softening cock to clean. I didn't hesitate and just took him in my mouth to clean it from both our juices. His cum and my pussy juice.
As I was cleaning his cock, I felt another one go into me. It felt like it was bare and I prayed that Dana knew this guy. She had told me not to worry. Anyone who fucked me bareback was clean.
She never unhooked my thumbs from those cuffs and all I could do was stay bent over to take the cocks she had lined up for me. I took one after the other with some shooting cum into my pussy and others spraying my ass and back with cum. I didn't even try to count how many men fucked me.
However, while I was getting fucked, the girls started lining up to get licked. The first one was the young girl who ate me. She had removed her pants and panties and just bent over in front of me. Then she slowly backed up till her pussy was right at my mouth. Once she was in place, I started licking her. I licked wherever she slid her pussy over my mouth. She would go from having me lick her lips to tongue fucking her to sucking her clit.
I was quite shocked when she started cumming. I had my mouth over her pussy, licking her clit and then I got a big mouth full of liquid. I thought it was her pissing, but then realized it was sweet and gooey. She squirted her cum right into my mouth. She was cumming like a guy would cum and she didn't stop squirting for about 30 seconds. I took all she gave me, swallowing as much as I could. I hoped I could find her later for some more.
Once she stopped cumming, she just moved away and I don't know where she went. I didn't have time to look around because I had another pussy to lick. I really wanted the young girl again, but I had to service whoever showed up.
So, I spent the better part of my day being naked at a mall, getting fucked and eating pussy. By the time everyone stopped using me, I was so exhausted. I couldn't even walk. Guy had to carry me to a car and I passed out. When I woke up, it was a new day and I was in a motel someplace.