Locked Down and Lonely
Chapter 1
Pam stood at the foot of her bed, hands quivering, completely naked.
"Am I really going to do this?" She thought to herself.
She had been standing there for the better part of ten minutes, trying to work up the courage to walk the three steps to her bedroom door and open it.
"It's a stupid idea." She thought.
She started to doubt herself, yet again, the rational part of her mind trying to warn her off walking through her house naked.
"You know he wants to see you." The irrational half of her brain tempting her to leave the room, feeding from her lust and pent-up sexual frustration.
It was only meant to be a week-long business trip, but it had been seven weeks since her husband, Bill, had been home, trapped in France since the start of lockdown. Their usual sex life had been reduced to blurry video calls and sexting, and for the first fortnight, they had enjoyed the new ways of playing with each other. However, as time moved forward, and Bill's internet connection became worse, Pam had become frustrated with the lack of intimate interaction with her husband.
She had managed for another week by hiding in her bedroom, streaming porn to her laptop and spending quality time with a selection of sex toys. By the end of that week, even her largest dildo had become mundane to ride. Her most reliable genre of porn had become stale.
Pam needed physical contact.
She needed to be fucked.
It was around this time that she started to take notice of the glances that her stepson, Cameron was throwing her way. At first, she thought she was just imagining it, her horny brain misinterpreting the situation, but as the days went on, she was positive that he was staring at her body.
Cameron was Bill's son from his first marriage. His mother had fallen in love with another man and left the state to start a new life, leaving Bill as Cameron's only parent.
Pam and Bill had met online three years ago, within a month they were living together, they were married later that year.
A lot of their friends thought they were rushing it, but they knew they had something special. Meeting online allowed them to be much more candid with each other in a short amount of time. Instead of going on a few dates and getting to know each other over the course of weeks, Pam and Bill stayed up late chatting and felt like they knew each other intimately in the span of just a few days.
They both liked science fiction, red wine, and kinky sex. Their kinks lined up perfectly too.
Bill liked to spank women; Pam liked to be spanked.
Bill liked anal sex; Pam loved having things in her ass.
Bill loved taking control; Pam loved to be tied up.
It was a match made in heaven, they just had to keep their kinky sex life secret from Cameron, who was just starting college. Pam had secretly hoped that he would move onto campus, giving them their private time, but they lived so close to the college that it made no sense for him to do so.
Now that his classes were online, and they were in lockdown together, they had become extremely close. They ate together every night, watched the same T.V shows, they knew each-other's routine perfectly.
Which is why Pam was so shocked when Cameron started 'slipping up' around the house.
He walked in on her changing in her bedroom, showering and even while she was using the toilet.
Pairs of her underwear had gone missing from the laundry hamper, only to be returned a few hours later.
Then, a few nights ago, Pam was kneeling on her bed, vibrator on her clitoris and dildo in her ass, riding her way to an orgasm, when she saw movement out of the corner of her eye. She was positive that she saw her bedroom door gently closing.
She knew she hadn't left it open, so it only left two explanations.
1) Cameron had come to try and walk in on her changing and gotten more than he bargained for.
2) Cameron was peeping on her.
The problem with both of those explanations was that they drove Pam absolutely wild.
As soon as she imagined Cameron watching her, her pussy instantly became hypersensitive. Her clitoris suddenly throbbing, sending her over the edge of orgasm almost instantly. Pam slumped forward on the bed, the thick dildo sliding out of her ass as she recovered from the best orgasm she'd had in a long time.
She felt a range of things in that moment after her climax.
Relief, shame, embarrassment. They all raced around her mind, making her feel like a sexual goddess and a pervert at the same time.
Pam would have thought it was just a one-off thing, but within minutes, she was turning on her vibrator again and lowering herself onto her dildo.
The thought of being watched and being desired were driving her crazy, her pussy responded with enthusiasm. Soaking wet, her clitoris aching for stimulation.
She orgasmed four more times before laying back on the bed and passing out.
In the days that followed she came countless times, every time she climaxed, there was one thought in her head.
Cameron.
Now, she stood in her bedroom, trying to talk herself into venturing out into the house completely naked.
After she had removed her clothes, it seemed like a stupid plan. She knew that Cameron was in the lounge room, watching T.V, she would walk past him, to the kitchen, grab a glass of water and head back to the bedroom.
She would pretend that she thought he was in his bedroom, apologizing and feigning embarrassment. It seemed like a great plan earlier, but now she was faced with the realization that Cameron would see her completely naked.
The rational part of her brain told her to get into bed and forget about it, but her arousal had taken control at this point. Her nipples stood to attention; her pussy was already wet with anticipation.
"Fuck it." She whispered to herself, stepping across the room.
The cool air of the hallway rushed into the room as Pam opened the door. Her nipples reacted to the change in temperature, firming up even more than before, making her conscious of her nudity.
Pam could hear the T.V as she turned down the hallway towards the kitchen. Her hands shook, her stomach churned with butterflies as she forced herself to stroll down the hall.
She paused for a split second as she was about to exit the hallway. In front of her was the lounge room and the kitchen was about fifteen steps beyond that. If she wanted to go ahead with this, she would have to make that walk completely exposed to anyone sitting in the lounge room.
Her legs began to quiver, her mind screaming at her to turn around and retreat to her bedroom.
Once again, her arousal won the argument.
Pam put her foot forward and stepped out into the open.
She immediately saw the back of Cameron's head as he sat in the leather recliner, watching T.V. She strode forward, her legs timidly stepping across the carpet, pretending that she hadn't seen Cameron sitting in the room.
It was at this point that she realized what was on the T.V. She had been so distracted with her plan and her nudity, that she hadn't noticed that Cameron was casting porn to the T.V.
Pam looked up at the image of a huge cock sliding in and out of a redhead's mouth, her make-up running slightly as she tried to keep up with the thrusting.
Pam let out the tiniest of gasps, barely even audible, but it was enough for Cameron to sit up and turn in her direction.
"Jesus!" He called out.
Pam hadn't predicted this at all, she had expected to be the one on display this evening, but here she was, watching Cameron frantically trying to tuck his cock into his pants.
"Jesus, sorry, I'm sorry." Cameron stuttered, pulling his shirt down over his erection.
Pam had a split second to make a decision. She could apologize and leave the room; or reassure him that everything is fine. The rational part of her mind didn't get a say in it this time, her irrational mind leading the way.
"Cam, don't have a heart attack." She said giggling. "You're allowed to jerk off."
"I wasn't jerking off." Cam protested.
Pam raised her eyebrows, nodding towards the woman being covered in cum on the T.V, then towards the humorous tent pitched underneath his sweatshirt.
"Yes, you were, and that is perfectly normal, honey." She said, trying to reassure him.
Cameron flashed her a quick smile before his eyes wandered downwards, suddenly taking in the fact that Pam was completely naked in front of him.
In the rush of what had just occurred, Pam had forgotten about her plan and that she was stark naked. She instinctively reacted by covering her breasts with her right arm and her crotch with her left hand.
"Why are you naked?" Cameron asked, never raising his eyes.
"Well, I guess it's my turn to apologize." Pam said, shyly. "I thought you were in bed, I was just getting some water."
"Naked?"
"Yes naked, I walk around naked more than you think, young man." Pam said jokingly. "But I'll go put some clothes on if it makes you more comfortable."
Pam turned to start walking but she had a feeling that Cameron wouldn't let her get far.
"No, you don't have to." He blurted out.
"Why's that?" Pam asked.
Cameron shuffled in his seat, turning to look at her, his eyes drifting down to her chest again.
"Well, if it's normal for me to do...this." Cam said, motioning to the tent under his shirt. "Then it's normal for you to walk around like that."
Pam thought about it for a moment, feeling his eyes drift across her flesh, before smiling at him and nodding her head.
"You know what? You're right." She said. "It's just us here after all, it has been for weeks!"
Pam locked eyes with Cameron as she slowly lowered her arm from her breasts, revealing her hard nipples. Her hand then moved from her crotch, giving him a full view of her neatly maintained bush.
She watched his eyes dip down, drinking in the view of her naked body. Nervously making eye contact every few seconds to make sure she wasn't tricking him in some way.
Pam noticed the tent in his pants twitch, he was clearly enjoying what he was seeing.
"Well, I'll just get my water and leave you to it." She said, confidently striding past him towards the kitchen.
Pam was incredibly aware of every part of her body. She could feel her ass jiggle with every step, her breasts swaying slightly, even the way her feet felt on the carpet. Being naked in front of her stepson lit a fire inside her that spread outwards, heating up her skin as she walked into the kitchen.
She didn't need to turn around to know that Cameron was watching her, she could feel his glare on her backside as she purposely bent over the sink. She knew he would be looking at her ass and wanted to give him the best view possible. She turned the tap on as she poked her hips backwards, letting her pale cheeks naturally spread open, rocking side to side as her glass filled up.
Pam turned the tap off and quickly turned around, confirming her suspicions when she saw Cameron staring directly at her, his mouth slightly open. She noticed that his right hand was underneath his shirt now, out of sight, but definitely not out of her mind. She was positive that her stepson was touching his hard cock while he watched her.
Pam smiled at him, genuinely flattered by his attention, before she walked back to the lounge room. She basked in his attention, realizing how much she had missed being under the gaze of a man.
Cameron shifted in his seat uncomfortably as she got closer to him, clearly nervous about the scenario, pulling his hand out from under his shirt.
"Well, I'm going to head back to bed, and leave you to yourspecial time." She said, giggling as she walked.
Pam felt a wave of confidence wash over her and for a split second allowed the irrational part of her mind to take over and control her actions. It was only one sentence, but Pam immediately felt the weight and subsequent ramifications of asking such a question.
"What were you watching, anyway?" She asked, stopping next to the recliner that Cameron was sitting in.
"What? Nothing." He replied quickly.
"Sure didn't look like nothing to me, go on, show me." Pam said.
"Show you...what I was watching?" Cameron stuttered.
"Cam, come on, you think I don't watch porn?"
"You do?"
"Of course I do. Think about how long your father has been gone, for God's sake."
Cameron shifted in his seat, seemingly uncomfortable with the situation.
"Sorry, it's just, women my age don't do that." He mumbled.
"Trust me, they do." Pam replied.
She had completely forgotten about her nudity, Cameron's wandering eyes reminding her that she was standing completely naked in front of her stepson. She felt her pussy respond to her realization, becoming wetter by the second. Her nipples standing to attention, firming up as she looked down at Cameron and the tent in his lap.
She was dying to know what was under that shirt, but thought she was already pushing her luck at this point.
"Go on, let me have a look." She said, winking at him.
Cam nervously shuffled around with his phone, his hands jittering as he tried to get the video playing again for her. A few clicks later and the T.V sprung to life, resuming the video where Cameron had stopped it.
Pam watched the redhead on T.V deepthroat an unbelievably large cock with ease, clearly not her first time. Cameron turned to look at her, making sure that he wasn't in trouble, only to be met with a smile from Pam.
"She's done that before." She said, nodding at the video.
"Yeah, I've seen her do it a bunch." He replied.
"Really? Is she your favorite?" Pam teased.
"Um, I guess, yeah." Cam replied nervously.
"Is it the red hair?"
"Uh, yeah a bit."
"Just a bit? What makes her your favorite?" Pam enquired, pushing the conversation deeper than she had expected.
As if on cue, the redhead on the T.V removed the cock from her mouth, turned around and slid the entire length of the massive penis into her ass.
"That." Cameron mumbled, transfixed by the image.
Pam felt her stomach flutter with excitement, she'd always loved watching porn, anal porn being one of her favorites. She watched as she easily slid the shaft of the big cock in and out of her hole, stretching her wide as it pounded her.
"Well..." Pam stammered, her pussy throbbing, calling to be touched. "I'll leave you to it."
She pulled her attention away from the screen and looked back at Cameron, only to find him staring at her tits. His cock twitched away underneath his shirt, clearly calling for some attention of its own.
Pam gave him a wry grin and a wink before turning and walking to her bedroom. Just as she was about to enter the hallway, she turned, locking eyes with Cameron as he watched her leaving the room, trying to sneak one more look at her ass.
She made it to her bedroom, closed the door behind her and fell to her knees. The glass or water spilling across the carpet as she immediately started touching her hot, wet pussy.
She used her hand to run circles across her clitoris, feeling a fire running through her body. Her other hand ran up her body, stopping at her left nipple, rolling it gently between her fingers and slightly tugging at it. An electric current of pleasure running from her nipple to her clitoris, sending her over the edge of orgasm instantly.
Pam bit her lip, trying to stifle a moan, only partially succeeding. Her body trembled, her abdomen convulsing as waves of orgasm rippled through her body. Her pussy throbbed, pulsing as her hand started to slow down. Usually, she was incredibly sensitive after an orgasm, unable to touch her pussy for a minute or two, but this time she just slowed down, still running circles around her clitoris.
She wanted more.
Pam crawled over to her bed, her legs not willing to support her after the incredible orgasm she had just had, and rolled on to the mattress. She reached into her nightstand and grabbed her bag of toys. She had a fair collection of toys, but her favorites were always close by, hidden in a black drawstring bag.
She opened the bag and emptied out the three toys inside.
Her biggest dildo.
Her favorite vibrator.
And the replica of her husband's cock.
When Bill had started travelling for work, they had made a clone of his cock, ensuring that Pam had a way of connecting with him during their video calls. It wasn't anywhere near as long or wide as her favorite dildo, but it wasn't small by any means.
She immediately started lubing up the larger dildo, her asshole desperate for some action after seeing the redhead on Cameron's video getting plowed. Nine times out of ten, when Pam masturbated, she would have something in her ass. She had a variety of plugs and cocks, but this dildo had fast become her favorite.
She applied a generous amount of lube to the cock, then sat up on her knees, kneeling above the big dildo.
Pam switched on her vibrator and held it gently on her clit as she started lowering herself onto the cock, feeling it pressing against her tight asshole. She felt the tip start to enter her, forcing her hole to expand quickly, trying to take the head of the cock into her ass. She was sure that at some stage in the past, the stretching feeling hurt her, but she no longer remembered those days. She only felt pleasure as her asshole widened and greedily swallowed the head of the dildo. Pam let out a relieved sigh, happy to feel full as the vibrator worked its magic on her clitoris.
Pam straightened her back and lowered herself onto the dildo, easily taking the shaft in as she groaned. She felt the balls of the dildo rest against her cheeks and relaxed for a moment. She opened her eyes and saw the door, resting ajar.
This time she was absolutely positive that she had closed it. The only explanation was that Cameron was out there, in the shadows, watching her get herself off.
A shiver ran through her body. This was it. This was confirmation that her stepson was peeping on her.
"Oh god." She moaned, involuntarily.
Pam was actually slightly embarrassed that the moan had slipped out. The horny side of her mind now completely in control of her body.
She looked directly at the crack in the door, looking for movement on the other side, but the dark hallway revealed no secrets. Pam continued to focus on the small gap between door and wall as she began riding the dildo, letting it slide in and out of her ass as she let the vibrator tease away at her clitoris.
"Mmm, fuck my ass." She said, her brain now in full slut mode. "Fuck my ass with your big cock."
Pam felt her face blush as the words came out, she wasn't sure what came over her, but she knew she wanted to give Cameron the best show she could manage.
She spun around on the bed, facing her ass towards the door. Giving him a full view of the cock sliding in and out of her hole. She reached back and planted a solid spank on her ass cheek, causing it to wobble, the pain from the spank spreading across her backside.
"Spank me." She called out, showing Cameron how she liked to be handled. "Spank me hard."
Her hand went up to her nipple, gently tugging at it as she rode up and down on the dildo, pushing it deeper inside her ass with every thrust. She couldn't see the door anymore, but she knew Cameron was out there, she knew he would be jerking his cock off watching her, and that knowledge sent ripples of pleasure through her body.
She knew it was taboo, that she shouldn't be behaving like this in front of her stepson, but she was just letting nature take hold of her now.
She felt admired, lusted over, desired. Something she hadn't felt in weeks, and she thrived on it.
"Oh my god, fuck my ass." She called out. "Fuck my ass, Cam!"
Pam felt her body start to convulse again, an orgasm starting to ripple through her. The vibrator on her clit pulsed away as her asshole contracted around the cock in her ass. She hadn't meant to say his name, the horny part of her brain forcing it out, but as soon as she had said it, she began one of the biggest orgasms of her life.
"Jesus!" She yelled, her hips gyrating and trembling as her whole body lit up with pleasure. She could feel her pussy gushing with fluid as it repeatedly contracted, riding the orgasm wave with the rest of her body.
Pam moaned out into the room and fell forward the orgasm removing her ability to move. She felt the dildo in her ass slowly slide out as she rested her head against the mattress, her exposed asshole pointing towards the door.
Pam knew she should be self-conscious in that moment, that Cameron had a full view of her soaking wet pussy and her asshole, probably slightly gaping from the fucking she had just received, but she no longer cared. She had just had one of the most intense orgasms in her life and even if she was ashamed, she wasn't sure she could move in that moment anyway.
She knelt there, face against the bed, ass in the air, for what seemed like an eternity, but was actually only a few minutes, before rolling to her side. She lifted her head and looked towards the door, only to find it fully closed.
"Did I imagine all that?" She thought to herself.
Pam quickly pulled herself off the bed, her legs weak from the session she had just had and moved to the door. She opened the door, hoping to find Cameron standing there, his dick in his hand, ready to give her a show.
Instead, she looked out into the empty hallway.
No Cameron, no cock.
Pam let out a small sigh as she gently pushed the door shut.
"Maybe I did imagine it." She thought.
Just as she was about to shut the door, something caught her eye. Something shiny on the outside of her door.
Something wet.
Pam crouched down and inspected the fluid, but she already knew what she was about to find.
She reached out and ran her fingers over a stream of Cameron's cum, slowly dripping down her door. The horny part of her mind kicked in once more and she jammed her fingers into her mouth immediately, taking his salty seed into her mouth.
It tasted different to Bill's cum, sweeter almost. Pam reached out and wiped up any remaining cum that she could find on the door and greedily stuffed it into her mouth before closing the door.
She hadn't imagined it at all. Her stepson had watched her stuff her ass full of cock and had left her a delicious present at her door.
Pam's chest fluttered, her heart beating fast as she basked in the feeling. She felt fulfilled for the first time in a along time.
She smiled as she looked around the room taking note of the mess she had made. A glass of water spilled on the floor, a lubed dildo on the bed, other toys strewn about.
"What a mess." She muttered to herself as she grinned.
Pam climbed into bed, pushing the sex toys out of the way, vowing to clean up in the morning.
At that moment she needed one thing, and one thing only.
Sleep.