Sunday Grocery Shopping - Parking Lot
Susan pulled Bryan between their car and another in the parking lot and turned on him. At first, his flirting touches and grabs as they walked into the grocery had been irritating. When he wrapped himself around her from behind, pressing the length of his body into every curve and contour of her own as she walked down the bread aisle, she had wanted to hit him!!
But then she had seen the other men in the store, ignoring their wives; leering at other women, on their phones or just walking behind them almost like zombies. She had turned and caught him staring at her ass.... and that was always a turn on!!!
So she had turned the tables on him and started smacking his ass, and letting her hand graze the hardening bulge in the front of his shorts at every opportunity. She even gave him several glimpses down her top, which was not difficult since he was nearly 12 inches taller than she! By the time they had gotten everything on their list and flirtatiously picked up several items (cucumbers, meat sticks, vaseline, clothes pins and rope, special vitamins and the like) and teasingly acted as if they needed them, they were both horny beyond imagination as they checked out!
All of the way out to the car they quietly were challenging one another to "do something about it" and finally she snapped! With Bryan now between the cars, she pushed him back and over the top of the car with one hand on his chin while the other lifted the hem of his shirt high up his torso and she licked a long line up his chest before fastening her lips around his right nipple and playfully biting him! She not only heard his moan but could feel it in the palm of her hand and the sensation only added to the building flood of moisture growing within her!
She released his head as his fingers grabbed and squeezed her breasts. Her front closing bra snapped under the pressure and they both laughed as he leaned down to kiss her deeply.
Susan unlocked the car and then opened the back door to their car widely blocking off the ability for anyone to really see what was happening between them below the waist. They continued to devour one another as she pushed his hands from her breasts and then moved one hand to his very hard cock bulge and the other lower to cup his balls. "So you want to cum for me, want to show me what a man you are? You said you can't wait until we get home to cum for me... prove it!!"
Bryan looked from her eyes to all of the people heading in and out of the grocery. It was the middle of the afternoon on a Sunday!!! There were LOTS of people not 50 feet from them starting or finishing their shopping!! The thought of doing Susan right here right now, in public, with people so close.... "You want to fuck me here? Now?!" He said almost too loudly.
"No, but I do want to make you cum! And I want you to cum right now for me, Daddy!" She pulled back just a little and quickly pulled her bra off and out through her arm holes. Her nipples were threatening to rip through the material advertising a festival they had attended in the spring. While staring up into his grey eyes, she rolled the bottom of her shirt up until it was snuggly pulling just beneath her breasts and she tied it up, exposing her soft, tanned belly. "I want you to cum all over your belly and mine!!!"
Being of so different of heights, standing sex was difficult for them, no matter the circumstances. But by removing intercourse from the equation.... Bryan spun Susan around and pushed her back against their car, where he had been stretched out a moment earlier. Now, with her body against the car, trapped between him and car Bryan could feel her beneath him and the lust that had been building for nearly an hour as they wandered the aisles now was nearly ready to explode. She had his zipper down and then button unfastened. He felt his shorts almost slide off of his hips as she tugged his balls up and out into the warm fall air.
Bryan put his hands on her shoulders and started to guide her to the ground so she could suck him dry. Susan pulled her mouth from his, "Oh, no. You have been bragging for more than 45 minutes that I am making you so hot you could cum right now. Well, put up, big boy!! I want you to cum all over my belly and yours! You have 4 minutes to cum without either of using hands or my pussy or ass... or you can try again next Sunday when we shop!!"
Looking around the parking lot, there were a couple of girls, maybe college age, maybe not, looking over at them as they made their way into the store. They burst into laughter and scampered toward the door laughing. Other people were walking in and out all around them... but no one else seemed to notice. "Tick tock, you better get busy!!" Susan chided playfully as she pressed her body up into him and kissed that sensitive area on his neck.
He did not care anymore who saw them!
It was maybe 20 seconds before there was enough pre-cum smeared over Susan's stomach for him to really slide his cock up and down between them. "mmm yea, that feels fucking good!!! I love it!! You are leaking all over me! And think, you have just 3 more minutes before that is all you get for the next 7 days... a fountain of pre-cum as you watch me naked in our bedroom, as I shower... as I masturbate and you have to just watch. Wow... that made things wet down there! Come on my filthy slut boy! Cum for me like you said you would!!"
She was taunting him between kisses, bites... her red fingernails raking his back and ribs as she moved to his grinding.... "Oh, can you feel how wet my pussy is? I'm going to play with it when we get home and I am going to squirt everywhere. If you cum for me, you can help! If not... I might let you lick me clean afterward. But no orgasm for you unless you do it in...mmm you are down to two minutes!!!"
"Come on lover! If you get excited enough, maybe you can soak my shirt and my nipples will be visible all of the way home for you. You would like that, wouldn't you? Getting to look at my boobies and their perfect hard nipples all cold and wet in the AC on the way home? You seem to be getting really excited? Should we stop? You are really turning red in the sun. You are not too excited are you?"
Her words kept teasing, but it was the way his cock, trapped between their bodies was now sliding over her warm, slippery skin that was making the world spin. He heard her say something about there only being a single minute left, but he didn't care! It was not going to take another minute! His balls were rising tighter and tighter, and his breathing more labored.
Then he felt that first little electric jolt running the length of his cock followed by muscles throughout his body, toes to hair follicles contracting and pushing with all that he had, every drop of thick, slick white and bubbly cum spewing out the tip of his member and all over their abdomens!! Susan squealed and then laughed. Bryan fought with all he had to continue pumping out every last drop of himself all over her body and yet still not scream as the glory of the moment thundered through him over and over again! Convulsions shook him as he tried not to be too obvious and yet, really did not care in the least if the world around him just disappeared.
She pushed hip a little off of her and opened the driver's door. Susan laughed at how unsteady Bryan's legs were and how much cum was smeared across his taut belly. She ran her fingers through the goo and popped them into her mouth and sucked on them. When she saw him look down at her, head resting on folded arms just above the door opening, she reached out and collected more from his abs and held her two fingers up to his lips. He started to refuse, but then she pouted and told him how hot it made her to watch him eat his own sperm from her fingers. He took a deep breath, smiled and accepted her offering as she giggled.
He looked around and figured he had pushed his luck far enough. He stood up and began sliding his soaked equipment into his underwear and shorts, but her fingers stopped him. "Get in the car. I want to play with your cock on the way home. You may have had your orgasm, but you owe me a few for this!!" Then she smiled at him, and added, "Besides, I want to make you moan like a whore all of the way home!!!" She then moved over the console and into the passenger seat as Bryan got in and they drove home.