Author's note:This is the penultimate story in the series, 'Only One Piece of Clothing'. Please read the previous stories to enjoy the series along with 'Clothes Are Not Dry Yet'. I have read all the comments under the previous chapters of the series and I thank all the readers for reading the stories and liking them. The next chapter will be out in a month from the publication of this chapter. That would be the final chapter of the series.
Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are above the age of 18.
Deepa woke up in the morning to the feeling of chillness against her body. She realised she was lying uncovered and naked on her bed. Her mattress-cum-blanket was removed from her body. She turned around and saw Rima standing beside her bed with her hands on her hips.
"What are you looking at?" shouted Deepa coiling herself in a fetal position, to cover her nudity.
"Wanted to see how a naked body looks like while it's asleep," said Rima in a casual tone and then turned around to get inside the bathroom.
Deepa quickly pulled up the heavy mattress lying around her feet to cover herself, even after Rima had long gone inside the bathroom. Deepa found Rima's behaviour odd.
Deepa and Rima didn't talk to each other till Rima got ready for her office. Deepa was still finding it hard to believe that Rima had finally accepted her nudity. After Rima was all dressed up in her formal attire, she left without asking Deepa about breakfast or dinner
A few minutes later, Kavya entered her flat.
"A mini-skirt!" exclaimed Deepa, wearing the only piece of clothing that Kavya brought her for the day.
"You look like a sexy tennis player, who has forgotten to wear her top, and maybe her undies too," said Kavya, lifting Deepa's skirt to look at her frizzy haired pussy.
"Hey, Rima acted weird this morning," said Deepa, "She removed the blanket and looked at my naked body."
"What's weird in that? I'd do the same if I were your roommate," said Kavya, now pulling the skirt down, exposing Deepa's pussy again.
"She never acted like this before. I mean, it's not her nature," said Deepa, pulling her skirt back up.
"Well, if you're getting uncomfortable by her presence, why don't you shift to my house?" said Kavya.
Deepa gave a questioned look.
"My mother has finally left the place you know," continued Kavya with excitement,
"My father couldn't really live alone without her, and thank God he didn't wanna shift here with me along with my mother. I told her to go back to my father and everything here would be alright and she promptly left this morning. You don't know how much relieved I feel now. I can totally be free, now that I'm alone in my flat."
"Wow, that's great news!" said Deepa with excitement, jumping a little, bouncing her tits.
"Let me show you my flat," said Kavya with a smile, grabbing her hand, "But don't you have work to do?"
"I don't think I'm gonna have any work, after what happened yesterday," said Deepa, "Also, I haven't been doing much work for the past few days. Let's not talk about work. I'll worry about it once I'm actually fired."
Deepa got out of her flat and crossed the hallway topless and in a short skirt without any reluctance.
The moment she entered Kavya's flat, she was amazed by the interior.
"You've a fucking chandelier in your flat!" screamed Deepa looking at ceiling in the middle of the living room.
"Yeah, we had to sacrifice the ceiling fan though," said Kavya.
Deepa was amazed by the amount of furniture, the decoration and the design of the items in the house. The floor was carpeted and she had never seen a carpeted floor in anyone's house in her life. There were three long sofas arranged at three different sides of the living room, one sofa was a convertible bed, and the sofa covers and cushions were all brightly coloured. The curtains of the big window in the living room was cut in a flowery shape at the bottom.
"Quite a house you live in!" said Deepa glancing around the living room one more time, "The carpeted floor is a real bonus." She felt the soft carpet with her bare feet.
"It's soft isn't it?" said Kavya, removing her slippers and sliding her feet against the carpet.
Deepa grabbed her white skirt, dropped it down her legs, picked it up and threw it upwards. She then grabbed Kavya towards her and kissed her.
"You're so horny," said Kavya after the kiss.
"You make me so horny," said Deepa with her arms around her waist and bringing it closer to her naked body, "But I don't see my skirt falling on the floor."
They both looked upwards and saw the skirt hanging on the chandelier. They both laughed at the sight and then proceeded kissing each other, while Kavya's hands slid around Deepa's bare asscheeks and she began caressing and squeezing them.
"Hey Kavya? You in there!" suddenly came a voice of a woman outside the flat door, followed by a continuous ring of the doorbell.
"Shit! It's my mom," said Kavya, moving away from Deepa and suddenly getting anxious.
Deepa had never seen Kavya anxious or worried at all. She looked like a different person to her.
"You have to hide somewhere quick!" said Kavya nervously.
"Ok," said Deepa moving her legs up and down and jumping, getting anxious herself.
They heard three loud continuous knocks on the door.
"KAVYA!"
"I'm here mom, just coming out of the shower," shouted Kavya.
Kavya then pointed the sofa near the window wall to Deepa. Deepa nodded and leapt her naked body across the sofa to hide in the small gap between the sofa and the wall. Deepa lay squatted in the small space and could only hear voices now.
"Hey Ma, you're back?" said Kavya, opening the door.
"Yeah, I forgot something and that's why I came back here. But the thing is, I forgot now what I actually forgot," said another voice which was Kavya's mother's.
The comment made Deepa laugh and she found it difficult to muffle her laughter with both her hands.
"What is it you're forgetting mother?"
"I told you right, I don't remember. Let me get a look inside the house and your room, maybe it will remind me," said Kavya's mother.
Deepa could hear some heavy steps entering the living room.
"You don't seem like you just got out of shower?" said Kavya's mother.
"I said I was about to go to shower," said Kavya with a trembling voice.
There was some moment of silence.
"Just think what are you searching for mother?"
"Let me look around, see if I could remember what I was actually forgetting back here."
Deepa felt her whole body could get cramped by the way she was hiding. It almost felt like she was inside a travelling bag or something.
"Let me check your room," said Kavya's mother.
Deepa slowly raised her head from behind the sofa. She only got a glimpse of a wide and huge lady's back going towards the bedroom.
"Get up, quick," whispered Kavya as she grabbed Deepa's hands and helped her get across the sofa.
Deepa carefully extended her legs over the backrest of the sofa and then stood for a moment on the sofa, before stepping down on the floor.
"You need to go now, before mother comes out of the bedroom," whispered Kavya nervously.
"But my skirt!" said Deepa, looking up at the skirt hanging on the chandelier.
Even though the ceiling of the flat was low and the chandelier hung even lower, Kavya and Deepa were just not tall enough to jump and grab the skirt. Deepa tried to jump and grab her skirt, bouncing her tits and ass again and again in the process. Kavya would have found it cute and hot, but she didn't have time for any lustful thoughts now.
"It doesn't matter, just go back to your flat now, I'll get it later," said Kavya. She then picked a hand towel lying on another sofa, "Here, I forgot to give you a hand towel, now go."
Deepa hastily tiptoed, looking at the direction of the bedroom covering her ass with the hand towel and then she got out of Kavya's flat. She reached her flat door quickly and turned the knob to open the door, while still looking over her shoulders to see if Kavya's mother was getting out in the hallway.
But Deepa's flat door didn't open. She wondered if she had forgotten which way the knob had to be turned to open the door, so she tried both the clockwise and the anti-clockwise direction. She had one hand holding the hand towel against her ass, while the other hand was fidgeting around the knob. She dropped the hand towel, looked over her shoulder again to see if anyone was around, then she used both her hands to vigorously turn the doorknob.
She realised she had foolishly locked the door when she got out of her, without taking the key with her.
"What do I do now?" she said to herself, squatting down to get the hand towel.
She remained in that awkward position of the facing her flat door, with both her hands holding the small hand towel to cover her ass.
"The staircase!" she said and she sprinted the length of the hallway to open the door to the staircase.
But she faced yet another surprise when the staircase door wouldn't open.
"What? Who locks the door to the staircase? What joke is this?".
She was breathing heavily now and getting excited at the same time. She turned around to her back against the staircase door. She pressed the hand towel hard against her pussy to hide the incoming wetness of arousal from the situation. She also unsuccessfully tried to cover her tits with the other hand.
She then noticed the number display above a lift in the hallway changed to 5 with a sound, the lift door was about to open, someone was gonna come out of the lift. She just leaned her back strongly against the staircase door, and hoped that whoever was coming out of the lift, wouldn't notice her.
But as she reclined her back hard against the staircase door, the jammed door swung open and she fell hard on the floor, her upper body on the staircase landing floor and the lower half on the hallway floor. She quickly got up holding the hand towel and moved on the staircase landing floor and closed the door. She then sat down exhausted against the door.
After getting over the exhaustion, she finally felt horny again. It was not possible to contain Deepa's horniness, if she was nude in a public place. Even though the staircase landing was not really a public place, it was outside the privacy of a flat. She got excited by her predicament of being locked out naked and decided to do something about it.
She got up and stepped on the downstairs steps and turned sideways to touch her butt against the stair banister. The steel banister felt so cold across her bare buttcheeks. Her nipples were erect now. She had her left foot at a lower step to spread her legs and she started fingering herself slowly and steadily. She closed her eyes, feeling her naked body again and again with her hands, thinking about the times she fucked Kavya, and the one time she fucked Hanif. The thought of Hanif clearly turned her on even more now. She wished Hanif were in front of her, gently squeezing both her tits: first pinching the nipples and then pulling it slightly and then groping the tits like a stress ball. Then he would be on his knees, his face at the level of her pussy, licking it and then after tasting it for a while, eating it, by kissing her clit, then the folds of her pussy.
Deepa squirted hard after that, wetting both the steps she was standing on, and the hand towel she used to dry herself. She moaned so loud from the orgasm, that it echoed the whole stairwell. She opened her eyes feeling relaxed, her anxiety gone.
She still wasn't sure if Kavya's mother had left Kavya's flat or not. At the same time, she didn't wanna just stay in the stairwell.
Determined to have some kind of adventure, she slowly descended the stairs, at her own pace, always checking the staircase door at each landing. Most of the staircase entrance doors seemed quite shut, not at all left ajar, as most of the people never used the stairs.
She descended the stairs further to reach the entrance lobby of the building at the ground floor. The stairs ended at the corner of the lobby, slightly farther from the side of the reception desk. There was no one at the desk and Deepa stepped quietly in the lobby area. Now, she had been in this lobby area in various state of nakedness in the past few days. She was not panicked at all.
She decided to stroll around the whole area of the entrance lobby, holding the hand towel in front of her crotch, while leaving her ass bare. She walked past all the lift doors, then walked back to the reception desk. She rested her ass against the reception desk, crossing her legs, and crossing her hands across her bare tits, suddenly feeling cold, being aware of her exposed skin.
She realised she hadn't had any breakfast yet or taken a shower. She was already feeling tired now, felt she hadn't slept properly last night. Apart from that, all the activities of hiding from Kavya's mother, to hiding in the stairwell and masturbating and then walking down five flights of stairs, all the while aroused by her exposed nudity, made her feel even more tired. All those things along with the sudden chill air around, made her feel sleepy.
"What are you doing here?" said a familiar voice. It was Hanif wearing a face mask, "I was about to come upstairs to meet you."
"Oh, hi! Where have you been Hanif?" asked Deepa, feeling happy to see Hanif.
"I have been in this society at my friend's flat, in another building" said Hanif.
"Take me to the flat where you're living now, I can't go back to my flat, I'm locked out. Also, Kavya's mother is still in her flat, so can't go there either," said Deepa standing away from the desk still covering herself.
"Seems like I have to give you my shirt again," said Hanif.
Hanif took off his shirt and gave it to Deepa, who hurriedly put it on, and it covered all of Deepa's thighs. Deepa looked at Hanif's upper body in a tight tank top. He looked sexy in that.
"Won't it look weird, wearing just a shirt?" said Deepa looking down at her body.
"It looks like you're just wearing an oversized shirt, if you're actually wearing anything underneath or not, is up to anyone's imagination," said Hanif.
Deepa couldn't believe how Hanif was behaving coolly with her. But she liked it.
"I live in the other building, the first building we see after we enter the society gate," said Hanif, "Use that hand towel as a mask, or else the security guards would send you back to wear one. The guards of both the buildings are just chatting outside."
Deepa couldn't tell Hanif that the hand towel actually had her cum, but she ultimately tied it across her face, the smell of the cum strongly entering her nose.
As they got outside Deepa's building to walk their way to Building no.1, the security guards of both the buildings looked at Hanif and Deepa. They did stare at them for a while, but they didn't say anything and just kept staring at them till they entered Building no.1 and were out of their sight. Hanif took her to the first floor in a one-bedroom flat.
"Why do you live here? I think you told me you weren't living in this society before the lockdown, were you?" asked Deepa as she entered the flat and walked around.
There was only one bedroom past the living room and it was relatively bigger than her own bedroom. There was only one bathroom in the flat which was common. There wasn't much furniture in the house, except a large double bed in the bedroom, some plastic chairs in the living room and a table.
"Actually, six men used to lived here," said Hanif, "I know most of them. Some slept in the bedroom, some in the living room on mattresses on the floor. They all left after the lockdown started except one, who is my friend. He has gone to work for the day. I get most of the plumbing complaints from this area. It's almost as if my agency has assigned the societies in this area to me, so I asked my friend if I could stay here."
Deepa gave a smile, then unbuttoned the shirt that she was wearing, giving Hanif a full view of her naked body. Hanif quickly became silent and shy, but he mustered up some courage to get closer to her.
"Uh huh.. not now hero," said Deepa moving one step back, "You need to make some breakfast for me while I take a shower."
"Ok," said Hanif.
Deepa went inside the bathroom and took a nice and long shower, feeling clean again. She got out of the bathroom, still dripping wet, in the living room. Hanif was already waiting for her with a towel in his hand.
"I forgot to give you a towel, I was about to hand you in the bathroom," said Hanif.
"Would you be kind enough to dry me with that?" said Deepa with a tilted face, acting cute.
"What?..Wi...Wipe you dry?" stammered Hanif.
"C'mon, I can't possibly sit and have a breakfast while I'm dripping wet, can I?"
Hanif felt shy and nervous again. He decided to wipe Deepa's face first. He took some time to dry her face cheeks and chin, while Deepa kept staring him seductively. Hanif tried avoiding looking at her eyes, although he looked at her for a split second from time to time.
He reached her neck, then her shoulder and arms. It didn't take much time for him. He then turned her around and dried her back.
"You're not washing a car window you know, it's my body, you can do it slowly," said Deepa.
He turned her around again to face her. He knew what he was about to do. He gently went down her neck, in the middle of her breasts, then he widened the towel to dry both her tits at the same time, gently rubbing it and then squeezing it through the towel. He dried the tits and gently wiped her nipples and Deepa gave a quick shrug of shoulders as she felt tickled. She bit her lower lip from her upper teeth and looked at him.
Hanif went further down, dried her midriff and then he wrapped his hands together around her, getting closer to her, almost hugging her and dried her asscheeks. Deepa could feel Hanif's erection through his pair of jeans against her abdomen. He then got down on his knees, his face at the level of her pussy and then he began drying her thighs.
"My crotch is still wet," Deepa said.
Hanif looked up at her.
"Wet from the shower, can you please dry it?"
Hanif brushed the towel against her frizzy pubic hair. Deepa almost felt an onset of orgasm, as she could feel Hanif trying to finger her through the towel. But Deepa had other plans in her mind. Hanif was trying to kiss her crotch, but she stepped back.
"I guess we should have breakfast first," said Deepa.
"Right, the food is already cold I guess," said Hanif, quickly getting up on his feet.
Deepa occupied one empty plastic chair and waited for Hanif to bring the food. Hanif brought some instant noodles on a plate with fork.
"Sorry, I didn't make anything else, this was the only thing I could prepare real quick for now, though I have rice and daal ready for lunch, if you want that instead," said Hanif as he kept the plate in front of her.
"No, noodles is fine. You had breakfast?" asked Deepa, now genuinely feeling hungry and quickly eating the noodles.
"Yeah, I had," said Hanif.
"Can you bring me some ketchup?"
Deepa poured the ketchup on the noodles and devoured the noodles like she had never eaten anything before.
"Water?"
"Yes, stupid of me to not keep a glass of it already," said Hanif and went to the kitchen to bring one.
When he came back to the living room, Deepa was sitting on the table, almost leaning back to lie on it. He was confused as hell about what was going to happen.
"Thanks by the way," said Deepa, drinking the water.
"I've seen some European movies and also there are some weird restaurants in some parts of the world, where they serve you food on a naked person, mostly on naked ladies," continued Deepa, "I don't know why am I explaining all these to you. Can you put some ketchup here?"
Deepa was pointing at both her nipples from both her hands. Hanif gave her a naughty smile. He was getting less and less shocked by her antics now. He picked up the ketchup packet and squeezed out a thick drop on each of the nipples.
"One here," she pointed at the belly button.
One large drop there too.
"You know where the next drop would go?" said Deepa with a giggle.
Hanif gave one naughty smile and almost formed a landing strip of ketchup on Deepa's crotch.
"Now, just devour and enjoy it," said Deepa, leaning back fully to lie on the table.
"I knew you wouldn't disappoint me," said Hanif unzipping his pants, now only in his tank top and boxers.
"Look who has started talking now," laughed Deepa.
Hanif brought his face near Deepa's who was now lying still like Da Vinci's naked guy on the table. Their eyes gazed at each other for few moments. Hanif then took out of his tongue and licked the ketchup off from one nipple. Deepa almost shivered. He licked off the other nipple as well, and then he gave a smile. He then sucked the ketchup from the belly button, and Deepa until then didn't realise how ticklish her belly button was. She was giggling uncontrollably from the tickle. Now Hanif hovered his face above the landing strip of ketchup near the crotch. Instead of licking it with his tongue, he just touched them with his lips and then went straight to her pussy to devour it.
Deepa felt the inrush of pleasure just as Hanif started eating her pussy out. He then groped her tits and caressed it for a good half minute. Deepa was already getting wet. Hanif stripped off his tank top and the boxers with a raging boner. He penetrated her pussy, something which Deepa had been longing for for the past two days.
"Wait, let me taste it first," said Deepa and she got up.
Hanif sat on the chair and Deepa grabbed his erect cock and stroked it a couple of times before pouring out some ketchup along the length of the cock's shaft. She took all of the cock inside her mouth, then licked off all the ketchup and licked the top of his cock before going for a deep throat. Now Hanif was getting all the pleasure.
She got up after sucking the cock, sat on his lap, flinging her arms around his neck, and started kissing him. Hanif again penetrated her. Hanif grabbed her ass and helped her hump. Deepa kept riding him, with her eyes closed, her hair open and brushing against her shoulders and her tits bouncing with each hump.
"Yes, fuck me harder like a plumber," said Deepa. She almost felt embarrassed about what she said, but she didn't mind it, nor did Hanif.
"You're so sexy Deepa, you're really really hot," said Hanif, who also had his eyes closed.
"Oh my fucking God!" screamed Deepa as she was reaching her orgasm and she grabbed Hanif's hair.
"I'm coming," shouted Hanif.
Deepa knew she didn't want any cum insider her. Even with the orgasmic high, she got up from Hanif's lap and stepped aside and Hanif squirted out his cum, landing on the table and the noodles plate.
"That was quite a long jump," said Deepa and Hanif let out a laugh, panting.
Hanif decided to take a shower after that and Deepa offered him help to clean the dishes. By the time Hanif got out of the shower and got dressed, he received a call from work.
"I have got to go do some plumbing," said Hanif with a chuckle.
"Yes Mr. Plumber," said Deepa.
"Do you wanna go back to your building or stay here?"
"I think I will stay here, I have to wait until Rima comes back in the evening," said Deepa.
"Make yourself comfortable, I might be back late, so help yourself with some rice and daal that I have kept in the kitchen along with some pickles," said Hanif.
Deepa just gave a wave with a shy smile as she was still hesitant about acting romantic with Hanif.
Deepa got bored of staying at Hanif's flat after an hour he left. The bedroom inside was really minimalistic. She sat on the bed for a while, feeling her naked ass against the bedding. The curtain on the window looked so plain, the wardrobe looked old. She walked to the kitchen, and the dishes and other utensils were minimal. It was a complete contrast to Kavya's flat.
"I might have to start living like this if I'm fired from my job," said Deepa to herself.
She started feeling asleep. She wished there was a sofa in the living room she could take nap on.
"I think I can use the bed," thought Deepa and went inside the bedroom and dropped face first on the bed.
"Wow! Her ass is perfect!" said a girl's voice.
Deepa opened her eyes and found her face planted on a pillow. She turned around and found Kavya wearing a face mask standing in the doorway along with Hanif.
"Hey, what time is it?" said Deepa quickly folding her legs and bringing her knees to her chest, covering her nudity. Deepa realised one thing in the past three days, she wasn't comfortable being nude in front of Hanif and Deepa together.
"It's 5 pm, my friend may come back from work anytime soon," said Hanif in a tone of urgency.
"Ok, seems like someone is trying to get rid of me soon," said Deepa, getting out of the bed, still covering her lady parts with her hands.
"No no...it's just..I don't want him to see you like this," said Hanif in a lower voice.
"I'm kidding Hanif, come on, you don't have to take things seriously."
"I must say Ms.Nudie, you do these things deliberately, because you know you get off of wandering around naked," said Kavya to Deepa, handing her Hanif's shirt.
"His shirt is enough to cover my whole body," said Deepa.
"Yes. And your skirt is still stuck on the chandelier, couldn't bring it down at all. Mother left the place just an hour ago," said Kavya, "I have brought a mask for you though."
"Ok," said Deepa looking down at her body to see the shirt reaching just above her knees, as she tied the mask around her face.
"I thought you might bring some clothes for Deepa when I called you and told you about her," said Hanif to Kavya.
"I know she wouldn't help me getting clothed," said Deepa with a chuckle, "It's more of a surprise that she brought me a mask."
Hanif raised his eyebrows and widened his lips, wondering how wild those girls were.
Deepa picked up the dried cum filled hand towel from the living room chair.
"See you soon Hanif," said Deepa as she and Kavya reached the door, "Thank you for the breakfast by the way."
Hanif waved at her and Kavya with a smile.
Walking across the lobby of the Building no.1, Kavya gave a nod to the security guard who was sitting at his desk. The guard looked away from his phone to just look at her. Deepa somehow felt more confident walking with Kavya than with Hanif outside. When they reached their own building, Kavya tapped the reception desk and gave a nod to the security guard, who also gave a nod back.
"What's with your nod?" asked Deepa, "Do they recognise you?"
"They all know me," said Kavya.
Kavya slightly lifted up the hem of the shirt Deepa was wearing from her back, to expose her naked ass, as they were reaching near the lifts. Deepa swiftly hit her hand and pulled the hem of the shirt down.
"What are you doing?" asked Deepa, slightly giggling.
"You didn't greet the guards, perhaps you could greet them in other ways," said Kavya with a chuckle, as they waited for the lift to come down.
"So, your mother finally found the thing she left?" asked Deepa as they both entered the lift.
"Actually, she never figured out what did she actually leave," said Kavya with a chuckle, "We turned the whole flat upside down. She even wanted to check your trolley bags, you know? I had to fight her against opening it."
"There's nothing important in the bags," said Deepa as they stepped out of the lift, reaching their floor and standing in the hallway, "It's just clothes, right?"
"Yeah right, and you don't need the one that you're wearing now too," said Kavya as she started unbuttoning Deepa's shirt.
"Hey what are you doing?" said Deepa giggling though she still let Kavya unclothe her.
Kavya removed the shirt from Deepa and wrapped it around in her arms.
"Now you stand like this with only the mask and the hand towel, fully naked in the hallway," said Kavya.
A lift door opened and both the girls gasped breathless for a moment. It was only Rima. But she was not alone. There was another guy with her. Deepa suddenly got so conscious of her nudity, that she decided to hide behind Kavya, even though they both were of same height.
"Hi Rima!" said Kavya with a wide grin.
"Hi," said Rima with a weak voice and smile as she and the guy stepped out of the lift and the first thing they both noticed was Deepa naked, unsuccessfully hiding behind Kavya.
"Actually I and Deepa were waiting for you," said Kavya, "She locked herself out of the house, without the flat key."
"And without any clothes, just the mask?" asked Rima, looking behind Kavya, as Deepa was clearly visible.
The guy standing beside Rima didn't seem to be too surprised about seeing Deepa naked.
"This is Varun by the way, my boyfriend," said Rima introducing the guy to the girls.
"Hi, you must be Kavya," said the boy Varun stepping forward and shaking a hand with her, "Nirav told me about you."
Varun tilted his head see past Kavya's head. Deepa too, tilted her head sideways.
"And you must be Deepa," said Varun extending his hand for a shake. Deepa too extended her hand from behind Kavya.
"If you remember, I and Nirav were the ones who waved at you from our flat across the street, while you were doing a little dance in your kitchen, in the same outfit."
"Oh yeah, I do remember," said Deepa with a shy laugh.
"You mean this outfit right?" said Kavya stepping away from the front of Deepa, leaving her exposed. Deepa had one hand covering her crotch with the hand towel, while her right hand was still held by Varun.
"I think we should get inside, and start preparing dinner," said Rima.
"I'll help you guys," said Kavya.
But once they got inside the flat, Kavya was keeping Varun company in the living room.
"I have asked her to wear only one piece of clothing for the whole week," said Rima, then she pointed Hanif's shirt to Varun, "I'm not letting her wear this shirt, because it's not hers. She was supposed to wear a skirt for the day. But it's in my flat."
"So now she has to remain totally naked?" asked Varun.
"Yeah," said Kavya, "Hope you don't mind."
"Not at all," said Varun.
Deepa and Rima were preparing the dinner in the kitchen.
"Varun knows about your nudism or exhibitionism or whatever it is," said Rima, not looking at Deepa, as she stirred the gravy.
"I guess Nirav might have told him, and Kavya might have told Nirav," said Deepa in a low voice.
"I tried calling you for about two hours, you know, to tell that Varun is coming to our flat" said Rima with a stern voice.
"But you know right?, I got locked out, without my phone and key."
"Yep, it's fine."
But to Deepa, Rima seemed to be suppressing her anger and disappointment.
The four of them sat together in living room for dinner, Deepa in her naked state and Varun having trouble concentrating between his food and Deepa's free breasts. Rima was constantly noticing her boyfriend checking out Deepa and had a smothering look in her eyes. Deepa also noticed the look of jealousy in Rima.
"We could have used some beer or wine, but everything is closed in this lockdown you know," said Varun, "Apparently, alcohol is not an essential item."
"Yeah, even cakes and pizzas are not essential apparently," said Kavya, "Hey Deepa, can you get us some pickle? I guess you have some."
Deepa was hesitant to get up naked in front of Varun.
"You can find it easily in the kitchen shelf," said Deepa hesitantly.
"C'mon, I'll take longer time to search for it," said Kavya.
Deepa reluctantly got up and tried covering her naked ass with one hand as she walked towards the kitchen. Both Kavya and Rima noticed Varun checking out Deepa's ass long enough till she entered the kitchen.
"She remains naked like this all the time? 24 by 7?" asked Varun once Deepa was out of sight.
"Quite sexy right?" said Kavya.
"Yeah," said Varun with a chuckle and then he turned his face towards Rima who was obviously fuming.
"Varun, let's get inside my room. I told you it's not the best idea to come to my flat now," said Rima getting up, "Kavya, I hope you don't mind if Deepa stays with you tonight, as your mother has left your flat."
"Yeah, why not?" said Kavya shrugging her shoulders.
By the time Deepa got back with the pickle jar, Varun and Rima had left the living room.
"They got horny I guess," said Kavya replying to Deepa's questioned look.
After finishing the dinner and washing their respective dirty dishes, Kavya asked Deepa to come to her flat. Deepa followed her and crossed the hallway naked and as they entered Kavya's flat, the whole interior looked raided. The sofa covers and pillows were lying on the carpeted floor. Even the carpet seemed to be curled up at the edges.
"That's how crazy my mother is," said Kavya.
Deepa looked up at the chandelier to find her skirt still hanging there.
"She did ask me whose skirt was that, so small and unwearable. I had to tell her it was just a torn piece of cloth used for dusting and cleaning," said Kavya.
She wrapped her hands around Deepa and grabbed her ass from both her hands.
"You and I are alone together the whole night Ms.Nudie," said Kavya.
The big convertible bed sofa in the living room became the spot of comfort that night as both Deepa and Kavya jumped on it, naked, locking their bodies with each other; caressing, kissing, licking, pinching, groping, sucking each other; enjoying the special joy and pleasure of each other's bodies.