I was lying in a dumpster behind my office, completely naked, while my coworkers were on the phone with me.
Not my finest moment.
"Please bring my clothes back down, this isn't funny." I begged Cassie.
"What you're doing at your place of work isn't funny. Could you imagine what Mr. Lubiak would say if he knew you were running around his office butt naked?" Cassie said with a laugh. "First off, is it true that you're wearing a butt plug?"
I kept my mouth shut.
"Look, I can just go back to work..." Cassie started.
"Yes!" I blurted out. "I have a butt plug in."
"Very naughty...and Brad wants to know how big your husband is?" Cassie asked.
"What? Why!" I said, shifting in the garbage. It was so hot outside I was sweating profusely.
"Alright, I have some emails to send if you aren't going to cooperate."
Click.
Cassie hung up.
My heart sank. I immediately called her back. I breathed a sigh of relief when she answered.
"Last chance." Cassie sang.
"He's three and a half inches." I said.
"Like...soft?" she asked.
"No. Hard."
There was a long silence. Then she burst into laughter. "When you posed for Brad's art class, did you like it?"
"Yes." I answered. Earlier at my time in the company Brad had started a Boozy Photography class and his model dropped out last minute. I agreed to help out and model for him, not realizing he was going to invite a bunch of people from work until after I got dressed again.
They called me Sasquatch around the office for a few weeks after that. Luckily most of them had moved on to other companies, but Brad was still here.
We never talked about that night.
"Okay so you're going to do a few things for us and we'll give your clothes back. Understood?" Cassie said.
"Yes." I said, a bad feeling in my gut.
"First off, get out of the dumpster and walk out to where we can see you." Cassie ordered.
I slowly climbed up and looked around. The coast was clear. I climbed out of the dumpster. Slowly, I walked further from the building. Up on the 3rd floor I saw Cassie and Brad still looking down at me.
"Check your phone." Cassie said.
I saw a text come through. There was a photo of me, butt naked, standing there looking up at them.
"So just follow my directions and we won't have problems. You know, you were always so full of yourself just because you've been here longer. You aren't really that great. The guys here think you're stuck up. This...how you currently are...this is what you deserve." Cassie said. "Turn around and spread your ass."
Her words hurt. A lot. It hurt more to turn around and bend over for her, reaching back with one hand to spread myself.
"Now, go inside to the elevators. Come up to the third floor and go into the men's bathroom. Handicap stall. We'll meet you in there." Cassie said.
"Are you insane? I'm going to get caught!" I whispered.
"This is your last chance. I'm not picking up again. See you there in five minutes. Don't keep us waiting."
I had no choice. I quickly ran to the back door and peered through the window into the hallway. It was empty.
I had two options, either I go up the stairwell or risk the much busier elevator. Just then the elevator opened and two guys walked out, heading towards the front entrance. That decided it.
I slowly opened the door, creeping into the hallway. The floor was cold on my feet as I darted to the stairwell and opened the door. I quickly started up.
Out of breath, I made it to the third floor. I peeked through the window. I saw Joe and Andy from my office waiting for the elevator. I couldn't go out. Suddenly the door on the floor above me burst open.
Survival instinct kicked in and I quickly raced back down the stairs to the first floor. I spun around the bottom stairs and quickly ducked underneath the stairwell. The person behind me was only a few seconds behind me as they walked out the door, unaware of me hiding right behind them.
I breathed a sigh of relief and went back up again. The third floor was open now. I had to be careful. I needed to cross the elevator bank to make it to the bathroom. I crept out, the AC giving me goosebumps.
Quickly I ran down the hall, past the elevator banks and down the hall to the bathrooms. I slowly opened the men's bathroom and peeked inside. Clear.
"Excuse me." I heard a man's voice down the hall.
I jumped out of my skin, running into the men's bathroom. I ran to the handicap stall and jumped inside, locking the door behind me. My heart was exploding in my chest.
The bathroom door opened.
I watched a pair of feet walk directly in front of my stall. They stopped.
Knock knock.
"Let me in."
I recognized the voice. It was Brad.
My hand shaking, I reached over and unlocked the door. It swung open to reveal his smiling face. He looked up and down my naked body before stepping in and closing the door behind him.
"So Cassie has turned this project over to me. Is your husband really only 3.5 inches big?"
I nodded slowly, my hands trying, but failing, to cover my breasts and pussy.
"Put your hands down." Brad ordered. His voice was sharp.
I dropped them.
"Haven't shaved all these years later have you?" He asked. I started to talk, but he interrupted me.
"I love a woman who knows her place. You can act in charge and bossy...but deep down I think we all know exactly who you are. And if you're husband isn't doing the job for you...well... I can. Turn around."
I turned.
"Ever since you helped me with my photography class I've visualized you naked, over and over again."
He grabbed my hands and put them up on the wall. His foot tapped my feet out wide. His big hand gently pushed down on my back, bending me over.
SLAP!
"I wish you had volunteered again."
Searing pain exploded on my ass as he spanked me. I moaned in surprise.
SLAP!
The other cheek.
"Please, someone might hear..." I said, not proud of how much it was whimper.
SLAP!
"Don't talk back."
SLAP!
His finger traced between my pussy lips, my knees buckling.
"I think you like this." He said, observing the wetness. "Do you?"
"Yes." I said softly.
"Yes, what?" Brad asked.
"Yes Sir." I said.
"This will be fun. Your whole life is about to change for the better. Starting tomorrow, shave your bush off. I want you bald. Then you're going to go onto Literotica and post a picture of yourself naked and tell all those men you lost a bet. Maybe give them a close up of your holes too. Then, I'll be in touch with what's next. Is that understood?
"Yes...Sir." I responded.
SLAP!
I cried out as he slapped me again.
"You will become a regular at my photography class, starting Thursday after work. I have a male/female series I want to do. The exploration of sexuality and conception. You'll help me with that won't you?"
"Yes Sir." I said.
SLAP.
"Are you on birth control?" he asked.
"No Sir" I responded.
SLAP.
"Good to know. Your dress is on the door. See you back in the office."
He left.
I stood there for a long moment before quickly getting dressed. I crept back out into the hallway and made my way back to my desk. Cassie was waiting for me.
"Just wanted to say, this is actually my last week. I got offered your position at another company last month, but I am so thankful to have this experience before I go. Brad will take very good care of you, I'm sure. Maybe he'll bring you by my company...have fun girl." She smiled sweetly and walked back to her desk.
I gingerly sat down, my ass stinging.
I tried to process all of the emotions running through my mind...only to find my fingers drifting under my desk. I couldn't help myself.
It was going to be a long day.