Little White Lies
Chapter 14
Jessie
Saturday night...
"Wha...?" Jason mumbled as he sat up.
Naked, Jessie had just then lifted the blanket covering the young man up and had knelt on the couch with one knee when he'd jolted awake, startling her.
"It's me," she said quietly.
"Jessie?" he stammered.
"Yep!" she confirmed happily and moved to straddle him. As she did so, she noticed that he was still wearing his boxers.
"What are you doing here?" He was still waking up, judging from the tone of his voice and slurred speech.
She giggled and put both hands flat on his shoulders, pushing him back down to the couch. Leaning down, she kissed him briefly then focused on working his underwear off with one hand. As she did so, she felt his heart beating rapidly against his chest, her other hand easily picking up the sensation as it rested on his chest.
"What... uh... what are we doing?" he stammered.
"Fucking!" she said simply. "My boyfriend told me that I could help you lose your cherry when he was fucking me earlier today. I'm thinking that now is as good a time as any since you're leaving for home tomorrow."
His heart started to beat even faster against her palm, and a nervous smile came to his face that she could see even in the dim light of the den.
"Oh honey," she commented, "you're so nervous!"
She leaned back down to kiss him again as her hand began to stroke his swiftly swelling cock. He still had his arms pulled away from her and didn't seem to want to use them to do anything to her.
"Wait," he mumbled.
She stopped kissing him and fixed him with a stern gaze as she looked down.
"Don't you want to have sex and not be a virgin anymore?" she asked quietly.
"I just... don't know what I'm doing," he replied.
"That's okay," she assured him, affectionately stroking his chest with one hand and his cock with her other. "I'm not going to be grading your performance, silly! This is my way of letting you get some practice in."
She slid back off of him then, her hands reaching for his as she moved onto her back on top of his crumpled-up blanket. He followed silently, but she could clearly see his hands shaking from nervousness.
"You're not going to do anything wrong, Jason," she said, trying to sound reassuring. "Try not to be so nervous, okay? Don't think about how you're supposed to do it correctly and just do what comes naturally to you."
She pulled him from his kneeling position down to one with him laying on top of her. His cock was as hard as could be and nuzzled her cleft happily.
"Just take your time," she said, and gave him an encouraging nod. "Always be gentle when you enter a girl the first time, especially if she's a virgin. It can be painful if you rush things."
He nodded at her, then moved to a kneeling position and looked down.
"Do... I uh... need to... lick..." he stammered
She smiled and shook her head. "I appreciate the thought, but I'm already wet and ready for you sweetie. You can feel it if you like."
He nodded and she watched as he reached down between her legs and tentatively ran his fingers through her slit and briefly inside. His smile confirmed what she'd said and he pulled his hand free, wiping it on part of the blanket beside him.
She watched him reached down and take a hold of his dick, then lean over her and prop himself up with his other arm, still looking down between them.
"Look up at me," she said, and smiled as his eyes fixed on hers. "Men and women are made to fit together," she said. "You'll be able to find where it goes."
He chuckled quietly, finally showing some signs of calming down.
"In fact, lay down on me," she ordered, gently pulling at his waist with both hands.
"I don't want to squash you," he said, concern clear in his expression as he briefly resisted.
She snickered quietly and pulled again. "Just don't putallyour weight on me."
He nodded and lowered himself down on top of her, the weigh growing until she smiled and nodded at his questioning stare. He was still awkwardly holding his hips up though, as if he was worried about hurting one of them.
"Whenever you're ready, sugar," she said sweetly.
He took a deep breath and hesitated. She was about to whisper some more encouragement when she felt his hips lowering and felt his cock nuzzling her pussy again. He thrust slowly, his cock sliding up her slit and away from where it was supposed to be going. She wasn't going to correct him though, knowing that it would do him good to find it for himself. He frowned and slid back again, and she smiled up at him as he closed his eyes.
After a few more tries, he finally pushed tentatively inside.
"OhmyfuckingGod!" he whispered and groaned as she watched him with amused fascination.
He pushed completely in, and she sighed happily as she felt the modest size of his cock inside her. She kept still though, letting him take his time to enjoy the sensations.
He moaned weakly as he began to slowly withdraw, then thrust. Exactly four slow thrusts later, she heard him groan weakly and felt his cock pumping its warm contents deep inside her. She smiled, caressing his arms and back as he grunted and thrust uncontrollably against her a few more times.
With a low moan he thrust a final time and held still, a smile coming to his face as he opened his eyes and looked down at her. She returned his grin and giggled briefly.
"Congratulations," she told him.
"Wow..." he muttered, laughing briefly. "That was... wow."
She continued to watch him quietly, happy that he'd enjoyed it so much. He continued to hold himself in the same position and she was enjoying the feeling of his erection still nestled inside. He closed his eyes again, his smile growing before he opened them again and looked back down.
"Sorry... that I came so quick," he said.
"No apology necessary," she assured him. "Your first time is supposed to be quick!"
He nodded, his smile returning. She felt him start to move to extract himself from her, but she stopped him by pulling at his waist with both hands once again.
"You know, you're still inside me and still hard, this is technically still the first time. Dex told me that I could only take your cherry and rarely lets anyone else but him have my pussy. So..."
He looked down at her, the nervous, hesitant expression returning.
"So," she continued, "if you want to keep going, you can. I just won't be able to have sex with you again before talking with Dex if you stop now."
He smiled widely and paused for a moment of silent contemplation then nodded.
"I... kinda want to feel... what its like when a girl... cums," he said hesitantly.
She giggled and nodded. "Well, start pounding your cock into my pussy and you'll find out, handsome!"
He blushed in the dim light, and she giggled at the endearing sight.
"Are there any other positions you'd like to try?" she asked, smiling sweetly at him.
He looked briefly confused then shrugged. "I don't know many," he said.
"Here," she told him. "This is a good way to get me to orgasm. Lay back."
Moving in time with him, she felt him briefly slide from her pussy as he moved onto his back again. She followed, sliding on top and pulling his shaft back inside before he realized what she was doing.
Slowly, she began to grind back and forth of him, her hips gyrating forward and back and dragging her pussy up and down his hardness. He didn't seem to know what to do with his hands, so she reached down and pulled them up to her breasts. From that point, he happily played with her orbs, squeezing and kneading them and tenderly pinching her nipples.
After a few minutes, she was able to grind a nice, comfortable orgasm out as he watched and played. It seemed that the sight of her cumming was highly arousing for him and as she slowed, he took a deep breath.
"Close?" she asked, drawing a quick but vigorous nod. "You can keep fucking me like this if you like..." she said, but then groaned as she felt him thrust weakly against her, his cock pumping once again inside her. "Oh... fuck," she whimpered, closing her eyes as the delightful sensations of his warm cum filling her swamped her senses. "That's it, baby," she whispered.
A few seconds later he ceased thrusting and fell still, breathing heavily.
Taking a few seconds to recover herself, she held her position and simply watched him.
"All good?" she asked quietly, smiling as he looked up at her and grinned.
"Thank you so much," he said. "That was awesome! I can't believe how good it all felt."
She snickered at him, then gave him a final kiss before he began to get up.
"I'm gonna go clean myself up," he said. "Thanks again Jessie."
She smiled happily and waved at him in the dim light, then watched as he left the room. With a contented sigh, she stood and gathered her clothes back up, then went to try and find a place she could sleep.
Making her way upstairs, she opened the door to Jack's room, thinking she could just crash there and not disturb Dex and Donna, but John was snoring loudly, sprawled out on the bed. From there, she peeked into Dex's room, thinking that maybe she could slip in and maybe they wouldn't notice. Her boyfriend's bed wasn't all that big to begin with, though, and already had two people in it.
As quietly as she could, she stepped back out and shut the door, then turned and looked down at Don's room. The lamp was still on, and she could clearly see his bed was empty.
"He won't mind," she said with a shrug, and walked quickly toward it.
Tossing her clothes to the floor beside the bed, she slipped in and pulled the covers over. It proved to be too hot after a few minutes, though, and she kicked them off. The last amusing thought she had before she drifted off to sleep was what Don would do if he came home and saw her laying naked in his bed.
*****
Don
Saturday evening...
There was no telling what sexual shenanigans were going to be taking place at his house that night. Knowing Jessie, it would probably end up as a full-blown orgy before the night was over. He wouldn't have minded staying and finding out for himself, of course, but he was extremely happy for the distraction he was being given.
His first date with Candy had been amazing. All of his other recent dates had been downright abysmal, but this one had single-handedly restored his faith in the hope of finding someone that he could be with.
She was incredibly sexy, smart, funny, and after Jessie and Dex's sexual display, obviously didn't scare easily. It seemed too good to be true. From the moment the date started to feel like it was going well, he'd been expecting something to happen to ruin it.
After that, he'd started to think that this might be the start of something real but was determined to keep his head on straight and not get his hopes up. Candy's invitation to come eat dinner had come quick, as far as he understood from what he knew of the rules of dating. It was an encouraging sign for her to be just as excited about the prospect of the two of them together as he was.
He'd gotten dressed and left as soon as he realistically could, not wanting to be a potential target for any of Jessie's crazy sexual plans. After stopping to buy some flowers on a whim, he pulled up into Candy's driveway on time and hopped out. After walking up to the front door, he took a moment to collect himself and then rang the doorbell.
A few seconds later the door opened, and Candy smiled widely at him just inside. There were a few seconds of silence between the two as they both stood there smiling and waiting, but then she surged forward and kissed him intensely. He wrapped her his arms and pulled her tight, delighting in the adorable whimpers and sighs.
After a few seconds of passionate embracing, she stepped back and took a deep breath, looking up at him with a frown on her gorgeous face.
"What?" he asked, wondering what he'd done wrong.
"You just look so damn handsome, I couldn't control myself," she said. "Come on in," she continued as he laughed.
"Thanks," he said, and smiled as she slid her hand into his after shutting the door.
"I was trying to keep control of myself too," she said with a brief frown. "I told myself that I needed to behave and not act like a horny teenager."
She slid close to him, her other hand grabbing for his and finding the flowers he was clutching there instead. With a chuckle, he kissed her on the forehead as she leaned her head onto his chest for a few comfortable seconds.
"It's good to see you," he said, drawing her face up to look at his.
She smiled sweetly and rolled her eyes. "God... can't you be inconsiderate or something at least?" she said, looking down as he brought the flowers up between them. She took them from him and pulled them to the side, then kissed him again.
"It's good to see you too," he said, smiling in amusement.
She gave him a quick tour of the house before they ended up in the kitchen where she went to find a vase to put the flowers in. As she busied herself with that task, he drank in the exquisite sight she presented.
She looked even better than she had the previous evening. She was wearing a dress, this one slim and sexy, red in color and tantalizingly low-cut. The skirt modestly ended at her mid-thigh, and despite his failed attempt to not look, he couldn't see panties when she bent down to retrieve the vase.
Watching her as she clipped the flower stems shorter and held them up to the vase, then did it again, he felt a happy, content feeling come over him. He had a vision of his first wife doing that very thing. She would measure the flowers several times before she was happy with the length, then spend several minutes arranging them just so, until the arrangement was just to her liking.
Candy did the same thing, taking her time getting the flower the right size and arranging them perfectly before filling the vase with water.
"Sorry," she said, blushing adorably. "I'm very particular about certain things."
"Like arranging flowers?" he asked, amused.
"Like arranging flowers," she confirmed, laughing easily.
He found himself musing about how much he liked the sound of her laugh. It wasn't anything strange or particularly unique, but there just seemed to be something abouthowshe laughed that he adored. It was like she was laughing with her whole body.
He realized he was staring again and briefly blushed as she brushed a long lock of blonde hair back over her ear.
"Sorry," he said. "I just find myself staring at you and can't stop..."
"Oh... I'm not complaining," she said. "Just finding it hard to behave around you."
"You know, you're going to need to stop massaging my ego," he said, and fixed her with knowing smirk.
"Stop being so handsome and sexy," she shot back, frowning at him. "I'm not trying to massage any ego's around here."
He laughed but didn't press the point. Even if she was spreading it on a little thick, it was nice to hear after being so alone for so long and going on so many bad dates.
"So... what's for dinner?" he asked, telling himself to focus and stop daydreaming.
"Lasagna," she said. "It's easy, but it's something I also do really well, so it seemed like a natural choice." She turned quickly to look back at him as she moved to check the food. "You like Italian, right?"
"I'll eat whatever you put in front of me," he said, but then winced when she raised an eyebrow and giggled at him.
"Is that so?" she asked, cocking her hip to one side.
"Yeah... that didn't come out right," he said, groaning internally. "Why am I always putting my foot in my mouth around you?"
After a few more laughs at his expense, she gave him a wink and resumed checking the food.
"So, is there anything I can do to help?" he asked.
She initially shook her head, then turned and looked at him quietly for a few seconds. "How about you open the wine," she suggested, and gestured toward a bottle on the counter.
"Can do," he said, stepping into the kitchen and reaching for the bottle. Next to it on the counter was the corkscrew, and after removing the seal he worked the cork out and set it on the counter.
Candy had finished looking in on the lasagna by then and had closed the oven back up. Turning, she stepped over to one of the cabinets near Don and opened it, producing two wine glasses that she held out for him to fill.
"Trying to get me drunk?" he joked, winking at her.
"Trying to get you to get me drunk," she corrected, and the two shared a laugh.
She stepped close to him and clinked her glass to his, then moved in even closer and rested her hand on his chest as he put his own around her waist.
"Isooolike this," she said, and sighed comfortably.
"Me too," he assured her. "Feels... good."
"Feels perfect," she amended, and leaned in for a gentle kiss.
Her lips were warm and soft, yielding to his as she timidly pushed her tongue briefly into his mouth before she broke the kiss and smiled happily at him. A few comfortable moments of silence passed between the two as they enjoyed each other's presence, but she eventually stepped back and reached down for his hand.
"We've got a little bit before the food is ready," she said, pulling him toward the door. "Let's go sit and get comfortable."
He followed quietly, silently hoping that the evening went as wonderfully as the previous night had gone. Well, most of it at least. He could have done without Jessie and Dexter interrupting it with an impromptu sex attack in the middle of it. Other than that, of course, everything had been almost magical.
She led him back into the living room and settled down on the couch, the two of them putting the wine glasses on the coffee table in front of them. She turned after leaning back into the couch and hooked one leg over his, propping her head up on the back of the couch with one hand and staring at him silently for a few seconds.
While the lasagna continued cooking, the two settled down and began to converse. The topics were safe, both of them sticking to the basics and making small talk. After a while, Candy got back up and went back into the kitchen to check on the food. A short time later, the two were sitting at the table eating and drinking their wine, the small talk continuing.
Afterward, even though she insisted that she could handle it, the two cleaned up the mess; Don washing the dishes and Candy drying them.
"You weirded out by this?" he asked.
He'd finished washing the last dish and had rung out the scrubber, placing on it back where he'd found it next to the sink.
"Most men that I've gone on dates with wouldn't volunteer to do the dishes," she said, grinning his way. "It's different but in a great way."
He chuckled and shrugged, turning to watch her as she dried the last dish. "I'm not one of those guys that expects his woman to wait on him hand and foot. I know you might have heard that Jessie tends to take care of cleaning up around our house, but I've told her dozens of times that she doesn't have to."
"Still, it's nice of her to do so," Candy said. "I've never minded taking care of my man in that manner, as long as it wasn't something he ever demanded of me, you know?"
"Definitely," Don confirmed with a nod.
"So... want to go relax on the couch with a movie?" she asked, tracing a line on his chest with a single finger.
"Whatever you'd like to do is fine with me," he said.
She smirked at him but didn't move.
"Don..." she said, drawing his gaze up to hers. "One thing you'll learn about me is that I'm not the type of woman that needs to have every date be all about what I want to do. You get to have a choice too."
He smiled and gave her a quick kiss. "That's nice to hear, but I figured since you asked me over, it was your evening to plan."
"Ooo," she said, grinning at him. "I like that! Okay..." she continued. "Come on, handsome." She stepped around him, her hand finding his and leading him back to the living room. Once there, she grabbed the remote and settled down on the couch next to him, her feet losing the shoes she was wearing and sliding up comfortably behind her as she leaned into him.
"So... I hear my girls are at some party your son and his girlfriend are throwing," Candy said as she put it on an older movie and set the remote to the side.
"Yeah, he called me earlier today and asked if I minded if they used it to have some kind of farewell for his girlfriend's roommate. Her family is leaving or something, I don't know," he said, shaking his head. "I'm sure you have nothing to worry about, though," he added, looking at her quickly.
"Oh... I'm not worried about my girls at all," she said cryptically. "Movie time?" she asked.
"Sure," he said.
She reached over to the side table and grabbed a remote, then turned on the TV and began to flip through. After they found something suitably interesting, she settled in next to him and the two began to quietly enjoy the movie together. Two and a half hours later, they stood and stretched in unison.
"Mind if I use the restroom?" he asked as she clicked the TV off and set the remote down.
"Not at all. Down the half, first door on the left," she said, gesturing to the hallway.
Don nodded, then went to where she'd directed and closed the door behind him. The bathroom was undoubtedly feminine, but still very clean. Once he'd finished relieving himself, he washed his hands and returned to the living room. Candy had disappeared but emerged a minute later from the direction of her bedroom and joined him on the couch once again.
"So... what do you think our kids are getting up to right now?" she asked, hooking her legs over his once more.
"Not sure I want to know," he said with a chuckle. "I'm hoping you don't kick me out anytime soon, so I don't have to go and find out."
"Oh, I'm definitely not going to kick you out," she replied. She pulled herself closer, leaning into him.
The way she molded to him, the way her body seemed to justneedto be pushing against his was something that he hadn't felt in a long time. It was surprising at first, but he realized that he'd been aching for that feeling for a really long time. It all clicked in one moment then, and he smiled.
She needed him.
He realized immediately that there was even more to it than that, though. It was likeher bodyneeded him. It was as if they were drawn to each other like gravity.
"Are you enjoying this as much as I am?" he asked after a few minutes of comfortable silence between the two.
She nodded immediately and looked up into his eyes, staring hard. He returned the gaze unflinchingly.
"What I wouldn't give to know what you're thinking," she said after a few seconds.
"How crazy gorgeous you are," he said immediately. "And how much I'm loving being with you."
She laughed easily, her head dipping a bit as her shoulders bobbed.
"How are you single?" she asked, shaking her head at him after she recovered and looked back at him. She stroked his chest idly with one hand, the other propping up on the couch behind her.
"Well, after my first wife passed, I didn't date for... years," he admitted, smirking at her.
"I'm not prying," she said, raising a hand.
"Its okay," he said. "It's been... God... 15 years?" he said, the words coming out as more of a question. "Wow... has it really been that long?"
Candy held silent, listening quietly, intently.
"Anyway," he said, "I wasn't looking to replace her, you know? We were high school sweethearts and after she succumbed to cancer I didn't really even consider trying. I was just like, 'what's the point,' you know? I had two boys to raise and bills to pay, so that just became the norm."
"So... what changed?" she asked.
He pondered the question briefly, then chuckled. "To be honest, Jessie. My son started dating her and she pretty quickly took an interest in my happiness. She got me started with online dating."
"But that didn't work out," Candy guessed.
"Not at all," he said. "I've already deleted those damn apps. I had several bad dates and several abysmal ones. I mean, it got to the point that I was just wanting a normal one."
She nodded, still watching him. "I can sympathize. I've had my share of terrible dates. That's why this is such a welcome, pleasant surprise."
She briefly lifted her phone and checked something.
"Parenting?" he asked, offering her a smile as she looked back up at him.
She shook her head. "I trust my girls," she said. "They know to be safe and what I expect of them, plus they're smart and make good decisions. If they want to crash at your house, I'm fine with it."
"That's good to hear," he said. "I feel the same about my boys, though I do wonder when they'll get around to moving out."
He'd mean the last part as a joke.
Candy laughed, the tone of her voice sending impulses of delight racing through him. Reaching up, he ran a hand across her cheek and pushed a stray lock of blonde hair back over her ear, eliciting a smile from her perfect face.
"God... how areyousingle?" he murmured. "You'resodamn... enchanting."
She rolled her eyes and shook her head at him before returning her gaze back to his. "Honestly... by choice," she explained.
"Oh?" he asked, a little surprised by the response.
"Before we have this conversation," she said, moving her hand up and idly pulling at one of the buttons on his shirt, "I want to make sure that you and I are on the same page. I'm not seeing anyone else and judging by the way things are going between the two of us, I'm not going to be."
She looked at him pointedly.
He smiled, briefly laughing at her. "Look, I'd just about given up on dating altogether when Jessie and Erin set the two of us up. I'mdefinitelynot interested in trying to date anyone else."
"Good," she said. "I just needed you to know that I'm not interested in trying to juggle multiple guys. I'm not interested in being shared with any other men either."
She kept looking at him intently, and he could sense that this was important to her.
"That's not something I'd expect from you," he assured her. "I'm not interested in it, regardless."
"Good," she said, smiling genuinely at him. "There are... things about me... sexually... that make me different from lots of women," she said.
He raised an eyebrow in surprise.
"No, I'm not like... secretly a man or anything," she said, blushing a little. She sighed in embarrassment before smirking at him. After a few seconds of turning red, she finally continued. "I... love sex. I mean... I really... reallylovesex."
"Good," he said with a chuckle. "So do I."
"But... what I mean is... I love rough sex," she continued. "And when I say rough, I meanrough."
"Really?" he asked, smiling at her. "Spanking? Hair-pulling?"
After each question she nodded emphatically.
"It's not a recent thing either," she said, pulling at this shirt again. "I've always just...neededit that way. I can't really have an orgasm anymore unless I'm just having my brains pounded out."
Don grinned even wider. She'd managed to work a button on his shirt open and was idly running a finger on his exposed chest.
"Unfortunately, it's hard to hide the sound of your ass being spanked from the rest of the house and hotels get expensive," she continued. "I tried to be modest, but things played out differently and I just decided that it was best if I was open with them about things."
He nodded, still listening.
"I told them that they could have experiment as much as they want and could ask me whatever they needed to, or talk to me about anything, but I made sure that they knew that we all had to be honest with each other. So, we have been ever since. In fact, that was Erin and Alec you heard last night, taking advantage of the fact that I allow them to have fun with each other as long as their safe and careful."
"It sounds like you three have a great relationship," he said.
"We do," she said, smiling. "They both great girls, and they make me so proud."
"So... do you three talk aboutallyour sexual encounters?" he asked.
"Well," she said hesitantly, "not like... over dinner or anything, but if they ask me how a particular date went, I'm not afraid to tell them."
"And vice versa?" he asked.
"I know it sounds a little weird, but once you lose that awkwardness about talking about sex with your kids, it just becomes something that happens. Erin is much more vocal about things than Cass, but both of them talk about the things they experience. But I'm getting off track," she said. "That all came about because of my need for rough sex."
"Right," he said. "You having loud sexual encounters would likely have made them more curious about it."
"Very much so," she agreed. "But wanting rough sex also tends to put me at risk."
"Oh?" he asked. "How so?"
"Well," she continued, "the reason I'm so hesitant to start a sexual relationship with men is because that when you're a woman that likes rough sex, some men tend to think that entitles them to treat you differently. Just because I like rough sex, doesn't mean that I like to be treated like I'm an animal or abused."
He frowned, reaching out and squeezing her arm comfortingly.
"Some of my past relationships, more than I'd like to admit, in fact, have turned into abusive ones," she said, her gaze lowering a bit.
"I'm so sorry," he told her, squeezing her arm again.
"I'm fine," she said, looking back up quickly and smiling. "I mean, I wouldn't be dating again if I wasn't. I just tend to play it much more carefully now than I've done in the past."
He nodded, studying her face as a brief silence descended on the two.
"All I can say is... that's not me," he said after a bit. "I've never hit a woman."
"Well, as long as you don't hit me in anger, we're good," she said. "Sexually... that's a different story."
He raised a single eyebrow in surprise.
"I told you...rough!"
He chuckled in response.
"So... what about you?" she asked. "What kinds of kinks do you have?"
He chuckled at her for a few seconds, then shrugged. "I'm not all that exciting, really," he said.
"I beg to differ, but go ahead," she joked.
Smirking briefly, he continued. "I don't know, I like the normal stuff I guess."
"Well... that means different things for different people," she said. "For Erin, that means she likes having sex in different places and doing whatever her boyfriend tells her. For Jessie, from what Erin tells me, that means something totally different."
"Fair point," he conceded. "I guess... uh... oh hell, I don't know."
She snickered at him, lunging briefly forward and kissing him intensely for a few seconds before returning to her original spot.
"You're so much fun to torment," she said. "You don't have to tell me what you like if you're uncomfortable."
"It's not that," he said, shaking his head.
"You're clearly not comfortable so why don't we change the subject?" She smiled at him and squeezed his leg.
"No... I'm not trying to spoil our fun," he said. "Why don't..." he paused trying to think of an alternative.
"Well... let's start with the basics," she suggested. "Do you enjoy getting blowjobs?"
He smirked, raising an eyebrow again.
"Hey... I've known some men that didn't."
Her expression told him that she was being serious, but he didn't personally know any men that disliked getting their dicks sucked. The very idea was ridiculous.
"I don't know if I believe that," he said, laughing and shaking his head.
"I'm serious," she giggled.
"To each his own, I guess," he said after a few seconds. "What about you?"
"Well, I love giving and receiving," she said. As she spoke, she leaned more fully into him, kissing him intensely.
He felt his heart beating faster, his cock swelling as this incredibly desirable woman pawed at him. He was used to Jessie's obvious flirting, and though he was definitely attracted to the undeniably sexy young thing, there's was just something so... desirable about Candy. She was one incredible woman, and she was making him feel things that he hadn't felt in a long, long time.
"I'm out of practice, but I definitely enjoy giving," he said.
"Aww," she frowned. "I'll just have to let you practice a bunch, baby," she grinned, kissing him again.
She pulled herself closer, then lifted her knee up as she turned and straddled his thighs. He was fully engorged and knew that she could feel him as she settled in to place on top.
"Anal?" she asked.
"No thanks," he said, and looked at her with a faux concerned expression. She burst out with laughter and slapped his chest.
"I had it back in college," he said. "Neither of us were really prepared, though, so..."
She frowned. "Well, we'll have to add that to the list then."
He laughed, pulling her tight against him again. Her curves were delightful, her body pressing against him with her incredible softness. He moved his hands around her back, resting them comfortably on the upper curve of her delicious rump.
"Where do you like to be kissed?" he asked quietly.
"Mmm... not sure I should give you that information," she snickered, her tongue pushing into his mouth as soon as she'd finished speaking.
He moved from her lips to her cheek, then her neck, the pressure of his kisses causing her to sigh in pleasure.
"No?" he mumbled. "Maybe you can give me some other sensitive information then."
She moaned softly as he nibbled the pale skin of her throat, her hands dropping to his arms and pulling them up. She found his hands and lifted them up, slapping them both against her ample, perfect breasts. He squeezed automatically, causing her to moan deeply.
"Sensitive?" he asked, looking at her as she sat back a bit and dropped her arms to the side. He could see her arching her back, pushing her breasts into his palms more, and could feel her nipples harden beneath the fabric of her shirt and bra.
"Very," she groaned, his hands continuing to roughly squeeze her orbs. "I... kept daydreaming about how your tongue would feel on my nipples. I've been turned on all damn day."
"Poor thing," he said, smirking at her as she finally opened her eyes and looked down at him.
There was a long silence between them, and he could see her gears turning as she smirked briefly at him.
"Everything okay, gorgeous?" he asked.
"More than okay," she assured him. "I'm trying to maintain some semblance of self-control, so that I don't scare you off."
He smiled at her, chuckling softly. "I'm not going anywhere," he said.
"Damn right you aren't," she said, kissing him intense again. She sat back up after a few seconds, breathing heavily.
"Lord... your nipples areso... hard," he said, and rubbed his palms across the front of her shirt, her nipples pressing into his palms even through the clothes she was wearing.
"You've got me very turned on," she explained. "Quick... lets talk about something before I rip your pants off."
He laughed, moving his hands away from her delectable mounds.
"Ever had a threesome?" she asked.
"Nope," he said, and pulled her down for another kiss.
"Mmm, if you're a good boy, I wouldn't mind sharing," she said.
He paused, looking up at her in confusion.
"What?" she asked, a brief look of concern on her face.
"I thought you weren't into sharing," he said.
"I don't want you to share me with other men," she explained. "I've got friends that I might let into the bedroom with us."
"God..." he groaned, closing his eyes. "You might actually give me a heart attack."
She giggled, kissing him again. "Thinking about me between some slut's legs?" she asked.
He groaned in response, squeezing her tight. "Have you ever done that?"
"Been with a woman?" she asked. She nodded a second later. "I enjoy sex with women, but I'd only ever be in relationships with men."
"Interesting," he said. "Can women get rough enough for you to enjoy the sex?"
She hesitated, then shrugged. "It's... different. I'm not... it's hard to explain." She frowned, her expression changing as she got lost in thought.
"I can see that," he said, amused, and idly squeezed her breast again.
She moaned in response, her eyes closing at his touch. He dropped his hand a few seconds later, causing her to look down at him.
"Sorry," he said. "Its hard to resist you."
She giggled, then glanced over at the clock.
"Wow," he said, seeing the time.
"I can't believe it so late already," she whined.
He chuckled as she sighed and moved off his lap. He shifted in his seat, only meaning to adjust himself a bit. She took it as a sign that he was getting ready to leave, though, and frowned immediately.
"Not yet," she said, clutching at his arm. "You're not getting away that easily."
"Wasn't trying to," he assured her, though she smirked at him, unconvinced.
"I just..." she began, reaching over and running her fingers over the bulge in his jeans.
He was still madly erect, his arousal causing his heart to pound in his chest like a hammer.
"...want to see..." she continued.
Her fingers pulled the button at the top of his jeans, the hole sliding around it easily and the fabric spreading open.
"...what I've been missing," she finished, and worked both halves of his jeans open more. His cock throbbed painfully, and he groaned as she leaned over and kissed him intensely.
"God..." she moaned, her hand gripping him through his underwear and squeezing. "Big," she muttered, stroking briefly. He felt her hand moving up to the top of his underwear and waited for the feeling of his painfully engorged cock to be free from its prison.
The sound of someone else in the room clearing her throat made him jump in surprise, his hands automatically moving to cover himself.
"Hi mom," Cass said, standing near the couch and staring down at them.
"Hi honey," Candy said, idly sitting back. "This is Don," she continued, gesturing at him as he tried to secretively close his pants again. "Don, this is my youngest, Cass."
"Nice to meet you," she said, reaching out to shake his hand.
He'd just then been able to somewhat clasp his jeans closed again and reached up to take her hand.
"Likewise," he said, blushing red in the dim light of the room.
"You came in through the garage?" Candy asked as Cass moved around the couch and flopped down next to her mother.
"Yeah," she said, as Don continued to try and look as normal as possible.
"How was the party?" Candy asked.
"It was getting crazier when I left," Cass said with a shrug. "Nothing too wild, though. I do have something I wanted to ask if you have a minute."
"Let me walk my date out and we can continue when I get back in," Candy said.
"Deal," Cass said and stood. "I'm gonna go change. It was nice to meet you, Don."
"You too," he said, standing up. He was still embarrassed and couldn't help but wonder how much the young woman had seen. He had no idea how long she'd been standing there.
Candy joined him, giggling as Cass disappeared into her room. "Sorry," she said. "I know that's a weird way for you guys to meet."
"Not ideal," he said, shaking his head.
"I know, but it'll be fine," she said, sliding her hand into his. "Promise."
He turned, heading to the door, then opening it and stepping outside.
"So... when are we gonna see each other again?" she asked. "Next weekend?"
"What's wrong with this week?" he asked, chuckling at her.
"I just figured that you'd be too freaked out until then," she said.
"Hell, I'm free tomorrow," he said.
"I am too," she added, shrugging at him.
"It's a date." He leaned in and kissed her as he finished. "Thank you for dinner and for a great evening," he said.
"Thank you," she replied. "Talk to you tomorrow?"
"Count on it," he said, and kissed her a final time before she slid from his grasp.
Several long looks back and sighs of resignation later, she finally disappeared inside. With a deep sigh, Don hopped into his truck and started it up, slowly pulling off for the trip back home.
***
As he drove home, Don tried to get rid of his embarrassment at what had just happened. Cass had been standing in a prime position to be able to see what he and her mother were doing. Candy hadn't been too embarrassed, and Cass obviously hadn't made a fuss, so he began to hope that she hadn't seen too much.
Still, Candy's incredible sexiness had been intoxicating. He was still hard as a rock for much of the drive home, and he wondered if he was going to need to take a cold shower to be able to sleep once he got there. He was pent up, of that there was no doubt. His nuts were aching, and he knew that he'd either have to take care of the problem himself or hope that he and Candy could find some time to be alone soon.
He pulled into the driveway and saw a few cars still parked in front of the house. There didn't seem to be very many lights still on and he didn't hear any noise, so the party was most likely winding down.
Inside, he was surprised to find that everyone he saw was already asleep. He went about locking up after checking the back yard for anyone out there, not wanting to strand them, and then made his way upstairs. Dexter's door was closed, as was Jack's, and he figured both of his boys were within. Not wanting to disturb them, he moved quietly down the hall to his own room and made his way through the darkness to the lamp on the bedside table.
Turning, he sat down and pulled off his shoes, then stood up. His phone, wallet, and keys were all tossed to the table, and he unzipped his jeans and began to slip them off. The sound of sheets rustling beside him made him pause with his pants halfway down his thighs. Reaching over, he clicked on the lamp and looked down to see Jessie sleeping soundly.
She was nude of course, and he took the opportunity to admire the lithe young woman's sexy body. She was laying on her stomach, one leg lifted up to the side and both arms tucked under the pillow. Her hair was pulled back over her ear and she was drooling cutely into the pillow.
Standing there lusting after the sleeping young vixen, he quickly began to feel like a creep and was about to turn off the light again when he noticed the tell-tale sign of cum leaking out of her pussy.
He felt a surge of arousal and winced, briefly closing his eyes before opening them again and drinking in the sight of her leaking sex.
Images of the times that they'd been together filled his head, and he could almost feel the tight wetness of her pussy clamping down ferociously on him. For the briefest of moments, he started to move forward, but then thought of Candy.
With a quiet groan, he slowly reached over to click the lamp off. Yanking his jeans up and immediately turning around, he headed straight for the bathroom. Deftly closing the door behind him, he made sure to lock it before turning on the water to the shower. That done, he stripped out of his jeans and underwear and looked down, seeing his freshly aroused cock bobbing upwards.
"Cold shower it is," he said to the empty room.
Without waiting any longer, he peeled off his shirt and stepped into the cold stream of water. It was like a slap in the face, and he was glad to feel his cock slowly begin to diminish. A few minutes of torture later, he stepped out and toweled off. Once he'd finished, he wrapped the towel around his waist, carefully unlocked the door, and eased it open.
The lamp was on, and Jessie was looking over at him and smiling widely.
"Hi Papa!" she said, sounding as if she hadn't just woken up. "Did you have fun on your date?"
He sighed and chuckled at the same time, shaking his head in resignation. Stepping out of the bathroom, he flipped off the light and made his way over to the dresser to get a fresh pair of underwear. As he pulled the drawer open, he felt the towel start to slip.
With all that he and the little hussy had been through together and done, he knew that there wasn't any point in hiding his nudity, and just let it go.
"I did," he said. "Candy is a delight. I really appreciate you and Erin helping me out with that."
"Of course!" she said. "Sorry if I'm taking up your bed. I just didn't have anywhere else I could sleep. Dex is tending to Donna in his room and all the other options seem to be taken."
"Oh, that's fine," he replied. "I'm sure I can find a spot somewhere."
"Oh no you don't," she said, frowning at him as he pulled a pair of underwear out and flopped them open. "There aren't anymore beds or couches available, and this isyourbed!"
He chuckled and turned toward her. "I know that," he told her. "But I really don't think it's a good idea for us to sleep in the same bed together."
"Aww," she said, frowning at him. "Is Papa scared that I might do something naughty to his delicious looking cock?"
"Scared? No," he stated. "Papa is quite positive that you'll do something naughty."
She giggled and didn't deny it.
"I'd totally let you fuck me if it was allowed," she said. "I'm all lubricated already and everything, see?"
She turned a bit, her rump moving up in the air as she reached back and slid a finger in her pussy, cum coating it as she pulled it out a few moments later.
"Jesus," he groaned, shaking his head.
"Come on, Papa," she giggled. "You've got other places you can stick it! Come join me in bed, so I can keep your cock warm. He looks cold!"
Don quickly slid his underwear on, though he knew that would do little to stifle Jessie's torment.
"Party pooper," she said, giggling again. "Come on and snuggle me."
She reached out for him and smiled, her expression changing to a more innocent looking one.
"Are you going to behave?" he asked.
"I promise!" she said, wiggling her fingers for him to join her.
"I'm serious, Spitfire," he said, moving toward the bed. "I'm really enjoying spending time with Candy and don't want to do anything to mess that up."
"Papa, I promise I can be good," she said, scowling at him. "Honest."
He figured that she'd still try to instigate things, but in truth, he was exhausted and really just wanted to sleep. As soon as slid into bed next to the naked little lunatic, after turning off the lamp, he covered himself with the sheet and tucked it between the two of them.
She giggled and slipped the sheet up and out of the way, turning and snuggling her butt directly up against him. He sighed hard, his cock throbbing back to life.
"This is behaving?" he said, fluffing his pillow for a moment and then laying his head down.
"Mmmhmm," she said, giggling again. "I could totally offer to give you a handjob or suck your cock, but I'm not."
"You're a saint," he deadpanned.
"So... tell me about your date," she prodded. "I promise not to get any flirtier."
He was still skeptical, of course, but went ahead and gave her a basic rundown of the date and how much fun it had been.
"Aww, you guys didn't get to fuck?" she asked.
He sighed, taking a moment to maintain control since his cock was still moderately erect and nuzzled comfortably up Jessie's butt crack. Each little wiggle and noise that came from the delectable little thing made him want to grab her hips and hammer his cock home. He didn't, though.
Candy's face kept appearing in his head, each time making him smile in the darkness. He wasn't going to fuck things up.
"No, we didn't," he said at last. "But I appreciate your concern. She's incredible."
"I'm so happy for you Papa," she said.
"Thanks, Spitfire," he chuckled. "I'm going to get some sleep now," he told her, and kissed the back of her head.
"'Kay!" she said happily. "Night!"
"Good night," he chuckled.
*****
Dexter
Sunday morning...
Jessie was snuggled up awfully close to him that morning. Normally she tended to drift away from him physically during the night when they slept in the same bed. It wasn't like her to be suctioned up against him, making them both sweat like they were in a sauna. Still too sleepy to open his eyes, he moved his head over and pressed his lips gently to her forehead.
Her legs were the first things to move, both of them pulling him closer to her as she nuzzled against his chest. Her nose pushed into his chest hair, and he felt her lips against his skin. A few seconds later, he managed to wake up enough to start opening his eyes. Jessie definitely didn't have brown hair.
"Donna," he stated.
He suddenly remembered that she'd been the one in his bed the night before. He'd promised her that he'd spend time with her, but she'd been too wasted to have any fun. He opened his eyes wider, but only saw the top of her head, her brown locks and unruly mess, but smelling wonderful.
"Mmmph," she muttered, then groaned as she slowly slid away from him and turned onto her back.
"Good morning," he said, smirking as she groaned again, her hands going up to begin rubbing her temples. "You uh... in a little pain?"
"Mmm," she moaned. "Hurts."
"Well... yeah... you drank alotlast night," he pointed out.
She managed to just barely open both eyes and turned to regard him, an irritated scowl on her face. He grinned widely at her.
"Ugh," she groaned, closing her eyes again.
"Aww, come on, sunshine!" he said, reaching over and tickling her ribs a bit.
She groaned in response, and turned away from him, bending at the waist.
"And I'm 'handsoming' so much this morning too," he said. "You're missing out."
She sighed hard and turned over to face him. Her scowl was still there, and she looked like she was trying to melt his face with heat from her eyes.
"So grumpy," he frowned, his tone playful. He reached up and pushed both sides of her mouth up with his fingers, mimicking a smile.
It took a few seconds, but she finally smirked at him, then collapsed back on the bed.
"Why did you let me drink that much?" she asked quietly.
"Like I could stop you from doing anything," he replied. "Did you black out?"
"No... I remember... things," she said unconvincingly. "Did I get crazy?"
"Not any more than normal," he told her. "Do you remember what happened with Daisy and her boyfriend?"
"Mmmhmm," she confirmed. "I'm really hoping it's finally over."
"That's what it seemed like," he said.
She turned over on her side again, looking up at him. She was unkempt and her make-up was slightly smeared, but she was still undeniably beautiful. The fact that she was nude certainly didn't hurt either.
"You broke your promise, jerk," she said.
The words were accusatory, but her tone was soft as she looked up at him demurely. She was clearly hung over and in pain, and the idea that she was trying to get him to have sex with her was absolutely ludicrous. Still, he was confident that he recognized what the look she was giving him meant. Her fingers sliding nonchalantly down his chest toward his cock only confirmed it.
"Donna..." he said.
"You owe me..." she protested, but then groaned and lifted her hand back up to her forehead.
"I didn't break my promise," he pointed out. "I brought you up to my room and had every intention of fucking your brains out, beautiful, but you werewaytoo drunk. It was all I could do to get you naked and in bed."
She sighed and turned to frown at him again. "Yeah, but I was naked and in bed then... so..."
"Donna... you were passed out drunk," he said, frowning back at her.
"You don't need permission from me, Dex," she said, and again started to try and appear more enticing. Her hangover was ruthless, though, and she immediately winced.
"Look," he began. "I'm not the type of guy to have sex with anyone passed out, even someone who I fuck regularly and has given me consent beforehand. You know better."
"Ugh... fine," she groaned. "But you still owe me since I can't even collect on it this morning."
He chuckled. "In too much pain to fuck me?"
"No, just too much pain to enjoy it," she countered. "I still want you to fuck me."
He laughed. Leaning into her, he pulled gently, his hands pressing tenderly into the soft skin of her lower back and causing her to sigh breathlessly. His lips brushed softly against hers and he felt his heart pounding harder and harder in his chest. He opened his eyes again and looked at her, his hand moving up to brush a stray lock of hair from her face.
His eyes strayed down to her face, her freckle-dappled nose causing him to smile as a swell of affection grew within him. He let his eyes wander, moving from them to her cheeks, full and rosy, then to her eyes after. The emerald orbs were boring into him, and he felt strangely comfortable under the unabashed attention she was giving him.
He ran his thumb across her full, pouty lips, moving it to the back of her neck and pulling her gently forward for another kiss. After a soft moan worked its way free from her, he slid back and began to extricate himself from her and the bedsheets.
"Damn," she said, causing him to turn and look back down at her. "Youare'handsoming' hard this morning."
He laughed and reached down to grab a pillow and throw it at her.
"Why didn't you get drunk last night?" she asked. "Didn't you want to let loose a little?"
"I drank a little, but I made a promise to a certain brunette to rail her senseless, so I was trying to stay sober enough to where I could do that."
"I told you not to fuck my sister," she said, smirking at him.
"Mmmhmm," he said, knowing full well that she knew he was talking about her. "I could have too, you weresodrunk."
"Ugh," she said, turning and sliding from the bed. She took a bit to gain her bearings and steady herself before standing. A chorus of moans and groans accompanied her as she stood and made her way over to where her clothes had been tossed. "I wasn'tthatbad, was I?"
"Not until late at night," he said. "But you were drunk enough to tell me loved me, you lush."
She turned and looked at him, wide-eyed for a few seconds. "I... I did?" she asked.
"Yeah," he said with a chuckle. "Be glad that it was just us in here, or people would have really made fun of you."
She frowned at him, scowling playfully. "Don't be a jerk."
"You're the one that said it," he pointed out as she stepped up to him.
"Yeah, but as you said, I was drunk," she replied. "It didn't mean anything."
"Did that hangover make you loopy or something?" he asked. "You're acting strange."
"Oh, fuck you!" she snapped, and punched him hard in the stomach. "I'm not acting weird. We're just friends and you're a jerk for not fucking me when I was sleeping!"
She stomped past him heading for the door as he doubled over clutching his stomach. A few feet before she got there, she stopped and turned. He groaned, finally able to catch his breath as she came back around to face him.
"I'm sorry..." she said. "I just... I wanted to say..."
The door opened then, and Jessie came inside, smiling happily and almost vibrating from excitement she looked so chipper.
"Hi guys!" she said. "How are you two this wonderful morning?"
Donna looked at him briefly, but then turned and grinned at Jessie. He had no idea what the heck was going on with her this morning.
"I'm hungover as hell, and your boyfriend didn't fuck me last night," she said, frowning.
"Ugh, that jerk!" Jessie said. "You were all passed out and everything!"
"Right?" Donna said, the two laughing.
"Oh, be nice to my baby," Jessie said, sneaking in and snuggling up to him. "You know he wouldn't try and take advantage of you when you're like that."
"Don't I know it," Donna said, sighing deeply. "I... better go shower," she said.
"If you give me a second, I'll totally join you!" Jessie said ebulliently.
Donna waved dismissively and turned, leaving the room.
"Morning baby!" she said, looking up at him.
"Morning," he said. "How was your night?"
"So much fun!" she said. "I wish I could have spent it with you more, but I still had a blast!"
"Good," he said with a chuckle. "Did you find a couch to sleep on?"
"Nope!" she said, grinning like a cat. "Your dad came home and happened to find me in his bed!"
Dex turned and looked at her, eager to hear how much flirty torture she'd inflicted on his dad.
"Unfortunately, he didn't want to fuck me in the butt, or let me jerk him off or anything!"
She frowned animatedly at him after she fell silent. Laughing, he pulled her up to him and sat down on the bed with her in his lap.
"You're ridiculous, you know that?" he told her. "So... his date went well?"
She nodded and began to detail what she could from what he'd told her.
"Well, that's great!" he said. "I'll have to tell him he did good."
"I just wish I'd been able to get him to let me make him cum," she said, frowning. "That would have been okay, right?"
"By me, yeah," Dex confirmed. "But remember, he asked if you'd calm down with trying to seduce him. I mean, it's not surprising that he got off his date, had a great time, and didn't want you to jerk him off. You get that, right?"
"Oh, of course I do," she said, frowning at him. "I'm not an idiot, Dex."
"I didn't mean it like that baby," he said.
She shrugged and leaned in to kiss him again. "I love you."
He smiled and nuzzled her nose for a moment, then said, "I love you."
"I'm gonna go get that dirty Donna clean, and then maybe I can make breakfast for anyone still here and up?"
He grinned and nodded. She immediately bounced out of his lap and went to the door of his room. Jack happened to be passing by in that moment, heading for his room.
"Hi Jack!" she said. "Want to cum in my mouth really quick?"
"I'm good Jess," he said, turning and smirking at Dex.
Dex chuckled and shrugged.
"'Kay!" she said and skipped her happy way to the bathroom.
"Dude... is she ever like... chill?" Jack asked, pausing in the doorway.
"Rarely," Dex revealed. "I have no idea where she gets all that damn energy."
Jack chuckled, giving him a friendly nod of the head before turning and stepping out of the door.
"She's gonna be making breakfast in a few, if you're hungry," he called out.
There was no response from Jack, though, and Dex hastily threw on some clean clothes. He stepped out into the hall but didn't see anyone. His father's door was closed as well, so he'd have to check in with him later.
He went downstairs to check on things but stopped off first in the bathroom to relieve himself. Once he was done there, he quickly went through the house to start picking up trash but wasn't able to find much. He was about to check outside when Daisy came back in holding a bag of trash.
"You didn't have to do that," he said as she looked up and saw that she'd been busted.
"Least I could do to say thanks since you let us use your house," she said. "Well, not theonlything I could do to say thank you, I guess."
Dex saw her grinning playfully at him, then noticed her tongue slide enticingly from her lips for a moment, sliding along the surface before disappearing again. She was undeniably sexy, even half put together as she was that morning. Her makeup was a mess, as was her hair, but she was substantially more clothed than Donna had been. Not that it mattered, though, he realized as his cock throbbed.
"Here," he said, reaching for the trash bag in her hand.
She snickered quietly but handed it over.
"You know, Icankeep secrets," Daisy said. "From Donna, I mean, not Jessie."
"Jessie wouldn't care in the least," he said with a laugh as he carried the bag toward the door to the garage, Daisy following behind. He paused though, turning to regard her. "Well... I guess I should say that she wouldn't be upset. She'd probably like it."
Daisy giggled, nodding in agreement.
Dex turned and walked to the door, opened it and went inside. Dropping the trash off into the bin, he turned and went back the way he'd come, but saw that Daisy had come in and closed it behind her. She was looking at him directly, one hand sliding along the line of her shirt, caressing her cleavage.
"Daisy... I promised your sister..." he reminded her as she started to sink to her knees.
He reached out as he stepped up close, taking her hand and helping her back up as she frowned animatedly at him.
"I just wanted to see what she's so protective of again," she said, pouting at him.
"I'm just trying to keep the drama to a minimum," he said. "I'd be a lucky guy if I got to doanythingwith you."
"You're sweet," she said, and leaned in close, kissing him on the cheek.
The two went back inside and shut the door. Dex offered to get her a drink, but she declined and went to sit on the couch. He took a moment to start a fresh pot of coffee before going to join her.
"So, you and my brother seemed to hit it off," he said.
She smiled and shrugged. "He's nice; different than Tyson, for sure."
Dex nodded. "Yeah, he's a good guy, and not just because he's my brother."
"He seems like it," she agreed, nodding. "We talked for a while last night before I fell asleep next to him."
"Sounds like you had fun," he ventured.
"Nothing happened," she said, snickering. "I just broke up with Tyson, remember?"
"I didn't figure that anything had," he added.
"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't attracted to him," she said. "I told him that I'm wanting to come back here for school next semester."
"Like a month from now?" he asked.
She confirmed with a nod. "There's just a lot to do before then. But... yeah, I could definitely see us dating."
Dex smiled happily. "I'm glad. He's a genuinely good guy, and a great brother."
Jason and John both emerged from the den at that point, and Dex offered a wink to Daisy as the two came over and sat down. John seemed to be just fine, and Dex looked at him curiously.
"You're not hungover?" he asked.
"Hell naw," John said. "I'm a master at getting' fucked up." He looked around briefly. "Where's everyone else?"
"I haven't seen Debbie and Natalie, but everyone else went home last night," Dex said. "Our girlfriends are showering though."
"Shit, I'm dirty too," John said, standing up.
Dex laughed and joined him, but John didn't head upstairs as he'd expected him to do.
"We need to clean shit up outside?" he asked instead, surprising Dex.
"I haven't looked, but I think Daisy took care of it," he said.
He turned to regard her, but she was conversing intently with her brother.
"You did? Jason Erickson!" Daisy said, and lightly slapped him on the arm, her look of shock turning into a happy grin.
John was heading toward the patio door though, so Dex turned to follow and see if there was anything that needed cleaning. Once out there, he saw that there were a few pieces of loose clothing and a small amount of trash and leaves floating in the pool. He went and grabbed the net and began to fish things out while John picked up the little that Daisy hadn't seen.
A short while later, the two went back inside. Daisy and Jason were laughing and talking quietly on the couch. He saw her sweetly reach out and hug her younger brother, though the young man was blushing.
"I'm so happy for you," Daisy said. "You need to thanksomeone, though," she said.
"I was gonna," the young man protested and stood.
Dex still didn't know what the two were talking about, though, and turned when he heard Jessie pounding down the stairs with Donna walking slowly behind.
"Breakfast time!" Jessie called out, and immediately went to the kitchen and started cooking.
***
After Jessie made everyone in the house come and eat at least something, the group cleaned the mess up, despite her angry protests that she would handle all of it.
Once everything was back in order, the group gathered their things together to get ready to leave. It was Jack that pointed out that Tyson might be at the apartment when Donna and her family got back there. So, the group decided that they'd all head over together.
As the other finished getting dressed and getting their stuff together, Dex grabbed his wallet, keys, and phone, then went to check on his dad.
He'd joined them at breakfast, but had been most quiet, save for answering a few questions about his date the night before.
Dex found him in his room at his desk, working on something.
"Hey dad," he said, knocking on the door frame.
"Son," he called. "Did uh... Jessie..."
"She mentioned that she tried to get you to play last night, so I'm sorry if..."
"No!" his father said immediately. "I mean... she did, but we just slept next to each other."
Dex waved a hand dismissively. "It's fine, really."
"I just wanted to make sure that you knew that nothing happened, and that I still want her to cool it with the flirting with me," he said, smiling at his son.
"She knows," Dex said. "But... she's Jessie," he said. That really did explain things to those people that knew her.
His dad chuckled and shrugged his shoulders in defeat.
"I just wanted to let you know that I'm glad your date went well last night," he said.
"Yeah... she's somethin' else," his dad said, a smile coming to his face.
"We're all heading back over to the apartment," Dex said. "If you find anything that needs cleaning, just leave me a note and I'll get to it. I think we got everything, though."
"Will do," his dad said, smiling as Dex turned and began to head back downstairs.
***
Surprisingly, to Dex at least, Tyson was nowhere to be seen when the group got back to the apartment. They confirmed that all his stuff was gone after checking the apartment, but to Dex's surprise, the group seemed to be a little irritated by that fact. He was glad the dipshit was gone.
"Well... shit," Jason said.
The rest of the family seemed to be of the same opinion about the situation, and the general mood darkened.
"What's the matter?" Jessie asked as she, Jack, and Dex joined the group in the crowded living room.
"We all rode up here with Tyson," Daisy said. "He probably drove back home last night."
"Well, we wouldn't want to ride back with him, regardless," Debbie pointed out.
"True," Daisy agreed.
Dex was temporarily at a loss as well. John's truck wouldn't fit 5 people in it, and neither Donna's, nor Jessie's cars would fit that manyandall the luggage they'd brought. The family started to discuss getting a cab or renting a car of some kind.
Dex had a sudden thought and looked down at Jessie. She turned and smiled up at him while the conversation continued around them.
"Do you think I should offer to drive them?" he asked.
"Ooo!" she said excitedly. "That's so sweet of you! You wouldn't mind?"
"Of course not," he said, "I just don't want it to be weird or anything."
"I don't think it would be," she told him.
"You can probably tag along too, if you want," he suggested.
"Aww, I'd love to, but I promised John that I'd take him up to Double D's for a possible job interview," she told him, frowning. "Would you like me to go? I can always take him another day."
Dex chuckled and kissed her on the forehead. "I was just offering, babe. You don't have to change your plans."
"'Kay," she said happily. "I really want him to find a job and be happy!" Turning, she cleared her throat and called out, "Guys! What if Dex drove you?"
Immediately the group started to decline the offer, saying that they'd figure something out.
"I really don't mind," he said. "No one else has a vehicle that will hold all of you and your bags. I'm not busy today and it isn'tthatfar."
"It's nearly 5 hours," Donna said, frowning at him.
"It's fine," he said dismissively. "Really."
The group began to murmur, talking about the idea, but eventually couldn't come up with a good enough reason not to take him up on the kind offer.
"You're sure you don't mind?" Debbie asked finally.
Dex chuckled and shook his head. The group immediately began to start packing up all their things and getting ready to leave. After a minute or so, Dex glanced over and saw Jack standing around and watching the scene. A thought occurred to him, and he walked over.
"You uh... wanna tag along?" Dex asked. "I'll have room for you."
At first Jack seemed to hesitate.
Dex knew what would likely convince him. "You can get to know Daisy, and the alternative is staying here with my girlfriend and keeping her company."
Jack smirked. "You know... that's not necessarily a bad thing."
"Oh?" Dex asked, surprised. "Are you coming around to Jessie's way of thinking?"
"Let's just say that... she can be persuasive," Jack clarified. "Yeah, I can stand to take a ride with you. Maybe I'll drive back."
"Sure," Dex said.
Donna had been busy helping her sisters and brother getting packed up, but as the group went about their business, she saw him and Jack standing and talking and immediately walked over.
"You don't have to do this," she said, and he was surprised to see her looking a little sad.
Dex shrugged. "I really don't mind."
"I can call my dad and he can come get them," she continued.
"Donna... it's no trouble, honestly."
She looked at him intently for a few seconds, not saying anything.
"What?" he asked, confused.
"Are you going to keep your promise?" she asked.
"I have work and school tomorrow, so I have to be back tonight," he said. "I can spend it here with you if Jessie and John are still good with it."
"About Daisy," she snapped. "You're not just trying to get to know her better so you can have sex with her, are you?" She'd moved up close to him, her voice dropping low so the others around them wouldn't be able to easily hear.
He scowled briefly at her. "Donna... we're going to be in the same car with your other sister and brother. What exactly do you think I can make happen there?"
She sighed hard and clutched at his chest for a moment, her head dropping forward. After a few seconds, she looked back up at him.
"Just promise me you're not wanting to fuck her," she said quietly.
"I promise, Donna," he said, growing a little exasperated. "Jack is even going with me so that he can get to know her better, okay?"
He realized he sounded a little angrier than he'd intended and immediately felt bad.
"I'm sorry," she said. "I just... want my time with you, okay? I hate having to compete for your attention."
He sighed and kissed her briefly on the forehead, not really understanding what was driving all this drama. "I'm not one to break my promises, okay? I'm going to spend time with you as soon as I can, and I'm not hoping to accidentally fuck your little sister or something."
"I'm sorry," she repeated, and looked up at him sadly.
"Donna, it's fine," he said. "I'm just trying to help."
"I know, and I appreciate it," she said.
One of her sisters called out for her then, asking if she knew where something had gotten moved to, and she immediately went to go and see. As she disappeared, Dex looked around to see if anyone else had seen the odd exchange, hoping to see what they thought was wrong with her. No one had though, Jack included. His brother was busy carrying a suitcase out to Dex's truck, and everyone else was just as busy.
Dex sprang into motion and started to help carry things down, Donna's weirdness all but forgotten.
*****
Don
Sunday morning...
Amazingly, Jessie had done as she'd promised she would, and actually left him alone the entire night that they'd been snuggled up together. He'd been roused several times throughout with a painful erection still pushing against her backside, as was to be expected when you were in the position he was in with the delectable little tart. Still, it had been a pleasant surprise to find that he was left unmolested the whole time, and even more so that Jessie didn't wake him up with a 'good morning blowjob' or anything ridiculous like that. She wasn't even in the room when he finally awakened, in fact. Once he'd sufficiently gotten his erection to subside, he got dressed and went downstairs to the murmur of conversation.
After the young folks had been made to eat breakfast by the young firecracker, Don was surprised to find that the house and back yard were surprisingly clean. He'd figured that Dex and Jessie would get everything clean, but not before he'd even gotten up that morning. The talkative group left soon after eating and he went to get some work done before he reached out to see if Candy wanted to go on a date.
He was just then finishing sending off a report that was due for work when Dexter called him and let him know about the situation with Donna's family.
"Okay," Don told him after Dex explained that he'd be driving them but would be back that evening, and that Jack was tagging along. "Just check the tires before you go and don't forget to fill up with gas."
"I will," Dex assured him. "See you tonight. Oh, Jessie won't likely be back over there today. She's helping John find a job, so you'll have the house to yourself if you and Candy want to spend some time alone."
Don chuckled at the thought. "I appreciate that, son. I might just do that."
"Love ya, pop," Dex said, and hung up the phone.
Don immediately texted Candy to see if she was free. To his surprise, he saw her calling him a few seconds later.
"Listen here, mister," she began. "It's already 10 AM. I've already got ten other dates lined up!"
Don laughed. "Is that right?" he asked. "Well, shit, a day late and a dollar short again!"
"Of course, I'm free!" she said. "What do you have in mind?"
"Well, my house should be empty for most of the day," he said. "Dex and Jack are going to be out, and Jessie shouldn't be making an appearance."
"So... there won't be any naked college students around to spoil our fun?" she asked.
"I doubt that there will be," he chuckled. "We can..."
"Swim?" she asked. "Is your pool still swimmable?"
"Yeah, they used it last night, apparently," he said. The thought of Candy in a bikini sent a jolt of excitement through him. He was positive that she looked incredible in one.
"Ooo, is it safe?" she asked.
"Yeah, I removed all the condoms," he joked. "Actually, they did a really good job of cleaning up the mess. So... you and I... swimming... suits optional?"
"Definitely!" she said. "But it might have to wait until later this afternoon. I promised my daughter Cass that we could spend some time together today."
"That's fine," he said. "But you're welcome to bring whoever you like with you, too."
There were a few moments of silence before she spoke again, and he began to wonder if the offer was too creepy.
"You wouldn't mind?" she asked.
"Not at all!" he said. "I can barbecue if you want, and we can just make a day of it."
She was quiet for a few more seconds, and he began to wonder if ithadbeen too creepy.
"You just keep doing it, mister," she said. "You keep saying the right things and surprising me. It means a lot that you don't mind my girls tagging along. Do you need me to pick some stuff up on my way?"
"Nah, I'll run out and get it," he said.
"Nonsense," she said. "Just text me a list of what we need, and I'll stop and get it on my way."
"I can do that," he said with a chuckle. "And you're welcome to come over whenever you like."
"See you soon!" she said and hung up.
His excitement renewed, Don immediately finished up sending off the report he'd been working on and stood and headed to get cleaned up.
Even though he'd taken a shower the night before, that was the first item on his agenda. He washed thoroughly and groomed himself, then went and found his best-looking swim trunks along with an appropriate shirt. From there, he went and straightened up what little was left to do, then went and checked the inventory in the kitchen to see what he'd need.
Shooting off a quick list of a few things that Candy could pick up, he made his way outside and straightened up a little out there before returning to the house. Candy texted him not long after and let him know when she'd be there.
He checked the time and was surprised at how soon she was going to be there. He quickly grew nervous at the thought of seeing her again, but it was a good feeling. He felt like a bit of a perv, but he couldn't get the idea of seeing Candy in a bikini out of his head. Just the idea of seeing her spectacularly big breasts in a revealing garment again was enough to get him worked up.
Luckily, he didn't have to wait long, as about an hour later she knocked on the front door. Taking a deep breath and clearing his head in hopes of not verbally embarrassing himself again, he opened the door and smiled, seeing her standing there.
"Hey!" he said, opening the door and stepping out of the way so that she could come in. "Come on in."
"Hey handsome," she said, grinning just as widely and pausing to give him a kiss as she stepped through.
Don let her through and glanced outside to make sure no one else was coming, then shut the door and turned to follow her into the kitchen. Once there, she set the shopping bags down on the counter and turned back toward him. Without hesitation, she stepped back in close and kissed him deeply, her body molding to his touch as he pulled her toward him.
"Hey there," she said, her hands moving up and resting on his chest before she leaned in and kissed him again.
"Hey yourself," he answered. "I've been looking forward to seeing you again."
"Me too," she said, smiling sweetly.
Another few kisses passed between them before he let her go. She turned and started unbagging things from the grocery bags and went to put them in the refrigerator. He was struck again at how natural it seemed to be with her. She just seemed to know how to exist with him in his world like she'd been doing it for ages.
"So... my girls should be over in a little bit, and I hope you don't mind that Erin is bringing her boyfriend," she said, crumbling up the empty bags. "Do you save these?" she asked, holding them up.
He gestured to a drawer set into the island. "The more the merrier," he said. "At least, I'm fine with them being here. I wouldn't want the whole group from last night to be here. I was looking forward to spending time with you and not having to worry about much else."
"Oh, I agree!" she said, coming over and taking his hand. "If we hadn't been out three consecutive nights in a row, I wouldn't have bothered to invite either of my daughters. I was feeling guilty though."
"Oh, damn, Candy, I'm sorry," he frowned. "I hope I'm not taking up all your time."
"No, no!" she said quickly, shaking her head as they left the kitchen and walked toward the living room. "I didn't mean it like that! There was no way I wasn't going to take the opportunity to see you, I just know that Cass had been wanting some time."
"Are you sure?" he asked, wondering if she was being polite.
"Cass was actually very excited when I told her about coming over and swimming," Candy said. "Plus, we had some girl-time this morning and talked. I promise, this is a good thing."
He was curious what their talk entailed but wasn't going to ask, of course.
"As long as your sure," he said. "I want to see you, but I don't want to make anyone dislike me."
They walked together, holding hands, and he gave her another tour of the house, the first one having been in the dark two nights before. They ended up outside by the pool, and he again found himself wondering what her swimsuit was going to end up looking like. He figured that the chances of seeing her in a bikini were slim with her daughters coming, but that actually grew to a be a comforting thought. He didn't need any extra stimulation with as sexy as Candy already was in normal clothing.
"Don't worry about it," she said with dismissive wave of her hand. "Cass and Erin were both excited. Plus, I know Alec will take any excuse he can to see his girlfriend in a bikini."
Don felt a surge of excitement at the thought of the two young women showing up scantily clad, but it quickly turned to chagrin. He definitely didn't need to start perving out on his new love-interest's daughters.
"Although," she began, squeezing his arm and stopping their stroll to turn and look at him directly, "I do have to warn you about my oldest and her boyfriend. I told her to keep things G-rated while we're over, but I'm honestly just hoping that it stays PG."
"Oh?" he asked, a little lost as to what she was getting at.
"But," she continued, "knowing Alec and my Erin, you and I might have to make an exit if the two of them start to go at each other."
The idea of someone fucking someone else in front of him used to be a completely foreign concept. But... Jessie happened. So, there was that. Still... it was surprising to hear that Candy had similar problems.
"Well, as Friday night showed, I'm getting more and more used to people breaking out and having sex in front of me," he said, smirking at her. He intended it as a joke, but quickly felt trepidatious about how it would land.
"Oh, that's right!" Candy said, giggling. "I'd forgotten about that! I guess I'll just tell them to have it then!"
Don smirked at her, shaking his head, and she giggled in response.
They walked and talked for a few more minutes, eventually ending up on some lounge chairs near the pool. The small talk continued for another half-hour or so before she checked her phone and stood.
"They should be here soon," she announced, so he turned to lead her back inside.
Returning to the kitchen, Don began to prep the hamburgers while he and Candy continued to talk. He kept finding himself musing about how great it felt to just be around her, and more than once found himself staring.
After he'd mixed up the ingredients into the meat, he pounded out some patties and set them in the fridge just in time for the doorbell to ring. Candy turned and left the room, reappearing a minute later with the new arrivals following behind.
"Hey Don!" Alec said, coming in behind Candy.
"Good to see you again, Alec," he said, reaching out and shaking the young man's hand. He only vaguely remembered him from Dex's party and only knew his name because Candy had mentioned it.
"This might be a little surreal without Dex and Jessie here," Alec said, grinning.
"Definitely a lot calmer," Don said, offering a smile.
"You can say that again," Erin said, coming around and giving him a hug. "Hi Mr. Reynolds."
He smiled, patting her on the back platonically and turned to see the other daughter, Cass, standing beside her mother and smiling. He felt a moment of panic that passed quickly, remembering how she'd caught he and Candy in a compromising position the night before, and briefly wondered if she'd actually seen anything.
"Hi Mr. Reynolds," she said, waving.
He snapped back to reality, smiled, then offered a little wave. "Cass," he said. "Nice to see everyone again. Y'all make yourselves at home. Drinks are in the fridge if your thirsty and I'm just about to get the meat started."
Cass, Erin, and Alec all turned, talking to each other as they made their way to the back yard.
He turned, seeing Candy watching him quietly with a curious smile on her face.
"What?" he asked, smirking at her.
She came over to him again and kissed him, shaking her head. "Just excited," she said after a few seconds. "Happy."
"Good," he told her. "I like you being happy."
She giggled quietly, lowering her head demurely for a few seconds before looking back up at him. "Then just keep doing everything right, honey," she said, stroking his chest idly.
The sound of her calling him honey made his heart start beating faster and caused a surge of elation to rush through him. He had to force himself to focus and calm down before his excitement about the possible future he could build with her caused him to ruin everything.
"Mmm... I think you liked hearing that," she said, smiling at him.
He looked her curiously and asked, "And how can you tell?"
"Well, I can feel your heart beating through your chest," she pointed out. She giggled briefly, then leaned in and kissed him. "I keep telling myself to calm the fuck down," she whispered, leaning her head forward and resting it on his.
"I know what you mean," he said, chuckling. He pulled back a bit and kissed her, then took her hand. "Come on, gorgeous. I've got to start the grill and you still haven't let me see what you're going to swim in."
"That's because it's supposed to be a surprise," she said, winking at him. "Cass and I went shopping this morning."
He grinned despite his best attempt to keep himself from doing so.
"So... you go ahead and go outside and I'll... just go change," she told him.
"Yes ma'am," he said, and gave her a kiss on the cheek before letting go of her hand. "Don't be too long."
She giggled as she walked toward where she'd tossed her bag when she'd arrived.
With a long last look at her ass as it swayed away from him, Don smiled to himself and turned to head out back.
He wasn't really paying attention when he opened the door and went out, musing as he was about Candy's impending entrance and how glorious it was destined to be. When he shut the door behind him and turned to walk over to the grill, he glanced over to the other three and immediately felt like a lecher.
Erin had already pulled off her outerwear and was in her bikini. It wasn't leaving much to the imagination, much to his chagrin. It wasn't exactly lewd, but he figured that it wouldn't stay in place long if she were to jump in the pool or even splash around the slightest little bit. It was emerald green and absolutely ridiculously small. But again, everything was covered, at least technically.
The panels covering each of her breasts were large enough to do so, but it seemed that the garment was just about as tight on her as it could possibly get, and even from across the yard he could see her nipples sticking up prominently.
The bikini bottom was only slightly more modest, stopping mid-way up her pubic region, and he was quite sure that he'd have been able to see her pubic hair peeking out if he looked hard enough. That thought made him realize that he'd stared long enough, and he looked away.
Unfortunately, he happened to look over at Cass, and was again dumbstruck by the sight. Cass was about the same height as her sister, and had the same size breasts, but her bikini was pale pink in color. It took seemed to be way too small, and he briefly wondered if that was the fashion now.
He'd looked over just as she was stripping off her shirt, the edge of which had caught the underside of both of her breasts and pulled them up. The fabric of her bikini thankfully stayed in place, but the shirt slipping off the orbs sent them bouncing back down for a moment and made him bump into the grill.
He looked down quickly and then back over at the three, quietly thankful that none of them had seemed to notice. He was again thankful a few seconds later when he realized that Candy had missed the scene.
He tried to force himself to look back down at the grill and was actually successful for about ten seconds. He managed to turn the grill on and stared intently at nothing afterward. Inevitably he was drawn back to the laughter on the other side of the pool and looked over again.
For whatever reason, Cass was taking her time getting ready to swim. She'd shucked the shirt and was just standing there talking to Erin when he'd looked back over. He glanced over at the older sister and saw Alec step closer to her, laughing at some unheard comment, then simply reach over and open fondle his girlfriend's bikini-covered breast.
He expected Erin to smack his hand away, but she just continued on conversing with Cass. He glanced back at the other sister and saw her turn around and step over to one of the lounge chairs. Unable to tear his eyes away, he watched like some kind of creep as she faced away from him and began to slide her shorts down, bending at the waist as she pushed the clothing down to her calves and stepped out of it. That ridiculous act completed, she stepped out of them and turned, continuing the conversation as if nothing was different.
His cock throbbed to life.
He finally managed to force himself to look away, shaking his head and silently admonishing himself for perving out of his potential love-interest's daughters. He sighed, feeling embarrassed as he lifted the lid of the grill and began to clean it.
A few minutes later, the back door opened, and he spun around to catch his first look at Candy in her bathing suit. He scowled at her playfully, seeing that she was wearing a long silky wrap that concealed the suit.
"Patience," she bade him, and offered him a playful pout.
He raised an eyebrow at her, wondering how long she was going to torment him.
She came over to him but stopped about five feet away and dropped the wrap without hesitation. Her hands moved up to her hips and she smiled, presenting herself for his approval.
"Damn," he said, his cock throbbing as he drank in the vision. He glanced over at the others to make sure they weren't watching him, then back at Candy. Reaching down, he adjusted the swiftly growing erection in his swim trunks to a more subtle and more comfortable position.
Candy smiled widely. "That's all I need to know," she said, stepping over.
Her suit was crimson, and while it was on the small side, it was no where near as revealing as her daughters' suits were. Still, her incredible body made it seem like it was much lewder than it actually was.
Her stomach was pale and pristine, as if she were a much younger woman. It was taut and she very clearly worked out. He began to feel a little apprehensive about his own on body, even though he took care of himself.
Her breasts looked were absolutely spectacular, easily the sexiest he'd seen in a while. They were obviously larger than her daughters sported, and easily bigger than any woman he'd ever been with including his wife. Both of the curvaceous orbs protruded perkily out from her chest, seemingly belonging to, once again, a younger woman. Only Jessie's spectacular rack stood any chance of beating Candy's in a contest, and he'd have to give that some real thought.
"I'm glad you approve," she said, drawing him back from his brief reverie.
"Sorry," he said, blushing a bit and quietly shaking his head to himself.
"Don't you dare apologize," she said. "That's exactly the reaction I was hoping for."
He smiled, again taken by surprise at how she seemed to really enjoy him being himself, even as pervy and inappropriate as he felt he was being.
"You... look..." he began but was unable to finish as he once again stared at her delectable form.
"Flatterer," she said, giving him an amused giggle.
"No," he said, shaking his head. "Damn."
"Thanks," she said. "But I better get a good show out of you in return."
"Oh?" he asked. "Do I need to dance around for you?"
She snickered at the comment and shook her head.
"I'll put the food on and join you guys in the pool in a bit," he said. "I'll just keep an eye on you from over here until then."
"I know you will," she said confidently, and gave him an intense kiss before turning and walking away. "I can feel you staring at my ass," she said, pausing and turning around to look back at him.
"Yeah..." he said, his eyes lingering on her perfectly curvy, womanly ass.
She snickered and turned, walking over to the pool and sliding in. As she did so, he could swear he noticed her adding a little bit of sway to her walk.
Not bothering to wait for the grill to get completely ready, Don finished watching her as she slid effortlessly into the water then hurried inside. Emerging with the meat, he quickly put it on the grill and lowered the temperature, finally closing the lid before heading over toward the pool.
Erin, Cass, and Alec were all swimming down in the deep end, splashing and playing while Candy floated calmly in the shallow end. He kicked off his sandals and stripped out of the shirt he was wearing, turning to toss it away from the pool.
"Damn is right," Candy said quietly, causing him to turn back around to her. She was smiling widely, openly ogling him as he stood there at the edge.
"Oh hush," he said, hopping straight down into the water without hesitation.
"Hush nothing, you're damn good looking," she said. "I'm... pleasantly surprised, to be honest."
"Oh?" he asked. "You thought I was going to be a little soggier around the waist, didn't you?"
"Yeah, but that's the standard for people our age," she pointed out. "But you look...good," she told him. "How the fuck are you single?"
He rolled his eyes as she slid close to him, her hands finding his under the water. "Look who's talking, miss supermodel."
"Oh please," she said.
"Please nothing," he said. "If I didn't know better, I'd have to ask for proof that you're not... uh...enhanced," he said, his eyes dropping to her spectacular rack meaningfully.
"Oh, these are definitely all me," she said, reaching up and squeezing both of her breasts momentarily. "I'm sure you'll get to test them out soon enough," she said, playfully sticking her tongue out.
He closed his eyes for a moment, his cock throbbing again in his trunks.
"Am I making things difficult for you?" she asked.
"You damn sure know you are," he said under his breath, but still loud enough for her to hear.
"Good," she said, and slid playfully out of his grasp.
He splashed water at her in response, which she quickly did right back at him.
He and Candy continued to relax in the water together, talking and flirting while Alec, Erin, and Cass all played around in the deep end. After a little while, Cass and Erin got out and went to get situated on the loungers to get some sun, Alec joining them a few minutes later.
"Gonna check the burgers. Can I get you anything? A drink?" Don asked, moving to the edge of the pool and looking down at Candy
"You go check the burgers; I can handle the drinks," she said. "Erin, come here please," she called out as he stepped up out of the pool and over to the grill.
"Yes ma'am," Erin called out, slowly rising from the lounger and heading over to the pool.
She and Candy had a brief conversation that ended with Erin nodding. She briefly went back over to the others and spoke with them, then headed toward Don.
"What can I get you Don?" she asked, smiling at him.
"Oh, I can manage," he said, forcing his eyes to stay on hers and not drop down to ogle her delicious young body.
"No you don't!" Candy called out. "She can get it for you. Don't be polite."
"I don't mind," Erin said.
"I'll uh... take a beer I guess," he said.
"Do you mind if I get one for Alec?" she asked.
"Not at all," he said.
Candy slid from the water as Erin went inside, Don forcing himself not to spin around to look at the ass of the young woman and ogling Candy instead. She walked over to her bag and rummaged around inside, then pulled out a bottle of sunscreen.
She went over to an open lounge chair and proceeded to make his cock throb even harder by slowly and deliberately covering every exposed inch of her incredibly desirable flesh with the ointment. That little show made him feel like a very lucky man.
It was when Cass took her turn doing the same thing that he felt like a complete pervert. He repeatedly forced himself to focus on the meat as he flipped the burgers over and checked them for doneness.
Cass finished and unceremoniously offered the bottle to Alec, but he only took a little and haphazardly spread it on himself, then handed it back to the young woman. She stood and began to walk over to Don holding the bottle, stopping a few feet away and holding it up.
"Do you need some, Mr. Reynolds?" she asked.
"Oh... uh... yeah," he said, but then looked at his hands and then back down at the meat. "I'll uh..."
"I don't mind," she said, popping the lid off and moving closer.
"Thank sweetheart!" Candy called out.
Cass seemed almost bored with the task, gently pouring some of the white liquid into her palm and then rubbing them both together before she gestured for Don to turn away from her. Her hands were soft as she rubbed the sunscreen into his shoulders and back, and he forced himself to focus on the grill as she worked.
"Turn around for me?" she asked, and he steeled his resolve as he did so.
He faced her and saw her pouring more of the liquid into her palms, then looking up at his chest while she rubbed her hands together. Moving as if it were a boring, pedantic task that she was having to do, she rubbed the ointment into his chest, seemingly getting ever speck of skin she could. If it wasn't for the delicate, almost tantalizing way she was running her fingers and hands across his skin, he would have been able to focus on other things.
He was looking up the clouds for most it, his face turned skyward to give her access to his neck, but more appropriately, to prevent him from ogling her lithe young body. That made it much easier to behave his damn self.
"There we go," she said, running her palm across the flat of his stomach and then rubbing her hands together a final time.
"Thanks," he said, dropping his gaze back down briefly.
She gave him a simple smile and winked, then turned and headed back over to the lounge chair.
He realized then how foolish he was being and realized that it really was just her being polite. He had no reason to be uncomfortable around her, other than his own arousal.
"Thank you," Candy told her daughter again.
Erin emerged a minute or so later holding a tray of drinks. He took his beer from her as she came over, then completely forgot his need to control himself and let his eyes drop down to the delightful sway of the young woman's ass as she walked over to the other three.
The drinks distributed, she set her own down and walked back over to the house.
"Oh... would you mind grabbing me a tray?" Don asked, suddenly realizing he needed something for the meat.
"Not at all," Erin said, and quickly went inside.
She came back a minute later holding a clean tray covered with foil and set it down on the grill.
"Almost ready?" she asked, looking down at the smoking meat.
"Ten minutes or so," he said, fidgeting around idly with it as she got close.
"Yummy," she commented, and quickly turned back to the others.
Again, her ass swayed delightfully as she walked away, as if she were deliberately putting more "oomph" into the way she walked just for him. He knew better though, and finally managed to wrench his eyes away from the curvaceous rump when she sat it down on the lounge chair.
"Get ahold of yourself, man," he said quietly.
Busying himself with watching the meat cook, he kept his distance from the others until it was time to eat. The other four quickly got up and went inside as he began to pull the meat off.
Joining them a minute later, he had stopped short as he entered the kitchen, seeing the girls busying themselves in the kitchen. Candy had a knife in one hand and was slicing tomatoes on the cutting board as if she'd done it a thousand times. She had Cass buttering some buns and toasting them in the toaster oven, and Erin was pulling the rest of the condiments out of the fridge.
"Alec, can you grab some plates," Candy asked, turning to see Don watching the scene unfold.
He smiled, enthralled with how much she looked at home in his life. It was more than a little frightening how much he liked her.
"You okay, hon'?" she asked.
Startled from his reverie, he smiled and nodded, going to set the burgers on the stove.
"Don," Alec called, drawing his gaze over. "Paper plates?" the young man asked.
"Cupboard, second shelf on the left," Don said quickly, turning and watching the ladies in amused silence.
Once everything was ready, Don insisted the others make their plates first, but Candy was having none of it. She let the younger folks make their food, then proceeded to ask Don just how he liked his burgers.
"Need to know info?" he asked.
"Well, I'm just taking notes for the future," she said, smiling playfully at him. "Say I want to bring you a burger at work sometime."
His heart did a somersault.
The five went back outside and ate in the shade of the awning over the back porch, then relaxed for a few minutes after they were done while they exchanged small talk.
They went swimming again after, something Don was immensely grateful for since he was having real difficulty keeping his eyes off the younger women. He kept hoping that Candy wasn't going to notice one of the times he inevitably slipped and openly gawked at the way Erin's nipples were threatening to burst through her ridiculous bikini top, or that you could actually kind of make out Cass's areola if you were looking and caught the light just right.
Of course, Candy herself was always a great way for him to keep his mind and eyes off the younger girls, and she was never too far away from him. She continually slid into his arms or playfully splashed at him, diving away for him to chase and then letting him catch her a second later. He'd pull her up into his arms and they'd share a surprisingly passionate kiss before he let her go.
Eventually, she ended up floating lazily in his arms, her back against his chest as he leaned against a corner of the pool. The position afforded him an absolutely stellar view of her tits, something he was quite sure she was totally aware of, so it eventually proved easier to behave himself and not ogle Erin and Cass.
The gentle sway of her orbs was tantalizing enough, but when she turned and pressed them into his chest in a moment of passion, he felt his resolve to behave crumbling. He felt the urge to pull her top to the side keenly and would have had her daughters' laughter not been audible in his ears.
"You do such things to me," she whispered, her hand sliding down his chest. "I'm finding it hard to concentrate."
"You and me both," he said, looking down at her pointedly.
Her hand strayed lower, edging just inside his suit as she not-so-subtly glanced back at the others. Biting her lip as she looked back at him, she slid her hand into his trunks and wrapped her hand around his half-erect cock.
Her mouth dropped open as she looked up at him, and her hand squeezed up and down the length more than once.
"Fuck," she said simply, looking up at him with surprise clear on her face.
He blushed a bit but was unable to find the right words.
"I... wow..." she said. "You might actually hurt me with this monster if we have the kind of sex I want to have."
He groaned quietly, closing his eyes as he imagined the act, wondering how it would feel sliding his cock home into the gorgeous woman. Her hand gripped him tightly, stroking up and down as she squeezed and causing him to begin to wonder if she was actually going to make him cum then and there.
"I... uh... I'm going to go to the bathroom," she said, extracting her hand and kissing him again. "Can you... show me where it is?"
He smiled, knowing full well that she knew where it was.
"Of course," he said quietly. "If you're sure."
"God..." she groaned, turning immediately and stepping from the pool.
He followed, her hand pulling him deliberately toward the house. Inside, he half expected her to strip down then and there but was surprised when she continued to lead him on. They went through the living room and up the stairs, down the hallway and into his room. Once there, she let go of his hand and turned around, kissing him intensely for a few brief moments, then suddenly backing away.
She moved around the side of the bed, staring hard at him before she turned to kneel onto the bed. She paused, looking down at the dark blue bedsheets and a curious stain that had been left there.
"Oh... honey..." she said, turning and looking at him with a curious smile on her face. "I must have left you very pent-up last night."
He looked at her curiously, confused, then went over to where she was. Looking down, he saw what she'd seen and silently berated himself. He'd completely forgotten to clean his own damn room, or even make his bed. Jessie had slept in the very spot that Candy was kneeling in, and the cum drenched little tart had let her pussy drool its contents in a nice stain on his sheets.
"I... that's not..." he said, smirking at her.
"It's flattering," Candy said, grinning at him.
"Look... I'm about ready to blow... but honestly... that's not me," he said, chuckling at her. "Jessie slept there last night."
He didn't elaborate that he'd been right next to her, and quietly prayed that Candy didn't assume as much.
"She was there when I got home," he said, hoping that she'd assume he slept elsewhere.
"Oh... that dirty little..." she said, sliding from the bed and starting to laugh. She slid into his arms again, her face bright with amusement and looked up at him. "So... that means that you... didn't get any relief at all last night?" she asked.
"Not even a little," he said, frowning playfully.
"Aww... poor guy," she told him as she slid her hand into his pants again. Her eyes closed and a smile appeared as she wrapped her hand around his cock, the likes of which hadn't diminished in the least.
She promptly slipped her hand back out of his trunks and stepped back, walking for the door to his room. "I guess you might have to take care of that later," she said, turning back and giving him a deliberately enticing stare.
"Ohh... you..." he said, laughing and shaking his head.
"Unless you can catch me, that is," she said, and turned to hurry down the stairs.
Don burst out laughing for a moment, then ran after the incredible woman. He managed to catch her back in the kitchen, backing her up against the stove and pushing against her soft, wonderful body. She whimpered, sliding her hand back into his trunks for a moment before removing it again and working at the knot he'd tied in the cord holding them up.
Their lips smashed together intensely, tongues finding each other as his hands moved up and covered both of her ample breasts. A low moan of pleasure came from her lips as he squeezed both succulent orbs, his own groan of pleasure joining it.
He felt the trunks slide down a bit, his cock finally free as her hands gripped it anew. She gently pushed him back, looking down at his erection and whimpering softly.
Had he not been focused solely on Candy, or maybe if his blood hadn't been pounding in his ears, he would have heard the door to the downstairs bathroom open. He didn't though, and neither did Candy.
Cass came around the corner and both of them jerked their heads over towards the young woman. She had a stunned expression on her face and seemed to be unable to look away.
Candy quickly scrambled to put her bikini back in order while Don hastily yanked his trunks back up. He managed to just a few moments after Cass had discovered them, but he knew for sure that she'd seen... everything.
There wasn't a doubt in his mind that her eyes had been locked on the throbbing erection her mother was gripping so ferociously.
"Oh...mygodi'msosorry!" she blurted out, then hurried back outside.
Candy covered her mouth in shocked silence for a few seconds, then burst out laughing and covered her whole face.
Don knew for sure that he was about three shades of red. He sighed, shaking his head in defeat and covering his own face in embarrassment.
"I'm so sorry!" Candy said, laughing hard at their predicament.
"No... I'm the one that's sorry," he said. "I shouldn't have chased you."
She giggled and turned his face back to look directly at her. "That wasn't an option, and you know it," she said. "Don, don't worry about it."
He sighed, shaking his head.
"I'm serious," she said. "This is one of those things about me that makes it hard for me to find dates."
He looked back into her eyes but remained silent.
"I can't count the number of times that I've walked in to find Alec and Erin having sex. I honestly don't know why she's not the least bit shy about it, but she's not. It wouldn't have bothered her in the least to have sex with him while we were eating earlier."
She was still looking up at him, but her embarrassment had disappeared.
"And Cass is... well... different. Lord knows why, but she's walked in on me more than once, so it's no surprise that it's happened with us. I knew that it was just a matter of time. So please," she said, taking his hand and kissing it. "Don't stress about this too much, okay?"
He took a deep breath, still focusing on her. "If you're completely sure that this isn't going to fuck anything up between us, I'll stop worrying."
"I'm completely sure," she said, staring hard at him. "I promise, I'll always tell you the truth when it really matters, okay?"
He smiled, leaning down to kiss her. "You know, it's really not all that shocking that we got caught, what with Jessie and Dex always doing the same. Still, we should have known better than to get frisky when your kids were around."
Candy giggled and rolled her eyes. "Well, maybe I'll just have to come back later this evening when they aren't and finish what we started."
He smiled widely and kissed her again. "Candy... I'm definitely looking forward to..." he paused to let his eyes wander down her body and back up again, "exploring every inch of yourridiculousbody, but I will wait as long as I have to for you to be completely comfortable and ready."
She smiled genuinely at him, even kissing him again. "That really means a lot. And I'm not trying to rush things too quickly. I just... feel so intensely about...us, and I just know that we're going to be great together. It's just hard to..."
"Control myself around you," he finished for her, eliciting a nod and a cute little giggle from her.
She sighed hard, leaning her head into his and stayed there silent for a few moments before speaking again. "You just keep doing everything right and I won't have any limits about doing anything you want in the bedroom."
"God..." he groaned, sighing hard. "I'm going to spoil you fucking rotten."
She giggled giddily, squeezing him against her and kissing him passionately.
"Come on... lets go rescue my youngest from her embarrassment," Candy said.
He sighed, letting her lead him from the kitchen and back outside.
Cass was laying back down on the lounge chair next to Erin, both young women soaking in the warm sun. Alec was floating around in the pool, apparently having found a float in the shed and blowing it up.
"I guess all's well," Candy said, turning and smiling. "Come on... lets go swim a little more before we have to go."
An hour or so later, the four started to get ready to leave. To her credit, Cass seemed to be nonplussed about what had happened, and even gave him a hug and a smile when she said goodbye after thanking him for the day.
He felt like apologizing for what happened but knew that there wasn't going to be any way to make it come out appropriately. Candy would more than likely handle it, anyway.
"I'll be in the car," Cass told Erin, shouldering her bag and heading out the front door.
"It's locked," Alec called, then sighed and shook his head. "Always a pleasure Don, thanks for the fun and food!"
"Sure thing," Don said, shaking the young man's hand.
Candy had disappeared into the bathroom one last time before they left, leaving Don alone with Erin.
"I just wanted to say... thanks," she said. "I was really hesitant to set you guys up, but I'm so glad I did. It's been a long time since I've seen my mom this happy... even giddy. It's... really nice to see."
Touched, Don smiled genuinely at her. "I'm... happier than I've been in a long time," he said, but didn't know what else was appropriate for the time being, so he just fell silent.
"Thank you for today," she said, and surprised him by moving in close and hugging him. He thought she was going to pull away after, but she pulled him down and surprised him with a peck on the cheek. "See you soon," she said, smiling curiously at him.
Turning, he watched her swaying ass as she walked out the door, turning to see Candy emerging from the bathroom.
"So... see you tomorrow?" she said, giggling at him.
"God yes," he said.
She stepped in close again, her head dropping to his chest and a contented sigh escaping from her.
"I'll talk to you later," he said, kissing her head.
"Yeah you will," she told him, looking up at him, then kissing him intensely. "Thanks for everything today."
She kissed him a final time and turned, grabbing her bag and shouldering it. He was happy to watch the delightful sway of her ass as she walked out the front door, even ogling it all the way to her car.
"I can feel you staring!" she called back.
"Yeah..." he said, not denying it in the least.
She offered a last, cute little wave before hopping into her car and pulling away
*****
Jessie
Sunday morning...
"I'll see you tonight?" Jessie asked, looking up at Dex and smiling sweetly.
"Most likely," he assured her. "I love you."
"I love you, too," she said, kissing him deeply as he leaned down to her height.
Donna's family was all packed and ready to go. Jessie hugged each of them in turn after they'd said their farewells to Donna and John. Jason had been grinning for most of the morning, and she grinned as he hugged her and whispered a quiet "thank you" in her ear.
"You're welcome," she said happily.
The goodbyes done, Jason, Debbie, and Natalie all hopped in the back seat of the truck with Daisy and Jack in the front and Dex behind the wheel. As the truck pulled away, she, John, and Donna, all watched them go and waved. The three headed back inside the apartment and Jessie set about cleaning things up. To her surprise, and mild irritation, John and Donna both started to give her a hand.
Even though she tried to get them to relax and let her handle it, they wouldn't. There wasn't much to clean up though, and the job only took about twenty minutes.
"You guys want to do something?" Jessie asked.
"My hangover's still killing me," Donna muttered. "I'm gonna go back to bed."
John turned to give his girlfriend a hand, but she offered him a kiss and shook her head. She disappeared into her bedroom, the door closing behind her.
Turning back to where Jessie was sitting on the couch, he offered a shrug and moved over to join her.
"So... when should be go up to Double D's and talk to your boss?" John asked.
"Oh! Right!" Jessie said. "Let me call and make sure that today is okay."
Without waiting for a response from him, she bounced up from the couch and went to grab her phone. She knew that the managers used Sunday to catch up on work that they couldn't get to during the week and was hoping that they'd be okay with her just bringing John up there to interview.
Bill was indeed there when she called, and she greeted him enthusiastically. After briefly conversing with him, she told him about John needing a job and that she was hoping she could bring him up there.
"Well, I'm just working on the schedule, but I guess I can do a quick interview," he told her.
"Awesome!" she gushed. "I'll bring him up there in just bit! Thank you, Bill!"
Bill chuckled on the other end of the line as she hung the phone up, turning to smile widely at John.
"You might need to go get clothes before Donna goes to sleep," she pointed out, causing him to hop up quickly and hurry to do just that.
She heard him rummaging around in the bedroom a bit, then conversing quietly with Donna before he emerged again holding his things.
"I'm gonna shower right quick and get dressed," he said.
She briefly thought about joining him and helping make sure he was nice and clean but figured that he might want the time alone to go over things he might need to talk about in the interview.
"I'll be here!" she assured him, and headed toward her bedroom, figuring that a change of clothes might be in order.
She really hoped that Bill would hire John. She knew that he needed employment and was confident that he'd be lots of fun to work with. She stripped down and put on a clean pair of panties, but then hesitated when she reached for her bra. Bill would likely be in a more receptive mood if he had a nice, tantalizing view distracting him.
Giggling, she went to her closet and found a nice, tight-fitting top that was low-cut but not ridiculously so. Sliding it on, she went to the bathroom, seeing John toweling off as she went in.
"Damn, look at them titties!" he said, grinning and staring unabashedly.
She arched her back a bit and shook them at him playfully, but then went back to making herself ready to leave. They small-talked for a bit while they each got ready, and she was actually a little surprised at how nervous he seemed. She couldn't recall the last time she'd actually seen John actually nervous.
Also surprising was the fact that he didn't try and grope or flirt with her at all, even when he moved close up behind her to look in the mirror. She would have been a little offended if she hadn't been able to sense his nervousness.
After a little while longer, the two finished getting ready. She nodded approvingly to him when he turned to look at her and gestured to himself.
"You'll do fine," she assured him.
He grinned at her in his characteristically cocky way and playfully swatted her rump as he passed by. The two gathered their things and headed out, locking the door behind them. She was surprised to see that he still looked nervous one they'd gotten into his truck.
"You don't have to be worried," she said. "I'm sure Bill will hire you."
He nodded and offered a shrug. "I always get nervous like this."
It was strangely adorable to Jessie to see the normally confident and self-assured guy so fidgety and concerned. She briefly wondered how she could possibly help to calm him down, but then rolled her eyes at herself when she remembered something she knew he loved to get and that she loved to give.
"John honey," she purred, leaning over in the seat and reaching for his zipper. "You're going to do fine. How about you let me swallow a load of your delicious cum and we can see if that helps."
He grinned cockily as she continued on her mission to free his cock.
"Shit, you could always just suck your boss off and get me the job!" he said, laughing at himself.
"Ooo, I didn't think of that!" she said, freeing his cock and stroking it between her fingers.
"Jessie..." he laughed, but then just shook his head and pushed her head down into his lap.
"Wha... mmph," she mumbled as he jammed the head of his cock between her lips. She promptly forgot what she'd been saying when she felt the warmth of his flesh on her tongue, sucking and moaning as it swelled.
"That's a good slut," he said, sending excitement coursing through her as his cock reached its full, modest size.
"Mmm," she moaned, sucking and holding him completely inside. His hand pushed her down even further, burying her nose and lips in his pubic hair. In response, she slid a hand down between herself and the seat, her fingers searching for her suddenly awake pussy.
She felt the truck turning a corner as they drove to Double D's but wasn't really noticing all that much. Too focused on doing what she loved, she kept slurping and sucking at his erection. Try as she might though, she wasn't making him cum as quickly as he normally did.
She heard him pull into a parking lot and find a spot, the truck going silent as he turned it off. Never slowing, she kept noisily slurping at him, her head bobbing up and down in his lap as he grunted and groaned in pleasure.
"Fuck... that's it... good slut..." he grunted, and she giggled in ecstatic happiness as he finally gave her what she needed. Warm goo flooded her mouth, immediately disappearing down where it belonged as she swallowed and swallowed.
Several seconds later, he chuckled weakly as she sucked and licked him clean. Lifting her head up, she was surprised to see Bill standing a short distance away, a wide grin on his face as he puffed on a cigarette, just outside the employee entrance.
He was holding it open for them, she realized, and briefly lowered her head back down to John's cock to suck one last time before she started to put it away.
"Mmm, thanks," she said, smiling at him as she thumbed a fleck of cum off her cheek and onto her tongue.
"Shit... thank you," he said, grinning. "Oh... shit..." he said, glancing over to where Bill was standing.
"Don't worry," she said with a grin. John hadn't known they'd had an audience, apparently.
"Not the best way to make a first impression," he said, frowning as she sat up.
She giggled and shrugged, then turned and hopped out of the truck.
"Hi Bill!" she said happily, heading over and arching her back as she stepped close for a hug. John came up beside her a few seconds later and reached out to shake hands.
"Jessie," he said, chuckling at her but undoubtedly staring down at her cleavage.
"This is my good friend John," she said.
"Sorry... uh..." John stammered, reaching out to shake Bill's hand.
"Oh, stop apologizing!" Jessie admonished. "He was nervous, so I decided to suck his cock and take some of the stress away," she explained, turning to regard her boss.
"Not a problem," he said, still staring at her cleavage for a few more seconds before turning and winking at John. "We're slowly getting used to Jessie around here."
John chuckled and nodded, following Jessie as she stepped into the restaurant. It was a little odd seeing the place quiet and still, but she and John followed Bill toward the manager's office.
"Want me to grab you guys something to drink?" she offered as the two stepped inside.
"Actually, I do need to talk to you really quick before John and I sit down to chat, if that's okay, Jessie," Bill said.
She wondered if he was going to ask her for a blowjob too and smiled happily. "Of course!"
"I'll just be a minute John," Bill said as Jessie entered the office. He closed the door behind her and went over to his desk, gesturing for her to sit.
"So, what's up?" she asked, smiling at him happily.
"Well, I wanted to say... and first please understand that you're not in trouble or anything..."
She immediately frowned and wondered what she'd done wrong.
"And I'm not giving you a warning or anything and I'm not upset at you," he continued. "I just... we have to be careful when we get customer complaints. We recently received a complaint from one that let us know that one of our waitresses was seen entering the men's bathroom with a man. Now, I know that the incident in question happened while you were off the clock, and that the waitress the customer saw was Alex Andresani, not you. But when we checked the cameras..."
"I'm so sorry!" she said, frowning intensely. "Please don't fire Alex! It was all my doing!"
Bill held his hands up calmingly and shook his head. "We're not firing anyone, calm down," he said.
She forced herself to do just that, taking a deep breath and trying to relax.
"I just wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't tell you to be more careful about your sexual activities," he said, smiling at her.
She frowned again, still confused. "I'm a little lost," she admitted. "Am I in trouble for going into the bathroom or having sex at work?"
Bill looked flustered for a few seconds before he burst out laughing.
"Oh lord," he said, holding his sides. "I didn't know you had!" he admitted. "Good lord girl, you are one crazy thing."
She giggled at the sight of her boss laughing, glad that she wasn't in as much trouble as she'd thought. "Well, like... when I was taking care of John in the parking lot just now... that was okay? Or no?"
"Look..." Bill said, finally ceasing his laughter. "You can't do anything sexual to anyone in view of the customers. The parking lot just now was fine because no one else was here. This is really just me telling you to be more mindful of where you're being crazy."
Jessie smiled happily, thinking that she was finally understanding.
"So... if I were to... I dunno... feel the need to suck a cock... I have to do it somewhere that our customers can't see, right?" she asked.
"I... I guess... yeah?" Bill said, still thoroughly amused.
"Like... if you wanted, I could just... come around your desk and crawl down to my knees and..."
Bill's laughter stopped, but his smile didn't disappear. He looked surprised instead.
"Well... do you like blowjobs?" she asked. "I'm happy to give you one."
Bill finally laughed again, standing and shaking his head. "Good grief... girl," he said.
"I'm serious!" she said, frowning at him and standing.
He shook his head again, still laughing, but would only say, "I'll think about it," before heading for the office door.
"In all seriousness, Bill," she said, pausing at the door, "I'm happy to give you a blowjob if you ever need one. I don't use sex as a way to get what I want; I just genuinely enjoy making people feel good and love sucking cock. That being said, I promise to do a better job of behaving myself in view of the customers, okay?"
He smiled, and for a moment it looked as if he was ready to take her up on her offer. "That's all I ask," he said, smiling and patting her on the back.
She decided to see if she could push him a little as he reached for the door, and stepped in front of him, preventing him from opening it.
"And my offer?" she asked, looking down and licking her lips.
"I'll think about it," he said, smiling at her and licking his own.
"You better!" she said, giggling and turning open the door.
John looked up and moved toward them, smiling as the two exchanged places.
"Grab us a couple of drinks, will you?" Bill said.
"Of course!" Jessie said happily as the two men gave her their orders.
Humming happily, she went to the closest drinks station. A few seconds later, she headed back to the office with the drinks in hand.
"I'll wait outside," she said, smiling as she handed the two their refreshments.
"Thanks, Jessie," Bill said, offering her a wink.
Closing the door behind her, Jessie went and found a chair at the bar, pulling out her phone to occupy herself while she waited for them to finish. It took a little longer than she'd expected, but after a half-hour or so, she heard the door to the office open and went over to see how it had gone. She heard the two laughing before she even got close and figured that was a good sign.
"I tell you what though, you're one lucky fella," Bill was saying as she came around. "Hey Jessie," he said, stopping short.
"For getting head from Smurfette here?" John asked as she came over. "I'm surprised she hasn't offered to blow you yet!"
He reached out and put an arm around her shoulder, easily pulling her in front of him, facing Bill. Two hands reached up from behind her and roughly squeezed both of her tits, causing her to giggle and roll her eyes as she looked up at Bill.
"I totally did!" she said, a little offended that John would think otherwise. "He just didn't let me!"
John pulled the edges of her top aside, her breasts spilling free for his fingers to squeeze.
"I tell you what though, she's got some of the perkiest damn titties I've ever had the pleasure of suckin' on," John said, squeezing both roughly.
She groaned, her arousal growing.
"You want a go?" John asked, presenting one to Bill.
The older man's smile grew, and he hesitated for a moment.
"Oh hell, here," John said, pushing the two of them forward as he reached out and grabbed Bill's hand, dropping it on her naked breast. "Ain't gotta be shy around this one."
"Goddamn," Bill said, squeezing and running his fingers up to the edge of her areola, then dropping it to his side.
"Teasing me, Bill?" she asked. "I'll bet that John won't even fuck me now that he's got me all worked up."
"Shit, I got half a mind to," John said, reaching back around and roughly slapping her naked titty.
She whimpered enticingly, but that turned into a whine of disappointment when John put her tits away and stepped back from her.
"Tease," she said angrily.
"I can't be fucking you in front of my new boss," John said. "Shit, we just met!"
"Oh fine," she said, frowning at the two. "I'm guessing the interview went well?"
"Yeah, he's gonna start in the kitchen and we'll see how it goes," Bill amused at the whole scene.
She giggled and gave him a hug instead. "Well, if you need any convincing later on, I'm happy to spend a couple hours under your desk with your cock in my mouth if you want," she told him.
He laughed, shaking his head and turning toward the office again. "I'll see you this coming week," he called out, offering a wave to John.
"Yes sir!" he replied, grinning as Jessie turned and flashed her own smile.
With a quick hop, she jumped up into his arms and kissed him happily. "You did it!" she said as he held her up and laughed.
"Well shit, I just turned on that redneck charm and that was all she wrote!" he said.
She kissed him once more before he let her slide to the ground. Sliding her hand into his, she squeezed happily and turned to leave the restaurant.
***
On the trip home, John told her about the interview, but it had gone as she'd expected. After the first few minutes though, Bill was asking question after question about her and Dex. When they pulled in, she figured that she might need to offer to suck her boss off once again, just to make sure that he didn't want to take her up on the offer.
Went they got back inside the apartment, it was no surprise that Donna was still out, though Jessie couldn't really be sure. Her door was shut and neither she nor John wanted to risk her wrath from being woken up.
"You gonna go nap or something?" she asked, turning to regard John. "You can use my bed if you like."
"Shit no," John said. "I got to pay you back for the hookup," he said, and turned to lift her easily up in his arms, her waist snugly over his shoulder.
Giggling, she could do nothing but accept her fate as he headed toward her bedroom and whatever awaited her there.
*****
Dex
Sunday morning...
The drive started out normal enough. Dex stopped at a gas station on the way out of town and filled up. Jack hopped out as well and checked the oil and other fluids while the others went in and got snacks and drinks for everyone.
For the first hour, everyone was laughing and talking about the weekend and the fun they'd had, but soon the three in the back grew quiet and fell asleep. After that, Daisy and Jack talked quietly and seemed to be getting along great.
Eventually, Jack leaned over tapped Dex on the shoulder, drawing his attention.
"You still good?" he asked quietly.
"You don't have to whisper," Daisy giggled. "All three of them are heavy sleepers." To prove her point she turned around in her seat and roughly slapped Debbie's leg. The oldest sister didn't even flinch. Both Dex and Jack chuckled at the sight.
"So... Dex," Daisy said, turning in her seat and leaning against Jack.
"Daisy..." he said, glancing over.
"Did you know that I was there the night that Jessie sucked your brother off in the parking lot?" She was smiling mischievously.
"At the time, no," he replied. "But she told me afterward."
"And you liked... all that?" She seemed genuinely curious, even with the curious smirk.
"I did," he confirmed. "It's a little hard to explain why, but it's essentially just what works for Jessie and I."
She giggled and turned to look at Jack. "Did you see when I grabbed her and kissed her when we were walking back inside the club?"
"No," he said, an amused expression on his face. "Why?"
"Well, earlier that day, we gotten to talking about sucking dick and letting guys cum in her mouth and I revealed that I'd never done that. My dipshit ex would always just want to get to fucking." She rolled her eyes and fell silent for a moment. "Anyway," she said, continuing dismissively, "she'd just finished sucking John's dick while the rest of us were out and after Donna left the room, she surprised me with a kiss and let me taste what it was like."
"Yeah, that sounds like my Jessie," Dex grinned.
"She pointed out that it had been a while by that point, and said that it was much better fresh, so after she finished sucking your cock, I couldn't help but give it a try." Daisy grinned as she looked over her shoulder at Jack.
"Damn," he said, chuckling and smiling wider. "Gotta say, that's pretty fucking hot."
"Definitely," Dex agreed.
She smiled and readjusted how she was sitting, but still stayed facing Dex and leaning against Jack. Jack himself was turned halfway toward Dex, his arm behind Daisy.
"Here," she said, leaning up a tad and pulling at Jack's sleeve. He brought his arm from around behind her as she reached for his hand and clutched it in her lap. "Much better," she said, smiling at him for a moment.
"You sure you're good with this?" Jack asked.
"Well, we've slept together already and everything, right?" she said. "A little hand-holding is probably okay."
Jack just laughed in response.
"Y'all uh..." Dex began, but then realized how inappropriate that might be.
"No," she giggled. "We justsleptnext to each other. Your brother didn't try and do anything during the night. Unfortunately," she added, turning and giggling at him.
"So... you guys are..." Dex asked, turning to look at the two.
"Just playing things easy," Daisy said. "I just got out of a bad relationship, and we don't even live in the same town."
"We're taking it slow," Jack agreed.
"And... I know you probably think that you're going to have to tell Jessie to behave her damn self now," she continued, "but that's not the case. Yes, Jack told me all about what else happened with you three."
Dex chuckled. Its not like it was a secret or anything, and he definitely wasn't embarrassed by it.
"I'm just glad that Donna doesn't have to worry about the two of us anymore," Dex said gesturing to himself and Daisy. "She keeps making me promise not to try anything with you."
"And... is that really her right to make that demand?" Daisy asked. "Jessie isyourgirlfriend, and I'm pretty sure she would have let me fuck your brains out the day we met if Donna hadn't been so weird about things."
"Would you have?" Jack asked, grinning at her as she turned to look at him.
"If I hadn't been attached, yes," she said. "I already mentioned about how Jessie was just showing your brother's cock off to me. I was just... enraptured." She turned back to Dex then. "Anyway... I don't think my sister should have any claim to who you fuck. In fact, I know she doesn't. She's with John and you're with Jessie."
"You're not wrong," Dex allowed. "She's just... complicated lately. But I was just pointing out that even though you two aren't a couple, you've clearly got feelings for each other. Donna should lighten up a bit when she sees that you two are into one another."
"Maybe," Daisy said, shrugging, "but maybe I want to get a little crazy and spread my wings a bit. She wanted me to break up with Tyson. That was the whole point of the trip, though he didn't know that. She was trying to get me to come to school there. Now that I kicked him to the curb, she's going to throw a fit when I want to have some fun?"
"Doesn't sound right to me," Jack agreed, grinning widely as Dex glanced over.
"Exactly!" she said. She turned and looked into the backseat for a moment. Dex looked into his mirror and saw all three still out cold.
Dex glanced back over at Daisy for a second before focusing on the road. She had Jack's hand in hers and had moved it up under her shirt.
"Correct me if I'm wrong, but you've got bigger tits than your sisters," Jack said.
"Mmhmm," Daisy murmured, smiling widely as she turned back to look at Dex. She glanced back behind them again, then grinned at Dex and Jack in turn. "Tell me if any of them start to wake up," she whispered, and began to slide off the seat into the floorboard.
Her hands went up into Jack's lap, working quickly at his pants and zipper. "You're not going to think less of me if I get a little freaky, are you?" she asked, looking up at him.
"Hell no," Jack said. "You're a free woman, but regardless of what happens on this trip, I'm gonna call you."
"Mmm, very sweet," she said, managing to work his cock free from his pants. Flashing an excited grin, she worked to position herself in a way that she could get at him and leaned down to slide her lips around his cock.
Dex grinned, seeing Jack's expression change to one of pleasure, his body relaxing as Daisy's brunette hair bobbed in time with her lips sliding up and down the shaft. Jack groaned audibly as Dex listened to the sound of Daisy pleasuring him.
It was in that moment that one of the people in the back seat made a noise. Daisy was up and in her seat again in a flash, unsubtly pretending like she hadn't just been sucking someone's dick. Dex looked over after a few seconds and saw that she was stroking Jack like it was the most natural thing in the world to do so with your own family members in the seat behind you.
The three in the back didn't make any more noise, and Dex saw Daisy start to slowly but deliberately start to undo the buttons on her pants.
"How much do you want to fuck me?" she said quietly, turning her neck and looking at Jack.
"Bad," Jack replied.
She moaned quietly, then resumed slowly working her pants open. The zipper was barely audible as it slid down, the fabric of the jeans scuffing down the leather of the seat as she slowly and deliberately worked them down.
Before long, she had them around her ankles and began to slide her panties off next. She kicked both garments free and grinned, sliding more into the middle of the truck and propping her legs over both of Jack and Dex's own. Her pussy displayed; Dex couldn't stop himself from looking down. She had a nice patch of pubic hair, black and shiny as the hair on her head.
Her hand moved down between her thighs, two fingers plunging in and emerging once more from her pussy.
"See how wet you got me?" she asked, looking at Jack. She held up her fingers, rubbing them together in front of him. He grinned, opening his mouth a bit. She took the bait, sliding her hand into his mouth and letting him lick them off.
"Dex might want a taste," he said, smiling down at her.
"Ooo," she said, grinning at him. She turned, looking at Dex then. "Would you?" she asked.
He chuckled and shook his head. "Yes, but I..."
He wasn't able to finish the thought as she had apparently already decided that he did need to taste her pussy and plunged her other hand into his mouth. He tasted the nectar on her fingers and felt his cock grow even harder than it already was.
Letting him suck on them for a few seconds, she pulled them away and began to finger herself again. After a few minutes, though, she gingerly began to edge her way over into Jack's lap until she was straddling him.
Dex glanced over repeatedly, watching as the two kissed while she playfully stroked his cock. Eventually, she lifted her hips up to let Jack position himself correctly. He saw her mouth drop open in shock and pleasure as she slowly began to force herself down onto him.
"Damn that's hot," Dex said under his breath.
Jack's hands had moved up to fondle Daisy's ample breasts, the shirt pushed up to display the two orbs proudly. The two began to subtly fuck each other, rising and falling slowly in place as they sped down the highway. He could just barely hear the two talking dirty to each other in hushed tones, checking his mirror a dozen times to make sure her siblings were still out of it in the back seat.
After several minutes of highly erotic fucking, Dex heard her gasping quietly and glanced over. Jack's hands were covered by hers, both of them roughly squeezing her own breasts as she shuddered in pleasure. Her legs began to shake uncontrollably for a few seconds before falling still. Jack began to grunt then, and she whimpered as his mouth dropped open in a silent cry of ecstasy.
Dex grinned, glad to see that the two were getting along so well.
*****
Jessie
Sunday morning
John tossed her in a heap on her own bed, his knee pushing into the mattress as she laughed and scrambled up toward the pillows. He caught her foot though and yanked her back down toward him. Cackling, she tried to scramble free, but was unsurprisingly unsuccessful.
Without bothering to ask, John went about getting her completely naked, Jessie laughing the whole time. Once she was down to nothing, he promptly forced her legs open and dropped his face down between her thighs.
"Is that all you wanted?" she asked and ran her fingers through his hair and across his scalp affectionately.
His tongue plowed through her furrow, forcing itself up and across her clit violently a few times before he calmed down and began to pulse it up and down, raking it again and again across her tender clit.
"I'm glad I showered this morning," she murmured between cries of pleasure.
John looked up from his perch between her thighs, his eyes just visible above the curve of her sex.
"I let Jason fuck me last night," she said. "Well, Dex let him."
John raised an eyebrow for a moment, but then shrugged and resumed licking.
"Fuck..." she groaned. "I promise, I cleaned myself thoroughly. I doubt you'll be able to taste much cum."
John growled in response and looked up at her for a few seconds.
"Kidding," she said, winking at him.
He resumed devouring her pussy then, quickly bringing her to an orgasm. She expected him to bring his cock up for her to take care of, but he didn't seem to want to stop just then. She was happy to let him play as much as he wanted.
An hour and four orgasms later, John was still going strong, and Jessie was gently pushing him off. The door to Donna's bedroom opened and the groggy brunette stepped out. She disappeared into the bathroom for a minute, then reappeared at the door to Jessie's room. She rolled her eyes and turned, heading back for her bedroom.
John and Jessie both looked at each other as he sat up. "Give me a second," she said.
Standing on shaky legs, she steadied herself on the dresser and made her way slowly toward Donna's bedroom.
Peering in, she held on to the frame, seeing her best friend crawling back into bed.
"Hey," she said, slowly stepping in. "You okay?"
Donna didn't answer immediately, so Jessie moved into the bed behind her.
"Donna?" she asked quietly.
"I'm fine," she said, not sounding like she was in the least.
"Are you mad at me for playing around with John?" Jessie ventured.
"No," she snapped, then sighed in resignation. Spinning over, she pulled Jessie completely into bed with her and snuggled up close. "I'm fine, and you guys are fine. It's all just... fine."
"Dex isn't going to fuck your sister, honey," Jessie said.
"I know," she said. "That's not fair of me to say. I just... I'm all in my head and I can't get out of it."
"I'm sorry babe," Jessie said, and looked up at her playfully. "Do you want to... maybe... sit on my face and let me make it all better?"
The gorgeous brunette hesitated but then slowly grinned.
Leaning in, Donna tenderly kissed Jessie and pulled her close. After a few seconds, she broke the kiss, but held on tightly.
"I love your goofy ass, you know?" she said.
"I love you too," Jessie replied.
After another deep kiss, Donna moved up to a sitting position on the bed and pulled Jessie more fully onto it. She turned her over onto her back, then quickly mounted her, dropping her pussy right down onto Jessie's happily waiting lips and tongue.
Jessie felt her roommate leaning over in bed, then felt her tongue pushing into her aching pussy.
"There's a damn fine sight!" John said from the doorway.
"Shut the fuck up and come over here," she heard Donna say, though the voices were muffled.
Jessie obediently continued to devour her roommate's pussy and felt both of them playing around between her legs. The were licking and kissing, fingering and rubbing. All the attention was almost too much to bear.
After a few minutes, she felt John moving around to where her head was. She wasn't going to be able to eat Donna's pussy and suck his cock at the same time, though, so she didn't really understand what he was doing.
Nonetheless he straddled her head and slid his cock down in between her tongue and Donna's pussy. Unable to stop herself, she sucked him a few times, but whimpered in irritation as it disappeared.
Donna started moaning and shaking, and Jessie realized that the two were fucking. She wasn't able to move though, and Donna had her locked in place, yet was only half-heartedly licking at her pussy from time to time.
After only a few minutes, Donna and John both came together. That left him spent though, and he slid free, collapsing into the sheets beside them.
"Now that he's taken care of," Donna murmured, her tongue resuming its journey through Jessie's folds.
"Mmm," she moaned, and sloppily began to slurp and suck at the cum-tainted pussy that had been dropped back into her waiting mouth.
*****
Dex
Sunday afternoon
Daisy and Jack managed to extricate themselves from one another after a few minutes, and Daisy eventually managed to secretively get dressed again. Dex focused on driving but was happy to see the two talking excitedly to each other and affectionately caressing one another.
"She asks me every time she sees me," Jack said, Dex just then able to hear them again as the texture of the highway changed and the roar of the tires grew a little quieter.
"That sounds like her," Daisy said. "Still, I know we're not like... official, but if you're concerned that I'm going to be upset because you fool around with another girl, don't be."
"I appreciate that," Jack said. "But part of me wants to be faithful, you know?"
"Well, part of me wants you to have empty balls until I get back down here to take care of them," she countered. "I'm not saying that you have to, but if Dex is offering and she doesn't mind, I'm fine with you taking her up on her offers. Besides, it'll be fun to listen to the shenanigans when you call me each night."
The two started kissing again and Dex smiled to himself.
"Speaking of fooling around, you know that you're not beholden to me or anything, right?" Jack said. "I mean, we might have to figure out something if you move here and we start dating, but I'm not going to get bent out of shape if you have some fun before you move back down here."
She smiled and shrugged. "That means a lot, but there's just not a whole lot of options back home. There's much more fun to be had back down with you and the rest of the gang."
"That's too bad," Jack said. "Though, if you think about it, I guess I do owe my little brother a time or two with a sexy woman."
"Mmm... anyone in particular?" she asked, kissing him again.
"Oh, I'm definitely talking about you," he said. "If circumstances were different," he said, indicating the three in the back with a gesture, "I'd have half a mind to take over driving and let you have a throw with him."
"Kinky," she said, giggling at him. "I can probably manage to be quiet and suck his cock if you want."
Dex coughed, a smirk coming to his face and glancing at the two. They both briefly looked over and grinned at him.
"Is that something you want to do?" Jack asked.
"Ever since I saw it in Jessie's bedroom," she said quietly. "But only if you want me to."
"Well, I do owe him a few," he reiterated.
Daisy grinned and kissed him again, then sat up and reached over.
"Guys...I made a promise," he said. "Y'all don't want me to get mixed up in what you have."
Daisy ignored him, her hands gripping the swelling bulge in his pants meaningfully before she began to work at his zipper.
"Daisy," Dex said, reaching down and squeezing one of her arms.
"Donna made you promise not to fuck me," she said. "I didn't hear anything about me sucking your dick."
Dex sighed, looking over at Jack. "Payback?" he asked.
His brother winked and grinned widely.
With a cursory glance behind them, Daisy leaned over in the seat and worked Dex's cock free from its confines. Her warm mouth closed over the head for a moment, and he groaned audibly, wondering if this was breaking anyone's rules.
She slid her lips down his shaft, moaning softly as her tongue slathered of the surface, going as low as she could and holding there. Upward she began to move, her pace achingly slow as she sucked his flesh, her tongue slaking in his precum. At the head, she swirled her tongue around it for a few seconds, then began the descent back down.
It was in that moment that they heard the sound of movement from the backseat. Daisy immediately sat upright and shuffled over in her seat. Dex quickly slid his cock back inside his underwear and looked in the mirror as Debbie looked around.
"Where are we?" she asked with a long yawn, the other two in the back rousing from their naps.
"Bout an hour away," Dex said, chuckling to himself.
The rest of the trip was spent with the group talking and laughing, though Daisy wasn't shy about sliding her hands into Jack and Dex's pants to play with them every so often. She wasn't ever brave, or crazy enough though to actually go down on them again, much to his relief.
They pulled into Debbie's apartment on time and unloaded everything.
"You're sure I don't need to drop them off at their house?" Dex asked Debbie after they'd unloaded things.
"I'll take care of it," she assured him. "Thank you so much," she said, and offered him a hug. "It was good to meet you," he said, smiling warmly.
"Call me," Daisy said, moving over and kissing Jack.
Dex smiled, enjoying the sight.
Jason tapped his shoulder in the moment and gestured for him to follow. Curious as to what the young man wanted, Dex turned and did so.
Once they were out of earshot of the others, Jason offered his hand to Dex. Shaking it, Dex clapped the young man on the shoulder.
"I really appreciate everything you and Jessie let me do," Jason said. "I sincerely do. I never thought in a million years that I would be able to do half the things I did this trip, let alone lose my cherry!"
Dex laugh, surprised that Jessie had actually gone through with it. She must have let the younger guy have her ass the night before. He'd definitely told her that he was okay with her letting the young man lose his cherry yesterday, but he didn't realize that she would act on it so soon!
"You're welcome, bud!" Dex said happily. "Did you enjoy it?"
Jason's smile was wide, and it was clear that he had. "I mean, I only lasted like a minute, but God... I've never felt anything so incredible. I mean, I knew it was supposed to feel good, but I had no idea."
Dex chuckled and nodded. "Well, I'm sure she'll enjoy telling me about it when I get home. But I'm glad she could do that for you. Did you feel different after?"
"Not really," Jason said, "but this morning I woke up and I was like... 'I got some pussy last night!'"
Dex was surprisingly successful at concealing his surprise at the new information and continued to grin.
"You're a good man, Dex," Jason said, and went in to give him a friend hug. "I know it's a rare thing for a guy to let a nerdy dude like me near his ridiculously sexy girlfriend, let alone let him eat her pussy, or get a blowjob from her. And to top it off, you let me have sex with her! I just... I don't know how to repay you."
"No repayment necessary," Dex said, smiling at the young man and silently shaking his head.
A few more minutes of banter and goodbyes followed for the group, before Jack and Dex hopped back in his truck and pulled away.
"You good man?" Jack asked after a few minutes.
"Hmm?" Dex asked, looking over. "Oh... hell yeah," he said. "I'm just going to be giving Jessie some much needed punishment when we get home."
"Oh?" Jack asked. "How's that?"
Dex grinned widely, his cock violently hard from the thought of the love of his life disobeying one of his few rules and deliberately giving another guy access to her pussy. There was no doubt in his mind that she'd done it to provoke a reaction out of him.
"Let's just say that I'm going to need your help with a few things," he replied. "My girlfriend is going to be unable to walk after the fucking we give her."
Jack laughed and shook his head. He said something, but Dex wasn't listening. He was picturing all the different ways he was going to punish his devious, delicious, and delightfully deranged little slut of a girlfriend.
"Game on you little minx," he said quietly, grinning widely as he white-knuckled the steering wheel.