The following Wednesday night, I took Miss Mona and Miss Macy out to dinner. I didn't feel that I needed to impress Miss Mona but I did want to take Miss Macy to some place where she would feel that she was being treated like an "adult," so we went to an upscale steak house in one of the downtown hotels on the river.
Both the girls got dressed up and I walked in to the restaurant with one girl on each side of me. More than a few heads turned to check us out and the guys who made eye contact gave me that look that that says, "You lucky son of a bitch!"
I assumed that Miss Macy had never been to a restaurant like this because she seemed to be watching her mom for cues about how to act and what fork to use, etc. She obviously wanted to become skilled in the social graces (all of which I, fortunately, had learned from time in a great college fraternity.)
When she finished her meal, Miss Mona excused herself to go to the ladies' room. She asked if Miss Macy needed to go but my younger escort declined the invitation. As soon as Miss Mona was outside of hearing distance, Miss Macy turned to me and asked, "Are you going to be my stepfather?"
I was not quite prepared for that question but I am fairly good at reacting and responding quickly. "Everything that I know about your mother tells me that she would be a good wife for someone but I certainly don't know her well enough to know whether we would be a good couple. I do know enough about her to want to spend more time with her and if we both decide we are a good match, then I assume that we would talk about marriage, but that probably wouldn't happen until we had spent much more time together. And if it came to that . . . I would be honored to be your stepfather. So you'll just need to wait and see what happens."
"I'd like that, and Mom's crazy about you!" she finished just as Miss Mona returned to the table.
"So what did I interrupt," Miss Mona asked nonchalantly.
"Well . . . Miss Macy and I were talking about getting married . . ."
Miss Mona interrupted, "Don't you think she is a little bit young for you . . . and she would need to finish school first!" I sensed that Miss Mona was just teasing us.
"Well, actually we were talking about the idea of you and I getting married," I explained.
"Oh!" was the simple reply. I sensed that this was not the last I would hear on this topic.
After dinner, we returned to Miss Mona's apartment and Miss Macy had some homework to do. "Care to go for a walk?" Miss Mona asked. Her tone of voice suggested that it really wasn't a question but a request I should not refuse.
As soon as we were out the front door, she asked me about the marriage discussion. I quickly recounted what Miss Macy had asked and how I had responded.
"Well, it sounds like you handled that as well as it could be handled, but that was rude of her to put you on the spot like that," Miss Mona insisted.
"Dear, she's only 15 years old. I understand that she wants a father in her life, she senses that you and I are happy together, she likes me, and she has a very simple view of how such things happen. I wasn't bothered at all and I don't think you should chastise her if you feel the need to discuss this with her. And . . . I was very sincere in what I told her about you. We have much more to learn about each other and we don't need to be thinking about marriage now, but I'm not opposed to the idea and, so far, I like everything I know about you."
We made our plans for Miss Mona to spend the night at my apartment that Friday night. Then, we shared a very passionate kiss as we said goodbye for the evening.
* * *
Friday night came and so did I - many times!
We stayed in and grilled steaks, drank a few margaritas, then we got naked. I licked her pussy on the sofa in my living room. She gave me a blow job in the kitchen. We got in bed and did it doggy style. While we were in that position, I started playing with her little pink pucker and she started squirming with arousal. She finally asked me to fuck her in the ass and I was happy to oblige. We got in the shower together and played rub-a-dub-dub for a few minutes but the alcohol and activity had both of us drowsy.
We went to sleep with me on my back, her on her side with her head on my left shoulder and her left leg draped over my leg. We were two naked bodies perfectly intertwined, satisfied and contented.
* * *
Weeks of dating became months of dating. We were usually together for dinner one night during the week and that almost always included Miss Macy. After a couple of months, Miss Macy told her mom that she knew that she was spending nights with me when she went away to Grandma's house and she didn't want to play the charade any more. That was a relief and I started spending Friday nights and Saturday nights at Miss Mona's apartment regardless of where Miss Macy spent the night.
Initially, Miss Mona was afraid to make any noise when we made love. She didn't want Miss Macy to know what we were doing. I was fairly certain that Miss Macy knew we were doing more than kissing when the bedroom door was closed and, gradually, Miss Mona relaxed.
Everything got more relaxed. One morning, I got up early and thought it would be "safe" to go to the kitchen in just my boxers. Twenty seconds later, Miss Macy came strolling in to the kitchen. She said a very routine "Good morning" as if she was quite accustomed to seeing me in my boxers, and as if she as accustomed to me seeing her in just her panties and bra!
"Uhh . . . sorry but I didn't think you would be awake this early," I offered apologetically.
"Well, we're getting to be like a family and it obviously doesn't bother me so you don't need to apologize," Miss Macy responded. "When you're not here, mom and I sometimes run around here naked and think nothing of it." With that, she got a drink out of the refrigerator and returned to her bedroom.
* * *
Miss Macy's sixteenth birthday was in July and I sent her sixteen red roses and a pair of diamond earrings. It was a bit over the top but she loved them and I loved putting a smile on her cute little face.
Miss Macy and I had started developing a hobby together. She had a real aptitude for visual arts but she was not a particularly talented painter, sculptor, or sketch artist. When I suggested that we start studying photography together, she jumped at the suggestion. I bought each of us a 35mm digital camera, lenses, and filters, and the three of us started visiting places that presented opportunities for photography.
We went to St. Augustine, Fort Clinch, Big Talbot Island, Kingsley Plantation and other places and started practicing our skills. We both improved significantly and she even won a few awards when she entered some art contests. It was a great bonding time for us and we became even closer.
Of course, as we became more comfortable with each other, the practice of modesty in Miss Mona's apartment dwindled. I never saw Miss Macy nude or even topless but she was quite comfortable walking around in her underwear and that did not seem to bother Miss Mona. I frequently went into the kitchen in the mornings wearing just my boxers and no one thought that it was the least bit concerning. Naturally, Miss Macy was also comfortable with our relaxed attitudes on this subject. I think she was a closet exhibitionist.
At Thanksgiving, I met Miss Mona's extended family. Everyone gathered at Grandma's house for the Thanksgiving feast and to meet Miss Mona's "new" boyfriend. Her mother was actually a very nice lady who made me feel very welcome in her home. A few of her family members were somewhat nutty but every family has some.
At Christmas, Mona and Macy went with me to have Christmas dinner with my family. My father had been dead for several years. My mom, my sister, and my two brothers always had Christmas dinner together and it was a great time for Mona to meet everyone. They all loved her - of course - and start needling me about buying an engagement ring and proposing to Miss Mona.
Actually, I had started thinking about proposing to Miss Mona as our relationship had remained as smooth as silk. We rarely disagreed and, when we did, we quickly resolved our differences. We had similar tastes in food, music, entertainment, similar views on religious and political matters, had a common goal of retiring to a cabin in the North Carolina mountains, etc., and the sex was great!
To make Miss Macy feel included, I took her into my confidence and told her that I intended to propose to her mother. I asked for her blessing and consent because I needed her to accept me not just as her mother's husband, but also as her stepfather. Miss Macy was quite excited, told me that she was thrilled with the idea, and promised not to "spill the beans" on my surprise.
For New Years Eve, I took Miss Mona to a dinner and dance at the local dinner theatre. She was dressed "to kill" and I knew that every man in the place would be jealous of me when we walked in. The theatre had a big band singer and orchestra playing and we met some friends there.
After dinner, the band started playing a slow song and I got Miss Mona out on the dance floor. As we danced, I said, "My dear, the past 7 months have been the best months of my life and I sincerely hope that we will continue making each other very happy. We've formed a family and I'm proud to be a part of it. Since we're beginning a new year, it is time for us to begin a new chapter in our lives."
As I finished those last words, I released my hold around Miss Mona and I dropped to one knee. "Miss Mona, I would consider myself to be the luckiest man alive if you were my wife. Will you marry me?"
The rest of the crowd had noticed me getting down on one knee and everyone had backed away so that all eyes in the room were watching us.
"Yes, yes, yes! I'll marry you! Now get up here and kiss me!" she replied.
The room erupted in applause as I planted a passionate kiss on my fiancée. The remainder of the night passed quickly. After we said our goodbyes to my friends, we returned to my car and headed home. Miss Mona slid over in the seat and quietly said, "You can't imagine how happy I am and I want to show you how grateful I am to have you in my life, not just for me but for Macy, also. Now . . . don't get in a wreck trying to get home quicker but, when we get home, I'm going to get in bed and let you do whatever you want . . . to whatever hole you want to do it in!"
When we got home, Miss Macy - my little exhibitionist - was asleep on the living room sofa, dressed only in her bra and panties. I put a blanket over her and gave her a goodnight kiss on the forehead. Then I headed towards the bedroom.
Miss Mona was in her bathroom with the door closed. A minute later, she emerged in just her panties and bra. "Don't tell me what you are going to do. Just do it to me and make it feel good. I just want you to know how much I appreciate having you in my life, and in Macy's life! Now take me!"
I stood behind her and reached around to cup both of her boobs with my hands. "I love feeling your boobs. I love making your nipples get hard. I love sucking your little titties while I finger your pussy. I reached down with my right hand and cupped her panty-clad pussy.
"You're wet, Miss Mona. Very wet! I'm going to give you something you've been wanting for a long time!"
I reached behind her, unfastened her bra, and let it fall to the floor. I again cupped her boobs and started rolling her nipples between my fingers. "I wanna make you moan!"
I lowered my right hand and slid my fingers inside her little panties. She had obviously prepared for having sex tonight; her pussy was cleanly shaved and I did not feel any stubble at all. I teased her clit with my fingers and then brought my left hand around to her cute little behind. I groped and fondled her ass for a minute and then I slid my left hand inside her panties and down her ass crack until the tip of my finger came to rest on her cute little asshole. She immediately began thrusting her ass towards my finger while uttering soft moans of pleasure.
"Oh, baby! Do you wanna fuck me in the ass?" she asked, clearly suggesting that she wanted to feel my dick in her behind.
"Maybe I do, but you said I can't tell you!" I responded. "So I'm just going to do it!"
When I sensed that she was getting close to an orgasm, I withdrew my hands from her panties. She was standing by the side of the bed and I turned her so that her back was towards the bed. I knelt on the floor and reached up to pull down her panties. As soon as her pussy came into view, I leaned forward and began lapping at her slit.
I gently pushed her towards the bed and she sat down, then I pushed her torso so that she was reclined with her ass at the edge of the bed. I reached into the bedside stand and retrieved a slender vibrator and some KY. I turned on the vibrator and started sliding it up and down her slit, not allowing it to rest on her clit very long. I put her feet on my shoulders and she inched forward, toward the side of the bed, and her cute little pink pucker came out of hiding.
I started moving the vibrator in circles around her clit and she again started moaning softly. I then lowered my face and began licking on one side, and then the other, of her ass, gradually moving closer to the bottom of her crack and her cute little heiney hole.
When the tip of my tongue touched her pucker, she began to thrust her ass towards my tongue. Rather than prolong her agony, I decided to let her have her first orgasm of the night. I put a bit of KY on my finger, penetrated her derriere with my slippery finger, took the vibrator off of her clit and put it inside her pussy, then started sucking on her clit as I thrust the vibrator and my finger in and out of her in unison.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!" she cried as her arousal built in a rapid crescendo. "I'm so close, baby!"
I renewed my attack on her clit and sucked and licked as if my life depended on her orgasm. I licked up and down her gash, I sucked her juices, I twirled my tongue around her fun nubbin, and I moaned as if I was the one who was about to have an orgasm.
Within seconds, she was over the edge. She grabbed my head and held it close to her pussy. Her breathing became ragged and her body began to have rhythmic waves of contractions. "Ohhhhh!!" she moaned. "Fuuuuuck!" I felt her ass squeezing my finger, relaxing, squeezing again, until her energy was spent and she was covered with a sheen of perspiration.
I withdrew my finger and the vibrator and got on the bed, patting the bed to indicate that she should move up to be beside me. "Holy shit!" she managed to weakly proclaim as she crawled into place beside me.
I pushed her shoulder, indicating that I wanted her to roll over, and she did not have the power to resist. I straddled her ass and placed a generous amount of KY on my dick, then I took aim and rubbed the head against her back door.
"Uhhhmmmm," she vocalized, and I kept rubbing and pushing. In a few seconds, I moved past her sphincter and the head of my dick was in her ass. "Don't move for a few seconds. Let me get used to it," she requested, and I complied.
Despite her apparent arousal from anal play over the preceding six months, we had not had penetrating anal sex very often. I thought that she was willing to do it for me but really would prefer not to do it, and I was okay with not having anal sex, but if it was an option . . . hell yes, I wanted to cum in her ass!
"Okay now, go slow," she said. I began to push forward into her ass about two inches and I felt my balls resting on her butt cheeks.
"Baby, your ass is SOOO tight! You feel so good!" I whispered into her ear. "I'm not gonna stop 'til I cum inside you!"
I began to pull back but not so far that I pulled out of her. Then I reversed direction and stared pushing back into her, a little bit faster this time. "You're so beautiful, and I get so turned on by your boobs and pussy and ass. You make me feel so good!"
"Fuck my ass harder! Cum in my ass! Fill me up!"
That was all the encouragement I needed. I started thrusting more vigorously while I reached under her and grabbed her titties. Her nipples felt like steel ball bearings. Her ass squeezed me like a hand that did not want to let go! Before long, I felt the pressure building behind my balls. I was so close!
"I'm gonna cum in your ass!" I told her and within a few seconds, I felt the cum rushing through my dick, squirting into her tight ass.
"Ahhhh!" she cried and it looked like she, too, was having an orgasm from butt sex! I felt her ass pulsing in waves of contractions just like a pussy when it cums.
"So fucking good!" I uttered before my last jet of cum entered her tight little asshole.
"Oh, fuck!" she managed to say. "Fuck that was good!"
Within a minute, I went limp and her tight sphincter pushed me out. I knew that I should go to the bathroom and clean up . . . but I didn't. I was still a bit under the influence of the alcohol we had consumed earlier, I was exhausted from the anxiety of proposing, and I was exhausted from giving Miss Mona the ass fucking of her life. Within seconds, I was in dream land and so was Miss Mona.
The next morning, I got up, put on a bathrobe, and headed towards the kitchen to make coffee. Miss Macy was not sleeping on the sofa. Her bedroom door was open so I looked in to see if she was awake. She was sprawled on her bed, still in the same panties and bra, sleeping rather soundly.
About an hour later, Miss Mona woke, fixed her cup of coffee, and joined me on the sofa in the family room. She put her arms around me, gave me a nice kiss, and said, "Good morning, Mr. Landis!"
"Good morning, Mrs. Landis!" I replied.
"We can 'celebrate' some more tonight but I need to get some food in my stomach. I'm a little bit hung over. And . . . it's the damnedest thing but . . . it feels like," and she lowered her tone to a whisper as she continued, "it feels like I got fucked in my ass last night! I can barely sit down!"
"It probably feels that way because . . . I did fuck you in your ass!" I whispered in response.
"Mr. Landis, you are a naughty, naughty boy!" she pretended to chastise me.
"If I may be so presumptuous as to call you Mrs. Landis . . . my dear, you begged me to fuck your ass and you wouldn't allow me to stop until I came in your cute little behind, so . . . I think YOU are the naughty one! But . . . I LOVE that in a future wife!" I paused, then asked, "Does it really hurt, dear?"
As I finished that question, we both heard the flush of a toilet that indicated Miss Macy was awake and in motion so we reigned in the sexual banter. When she walked into the family room, Miss Mona called her over to the sofa and then held her hand up to show off her engagement ring.
"Congratulations, Mom!" she said. "When's the wedding?"
"Well, we just got engaged last night so we really haven't had a chance to talk about any details. I'm sure we'll all start planning this together in the next several weeks."
"Does this mean we'll all start living together? Maybe in a house instead of an apartment?"
"Is that what you want, sweetie?" I asked.
"Of course it is!" she exclaimed. "I want us to be a happy family and . . . do you think maybe I'll get a baby brother or sister?" she asked with a teasing twinkle in her eye.
"No, I meant would you rather live in a house than an apartment?" I asked teasingly.
"Well, there are some cute guys at the pool here, but I can't go skinny dipping in the pool here!"
"Who says we'd get a house with a pool?" I continued my teasing?
"And who says you'd be allowed to go skinny dipping?" Miss Mona asked with a slightly more serious tone in her voice.
"Well, if I went skinny dipping when you two weren't home, you'd never know about it, would you?" Miss Macy quickly replied. "But, first, we need to get you two married! Can we go shopping today?"
"Well, we could," replied Miss Mona, "but today is New Year's Day and everything is closed! Let's enjoy the day and we can start thinking about a date for the wedding."
* * *
In the following months, Miss Mona and I selected a date and a place for the wedding and reception and everything else was planned by Miss Mona and Miss Macy. They were both very excited and nothing gets the estrogen flowing like planning a wedding! I understood that my role was to simply provide a credit card and check book and show up at the chosen place and time.
Miss Mona decided to have Miss Macy serve as her maid of honor. If she had not done that, I probably would have had Miss Macy be my best man! Instead, I chose my best friend from college. Ken lived about 5 hours away so Miss Mona and I found a long weekend, took an extra day off of the work week, and we visited Ken and his wife. Ken and I caught up on old times while Miss Mona and Ken's wife got acquainted.
Miss Macy actually volunteered to be the wedding photographer and I thought she would probably do a decent job but I did not want to put any pressure on her. I wanted her to be able to participate in the wedding and enjoy it so I explained all of that to her and she was fine with my decision, perhaps because I also emphasized that I was very proud of how well she had progressed with her photography.
I continued to sleep over at Miss Mona's on weekend nights but stayed in my own apartment during the week. Miss Mona and I continued to have a great time together and we included Miss Macy in many of our activities. Miss Macy had an active social life and there were boys who took her on dates but they never lasted very long. Despite the lack of a long term boyfriend, Miss Macy seemed to be very happy.
The wedding was scheduled for July. Miss Mona and I would be able to enjoy a honeymoon before she needed to return to work in August. Miss Macy would stay with her grandmother while we were away. When we returned, we would start looking for a house to buy. Everything was discussed and planned and life seemed rather perfect.
You may be thinking that this all sounds too perfect and that, certainly, something ominous must be lurking behind the pages of the calendar. No, everything was happy, we were becoming a stronger family unit - even before the wedding - and all was well with us.
When the school year ended, Miss Macy got a job working in a boutique at the mall. She spent all of her money on clothes and became ever more of a girly girl. I could see that the transformation from little girl to young woman had begun and I was proud to claim her as my future step-daughter. We continued working on our photography hobby and I could easily imagine her becoming a professional photographer.
We found a house that was big enough for the three of us, big enough for some serious entertaining, and it had a large, landscaped pool with a stucco privacy fence. I know Miss Macy was happy about the pool and her large bedroom. Miss Mona was happy that the house had enough rooms to dedicate one to being a home office and she also loved the kitchen. What I loved the most was that my girls were happy! We closed on the house about a month before the wedding and we all moved in immediately.
The wedding was a blowout affair. Miss Mona had excellent taste and she had put much time and energy into planning the day. We had a church wedding and a reception at the Ribault Club, an elegant but not pretentious facility on Ft. George Island. Miss Mona was absolutely beautiful and Miss Macy looked like a fashion model! We had a great live band, a wonderful caterer, a bartender who really knew her stuff, and even the old dinosaurs in attendance got down and boogied!
I had a father-daughter dance with Miss Macy and she went overboard telling me how happy she was and that she knew her mom was happy and then she said that the absolute best part was that she had introduced the two of us . . . and she was right! I kissed her on the forehead and told her that the day I met her was the second best day of my life. She smiled and then she kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "Me, too!"
Miss Mona's mom came and stayed at our house with Miss Macy while we were on our honeymoon, so we didn't need to worry about wild parties and adolescent debauchery while we were away. Instead, we simply enjoyed our Caribbean cruise and we had more sex than a Hindu whore house! We had passionate sex, we had hot sex, we had wild sex, and we had kinky sex. I was sad to see the week come to an end, but it did. Our ship returned to home port and we were ready to get in our car and drive home. We both missed Miss Macy!
Miss Macy was glad to see us and grandma was glad to be able to return to her home. We all went out to dinner that night to celebrate the first night that we were together as an "official" family. Then we went home and Miss Mona and I slept quite soundly.
* * *
Miss Mona was just as wonderful after our marriage as she had been before our marriage. She was an honest, faithful, and dedicated partner, a beautiful woman, and as horny as a woman can be. She kept me happy in every way that a man can expect. She wanted sex 3 or 4 times every week and I was very happy to respond to her needs.
Miss Macy became like a daughter to me. She asked my permission to do things, she occasionally sought my advice, and she and I occasionally went out to dinner when Miss Mona had an obligation in the evening. She didn't call me "Daddy" when she was talking to me but when I overheard her talking to her friends, she referred to me as "her Daddy." Every time I heard that, I smiled.
Things got even more relaxed around our house. There was never any nudity but seeing Miss Macy in her bra and panties became quite the norm and Miss Mona also frequently walked around the house in her underwear, sometimes topless. I was a bit more reserved only because I did not want anyone to learn what was happening in the privacy of our home and twist it into a story about me exposing myself to a teen girl and especially a teen girl who was not my daughter. I know that it is silly that guys must worry about such things but it is a sometimes silly society in which we live.
Yes, Miss Macy knew that she had me wrapped around her little finger and I really didn't care. She had lived most of her life without a father and she deserved some pampering and extra attention. A week after we returned from the honeymoon, we celebrated Miss Macy's seventeenth birthday. I took her on a shopping spree and she spent some major bucks on clothes but I'm sure that, within the following weeks, she began to get lots of mileage out of being the best dressed girl in the senior class.
In October, it appeared that Miss Macy was getting a serious boyfriend and Miss Mona got her daughter started on birth control. His name was Jason and he seemed like a good kid. He was one of the academic kids, well mannered and very sociable. Despite his pleasant appearance and good manners, I was convinced that he was very interested in pulling down Miss Macy's panties. I guess the overprotective father in me reacted with a bit of anger and resentment. I tried to keep those feelings to myself because nothing good would come from revealing them to Miss Macy and . . . up until now, she had been a really good kid. As far as I knew, Miss Macy was still a virgin, and the resident Mama Bear had the same impression about Miss Baby Bear.
Miss Macy was rarely home on Friday and Saturday nights and Miss Mona and I had the house to ourselves. We had a heater on the pool so we could use it into late November. Quite often, on a Friday night, we would come home and grill steaks, have a few Margaritas, and then go skinny dipping in the pool. Of course, that always led to sex but not in the pool.
If you have ever seen movies that showed a couple having sex in the pool, it looks like it would be a great place for sex. The reality is that water washes away a woman's natural lubrication so penetration is much more difficult when you are in the water. We usually went from the pool to the shower - together - where we played rub-a-dub-dub with our naked bodies and then we got in bed and went wild. On a few occasions, we had sex in the shower (I would temporarily turn off the water) and once or twice, we just got out of the pool and had sex on the pool deck.
By the time that Christmas arrived, Miss Macy had broken up with Jason. She didn't seem very upset by the breakup and she started dating a few other guys but nothing that was very serious. Miss Mona and I decided to take Miss Macy with us to Charleston for the week after Christmas and the three of us had a great time. If you have never been there, it is a charming city, a very welcoming place for visitors, and a fun destination.
* * *
On March 14, around 10:30 am, my secretary - Miss Darcy - told me that there was some breaking news alert about Miss Mona's school. I turned on the local news and heard that Miss Mona's school - Englewood Middle School - was on lockdown and there were reports of gunshots being heard at the school. The immediate suspicion was that a student had brought a gun to school and was running loose, shooting at whoever came into view.
I immediately got in my car and rushed to the school. Of course, the police had a perimeter barricade established and I was not allowed to enter. Still, I was close enough to hear what was happening and to watch the little bit of first responder traffic that was entering and leaving the school. At one point, I saw an ambulance entering the perimeter and then rushing away with sirens blaring just a few minutes later.
Shortly afterwards, I received a call from a number that caller ID said was the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office. I answered it before the second ring, afraid to hear whatever news the caller had for me. "Hello, this is Jack Landis," I answered.
"Mr. Landis, this is Lt. Roberts with the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office. I'm very sorry to have to tell you that your wife has been shot in the shooting at Englewood Middle School. She's in an ambulance en route to University Hospital on Eighth Street. She's alive but she appears to be in very serious condition. Would you like for me to have a patrol car pick you up and take you to the hospital?"
"Yes, I'm not sure I would be very safe behind the wheel right now. I'm at the intersection of Spring Park and Spring Glen Road."
"Stay there and I'll have Sgt. Acosta pick you up in about two minutes. Mr. Landis, your wife is a very brave woman!"
Sgt. Acosta arrived very quickly, put me in his front seat, then turned on the blue lights and siren and started racing to University Hospital. Fortunately, there wasn't much traffic on the interstate. While we were en route, Sgt. Acosta told me that my wife had apparently been shot while trying to protect her students. The police had shot and killed the shooter and were in the process of searching the school just to verify that there was not more than one shooter on the scene.
While he and I were talking, I remembered Miss Macy and asked if she could be picked up and brought to the hospital. He promised that he would go to her high school and get her just as soon as he dropped me off at the emergency room.
I entered the University ER and was told that Miss Mona had immediately been taken into surgery. I was taken to the surgery waiting area, I fixed a cup of coffee, and then I sat and began crying. After the passage of some time - it felt like an eternity - I felt a presence near me and I looked up and saw Miss Macy.
She was standing in front of me and I immediately rose and put my arms around her. Her quiet sobs turned into anguished cries and all I could do was to hold her in my arms. I could think of no words that would possibly comfort her so I said nothing.
About twenty minutes later, a surgeon approached us. "Are you Mr. Landis?" he asked.
"Yes," I responded, "and this is my daughter, Miss Macy."
"Mrs. Landis was barely alive when she got to the hospital. She had two gunshot wounds, one to the chest and one to the abdomen. She had suffered a very heavy loss of blood and we began immediate transfusions. The chest wound involved a rupture of the pulmonary artery and we immediately began procedures to repair that but Mrs. Landis went into hypovolemic shock and, despite our best efforts, we couldn't save her. I'm very sorry but she passed away about 10 minutes ago."
I remained silent for a moment, trying to absorb the enormity of the realization that I would never again see Miss Mona. Finally, I managed to say, "We appreciate your efforts. Thank you," I heard myself saying but it felt tremendously unreal to me. Miss Macy looked at me as if the world had just ended. Within seconds, we were both crying like babies. I was holding her and she was holding me. We cried forever and then we cried some more.
When we stopped crying, the hospital staff again spoke to us. Under state law, all homicides require an autopsy of the victim. The staff estimated that the autopsy could be performed within the next 12 hours. After that, they would be able to transfer the body to a funeral home and they asked for my preference.
Later that day, we learned that the shooter was a student at the school. He had recently expressed a romantic interest in one of the female students and she had rebuffed his attention. The female student was in Miss Mona's third period class and that is when the male retrieved a gun from his locker and proceeded to Miss Mona's classroom. Miss Mona had immediately tried to talk him down from his bitter need for revenge but he was undeterred. She then used her body to shield the girl from her attacker and that is when she got shot. By that time, the school security officer was approaching the classroom and the shooter ran without ever firing at his intended victim so Miss Mona had, in fact, been successful at saving the young girl's life.
Fortunately, a friend of mine had recently retired and he offered to fill in at my office while I dealt with all of the consequences of this horrible, horrible tragedy. The next few days were an absolute nightmare. I had to notify all of her family and my family, make funeral arrangements, and console Miss Macy. And, when I had a moment that was not consumed with some responsibility, I cried.
I had experienced many relationships in my past that were okay but none that compared to what I had with Miss Mona. No one would ever replace Miss Mona.
The night of March 14, after all of the family and friends had left and Miss Macy and I were finally alone, we sat on the sofa in silence. She just leaned towards me and buried her face in my chest and I kept my arms around her.
After a few minutes, I suggested that it was bedtime for both of us. She gave me a tight hug and told me that she was glad that she still had me in her life. I kissed her on the forehead and then sent her upstairs to get ready for bed. I went to my bedroom, got undressed - except for my boxers - brushed my teeth, etc. I then walked down the hallway to check on Miss Macy. She was in her bed but I could hear her crying.
I walked to her bedside and placed my hand on her shoulder.
"Daddy, will you lie down with me and hold me?" she asked. How could anyone refuse that request? I lifted the covers and slid into her bed, snuggled up behind her, and put my arms around her.
"Close your eyes, sweetie," I suggested to her, "I'll stay with you until you fall asleep." Within seconds, we were both asleep.
* * *
When I woke up the following morning, I was still in bed with Miss Macy. The preceding night, I had not noticed, but she was wearing only her panties and a t-shirt. Seeing her like that made me think of how cute she was, both physically and emotionally, and how much this sweet girl did not deserve to lose her one remaining parent at such an early age. I eased out of bed so that I would not wake her, got dressed, and went to the kitchen to fix a cup of coffee.
The day was a blur of activity and, fortunately, it finally came to an end. Just like the previous night, I went to check on Miss Macy, she was crying. Again, she requested that I lie down and comfort her and we spent a second night in bed together.
* * *
The funeral was the most attended funeral I have ever seen. There were hundreds of students, teachers, administrators, friends, elected officials, Miss Mona's family and friends, Miss Macy's friends, my family and friends, professional acquaintances, and others who simply wanted to pay their respects to a brave woman. Miss Mona's death had actually received some attention from the national media and even more attention from the statewide media. Even the Governor attended the funeral!
Throughout the day, Miss Macy was by my side constantly. If I turned away from her for a moment, she soon felt my absence, searched for me, and then resumed her vigil by my side. We held hands at the graveside as we touched the coffin and said goodbye. I thought that Miss Macy was going to collapse and I promised myself that I would be strong for her.
As we turned away from the grave and headed towards our car, Miss Macy's grandmother suggested that Miss Macy could come live at grandma's house. Her sense of timing was absolutely awful but I knew that she meant well. Before I could respond and suggest that we consider that idea at a later time, Miss Macy said that she still had a home with me and she tactfully declined the offer. Grandma understood and I assured Miss Mona's mother that Miss Macy and I would visit her on a regular basis.
* * *
In the coming weeks, Miss Macy and I had several discussions. I told her that, although she was not my daughter in any legal sense, I loved her like a father loves a daughter and I would certainly treat her as I would treat a daughter. She could continue to live with me for as long as she wanted to do that. I assured her that I could easily get a custody order that would satisfy the legal requirements and that, obviously, when she turned 18 in four months, she would legally be an adult and would have the legal right to make decisions for herself.
After a week away from school, Miss Macy resumed attending for her final months of high school. The months that should have been an absolute delight for her had become dreary and burdensome. She did not attend her senior prom or participate in many of the other social events associated with the final months of high school. Fortunately, she did return to her studies and kept her grades up.
She had not yet made a final decision about college. Though she had been accepted to several schools, she decided to postpone going away to college. She decided to spend at least her first year at the local state university. I must admit that, solely from a selfish perspective, I was happy to hear her decision. Having Miss Macy leave in August would have been devastating for me.
High school graduation was a bittersweet event because Miss Mona's absence was painfully obvious. Even though Miss Mona had not taught at Miss Macy's high school, the school took time to recognize Miss Mona's brave sacrifice. Miss Macy received a standing ovation as she walked across the stage and I could tell that she was crying as she received her diploma. Instead of going out to graduation parties and having fun with her friends after the ceremony, she came home and stayed in for the night.
It was obvious that Miss Macy was going to recover very slowly and I wanted to do whatever I could to speed along the process before she started her college classes in late August. I suggested that we take a 7 night Caribbean cruise in July to celebrate her eighteenth birthday and she didn't act thrilled about the idea but she didn't say no, so I had Miss Darcy book a room on one of the nicer cruise ships.
* * *
A few weeks before the cruise, Miss Macy announced that she needed to do some shopping. That meant, of course, that she wanted me and my credit card to go to the mall with her. I told her that we would go on the following Saturday afternoon, which happened to be her birthday, and then out to dinner afterwards. We spent a few hours going from store to store. In some stores, she held up potential purchases and asked my opinion. In others, such as Victoria's Secret, she told me to sit down in the mall and do some people watching while she made her selections in private.
I told her that we would probably be invited to the captain's table for dinner one evening and there was also a formal dance one night, so she needed to have a few nice dresses with her. She pretended to be upset at the necessity of shopping for some fancy dresses but it was quite obvious that she was enjoying the experience. It was the first time that I had seen her smile in several months and, despite the final bill for the shopping spree, I was quite elated to see a glimpse of the previously happy Miss Macy.
We went to dinner at an Italian restaurant managed by one of my friends. They seated us in a private dining room and we proceeded to have a nice, leisurely meal. As soon as we ordered an appetizer, my friend brought us a bottle of wine and three glasses. He opened the bottle and demonstrated to Miss Macy what a responsible sommelier would do when opening a wine and what a customer should do before approving the wine. He sat and shared a glass of wine with us. Miss Macy seemed to enjoy being educated on an adult subject and she tried to act sophisticated while sipping her glass of merlot.
The meal was outstanding and, of course, one glass of merlot became three glasses of merlot. We had cannolis for dessert and Miss Macy said that it was the best meal, and the best birthday, she had ever had. She was not falling down drunk but it was obvious that she was a little bit under the influence. She held my hand as we walked out to the car and got in to return home.
When we arrived home, I said, "I'm not ready for bed but I'm going to my bedroom to change."
"Me, too, Daddy. This is the first day that I've felt okay in many months and I don't want it to end. I think I'll try on one of my new purchases."
I carried the shopping bags to her room and then went down the hall to get out of my clothes. As had become the norm for us, I left just my boxers on. I went to the kitchen and got some water and then returned to the family room and sat on the sofa. I scanned the cable guide but didn't see anything that grabbed my attention.
I heard Miss Macy approaching from behind me and then she came into view. She walked to a spot a few feet in front of the sofa and then began posing like a model.
"What do you think, Daddy?" she asked me in a little girl voice.
"Wow," I said quite sincerely. "Wow!" Miss Macy was wearing a night gown that was a sheer top with matching panties. I was accustomed to seeing her panties but this top was sheer enough that I could vaguely discern her nipples . . . and they were quite obviously erect.
"I thought that it was time for me to try something a bit more grown up and I wanted to see how you liked this."
"Well, honey, it's . . . stunning and . . . seeing you looking so grown up is . . . it's rather breathtaking!" I said.
"So does that mean that you like it?" she asked.
"Well . . . I love it!" I admitted.
She walked towards me and then proceeded to sit on my lap, facing me, with her knees straddling my legs. She bent forward, placed her arms around my neck, and gave me a tight hug. "I love you, Daddy. I don't know what I would do if I didn't have you in my life. I know you've been trying very hard to help me through the hard times and I want you to know how much I love you for everything you do."
In the back of my mind, I was aware of her little breasts and hard nipples poking me in my chest, but I was trying to concentrate on being a good father. I was also aware that her pussy was just a few inches from my dick but, fortunately, there was no sign of arousal in the pants department.
"My dear, you are my world now and I would be lost without you," I confessed to her.
"I thought about Mom a lot during the day," she continued. "I thought about what we would be doing if she was here. Do you think this feeling will ever go away?"
"I hope so, honey. I'm still hurting, too. I miss seeing her, I miss her voice, I miss her touch, my bed feels empty . . ."
"Well, about that empty bed . . . since this is a tough night for both of us, can I sleep in your bed tonight? Please!?!?!"
Once again, I could not say no to Miss Macy.
"Okay, I guess maybe that would be okay," I answered her. "Are you ready for bed now?"
"Well, I don't think I'm going to sleep in this nightgown but it will just take me a minute to change," she explained.
She went off to her bedroom to change and I locked the doors, turned off the lights, and set the alarm. I brushed my teeth and then got in my bed. Just seconds later, Miss Macy entered the bedroom. She was wearing a thong and a cut off t-shirt that came just below her boobs. Apparently, she was not wearing a bra.
Miss Macy got between the sheets and rolled over so that she was spooned with me. She reached back, found my hand, and pulled it over her.
"This feels real nice, Daddy. I love you."
"I love you, too, sweetie."
Miss Macy was not accustomed to drinking AND it had been a very active day for her so it wasn't long before she was asleep. I felt a little bit guilty because it felt good to have this beautiful girl sleeping in my bed with my arms wrapped around her. I was still her daddy and I intended to keep that fact foremost in my mind . . . but it did feel good.
I allowed myself to at least smile before I joined Miss Macy in dreamland.
Sometime during the night, Miss Macy got up to pee and to get some water. She didn't bother to close the bathroom door, most likely because she assumed that I was still asleep. However, I had apparently sensed the movement in the bed and awakened as she got up. I heard her flush and then I heard the running water as she washed her hands. Then she left the bedroom for a minute, probably for a visit to the refrigerator to get some water.
I didn't open my eyes or say anything to her as she got back in bed. She scooted back so that she was again spooned with me, and then she reached back and pulled my arm over her. This time, she guided my hand so that it was cupping her t-shirt clad boob! I didn't know whether she had done that intentionally or what, but she apparently didn't think it was a big deal - even though I had never previously touched her boobs at all. Since it didn't bother her I assumed that it was unintentional and she wasn't thinking of it in sexual terms, so I just kept my mouth closed and drifted back off to sleep with a wonderful sample of 34B in my hand.
At some point during the night, I'm not sure whether I was awake or dreaming but I had the sensation that Miss Macy was gently pulling up on her t-shirt until it exposed her boob and my fingers were now wrapped around her naked tit. I recall her nipple being hard and my dick getting hard but then, if I had in fact roused from the deepest stages of my sleep, I quickly returned to the depths of dreamland.
When I finally woke up in the morning, my hand was still cupping her boob, but the nipple was no longer hard. I assumed that meant that Miss Macy was still asleep, and that was a good thing because . . . sometime before I awoke, I had developed an erection and Mr. Willy had popped out of the fly on my boxers. It was firmly poking Miss Macy in her almost naked ass and I would have been very embarrassed if she had been awake.
I slowly rolled over and away from her, stuffed Mr. Elephant back in his cage, and quietly got out of bed. I went to the bathroom, closed the door, drained the lizard, then went to the kitchen to make a cup of coffee. I turned on the TV and started watching a recap of Saturday's baseball scores when I heard Miss Macy enter the room.
She was still dressed in her thong and cut off t-shirt. "Good morning, cutie!" I greeted her.
"Good morning, daddy!" she replied. "My head hurts just a little bit this morning. Is that a hangover?"
"Yes, honey. The best cure for a hangover is to keep drinking plenty of water during the night, take ibuprofen before you go to bed, take ibuprofen again when you wake up the next morning, and eat a good breakfast, so . . . maybe you should go pour yourself a glass of orange juice, take some ibuprofen, then get dressed and I'll take you out to breakfast."
"Okay, daddy!"
A few minutes later, she reappeared in the family room and slid onto my lap, facing me, with her knees straddling my legs. "Daddy, yesterday was the best day I've had in a long time and I really liked going to sleep with your arms around me. It made me feel . . . so special! I love you, daddy!" she whispered in my ear, then she kissed me on the cheek before she got back up and went to get dressed.
Breakfast was uneventful and there was no mention of me poking her ass with a boner, so I felt that I had dodged a bullet. Still, I pondered what she had said and I wondered if she was just an innocent girl enjoying the feel of being protected or if she had been hiding some developing desire.
* * *
The next Wednesday night, we packed our bags and got ready to depart for our cruise. There are a few cruises which depart from Jacksonville but most of the nicer cruises depart from Port Canaveral. We planned on driving down on Thursday, spending the night in a motel, then driving to the port early Friday morning.
I went into Miss Macy's room to say good night to her. She was already in bed and I went and sat on the side of the bed and we talked for a minute. As I talked, she clutched the sheet to her chest and sat up. I put my arm around her to give her a hug and realized that she was not wearing a top.
"Are you feeling hot tonight?" I teased her.
"No, you mean, like . . . I'm not wearing a top? Sometimes I don't wear anything when I'm sleeping. Is that okay, Daddy?"
"That's okay when you're sleeping in here alone, but I'm still your father."
"Daddy, sometimes you're so silly!" she said in her little girl voice that always melted my heart. "You've seen my boobs before. Now go to bed and get some sleep!" she commanded me in a falsely authoritative voice.
"Yes, mother!" I retorted.
When I got in bed, I thought about how her skin felt when I had my arm around her. I wondered whether she was wearing any panties and then I chastised myself for thinking about my step-daughter's panties. Eventually, I went to sleep.
Thursday morning, we woke up, got dressed, and stopped at a restaurant for breakfast before we got on I-95. On the way down to Port Canaveral, we talked about such a range of subjects and I really enjoyed the conversation. I felt that Miss Macy was slowly starting to come out of her depression though I was concerned about the sexual innuendoes in our earlier conversations.
It was only a two hour drive to Port Canaveral and we were there by 10:30 am. After we checked into the hotel, Miss Macy asked if we could go spend some time on Cocoa Beach. I agreed and we took turns changing into swimwear in the bathroom. When Miss Macy came out of the bathroom, she was wearing some nylon shorts over her bikini bottom and she had a t-shirt on and I thought it was interesting that she was acting a bit modest.
When we got to Cocoa Beach, I found a place to park, grabbed our towels, and we made our way out onto the beach. Once we found a place to park ourselves, we put our towels down and then Miss Macy peeled off her t-shirt and shorts. The bikini she was wearing was hot! The bottom was barely big enough to cover her pussy and most of her behind was visible. The top cover her nipples and the lower half of her little boobs but the top half was clearly exposed. I was afraid that I would start getting a boner just looking at her so I busied myself with some meaningless detail until I lay down on the towel and I immediately turned over so that I was belly down.
"Daddy, did you remember to bring some sun screen?" she asked.
"Yes, it's in the bag, dear," I responded and automatically added, "do you need help putting it on?" Oh why in the hell did I ask that, I silently wondered.
"No, silly, I've been working on my tan all summer. I don't need it but you sure do. We can't have you getting sunburned at the beginning of the cruise!"
She knelt beside me and squeezed the sunscreen out of the tube and into her hand. Instead of kneeling beside me, she straddled my behind and I felt her bikini covered pussy resting on my ass. Again, I chastised myself for thinking about her pussy. That was certainly not a very paternal thought!
I felt her hands on my back as she started applying the lotion as if she was giving me a massage. I was surprised at how strong her hands felt.
I had my hands stretched out above my head and, as she proceeded to apply lotion to my arms, she left her knees in place and simply stretched out to reach as far as she could. This brought her chest down on my bare back and though she was wearing a bikini top, I thought I could feel erect nipples.
"Daddy, you have very strong arms! I like the way your muscles feel!" she said. I thought that her voice sounded very alluring and then I rebuked myself for entertaining the absurd fantasy that an 18 year old girl could want a man such as me. Despite my anger at myself, my fantasy became visual as I saw myself dancing a slow dance with Miss Macy at a New Year's Eve party. As the band played a soulful love song, my right hand rested in the small of her back. My fingertips pressed against her gown until I felt the bottom of her spine and my fingertips then extended lower until I reached the point where any lower movement would mean that I was feeling her ass. I felt her arm tighten its hold around my waist. I allowed my fingertips to reach lower and she breathlessly whispered into my ear, "Oh, Daddy!"
* * *
"Daddy, do you want me to do your legs?" she asked in an exasperated voice.
"Oh, yes, honey, that would be fine," I answered.
* * *
As we continued dancing, my hand cupped her ass and she was lightly moaning into my ear.
Somehow, everyone else at the dance had disappeared and we were the only two people in the room. The music had continued but the band had also disappeared. Since we were alone, I became a bit bolder. I reached up to the top of her gown and slowly began pulling the zipper downward. When it reached the bottom of its travel, I placed my right hand on her back and immediately realized that she was not wearing a bra.
"My dear, I'm surprised at what you aren't wearing," I said softly with feigned shock.
"Daddy, when your boobs are as small as mine, a bra really isn't necessary," she explained.
"Dear, I haven't ever actually seen your boobs, but as far as I can tell, they're just perfect," I said.
"Would you like to see my little boobs, Daddy?" she asked coyly.
* * *
"Daddy, I'm finished. Can you put some lotion on my back?" she asked.
"Oh , yes, dear. Absolutely!" I responded as my lustful reverie quickly faded.
She was already stretched out on her towel and she reached behind her to unfasten her bikini top. This, I was quite certain, was not my fantasy but was actually occurring. I poured some lotion on the small of her back and started pushing it upward and outward. After a few moments, she said, "You need to cover my lower back, too, Daddy." As she finished saying that, she reached down and pulled her bikini bottom down until I could clearly see the upper part of her butt crack.
"Dear!" was all I could manage to say.
"Daddy, nobody but you is close enough to see me and, besides, we're sharing a room and I'm hoping a bed for the next seven nights," she responded.
"And?" I asked, not comprehending the import of her last statement.
"I usually don't wear anything when I sleep, Daddy . . .," she replied in a very matter of fact tone.
"Oh," was the most intelligent thing I could say. I suspect that I had a deer-in-the-headlights look on my face.
She gave me that "come hither" motion with her index finger, beckoning me to put my face close to hers. In her soft, intimate voice, she explained, "We're going to be on a ship where no one knows us, I'm legally an adult, nobody knows what happens behind closed doors, and, anyway, it's none of their business."
"My dear, I'm not quite sure what you are trying to tell me," I said.
"Daddy, you booked this cruise because you think I need something to make me let go of the past and start moving forward, right? Well, you need to let go of the past and move forward, too. So, we're both gonna move forward, together, right?"
"Yes?" I said with querulous hesitation.
"So, let's have some fun and move forward," she suggested, and then she kissed me on the cheek. "And let's have a week that we never forget! I love you, Daddy!"
At that point, I felt confident that the next week would be unforgettable.
After about 30 minutes in the sun, I felt sufficiently baked and I suggested to Miss Mona that we go find someplace to have a cold drink and get out of the sun for a while. I did not want to begin the cruise by getting sunburned and most of us older natives are not tanned as we avoid the sun as much as possible.
Of course, Miss Macy wanted to visit the nearby "world famous" surf shop and that resulted in the purchase of one more bikini. I assumed that I would soon be seeing it aboard ship.
Eventually, we were back in our hotel room and Miss Macy suggested that I take my shower first. I grabbed my robe and went in the bathroom to undress. As I stood under the hot water and relaxed, my mind replayed the exchange on the beach and especially the comment about sleeping in the nude.
The idea of seeing Miss Macy naked evoked many feelings. Of course, the idea of seeing her nude body was arousing. I had seen her in a bikini many times and I had seen her in her panties and bra on numerous occasions but I had never seen her naked. She was beautiful like a much younger version of Miss Mona and I missed my wife horribly! I also felt guilty about being aroused by this young girl who was either throwing herself at me or who was simply very inhibited and unaware of the effect she had on me.
Most often, when I had such arousing fantasies, I would need to "take matters into my own hands" but the idea of masturbating to fantasies about my step-daughter seemed wrong and so I simply turned the shower handle to make the water a bit cooler and it had the desired effect. After I finished my shower and towel dried my body, I put on my robe and exited the bathroom.
Miss Macy had taken off her bikini and was lounging in panties and a bra. The panties were actually a thong and she was displaying an obvious camel toe. Fortunately, she quickly entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her.
I was tormented with conflict. I had always thought that Miss Macy was a very cute girl and, if I was 18 years old, I would love to date her. But . . . she was my step-daughter, or at least she was my former step-daughter. Miss Mona had only been gone for four months. What would she think about the way that Miss Macy was throwing herself at me? Would she tell me to be a father to Miss Macy, or would she say that no one could be a better first lover for Miss Macy other than me? Or was I perhaps deluding myself? Maybe Miss Macy was just being uninhibited and displaying a bit of exhibitionism in what she considered to be a safe environment. To say that I was confused would be an understatement.
Miss Macy took a long time in the bathroom and I dozed off while she was taking her shower.
"Daddy, wake up . . . you need to take your little girl out to dinner. I'm hungry!"
I felt a kiss on my cheek. When I opened my eyes, I saw that Miss Macy had already dressed in some shorts and a tee shirt. She was lying beside me and looking just beautiful.
"Where do you want to go for dinner, sweetie?"
"Well, we'll be eating nice meals for the next week but I can think of a few things we probably won't be able to get aboard ship, so . . . what should a daddy feed his little Southern girl?" she asked in her very best over-the-top Southern drawl.
"Well, little missy, let me see here, I reckon . . . Southern girl can always eat fried chicken and Southern girl can always eat barbecue." I returned in my best exaggerated Southern dialect.
"Let's get barbecue ribs, daddy!" she squealed. She knew, of course, that I would give her whatever she requested, so we were off to find some barbecue. The front desk recommended a local barbecue "joint" and they were right on target. The atmosphere was classic Southern barbecue joint and the ribs were moist and falling off the bone with a great tangy sauce. On the way back, Miss Macy asked if "we" could have some wine so I stopped and got a bottle for the two of us.
When we returned to our room, she turned on the television and found a movie to watch. I had nothing else to do so I opened the wine, poured two glasses, and sat down beside her to watch the film. It was something that featured an actress who is extremely cute and very well known and who, coincidentally, wears a 34B bra - the same size as Miss Macy.
I sipped my wine but Miss Macy drank hers a bit faster and before long, it was finished. She asked me to stop the movie because she needed to go pee. When she came out of the bathroom, she poured herself another glass of wine and returned to her position sitting beside me. I suggested that she slow down on the wine consumption so that she would feel okay in the morning.
She slowed down for a few minutes but about the time I finished my first glass, she had finished her second glass. She excused herself to go to the bathroom and, when she returned, she was not wearing her shorts.
She noticed me looking at her panties. "I decided to get more comfortable, Daddy. . . . You should get more comfortable, too."
Within the next hour, we would probably be getting in bed so, when I went to the bathroom, I took off my pants and shirt so that I was just wearing my boxers.
"I poured you another glass, Daddy. I decided to take your advice and slow down a bit."
"Smart girl," I noted.
When we resumed the movie, there was a scene in which three girls decide to have a sexfest with a virgin teen boy. It was not at all graphic but there were a few shots of the star topless.
"I don't get it, Daddy. Everybody says guys want big boobs but she's a movie star and she's got itty bitty titties!"
"Honey, all guys do not want girls with big boobs. I was very happy with your mother and she wore a 32B bra, so that isn't any bigger than this movie star. I thought she was beautiful!"
"I've been worried, Daddy. Guys never look at me and I'm afraid I'll be forced to become a lesbian because no guy will ever want me. My boobs are so fucking small!"
I had never heard Miss Macy use any foul language so she had my attention. "My dear, I don't know what you are talking about but you happen to be beautiful. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you!"
"You don't understand, Daddy, 'cause you haven't seen them." As soon as she said that, she stood up, turned to face me, and lifted her tee shirt to expose her boobs. "There, do you see how small they are. Maybe I need to get closer so you can see them!" She moved forward so that her knees were touching mine, and then she pulled the tee shirt over her head.
Miss Macy was standing before me in just her panties and I was afraid that I might start getting a boner, especially since I was only wearing my boxers.
"I've been doing things to try to get you to say something about my boobs for two weeks and you haven't said a word, not one word telling me that you think I'm cute. I don't want to hear it! This has been the worse year of my life!"
With that last exclamation, she burst into tears. I immediately stood and put my arms around her, She buried her face in my chest and I rubbed and patted her back in the same way that I would console a little child.
'Miss Macy, I do think you are beautiful and if the circumstances were different . . . Your mother died just four months ago and I miss her horribly, just as you do. You have been my step-daughter and I am trying to still be a father to you. You don't know how difficult this is for me because you remind me so much of your mother and she appealed to me in every way. But, honey, you really don't want me to be your boyfriend. If I was your boyfriend . . . I really would want to lick and suck on those boobs all night long . . . and more . . . but I'm still your daddy."
"I just want somebody to love me, Daddy. I want to be loved the way that a woman is loved by a man. I'm tired of being the last virgin at my high school! I want to know that I can make a man happy. I want somebody to lick and suck on my boobs all night long! And take my damned virginity!"
"Honey, all that will happen. I know you want it now but you have seventy or eighty years ahead of you and, before long, some guy is going to fall in love with you and it will be the greatest thing ever for you. Really!" I backed away just enough so that I could look her in the eye as I said, "And, some day, I may feel like the world's biggest idiot for not being the one to give you what you want now!" After a brief pause, I added, "Now, let's go to bed . . . to sleep!"
She smiled at me and I smiled at her. We took turns in the bathroom, brushing our teeth and getting ready for bed. She never put a shirt back on and she got into bed wearing just her panties. "I was serious earlier when I said that I usually sleep naked, but I'm going to take it easy on you tonight, Daddy!"
"You're such a thoughtful girl," I said in mock appreciation.
Miss Macy rolled onto her side and moved back so that we were spooned together, then she reached back, grabbed my hand, and pulled it around until it was cupping her boob.
"It feels just perfect, sweetie!" I candidly assured her. And then it happened. My dick started getting hard and it immediately started poking Miss Macy in her cute little ass.
"At least I know you're not lying, Daddy!" she teased me. "And it's okay, Daddy. I'm very flattered, it's been awhile for you, and it's nothing to apologize for. And it feels good so just leave it there. Let's go to sleep."
So I went to sleep cradling her sweet, precious little 34B boob in my hand and with my hard dick poking her cute little behind. Fortunately, between the driving, the time in the sun, and the wine, I was soon asleep.
* * *
When I woke up in the morning, I was still spooned with Miss Macy. The only difference was that my dick was poking out through the fly on my boxers. It was resting between her legs and against her panty-clad pussy. How it had happened was relatively unimportant. I just needed to extricate myself from this position without waking Miss Macy.
"Good morning, Daddy," she said as soon as I started to move.
"Damn!" I thought to myself. "Good morning, sweetie," I said to her. "It looks like something embarrassing happened to me in the middle of the night. If you don't mind, I'll just . . ."
"It was like that around 5 am when I woke up to pee, Daddy. I thought it looked nice and it really didn't bother me at all. At least I know that I have an effect on somebody!"
As I pulled my boner from between her legs and behind, she rolled over to her other side so that she was facing me, leaned up and kissed me on the lips. "Don't be embarrassed, Daddy. I feel flattered!"
I quickly tucked the little general back into his hiding spot. However, seeing Miss Macy's naked little boobs did nothing to help me lose my boner and I felt that I was losing my struggle to avoid crossing the line with her. I rolled over so that I was facing her, put my arm around her to pull her body against mine, and I said, "Yes, you should feel flattered, because you are responsible for the state of my . . . unit . . . and I'm trying so hard to be a good father but I suspect that you want none of that, so . . . I'm going to get up and pee."
And with that announcement, I rolled over to the side of the bed, stood up, and quickly made my way to the bathroom in a way so that the prominence of the bone in my britches would not be obvious.
We got dressed, put the suitcases in the car, and headed out to breakfast. After devouring two satisfying stacks of blueberry pancakes, we proceeded to the port, parked the car in long term parking, and got in line for the check-in. Since we had an upgraded stateroom, we received some VIP treatment and we were soon through the process and on our way up the gangplank.
Some staff escorted us to our room and Miss Macy let out a shriek when she saw where we would be staying for the next week. "Oh, Daddy, this is perfect!" she exclaimed. "So . . . perfect! You're the best daddy in the whole wide world . . .," she added as she put her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Then, she kissed me on the cheek and added, "and we're gonna have so much fun together!"
Our bags were delivered to the room within 10 minutes and we quickly unpacked our suitcases and got settled into our new bedroom for the next 7 nights.
"Daddy, I want to go up to the pool for awhile," Miss Macy announced. I think she expected me to say that I would go with her but I told her that I was going to explore the ship to get my bearings and we arranged to meet for lunch at 12:30.
While I was putting away my clothes and toiletries, Miss Macy changed into a bikini. She said goodbye, gave me a kiss on the cheek, and was gone before I knew what had happened.
I had about an hour before lunch so I start exploring each deck, finding the various dining rooms, shops, theatres, lounges, and recreational venues. By the time I was finished, it was about 12:15 so I headed back to the room. Miss Macy was already there and when I walked in, it appeared that she had just changed from her bikini into shorts and a halter top.
My lunch was a grilled ham, bacon, and gruyere sandwich on oatmeal bread with fries and a diet coke. Miss Macy had a cheeseburger and she claimed it was the best she ever had. She was very bubbly and I had not seen her with this much energy and enthusiasm in many months. My plan to bring her out of mourning seemed to be working and I was quite pleased with myself.
In the mid-afternoon, Miss Macy asked about getting a massage and I told her that would be fine. A few minutes later, she told me that she had booked us for a couples massage at 4:00 pm. That was not exactly what I was expecting but I did not complain.
When we went to the spa, there were two masseuses on duty. They placed us in a room with two massage tables and told us to disrobe to whatever extent we were comfortable. They then left to give us a few minutes. Without hesitation, Miss Macy disrobed until she was just wearing her panties. "Well, you've seen my boobs before and it's not a big deal, so get used to it," she said lightheartedly.
I stripped down to my boxers and got on the massage table. The two girls returned and they were very good at what they did. When I was on my back, I spent most of my time looking over at Miss Macy. Watching her having her body explored was a bit arousing at times and I had to look away to avoid getting an erection. Despite that distraction, it was a very relaxing experience and I was glad that Miss Macy had suggested the massage.
I reminded Miss Macy that we were dining at the Captain's table that evening and the dress was formal to semi-formal. I attended enough black tie events to justify owning a tuxedo, so I had brought it with me and Miss Macy had brought the dress which she bought for the senior prom that she never attended.
I took a shower and then got dressed while Miss Macy was in the shower. She exited the shower wrapped only in a towel and the sight of this beautiful young girl, looking so innocent and vulnerable, appealed to my most base instincts. Fortunately, she asked me to leave the room while she dressed. "Daddy, it wouldn't bother me at all to get dressed while you were here, but I want to surprise you!" she explained.
Anything that got her energized and motivated to make an effort was a good thing so I readily agreed. I told her that I would return to the room in an hour and instead, she suggested that she would simply meet me in the corridor outside the grand dining room at 7 pm.
I went to the business center to check my email and to peruse a few online news sources and soon it was 6:55 pm. I went to the fourth deck and made my way towards the dining room.
When I saw Miss Macy, I was speechless. She was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. The gown that she had chosen fit her body as if it was tailor made for her and it was a wonderful selection. It was youthful but stylish in a mature way, making her appear a few years older than her actual age. Her makeup was very slight, as she was naturally beautiful and needed very little enhancement.
Her hairstyle was stunning and, if she was not my step-daughter, I would have fallen in love with her at that very instant. I noticed several men staring at her and I'm sure that they were at least falling in lust with the vision before them.
I walked up behind her, put my hands on her shoulders, and pulled her back ever so slightly towards me. I leaned forward and quietly said, "My dear. You are an exquisite vision of loveliness and, for the rest of my life, I will remember exactly the way that you looked at this moment."
She turned around, looked me in the eyes, and smiled as she replied, "I'm trying so hard to make you happy in every way, Daddy, so . . . I'm glad you like me. Now, let's go eat!"
"Okay," I answered, "but always know that I don't just like you. I love you . . . and I always will."
She immediately leaned forward and gave me a quick kiss on the lips, then took my hand in hers, and turned for me to escort her to our table. We were quickly seated and I immediately sensed that every man at our table was jealous of me. I was quite proud to have Miss Macy by my side.
We introduced ourselves and Miss Macy surprised me with her facility at establishing rapport with the older couples at or table. We did not introduce ourselves as father and daughter; we only introduced ourselves by name and, since we did not share the same last name, everyone incorrectly assumed that we were a dating couple and they may have assumed that Miss Macy was a sugar baby. However, her liveliness and charm were so captivating that I'm sure all of our tablemates were enamored with her.
As we had previously agreed, Miss Macy and I both avoided any mention of the tragedy in our lives. We did not want sympathy and, while we obviously would never forget Miss Mona, we had come on this cruise to move forward and this was not the time to dwell on the past.
After dinner, Miss Macy and I went to the fourteenth deck and found a lounge with live music. She requested a margarita and I ordered a single malt scotch. We danced a few songs and then sat for a few minutes and engaged in talk primarily about the other guests, making up stories about them to explain why they were here and who they were with.
Miss Macy finished her margarita and we ordered another round of drinks. When the band started a slow song, she exclaimed that this was one of her favorite songs and she pulled me back out on to the dance floor. She locked her arms around my waist and placed her head on my shoulder. I placed my left arm across her upper back while my right arm rested on her backside.
As the song drew close to the end, she pulled her head back so that she could look me in the eye and she said, "You make me feel very special, Daddy. Very grown up." And then she kissed me on the lips and, for the first time, I felt the tip of her tongue on my lips. I instinctively parted my lips and I felt her tongue enter my mouth in an expression of her passion for me.
My inner voice screamed that I needed to be a good father to Miss Macy but my animal instincts told me to accept the love Miss Macy wanted to offer. My resolution had been tested so much that it had been weakened and I simply no longer had the strength to reject my animal instincts. I returned her kiss with ardor and desire. I allowed myself to feel my desire for her and it was overwhelming.
We ended the kiss before it became so prolonged that it drew attention from other passengers. At that point, I think we both wanted the same thing. What we wanted was something that would happen only in the privacy of our stateroom and not on the dance floor. The look on Miss Macy's face told me that she wanted to return to our room and I felt the same.
We forgot about the remains of our unfinished drinks. Miss Macy placed her hands around my upper arm and I escorted her out as a gentleman would escort a lady.
When we returned to our room, I suggested that I wanted to take a shower before we got in bed.
"I've got a better idea, Daddy. Obviously, you're not really dirty so you just want to rinse off, right? And I'd like to do the same thing. So, since you got us this deluxe stateroom with all the bells and whistles, why don't we use the hot tub on the balcony. If we don't turn any lights on, it'll be private."
I readily agreed with her suggestion and I stripped down to my boxers. "I don't need to put on a swim suit," I said. "I'll just leave my boxers on."
"Sounds good to me," Miss Macy responded. "I'll follow suit, or I guess, actually, I'll follow no suit."
Within a minute, she had stripped down to just her panties and that was, in fact, just a thong. I got out of my clothes and left on just the boxers and it was quite obvious that I had a boner as hard as steel.
Miss Macy looked at me and then my boner and she chuckled as she suggested that maybe we could do something about my problem. "We'll see," I replied.
Miss Macy got in the hot tub and I was right behind her. She reached down and I could tell that she was removing her thong. "Now that I'm in the water, I don't need this anymore, do I, Daddy?"
I just shook my head in agreement. She looked at me as if she was waiting for me to remove my boxers. Apparently, she was not going to be patient on that matter as I felt her hands sliding under the elastic of my boxers just enough to start pulling them down and I instinctively raised up just enough for her to get them down and then she threw them on the deck. They landed on top of her thong.
Miss Macy turned around and sat between my legs so that her back was against my chest. "Daddy, you're so hard," she exclaimed. "Does it hurt for it to be that hard?"
"Only if it stays this way for a long time," I explained.
"Well . . . what can we do to make it go away?" she teased me. She placed her hands on top of mine, pulled them up, and placed them over her boobs. "Now you can make my nipples get hard, Daddy."
When she said that, I got her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers and started gently rubbing them in circles. It took very little stimulation for those cute little nipples to become as hard as pebbles. In the background, the sounds of the sea provided a beautiful serenade.
"Umm, Daddy, that feels good, but . . . there's another place that would probably feel even better." As soon as she said that, she grabbed my right hand and guided it down between her legs. I'm sure it only took one or two seconds but it felt like an hour as I realized that I was about to have my hand on Miss Macy's pussy.
The first thing I realized was that there was no pubic hair. I wasn't shocked because most women either trim or completely shave their pubic hair. I also realized that Miss Macy had one of those pussies that was all internal, just a simple slit, not one of those pussies with protruding lips called a full bloom.
Initially, I just let my hand rest on her pussy as I continued playing with her left nipple. Then I applied a very gentle pressure with my middle finger in the area where her clit was hiding. As soon as her outer lips parted, I felt her wetness and her clit was very obvious. She was already very aroused.
I whispered in her ear, "You've been wanting this for a while, haven't you?"
"Uh huh," was her simple admission.
"What else have you been wanting, my love?"
"I want you to make me a woman, Daddy. I want you to make love with me and I want to please you with my body!"
"You are going to get everything you want tonight but we don't need to be in a rush. Just lay back and relax and I'll show you all the ways you can please me," I instructed her. I felt her let go of the tension in her body and just slump back against my chest.
"Good girl," I said. "First, I'm going to make you cum with my fingers, just like when you play with yourself, but I'm in charge now and I'm doing everything. I won't stop until you cum, so just relax and let it happen.
I had started rubbing the tip of my middle finger in circles around her clit. She moaned softly and I felt her body starting to rock in the rhythm of sex. "Would you rather have my finger inside of you?" I asked.
"Oh yes," she answered with excited anticipation.
"Lift up and sit on top of my legs instead of between them," I instructed.
When she raised her body, I moved my knees closer together and she sat down on my lap. I immediately slid my middle finger into her tight little pussy and felt for the spongy mass that I thought would get a response from her. I started stroking her G-spot and her rocking resumed at an even faster tempo.
"Daddy, . . . I feel your dick . . . against my behind . . . you know, my . . . my butt hole," she uttered in between moans.
"Does that bother you?" I asked.
"No . . . no . . . it's just different. It feels good. Is it supposed to feel like that?"
"Uh huh," I responded affirmatively.
I'm not sure why I didn't start cumming right then, but I'm glad I didn't. I just kept doing what I had been doing.
"I'm so close, Daddy," she pleaded. "Make me cum!"
"Baby, when I get inside you tonight, I'm not gonna stop 'til I fill you up!" I whispered in her ear. That was all it took.
I felt her pussy go into spasms, squeezing my finger, and her body went stiff. "Oh, Daddy!" she moaned.
I continued playing with her nipple and then I withdrew my finger from her pussy so she could begin to come down from her very first orgasm with a partner. I cupped both of her boobs and pulled her body back against mine.
"Daddy! It never feels like that when I do it!" she exclaimed.
"And the rest of the things we do tonight are gonna be things you can't do to yourself at all," I advised. "Honey, you've told me that you were still a virgin and, if that's just a story you told me because you didn't want to disappoint me, that's okay. You can tell me the truth and it'll be okay," I said.
"No, Daddy, really, I'm still a virgin. Maybe not for much longer but I'm a virgin right now."
"Haven't you had any sexual experiences with any of the boys you dated?" I asked.
"Well, Bannen felt my boobs some, and I gave Mason a hand job once. He put his hands between my legs once but he didn't know what he was doing and nothing happened. And that's about it, so . . . I'm sorry, but if you try to teach me stuff, Daddy, I promise I'll try real hard. I don't wanna disappoint you."
"No, no, no, honey. I'm not complaining. I'll teach you whatever you want to know. I just don't want to rush into things that are so . . . you know, unfamiliar . . . I don't wanna scare you or make you feel overwhelmed."
"Well, Mandy and Kim and Monica have all had sex with their boyfriends and they've talked to me about the things they did, so at least I've heard about some of those things, like oral sex and blow jobs and being eaten out and even anal. Monica told me she had anal sex and she said she even had an orgasm from it."
Hearing talk about such things coming from my little Macy was strangely discongruent with all of my experiences of her as a relatively innocent child. On the other hand, at the moment, she was naked, I was playing with her nipples, I had already fingered her to an orgasm, and I would soon be depriving her of her virginity.
"Daddy, are you gonna show me about oral sex?" she asked.
"Well, tonight, I'm not going to show you anything about giving oral sex to a guy, because I don't want you worrying about whether you're doing something wrong. I want you to just lay back, relax, and enjoy what happens. We'll start working on teaching you some things tomorrow."
"Let's get out, get ourselves dried off, and get in bed," I suggested.
"Is that all we're gonna do tonight, Daddy?" she asked with a sound of disappointment in her voice.
"No, dear. If you still want me, then I'll make love with you and you can go to sleep as a woman and not as a girl."
Miss Macy got off of my lap, turned around and then sat down so that she was again in my lap but facing me. Every time I saw her naked little boobs, I got aroused. It was like magic.
She put her arms around my neck and said, "I want you to make love to me, Daddy. It's not just because I want to lose my virginity. It's because I love you," she said. "You are my whole world and I can't imagine what life would be like without you. I wanna make you so happy!"
She then leaned forward, brought her lips to mine, and gave me a kiss as passionate and hot as any kiss I have ever had in my entire life.
"You are so beautiful, Macy. You are such a good person, such a sweet lady, and I am so proud to have you in my life." I hugged her and I knew it, I felt it; whatever others might say about us, I loved Miss Macy as a man loves a woman and I knew that they were pure and honest feelings.
We got out of the hot tub and grabbed our towels. We went back in the stateroom and closed the sliding glass door. It was just me and Miss Macy. The rest of the world did not exist. I knew that in the next hour, I would be inside of her, making love, and hoping that she would feel secure with me as her lover.
We had ourselves dried very quickly and turned down the sheets. She started to get into bed but I stopped her.
"Honey, sit on the side of the bed for a minute," I requested and, of course, she complied. I knelt on the floor in front of her, facing her, and we were almost eye-to-eye. "Everything that happens between a man and a woman when they make love should be something that they both want. If there is anything that I do, or say, if there is any place that I touch you that to don't want, all you need to do is tell me. Will you do that for me?"
"Yes, Daddy. What are you going to do now?"
"Do you want to learn how it feels to receive oral sex?" I asked.
"And then you'll make love to me, Daddy?" she countered.
"Of course, honey. Now I want you to lay back on the bed, put your feet up on my shoulders, and then close your eyes." She raised her legs and I helped guide her feet to my shoulders, then she reclined and closed her eyes.
I looked down at the beautiful virgin pussy that was just inches from my face. I could feel my dick getting harder than Chinese arithmetic. I turned my face to the left and I kissed her inner right thigh. Her skin was as smooth as a baby's skin, very sweet and tender. I placed a series of kisses on her thigh as my mouth approached her pussy. Then I turned to her left thigh and repeated the performance.
I kissed her belly above her pussy and I kissed to the left of her pussy. I kissed to the right of her pussy and then I kissed lower. I moved my face to the center and I placed very soft kisses on her labia.
"That feels SO good. Make me cum, Daddy!"
I really didn't need any encouragement but hearing those words really set me off. I dove into her pussy and started licking and sucking like a mad man. She got very wet and I tasted the sweetness of her pussy. Every few seconds, I licked down the entire length of her slit and she seemed to really get aroused by that. After doing that a few times, I extended my exploration and let the tip of my tongue touch her cute little pink pucker. The first time I did that, I felt her body tense and then relax. The second time, she didn't tense up. The third time, I heard a little bit of a moan.
"Daddy, I'm so close. Keep licking me!" she pleaded.
I began sucking her clit between my lips and teasing it with my tongue. When I sensed that she was very close, I placed the tip of my finger against her butt hole and pushed just enough that she would feel the pressure without actually pushing inside of her ass.
As soon as she felt my finger, she grabbed at her nipples and started squeezing them. Within seconds, her body began to tense and relax in waves, she was moaning. "Oh, Daddy! My pussy! Oh fuck, oh fuck! Sooo good!"
I decided to see whether she could have multiple orgasms so I continued to lick her clit and play with her asshole. After her bouncing around with waves of muscular contractions, my fingertip had slipped just inside her ass.
"Daddy, I want you now. Fuck me!" she demanded.
I turned her so that she was reclining on the full length of the bed. I was as hard as I have ever been and needed nothing more but to be inside her. I got on top of her in preparation for the missionary position.
"Baby, are you sure?" I asked one last time, hoping that she had not changed her mind.
She wrapped her legs around my naked behind and pulled me towards her. "Daddy, I need you now!"
With that, I moved forward and felt the tip of my dick push between her lips. I was concerned about this hurting her the first time. My hesitation was not to her liking because she again used her legs to pull me forward and I was suddenly totally inside the most beautiful young girl in the world.
"Baby, are you okay?" I asked.
"I feel so full, Daddy. It feels so good!" she responded.
"Your pussy is the tightest thing I've ever felt in my life. I don't think I can last very long before I start cumming," I warned her.
"I'm still close, Daddy. I just want your cum inside me."
I began thrusting slowly and then gradually faster and Miss Macy just got more aroused and held me tightly. I kissed her while I was thrusting and she returned my passion with intensity. I could feel her little nipples rubbing on my chest and every sensation I had was getting me more and more aroused.
I soon felt the gathering of my cum, the filling sensation, the pressure, the deep need for release.
"Baby, I'm gonna cum so hard in you," I gasped. "Mmmmm, ohhhh!" I moaned.
I felt a twitching in her pussy and I knew she was beginning an orgasm. "Daddy, I'm cumming!"
As soon as I heard those words from my little girl, I lost all control. It felt like a garden hose had replaced my dick and I started spurting my hot seed into her virgin pussy.
"Oh fuck! Baby!" I screamed in delightful agony. I kept thrusting and my cum kept pumping into her. Her torso was tense and her breathing was rapid and shallow as she experienced her first orgasm from vaginal sex.
As I began to come down from the intensity of the experience, she did, too. I stayed inside of her until I became flaccid and then I pulled out and reclined beside her. She turned to face me, draped her left knee over and between my legs, put her hand on my chest, and placed her head on my shoulder. This had been Miss Mona's favorite position for going to sleep and I felt eerily comfortable with Miss Macy being in this very same position.
"My dear," I began, "I've known for awhile that you wanted to have a physical relationship with me and I didn't think it was a very good idea. I don't want to hurt you, I don't want to use you, and I need for you to always be in my life. If you just want me to be a sex teacher, I guess I can do that, but I'm hoping that you want much more, because I want you tonight and next week and next year and forever."
"Daddy, you're so silly!" she teased me. "I love you like a daughter loves a daddy but I also love you like a girl loves a guy. I love you like I don't want anybody else and . . .," she paused to move up a little higher in the bed. She raised up enough so that she could put her mouth by my ear, and then she whispered "when the time is right, I wanna have babies with you. We aren't related by blood or marriage so there is no reason why we can't be together the rest of our lives . . . if that's what you want."
"Oh, yes, baby," I quietly replied. "I probably need to stop calling you 'Baby' because you obviously aren't a baby and it's just a bit weird to make love with someone who calls me 'Daddy,' but going to sleep with you for the rest of my life sounds like a great plan to me."
"We'll have a great life . . . Jack Landis," she assured me.
"And I'm a Southern boy, so you'll always be Miss Macy to me, but eventually you'll also be Mrs. Landis. We'll need to wait awhile before we let anyone know but what happens in our home is just between us. We'll keep a separate bedroom for you and your clothes can stay in there . . . just in case Grandma comes to visit. You're an adult now and there's nothing that anyone can do but there's no reason to get Grandma upset if we can avoid it. But, from now on, we have just one bed and I want you in it every night."
I then turned and whispered in her ear, "So, Mrs. Landis, how many babies do you want?"