Tress is in the middle of undressing herself after a long day to prepare for the night when she gets the call. Barefoot, she stumbles out of her nice leopard-patterned bathrobe to let her skin breathe for a bit after the hot outdoor shower she took after using the hot tub earlier when she was outside on her large personal outdoor rooftop. She quickly crosses the room of her luxurious penthouse residence to take the call.
"Hello?"
"Hi Tress!" answers the voice on the other end, and Tress recognizes it as the voice of her female agent. She sounds like she's speaking through a smile. "Guess who has good news for you? You won't believe your ears."
"What is it?" Tress asks with a giggle, catching her agent's good mood. She absentmindedly comes back to her bed and starts taking off her bra after taking off her panties as she speaks.
"I've got a role for you, and a big one!" her agent proudly announces. "Not only is it a good deal for us, but you can also become a star -- and makes lots of money! The company's very good at marketing and their films are really popular, and they offer you the main role in one of their movies! You will have to act in an erotic scene. They will film you being completely naked. People love that kind of stuff! The crew is all female, the cast for this scene is too, the female director is nice -- in short, it's a perfect deal. So, what do you say?"
Tress yelps as her bra accidentally slips from her hold and falls onto the floor. She lets herself take a moment before responding to bend down and pick it up, feeling her plush butt exposing itself and her DDD boobies swinging from side to side a bit in the process. Playing a role of a naked slut, huh?
"Sounds like a really good deal, yeah," she responds as she sits down onto the bed with the bra in hand. "Sign me in. Our goal is to become popular enough to really get into the big industry, remember? If a role gets me more fame, that's always a yes."
"Great! They want you tomorrow, your schedule can afford that, I already checked," her female agent chirps, as if she's been expecting from the start that Tress will agree.
"Have a good night of sleep, you'll need it. I'll e-mail you the address and the details tonight, you can read through the script in the morning. Good night!"
"Night," Tress says and ends the call. She falls on her back onto the bed, feeling her naked skin sliding on the silk sheets pleasantly, and sighs almost dreamingly. One day she'll become a great actress with dozens of roles in serious films, her career will flourish. She just has to try her best for now, get popular! She closes her eyes and relaxes into the mattress, hoping that tomorrow will be a good day.
Tress arrives early in the morning. She is greeted by a cheerful female staff member who leads her to the film set.
The first thing Tress sees is a big crowd of women, some of them setting up the stage, some preparing themselves, dressing up and doing their make-up. A busty woman in a suit and short classy skirt comes up to her and extends a hand for her to shake.
"You must be our new actress," the woman smiles. "I'm the film's female director. I'm sure you will love it here! Let me introduce you to our crew."
Tress nods with confidence and tries not to pay attention to how her cheeks are already starting to feel hot. The female director turns towards the busy crowd and, to Tress's surprise, announces really loudly:
"Attention everyone! Our hot woman for the scene is here!"
The women stop doing whatever they were doing to look at Tress. All of them take in the view of Tress's body, making her feel shy all of a sudden. They erupt in laughter and cheering, and Tress's insides explode with embarrassment. On the outside, though, she puffs her chest up and goes for a confident smirk, earning more cheering and applause from the all-female crew and cast.
"You can go to your dressing room," the female director says then, "We'll start filming in less than an hour, and I hope you'll have enough time to prepare. The clothes are already there." She look Tress over from head to toes once again, taking a few extra moments to observe the massive size of her boobies, and winks playfully. "We're all very glad you're on our team now."
"My pleasure," Tress says as professionally as possible, resisting the urge to hide her face in her hands from the embarrassment.
The female staff member from before leads her to her room and wishes her best luck before disappearing to join the rest of the crowd in the preparations for the scene.
Tress closes the door behind herself and sighs.
She can't get the women's admiration out of her head now. It makes her entire body tingle with both embarrassment and pleasure.
She takes in her new room. Her own dressing room! That already makes her feel like a star. She looks into the mirror on the wall and suddenly thinks that she can understand why everyone likes her body so much. She is young, with beautiful face and flawless skin, her body looks perfect from every angle. She knows she's the ideal candidate for this role, and so many more to come. She already has the looks -- only fame and recognition are left to achieve, and she will certainly become a serious actress one day! She's working so hard for it, how can she not? With her confidence boosted, she looks around for the outfit she's supposed to wear and spots it laying on a nearby chair in a neat pile.
She starts undressing, first taking off her jacket, shoes, socks, top, belt, then her tight jeans. She hesitates for a moment before taking off her panties and bra, but she remembers the script -- she has to be completely naked underneath the outfit. She quickly puts on and buttons up the blue t-shirt, pulls up the blue leggings with black stripes on the sides and puts the cop hat on top of her long naturally blond hair. She doesn't have any socks or shoes on her bare feet and she's and completely naked underneath the clothes. It would've been uncomfortable to walk barefoot, but the floors in the building are warm and clean. She looks into the mirror again, purses her plush red lips together, then flashes another confident smile at herself. She's going to shine today.
She leaves her room and she's pleased to find out that everything is set and ready. She would lie to herself if she said that she didn't feel nervous, but there is also excitement and the desire to perform as well as she can. She strides firmly towards the stage.
When the crew and the cast see her, they all cheer, clap and laugh again, complimenting how well she looks in the outfit and how it makes her enormously huge tits stand out. Tress blushes, but laughs with them, trying to appear as confident as she can.
"Alright everyone, everything's ready! Our star is here," the female director announces, sending a quick smile towards Tress. "Let's start!"
Tress goes to stand in her position, behind a door, adjusting her hat and the tight shirt holding her huge boobs and steadying her breath.
This is going to be big. There's a "ready, set, action!", and then loud noises of music, women laughing, dancing and having fun start coming from the door. Tress waits around a minute, imagining the cast members in tight short skirts, with glasses of alcohol in their hands, big tits bouncing as they dance, and feels like she really wants to join them right now. From what she's seen, they're all very pretty, attractive women, going to a party with them would've been very nice. Maybe she could invite them to a club to have some fun after this is all over...
She takes a moment to get into the mindset of her character. She has to be an strict policewoman on her way to put an end to the noise. Going by the script, Tress braces herself, grimaces in anger and knocks on the door loudly.
The door opens, and she steps in, her huge knockers bouncing as she goes. She's met with the girls, who all pause the fun to stare at her. She gives them all a good look, frowning. Their skirts are indeed very short and tight, their boobies are big and oh so attractive, some of them are on the floor, lying in almost suggestive poses, all have drinks in their hands. Tress puts her hands onto her juicy hips and start scolding them.
"Your neighbors have fled a complaint for disturbing the peace," she says sternly.
More girls come up closer to the door. Suddenly, Tress hears everyone around her giggling and sees that the women are all smirking at her. Before she can react, the door shuts loudly behind her, and she jumps, her large boobies bouncing again, and freezes with utter surprise written across her face. Perfect acting, she thinks proudly in the back of her mind.
The girls start full-on laughing as she looks around in confusion.
"Let's strip her naked!" one girl yells, and everyone in the room pounce on her, grabbing her by her legs and her arms and tugging in opposite directions, so that her thighs are spread widely, exposing the outlines of her pussy through the tight pants, for the camera to see. She hears women laughing right into her ears loudly as they hold her firmly in place. She feels that someone is standing right behind her, breathing happily onto the back of her neck. Suddenly, a pair of feminine, but strong and demanding arms grasp her torso, hands sliding upwards to grab her unbelievably enormous boobies. They take the edges of the shirt and tug them down, exposing her massive tits for the world to see. Then she hears the shirt being ripped apart, leaving her upper body completely naked. The women cheer at the sight. Tress can't stop looking around, eyes wide, full lips opened in utter surprise.
Then she hears more fabric tearing, and feels how she's being stripped out of her tight leggings in the most embarrassing way, them being ripped piece by piece, first the parts that cover her legs, one by one. Then, someone's hand slips right between her widely spread legs from behind, brushing against her pussy, and the only coverage of her most private part is gone as it is ripped away from her body.
She's almost suffocating in the crowd of laughing girls. They finally put her on the floor.
The door opens with a creak, and, to Tress's horror, even more girls materialize behind it. Even more women's eyes to stare at her utterly, completely naked hot body.
Someone shoves her outside. Her whole body bounces, legs unintentionally spread themselves as she lands from the shove, revealing her clit and pussy to the prying eyes of the all-female crowd, and she looks around in shock. Everybody is laughing, clapping and cheering, clearly enjoying the sight, despite Tress's complete embarrassment.
She starts urgently running through the crowd, panting quickly. Her massive boobs bounce in the air, swinging from side to side, and she completely forgets to cover her utter nakedness because of the panic. Women point at her hot figure, her incredibly massive tits and tight pussy between her huge thighs. They keep laughing as she runs further and further down the setup of the street.
"Why does this always happen to me?" she cries out as she hears clicks of phone cameras from behind. They are filming her from everywhere, every piece of her stark naked skin is being observed by the eyes and the phones. Not only that, but the filming cameras, too. She feels like she's burning inside from the heat of embarrassment as her huge boobs jump from side to side for everyone in the world to see.
Finally, Tress stops at the end of the street and turns around to see how far she escaped from the crowd of women. Bright light flashes ahead of her all over the ground, and there's a sudden click. Startled, she jumps and looks behind her, massive boobies swinging in the air. There's another crowd of all-female journalists with big professional cameras and microphones, dozens of them, pointed right in Tress's way.
Her whole body language stutters at the sight.
"Why are you running around totally naked?" a female journalist asks her with a big, joyous smile on her lips, clearly enjoying Tress's completely exposed body.
Someone takes another picture, the flash of light blinding Tress for a few seconds.
When she blinks away the temporary blindness, there are already policewomen emerging from all sides of the thick crowd, with their hands stretched out readily to capture her. Tress gapes in surprise again and looks around anxiously. Her arms are spread, giving everyone a really good sight of her massive breasts.
"Okay lady, that's enough!" a policewoman shouts, and before Tress knows it, the women grab her by the legs and arms, immobilizing her, spreading her even wider apart to show the whole world her utterly naked body, large ass, enormous boobies and shameless pussy.
"You're going to be on the news for disrupting the peace!" a woman holding her says into her ear, audible enough for the microphones around them to catch. With embarrassment, she remembers that a photo of this will be used to put into a magazine further during the production for a later scene. She looks straight into the camera with an expression full of embarrassment and shock for the final shot.
"Cut!" the female director shouts, and Tress is put down onto the floor gently.
The extras, the crew and the rest of the cast cheer loudly, many start applauding. Some of them come up to her and pat her on the shoulders, praising her perfect acting and hot body. The women that were holding her say that her skin under their hands felt amazing. Tress, despite feeling shy with so many compliments thrown her way, tries to act confident and laughs with them.
She thinks about how embarrassing it will be when the movie gets out. All of the world will see how much of a slut she is, millions of people will get to watch her utterly naked massive boobies, juicy butt, and her tight slutty pussy. Her hot female friends and her somewhat-boyfriend will probably watch it too... They all will see her complete nakedness, just as the cast and the crew does now. The whole world will laugh at her and call her a lewd slut for showing off her naked body so shamelessly on camera.
Shivers run down Tress's spine, not unpleasant, but indicating how incredibly ashamed she truly feels.
She decides to go back to her dressing room to catch a breather. No one has a robe for her, apparently, so she has to walk naked, with people continuing to stare at her.
"You play a slut so well!" a female crew member exclaims, making Tress feel warm inside.
"We love your hot body!" another girl screams, clapping her hands. "Your tits are so huge! Great job acting out your role of a slut!"
Tress laughs at the compliments again as the women continue to cheer. Finally, she reaches her dressing room, enters it maybe a bit too quickly and closes the door, locking it too. She leans against it for a moment and takes a few deep breaths, then sighing a few times in relief. She doesn't know how long she would've been able to keep calm and not show how embarrassed she truly was back there, under countless eyes of women.
She turns her head towards the room and yelps in surprise. There's a big muscular man, completely naked and barefoot just as she is, standing in her room. He yelps at seeing her too as his eyes go wide. He quickly catches himself and looks away in shame as he tries to cover himself. Tress does the same, not knowing what to think of this sudden development.
"Sorry, I thought this was my dressing room, they gave it to me too," the man explains shyly.
"Oh, um," Tress stutters, eyes glued to the floor, "It's okay. Are you an actor too?"
"Yes, I work here. Sorry, uh, this is kind of awkward," the man says, and Tress takes a careful glance at him. His face is very handsome and his body looks very attractive, with strong, glistering muscles. He's clearly shy, and Tress finds that endearing. She's already starting to trust him and inadvertently stops covering her utter nakedness so much, despite feeling embarrassed to the core.
"What's your name?" she asks.
"Oh, I'm Bulge," he answers, and he's not looking away anymore, letting himself observe Tress's naked body. "What's yours?"
"I'm Tress." She starts observing his body in turn as they chat. He's not covering himself that much anymore, too. "We just finished filming this, um, new scene. I'm trying to make it in Hollywood."
"Same here," he smiles kindly, and suddenly Tress finds him very charming. "So we're in the same boat, aren't we?"
For a moment, they stand there, looking at each other, not covering themselves at all anymore. Then Tress lets her eyes wander a little bit lower, and she notices with surprise that he has a huge boner. The hugest erection Tress has seen in her life. Her eyes go round.
Bulge sees her reaction and shots a glance at his dick. He instantly gets really flustered. The temperature in the room gets high very quickly.
All of a sudden, the mirror in the dressing room gets lowered, revealing the whole crew and cast that are in the middle of preparing for the next scene. They all pause the work and gather up into a big crowd, starting to point with their fingers at Bulge and Tress and laughing at them loudly.
Both Tress and Bulge freeze at being revealed, their naked and barefoot bodies exposed to the crowd. Tress realizes in horror that the mirror must have been a reverse one, and they all could see them all along. The female director stands nearby, apparently being the one who lowered it in the first place, and gives them both a long analytical look, smiling in clear amusement.
"How about we add a scene for the end credits, to show how our actors and actresses have fun on the set?" she asks everyone, smiling wider. She points right at Tress's massive boobs and then at Bulge's enormous boner, addressing them: "You two will have some unprotected sex. The whole world will watch and I'm sure everyone will love it! That will certainly make popularity of both of you skyrocket!"
Tress and Bulge still feel and look embarrassed, but they nod in agreement. If it'll bring them fame, they don't mind, and they already are attracted to each other, if Bulge's extremely huge boner says anything. The female director claps and the female crowd cheers.
"Excellent!" the female director says. "You're already naked and aroused, so we don't have to spend too much time on preparation. Let's start right away!"
A few cameras move in their direction, already starting to film. Tress looks at Bulge and nods again. He stops covering his enormous dick and it springs up readily, drops of precum falling onto the floor. His boner's girth is both exciting and intimidating.
Bulge comes up to her, and his posture tells Tress that he's already in the right mindset for filming. All of his previous shyness is suddenly gone, on the outside, at least. Tress collects herself as well, getting into the right mindset for having sex.
They stride towards each other and meet in the middle. His huge dick pokes her in her taut stomach. He instantly grabs her extremely large breasts, as if he has wanted to do so for a while now, and starts groping them with passion. She whines in pleasure and reaches for a kiss. Her nice plush lips cover his. He holds her by her massive boobs, giving them a nice massage, and deepens the kiss, going for a deep French one, invading her mouth with his tongue. Her hands lift up to hold him by his strong masculine jawline as she moans into his lips.
They kiss for a while passionately until Bulge decides it's enough and lowers his head to lick her little nipples instead, still groping her enormous boobies. She throws her head back in pleasure as he starts sucking on the small nipples, licking them from time to time with his wet tongue. One of his hands wanders behind her and smacks her plush butt, and she jumps a bit, not expecting that. Her massive breasts bounce in his firm grasp, groping the plump cheeks.
Once Bulge's erection gets unbearable for him, he lets go of Tress's enormous boobs and spreads his legs apart a bit, pushing his hips forward to make his huge boner more available for a blowjob. Tress accepts the invitation and sits down on her knees. She admires his incredibly big dick for a few moments before taking the head in her mouth.
She sucks on it hard, earning a grunt of pleasure from him, then takes the entirety of his huge cock inside of her mouth and throat. He starts fucking her in the mouth, the head of his dick hitting the back of her throat, and she keeps sucking the entirety of his large penis all throughout.
Then, with a suckling sound, his huge cock leaves her mouth, and she replaces the friction with her fist, getting a grip on his long shaft and jerking him off with energy. She gives his balls an affectionate snuggle, lets out a moan on them and starts licking them and sucking on them as her hand continues to masturbate his oversized erection.
This continues for a while, and in a bit of time, Bulge stops her and bends down to grab her large tits again. He squeezes them a few times, enjoying how massive they feel in his hands. Then he sticks his huge dick right between them, starting to titifuck her. She moans at the feeling, grabbing and squeezing her big boobs herself to make the space between them tighter for him to fuck. She looks down to watch her massive breasts being fucked by his huge erection and sticks her tongue out to lick it every time he thrusts forward. She then turns around to give him a buttcheek tittiefuck with the plush cheeks of her round butt.
"I'm close," he moans, his thrusts getting more sporadic. She hums in acknowledgement, tugs him onto the floor, puts her hands on his strong masculine chest and pushes him back so that he lays on his elbows. She positions herself above him, right above his incredibly large boner, and teases the hard tip of his dick with her tight, wet pussy. She sits down just enough for his head to slip inside her, then stands up just enough for it to slip out, and she does so a few times, enjoying the sight of him being on the verge. He impatiently slaps her thick thighs with his palms, grunting with hot, unbearable desire to fuck her tight pussy, and finally, she gives in and sits down fully, in one quick, forceful motion, making them both moan loudly as their hips slap against each other loudly and lewdly. The women watching them cheer in approval.
She starts riding him passionately. Her body moves up and down, up and down as he thrusts in the same pace. He fucks her tight pussy with his oversized dick. It feels like the whole film set gets filled with naughty sounds of skin-slapping, squelching of a wet pussy and a big leaking dick, and moans and giggling from the all-female crowd. Bulge gets optimal view of Tress's extremely massive breasts which are bouncing in the air every time she drops onto his oversized dick, and he's grunting and moaning, his huge dick inside of her tight hot pussy getting even harder from the sight with each second.
Their pace gets faster and faster, their moans become breathless, her unbelievably large tits bounce quicker and quicker, her incredibly tight pussy squeezes his enormous cock, almost milking it, and with a groan of pleasure, he comes right inside of her, never stopping thrusting into her rapidly. She feels his cum filling her up and, with a loud feminine moan, she comes too, simultaneously with him, convulsing around his monster of a cock. His oversized dick keeps fucking her pussy, and his cum shoots rope after rope out of it right onto her massively huge breasts until he is fully milked.
They both pant. She lays down onto his chest, letting him feel her huge tits on his skin, and smiles into the camera that is filming her.
"Cut!" a female voice shouts, and the whole crowd of now clearly aroused women cheer and clap, sending countless compliments in their way.
Tress smiles a tired, amused smile, and thinks that any amount of embarrassment she went through today was totally worth it.
Tress is back at her penthouse, counting a stack of dollar bills; she put the money from the movie in the bank but took some out to have a celebration. The movie has been a huge success, with people all around the world giving it the highest rates. It even won a few awards. Tress has made a lot of money, and has earned a lot of fame, too, just as planned. She has spent her whole morning reading through the comments people left after watching the movie. There wasn't a single negative one. Thousands of people praised her and called her acting really good and professional, which made her heart flatter with pride. There were other comments, saying that she wasn't that good of an actress, but was a really good slut. They complimented her hot body and her enormously massive breasts, many people saying that they've never seen such big boobs before in their lives. It was utterly embarrassing for Tress, but alongside the embarrassment, she enjoyed receiving such compliments. Being called a shameless slut with oversized tits made her feel surprisingly good.
The phone rings, and Tress puts down the dollar bills. She goes to pick it up.
"Hello, Tress!" her female agent starts cheerfully on the other end of the line. "The movie was a huge success! Have you seen our rates? Now a ton of respected companies want you to play a role in their films!"
"That's great to hear!" Tress responds with a smile forming on her face. Finally, she's getting the recognition she needs to become a serious professional actress! "What kind of roles do I have to choose from? Romantic comedies? Action movies? Drama films? Adventures?"
Her agent laughs light-heartedly.
"Oh, honey," she says. "All of them are naked sex scenes..."
Tress's eyebrows shoot up as her cheeks burn red. She laughs nervously, feeling embarrassed to the core. It looks like she has to try way harder to get a serious role...
Good thing now she has a whole bunch of interesting roles to try out.