Susan Teases Edward & Others on a Nude Beach
NOTICE: Copyright © 2016 -- This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This continues the journey of a man and a woman in their fifties trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous stories, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean proved life-changing - and marriage saving.
This is a story about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. In Chapter 4 a couple discovers the joys of teasing and playing to a crowd. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
***********************
There were even more people that laid towels around them. Mostly couples, but also some single guys. Edward noticed two guys in particular had set up their towels close to and in front of theirs.
Susan walked over to the beach bag and bent down from the waist to rummage through the bag to get a cloth to clean her sunglasses. This nonchalant move resulted in a treat for those around her, giving everybody a view of not only her breasts hanging freely beneath her, but of her ass and pussy.
They laid down on the blanket side by side. Edward noticed the guy closest to them, maybe only eight feet away, was laying on his stomach reading a book. But it was clear that this guy was using the book as a prop. He was really simply staring outright right at Susan's pussy. Edward smiled silently more than happy to share his the vision of his wife with this stranger.
"It feels good to lay back and relax, doesn't it?" Edward leaned in close to Susan. "By the way, you have an admirer. The guy in front of us is pretending to read a book, but he is clearly staring at your pussy. And I know he's got a great view!"
Edward didn't know how his wife would react. Just ten minutes earlier she gave a "performance" to a few guys that were about thirty feet away. Now, this guy is just eight feet from his naked wife.
Susan glanced at her admirer. He was stunningly handsome; tall, muscular, dark with a hint of five o'clock shadow. His face looked like a GQ model. But for his face, his body was lacking any hair. He appeared to be in his early thirties. And yes, he was staring right at her.
Susan just smiled at him. She closed her bag and laid down with her pussy facing her admirer. Surprisingly, Susan didn't even bother to keep her legs together. In fact, it appeared she wanted him to admire her pussy. Instead of moving, turning over, or closing her legs, she parted them slightly!
After about ten minutes Edward looked up and noticed the man still focused on his wife. "He's still staring!" whispered Edward.
Susan felt a swelling of warmth envelope her body. Yes, the warm sun felt great. But she was really enjoying being nude AND having men admire, or in this case, blatantly staring at her body. For a 50-something, it was sexy, erotic, and a confidence builder. Just then, a gentle breeze highlighted the wetness dripping from her pussy. "Oh my God, I am loving this," she thought.
Then Edward noticed a movement just beyond. It was another guy enjoying the view. Except this guy was stroking his cock as he blatantly wanking while staring at Susan!
Even Edward was taken aback by this brazen display on a crowded beach. For Edward, it was both hot and creepy. Hot because he enjoyed showing off Susan's body; but creepy because, well, this is a portly older guy wanking off to his wife on crowded public beach. He wanted guys to enjoy her beauty and sexiness, but this guy may be crossing the line. Edward wondered how Susan would react.
Edward noticed other guys passing and turning their heads as they passed to get a glimpse of Susan's pussy. He stood up pretending to look up the beach. Then looking back down at Susan, he could see what others were seeing; a beautiful woman and an incredible view of her pussy, lips open with that nice bright pink center. Susan's skin glowed and her arousal obvious as her juices glistened under the late afternoon Greek sun. He could not be more proud admire and to be with this hot woman and thought to himself, "I am the luckiest man in the world!"
Edward leaned in and whispered into her ear. "You are turning me on so much right now. I am loving how confident and sexy you are on this beach. And you should be happy to know that you are making more than one dick twitch right now. When I stood up your pussy lips are parted and I could see your juices glistening in the sunshine and running down your crack. And.....you have a couple guys staring at your hot moist pussy right in front of you. And one of them is masturbating!"
Susan instinctively pulled her legs together.
"It's okay," he assured her, fearing this public exhibitionist experience on the beach might suddenly freak her out. "The thought of what those men are seeing is an unbelievable turn-on," Edward whispered quietly.
Susan was amazed her very own husband did not mind the attention she was getting from other men. Her mind recalled showering and being fondled in front of men just about an hour earlier, she could not help but remain excited after having done such an illicit, forbidden act in public. And then there was her husband's obvious excitement of wanting to watch his very own wife tease other men. Somehow during those thoughts, Susan had subconsciously parted her legs once again to allow her voyeurs an even more unobstructed view of her pussy.
Closing her eyes, she realized a warmth was building in her pussy fueled by the attention she was getting from the men around her. And it was causing an aching desire to course through her body in a wave of sexual excitement she had never felt before. A powerful wave of arousal washed over her at the thought of exhibiting herself. She could feel the wetness leaking out of her.
Susan got bolder. She pulled one knee up to make a 90-degree angle and began to slowly move her knee away from her other leg her pussy lips slowly parting open and closed with each movement. To increase her own pleasure, with each closure she squeezed her legs and thighs together. Then she moved her knee apart to expose her pussy again, wider and even more each time. Susan knew the guys were glued to her pussy and a couple times Susan would glance up and make direct eye contact with them. She smiled at them seemingly giving them permission to stare as she continued her leg movements. Susan felt empowered at the attention she received.
The build-up coming to the point of no return, she turned toward Edward. "I want to fuck you right her, right now. I don't care who wants to watch!"
The direct, but sexy tone surprised Edward. He leaned over, reached down and parted Susan's pussy. He pushed one finger into her hot moist hole. As he worked Susan's pussy, Edward glanced up to see the portly guy still stroking himself, only faster. The good looking guy had put down his book and was now watching Edward's fingers work Susan's pussy.
"May not be a good idea to fuck on this beach. But there are a few people watching us right now......watching my finger explore your pussy!"
Edward's words and touch sent electrified currents through her body. She could not believe how turned on she was. It was the sum of all the day's events that had her on the brink of orgasm.
Edward's fingers moved faster, alternating between her deep pink pussy and her erect clit. Susan grabbed Edward's hand tight. Breathing hard she groaned, "I think ................we need........ to stop...............I might...........I might be close to........"
Hoarsely Susan replied. "I don't know if I can wait." And with that, her hands moved down to take the place of Edward's. Edward watched as Susan plunged a finger deep inside her pussy and then picked up the pace quickly bringing herself to the brink of orgasm. Both guys in front of them were watching intently, unabashed about staring. Susan gave a little gasp and shifted her hips.
"Everyone is watching you slide your fingers in and out of your pussy. They are watching your tits jiggle back and forth with every stroke. I do not know who is enjoying this more, them or me!!"
Edward's words caused pulsating waves of pleasure to take over Susan as she let out a high pitch, but somewhat muted squeal while she alternated between softly tweaking her clit and forcefully plunging her finger into her wet hole. As her orgasm finally began to subside and she came to her senses, she opened her eyes. Looking down, she realized how wide her legs were spread. She turned towards Edward, who was wide-eyed and had a big smile on his face.
"That was so hot!" he whispered.
She looked over at Mr. GQ closest to her, who smiled and gave an appreciative nod. A little further away, the portly guy was cleaning himself with a pink towel. Now feeling a little self-conscious, she turned over and tried to act nonchalant, but her heart continued to pound erratically.
It was getting late and many people were starting to pack up and leave the beach. Edward and Susan decided it was time to go. Susan helped Edward fold the blanket and Susan packed up the beach bag. Edward pulled on his board shorts and Susan slipped on her beach cover-up. They looked around to make sure they had everything. While Susan began the short walk up the beach and to the bus stop, Edward looked around at the others around them. It seems they both became the center of attention. Everyone around them seemed to nod or give a thumbs up to Edwards as he walked away.
Curiously, Susan chose not to put her bikini on under her thin, and very sheer cover-up. She knew her body was clearly visible beneath the sheerness of her outfit. Susan's nipples were protruding through and clearly visible through the thin fabric and the combination of sunscreen and sweat caused the cover-up to adhere to her skin. It turned out Susan loved being naked and did not want put any clothes on unless she had to. So this sheer cover-up provided the minimal coverage she "needed" to be able to get on the bus and walk through town back to their hotel without getting arrested.
Edward could not help admiring his woman. Further delighting Edward, the angle of the late afternoon sun presented a wonderful silhouette of Susan's curves as she walked just a few steps ahead of Edward. Edward loved how sexy his wife looked.
They reached the road. They had to walk a little further down the road to reach the bus stop. Still walking slightly ahead of Edward, Susan stopped at one of the cars parked along the road. She dropped the blanket, pulled up her cover-up exposing her pussy, and leaned back on the hood of a parked car.
"I need to fuck.........now! You wouldn't give it to me on the beach, so now, give it to me her. Can you do it one more time?" she asked.
Edward was always ready for a challenge. But doing it here in the relative open with people on the beach in front of them and the potential for others to walk by added to the "challenge".
Susan reached down and pulled Edward's board shorts down. Her fingers gave a few strokes to his cock as she lifted one of her legs and rested a foot on the bumper. Then Susan's other hand was directed to her own pussy. Seeing his wife invitingly spread her legs and play with her own pussy got Edward's cock ready to go almost instantaneously.
Susan kissed Edward with a passion indicative of an urgency to fuck. She grabbed his hips and pulled him inside her. Continuing to kiss, Edward slowly pushed deeper inside her. Susan's pussy was warm and sloppy wet. Edward easily slid his full length inside her with one movement. With Susan's lips nibbling and biting his ear, Edward could hear her soft-throated groan and he began a slow fuck. He was trying to be as quiet as possible and not bring attention to them, but Susan's pussy felt so warm, slick, and tight as it wrapped around his cock. Suddenly nothing else seemed to matter.
Susan's soft moaning grew slightly louder, and she spread her legs even further begging Edward to bury his cock deeper into her pussy. With each stroke her pussy clamped down upon Edward's cock as it plunged in and out of her.
They continued a slow steady pace for some time until Susan reached down with her hand to give some direct attention to her clit, signaling to Edward to pick up the pace. He pulled up her leg to allow deeper penetration. As one knee pressed against his shoulders, his cock pumped faster and plunged deeper into her core, her boobs bouncing up and down in rhythm with each thrust. To Edward's delight, and surprisingly Susan's too, a few couples did walk by and got a front row seat to a man fucking his hot wife on the hood of a car in public.
Susan lost all track of time and even of her surroundings, not caring who walked by or who could see. She was only aware of the cock driving into her and the orgasm building within her body. The unmistakable steady slap-slap-slap of Edward plunging against Susan's pussy announced to anyone nearby that a good fucking was taking place.
Within a minute, Edward could feel Susan's pussy tighten and her breathing escalate as she soon had another orgasm. She moaned as release after release coursed through her body. Seeing his wife bucking with an intense orgasm and her pussy quivering uncontrollably around his hard cock prompted Edward to pump whatever he had left into Susan.
As if on cue, they saw the bus coming as they re-adjusted their clothing before walking the last 20 meters to the bus stop. At the bus stop, several people, mostly couples, were waiting for the return ride to Naxos town. Susan and Edward got in line and boarded the bus. As they found seats the bus quickly pulled away.
"I have to say, you were incredible today, and you were sexier than I could have imagined," Edward whispered to her. "I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did and feel the same!"
Susan smiled. She thought about what happened today on the beach. A sly smile came across her face. After all, what woman did not enjoy men paying attention to her, even if much of it was purely lustful desire?
Looking around at others on the bus, Susan noticed many of the same people she had seen on the beach earlier in the day. It seemed odd that they were all now wearing clothes, while just a few minutes ago they were all naked.
Behind them she noticed one of her admirers from the beach, the Greek guy with the big hard-on who startled her when she was floating on her back in the sea. Now without his sunglasses on Susan noticed this was the same guy she saw staring at her on the bus ride this morning. He was apparently sitting with his wife. When their eyes met, he face lit up and he gave Susan a nod.
Susan smiled back in acknowledgment, as she felt a small thrill run through her at the unspoken compliment. She turned around empowered at the attention she received and leaned her head on Edward's shoulder. "I almost don't recognize these people with clothes on!" she whispered to Edward.
It seems Susan's many admirers on the beach most certainly recognized her!
To be continued...