It was always a turn on for Sam when his wife's teacher friend Kristen flirted with him. But she was married to Sam's friend Brian, happily by all accounts, so Sam convinced himself the flirting was going nowhere.
That's why he was so surprised when Kristen's flirting took a more aggressive turn when the two couples went out for dinner on Saturday night.
Kristen, a former volleyball player, is still athletic and fit at 39 with long legs, a toned upper body, and small but pert breasts. She is about 5-8, tall for a woman, with a tight ass and shapely body that sets her apart from nearly every other woman her age with kids, no less.
But on this particular night, she seemed more determined than usual to prove she still had it. After a couple of glasses of wine she became even more open about her feelings about Sam.
At one point, when Sam's wife Shelly and Kristen's husband Brian were up at the bar, Kristen turned to Sam and said: "Do you have one of those lists of celebrities or other famous people who you'd want to be with if you had a free pass?"
"You mean, like if I got a free fuck who would I choose?" Sam asked.
"Yeah, that," she said.
"Sure, I guess so. Do you?" Sam asked.
"Yes," she said. "You're on my list."
As she said that, she squeezed Sam's leg and looked him in the eyes.
"Well, that's a good list to be on," Sam said. "What are we going to do about that?"
She just smiled and took another sip of wine as her husband and Sam's wife returned to their booth.
Sam was sitting across from his wife and directly next to Kristen, who was across from her husband. The table cloth went down to the tops of their legs, so no one could see anything below table view.
Kristen was clearly in a flirtatious mood that night, as her hands started to explore more and more under the table. Sam didn't do much to stop her, as she first started rubbing his leg, then quickly found her way to his crotch. She could tell with just the slightest touch that he was semi-erect.
When she felt his bulge she gave him a quick smile and knowing nod. Sam's wife and Kristen's husband had no idea what was going on. They were engaged in their own conversation, oblivious to the hand play across the table.
"So, where to next?" Kristen asked after she quickly finished dinner.
"Back to our place?" Sam suggested immediately, hoping he was correctly picking up on where Kristen appeared to be headed. Everyone agreed that made the most sense. They had come in different cars, so Kristen and her husband went together and Sam was with his wife. It was a short drive back to their place.
Just as Sam started the car his phone beeped with a text message.
"What's that?" his wife asked.
He looked down at my phone. It was a message from Kristen. It said, "I am so wet for you right now."
"It's from Brian," he lied. "He says they need to stop to get more wine."
He could feel himself getting hard, imagining Kristen sending that message and wanting him. The trick was figuring out how we were going to get alone at his house to make that happen. He had also lied about the text message, and needed to figure a way out of that. Maybe he could kill two birds with one stone.
"I'm going to call him back and say not to bother," Sam said to my wife. But instead of calling Brian, he called Kristen.
She answered right away.
"Hey Brian, it's Mike," he lied. Kristen played along.
"Yes?" she said.
"Hey, you don't need to get any wine. We have plenty at our place."
"OK," she said.
By the time they were done talking, both of their cars pulled into Sam's driveway. Kristen was wearing a short, tight black mini-dress, that she made sure to let ride up on her a little high as she stepped out of the passenger side door. She knew he was looking at her long, bare legs as she stood up and straightened herself. It appeared as if she were not wearing panties. At least Sam couldn't see any visible lines and he most certainly was looking closely.
"Come on in," he said, opening the door for them. "Let's have a drink."
He had put my plan in motion with the phone call, and now he was hoping to see it through.
"Oh shit," Sam said, after everyone came in and he opened the liquor cabinet. "Turns out we are out of wine. I can run out and get some."
"I'll go with you," Brian said immediately.
"No, no," Sam said. "Didn't Shelly want to show you that painting she's been working on?"
Sam's wife Shelly was a painter and Brian was an art lover. It was the perfect excuse to buy some time and, hopefully, get Kristen alone.
Shelly was eager to show off her work.
"Yes, Brian, I've been meaning to update you on my progress," she said, already moving toward the basement door that led to her art studio.
"OK, get some Merlot," Brian said to Sam as he followed Shelly across the room. Sam picked up his car keys and turned to Kristen.
"Want to help me find what Brian likes?" he asked her.
"Of course," she purred. Sam put his hand on the small of her back to lead her in front of me as they walked out the door toward the driveway. He opened the passenger door and she sat down, her skirt riding up even higher than before.
Sam got in the car and closed the door. As soon as the key turned in the ignition, Kristen turned off the radio. Sam started to back out the driveway.
"Don't say a word," she said.
"OK, but..." he started.
She placed her finger on my mouth and whispered, "Shhhh."
As he drove away from my house, Kristen's hand moved from Sam's mouth down his chest onto his crotch. He was quickly becoming fully erect as she undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his zipper. She quickly grasped his semi-erect cock and let it free. It sprang to attention.
Without saying a word, she leaned over and took Sam's cock into her mouth. Her breath was warm on him as she slowly let it slide in and out. He became fully erect and she skillfully worked his shaft up and down without a word.
Sam had to concentrate on his driving, which was more and more difficult the closer he came to an orgasm. She sucked faster and harder, her hair brushing against his shirt as she worked him closer to climax.
"Jesus, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum," Sam said as he guided the car through surprisingly heavy traffic. She worked him even faster until he finally shot his wad into her waiting, eager mouth. It felt like he was cumming for minutes, but she never broke contact and willingly took it all in. Sam's cock was wet with her saliva and his own cum when Kristen finally came up for air.
She smiled at him and put his cock back inside his pants, zipping them up.
"Don't worry, I'll go in the store to get the wine," she said.
"OK," Sam stammered, not sure how to respond. They pulled into the liquor store. There were a couple cars in the lot, but no one walking around. As Kristen got out of the car and walked in front of Sam, she lifted her skirt to give me a brief glimpse from behind. His suspicions were confirmed. She wasn't wearing panties.
Kristen hopped back in the car with the wine.
"We better get back, Brian will be getting suspicious," she said.
"Yes," Sam said. "Listen, I just want to say..." But she cut him off.
"Don't say anything," Kristen said curtly. "This is just the beginning."
Sam wasn't quite sure what she meant by that, but the drive home went by without any further action. As they pulled into the driveway, Sam checked his pants to make sure there weren't any stains or other signs of the incredible blow job he had just received. It appeared to be OK.
They walked into the house and Shelly and Brian were nowhere to be seen. But they could hear giggling coming from the basement.
"Shhhh," Kristen said, walking quietly. "Let's eavesdrop."
They opened the basement door as quietly as they could. They could hear Brian talking to my wife.
"You are a dirty little whore, aren't you?" he said. Sam was in shock.
"Mmmm," she answered. "Yes, sir. I am your dirty little whore."
Kristen looked at Sam in amazement. Sam just shrugged. It turns out they weren't the only ones being unfaithful. They couldn't see anything from their spot at the top of the stairs, so Sam motioned to Kristen to come with him to the door at the back of the house. There were windows that looked into the basement on the side yard.
They stepped as quietly as they could to the back of the house and out the doors. Luckily, the window shades were open and the lights in Shelly's studio were on.
Shelly was sitting in her chair, her legs spread, with her pants and panties on the ground. Brian was fully clothed standing next to her, fingering her. The window was cracked open and Sam and Kristen could hear them talking.
"I'm going to make you cum, you dirty little cum slut," Brian was saying as he fingered her clit. Shelly threw her head back in pleasure and nodded.
"Tell me how bad you want to cum for me," Brian said to her.
As he talked Kristen leaned over and started licking Sam's ear. He turned to face her and they began kissing deeply, their tongues exploring each others' mouths. She was as turned on by watching her husband with Sam's wife as he was watching Shelly getting fingered by him.
As they kissed, Sam reached under Kristen's skirt and pulled it up around her waist. Hishands ran along her bare skin and quickly moved to her hot slit. She was already dripping wet and his fingers easily slid into her moist and willing cunt.
"Ohhh, god yes," she moaned in his ear. She quickly undid his belt and pants and slid them down. Sam pushed her up against the wall of the house, next to the window where they were watching their unfaithful partners.
"Tell me how badly you want my cock in you," Brian was saying to Sam's wife, as Sam slid his own cock into Brian's wife.
"I want it now," Sam's wife told him as Sam's full 7-inches filled up Kristen, forcing her against the wall. She moaned in pleasure as Sam began fucking her.
He looked in the window as he fucked Kristen. Brian was now on her knees, eating out Sam's wife as she rubbed her nipples.
"Fuck me, fuck me," Kristen whispered in Sam's ear as he rammed her in and out, harder and faster.
Even though he had just cummed minutes ago, Sam couldn't hold on. He shot his cum inside Kristen as her husband was also bringing Sam's wife to orgasm in the basement. Both Kristen and Shelly let out audible moans at the same time, as they were brought to orgasm.
As Sam pulled his cock out of Kristen's tight, cum-filled pussy, he looked down in the basement to see his wife pulling on her panties as Brian straightened himself up.
"Hurry up," he said. "They'll be back with the wine soon."
Kristen straightened her skirt and they quickly came back in the house. Just as they got into the kitchen, Shelly and Brian came up from the basement.
"You get the wine?" Brian asked.
"Yeah, all set," Sam said. "What did you think of her painting?"
Brian smiled and looked at a visibly flushed Shelly.
"She's got real talent," he said.
Sam poured four glasses of wine and they sat around our kitchen table.
"Anyone up for some cards?" he asked.