Sitting in the top floors of the library at 2 AM had become a regular part of my routine. After a long day of classes, and a long night of homework, I usually found myself there to get away from it all, to separate myself from the rest of the campus. At 2 AM, the top floor of the library on my college campus, the floor usually designated for totally silent studying, was barren, allowing me total and complete privacy. I had used this privacy in a couple ways since I discovered this convenient timetable. Most notably, it was bringing my laptop and jerking off to whatever porn I fancied that night.
But not tonight. I was tempted, yes, and horny too. But I could tell that the librarians downstairs were getting suspicious of my midnight rendezvouses up here. I didn't want them to walk up and find me in the middle of something regrettable. And besides, I realized that I hadn't actually taken the time to roam the shelves up here, to find out what kind of obscure topics a college library would hide on their topmost floor.
So, with my laptop and bag discarded for now on the table, I stood and began to browse.
Most of the titles appeared trivial, various old textbooks from decades past and the like. My tired eyes began to blur as I scanned the spines, my brain beginning to take me to other worlds, idle fantasies. I felt my dick getting harder beneath my shorts, felt my hand reach down and begin to slowly stroke through the fabric. I barely realized I was doing it.
Then, in the very corner of the floor, I came across something interesting. A thin tome, clearly very old by the cracks in its deep cerulean leather binding. I grabbed the spine, removed it from the shelf gently, watched a small cloud of dust kick up in its wake. The cover didn't list a title, or an author, only a symbol, an open doorway, surrounded by elaborate, interweaving circles. I looked around. There was nobody nearby I could ask about it. Nobody even on this floor, besides myself. I held it tightly, yet carefully, in my hands, fearing that clutching it too tightly, or letting it fall to the floor, would cause it to crumble to dust. I placed it gently another table, registering that my bag and laptop were still sitting on the table to the side, and with a deep breath, opened the tome to its first page.
There were... symbols. They were written out across the page, like a language, but not like any language I knew, or was even vaguely familiar with. I flipped to the next page, paused for a second in confusion. It was a blueprint, a map of a building. Of this building, the library. There were two of them, one on each page, side by side, identical. I flipped to the next page, to find a new set of seemingly identical blueprints or one of the residence halls. I flipped again, found the cafeteria building. On every page, a set of two blueprints to the same building, each corresponding to a building on campus. Every building was accounted for. On the last page, as there was on the first, was a paragraph of the unfamiliar language.
I pondered for a second. Were these the old architectural plans for campus? No, that couldn't be it... the building on the last page had finished construction this year. They had finished the building before five years ago. From back to front, each building appeared in chronological order of their construction, as far back as I could trace, back to the years of the college's founding, when the first set of buildings were built simultaneously. But despite the recent blueprints, the book still appeared old, almost ancient. So what could it be?
And why were there two of each building?
A matching game. It had to be. There must be differences between each blueprint, a window, a doorway, something to distinguish one from the other. I started at the front of the book, at the oldest buildings, began to scrutinize every detail. I went about this process for about an hour, flipping past buildings in which I could find no discernable differences, until finally, I found the discrepancy. It was in this building. On this floor. A door that shouldn't be there.
I picked up the book, holding the page open as I looked to match my location with that of the mystery doorway. The blueprint said it was tucked in the very corner of the floor, between two different bookshelves that tried to meet at the intersection of the walls. I combed the area eagerly, looking back and forth between the book and the walls, until I finally found it. It was almost as if the door didn't want me to see it - I had to canvas the area two or three times - but once I finally located it, there it was, plain as day. It looked just like any other door in the building, totally ordinary, totally secluded. I took a deep breath, closed the book, brought it down to my side. With my free hand, I reached for the handle, felt the cool metal in my palm as I turned it, slowly, carefully, until the door clicked open. I pushed, stepped into the space, and as I entered the door closed behind me, seemingly of its own free will, and I found myself in a dark, totally empty room that should not have been able to fit in this wall. I paused for a second, let the echoes of my footsteps fade to silence, looking around, listening. At first, there was silence, but as I listened more, there was a sound, very faint, reverberating through the chambers... moaning. Pleasurable moaning. Like a girl was masturbating, close to orgasm.
"Hello?" I called out into the dark. The moaning stopped suddenly.
"Is that a human?!" It was a female voice, young and springy. I listened intently, heard shuffling, then what sounded like high heels clacking on a tile floor, echoing as it got closer, until, out of the darkness from the side of the chamber, emerged a woman, with bronze skin and silver hair done up in an elegant braid that draped around her shoulder and across her chest, outlining her nude form, her large, perky tits, her wet, hungry pussy. I could hear her juices dripping on the floor behind her, mixed with sweat dripping from her heated form that covered her in a soft sheen. She was beautiful to behold.
"Are you a human?" she asked, approaching me eagerly.
I gulped. "Yes."
She squealed, a happy, bubbly squeal. "Oh, thank the gods! You have no idea how long I've been waiting for a human to find me!"
"How long have you waited?"
"Centuries!"
I hesitated, took in a breath. "But... this building was only built a couple decades ago."
She giggled loudly, the laughter bouncing off the invisible walls of this chamber. "I've been moving my domain from place to place, hoping someone would find me. This just happened to be the perfect location!"
I took a moment as she looked around the room to sneak a glance down at her tits, round and perky and perfect on her form, bouncing and jiggling with each subtle turn and sway.
"Like what you see?"
I looked back up, realizing I had been staring, not glancing. "What are you?"
"A genie, of course!"
"A genie?"
"Well, the technical term for our people is djinn, but it's lesser known to humans."
"I thought genie were..."
"Myths? Let me tell you something about myth: every story the ancient Greeks, Romans, Egyptians, Chinese, all of them ever told, is true. The gods are real... or, they were... and genies are just as real as they."
I blinked. "Really?"
"Really!"
I shook myself, my brain finally catching up to my eyes, coming to the full realization that I was actually standing in some magical realm with a magical genie. Not too shabby for a surge of 2 AM boredom.
Then, I remembered all the fairy tales I've ever heard about genies.
"Wait a second..." I sighed, thinking I had hit the jackpot before my common sense kicked in. "There's no way any of this is going to turn out good for me. I mean, genies are sick fucks in every story ever told! They only give three wishes, and they twist the words of the first two so as to make it more fun for themselves, but terrible for the wisher, so they waste the third wish on reverting everything back to normal for some stupid lesson about how you should accept your life as it is! I mean, come on! Why would anyone today fall for this crap?"
I watched as the genie's expression turned from giddy and excited to sad and downtrodden. I sighed again, looking at her. Maybe it was just my erection, but she didn't look nearly as hot when she was distressed than when she was upbeat and peppy.
Then she picked her head up suddenly, as if struck by an idea, and turned to me with a newfound hope in her eyes, and something else, a glimmer she was trying to hide... desperation.
"What if we do away with all those rules?" she asked. "Sure, that's typically how my kind works, but like you said, it's the same old story! And you would be my first Master, and let me tell you, spending the centuries waiting for another would be AGONIZING! So let's change it up a bit!" I watched with piqued curiosity as she got more and more into the idea, formulating the idea in her head as she spoke. "Yes... yes, this could work! Okay, here's what I can offer you."
I shrugged. "I'm listening."
Her pretty smile returned to her. She lifted her hand quickly, aiming towards the opposite side of the room from where I entered, and snapped her fingers. Without so much as a flash of light or a puff of smoke, where there once was just continuing black, there now stood a doorway, identical to the one I had just stepped through.
"Unlimited wishes!" she cried out excitedly. "I won't fuck with the wording in any way. I'll read your mind, be able to see exactly what you desire, and turn that desire into reality! This can last forever, however long you wish. If you want to release me at any time, you can. If you want me to serve you forever, I will. And if even this offer isn't enough, you can walk right back through the door you came in, and forget this ever happened. But if you walk through this door, I promise, I can give you... Paradise."
I put my hand to my chin, acting contemplative, acting like I was thinking things over. In reality, I had already decided to go through with whatever she had planned at "unlimited wishes", but she kept icing the cake. What this was, really, was a highway robbery. When I felt as though enough time had passed, I looked back up at her, examined her expression. The smile was still there, the excitement in her eyes, but there was that same desperation as well, more prevalent now in her gaze. She wanted this. She needed this.
"Okay," I told her. "I'll do it."
She squealed out in excitement again, clapping her hands, jumping up and down. I watched brazenly as her tits seemed almost to float with every leap, nipples puffed out and hard, chuckling to myself. Without a word from either of us, I turned to the door she had manifested, took a deep breath, reached for the handle, and stepped through.
And suddenly, I was back in the library, the top floor, empty, quiet. My laptop and bag still rested on the same table. I turned around to the wall behind me, and the door was gone. I looked down at my now-empty hands, noticing the tome was gone as well. Was I so tired that I had just made the whole experience up? Had I imagined it all? Was this some sort of sleepwalking?
"Welcome to Paradise!"
I cried out, stumbled back slightly, leaning on a bookshelf for support as I gathered my composure once more. When I looked up, there she was, leaning over towards me. Her chest was thrusted out, almost as if she was showing off her rack, and her hands were clasped behind her back. She wore a huge grin across her face.
"Where am I?"
She straightened, looked around. "A nearly exact copy of the world you came from. Except here, nobody can see me except for you and whoever you wish to be able to see me, and my magic can actually take effect!"
"What happened to the previous world?"
"It's running with a simulacrum of you, as if you had never found me. Consider this a... parallel plane."
I nodded, understanding only slightly. "Okay, so how does this work? I just say what I wish for, and it appears? I wish for a billion dollars."
She inhaled sharply. "Essentially, that's how it works, yes, but I'm afraid that wealth is not in my area of expertise."
"What?! What do you mean, 'area of expertise'?"
She nodded to herself. "Probably should have mentioned this beforehand. You see, some genies, the most powerful ones, can control multiple different domains, but most just focus on one. Those that focus on wealth proliferate billionaires and economic tycoons. Those that focus on power result in world dictators. Stuff like that."
"Fine. What domain do you practice?"
She smiled again, that wide, bubbly grin of hers. "Sex!"
I was taken aback. "I'm sorry?"
She nodded excitedly. "Sex! My domain is sex. Any sexual favors, anything to bring you sexual pleasure, that's what I work with."
My eyes involuntarily flicked down to her tits again. "Is that why...?"
"I'm naked? Yeah!" She looked down, groped her breasts tightly and eagerly, began to knead them between her fingers. "I've always had a fascination with human pleasure! I do my best to replicate it, and I get a kick out of facilitating it!"
"It turns you on?"
She nodded fervently. "Oh, I get SO horny!"
I smiled. "Good. I think you're going to enjoy serving me, then. Can my wishes effect you, as well?"
She didn't even have to say anything. She just nodded with that extra fervor.
"Right. Well, let's get a couple baseline wishes out of the way then." I clapped my hands together. "I wish for a big cock."
She raised her hand, snapped her fingers elegantly. I felt the bulge in my pants growing, looked down to watch. Quickly, I dropped them to the ground, stepped out of them, watched as my dick swelled to a good eight inches. I looked up at my genie, noticed her watching with a hungry look in her eyes.
"I don't think I've ever asked for your name."
She looked back up at me, breathing heavily. I could tell she was horny. "Adria."
I nodded. "I have an idea, Adria. I wish you would get on a table and masturbate loudly until I wish for you to stop."
A huge grin crossed her face as she raised her hand again, and with a snap of her fingers, she vanished before me. I paused, looked around, listened as the sounds of pleasurable moaning filled the room, just as it had filled the space I had found her in. I stepped into the main area of the room, and there was Adria, sitting on a table with her legs spread, staring at me intently, moaning loudly as one hand groped desperately at a tit, and the other rubbed her pussy as if nothing else mattered. I smiled, leaning back against a bookshelf, watching her for a moment.
"Right..." I whispered after enjoying the show for a minute. "Back to business. I have a couple other things to sort out first."
She nodded. "Anything, Master."
"Oooh, that's good. I wish that any woman I find attractive would call me Master."
With the hand that was groping her tit, she reached into the air and snapped her fingers again. I looked around, felt no discernable change, but trusted it went into place.
"I wish that I had an infinite libido. I wish that, when I cum, there would be no loss of stamina, and that I could immediately have sex again if I wanted to. I wish to be able to last as long as I want."
Snap. Snap. Snap. I felt no discernable difference, save for my dick getting a little bit harder as I watched my sex slave genie masturbate furiously before me.
"Anything else, Master?" Adria asked, trying to cover up her lust, but not very well. I smiled down at her.
"Nothing for the moment, Adria. When anything else comes along, I'll be sure to let you know."
"Then... can I..."
I chuckled. "I wish that you would suck my cock like the good little genie slut you are."
She squealed again, giddily squirming on the table, leaving a stain of pussy juices on the wood below her, as she snapped her fingers again, and suddenly I was in a chair, and she was on her knees before me, looking up at me with a cum-eating grin on her face. She reached up, grabbed by long, hard cock in her cute little genie hands, throwing her braid back as she brought my cock to her mouth, looked to me as she kissed the head, already drenched in precum, before going to town.
"Can I make changes to your appearance?"
She nodded, mouth on my dick, moaning her affirmation. I felt the vibrations on my dick, chuckled at the amount of pleasure I was experiencing in this moment. I looked her up and down, wishing she wore her hair down, wishing her lips were puffier, turning her into a perfect little bimbo. She seemed to welcome every change, bobbing her head up and down, up and down, faster and faster on my cock, with more and more enthusiasm after every change. When at last I was done molding her into the most attractive woman I had ever met, she popped her lips from my cock, spat on it, and with a hand began to stroke it wildly.
"Do you like me better now, Master?" she asked with those big bimbo doe eyes glistening up towards me. "You like your slutty sex slave genie stroking your cock as you make her the perfect little whore?"
I smiled, reaching out and wrapping my hand around the back of her head, leading her back down onto my dick. "Keep sucking, slut."
"Yes, Master..." With a hungry smile, she went back down on my cock, her warm lips enveloping me. I watched as, while one hand continued to jerk in sync with her lips, her other wandered south. Her knees spread open slowly as she sucked, not missing a beat as she hungrily worshipped my length, as her fingers began to dance across the folds of her slutty little genie cunt, already dripping with wet arousal. She moaned in ecstasy, loud and without care, her muffled cries of pleasure echoing out throughout the supposedly silent space. I leaned back in my chair, closed my eyes, embraced the feeling of her slut mouth bouncing up and down, up and down on my lengthened dick, her moans of pleasure sending shockwaves as she blew me, in what amounted to one of the greatest blowjobs of my life.
"You're very good at this..." I whispered, eyes still shut.
I felt her mouth pop off my dock, felt her hand grasp it tightly and jerk as she replied. "Centuries of practice, Master. Centuries, dreaming of a real cock, a human cock... in my mouth... in my pussy... my body being used for pleasure..."
Her lips locked back onto my cock again, and I felt the reverberations of pleasure course through me once more. I embraced as Adria pulled me closer and closer to the edge, to the precipice, to climax...
Then, the echoing of footsteps disturbed my reverie.
I turned towards the stairwell at the far end of the room, sitting up frantically. I watched as the librarian made her way up the stairs, marching with frustrated and curious purpose. As she approached, I looked her up and down, noting her extremely modest dress: a button-up shirt buttoned all the way to the collar, and long jeans that hugged her form, but did little else to reveal any intimate details. She was maybe in her mid-30's, blonde hair tied back in a bun behind her head, glasses resting on the crook of her nose. Not entirely my type. I watched as she made her way up the stairs, stopping at the top, looking over at me.
"What the hell is going on up here?"
I looked down at my slut as she continued to suck and suck as if nothing else mattered, as if nobody else was here, then looked back up at her with confusion, before I realized:
"I wish she could see you."
Adria lifted the hand that had been furiously rubbing her pussy, snapped her fingers together, the sound echoing about the chamber. As she appeared before the librarian, she stumbled back in shock, staring down at the naked woman.
"How... Who..." She shook her head violently. "You cannot be doing that here!"
"I wish that everyone perceived the results of my wishes to be perfectly normal and socially acceptable."
Snap. Her demeanor changed almost instantly, growing more relaxed, less indignant. "My apologies. Is there anything I can help you with? It's getting late."
I looked her up and down, considering. "You? I don't believe so."
She nodded, gave me a polite smile. "Very well. If you change your mind, I'll be right downstairs."
She turned then, began to make her way back down the flight of stairs. As I watched her descend, I saw the way her jeans hugged her ass, the way it bounced ever so slightly as she stepped, no matter how much she clearly didn't want it to. And I got an idea.
"Wait!"
She stopped on the stairs, turned back towards me. "Yes?"
I looked back towards Adria as she continued to suck, her hand having returned back between her legs, masturbating as she sucked and sucked, continuing to care about one thing and one thing only: pleasuring my dick. I smiled. "I wish that every woman on campus had their appearance altered to become the most attractive they can be in my eyes."
Adria giggled on my cock, popping off her lips. "Good one," she whispered, her lips dripping with spittle and precum as she raised her hand again and snapped her fingers once more. I turned to the librarian, watched as, in a mere moment, her entire physical appearance altered. Any small wrinkles she had vanished. Her breasts were suddenly pushing against her buttoned-up, tucked in shirt, begging to be set free. Her blonde hair was down, falling past her shoulders and down her back. Her lips were slightly puffier to facilitate cock-sucking. From the template provided before, she became a model of attractiveness.
"And now, in accordance with your last wish, every woman on campus will call you Master," Adria pointed out with a smile. I chuckled to myself. I hadn't even thought about that.
"I wish every woman on campus dressed like a slut."
Adria snapped her fingers again, and I watched as the librarian's outfit changed, but surprisingly, not by much. Her shirt became halfway unbuttoned, showcasing a generous amount of cleavage and her bra that crossed across her chest. Her glasses were gone. Her jeans remained largely the same, except that they hugged her form even tighter, and I could tell the crotch was so tight that the fabric was rubbing up against her panties, of which I could see the outline.
"I wish every woman on campus never wore underwear."
Snap. Her bra and panties disappeared. I could tell now that the folds of her shirt were just barely covering her nipples, and her shirt was still tucked in, causing the fabric to hug her form tightly, and her nipples to poke through. I had to admit, modeling a woman as a perfect slut while getting my dick sucked only turned me on more and more. I smiled at her. She reciprocated with a cold, neutral expression.
"Will that be all, Master?"
She called me Master. I liked that very much. But there was something missing. She was still cold towards me, acting like I was just a student, and she was only there to facilitate my education, not my pleasure.
I felt Adria's lips pop off my cock again, her cheek come to rest on my thigh as her hand gripped my dick tightly, began to stroke up and down, up and down, with growing ferocity and speed. "I could suck this dick all day..." she whispered to herself wistfully, looking up at me with a warm smile. I felt a lightbulb go off in my head. I had made every girl look like a slut, but I hadn't made them sluts.
"I wish every girl on campus was a horny slut. I wish every girl on campus would want to suck and fuck cock all the time. I wish every girl on campus would follow my commands eagerly and without question."
Adria smiled up at me. "There it is..."
Snap. Snap. Snap. The librarian's demeanor changed once again, going from cold and stiff to warm and sultry. She smiled at me, her hands moving up towards her shirt, fingers gliding across the open folds. She looked over at me. "Are you sure there isn't anything else I can do for you, Master? Anything at all?"
There it was. "What's your name?"
"Alyssa."
"Alyssa. Why don't you come over here and make out with me until Adria makes me cum?"
Adria giggled as she went back to sucking, faster and faster, harder and harder. Alyssa grinned back at me. "Of course, Master." One foot in front of the other, she made her way over to me, sauntering, making sure every movement of her body exuded sexual energy. Every sway of her hips brought her ass one step closer. Every step caused her breasts to jump and dance, and I thought with every step that they would fall out of her shirt. She slid her way over to me, sidled up beside me.
"I wish this was a comfier chair that could recline."
Snap. I suddenly found myself sitting in an upholstered throne. Alyssa smiled, leaning up against me, her breasts shoving against my chest, her hands wandering every inch of my torso as she leaned in and kissed me with her warm, slutty mouth. My hands went around her waist, pulling her in closer, as our bodies seemed almost to merge, as our tongues danced around each other. Adria didn't let up, not for a second, sucking and sucking with fervor and determination as I made out with the librarian that, only a couple of minutes before, had intended to scold me out of the library and warn me never to return. My fingers made their way to her ass, grasping at a cheek as I pulled her into me, then pulled away, ever so briefly.
"I wish Alyssa was no longer wearing pants."
Alyssa smiled at me with a horny, aroused grin as the snap echoed throughout the room, and my hand was suddenly holding skin. We leaned back into the embrace again as my hand roamed further and further south, eventually finding her folds between her legs, wet and dripping. She began to buck against my fingers, moaning into my mouth as her pleasure began to heighten, and as mine reached closer and closer to its peak.
"Please, Master..." Adria began to beg. Both hands were now wrapped around my length, jerking as fast as she possibly could. I broke the kiss, looked down at my obedient, horny genie slut as she stroked, felt my librarian whore as her hands continued to wander, underneath my shirt, across my skin, her lips tracing down the side of my face and into the crook of my neck. "Please, Master, please give me your cum. I've been dreaming of cum for centuries, yearning for it, desperate for it. I need it, Master, I need your cum, I need your big hot fucking load. I'm your little genie cumslut. You can use my body whenever you want, use my magic whenever you want. I exist to bring you pleasure. Let me bring you pleasure, Master. Let this horny genie cum dumpster bring you pleasure. Please, Master, please...!"
I closed my eyes, groaned in ecstasy as I squeezed Alyssa up against me, as I came, the first of many, many times to come. Streams of wet, hot, sticky cum coated my genie slut's face as she stroked and stroked and stroked, extending out my orgasm for a full minute, drenching my cumslut, drowning my cumslut, as she giggled giddily, until it was all said and done, and Adria knelt back and relaxed, reaching up with her fingers, scooping up a string of cum and licking it into her mouth with a satisfied moan.
"Thank you, Master..." she said, grinning up at me. "Will I get your cum again soon?"
I smiled down at her, clenched my librarian whore's ass one last time. "Soon, my slut. Soon. But I have other plans..."