Brig ran her hand through her short, black hair, the cool air sending a pleasant chill across her scalp. She'd had a good set, especially for such an early one. Sure, she hadn't had quite the crowd you get after midnight, but she'd seen how everyone was dancing, and she'd heard the cheers. When you get them moving and warmed up for the headliners like that, promoters notice, and bigger and better gigs follow.
She just wished her sister Gabby could have seen it. EDM had never been Gabby's thing — the studious girl preferred what she called, "art music," and shied away from anything with a pounding bass. But still, she'd always been supportive of her younger sister, and even showed up to cheer when Brig started gigging. And even when Brig could tell she'd rather be sitting in a concert hall or studying, Gabby always found something supportive to say about Brig's music. She remembered what her sister had said after the last show she'd attended: "I really enjoyed the complexity of it. It's some of the only dance music I've heard that's interesting, even if you don't really like dancing."
Sometime between Gabby's diplomatic review and their lunch date the next afternoon, the girl had disappeared. Brig had been looking for her ever since.
The scene she saw as she passed the pile of packing material roused Brig from her thoughts. She tried her best to ignore the couple going at it so near her car. It was a warehouse party, and if a girl wanted to suck her boyfriend off amidst the industrial detritus, more power to her.
Well, at least in theory. Something about the two made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. The man was dressed in black slacks and a black button-down, which immediately marked him as a little old for the scene. He was leaning against a cracked retainer wall in the small parking lot nestled behind the warehouse, with the girl kneeling on a palette at his feet, enthusiastically gulping in a shimmering tutu and crop top, brightly colored thigh-high socks the frizzy strands of a pink bob that could have been a wig, fluttering festively in the breeze.
Getting closer confirmed her initial impression. The girl looked to be in her late teens or early twenties, while the man was at least a decade older. And the location was... well, just wrong, somehow. Sure, there was a stack of crates and palettes that mostly obscured the scene from the direction of the warehouse, but they were still near to the party and exposed, with the girl directly beneath an overhead lamp that left the guy's face in shadows. And the way they were setup right in front of her van gave Brig the creeps as well; particularly since she didn't remember all of those palettes setup quite like that a few hours ago, when she'd loaded in. For a moment, she had the crazy impression that it was all setup for her benefit.
And then there was their manner. With the pounding bass leaking out across the lot, she couldn't make out what they were saying, but the man was not acting like a typical man getting a blowjob. She watched over her shoulder as he looked down at the girl with his arms crossed, then tapped her on the head. She pulled off, and looked up while he spoke some direction down to her, then got back to work. He reached down and patted her on the head. A moment later, the episode repeated. This time, she seemed to be licking it from the base to the tip, the man guiding her head, making delicate adjustments with his fingertips.
And then, as Brig loaded her last piece of gear into the back, she heard the girl giggle. Gabby had always been self-conscious about her laugh, but if you caught her at just the right time with just the right joke, she'd let out the most cute, girly giggle you'd ever heard. Brig would recognize it anywhere, and she'd just heard it.
And before she could rethink it or contemplate how this party girl who looked so different could possibly be her sister, she called out, "Gab?"
The girl pulled off the cock with a pop, then mumbled something apologetic and dove back down.
"It's okay," the man said, no doubt raising his voice loud enough for Brig to hear it. "You can say, 'hi.'"
"Hi, Eva," the girl called, turning her head to look over her shoulder. "Babygirl missed you so much! Come here and chat, 'kay?"
Brig shivered. She pretty much exclusively went by Brig these days. Every moment she wasn't looking for her sister was spent on her music career. No one called her "Eva" or "Ev" anymore but her family and old friends. And no one would dare call a girl as reserved and dignified as Gabby, "Babygirl" — least of all herself.
Brig had once walked in on Gabby with her boyfriend feeling her breasts up over her clothes, and her sister had shut herself into her room for two hours before coming out and saying, in a sober voice, "I apologize for that display, can we please not mention it again?"
Now, here she was, motioning Brig over so she could make small talk while sucking on her... captor? Client? Sugar daddy? Whoever the fuck this scumbag who made her call him 'Daddy' was, Brig wanted her sister and herself as far away from him as possible.
"Why don't you stand up and come over here so I can give you a hug, Gabby. We've all been worried about you."
"Is it okay, Daddy?"
"Sure, Babygirl. Why don't you put me away and introduce me to your lovely and talented sister?"
"Thanks, Daddy!" she said, giving him one more lick for good measure, before carefully tucking him away. "This is my stepsister Eva. Isn't she sexy? She goes by Brig 'cuz she looks like Bridgette Bardot... especially those lips!" she said, giving Brig a decidedly un-sisterly once over. "And Brig, this is my Daddy, and he's like, sooo mmmmm...."
Her eyes fluttered closed and she pressed against him, sliding down his body as if on autopilot. "Daddy" grabbed her hand and pulled her back up, turning her back towards Brig with just a hint of a smirk.
"Sorry," he said in a voice that made Brig want to punch him, "I believe her mind is still on her lessons, isn't it Babydoll?"
Gabby giggled. "Uh huh! Daddy has been teaching me so many things," she said, the last words garbled as her thumb went into her mouth, apparently practicing whatever she'd just learned from the man Brig was now sure had kidnapped and brainwashed her sister.
Brig stared. Gabby's wig had slipped halfway off her head, and the man pulled it the rest of the way off, setting it on the top of the low wall. Without it, her appearance was even more shocking. She'd always been a big girl, with wide shoulders and hips, large breasts, and a soft body that earned her more attention than she was comfortable with, which she'd played down with loose clothes and long hair draped down her chest. Now, she oozed sex. Her breasts were even larger, obscenely thrust up by her top and emphasized all the more by her bald head. She'd lost some weight since she disappeared, but still had a bit of a tummy, which pouted cutely beneath her crop top.
Gabby had had an instinctive dislike of any sort of body modification; she'd been almost eighteen when she got her ears pierced, and she'd never even consider a tattoo, much less an implant — or so Brig had thought. Now, both her pout and her breasts were obviously enhanced. Her eyebrows had been replaced by tattooed, high arches, her tongue was pierced, and across her left breast, in fluorescent pink, curly script outlined by equally blinding orange was written, "Daddy's girl," with a little heart dotting the "i." Her belly button was pierced, and along her waistline, partly covered by the skirt, were the words, "Rub for luck," although whether it referred to what was immediately above it, below it, or both, Brig didn't want to think about.
And those are just the changes I can see, Brig thought with a shiver. She decided to stall for time, patting her pockets to find her phone.
"Are you a teacher... from her college?"
"Oh, no, not that kind of teacher. She's more like my apprentice," the man said. "As in a traditional a master-apprentice sort of relationship," he added with an oily smile, making sure she understood the implication.
"Right," Brig muttered, finding her phone and silently sliding her hand into it to unlock it with her finger. She mentally pictured the layout of her apps, trying to remember exactly where the phone app was. Find and press the call app, three numbers, and send. Maybe she could do it without him ever noticing. "Uh, I'd like her to come back with me tonight so we can catch up. Just to let people see her and know she's okay."
"Oh, would you? What people? You're her only family, aren't you?"
"And this is family business, so if you please-"
"Don't you care what your sister has to say about it?" he interrupted.
Brig winced. Her finger had skimmed the screen. She could have pressed anything. She'd been hopelessly optimistic — there was no way she'd be able to call 911 without looking. Brig took a deep breath and quickly pulled her phone out, shaking it to turn on the camera. She pressed the video button, pointing it right at the man.
"Listen, Andy. That's my sister, not your fucking dog. She's coming with me, or I'm going to call the cops and let them know she's being trafficked and brainwashed, and show them exactly who has done it."
The man put his hand to his mouth, as if to stifle a chuckle, then murmured something. With no warning, Gabby launched herself at Brig so quickly that the girl jumped back.
"Gabby, no!"
But her sister wasn't attacking her, she was pleading, clutching at her legs, begging her to "not take, Daddy away."
"I'm trying to help, Gabby! This man has done something to your brain. You're not like this; you're a smart, reserved girl who doesn't even kiss before the third date. You thought I was a slut because I went down on a boy I'd been dating for a month!"
She looked in alarm between the implacable sister immobilizing her against the front of her van and the man, bending down to lift up the phone she'd dropped when Gabby had knocked into her.
"Come back, Babygirl. Nice and calm for Daddy," he said, making a kissing sound.
Instantly, Gabby's anxiety seemed to melt to nothing.
"Thanks, Daddy," she mumbled, shuffling back to his side. He reached down and stroked her belly, eliciting a childish giggle.
"That's my phone, asshole," Gabby growled, trying to hide her shaking.
"You were about to call the cops, were you not?" he asked. "You know if you call them, you'll never see her again."
"Yeah, as if you were just going to let her go.".
"Actually, I may do just that. If you can convince her to come with you, I'll give up any claim on her, and you can do... whatever you want with her."
"And if I can't?"
"She comes with me and you don't try to stop her. I'll let you visit in the future, but it will be on my terms."
Brig weighed her options. She could shout for help right now, but with Gabby under his sway and apparently willing to jump at her on command, she didn't like her chances against both of them. Anyway, there was no one around except the club kid paying security guard, and as far as she knew he was around the corner at the entrance, still pumping his headphones at full volume. And even if she could get his attention, she doubted he'd help her forcibly restrain her sister when the woman clearly wouldn't agree to come with her.
If she talked to Gabby, she'd have a chance. And even if it didn't work, she'd be in no worse a position than she was right now. And who knows? Maybe she'd get lucky and spot a few friends between now and then who could help her out of the situation. It wasn't a great option, but it was her best one.
"Fine."
"Excellent." he said, tapping at her phone. "I've deleted the video. Keep this in your back pocket until I leave, with or without my Babygirl. Otherwise, the deal is off."
She glowered at him, snatching the phone from his hand. He turned around, arranging a few small crates, and sat down, Gabby quietly kneeling at his feet without being told. "Have a seat, please."
She reluctantly sat down on a milk crate, facing the two, staring at the man stroking Gabby's head.
"I thought I was going to get to have a talk with her."
"Go ahead and talk," the man said with a shrug.
Brig took a deep breath through her clenched teeth. "I miss you, Gabby. It was... really hard when you disappeared."
"I miss you too, Ev!" Gabby said with a sleepy grin. "I tell Daddy all the time how much I want you to come visit us."
Brig nodded. "What have you been doing since you were taken?"
Gabby giggled. "Do you really want to know?" she asked, licking her lips.
"Of course! I'm your sister."
"Okay, well in the morning I take a shower and then wake Daddy up with a really nice long blowjob, which is totally yummy. You should totally try it! I bet if you ask nicely, he'll-"
Brig cleared her throat. "That's okay, Gabby. Why don't you tell me, how you started your... relationship? It doesn't seem like the kind of thing you'd normally do willingly," she said, avoiding even glancing at the man.
"Oh, that! Well Daddy's super smart, and he can tell when a girl wants to belong to him even before she can, so he...." She blinked, looking confused. "Daddy? Can I remember, so I can tell Ev?"
"Thanks for asking, Babygirl. Why don't you remember the story of how I met you at the coffee shop."
"Oh, that's right, Daddy met me at the coffee shop! I thought he was really sexy, so I got up the nerve to ask for his number, but we ended up going back to his house. There was so much chemistry that we just decided to become a couple, and I moved in. And he took care of everything, so I just, kind of, like lost track of stuff."
"You met him at a coffee shop, immediately went back to his house and forgot the rest of your life? Does that make any sense to you?" Brig asked.
Gabby looked uncertain. "That is strange. Does that make sense, Daddy?"
"Maybe not, Babygirl," Andy said with an apologetic shrug. "But that's why we have so many stories. Why don't t you forget that one and remember how I met you at the bar."
"Oh, right! How did I forget? I was out with my friends, and super tipsy, and there was this cute older guy-"
"Gabby, you don't drink!" Brig said.
"No, I was super tipsy, and there was this cute older guy," Gabby continued on, blithely
"Stop fucking with her head, and let me talk with my sister, asshole!" Brig shouted, turning away to try to hide the tears in her eyes.
"Babygirl, your sister looks upset," Andy said, quietly. "Why don't you forget about how we met for now and go comfort her."
Gabby crawled over, laying her head in Brig's lap. "Why are you so sad, Brig?
"Not like that, Gabby. You're my older sister, not a pet. Just... just give me a hug?"
Brig hated herself for looking at the man as she spoke, implicitly asking him for his permission to hug her own sister, but to her surprise, Gabby took the initiative, climbing into her lap and hugging her, her breasts squishing against Brig's head.
"You don't need to be sad for me, Ev," she said, stroking her sister's hair. "I'm happy with Daddy, and now I get to see you too!"
"I'm not sad for you, Bae- Gabby. I'm sad for me."
"What do you mean?"
Brig was silent for a long moment, hugging her sister. Finally, she spoke, just loud enough to hear over the thumping bass.
"Shut her down."
Gabby giggled. "Shut who down."
Brig looked at Andy, who was impassively sipping from a flask, watching the two.
"Shut her down, Andy. I don't want her to hear this."
"Babygirl, hold on. Nap time."
Gabby wrapped her arms tighter around her sister, and lay her head down with a sigh.
"Why do you do it, Andy?"
He smiled. "Isn't it obvious? Just look at her," he said, standing up and stretching.
"So that's it? She looked cute and you thought you'd take her?"
"What else? A sexy girl caught my eye and I wanted her. The only difference between me and any other man is I'm better at taking what I want."
"You know she was special. She's the smartest person I know — was the smartest person I know before you pulled out her personality and turned her into your... your pet bimbo."
"Is that so?" He didn't sound dismissive or mocking. He sounded genuinely curious.
"She wanted to save the world since she was little. She was studying pre-law and planning to go into women's advocacy. She was going to help... it doesn't matter."
"And you think she was happier like that?"
"How the fuck do I know?" Brig asked. "You have so much control over her that she acts just how you want her to. She could find this all humiliating and just act like this giggling ditz because you want her to put on a show."
"Hmm, humiliated, but compelled to put on a show," he repeated quietly to himself. "Interesting. You think I have a lot of power over her, then?"
Brig laughed scornfully. "However you brainwashed her, you're good at it. With your persuasive skills, you could be... it doesn't matter. You are what you are."
"No, no, you've given me a lot to think about," he said. She gave him a look of incredulity over Gabby's shoulder. "You know, I never considered using my skills for good. That's interesting."
"Are you serious?"
"Sure! A lot to think about. But I think you've gotten a couple things wrong about me and, uh, Gabby," he said, patting her shoulder.
"Don't fucking touch me," she said, shaking him off her shoulder. Gabby didn't even stir, but she seemed to hold on tighter.
He pulled back, putting his hands up innocently. "Do you want to hear, or not?"
"I guess," she said, morosely stroking Gabby's back.
"I can do all the things you said. Make a girl stupid, turn her into a pet, even erase her whole personality. I didn't do any of those things with Gabby."
"And I guess she just decided to be a silicone-pumped sex toy all on her own, then?"
"I didn't say that. I certainly gave her a push. Well, more than a push. But the best results are when I find something inside a girl to bring out; a hidden submissive streak that I can cultivate and guide."
"Bullshit. My nerdy big sister just decided to go by 'Babygirl' and spend her life sucking your nasty cock? Don't treat me like I'm stupid."
"No, she wanted to be called Baby G. Like Gabby with the letters rearranged. She still likes to play word games, only now most of them are about.... You know what? You'll find out more from her."
"You're... letting her come with me?" Brig felt warm and calm and sleepy, with a strange buzzing behind her ears that made it hard to focus, especially with her sister snuggling into her and holding her, so tight. The emotional roller coaster of the last half hour must have been getting to her.
"In a minute. But first tell me, why did you keep calling her a pet?"
Brig struggled to form her thoughts. "I guess because she follows your commands. And she looks so happy to do what you tell her, like some trained poodle or something."
"It does look like a happy life, doesn't it? Just doing what you're told for praise and head pets."
Brig shook her head to clear it. It didn't work. "What are you getting at?"
"Nothing, nothing. One more question: how could I give back to the community?"
"What?"
"If I decided to use my skills for good, what would that look like?"
"I don't know. Maybe, uh, helping people be... be more, uh giving? Or maybe they could come to you for-"
"More giving, I like that."
He pulled down one finger at a time like he was counting, mumbling to himself. "Let's see, humiliated but compelled to show off. Dumb."
"Andy, what-" Brig started.
"Shh!" he chided, returning to his counting. "Pet. Lives for praise. More giving. Is that everything?"
"What did you do to me?" Brig asked. She knew she should feel panic, but instead she felt a warm, quiet void.
"I gave you the answer to your question."
"Q-question?" she stuttered. "My head feels.. all wrong."
"Yes, you wanted to know how I took your sister. The answer is on your shoulder," he said, pulling Gabby's head back. Brig squinted, having trouble focusing her eyes. On her shoulder was a sticker of a cartoon dog, with its tongue hanging out. "Chemistry isn't my specialty, but my source calls this a , 'good girl patch.' It soaks right through the skin.
"No. Going home," she mumbled. "Taking Gabby."
"But you lost. You still get to see her, but now it's on my terms. And on my terms, you'll be seeing a lot of her."
Brig fumbled in her back pocket, trying to raise the will and coordination to pull out the phone and dial the cops.
"Babygirl, wake up now. Give Ev a nice kiss."
Suddenly, Gabby's lips were on hers, her tongue pressing urgently into Brig's mouth. It only took her a moment to forget whose soft lips were on hers, and what she was fighting. Then her eyes closed, just falling into the frantic kisses, the wide hips rocking against her lap, the strong arms holding her so tightly.
"Good girl. Let's help her up."
And then the kiss was over, and she was being led to her van, shuffling along in a dream. She tried to let them know they were putting her in the wrong place with they slid open the rear door instead of helping her into the driver's seat, but they seemed to know what they were doing. They bundled her into the back, strapping her into her seatbelt, and wrapping something soft over her eyes and something firmer around her wrists. Brig felt a little sad when they closed the door. She'd have liked that woman to ride in the back with her, even if she couldn't see her. But the woman kissed her before shutting the door, and whispered in her ear, "See you soon, Ev."
"Did I do good, Daddy?" Babygirl asked as they pulled out of the parking lot.
"Very good, Babygirl. It was a perfect plan."
"So she can stay with us, Daddy? I can keep her?" she simpered, batting her eyelashes.
"I don't know, Babygirl. Taking care of another girl is a big responsibility."
"I'm a big girl, Daddy."
"You sure are, Babygirl. Even so, I think we should start with something a little more manageable."
"Okay, Daddy," she said, with a sad sigh.
He clapped a hand down on her thigh, reassuringly.
"How does your own puppy sound?"
Babygirl looked at him wide-eyed, then looked back over her shoulder.
"Daddy, do you mean...."
He nodded, smiling. Babygirl squealed with glee.

* * *

"So, you've got it from here, Ernie?" Viola asked, already undoing her apron.
"Sure, sure," the owner said, gruffly, pouring a drink a drink for one of his regulars, "just peak out back before you go and see what all the noise is about, will ya? I don't want anymore troublemakers like last night."
"Sure thing, boss."
It was funny. With all the Friday night bar chatter, she hadn't heard a thing, but as soon as he pointed it out, something did seem strange. It wasn't the volume, so much as the cadence. There'd be a round of cheers, then laughter, excited rounds of chatter, all punctuated by blocks of excited silence. She'd have thought they were watching a talented street magician, except that there was something off about the cheers. They seemed a little loud, a little macho. A little lewd.
The back lot was a frequent source of conflict for Ernie's bar. The parking lot was shared between them and a nearby nail salon — no problem there, as they kept almost completely different hours. But between the parking lot, the dumpster, the bar, and the nail salon was a little public park. It was barely big enough for a couple benches and a stunted tree in a wire cage — more a no-mans land than a park. But it was a huge hassle when there were rowdy drunks, because they couldn't kick anyone out of there without calling the cops, who usually had bigger priorities than some mouthy alcoholic loitering in a tiny city park behind a dingy bar.
Ernie made the problem worse by regularly shouting at the high school kids and transients who otherwise minded their own business back there, until it became a game for them to taunt him, knowing he couldn't do anything about it. As a result of his boisterous negative charisma, it had become a much more popular hangout than such a dingy little park had any business being.
It was just one more reason Viola was glad she'd only be working here for a few more days, before she moved out to the coast, on to bigger and better things.
She'd never seen it this crowded. She could barely see through the thick crowd of men gathered around.
"Hey Phil, what's going on?" she asked, tapping the shoulder of a regular.
He turned around. "Oh, hey Viola. It's, uh, I guess a street performance, kind of." The friendly, blue collar flannel and jeans-wearing regular stroked the back of his neck, looking uncharacteristically bashful.
There was a distinctive "yip!" followed by another round of laughter.
"What kind of show?"
Weirdly, Phil blushed.
"Hey, make room! Come on, down in front!"
Viola looked up to see a man dressed in slacks and a black button down, standing on the bench, his hands cupped to his mouth. Immediately, the rowdy crowd squatted, clearing a space.
Viola stared for several moments, trying to figure out what she was looking at. In front of her was an almost unbelievably busty girl, her head covered by a short red bob that looked like a wig. She was dressed in a frilly, square-necked dress, thrusting her cleavage up and forward in a massive shelf, with a skirt that flared straight out to reveal the underside of an almost equally impressive ass, covered only by a shiny pair of panties that looked decidedly slick.
In her hand, she held a leash, connected to the collar of what Viola was trying very hard to convince herself was a large dog — dalmatian in coloring. The creature she wanted to believe was a dog pawed excitedly at the man in front of her, sniffing and nuzzling his crotch, while he grinned, a little self-consciously rubbing the short dark hair on her head, and saying, "good girl!"
Another man knelt beside her, rubbing her back and backside, and stomach as she yipped excitedly. Then his hand drifted back and she let out a moan which broke the illusion entirely.
It was a woman, dressed only in body paint, kneepads, and some sort of paw-shaped gloves, moaning and whining as she humped a strange man's hand and desperately licked at the crotch of another.
A woman she recognized.
"Sit pretty, Biscuit!" the busty woman called out. "Come on, sit pretty!"
The puppygirl sat high on her knees, her legs spread wide. Her mouth open in a very good imitation of a canine grin, and she held her paws right beneath her breasts, pushing and jiggling them with the backs of her hands as she licked her lips, her eyes focusing on the crotch in front of her.
Without saying a word, the object of her attention pulled out his wallet, making eye contact with the man on the bench. The man grinned and nodded.
"The hell? Brig? What the fuck is going on?" Viola shouted. She turned to the man.
"How are you doing this?"
He held up a finger. "Alright, show's over for the day, folks! Give another hand for Biscuit! If you'd like a more intimate performance, pick up a business card from the lovely, luscious Babygirl," he called out, clapping his hands to get the crowd applauding. Biscuit turned around, scampering back to the busty girl, burying her head in her arms, as if to escape the attention, while her hindquarters wagged back and forth, her sex glistening.
"Now," the man said, turning to Viola, "what can I do for you?"