Nigkala Tales Pt. 13: Degree of Separation
To err is human, to air is divine
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Finally, the email arrived. It contained the description of the outfit I would need to wear, with an attached pattern showing the standard attire. I had requested this, since they didn't have anything in my size. I know I never expected to again be at a university graduation as anything other than an audience member. But my work for the museum made a significant impact, and the curator of the work I did got me this gig. In a few weeks, I would be in front of a crowd of thousands, giving them a speech to inspire them.
I had already purchased the fabric, so I studied the pattern to discern how it was supposed to look. I then began cutting the fabric for the gown. I had co-opted our maid, Cindy, to help with the fabrication. Mostly, she pinned things where I told her to, and handed me stuff as I needed it. By now, I was an expert costumer, and the gown was finished in a day. Although I did not like the fact that the gown let almost no skin show, I found a black satiny fabric that wasn't quite opaque in bright lights. I also added side slits that showed a fair amount of leg when I walked, but showed nothing when I stood. I already had comfortable black flats to wear.
The next day, I made the hood. They were very specific about this. It was to be made with the same black fabric as the gown, with a brown velvet edge for my theatrical degree, and a satin field with chevron of blue and yellow for my college. The outfit is like what I saw the faculty wear at my kids' graduations. They had hoods, and this was one. The third day, I made the cap. When they said a gold-colored tassel, I used one, but added a real gold band over the existing one. It was thin, but shiny. To finish off the outfit, I made a pair of earrings. One was the theatrical comedy mask, and the other was the theatrical tragedy mask. They were real gold, with silver accents and openings for the eyes and mouths.
I decided to take some pictures of the earrings, as I had not found anything like them on the internet. I sent it to my business agent to have them copyrighted and licensed for jewelers. Who knows, it might make money. I then dressed in the full outfit and had Cindy take pictures. I took a few more with a close-up of the cap, and of the hood. I sent them in reply to the email to see if they would be acceptable. They were. Now, all I needed was to work on my speech. But I had a few weeks for that.
I arrived at the football field, and headed for the area designated for faculty. I checked in, and was directed where to robe up. When I was robed, I was to report to the master of ceremonies for some last-minute instruction on how everything would go, and where I was to sit. It didn't take long to find her.
"Hi there. I'm Becky Sue Tate, but you might have me listed as Helen Asher."
"Let's see... Here it is. Becky Sue Tate. Guest speaker, seat 12. Follow me." She led me to a mockup of the stage.
"You will be in line after Doctor Burke." She positioned me on a line taped to the floor, and stood next to me on the line.
"Pretend I am him, and follow me." She led me and stopped at a series of taped rectangles in our path. They were a different color.
"These are steps." She carefully stepped in each one, and into a large taped area with chairs. This outline also used a different color.
"This is the stage." She continued walking.
"Note the numbers on the seat of the chairs. Dr. Burke sits in number 11, over there, and you are next to him in number 12." She then walked opposite her chair and then stepped off the taped path and stood by her chair.
"When you get to your chair, walk over to it and stand. Sit or stand when everyone else on stage does." She then sat, so I did.
"When you are introduced, stand, follow the path to the podium, and give your address when indicated. When you are done, step back and return to your chair. At the end, reverse the process, and return here to change out of your outfit. Got it?" She didn't wait for my reply, but left.
I started asking and soon found Dr. Burke. "Hello there. I'm Becky Sue Tate. Looks like I am in line after you. Mind if I hang around while we wait?"
"No." He looked up at me, and said, "You a guest speaker?" I nodded. "There will be a lot of standing. You might want to switch out those killer heels for some flats. No one will see them anyway."
"I'm not wearing heels." He looked skeptical, so I lifted the hem and showed him my shoes.
"You mean you are that tall? Wow. You ever play basketball?"
"No, in college I played four years on the football team. Quarterback. Helped the team standing immensely, but the division was the wimpiest, so that doesn't say as much as it might."
"Was it touch or flag?"
"Standard. It usually took three to bring me down. That opened up my receivers, and I got a lot of yardage that way. The opponents never had sufficient defense to cover my receivers, my runners, and me. And if they rushed, I usually gained yardage."
"Yeah, I can see it. But your hood indicates what, theater? Your earrings look kinda familiar."
"Professionally, I'm an actress, and I have a bachelor's degree in the Dramatic Arts. I made the earrings, and yes, they are Comedy and Tragedy."
"They look professionally done."
"Thanks."
"But I'm not sure you have the correct regalia."
"I make most of my own clothes, because I cannot buy off-the-shelf. They gave me this pattern, and I sent pics after I finished. They said it was good."
"Oh? Looks like today's ceremonies might get interesting."
"How so?"
"I don't want to spoil whatever is planned."
"Oh well. I hope I won't have to do improv."
"I doubt they would do anything too outlandish, so you should do fine."
"Okay. Say, how soon do we get started? I never got a schedule."
He looked at his watch. "About twenty-five minutes."
We continued to chat, and at about five minutes to go, they called everyone to get in line. Dr. Burke introduced me to the man behind me. Before I realized it, we were heading on stage at the football field. There must have been over a thousand graduates, and the stands had maybe three times as many. Dr. Burke gave me a running commentary on the process, saying it helped him keep awake. When his name was mentioned, he said quietly, "My turn." He spoke for a few minutes before returning.
"Ms. Tate, please come here. Dean Jones, if you will."
Dr. Burke said, "Your turn. Break a leg, so to speak."
I arrived next to the podium, as did the dean, who was given the mike.
"Ms. Tate, I am Dr. Robert Jones, Dean of the Archaeology department. We have asked you here for two reasons. You already know you are a guest speaker, but we also want to do more." An aide passed him a scroll. Unrolling it, I could see all the fancy print, but he didn't give me time to read it, instead showing it to the graduates. "Some years ago, under the auspices of Dr. Deniz Kaplan, Ms. Tate translated an unusual ancient book. Her work was extraordinary. She revealed Egyptian influences in cuneiform writing, and gave an extremely detailed translation. Not just a simple one, but also possible others, and why she chose what she did. There has been a lot of argument over what the translation means, but not over its accuracy.
"A few months ago, she was also involved in the Akkad tablets. Yes, the same ones you recently studied. Before she got involved, they were in a million pieces, and it was thought a hopeless task to re-assemble them. She managed in under a month. Experts have studied the reconstruction and have yet to find a flaw. Other experts believe these tablets were created in Akkad, the city of Sargon, and written by his daughter Enheduanna. While that is still under discussion, the tablets themselves are either the originals, or among the earliest copies.
"In both cases, her work has been extraordinary, and significant. She also identified some cylindrical seals just by briefly seeing them in an exhibit. It is clear she is an Archaeologist among the many other things she is.
"Becky Sue Tate, as Dean of the Archaeology department, and with the blessings of the university, I hereby present you with a Doctorate of Archaeology, honoris causa." He then let the scroll close and handed it and the mike to me.
"Thank you, Dean Jones. I'm not sure what to say."
The mike didn't pick up when he whispered, "Say your speech and inspire them."
Clearing my throat, "I wrote a nice speech. It is no longer going to work. So... Improv time."
I paused, dramatically. "As you know, I am Becky Sue Tate. No, make that Dr. Becky Sue Tate. But some of you have recognized me as the actress, Helen Asher, and likely my signature role as Nigkala. I take my acting seriously, and want to make it as real as I can. I was a fan of the Nigkala stories as a kid, and learned to speak Sumerian because of that. When I played her, I refined my knowledge of language and became an expert. I also got interested in other things Sumerian, and so refined my skills in that ancient culture. I spent well over a year immersed in the learning, and if you want that level of expertise, you will need to invest that level of dedication.
"I have other achievements you can read about. But I spent a lot of time and effort to learn and develop my skills. But what about you? You are at the beginning of your career, where your decisions will affect the rest of your life. I made some of the greatest decisions in my life while still a kid. I continue to make such decisions, even now. But knowing their impact, I carefully consider most of them. I don't always get the time to consider, and sometimes, neither will you. But I find the most important thing is to know yourself. What do you want? What is important to you? While I have a passion for acting, I also have a passion for archaeology. Find your passion and go for it. Don't be afraid to try something. Don't be afraid of failure. Don't be afraid of risk. Do be aware, and try to make sure you have a plan to deal with both success and failure.
"Plan well, and success or failure, you will be better off. And the better you plan, the more likely you will have success. Sometimes, however, you cannot plan. Then you must do what you think is best. If you have learned to think through things, then you will likely have good results when you decide on impulse. Success begets success, even when guessing. But never assume success. That path leads to arrogance and folly.
"Another part of success is working with others. On the set, I depend on many people. While I think highly of my skill, I make an effort to be nice to others and help when I can. This makes them happy to work with me, and to help me when I need help. Too many times, I have seen actors that think only of themselves. They may have skills, but they are not as welcome on a set, and may cause problems there. In your work, whatever line it is, being nice and helping, pays off in having a happier and welcoming workplace. Whether you are god's gift to the field, or just a plodder that gets the work done, people will welcome you if you follow my advice."
I looked back, and indicated I was done. "Thank you all, and again, I am humbled by your faith in me." Lowering the mike, the crowd broke into applause. I backed up a step, and handed the mike over.
After gathering their attention, Dean Jones said, "Dr. Tate, thank you for your inspiration. I know our graduates appreciate it. I thank you for your wisdom." He nodded at me, and then continued, "The next speaker is..."
I kind of tuned him out, as I was getting a rather heady feeling from all of this. I made it back to my seat without a misstep, but I have no idea how. I sat there a bit.
Dr. Burke touched my arm. "Earth to Becky Sue. Earth to Becky Sue."
I was startled, but managed to quietly answer, "Huh? What?"
"I said great speech. Your improv is better than some rehearsed speeches of the others I could name."
"Thank you. Is it always this heady?"
"What do you mean?"
"I could feel their enthusiasm. Like a physical thing."
"They were enthusiastic, but it wasn't that big of a deal. Maybe it's just becoming a Doctor. I mentioned the gown was off? Now it makes sense. It is the gown of a doctorate, and now you are one. Congratulations."
"Thank you." I could still feel them, so I didn't think it was ordinary.
"That is because it is not."
I heard that in my head, but it was not Inanna's voice. It was masculine, and while not overly loud, seemed thunderous.
I tried to reply, "Who speaks?"
"I am the Lord of the Sky, priestess. You now possess one of my talismans."
I thought for a bit. "Lord An?"
"Yes. My former priestess Enheduanna gave my talisman to you."
Hesitating, I asked, "What is the purpose of feeling their enthusiasm?"
"I am the maker of Kings. For you to rule, you need to understand your effect on others. This is the first time you have spoken to a crowd since then. As you learn, you will become more effective. With my aid, you will become a leader, and soon you will rule all the cities near you."
"All the cities about, are only some of the hundreds in this state. There are fifty states and some other territories that make up this nation. This nation has been stable for lifetimes. Taking rule of a handful of cities would not be accepted, and as strong as I might get, I could not hold out against this nation."
"I see the truth in what you say. I have slept for a long time, and did not see these changes come. Ruling this nation would be even greater, but there might be some difficulties to achieving it."
"Ruling as a king or conqueror would not be accepted by the people. And the tradition here is to rule only for a small span of years. It has served us well, and the people would not like to change that."
"There are other paths to rule."
"I am sorry, Lord An, but I have no desire to rule. I take joy in telling stories, in helping others, in being a warrior, in being a courtesan, and in being adored by fans. Ruling is not something I have ever sought."
An replied threateningly, "You accept my talisman, but reject my patronage?"
I thought for a few moments, and then said, "You are a Kingmaker. You also grant Authority. Kings need Authority, but there are many others that need it as well. Your aura of Authority would go well for when I help others. A while ago, I found myself one of many prisoners. Your Authority would have changed things there and saved a lot of people a lot of trouble and pain. Today, I have been recognized for my expertise. Having Authority with it would make it even more accepted."
He seemed mollified. "You are right, I also grant Authority. I shall think upon your words."
The feeling soon passed as the ceremonies drifted into the awarding of degrees. I noted they were reading off names rapid fire, twelve at a time, and alternating sides. The students were collecting them a row at a time. It took a long time, but still went quickly. They slowed down after the lesser degrees, as there were far fewer greater degrees. Eventually it was over, and we exited.
Once inside, Dr. Burke stopped me and shook my hand. "Welcome, Doctor, to our hallowed halls." Almost immediately, I was surrounded by others who also wanted to welcome me. The other two who had received honorary degrees were likewise welcomed. As I was changing out of the gown and folding it up, an aide handed me an invitation. There was a reception for all new Doctors in the faculty lounge. They had a buffet, a bar, and lots of seating. I mingled a bit then settled into a small sofa and curled my legs under me. I took up the whole thing, so others usually had to stand by my side or sit across from me. I had a fine evening and returned home tired, but happy.
Over the next week, I refrained from using An's power. I spoke with Inanna about it, as well. She suggested I find a way to make An happy. I looked into my town's leadership, I also checked out my union membership. Neither one seemed to appeal to me. Filipe reminded me about our volunteer efforts. With fundraisers, and helping out others, it seemed a better fit to me for An's idea of rule. So I increased my participation in those efforts. One of the ways I helped with fundraising, was to help staff a booth at fairs where I could talk to people about giving, and maybe even speak to a small crowd. I eventually settled on helping out the most with Habitat for Humanity, who always need supplies and volunteers, and the result helps the community by providing housing to the needy.
Over the next several months, I tapped into the Talisman of An when I spoke at the booths. They started to generate more donations and volunteers than expected. In the fall, the top ten fundraisers in the last twelve months were given hang-gliding lessons. While I was only fundraising for half a year, I was in the top ten. So I looked up the sport online, and it looked fun. The only downside was the recommended clothing. That is, lots. So, since I was unlikely to find any in my size, I studied the requirements, and searched for some fabrics I felt would work. That is when I found a wonderful fabric. It put transparent-when-wet bathing suits to shame. It was a high-tech artificial material, woven in a stretchable weave, and the best part was that it was transparent. I felt an invisible outfit was something I just had to try; but it would be too much for this. But the fabric also came in colored shades of partial opacity.
For the inmost layer, I went with a nearly-transparent red, and I made a leotard that was a tad small. When I wore it, I had serious camel-toe. I found it supported my breasts nicely, and due to sneaky tailoring, it followed my skin perfectly, as though it was painted on. Looking in the mirror, my nipples, and my vagina were quite obvious. I then added leggings and sleeves, but did not connect them to the central piece. The leggings went from ankle to just under my crotch, leaving a band of open flesh between the two. The sleeves likewise went from wrist to shoulder, leaving the shoulders bare.
Next, I made pants using a slightly more opaque red. These were a looser fit. Worn on top of the leotard, you could still see everything, but not as easily. The pants had an elastic waistband, making it easily removable. I made a shirt using the original material. The shirt buttoned up. My nipples were fairly visible, but obviously under cloth. For the final layer, I made a wind-breaker using the same fabric as the pants, and a skirt, using the original material. Of course the skirt was short, but with those three layers, you couldn't see my vagina, unless I took the pants off. On top, with three layers, you could make out that I had nipples, but not very well.
I completed the outfit with socks, canvas top sneakers, gloves, goggles, and a helmet. I was now ready for the wind and cold while up in the air, and for teasing on the ground. I drove up the day before to the nearest town and stayed in a motel. Soon after arriving, I went to the pool naked, with just my room key on a lanyard, and swam for an hour. I encountered a few night owls that also wanted to swim.
One man called, "Hey there, are you really naked?"
I just stood up. Being in the shallow end, even my vagina was above the water. "Yeah, it's not easy finding suits that fit, so I sometimes just skip it. Does it bother you?"
"No! I'm fine."
I looked down at his erection, smiled, and said, "So I see." I then did a surface dive to swim to the deep end. On my way back, I aimed for him, and stood up six inches from him. By this time, my nipples were at full mast. "I have a little time. Wanna play?" Apparently, I overloaded him, because he fainted. I picked him up and laid him down at the side before resuming my laps. The other guys decided to just enjoy the show. The two gals were undecided, between jealousy and outrage.
When I left the pool, I went by them and casually said, "I just love teasing the guys, don't you?" I winked at them, and then walked back to my room, wiggling my butt while they could see. In the morning, I dressed, and then checked out. I picked up breakfast on the way.
I arrived half an hour early, carrying my gloves and goggles in my helmet, and my wallet on my leg, I checked in. Others arrived from time to time, and we all chatted, until it was time to start. That was announced by a loud whistle.
"Gather 'round folks. I am Mark Chrzązczykiewiczt, just call me Mark. I will be your lead instructor at the high heavens ranch. Over there are my two assistants, James and Luke. Some call us the saints, but I think it may have something to do with us being holy terrors if you persistently get things wrong. We're here to correct ignorance, not stupidity. If you pay attention, ask questions when needed, follow direction, you will have the time of your life. Now, down to business. Clothing. It's nice and hot down here, but it gets cold in the wind. If you will all gather around James and me, we will check your outfit. Today is Luke's turn to fetch any additional clothing required. Now line up!"
I was in line for Mark. When I got to the front of the line, he said, "Well, missy, that's a very sexy outfit, but is it warm?" He then slid a hand under my shirt a bit to test it.
"At work, I was able to sit in a walk-in refrigerator for over an hour. I could tell it was cold, but was comfortable enough. Oh, and please call me Becky Sue."
After removing his hand, he said, "Well, Becky, you are an odd platypus. Your outfit says you are hunting a man and intend to get him, while testing it in the cold indicates you are serious about learning how to glide. I remember you now. You're the one who called to make sure we could handle someone seven feet something."
"Yes, seven foot three, and more when wearing heels." I winked at him.
"Why would you wear heels? You'd tower over everyone."
"I do anyway, but in a slow dance, holding tight to each other, it leaves my partner at breast height, and I take advantage of it."
He smiled and said, "Oh, you are a man-eater."
"Guilty. Want to come over for dinner sometime? Or as dinner?" I smiled as I added that last bit.
He looked down, "Easy there, little buddy. She's a customer, so it's not playtime."
"I like you. You're fun to tease."
"Beware, I'm known as a ladykiller, myself."
"Even better. We could wrestle, as in mixed wrestling. See who's better."
"I suspect it would be you, but man, I'd die happy."
"Thank you, kind sir."
He sighed. "Unfortunately, I must forgo that pleasure, as I'm just average height. Also, we don't have any rental equipment that will fit your size. Luke, over there, at six foot six, uses the largest size harness, and offered to let you use his spare. We think it will fit, but it's a little more difficult to get on. So he will instruct you today. Okay, enough chit-chat. You're good, so please wait over there. NEXT!"
I moved as indicated, and waited a few minutes as everyone was sorted. One poor young lady came in a bikini. She was rudely informed it was not acceptable attire for hang gliding as it would get quite cold. She wound up in sweatpants and a sweatshirt. They were so baggy; she was a shapeless blob in them. And the colors! Ouch. Makes me glad I did my research first.
Mark called us to order again, and he introduced us to the hang glider. James and Luke would point out the various parts as he described them. He then had them demonstrate how the instructor would hook up the student then themselves in the tandem rig. When the lecture was over, they unhooked themselves. Mark then led us on a walk to the staging area, a quarter mile away. There he introduced another staff member.
"This here is Pyotr. When he heard what they called us, he asked to be called Peter. Say hi everyone." He waited for us, then said, "Okay, split into three groups: one for James, one for Luke, and one for me. Peter, is still learning, and handles the equipment for now."
I went for Luke. He definitely was the tallest of the three. "Hello, I'm Becky Sue, your economy-sized student. Mark said I could borrow your spare harness?"
He looked up, and gulped. "More like jumbo sized. Yeah, one moment while I get it -- Hey Peter, bring my spare harness for the lady!"
When he came up, all he said was, "Woah!" He handed Luke the harness and went back to fetching other equipment.
"Looks like you have everything needed but the harness. Hold up your arms and spread your legs, so I can put it on you." I complied. As he began to put it on me, he realized how transparent my outfit was. Not only did his erection grow, but I am certain he took a few liberties as he adjusted everything. He then instructed me to put my equipment on. Apparently he wanted me to go last. "Watch everyone and see what happens. Either way, you will learn what it is like."
After four went with him, it was my turn. He then led me to the largest hang glider there. He told me what to do, and I did it, with him explaining and correcting me. By the time we finished, I was all hooked in. He walked me to the top of the hill and said, "I'll hook in now." As he did, he explained, "We will run downhill and let the wind catch us. Keep running until you are off the ground a few seconds. And fix your gaze on the horizon."
He finished up. "Okay, let's run!" We started to run. I had to slow up a bit as I covered more with my stride. "Push out a little... better, lean a little to the left, good, you are aiming for that blue circle." He continued to verbally adjust my flight, and just before arriving, he said, "Prepare to flair. On my mark... Mark!" I pushed out and flared. We slowed quickly and stalled three feet up. We dropped, and I landed bending my knees.
"Great landing. Now to unhook." A few moments later we were detached. "Here's how to carry your glider." He directed me in folding it up. When I picked it up, he looked about to ask me to let him carry it, but changed his mind. We walked back up the hill to the side.
At the top, he directed me in setting up the glider. "Keep watching the others and learn from them. I'll be back for round two in a bit." He then went to his next student. As I watched the others, it occurred to me that I sort of knew how to sense air masses and affect winds. I decided to use the former to see how the winds affected the gliders. After a while, I was able to extend it a bit to see a larger amount.
Eventually, it was my turn again. Luke came up to me. "Ready?" I nodded. "Okay, let's see what you remember." He took me to the hang glider and indicated I should hook myself up. When I finished, he said, "Good. You remembered everything. But you still need to adjust this strap, and test you are secure. Now, I'll hook in." He did, and then we went to the launch point. Without a word, he indicated it was time.
I took a moment to settle my sense of air, and evaluate what was in front of me. I then spoke and we ran down the hill. While I kept my eyes on the horizon, and the blue circle, I also kept watch of the air masses, and subtly adjusted my flight to accommodate changes when they came. When I flared to land, I only fell three inches.
"Wow, you're a natural. Let's see if you remembered the rest." I did. Back on the hill, I continued to watch both the people and the air. The third flight, he had me aim for the yellow circle. It was a fair distance further. I made it. The fourth flight, we went for the red one. The fifth flight, he asked Mark, and let me go solo to the red circle. The smaller weight made things different, but not so different I couldn't handle it.
For the last round of flights of the day, Mark said, "Folks, this is your last flight, as the winds will be changing soon with the afternoon reversal. Don't go too high, and most importantly, don't panic."
I was a third of the way to the red circle when I sensed the wind about to change and come strongly from the side. I was already trying to keep height to make the distance, so I turned directly into the oncoming wind. As soon as I aimed into the new wind, it hit. Struggling to steady myself, I shot up into the sky. The winds were still rather chaotic, so I used a little power to control the winds, to steady it a little. By the time it had passed, I was quite high. With the change in wind direction, I would have to go back and forth to go towards the red circle. But I thought I could aim for the launch point. So I headed that way, and a little to the side, so I would not be landing in the midst of people. I made it down safely.
As I unhooked and folded the hang glider, Mark was running towards me. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine, Mark. I kept a weather eye out for the wind. I spotted it just in time. Not sure how I kept it right, but man that was exciting."
"You are one lucky bitch."
"Yeah, the winds got chaotic when it changed."
"I know. That's when it is the most fun. Man vs. Nature, who will win." He paused a bit, and then continued, "Um, don't mention I said that. I'd rather not lose any customers."
"Your secret is safe with me. Now let's get this back." I picked up the hang glider, and we began walking back.
Arriving, everyone started to talk to me. I said, "Let me get my gear off, then we can talk." I gave Luke back his harness, and thanked him for the loan.
Luke said, "Now that you're done for the day, if you want to ditch a layer of clothes, you will be more comfortable. Everyone else has, as you can see."
I looked around and saw a lot of people carrying clothes. Little miss I-want-to-go-in-a-bikini was now back in just a bikini. So I took my shoes off, then the pants and leggings, leaving just the skirt and leotard covering my lower half. I then took off the windbreaker and unbuttoned two buttons from my shirt. While it was easy to see I was wearing something under the shirt, my nipples were somewhat visible through the shirt and leotard. Luke's erection was growing as I faced him. Having purposely kicked my shoes off a little behind me, I turned around and leaned over to put them on. The back of the skirt rose up a fair amount, and Luke no doubt saw part, or all, of my vagina. I peeked, and his erection was quite pronounced. I stood and looked over my shoulder. "Hope you enjoyed the view." I then headed to the crowd.
Mark left the gear in Peter's charge, and had us walk back to the gathering point. I decided to be in the center of the crowd, and I used my power to cause small gusts to blow my skirt up, or my shirt open. When we got there, he said, "Folks, the refreshment bar is open, as is the souvenir stand. I have your certificates. You can dump your stuff in your car and relax to a free lunch."
Some went directly to the bar. I went to my car to dump the extra stuff, and while doing that, undid a third button, and pulled my skirt up an inch. I went and got my lunch, and sat on a lounge facing several guys. We all had little tables to the side, so I sat with my feet a bit apart. I leaned back and closed my eyes, but continued to chat. Every once in a while, I would open my eyes to eat or drink something. But with my constant movement, my clothes covered and uncovered parts of me. Add in the occasional breeze, and I was flashing a lot, without apparently noticing it. After finishing my meal, I had a breeze, somewhat stronger than the others, flip my skirt up completely.
Half an hour later, I got up to go to the bathroom. When I returned, the last button was unbuttoned. I got another drink and lounged as before, except my feet were a bit farther apart. A few minutes later, the shirt blew off one side, and the skirt flipped up. I drank some of my drink before I set it aside and feigned snoozing, so I heard the guys talk about me. A bit later, the wind blew the other side of the shirt off. Only the leotard covered my breasts, and it was nearly transparent. They continued talking for nearly an hour, before people started to leave.
I was the last student, and Mark came to wake me up. Instead, I startled him. "So, ladykiller, enjoy the view?"
"Huh? You're awake?"
"You think I would sleep through that opportunity? I ate it up. Look, my nipples are growing. It's so hard to not show your arousal."
Mark grinned.
"I think I would like some private lessons. You got a brochure?"
"Yeah, I'll get it." He left to get it, but I followed him in. I took my shirt off. We talked about getting me my own harness, and maybe later my own glider. I took a number of brochures, and his card. He walked me to my car.
"Hey, you want to see a neat feature of my car?"
"Okay."
I got in, then hit the super-recline button. As the seat folded flat, I slid the leotard off my shoulders to my waist. I then lay down flat, and pushed it and my skirt down off my hips and took them off. "See? It is big enough to have sex in. Want to give it a spin?"
He looked about, and then started shedding clothes. I placed them on the other seat. He got in and said, "I hope no one sees us."
"Close the door." He looked at me, so I just nodded. He shrugged his shoulders and closed it. I then hit the button for privacy mode. The windows all darkened a bit as they became opaque from outside. "Now the fun begins." We started in earnest. Soon the car was rocking. "Don't worry, it's soundproof."
He didn't last as long as he thought he would, and wound up falling asleep, still sucking my breast. He was still sleeping when Peter came and knocked on the window. I could barely hear him saying, "Dad, you in there? I need to meet my friends at the bar soon. We need to leave."
I shook Mark awake. "Huh?..."
"Your son's outside. Asking for you."
"What's he saying?" I activated the window and rolled it down all the way.
"Dad! Stop playing around, I need to leave." While he sounded a little angry, his eyes were locked on one of my breasts.
"Okay, okay. Give me a moment." He turned to me and said, "Sorry, gotta go." He reached over and put his pants on, completely forgetting his son was watching us. Collecting the rest of his clothes, he opened the door and got out.
I followed him, and gave him a hug, with his face in my breasts, and said, "I'll be seeing you soon." I got back in and returned the seat to its normal position. Looking over at my clothes, I recalled my previous trip naked in the car. I decided to stay naked, and reset the windows to clear and headed home.
While I got many looks, there wasn't any city driving. I pulled in after dark, and found one of Tammy's prepared ready-to-eat meals. While our cook makes excellent meals, I sometimes find myself still hungry, like tonight. So I went back and grabbed two slices of apple pie. That fit the bill. Next up was a shower, then bed, as I had a rather full day.
Over the next few days, Filipe and I spoke about my time in the air. When I mentioned how I used a little of An's gift to help my flying, Filipe suggested I could use it even more to keep me in the air or have more speed. That got me to thinking about the possibilities of flight when the wind serves me. How high could I go? How fast? But even more importantly, was it fun? Eventually, I decided I had fun, but I might have more fun if I got better at it.
I looked into equipment capability, and the length I would use it. I decided working up my skill would be best done on used, but good, equipment. Calling Mark, I sent him some money to get me kitted out with my own hang glider, and also some quality time with private lessons. While the weekend was quite full, with regular classes, midweek, on the other hand, was easy for him. I needed to coordinate with my shooting schedule and other commitments, but I was able to get there once or twice a month, and often for two or three days at a time. The motel got used to my skinny-dipping late at night, and the night clerk often took his break watching or doing me.
I made some additional flight outfits, in different colors, but with the same semi-transparent cloth. Afterwards, I always removed the outer layer, sleeves, and leggings, much to the delight of Mark and Peter. Curiously, I found out that when I used a little bit of power to cause the air to be a bit warmer, that I didn't need three layers. So I tried without the inmost layer. Not only was I warm enough, but it was a hit with the guys, especially after my flight when I took off a layer. Both of them routinely took a turn with me when I dressed that way. One day, since I was comfortable, I decided to try flying in a skirt and shirt only. While Mark thought I might get too cold, I found I did not.
When I finished for the day, I said, "Time to remove a layer." Mark's jaw dropped, as I proceeded to do just that. "You like?" He answered by stripping.
Over the months I took lessons, Mark and Peter taught me everything they knew, and took me to harder places with trickier winds. Even as I learned new skills to fly, I trained myself to understand how the air worked. Being able to directly sense it helped a lot. I also signed up for an online class to learn to forecast the weather, so I could learn the scientific side of things. I learned to recognize where the wind would be the strongest, and how to ride it. When Mike declared that I knew everything he did, I asked him for help getting professional gear. It was time to move up from used gear.
I got top quality equipment, as I wanted to push the limits. I also got recording equipment to document it, so I could show my family. My son, Blake, had gone through a phase of risk taking with hang gliding at college. I thought he might especially enjoy it. Given his adventures as a kid, I am surprised he never broke any bones. He got lots of scrapes and bruises, but no broken bones. I looked for someplace nearby I could use for launching. It turned out the golf course I held the ritual in was actually a fairly good place. The adiabatic winds are fairly steady and regular, and so perfect for gaining altitude.
Calling the course, I negotiated to get permission, and for the low price of a mid-level membership, they let me do it. Not only could I use some land just off the freeway for launching and landing, but I could also play one round a month for free, and more at a discount. That location wasn't too useful for them, but they let me rent (at a discount) a cart for the day to get there. I also kept up wearing my flight clothes. After some hours flying, I would head for the clubhouse to relax. They remembered me, and I found if I parted my legs, I was sure to have someone eat me out. By the time I finished my meal, my shirt was unbuttoned, often with one or two guys on the side playing with a breast or two. I also had dessert afterwards, usually in the men's room.
By the time fall had arrived, I was considered a fixture at the course. My meals at the bar were an 'attraction'. It was then that the winds began in earnest, and I meant to use them to push the limits. I even got permission to mount a hook at the far edge of the property. It was planted in a rocky area, and planted deep. With a strong nylon rope, I could soar into the sky like a kite if I faced the wind while holding the rope. The rope was only about two hundred feet, but I would rise so fast, I could release it and gain another fifty feet before I had to correct for being untethered. Some of my golf-playing fans started calling it a 'launch' after they learned I played Kitty Galore.
That first time in the fall, I wanted to gauge the winds, so I didn't try to go high, but I did go in and out of the winds to learn them. The second time, however, I wanted to push it a bit. I tried to use as little power as possible for height, and found when I got back down that I had made it to over four thousand feet. When I got home, I found that to get higher, I should have supplemental oxygen. I spent some time in the shop mounting a small bottle, and making a delivery system I could control with my mouth. My next trip up, I tested it. It took three trips before it was working to my satisfaction.
It was nearing the end of the windy season, so I decided to go for broke. When I got up near four thousand feet, I used my power over the winds to cause not only rising winds, but to also make the area close to me denser, so I would not need the oxygen. When I noticed most of the mountains were below, I looked and saw I was about six thousand feet up. Yet, I did not need the oxygen. So I pushed on. The tallest peak in the area was five hundred feet higher, and I wanted to be above it. When I was sure I was above, I checked and found myself at seven thousand. I wondered if I could make the record.
Calming my thoughts, I located the air mass most suitable for lift, and headed into it. I knew I had to more than double my height, so I used a bit more power to keep me rising. When I thought I was twice the mountain's height, I looked and learned I was only eleven thousand feet up. I guess the Earth's curvature was fooling my sense of distance. I wanted to get to eighteen thousand. So I decided to try for three times their apparent height. I was wondering if I would need to use the oxygen soon, but the air about me stayed comfortable.
When I finally reached my goal, I found I was drifting east over the mountain. Curiosity got the better of me, and I decided to go even higher. The ascent was steady, but after an hour, the sky was getting a little darker. Deciding to head back down, I checked the altimeter, and saw I had just crossed thirty thousand feet. Descending for a bit, the winds suddenly changed. They were no longer at my control, and were sending me up, fast. The air remained breathable. Ahead, I thought one cloud was moving to meet me. How could that be? The wind was against it. A minute later, there was no longer any question.
The wind sent me into the cloud, and into a vast cave like space on its upper side. Then the wind died, and with it, my movement. I thought for sure I would fall through, when suddenly, I felt my feet pushing against the cloud. Smoothly, the spongy cloud seemed to thicken into a floor under my feet. I thought to ask Inanna if she knew anything. "Queen Inanna, I am standing in and on a cloud. Do you know what might be happening to me?" There was silence. I tried again, with a little more effort, but nothing.
Worried, I tried reaching out with my divine senses, and found I could feel an extremely strong presence nearby, but I could not feel beyond the cloud. So I spoke out, "Hello?"
I wait a minute, and then said, "Hello? Who are you?"
Just as I was about to speak again, I heard a thunderous voice say, "You come into my domain using my power, and you do not know me."
Suddenly it hit me. I bowed and said, "Lord An, I did not realize I had come so far. Please forgive me."
"Respect. Good. Tell me, why have you have come. Did you seek some boon from me?"
"No, Lord. I came for the pleasure of flight. These wings behind me allow a form of flight, but dependent on the winds and my skill. I have recently mastered it, and wanted to see my limits, and the limits your power would grant me. The view from the sky humbles me."
I saw a mist gather in front of me, about ten feet away. It gathered density, color, and form. Soon, I saw it become human shaped. The mist solidified into a man. He was nearly six feet tall, bare chested, and broad shouldered, but dressed as a Sumerian king. He wore a horned crown, and a fair amount of jewelry. His beard was thick, and well groomed. He clearly worked out or was blessed with a perfect physique. "Remove those wings, and stand before me."
I carefully unhooked myself, and as I walked toward him, he seemed surprised at my height. He gestured and said, "Go into the next room. It is better for discussion." I walked into the corridor that formed in front of me. When I entered the room, he said, "Sit on the left." It was clear his seat was on the right, as it was a throne. Just as I sat, I felt his mind whammy me, instructing me to forget his size. However, my mind was stronger than that compulsion. When I looked at him, I saw he was eight feet tall, and I realized the throne was sized for him before I arrived. I crossed my legs to show I was relaxed.
"What am I to do with you? If I punish you, Inanna will be annoyed. Yet you come uninvited. Others have pierced my domain, but are quickly in space beyond the sky. Some stay for a bit, but none acknowledge me."
"Well, speak."
"My lord, if you were to invite me, to enjoy a visit with you, then I would not be uninvited, just early. I know it is your power that sustains me in this thin air, and for that, I thank you." I then pulled a Sharon Stone and slowly uncrossed my legs and crossed them the other way. As my seat was normal human size, that meant he got a clear view of my vagina. Of course, my flight suit didn't hide much, but it was clear he was looking.
Almost inaudibly, he said, "Well, it has been quite a while since I had one of her priestesses." I could barely hear him mumble, but the acoustics were perfect. In a more normal voice, he said, "Let us see your skill." He gestured to one wall, and it evaporated, revealing a large bed. "I 'invite' you into my bed."
"Yes, my Lord." I slowly stood up, and began a striptease. Not easy with only two semi-transparent items of clothing, but I did my best. Slowly, I walked up to him swaying my hips, and playing with each breast in turn, causing my nipples to extend fully. Stopping in front of him, my body continued to sway. Two seconds later, I turned and slowly headed for the bed. Halfway there, I looked over my shoulder with a 'come hither' look. I swayed all the way there, wiggling my butt sensuously. Climbing onto the bed on all fours, I went into the center and stopped. I gave one last wiggle of my butt, then got on my back and spread my legs. Crooking my finger at him, I 'called' him over. By this time, he had a serious erection, and seemed entranced as I continued to play with my breasts, and added touching my vagina.
He got up, and as he walked over, his clothing evaporated. That was cool. He came onto the bed and pushed me down, so he could lay on me. It was clear he wanted to be dominant, and wanted me to know it, so I played the submissive, but with a touch of orneriness to indicate I wasn't tame. I also noticed he had a fourteen-inch cock. I had never encountered one that long, but hey, he's a god. My only worry was if he would fit all the way in. Turns out he almost did. Only about an inch remained. When I realized he was going to pound me, I quickly placed a hand in front of my vagina, so I could wrap his long cock as it went in. Each time he thrust, he went all the way. With my hand adding two to three inches, he was able to shove hard without ramming my insides. With my other hand, I distracted him, so he would not realize my trick. I also got him squishing my tits and pulling my nipples.
While it might seem as though I was just acting, I wasn't. Sometimes I like it rough, and I had long ago learned to direct my partner into pleasing me even as I pleased him. I got a bit of a shock when he came, literally. I actually felt the discharge all the way from my vagina to my nipples when he came. That he didn't deflate after coming didn't surprise me, nor that he came again quickly. In fact, he came seven times before he let up. Each time, it seemed the shock was greater. Maybe that was why I came hard each time he did. He lay down beside me, not quite so stiff, but no longer fully erect.
"You are indeed skilled. And you have great endurance. You also handled my power well. She has chosen well. So tell me what your first time with the divine was like? Did you enjoy me?"
Oh, dear. I've had sex with Inanna a number of times. "My Lord, I have never had sex with one so well-endowed. I was so filled up; I thought I might not be able to withstand your divine member. But my Lady has taught me to clean up after."
"What do you mean?"
"Look to your mighty shaft. It is slick with the residue of our pleasure. If I may, I can lick it clean for you." Suddenly he was erect. "Seems like the idea appeals to you. Shall I?"
"Yes. Service me."
I turned around, and with my ass nearly in his face, I began licking his shaft, from the base to the tip. After he was cleaned, I continued, but this time extending my tongue to begin wrapping it. I also put the tip in my mouth to suck on it. After a bit of this, he interrupted.
"Huh? What's going on? It feels like I'm all the way in your mouth, but that can't be. I would stick out the back of your head!" He sort of sat up, and did raise his head to see what I was doing. "What is that?" He pulled me off, so I pulled my tongue back in.
"My Lord, I am gifted with a long tongue. I have learned to use it well."
"How long is it?"
Sitting back up and facing him, I slowly extended it until the tip was centered between my breasts. I then curled the end, and began to lick a nipple.
"I have never seen one so long. You are able to wrap my dick with that?"
"Yes, Lord, but only your dick. I cannot also wrap your balls, as I sometimes do with lesser examples of manhood."
"You can wrap both?"
"Usually." Illustrating with my hands, I said, "My husband is this long, and he enjoys it mightily."
"If only there was a way to experience it."
I wondered why he didn't just change his size, and then I realized he needed to be larger than me. Then I remembered the library. "My Lord, there may be a way to almost do it. If I take you all the way into my throat, I could wrap your balls with my tongue."
"You must show me. Do it now!"
I felt the thunder in his voice. "I must invert myself above it. I must hold your hips to stay in position. May I?" He nodded. I got off the bed, placed my hands, and jumped into an inverted split facing him. I used my legs to keep balance. "Experience and be pleasured." With that, I angled my arms to lower my head onto him. I used my tongue to guide him in, and I slithered down it even as I lowered myself further. I could feel it when he went into my throat, but I just kept going. At the halfway point, I was able to wrap his balls. I continued to lower myself. I made it all the way to the base, and I applied suction, and I pulsed my tongue to excite him.
I clearly saw the pleasure on his face. Time to turn it up a notch. I straightened my arms until I was as far as possible, while also keeping his balls wrapped. Then back down. I maintained suction all the way up and down. By this time, I had learned to breathe using Inanna's bypass while maintaining a strong suction, and I did my best here. I sped up my pulsing while also moving up and down faster. I felt him tremble, and then suddenly he was shooting his load and sparks into me. Even as my nipples generated sparks, I swallowed and continued bobbing, and milking everything I could. Since he had come several times before, I didn't stop, but did my best to keep him going. He came again. My nipples sparked even more. I saw him looking at me in wonder, but I kept going. My extensive exercise routine was certainly paying off. When he came the fifth time, I decided that was enough. I had seen the sparks from my nipples getting close to the intensity they sparked in the ritual, and I did not want to have lightning come from me, again.
I pushed my arms straight, letting my tongue return to my mouth. Leaning to the side, I let my body return to the floor and I stood. I then got on my knees and brought my head close to his. I opened my mouth.
"You were able to keep some?"
I closed my mouth, swallowed, and said, "Yes, Lord. I hope I have pleased you."
"You have both pleased and impressed me. Come, lay beside me." I crawled into bed, and he placed an arm around my shoulder, so I cuddled like a normal woman, and placed a hand on his chest.
"When we first talked, you made me angry by spurning kingship. You soothed my feeling by pointing out I also granted authority. Since then, I have spoken with Inanna about you. She told me you had been candid with her, even when you disagreed with her. She has also found your words to be wise. Her advice was that I listen, and seek the truth of what you say before getting angry. This is not something easy for me, yet since you chose to soothe my feelings, I felt I should at least consider your words.
"The world has changed, and the people with it. There is little place in it anymore for true kings, and even then, their rule is usually limited for fear of their population turning against them. For that, I mourn. So I looked to see how rulership does exist. I found there is very little, but sometimes small groups grant rulership to an individual over the group for the part of life the group is about. Such people as union bosses, company presidents, and others have this kind of rulership. Such leaders can be dethroned, but then so could kings of old. I shall embrace this new way as I must.
"More troubling is your lack of desire to be a queen. It bothered me. I had given you a small measure of power, and you did not desire to become a queen. For months, I was bothered, until I remembered that you are also my priestess, as unintended as it was. One of the purposes of such is to support ones who rule or seek to rule. My priests, as my representatives, are kingmakers. Your recent activity to support the group building homes for the poor is a step in that direction. You have used the small authority I have granted you to convince the people to support your goals. You have used it well.
"When at last I accepted that you were trying to be my priestess, and doing well at it, I began to think of you as a priestess. It has been a long time, but I remembered what I did in the old times. I tested them, so I needed to test you. Such testing involved them going on a journey into the wilderness, away from people, where I briefly sent power into them to see what they could handle. I began to consider how to get you to go on a journey away from people, and find that people are nearly everywhere on Earth. You also live a very full life with duties that allow you little time for such a lengthy journey. So I have watched and waited for you to have a few weeks off so that I could test you.
"Then you came here, into my domain. I realized it was an opportunity to test you. While I did not intend to have sex with you at first, I found your outfit made you very desirous, and I felt my loins stir. I was still a little miffed with you, so, knowing you also served Inanna, I decided to see how well you served her. I had no idea. That first shock was not intended. But you carried on as though it didn't bother you. In a moment of clarity, I realized I could use such shocks for testing you. Normally, I would strike them with lightning, each time becoming more powerful, to test their capacity. In the past, no priest was ever willing to take more than six increases in power.
"I decided that I would treat that first shock as my first test, even if it was a little weaker than usual. My second shock, however, was the normal one for the second testing, as were the next five. I stopped then, having determined you were strong, but you didn't quit. You then made me come again, so I increased the power again to see what you would do. You continued to make me come; even knowing you would be shocked. That impressed me as much as how you were doing it."
He was silent for a while, but I noticed his hand, resting on my breast, was still playing with my nipple. "You have tested me. What have you concluded?"
"I have never had a priest or priestess as strong as you. You are also wise, if impertinent. I shall grant you power commensurate with the capability you have shown this day."
"Thank you, my Lord. You are merciful. I do have a request."
"As I said, impertinent. What is it?"
"No human now living knows your rituals, nor the powers of your order. Will you teach me as Inanna has taught me hers?"
"Are we so little known?" I just nodded. "Then I shall grant your desire. Meditate upon my talisman, and you be trained as Enheduanna was. Summon it now."
While I did not know how, I expected it to be similar to how I summoned Inanna's symbol, so I did the same, but focused on An's talisman. I felt a zap, and it was in my hand.
"Good. Hand it to me." I did. As he held it, it began to glow and spark. Suddenly, a spark leapt from his forehead into it. Then the glow and sparking died, and he returned it. "I have also added training for the more advanced powers that she did not have." He was silent for a while. While I had many questions, I felt that I should learn what I could from the talisman first, so I stayed quiet. Finally, he said, "It is time for you to leave." He then transformed into mist.
Fearing that this place might solidity, I quickly left the bed and dressed, then went to my hang glider. As I was strapping in, I realized I had no place to put the talisman, and I could not carry it. I ended up stuffing it down my shirt and doing all the buttons. Once in position, I called out, "I am ready." As I suspected, a wind picked me up and sent me out of the cloud. First thing I did was to check the GPS to see where I was.
We had traveled over two thousand miles. The mountains below me were the Appalachians, not the Rockies. And I knew the wind was against me. It would take many hours, perhaps days, to travel in a hang glider. So I went westward and settled into a simple flight. After an hour, covering less than fifty miles, I decided to see if any of my new powers could help me. It would require I meditate even as I flew. It was hard, but I was able to get into a state where I could do both. I sought out a way to travel fast. That is when I learned about a teleportation-like ability. The very same one Enheduanna's talisman used to come to me.
I learned that it could be used to travel towards anything you could see, or to a place you had been. It had some significant limitations. The distance traveled depended on the power of the priestess, and Enheduanna was only strong enough to go three days-worth of walking, or about thirty miles. The other was that you needed to rest a bit before you could do it again. She did not know how long it took, as she rarely used it. I studied these memories, and then left my trance and focused on calling forth the power to head west with my hang glider as far as I could see. Triggering it, I found my nipples sparking and the talisman responding. Then suddenly, I became pure electricity. It lasted but a moment, but I saw we had traveled quite far.
I did my best to inspect the hang glider, and saw no problems. I also felt somewhat drained from the travel, so I decided to glide for a while before trying it again. My anxiety about returning late made me try after only fifteen minutes. Again, I crossed a vast distance, and felt a little drained. As I did not see mountains, I repeatedly did this until I did, each time waiting fifteen to twenty minutes to recharge. I also noticed I was getting tired, but I knew I would be worn out by the flight without this power, so I accepted it without complaint.
Although the mountains were less than forty miles from me, I was too far north. Using the GPS, and my recollection of the topographical maps, I identified where I needed to go, so I made one last effort. Moments later, I was high over the same mountain I rose above this morning. Checking the altimeter, I saw I was at nearly twenty-five thousand feet, so I started down, dumping altitude like crazy, as I wanted to land quickly. When I was no longer higher than the mountain, I started to pull up slowly. That is when I realized I was almost in free fall. Taking care, I managed to eventually pull into near level flight, only thirteen hundred feet up. It took another five minutes to land, where I began this journey. I felt quite tired.
I disconnected from the hang glider, and sat down of the golf cart to rest. After fifteen minutes, I got back up and started packing up, folding the glider and putting it on the cart. I unbuttoned my shirt and took the talisman out. I carefully hid it within the folds of the glider's wings. I then drove to the clubhouse. It was late, but I was welcome as usual. I ordered three big burgers, just like the ones I had after the ritual. I was so out of it, I was on my second burger before I noticed someone was eating me out, and two guys were on either side playing with my breasts. At least my body knew what to do. My nipples were a full two inches, and I was very wet below. As an orgasm hit me, I just stopped chewing for a bit, then resumed after it was over. Thinking about that, I realized I had already had two while eating the first burger.
I was sufficiently tired; I didn't want to get up to have sex in the men's room. So instead, I used a little of Inanna's power to cause someone to do me here. It worked better than I expected, as three men did me on that bar stool. I thanked each, told everyone I had to leave, and then paid my bill. I tipped the bartender well. I was halfway home before I realized I had never buttoned up my shirt. I was in bed after a long shower, contemplating my day, when I suddenly realized that when I left An's cloud, I didn't use some power to warm the air and make it dense. I decided to check into it tomorrow, and instead held Filipe close as I drifted off to sleep.
My plans were interrupted when my agent woke me with a call. I now had an appointment with a producer for 'Space Kitty III'. My life got so busy that I wasn't able to check on the hang glider recording until the next weekend. Analyzing the data, I learned that I teleported just over six hundred miles. I also confirmed that the air pressure on the return trip should have made me lose consciousness in under a minute. It was also below freezing. Yet my skimpy outfit felt comfortable. I did not notice the cold or the thinness of the air. The most shocking thing was finding out my express trip downstairs went nearly two hundred miles an hour, yet the wind speed on the craft never went above fifty.
I decided not to fly this weekend, but instead meditate on the talisman to learn. I returned to my room, undressed, applied sunscreen, and went out to the balcony. There I got into a meditative pose and summoned the talisman. Using a little of his power, I lifted it with wind to hover in front of my chest. I closed my eyes and began to meditate. I learned many things, including the fact that An's priests had an air blessing. This blessing protected them from foul air, sandstorms, and such. I realized it was this that had protected me after I passed An's test. I also learned that his more powerful priests could affect local weather to a degree. Looking into An's additions, I thought I could affect a very large area and to a greater degree. If I am right, the size limit is my teleport limit, I thus I could affect a six hundred-mile radius area.
I was brought out of my meditation by Filipe shouting my name. I opened my eyes and looked down at him. I wondered why he was by the pool. Then I realized I was over it hovering about fifteen feet up. The talisman was sparking, as were my nipples. For a moment, I panicked until I realized I was not falling. Calming down, I thought about it, and came to the conclusion I was somehow tapping An's power to do this. So I willed myself to go to Filipe. When next to him, I unfolded from my lotus position and dropped my feet to the ground. I then thought, and sent the talisman back to my bedroom, where I usually kept it.
"Hello, I hope I didn't scare you."
"I didn't know you could do that."
"Neither did I. While quite intriguing, I don't think I will ever publicly use it. Too many questions, don't you think?"
"Yeah. But what's happening with your tits?"
In that short span of time, I had forgotten about them. I willed them back to passivity and watched them stop sparking, then relax from being at full mast. "I think that is a secondary effect of using his power. This is the fourth time it happened." I touched my nipples, and they felt normal, not sore. "It seems when I use a lot of his power, they light up."
"Isn't that painful?"
"After the first time, I couldn't touch them, and wearing clothes was painful. Now, they feel normal."
"What were you doing up there?"
"I don't know why I was over the pool, because I started meditating on the balcony outside our room. An said to meditate on the talisman to learn about being a priest, so I did. I will need a lot more time to fully understand it all, but I can give you some highlights." We spoke for over an hour, and I demonstrated some of my new skills. I didn't tell him everything, in part because I didn't know, and in part it felt intensely personal. I knew I would tell him everything he wanted to know, as I had what Inanna gave me, but I wasn't ready yet.
It took longer than I expected, as the new sequel was consuming a lot of my time. Since I commissioned the first script, and wrote the second, I became the space cat-girl expert. Everyone wanted my input. When I grumbled about it near the producer, he overheard, and offered me the title of Associate Producer. He also let slip the pay would be in addition to my acting role. With my new title, everyone congratulated me. What I hadn't expected was that my opinions started carrying more weight.
Eventually, things settled out. The script called for the ship's engine to malfunction, causing our ship to have a controlled crash into the Sierra Madre Mountains, near Mexico City. While finding random supporting actors with mountain climbing experience is easy enough, they could not replace me. This meant that I had to learn mountain climbing. So, for several weeks, I spent my days learning to climb, and the evenings I spent with Associate Producer minutia. Filipe made a few trips to spend the night with me. He brought some special treats from our cook each time.
The site selected for the 'crash' was at the top of a three hundred foot climb. However, at the back side, was an access road. So while we had to climb it at least once, for most of the scenes we could be driven to the site. The actual climb was scheduled to be last, just in case. We did film us going up ten feet or so to imply making the whole climb. To repair our ship, we needed to visit high-tech places like science labs. The special-effects guys love their work and went all out for this part. Captain Galore got permission to access these places by having lots of sex.
When it came time for the climb, I and two of my spaceship crew made the climb to the ship. Drones filmed us from above and below. When I could, I kept my legs parted, so the camera could get upskirts of me. I also used my air control to make the air very calm, so it wouldn't be a hindrance to our climb. When our headsets finally called 'cut' after we finished the climb, the two ladies lay down, clearly tired. I went over to the refreshment table and got sports drinks for all three of us. I kept them company until they got back up.
While post-production put in their part, including retractable claws for our climb, Filipe chose to join me, watching from off-screen. When the shooting was over, my involvement had essentially ended. Filipe and I spent the next two weeks being tourists. I chose to see what I could do to affect the weather. Not wanting to hurt anyone, I strove to change the timing, and path of storms. It seemed I could go farther than six hundred miles.
In the middle of the first week, there was a powerful storm to the south. The land it was over was essentially unpopulated. I used my teleport to head into the area. First, I tried to see if I could affect the lightning. It was hard, as their power is huge, and I had to use great will to change their path. Next, I tried to lessen the rain. I could feel a buildup of pressure in the clouds, but the rainfall slowed, and over me, it even stopped. Not wanting trouble, I allowed it to release. Fifteen minutes later, it had settled down. It was time to make it rain hard. I caused it to come down in a torrential rainfall. I could feel the clouds emptying, so I released my control. The rain eased up.
Waiting for the storm to pass a few miles and allow a fresh area near me, I worked on creating a tornado. It took a bit of effort, but my knowledge of weather allowed me to efficiently change the winds to cause them to spin. I released it, and it continued, so five minutes later, I worked to undo the tornado. It was far harder, as the tornado actually strengthened the blowing winds. I had to starve it of energy before it heeded my command. When it finally stopped spinning, I continued to keep the air calm. Eventually, I released it, but kept a watch for another fifteen minutes to see that it didn't restart.
I returned after midnight to hide my sudden arrival. On the last day we expected to stay, word came that a nasty tropical storm heading our way was upgraded to a hurricane. I told Filipe to go, but that I wanted to stay and see if I could blunt its effect. He made me promise to stay inside when the shelter orders came. The hurricane built up over the gulf, and built up to a Category 4 the day before landfall. At dusk, I locked and blocked my hotel door. I then stripped and began to concentrate on the storm through the glass doors of the balcony. I left them closed in case I got too distracted. Previously, I had learned that glass, even thick glass like these doors, did not impair my senses.
The system was over four hundred miles away, and over a thousand wide. I could not feel it in its entirety, but the main portion was within my range. Forecasters sent planes through it to learn how it worked, but I could sense it directly. They would get detailed, accurate data where they went, while I got a more general feel. In all, I think I got the better read, since I could see it in real time and in total. I could sense the currents that fed the system. Setting my will against the storm, I pushed hard to change those currents. I found they were very strong, so I pushed harder. Feeling the slightest change, I was encouraged, so I pushed my will even more, and over a greater area. Suddenly, my nipples started sparking.
I considered the millions of lives in danger, and used my desire to help them, to push my will even more. The sparks became near continuous. I also felt the currents change, and spread the influx of energy to a much wider area. I could feel the effort I needed was tremendous, and I knew I could not keep it up. So I allowed my will to relax to the previous level. One of the key tenants of exercise is that endurance is best achieved when you don't go all out. By cutting back, I was actually extending my effect. After an hour, I felt I could not maintain any more effort, so I released my control. I started a bath, and settled in to let my mind rest. I set an alarm for an hour.
My alarm woke me. I dried myself off with a towel, and again took my place looking upon the storm. This time, I summoned my talisman before starting. Placing it on my lap, I began as before, ratcheting up my control. When my nipples started sparking, the talisman responded by rising on its own, and it too began to glow and spark. I noticed the sparking was more intense, and my effect seemed a bit greater. I pushed that extra amount, but used the extra power to bring it into land quicker. Since the largest influx of energy comes from the water, being over land should reduce its power. I was able to maintain this extra level for nearly five minutes before I cut back. I felt it had moved significantly towards land with my effort. At the lesser level, I was able to hold for nearly an hour and a half before I had to quit.
Time for another bath. After a few minutes, I summoned Inanna's symbol. I used a tiny amount of her power to begin its healing of my mental and physical stress. I forgot to set the alarm, but I noticed the cold water after forty-five minutes. I got out refreshed. I dried off, and resumed again. This time, Inanna's symbol was resting between my breasts, and An's in my lap. When I went to max level, my nipples were sparking near continuously, but I noticed Inanna's symbol was pulsing in time to my heartbeat. It was nearly dark, so I tried to push the storm even more over land as I starved it. I thought I would only last at this level a few minutes, but I was able to last nearly an hour. Relaxing to the lesser level, I was uncertain how long I could last. I surprised myself when I had to quit three hours later.
Before I headed for the bath again, I turned on the news to learn about the storm. It didn't take long to find out what was happening. The hurricane's power was down to a Category 3, and looked like it would go to a Category 2 overnight. There was speculation at the speed of the storm, but all were glad it was losing power. I was in the bath, after setting the alarm, when I realized Inanna's talisman was still pulsing. I chose to ignore that for now. I let sleep claim me, and woke to the alarm. The pulsing was gone, and I felt refreshed.
This time, when I powered up, I felt Inanna's symbol focus on me even as An's talisman focused on the hurricane. Both began to glow, and the sparks were even stronger and continuous. Again, I lasted about an hour before cutting back for another three hours. I turned on the news again, and learned it was now down to a Category 1. I decided I had done enough, so I unblocked the door then headed for bed to sleep. After fifteen minutes, I got out of bed and closed all the blinds to make It as dark as I could. A minute later, I noticed a glow coming from my chest area. I knew I was still wearing Inanna's symbol, so I sent it and An's talisman back. The glow didn't go away. I felt my chest and the symbol was definitely gone, so I looked.
My nipples were still at full mast, and were glowing. Carefully I touched one and felt nothing unusual. I decided to ask for advice. "Queen Inanna, something strange is happening with my body. I need some advice."
"Let us -- You've done it again. Your body is overloaded with power, yet it appears you are trying to sleep. What happened?"
I explained what I had done. "Impressive. While I do not understand the true power of a hurricane, I do know it dwarfs ordinary storms. I do not know why the power makes your nipples spark, but I do know others who have sustained their power as you did have had similar glowing. When power is strongly used, it tends to show its use in some manner. Apparently yours is sparking nipples. Usually the glow goes down within the hour, but the level of power in your body makes me think it will be hours before they stop glowing. Until then, any use of power will likely extend that time. Your body needs rest, and the excess power will dissipate with time."
"That is part of the problem. I cannot sleep despite being up all night."
"Is that the only thing you need?"
"Yes. Sleep will restore me."
"Then sleep." I felt her will calm my mind, and I fell instantly asleep.
It was dark when I woke. I wanted to see the storm. Opening the blinds, I saw we were in the middle of a thunderstorm. My sense of the storm was that while still significant, it was no longer a hurricane, so I opened the doors and stepped out onto the balcony. I wasn't worried about lightning, as I had seen the lightning rods on the hotel earlier. The rain felt wonderful on my naked body. Suddenly, I sensed a lightning strike forming overhead, and I also felt a response within me. Not sure of what this meant, I was about to go back inside, when the lightning struck me. Somehow it had avoided the hotel's protection and entered me. My nipples instantly popped out to full mast, and glowed. Yet it seemed as though that is all it did. I went in and closed the door.
Despite being quite clean, I decided to start a bath. When I reached for the faucet, there was a huge spark from my hand into the metal nearly a foot away. It stung, and I quickly pulled my hand back to examine it. Nothing. Then I noticed my nipples were not glowing, either. I reached out again, and only got a tiny shock, as though I shuffled my feet on a carpet to zap someone. I filled the tub and chose to relax. An hour later, I realized I was very hungry. I got out and phoned in an order for room service, but for two hot dinners, and two cold ones. I unlocked the door and went back to the tub.
Dinner was announced by a knocking. I called out "Enter," and then got out of the tub. Entering the room, I saw two waiters staring at me. "I'm famished. Please finish setting the table."
"Y... Y... You're naked."
"Four. You got four."
"Yes boys and I am hungry. Please get at least one set out, so I can begin eating." I dried off and let the towel drop.
Eventually a place was set, so I sat and began to eat. I was nearly finished with the first hot dinner when I realized they were done and waiting for a tip. "Gentlemen, as you see, I don't have anything on me for a tip at the moment, but if you don't mind waiting, I'll be glad to have sex with both of you." This got their attention. "In the meantime, why not stand on either side of me and play with my breasts. It won't bother me, and it will pass the time." They quickly positioned themselves on either side. As expected, in less than a minute, one was also playing with my vagina. I continued to eat, even as I had three orgasms while eating four meals. "Come with me."
I led them to the bed, and I lay in the center with my head at the foot. "Strip. You, the tall one, climb the bed and stick your dick in me. And you, next to him, I want to deepthroat you. You can trade off after you each have come." Soon they were pounding away at me, and I was doing all I could to pleasure them. In time, I had them swap. When they came a second time, I sent them to get dressed and clean up the dinner. I saw them to the door and headed back to bed. I instantly fell asleep.
"You continue to impress me."
I know I am dreaming, yet I am in the cloud throne room. I bow, and say, "Lord An, if you mean diminishing the great storm, I was curious, and successful results would be a better outcome for millions."
"That was beyond impressive. I refer to the lesser storm. Other priests have created such storms, never have they stopped one. And the speed with which you did it. Only the most experienced ones were able to be that quick, yet you did it on your first try. Do you have any idea how you managed it?"
"Yes, my Lord. In this age, we understand how weather works in detail. We cannot yet manipulate it, but we understand what must be done to do so. When I learned you granted me this power, I studied this knowledge. For the tornado I created, I applied this knowledge, aiming it with the senses you grant me to see the air. To stop it, I applied the same knowledge, but to opposite effect."
"Did you use this on the greater storm also?"
"Yes. The scale was far larger, and the effort was rather extreme. I needed some of Inanna's healing to maintain the level of effort as long as I did."
"So why did you not finish the job and end it?"
"In the old times, unexplained weather just meant the gods were involved, or that weather was beyond mortal understanding. In this age, with our understanding, unexplained weather is a cause for concern and study. Our age also records much, including the weather. As it is, some questions have already come. Had I stopped the storm, there would be far more questions, and the interest in getting the answers would be far stronger. While my hand in this is unlikely to be known, the more people who are looking, the more likely something will be found. I do not want that kind of attention."
"Interesting. Inanna has mentioned your dislike of attention for divine things, yet she is clearly fond of you. I shall keep an eye on you." With that, the dream ended.
The next day, I felt refreshed, so I made plans to go home. The flight would leave the next day, so I enjoyed the amenities of the hotel. While there was a lot of damage around, the city recovered quickly, and by the evening all the major roadways were open and power was restored to almost everyone. The hotel, having its own backup power, did not suffer a significant loss of power, and continued serving its customers in style.
While the airport had its own chaos, my height aided me, both in seeing where to go, and in people's instinctual reaction to give space to those much larger than you. I arrived early, and was at the gate with time to kill. Some fans recognized me, so I started autographing things, and letting others pose with me for selfies. The plane was ascending when I overheard a mother and son in front of me talking about the shapes they saw in the clouds. That gave me an idea.
By the time the three-hour flight was over, I had managed to make some recognizable objects. I made sure they didn't last, but the kid saw a castle, a truck, a horse, a fire hydrant, and a few more things. I made sure to take a few pictures.
Filipe met me and drove me home. The next day, going through my mail, I saw I had received a telegram a few days ago. Most unusual in this modern era. I opened it and learned that John Maxwell's older brother Jack has been reported killed climbing Mount Everest. He asked me to attend a wake in England later today. I am one of only a few close friends he has.
"Filipe, I think I must leave almost immediately for England."
"So soon?"
"Yes, a dear friend's older brother has died, and he is the last of the family. He needs what friendship he can get."
"I'd better call the travel agency then."
"Don't. There is not enough time. I'm going to have to use divine methods to get there. I'm going to pack now. Can you grab five thousand from the safe? If there is any English currency there, get some of that. I don't want to leave an electronic trail."
"Okay. You can tell me about it later."
First thing I did was pick out a set of clothes for the wake, and two sets for after. I then packed them in waterproof bags, and placed them inside another waterproof bag inside a knapsack. I changed into a set of tourist clothes, including all weather shoes. I didn't bother buttoning up the shirt and left it wide open. Filipe met me in our bedroom, so I put the cash in my purse, and the knapsack on my back. Walking out to the balcony, I kissed Filipe goodbye.
I looked at my phone to get a good direction to aim, and then I set it to airplane mode and placed it in my purse. Summoning An's talisman, I then concentrated on having the air carry me. Filipe eyes popped as my nipples started to spark, and I started to levitate. I said, "Goodbye," and blew him another kiss. Then I used the teleportation power. This trip called for a great distance, so I concentrated real hard to go as far as I could. I aimed for two miles up and as far to the east as I could go. Filipe later told me my body suddenly glowed, and lightning sprung from my nipples just as I disappeared.
I found myself high in the air, over the Great Plains somewhere. I rested a few moments to gather my wits and note what was about. I saw some airplanes about, including some above me. I made my next stop four miles up and east-north-east to my limit. Looking about, all the planes I saw were below me. After a brief rest, I went east-north-east again. Below me was ocean, to the west I saw land a fair distance away. I changed my direction to east until I hit land again. It took several teleports, or zaps as I thought of them, but I finally found myself over land. But where was I? I made a short teleport up to fifteen miles, so that I could look down and see if I recognized anything.
I did. I was over Spain. I aimed along the northern coast to as far as I could see and teleported. This time I could see England. I made London my next stop. While I could not see it, I could feel the air about it as being more polluted and warmer. I arrived only a mile above London. I looked for a tall building with a helipad, preferably a hospital. I figured that would be the easiest way to get down to the street without notice. Finding one, I teleported down. Dismissing the power, I buttoned up and looked about. There was a witness. I looked him in the eye and said, "Forget seeing me arrive. Believe I was here relaxing before you got here. Show me the stairs." I didn't want to use the elevator the patients used.
I followed him to a doorway, and thanked him while looking him in the eyes, saying, "No need to come with me. I am authorized."
"Yes mum." He turned away and went back to where he had been.
I went down the stairs, which left me on the seventh floor by the executive suites. I found a different elevator to the ground floor, and left the building. While a number of people looked at me, I was projecting an air of authority that I was supposed to be where I was.
I walked, and entered the first store I came to. I asked directions to the nearest bank. There was one, three blocks down. I exchanged a thousand dollars for pounds, and left. At the next store, I asked directions to where I could buy a phone. I lucked out, as they sold them. I bought one. I then headed for a café, got a meal, and entered in John's number. I also looked up where he was located. Putting this in the phone's GPS. I was ready. I finished the meal and left a tip. I then walked until I could duck into an alley. There I unbuttoned my shirt and zap, I teleported a mile up. Using the new phone, I determined where I needed to go. Three zaps later, and I was above the town where John was. This time I decide to land outside of town. The rain helped me to land close without being seen.
Once on land, I used my weather control to make a break in the rain around the town. It took only five minutes to get to the outskirts, and I was able to get a cab to the nearest hotel. The rain had nearly stopped when it dropped me off. I booked a room for a few days, and took a shower. Not easy with a bathroom designed for six-foot-tall people. As I dried off, I sent a text. "Hello John, Becky Sue on a local phone. I'm staying at The Tap House. Would you like me to meet you somewhere, or arrive early?"
While dressing, I got a text back. "Meet me at The Golden Stout across from the event. I'm there now eating lunch." A few minutes later, I had the place call another cab for me. I decided to keep the rain away until after the wake. Ten minutes later, I was entering The Golden Stout.
It was clear this was a local bar, and the crowd was not too friendly. Someone asked, "What are you doing here?"
"I am here to see a friend."
"You have no friends here, Yankee."
"I do. Let me call him." I switched to Sumerian, and in a loud voice that carried, I said, "Student of history, the ancient warrior has arrived. Come forth."
There was stunned silence. That I would raise my voice was part of it, my confidence another part, but the foreign language threw them. Into that silence came back, also in Sumerian, "Writer of tablets, let us drink together." I headed to the bar, where John called out in English, "Over here, Becky Sue."
"John, I am so sorry for you. You must tell me all about him, the good and the bad. But before that, you mentioned lunch? Why not order me something." He signaled the bartender and ordered. The beer came immediately, the sandwiches a few minutes later. Holding up my mug, I said, "To friends." John joined in the toast.
"I noticed you are conservatively dressed. What's up?"
"We are here for Jack, not for ourselves. The occasion demands respect, so I will not be as you might have expected, but prim and proper. Rituals like this are important, and I do not wish to spoil this by my usual displays. Later, however, is another matter."
"I... I don't think I ever expected this. You are full of surprises. How was your flight? Any bad weather?"
"I did not come the usual way, but I had no real difficulty. I can tell you more in private, but now is not the time or place. What of you? Any new archaeological discoveries you want to tell me of?"
We chatted for a while, until someone came up to him to say it was time. I called the bartender over and paid both our tabs, to John's surprise. "John, don't worry. I'm on an expense account." I winked to indicate it was a lie, and he understood.
"Thank you. Please join me." I followed them across the street. As John knew me mostly through archaeology, and many here were also involved in it, I was able to hold my own in conversation.
I kept an eye out for people who seemed under stress. I arranged to bump into them and strike up a conversation. As I talked, I projected a subtle aura of authority, and when they seemed ready, I would say something like, 'Tell me what troubles you. It is okay to feel bad. Cry if you must, but let out your tension.' I changed it to suit the person, but several confessed their pain to me. I gave them motherly hugs, and reassured them. I also advised them to speak with others about it so that sharing could help heal. By the time it was over, eight had confessed to me, and I could tell they were already on the road to healing.
When it was time for all to go, I went to John and asked, "What is next?"
"I have to stay awhile, for paperwork, and such. Then I have some things to do. How about I meet you at The Tap Room for dinner?"
"Okay. Until then, be well." I left, and walked about town to see what it had to offer. I bought a raincoat and hat. In another store, I bought a tourist book about the town. I decided to read it while I waited for John. Back at The Tap Room, I made a reservation for dinner, but indicated I did not know when my friend would arrive. They gave me static until I let slip John was the friend I was waiting for. That soothed things over. I then began to read the book.
I was over halfway through when John tapped me on the shoulder. "Hello."
"Hi. What are you reading?" I showed him. "If you want to learn about the real town, don't trust that book. That is more about what the town wants others to think."
"I had suspected, but it does give me a sense of the place. If you want to be my guide, I would be happy to accept. However, dinner awaits us. Shall we?" I held my hand out to indicate the dining area. After dinner, we retired to my room.
"I see you have a raincoat. You must have checked the weather here."
"I didn't, but I know the climate make one advisable. Here we have privacy. You can ask me what I would not answer earlier, and you can also unburden your heart. I am here for you; you need me, even if not for sex." I winked as I said that, which caused him to chuckle.
"I don't know what you did back there, but one lady is an anthropologist. She studies tribal interactions for a living. She 'noticed' you professionally. She said you were clearly a stranger, yet clearly respected in archaeology. I was the only one who actually knew you. But her comments were about the mothering quality you showed. Specifically, a clan mother or wise woman. While she did not hear any of your quiet conversations, they clearly had a strong calming effect. She wants to meet you." He gave a quick smile at the last. "When did this happen?"
"You know I am a priestess of Inanna. While she is not particularly a mother figure, she is an expert at reading people's desire for sex. I can tap into that at need, but for tonight, I was looking for stress. But there is another factor that was at play. Let me show you." I went over and took An's talisman from my backpack. "You have seen Inanna's holy symbol. It is a divine talisman attuned to me. This is another talisman, but of An. It is also attuned to me. Our relationship is not as easy and comfortable as Inanna's. Through it, I can access an aura of authority. I used it at the bar, and later at the wake. Add in a dash of worldly experience for the wise woman, and that is what happened."
"That's... very interesting. There are so many questions."
"I planned to stay a few days, any more and I will have wardrobe difficulties. I packed quite light." We continued to talk for several hours. Leaving, he said he would pick me up in the morning to introduce me to his colleagues.
In the morning, we met in the lobby, and he drove me to his college. He spent most of the day taking me around. Several knew of my recent work reassembling the tablets, and John liked informing them that I was now a Doctor of Archaeology. Word quickly spread, and I met nearly the entire department, including Sally the anthropologist. The day ended with me eating dinner at his place.
We finished the meal, and retired to the living room to relax with a drink. I said, "You have waited long enough. I can see you are hiding your pain. Talk to me, I am here to help if I can. I can listen, at least."
John was shocked at first, but then sighed. "You are very observant. And annoying. No one else has seen the pain I have been hiding. Most try to comfort me, and it does help, but at night, alone with my thoughts, I feel it even more."
"What makes it so troubling?"
"My family has lived in this town for centuries. The closest relative I have left is from a branch of the family that split off generations ago. My brother and I came to accept that years ago, but it still is a sour truth to accept. But another, more personal sour truth, is that I cannot bury him in the family plot. He knew his climb would take him outside of rescue. But disaster hit, and there was no way they could return any of the five who died. They could only bring back a few items, but they missed the family ring. While the ring is important, it is not as important as bringing him back."
"Do you know where he rests? Perhaps another party might retrieve him, or the ring."
"While I have enough money to live comfortably, the kind of money needed for such an expedition is far beyond my means. As to asking a favor, I have no pull in the exploration crowd."
"I might be able to help there. As an actor, I just did some mountain climbing near Mexico City. I became friends with those who taught me. That gives me an in to the community, so I can ask. While I might be able to finance such an expedition, I think it might be easier to sponsor a side quest to another expedition, as someone is going up all the time."
"You would do that for me?"
"You know secrets about me and have not told others. Instead, you have respected me, and used my knowledge to advance your field. You have also thrown interesting work my way. In short, you have been my friend. So, yes, I would do that. I don't know how, but I have connections all over the world, and in many fields. That happens when you make a living as an actress. It might take years, but I will try."
He was quiet for a bit, and then came over to hug me. "Thank you." I hugged him back, and soon his tears came. I held him until they subsided.
He sat back down. "I'm sorry a got carried away like that." It was clear he was embarrassed.
"I am not. You have shared your story, and it has clearly reduced your pain. While my path to the priesthood was unusual, and I don't preach much, I do believe in helping others. And the more I use my 'gifts', the more I feel I need to act priestly, even if I don't acknowledge it openly."
"Well, if you start taking confessions, people might catch on."
"Not from that. Consider how many confessions a shrink hears, or are given to the local bartender."
"Oh. Yeah. You're right." We fell silent for a few minutes.
I sensed that he was at peace, and I wanted to let him rest, so I gave him a whammy to sleep. I then took him to his room and placed him into his bed. I sent a text to his phone telling him to call me in the morning. I quietly left, and walked back to my room.
The next day, John picked me up. "I'm sorry for falling asleep on you and not bringing you back here. I don't know what came over me."
"I do. Relief. By sharing with me, you were able to begin processing your worries. Tell me, did you sleep well?"
"Like a baby."
"What about before last night?"
"Not so well. I tossed and turned a lot, often waking up."
"Then my walk back was well worth it, and I see no reason for you to be sorry. So, what's on the schedule today?"
"I think I will show you my family history. You made me realize why I hurt, and family is a big part of it. So I want to show you my family. With the good weather, let's start at the family plot."
"Can we walk, or is it too far?"
"You're right. Walking is a good idea. It will clear my head, and the activity will also be good for me."
"On the way, you can give me a running monologue about what we pass. I'm sure you know something interesting about everything in town."
"Oh yeah, I know all the local gossip."
"Then let us begin." I followed him outside, and we started walking. We kept the conversation light, swapping stories, including when I manhandled an annoying paparazzo with one hand. That got him chuckling. Finally, we entered the cemetery and found the section for his family. It was clear he was moved, but had trouble speaking. "John, take all the time you need. I am ready to listen when you are ready to talk." I then squeezed his shoulder and stood by his side quietly.
We stood there nearly an hour before he began. He started with a sigh. "You are right. I need to let it out." With that beginning, he began a tale of the generations. With it, I began to see how he viewed family, and his need for traditions. Last night, he mentioned retrieving the Jack's body as being somewhat important. Today, I saw that it was quite important. Telling this story became a catharsis for him. He spoke for nearly four hours. Afterwards, he seemed to shrink, as though drained. I went over and gathered him in my arms. After a bit, I could feel him sobbing silently.
When he finally pulled himself together, he drew away from my embrace and quietly said, "Thanks."
"Your family is rooted here. It is in your blood. That explains your pain. Come, it is time to leave. Let us be silent, to let the quiet settle into your blood." I then waved him to follow me. I led him back to town, and to The Golden Stout.
When we entered in, someone called out, "Yankee, you're not welcome here."
John was about to say something, but I touched his shoulder to stay him. Summoning a bit of An's authority, I said, "I am here for my friend. You will respect that. Now go sit and be quiet." Several people were quite surprised when he sat, including John. I led us to an open table in the back. When the waitress came over, I ordered drinks and food before John could say a thing. To John, I said, "Let the quiet settle, and let the nourishment restore your body."
We barely spoke, and then only about the food or drinks. We were there two hours, when he finally said, "Thank you. I needed that. And not just the food."
"I think I have done what I can for you here, so it is time for me to leave."
"So soon?"
"Yes, I took some shortcuts to get here, and I don't think certain types would appreciate it. I will be having an early dinner, and leave soon after."
"I do have a question, though." I raised my eyebrows and waited. "How did you make that guy sit and say nothing?"
"You required some quiet time, so I used some of An's gift to be someone with authority over him. He'll recover soon after we leave, so don't worry. The others, without their leader, were cowed. It also helps I am as big as I am and as confident as I am. They saw me as an alpha female, and one who dominates alpha males. So they submitted quietly."
"Nice power." We then got up and left the bar.
At the door, I hugged him. "Goodbye, my friend. I shall do what I can for you." I turned around and went to The Tap Room to prepare for leaving.
I chose to leave town by jogging with my backpack a few miles first. I figured I could get lost in the wilderness that way, so I could leave England without being seen. My first zap was directly up four miles. I got my bearings and returned along the same path I came. I arrived home mid-morning, and I landed on my balcony. A few minutes later, I was soaking in my tub, enjoying one large enough for me. I began to think about ways to retrieve John's brother. I knew I would get it done.
But that is another story...