[All characters appearing in this work are over the age of 18. All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.]
*****
Chapter 1
She decided the best move was to stay after class and speak with him. She felt confident that her effort throughout the past month would soon come to fruition. She could see him slowly losing his composure. The professional distance he maintained with all his students began to fade away when it came to her.
She knew his weaknesses, too. They were quite easy to spot.
Sometimes it would be the white dress that ended just above mid-thigh. Or way she cocked her hip to the side when she'd stand and talk to her friends in front of his desk. The black lace choker she occasionally wore. The way her short shorts accentuated her ass. Even the way she handed in papers while looking him in the eye. Sasha knew exactly what she was doing.
To his credit, he'd done a good job in attempting to hide his desire and increasing arousal. If she did catch him casting a wayward glance towards her, it was never for too long. He didn't favor her above the rest of the class in any noticeable way but she knew from the way he shifted uncomfortably when she approached, or even how he'd run his hand through his hair after a lesson filled with her subtle provocations, he wanted her. Badly.
Her attraction to him was almost immediate. It was clear as day that he was physically enticing and she wasn't the only girl in class that noticed. While most men his age sported a beer gut, or at least a small belly, Jason Sterling was as fit as if he was 25.
With wide shoulders, a pronounced chest and standing right at 6'0", his presence was quite imposing. His body was just the tip of the iceberg though. It was his mind, his personality that left her daydreaming about the time they could spend together. The future they had yet to fulfill.
The man was simply a genius in his field. Participatory action research was a relatively new community-based research methods developed in social science. It was incredibly complex, involving innumerable sociopolitical implications that needed to be accounted for when studying any community or social issue at the grassroots level. Professor Sterling made the entire process of learning to engage in this methodological approach quite enjoyable. The school was incredibly lucky to have him on the faculty.
He was easy to laugh and always answered questions in a thought-provoking manner. Professor Sterling was a genuinely kind person. It was this side of him that made her ache with want. Well, that and his delicious physique. Or perhaps it was everything about him. She couldn't lie to herself: he was quite easy on the eyes. As time went on, her desire only deepened. After about a month in his class, she'd resolved to make him hers before the semester was over.
Students gathered their laptops and papers and shuffled out of class. It was a Thursday morning, and they all had a three-day weekend to look forward to with no Friday classes. She lingered behind, slowly putting her notebook and reading materials into her bag as her classmates filtered out of the classroom. She stood up, sauntered up to his desk while his fingers tapped lightly against his laptop keyboard.
"Excuse me, Professor Sterling. Do you have a moment?" she asked.
He looked up from the computer screen. "Why certainly!" he replied with a smile. He removed his thin reading glasses and placed them next to his computer, then spun his chair to look up at her. "What can I do for you, Sasha?"
She felt a slight tingling in her stomach, but held her composure. She loved it when he said her name. "Um, I'm having a little trouble with our research project," she said bashfully.
He frowned slightly. "What seems to be the problem? Last time I was updated, your group was on track for gathering enough data for a representative sample size."
"It's not our sample. I'm not entirely sure yet. After compiling some of our data and doing some preliminary analysis, I'm nervous that our results are too skewed. I'm worried that our questionnaire isn't bringing out the issue from our participants clear enough," she said.
He put his hand to his chin, and thought about this for a moment. His eyes met hers. "You're assuming this based off of the pivot tables you've made so far? With the half finished sample you've compiled?"
She blushed slightly at this. "Well...yeah. Basically."
He grinned knowingly. "Don't fret, Sasha. Keep in mind that what you're trying to attempt in just a semester normally takes years of research and data gathering. Food deserts aren't simple issues that can be easily understood or addressed in four months. I don't expect your project to be fully fleshed out in time for the symposium. I merely expect you all to do your best in the time given."
"I understand. I just feel bad about letting our participants down," she said disappointedly. She bit her lip and broke eye contact with him.
He stood up from his desk, and closed his laptop. "I'll tell you what, I have some free time this evening during my office hours. Bring me what you've finished thus far, and we'll go over it together." He gave her a soft smile.
She looked up at him with big blue eyes. "Really? Is that okay? I don't mean to be a bother, I know you're really busy this time of year."
He waved the comment away. "Don't worry about it. I'll need a distraction from grading papers anyway. My freshman class is killing me this year."
"Thank you, Professor," she said, smiling widely while fighting the urge to lick her lips.What a perfect opportunity."I'll make sure to bring the data with me."
"No problem, Miss Blackwood," he said ernestly.
She turned from his desk and walked to the back of the class. She felt his eyes drinking her in from behind as her black skirt swished in time with her steps. Her toned legs quickly made the distance to the door. As she gripped the handle and swung the door open, she cast one last glance at him over her shoulder. He was gathering his belongings, and looked up at her. A ghost of a grin passed over his face and she smiled, blushing as she left the room.Oh, the things I'm going to do that man,she thought as she softly stepped down the hallway.
*****
The Parkway Institutewas an elite preparatory academy for gifted students from families with substantial means. Many of these absurdly wealthy families had specific career paths in mind for their children. However, some students may not have been socially prepared for the rigors of a formal university right after finishing high school. Parkway served as the two-year buffer for those students. It additionally served as a place for highly advanced students to further hone their already exceptional academic skills.
The campus was massive, but easy to get around. The main building, a giant Tudor style, multi-floor monstrosity, was shaped in a distinctive U. It's west wing housed the majority of classrooms and laboratories. These classrooms were equipped with state-of-the-art technology. Computers, smart-boards, projectors, and touchscreen displays filled each room. There were tablets at every desk for the students use. Its east wing contained the students' dormitories.
Each floor was designated as either male or female. While the students shared a common living area in each suite, they all had their own individual rooms and adjoining bathrooms. Both the bedrooms and the common areas were lavishly furnished and contained only the best appliances money could buy. The school's current administration had made sure of that. It was important they kept their students as comfortable as possible, lest their parents caught wind of any 'outrageous conditions.' Maintaining a steady cash flow from the absurdly high tuition fees was as important to the administration as their student's comfort.
As Sasha walked slowly through the courtyard, on the way to her suite in the east wing, she felt her phone vibrate in her bag. She pulled it out and held her thumb against the home button at the bottom.
Do you wanna hang out again tonight?
She'd received yet another text from Matthew Perriman. She sighed.Why was this guy so goddamned needy?she thought to herself. They'd fucked twice last week, and while he was great in bed, he could be dreadfully dull at times. The guy was smart, she'd give him that. But she'd more than had her fill of his ramblings about "Intel's i9 processor" or the merits of "tensor cores and ray-tracing hardware." She did her best not to come across as cold when they had time to talk, but this seemed to only encourage him to blow her phone up with multiple texts throughout the day.
Sorry, not tonight. I've got a ton of work to catch up on.
That made the fifth time she had to turn him down since she'd seen him last. Maybe he'd get the hint. She saw three dots pop up on the conversation, and rolled her eyes.
You sure? I was thinking about ordering dinner too. Italian. Your fav right?
Her thumbs tapped rapidly against the screen.Yes, Matt. I'm sure I have a lot of work. I'll let you know when I'm free.
There was a slight pause. She saw the three dots pop back up again bouncing rhythmically at the bottom of the screen...then stop. Good enough. She locked the phone and placed it back into her bag.
She felt bad about being so blunt with him, but she also didn't want the boy getting any ideas that they were anything but an occasional hookup. Besides, she had a much more enticing game to play later that day. She grinned at the thought of going to Professor Sterling's office.
She swiped her card to access the east wing and entered the building. She took the elevator up to the 15thfloor, and walked down the carpeted hallway to the door leading into her suite. She turned the handle and found it open. As she stepped through the entryway, she immediately heard the distinctive noise of skin slapping together and the pleasured moans from her roommate. She closed the door softly with a grin and silently rounded the corner leading to her second roommate's private room and noticed, unsurprisingly, the door had been left open.
Maria Chavez was on all fours with side of her face buried into the mattress. The hulk of the large boy pounding her from behind contrasted against her small, slender frame. He gripped her hips tightly and slammed into her over and over again as his heavy balls slapped against her clitoris. Her pussy made soft squishing sounds every time he buried himself in her. With each hard thrust, her supple ass bounced lightly and pressed against his lower abdomen. Her eyes were closed as she breathed heavily, body shaking with every movement. Sasha noticed him increase his pace as his breathing became more shallow and rapid. He moaned loudly and thrust deep inside of her as he came. Maria groaned as his cock pulsed, expelling a torrent of cum into her pussy. She opened her eyes to notice the bemused Sasha leaning against her doorway.
"Putting on a show, are we?" Sasha said with a smirk.
Maria grinned devilishly. The boy pulled out of her, his softening cock glistening in the light. She sighed as a copious glob of cum fell from her pussy while she pushed herself up into the kneeling position. "I'm sorry, Sasha! I thought you had a lab after your class today!" she said in a clearly insincere tone of concern.
Sasha laughed and shook her head. "You know I never have lab on Thursdays."
"Oh," Maria said absently. "I must've forgot." She rolled over onto her back, her dark, straight hair swung as her head turned to look at the boy who was already dressing. "I'll see you later Mason," she purred. "Don't forget to text me tomorrow, okay?"
"Yeah, no problem," he said, still slightly breathless. He finished putting on his shoes and nodded to Sasha with an embarrassed look on his face as he passed and exited the suite.
Sasha raised her eyebrows and cast a questioning glance at the still very naked girl lying in her bed. "Now which one might that be? Number four?"
The Argentinian beauty laughed heartily. "Oh, him? He's nobody. Just a distraction when I don't feel like doing homework. He's on the basketball team anyway, I think? He won't become a regular." She strode across the thickly carpeted floor, picked a pair of lace panties and pulled them on. The sunlight bathed her supple skin in a warm glow. Her perfume and the pungent smell of sex emanated from the room.
"I see," said Sasha, still mildly amused.
"Why, you're not jealous are you?" Maria said, the devilish grin still showing on her gorgeous face.
"As if! It's just hard to keep track of who's who," Sasha quipped. She closed her eyes and turned her face away playfully.
Maria gasped in mock surprise then bounced over to where Sasha stood at the doorway, still holding her bag. Maria pushed the bag off her shoulder and gripped the paler girls firm ass with a soft slap and pushed her pert breasts against her arm. "I still have plenty of time for you, mi carnia," she whispered in her ear.
Sasha chuckled and pushed the girl back into her room. "Maybe later, after you've taken a shower. Besides, I have to go meet Professor Sterling in a few to go over my project."
"Ohhhh, sounds fun! Let me know how it goes?" Maria replied
"I wouldn't think of keeping anything from you," said Sasha. "Anyway, I'm off to change." She picked up her bag and turned to walk to her room on the other side of the suite.
"Hasta luego, hermosa." Maria winked at her.
*****
That fucking girl, he thought. Jason silently shook his head as he gathered his things and left the classroom. Not only had she been showing more and more skin every day in class, those looks she gave him were increasing his fucking blood pressure. He was a grown-ass man for god's sake. Already been married and divorced. Had his fair share of trysts and hookups after that too, but never had he imagined laying hands one of his students. Not until now.
Sasha Blackwood was a stunning girl. He'd noticed her walking through campus before the semester started. It wasn't until recently that he realized there was something hungry in her eyes with way she looked at him in class. It was starting to take a toll on his professionalism.
He was distracted. This semester had been hell for his personal life. Not only did the vice principal's office continue to delegate an increasing amount of administrative responsibilities to him, his class sizes had never been so large. This wasn't necessarily a bad thing. In fact, he quite liked having more students. It prompted more versatile debate on important subjects he liked discuss with the class. He assumed it was quite good for business as well.
On the other hand, most weeknights he went to bed around 2:30 am and woke up at 5:00 am to continue grading papers. In spite of all this, his checks had never been fatter.The Parkway Institutewas keeping him flush with cash and it was a nice change of pace from the stressful life he led as an untenured professor at the state university. But damn, they really worked him to the bone.
Needless to say, since the semester began his sex life had been virtually nonexistent. So he forgave himself on those late nights in bed when he'd touch himself before falling asleep. His mind wandered to a certain voluptuous, raven-haired student. While he felt guilty at first, he reminded himself that these thoughts were only a result of his built up stress. It couldn't be that bad if they were just fantasies. Could it?
Ding. His email notification buzzed in his pocket.
"Shit," he mumbled to himself. "What is it this time?" He tapped on the blue email icon.
From: Victor Hawk
To: Jason Sterling
Re: Construction Violation #42.5
Good Afternoon Dr. Sterling,
I understand that your classes are done for the day. If you have the time I'd like to discuss the above matter with you in more detail in my office. I will be available at 3pm. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Sincerely,
Victor Hawk, Ph.D.
Principal
"What thefuck?" Jason said to himself. A construction violation? That made no sense. He didn't have anything to do with that. At least not that he could think of.
He put his phone in his pocket and quickened his pace. It was nearly 2:50 p.m. and he did not want to be late to any meeting the principal called, regardless of the short notice. The thought of the email sent a wave of nausea through his body. He fought not to cough at the reflux that rose in his throat.
Jason despised the principal. Victor Hawk was a repugnant creature. The man leaned towards the obese side of fat, and sincerely believed he was god's gift to the world. He was demanding, spiteful, and overly aggressive with the other faculty members. The only reason he continued to hold the position at the school was due to his family ties with the mayor's office. Even the "Ph.D." after his name was bullshit. The fat bastard hadn't taught in nearly fifteen years, and it didn't take a genius to write a historical abstract. Having to work with the man was the only downside to an otherwise perfect job.
He walked to the back of the building and entered the administrative offices where both the principal and vice principal's offices were located. This section of the building was tucked away behind winding corridors and a blockade of office suites.
As he entered the principal's suite, he noticed the secretary's desk was empty. He shrugged and walked up to the dark wooden door with the nameVictor Hawkpainted on the smoked glass.That man really has to put his name on everything, doesn't he?Jason thought. He exhaled deeply, collected himself, and then knocked on the door twice.
There was no answer.
He couldn't be gone, could he?Jason waited a few seconds, and knocked once more.
"C-come in!" Hawk barked.
He turned the glass doorknob and entered. Jason saw the portly man sitting at his pristine desk. His face was red and he was breathing heavily through his nose, like he'd just run a few laps around the office. His pallid skin reflected a sheen of sweat. He looked pissed.
"Um, is now a bad time?" he asked.
"Of course not, I said three didn't I?" Hawk bellowed in response.
Yep, it was definitely a good thing he wasn't late.
The principal gestured to one of the two red velvet chairs sitting in front of his desk, facing the floor-to-ceiling windows. "Please, have a seat."
Jason swallowed the bubbling bile in his throat, and sat down. "I got your email..."
"Yes, yes," the principal huffed, his flabby jowls shaking as he shook his head. "I know I was vague, but this is a particularly sensitive issue."
"What kind of issue?" Jason asked.
"It's come to my attention that a group of Parkway students have been seen interviewing certain employees ofCabal Construction. The people tasked with building our new stadium," said Hawk and a light came on in Jason's head.
"Ah! Yes, sir. We have a group of second year students who've decided to study a breadth of issues affecting undocumented immigrants. My class is currently conducting research that involves data collection in the field." He explained. "I advised that particular group to approach members of the community they're studying at their place of employment. Employers of the undocumented community are usually involved in construction, agricultural or service industry based—"
"Yeah, yeah. I get it. But, Dr. Sterling...that's going to be a problem for us." Hawk said.
"A problem?" Jason asked, his eyebrows rose. "Was there an issue with the students?"
"Ugh," the principal's face contorted in apparent pain.
"Sir, are you okay?"
"I'm fine, I'm fine. Just some heartburn. Look, Jason, It's not the students that are the problem. It's this little partici-whatever assignment you've got them doing. I cannot have any of these stupid fucking kids interfering withmynew stadium. Do you know what happened today?"
"Well not really-"
"Shut the fuck up," Hawk yelled. "The union inspector observed three students having conversations with Cabal employees on anactiveconstruction site with no safety gear. The fine for this violation was..." he picked up a piece of paper lying on his desk, "$3,425.00." He let that sink in for a moment. "There are external sponsors involved in this project, and I absolutely will not have any further delays," said Hawk.
Jason balked at the man's hateful tirade against his students. "Victor, I understand your concerns. However, it'd be quite difficult for the students to change their entire research project at this stage. Have there been any—"
"It doesn't matter whether or not there have been any issues with Cabal's labor force or workplace practices," Hawk spat. "It's my fiduciary responsibility to see to it that therewon'tbe any. Let me make this exceedingly clear for you. You will reassign an alternative project to the children that shifts their focusawayfrom any construction our institute is involved in. If you fail to do so, our quarterly review will be quite...different when the time comes."
This entire conversation left a bad taste in Jason's mouth. In more ways than one. All he wanted at this point was to leave this office. He stood up and grabbed his bag. "I'll make sure it happens," he said flatly.
The principal smirked. "I expect you will. That'll be all, Dr. Sterling."
Without another word Jason turned and stormed out of the office, slamming the door behind him for good measure.
*****
He had texted her with a demand that she come his office yet again. She knew exactly what he wanted. That fucking pig disgusted her, but she was terrified of him. Of what he threatened to do to her family. The thought of having to be alone with him again made her feel sick.
She had walked past the secretary who noticed her, but avoided making eye contact with the girl, choosing instead to look back at her desk and shuffle some papers. Rebecca shook her head in resentment, and walked into his office.
Hawk sat there with his hands folded on the table. Glaring at her.
"You made me wait." Hawk said.
"I'm sorry! I came as fast as I could. I just got out of class." She replied quickly.
He stared at her saying nothing for a moment. He reached to his left and pressed the line to his secretary's desk. "You're done for the day."
"Yes, sir," came the immediate response.
He turned back to Rebecca. "Don't you ever fucking talk back to me." Hawk said in a dangerously quiet voice. "I'm goddamned busy. When I tell you to come, you don't fucking make me wait."
She cast her gaze at the floor. "Of course. Forgive me, please."
"Get over here," he commanded.
She said nothing and walked behind his massive wooden desk, got down on her knees, and crawled up to his chair.
"Very good," he crooned. "Now do it exactly like I taught you."
She carefully unbuckled his belt straining against his bloated stomach. She did the same with his pants, pulled his fly down and pushed his pants below his knees. The man stank of sweat and far too much cologne. When she pushed his boxers down to his pants, his soft dick flopped out against his leg. She hated this man, but he was noticeably larger than any other boy she had dated before. She grimaced, and grabbed his dick and started gently stroking it.
He exhaled deeply and closed his eyes. "This is just what I needed after all the bullshit I put up with today."
She pulled his foreskin back over the crown. He fucking reeked.
"Oh, and by the way. I haven't taken a shower in a day or two. I held back just for you," he chuckled.
Her eyes burned with hatred as she looked up at his round, chubby face. She quickly looked back down at his cock and then put it in her mouth. He sighed in contentment as she slurped on his dick. One hand working the shaft while the other caressed his balls. Just like he taught her.
She pulled her mouth off the head and licked the underside of his grotesquely large cock. The stench made her slightly nauseous. She licked from the base of the shaft all the way to the tip, put the head back in her mouth, and twirled her tongue around the sensitive head making sure she flicked her soft tongue over the slit of his penis.
"Ahhh, you're such a good fucking slut aren't you," he said.
She ignored him, continuing her ministrations. Hoping to get this over with as soon as possible. But she knew this wasn't going to be all he would make her do this evening.
Suddenly there were two knocks at the door. Hawk reached down with a chubby hand and grabbed a handful of her hair, bringing her face close to his.
"Listen here, bitch. Don't you fucking make a sound. Better yet, keep your mouth on my cock. You know exactly what's going to happen if I hear anything from you," he growled at her.
Oh god, please. Not that.
He pulled her by the hair and guided her into the space under his desk. She was completely hidden underneath its wood frame. There came a second knock on the door.
"C-come in!"
She heard the door open and then footsteps on the thick carpet. She took the head of his still hard cock back into his mouth. She silently and softly sucked him under the desk.
The entire conversation was muffled, but she could make out parts of it through the layers of wood. She heard the voice of a man. It sounded familiar, but she couldn't quite place it. She continued sucking his cock as best she could without making any sound. She could feel his repulsive dick growing harder and harder in her mouth.
"Was there an issue with the students?" she heard the muffled voice say.
She felt the principals thick member grow even bigger in her mouth. The bastard grunted like a pig. She knew the sound all too well. Rebecca placed her hands on his knees and quickly throated his cock as warm cum spewed into the back of her esophagus. She pulled back slightly has his turgid member pulsed, shooting rope after rope of thick, salty cum onto her tongue. It was too much. She huffed through her nose and some cum splattered out of her nostrils and onto the top of her lips and his pants.
She did just as she was instructed. And made as little sound as possible. Keeping the softening dick in her mouth as the principal finished the meeting. She couldn't wait to leave this vile man. But she knew her time with him today was far from over.
She heard an end to the muffled conversation and the other man leave the room. The door slammed, making her jump a little. Rebecca let the now hard cock slide out of her mouth, a string of spit and cum still stuck to her lips.
He rolled back his office chair. His small beady eyes glared at her still on her knees under the desk. Tears from the effort streamed down her face, ruining her mascara.
"You sneezed fucking cum onto my pants," Hawk said.
"I'm sorry, sir. Please let me clean it up!" Rebecca begged him.
"It's too bad. I was going to just let you go, too," He replied, ignoring her pleas.
He reached down pulled her by the arm, spun her around and bent her over the desk.