I love my husband very much, for everything he does for me, and for everything he allows me to do.
Bill and I have been married for eight years. We met while attending the local community college. I was studying bookkeeping and office management. Bill was studying tax preparation. Early on in our relationship we discovered that we were a great fit for each other. We liked the same restaurants, movies, music, and the same clubs. Even our friends told us what a well matched couple we were.
I was attracted to Bill for his easy going style, his great sense of humor, his fabulous smile, and how he always was trying to please me. I think he was attracted to me because I'm very attractive, I have a sexy body, and I'm smart, all in one package. I'm blessed with a beautiful face, a sensual smile, emerald green eyes, and long wavy auburn hair. I'm tall, 5'10", with a great figure, 36D, 25, 36, and long legs.
And the sex has been incredible. I know that I have a body built for sex. I love to have sex for long periods of time. And Bill, while only having an average sized cock, knows how to use it to pleasure me, and he has incredible staying power. He can bring me to multiple orgasms in various positions before he has his own release. None of my other boyfriends, and I've had many, have come close to his abilities to pleasure me sexually.
Soon after graduation we got married. Bill opened his own tax services business. I became the receptionist/office manager for a local insurance agency. We have a comfortable life and a nice house. And we agreed to wait on having children.
- - - - -
My husband loves to tell me how sexy I am, and he frequently shows me how horny I make him. He literally shows me by strutting around with his erect cock fully visible. He knows that many men desire to have me. However after we got married, I haven't really considered having sex with anyone else. Like any man, Bill looks at other women. However, I'm certain he is completely faithful to me.
Almost daily Bill encourages me to buy sexy outfits and wear them in public, especially around his business clients. He loves to show off his sexy wife to all his clients and friends. He also loves the sexy lingerie I buy and wear under my work clothes, or things I wear at home without anything else. And I have some slutty outfits I won't even tell my friends about.
Bill loves to take photos of me, with me dressed up, or in casual clothes, or in sexy lingerie, or in a slutty outfit, or totally naked. I get a rush posing for him and he gets a thrill photographing me. I sometimes wonder if he enjoys taking photos of me more than having sex. Okay, not really. Often our photo sessions are the start of foreplay before we have seriously intense, hot sex.
Bill and I talk frankly with each other about sex, our likes, dislikes, and limits. I love having him eat my pussy and fuck my pussy. It can be gentle loving, or hard pounding sex. We use many sex positions; him on top, me on top, doggie style and others. We mostly have sex in our bed, but we also have sex in the living room (the ottoman is a great sex device), on the dining table, or in the kitchen. We've had sex in the car, and sex in public bathrooms when nowhere else was quickly available. It's all good as long as we both have great orgasms.
I feel a need to be in control. During sex, this would generally mean I am on top. However, and this may sound counter-intuitive, I feel I am in control when I allow him to fuck my pussy as he pleases. I only insist on feeling his love for me, and having orgasms.
And I love giving oral. I love a hard cock in my mouth. Again, I must be in control. I decide whether sucking cock is just foreplay to make him hard, or whether I want him to cum in my mouth. I have even trained my gag reflex so that I can give an awesome deep-throat. But I will not allow a forceful face fuck where he holds my head and plunges his cock in and out of my mouth and down my throat. I once had a very bad experience with an earlier boyfriend who did this to me and I pledged to myself I not would allow that again. I'll give blowjobs. I'll do deep-throat. But I must be in control.
One more thing about me giving oral. If he is going to cum, I like to feel and taste his cum in my mouth, rather than down my throat. I am a cock and cum slut. I usually prefer his cum inside my pussy, or inside my mouth. But I also accept cum shots on my body, just not in my hair.
Other limits of mine are no anal (no one has, or will be inside my ass) and no bondage. Again I must be in control of my own body. Bill understands and agrees to my limits.
Another of our fun, erotic activities is me being his sexy, dressed up, model and then stripping down slowly for him. He especially likes taking sensual photos of me while I masturbate in front of his iPhone camera. I know he loves to watch me fuck myself with my favorite dildo. He tells me that he imagines it is some other man having his way with me. This role play makes Bill so horny, his cock swells so big and hard. And then we fuck like crazy.
When I first started masturbating with my dildo in front of Bill, he would ask if I fantasize about fucking a young stud who is well endowed with a big cock. At first I was puzzled by his question. I feared telling him that I did have a fantasy of fucking a big cock. Eventually I got comfortable telling him these true feelings and was shocked to realize that this fantasy of mine was a major turn-on for him. So our role play evolved into me fucking myself with my favorite dildo I named Big Bob. He would tell me to fuck Big Bob until I climaxed. Often Bill would be so aroused that he would jack-off and spray me with his cum as I had my own orgasm. This was such a turn-on for both of us and we loved it.
- - - - -
The next big step in our journey of sexual pleasures began one day when Bill showed me a sex forums web site he had discovered.
"Look at this, Eve." Bill said one evening while he called me over to his laptop. "There's this site where people post amateur pics. Some are sexy and sensual. Others are just pure porn."
I could see that Bill was excited about his discovery. "Show me what you found." I was curious what aroused him. "What do you like most?"
We spent the next hour going through several forum threads, posts, and pictures. We were both a bit shocked by the erotic nature of the pictures people posted, but it was also arousing. I've always known I was a bit of an exhibitionist, and now I was learning that I was also a bit of a voyeur. I wasn't surprised that Bill liked the photos of women in sexy lingerie or them stripping naked. These were very similar to the photos he took of me.
What I found most surprising was his reaction to a set of photos of men watching their wife have sex with another man. Bill had pulled his cock out of his pants and was stroking it, a sure sign these images really made him horny. But even more shocking to me was that I was also aroused by these photos. Maybe I wanted to be that wife being fucked by some other man, while my husband watched.
I moved his hand aside and began stroking his cock. I went down on him and sucked him a few moments.
"Let's go to bed." He said as he pulled my mouth off his cock and led me to our bedroom.
We stripped naked and quickly got on the bed. Bill pushed me onto my back and got between my legs. He licked my clit while finger fucking my pussy to a quick orgasm. Then we fucked in missionary position, doggie position, and then with me on top in cowgirl. In each position I had an orgasm, but not Bill. He stayed rock hard and just kept on fucking and fucking. I was really aroused by his longer than usual stamina and how horny he was.
"That web site really got you excited." I remarked.
"Yeah, that is so fucking hot." He said as he continued to thrust into my body.
I was approaching yet another orgasm and I moaned.
"What do you think, Eve, about us joining that site and posting a few of your pics?" he asked.
After experiencing his sexual response to the sex site, I wasn't surprised by the question.
"A few of my pics? Exactly which ones?" I asked. I was a bit curious about posting naughty pics on the Internet. I wondered exactly how much of me he wanted to display.
"You know I think you have a really hot body. Maybe just post some of you in sexy lingerie. Not really showing any private parts." He responded as he continued to shove his hard cock deep inside me.
"Do you want to show my face? On that site, some ladies do, and some do not." I inquired.
"Honey, you will be in control. You can pick the pictures to post. You can show as much, or as little as you want to show. And I'll do any editing you want such as cropping or blurring." Bill said.
The thought of posting my pics on the web was exhilarating. My pussy began clenching around Bill's cock as I began another orgasm.
"Let's do this. Open an account and select some photos you like." I told him. Thinking about horny men looking at my sexy photos had my body tingling all over a powerful orgasm rolled through my body. My muscles were twitching, my pussy clenched his cock hard, and I was gasping for air. It felt incredible.
Bill was obviously pleased that I agreed to post photos. He came hard, jetting his cum deep into my well used channel. I collapsed onto him, exhausted.
- - - - -
Later that day Bill opened an account on that web site. He selected a few photos of me in lingerie, he blurred my face, and posted them. These posts drew immediate rave reviews. I was overwhelmed by the number of responses. Everyone wanted to see more, more pictures of me and pictures showing more of my body. It was extremely exciting and quite a rush.
I found myself wanting to post more, and show more. I was quickly becoming an online exhibitionist. The next day Bill and I were selecting more photos to post.
"Are you sure you want to show more?" Bill asked.
I had selected some photos that displayed my nipples and a couple that gave a full, uncovered view of my ass.
"Absolutely! This is so exciting. I love the replies." I told him.
Bill smiled a big grin and selected some more risqué photos. One photo was a close up on my crotch, covered in a small, sheer thong. My hand was inside my panties as my finger was partially inside my slit.
"Yeah, lets post that." I told him.
That pic drew amazing responses. Everyone wanted to see more of me. And the more that people wanted to see me, the more I wanted to show them. I had become addicted to the thrill of being an exhibitionist.
- - - - -
As the days went by, I realized that I craved the feedback. I was aroused by the sexual responses. I was driven to buying sexy new lingerie to wear while taking photos. Bill and I had photos sessions two or three times each week. We would take photos while talking about how many strangers would jack their cocks at me. Bill was having a terrific time taking sexy and naughty photos of me. After each photo session, our sex was hot and intense. It was great erotic fun.
I was a bit worried that I was enjoying being the exhibitionist too much.
"Honey, are you really okay with me posting such revealing photos of my body?" I asked Bill.
"Absolutely!" he quickly replied. "I know this is such a thrill for you. And I love showing off my sexy wife. I love sharing you with others."
His reply was reassuring. We both loved the process of taking and posting naughty photos of me. And the online responses made my pussy tingle.
My fan base of followers grew. Soon several hundred people were viewing my photos. I assumed they were all strangers and that no one recognized me. But how would I know for sure? I was posting more risqué photos, and even showing my face occasionally. It was a rush and made my pussy wet when I read the responses. So many guys were looking at my body. Many told me they were stroking their cocks and ejaculating to my photos. Several stated they wanted to fuck me. Some even sent me photos of their erections that they claimed I caused. I found myself wondering how I might enjoy larger cocks, having my pussy filled and pounded by their hard cocks.
Daily I was getting requests for specific poses. Some requested photos of my pussy after I had been well fucked by my husband. My fans wanted to see my wrecked pussy - swollen, wet, and very messy with my copious fluids and my husband's cum. I also had requests for shots of dildos shoved into my pussy, the larger the dildo the better. And some wanted to see a real cock inside me.
"Can you believe these requests?" I asked Bill while reviewing the online feedback.
For some time I had desired to have a larger dildo, one that would stretch my pussy. But I was concerned that Bill might be threatened by that. Maybe these online requests could be a way to gain Bill's acceptance.
"Yeah!" Bill replied. "A lot of guys want to see a big fat dildo or cock in your pussy. I must admit that the thought of that makes me horny."
Which? A photo of a dildo in me or a photo of your cock in me?" I asked.
"It would be really hot to see a big fat dildo stretching your pussy tight." Bill replied. Then he added, "It would also be really hot to see another guy's cock in your fabulous pussy."
'What the Fuck!' I thought to myself. 'He wants to see some other man's cock inside me?' I knew Bill was perverted in several ways, but he had never expressed a desire to see me having sex with someone else. I decided to file that information away. I needed time to process that.
"So it would be hot to see my pussy stretched out by a big dildo?" I asked. "Should I go shopping for one?"
"Absolutely!" Bill responded.
- - - - -
At a local adult store I bought a good sized dildo. I wasn't sure how large a dildo I could force into my cunt, but I decided to push my limits. I bought a dildo, that I named Charlie, that was 9 inches long and a full two inches in diameter, with bulging veins. Bill was amazed by the size of my new dildo. He appeared more excited than I was for me to try it. And he was eager to take photos.
I stripped naked and lay on our bed. I fingered my pussy and clit, making me even hornier, my lips swollen, and wet. I brought the head of the dildo to my slit. Damn, it was large. I wondered if I could take it. I added some lube to the dildo before I pressed the head to my slit again. This would be the largest object I had ever attempted to push inside my pussy. And over the years I had inserted many different objects into my pussy.
I felt my flesh stretch as it tried to accommodate the size. I was breathing heavily, trying to relax my vaginal muscles. I pushed a bit more, and the head of the dildo pushed inside me.
'Damn, that is tight.' I thought as I closed my eyes. It hurt. As my body adjusted to the large intruder, the pain turned to pleasure. I could hear my husband taking pictures.
"Fucking hot babe. Can you take more?" Bill asked.
I didn't directly answer but focused on shoving that large dildo into my cunt. As my pussy became aroused, it was easier to insert more. Soon I had half or more inside me. I began pumping the dildo in and out, trying to force a bit more inside with each stroke. The burn of pain I was feeling was turning more to a pleasurable burn. 'Fuck, this is feeling good.' I thought.
"Can you flip over onto your hand and knees? That would make better pics as the camera could see your pussy lips stretched around that dildo." Bill was coaching.
Gingerly I turned over onto my knees. Reaching between my legs, I was able to pump the dildo into my pussy. Damn it was tight and felt so good.
"Fucking hot babe. So fucking hot!" Bill continued to say as he took more pictures.
I was now able to push most of the large dildo into my vagina. I was breathing heavily. I could feel sweat forming on my flesh. My body was tingling, indicating my orgasm was coming.
"OH FUCK!" I said while pumping the big dildo faster.
"Cum for me. Cum for me." Bill said. He was obviously getting off on my show. I hoped he was getting some great photos.
"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK" I was panting as I shoved the large dildo into my aching cunt. My pussy was throbbing like crazy. My head was swimming in pleasure.
The dam burst as I had my orgasm.
"OOOOHHHH FFFFUUUUCCCCKKKK!" I screamed.
My body was shaking. My pussy was attempting to clench around the dildo, but it was stretch so tight, the effort only hurt. I pulled the dildo out and I dropped flat onto the bed. I lay there panting as my orgasm slowly subsided.
"Great photos, babe." Bill informed me. Apparently the photos were more important to him than my orgasm.
Later that day Bill and I reviewed the photos he had taken. I had to admit that the photos of that huge dildo stretching my pussy were very erotic. We posted one on the online forum. the responses were quick and overwhelmingly positive. Over the next few days we posted several more photos from than same photo shoot. The fans loved it, and as always, I loved their feedback.
I had become an exhibitionist whore. I was addicted to posting naughty photos, and to the responses of my online followers. Bill was thrilled by how sexy I looked and the photos he took. We both got off on the photos I posted and the responses I received. There were so many men that wanted to finger me, fuck me, or eat my pussy. I wondered why it took eight years for us to discover this form of sexual entertainment. I thought it couldn't get better, or at least it couldn't without me having an illicit affair to have sex with another man. And I didn't think I was willing to cross that line.
- - - - -
Then one day, things changed. Bill came home from his office with a serious look on his face.
"What's up Bill?" I asked as I snuggled up to him.
"You remember Jack, don't you? He's one of my best clients." Bill began.
"Sure. I know Jack. He's actually quite handsome." I replied, and then added, "Didn't you tell me that he's now divorced?"
"Yeah, that's Jack." Bill confirmed. "Today after we had our monthly account review, he spoke to me about something much more personal. He told me that he has seen your online pictures. He recognized you."
"Really?" I exclaimed. I had been concerned that someone might recognize me in the pictures. It was scary, and it was exciting in an erotic way.
"Jack thinks you're hot, really hot. He asked me how much I enjoy taking your photos. I told him that we have a lot of fun taking your photos." Bill paused, then continued.
"Jack wants to know if he could join us for a photo session. He would love to watch, and maybe take a few photos. But it's all up to you. You can say 'No' and he would understand."
I was blown away. Jack wanted to watch? Even take some photos of me? The thought made my pussy quiver. This was incredibly hot. And I couldn't believe I had these thoughts.
"And you would be okay with him here watching?" I asked Bill.
"Fuck, Yeah! It would be hot sharing this experience. But only if you want to do this. You can set the limits." Bill responded.
It was obvious to me that he thought this would be erotic. He wanted to share me with others. I thought that was hot as well.
"I'm tingling thinking about this. But with limits." I told Bill. "Jack can join us for a lingerie photo shoot, but only to watch. I guess it would be okay for him to take some photos. But I won't be doing any nudity or sex in front of him."
- - - - -
When Jack came over to our home the following Saturday evening he couldn't thank me enough for letting him join us. He was very excited. I was really nervous. Would I show too much? Or flash something I didn't intend for Jack to see? But this was also very exciting. My body was tingling in a sexual rush. My pussy was damp. I was certain he may notice that.
Bill and I decided that we would allow Jack into our bedroom for the photos, as that is where we have taken most of my photos.
After our initial greeting, Bill gave Jack our limits and rules. There would be a chair for Jack to sit in and observe. Bill would tell him when he could take a photo. I would use the master bath as a changing room. There would be no nudity, and no sex. Jack was eager to agree.
I went off to the bathroom to change into the lingerie set I recently purchased, a baby-doll top and matching panties. When I came out, Jack was in his chair and Bill was standing, holding his iPhone camera. I took a standing pose and Jack whistled at me.
"Thank you, Jack. I appreciate expressions of approval." I told him.
Bill led me through a series of poses; standing, sitting on the bed, kneeling upright, kneeling on hands and knees, lying on my stomach, lying on my side, and lastly, lying on my back, knees up and open. I knew this last position was for crotch shots. I hoped that my skimpy panties covered my openings.
I played it up for the camera and for Jack. I had one hand on my covered breast, and my other hand was resting on my covered pussy. I moaned as if pleasuring myself. I was aroused and I know there was a wet spot on the crotch of my panties. I could see Jack leaning forward and staring.
"Why don't you take a few photos, Jack?" I invited him to take some photos.
He took out his cell phone and sat on the edge of his seat and focused for a shot.
"You can get closer, if you like." I said.
"Thank you. I will." Jack replied as he knelt on the floor at the foot of the bed and leaned over, his elbows on the bed and his camera inches from my crotch.
My body tingled in sexual excitement. This was a very big rush. Bill was standing back, watching with a huge grin on his face.
I ran a finger over my covered slit. Jack took several photos. Then I slid my hand inside my panties and rubbed my slick wet pussy lips. Jack took more photos. And Bill took photos of Jack and me.
Lastly I pulled a wet finger out of my panties, held it up to my mouth. I waited for Jack to understand what I was about to do and get his camera ready. Then I slowly sucked on my pussy-juice covered finger. My pussy throbbed. I moaned, and Jack gasped.
"Oh Fuck!" I heard him whisper.
I swung my legs over the side of the bed and sat up looking at Jack.
"Did you enjoy that?" I asked. I could see him adjusting his swelling cock in his pants.
"Oh yes, very much. Thank you for letting me join you here for this." Jack replied. "I would love to do this again, if I may."
I smiled at Jack and Bill, stood and walked back into the bathroom to get dressed. I removed the baby doll lingerie and put on a simple top and a short flair skirt, but I wasn't wearing a bra or panties.
- - - - -
After Jack left, I walked out to the kitchen, and Bill joined me.
"Thank you for letting Jack come to watch. He really had a great time." Bill told me.
"I must admit that having another man here was very erotic. You know I love how men look at my photos. Much more intense to have one live and in person looking at my crotch from just a few inches away. I was tingling the whole time, and my pussy was throbbing." I said with a twinkle in my eye.
"Do you have a problem I can solve?" Bill knew my teasing too well.
"Indeed you can." I replied.
I stood up and turned my back to Bill. I leaned over the kitchen table, placing my elbows on the table. I reached back with one hand and flipped up the back of my skirt, revealing that I had no panties. And my pussy was already wet.
"Fuck!" Bill hissed through his teeth as he stood and pulled down his pants.
"That's the idea." I confirmed.
Bill took me right there, fucking me hard, bringing me to a good orgasm, and then filling my pussy with his hot cum. God it felt good.
- - - - -
Sunday morning Bill and I reviewed the photo shoot. Bill was still extremely excited about Jack watching and taking photos.
"I think Jack being there got you really horny." Bill told me. "It shows in your photos. You're glowing. Your best pics. Really hot."
"I must admit that I felt horny the whole time. My body was tingling in sexual excitement and my pussy was throbbing. It really was hot." I admitted.
"You know he wants to do it again." Bill said. "Maybe do a little more for Jack?"
"More?" I asked. "More like what?"
I was getting the sense that Bill really enjoyed sharing me with other men. I wondered how far he want to take this.
Bill hesitated a moment before suggesting some things.
"Maybe you would strip naked in front of Jack and let him take photos?" He laid that proposal out there. Seeing that I didn't scream 'No', Bill continued.
"Maybe you get a bit sexual, masturbating with your dildo, or sucking cock?" Bill said. "Jack could take photos of you and me. And I can take photos of you and Jack."
'You and Jack'? Those words stuck in my head. Thinking about this sort of play made me tingle again. I knew that most women wouldn't even consider being so sexual in front of other men. But I wanted to do this. And it appeared that Bill wanted me to do this. He really did love the thought of sharing me with other men. I remembered when I bought a large dildo which I named Charlie, he said something about seeing me with another man's cock in my pussy.
"You want me to do this, don't you? You want me to play with Jack? And I still control the limits, right?" I asked for clarification.
"Absolutely! I think it is really hot. I get hard thinking about it." Bill said.
I leaned over and gave him a big sloppy kiss.
"I'll do it. It will be a lot of fun." I gave him his answer. "Call Jack and see if he can come over next Friday?"
Bill made the call and Jack accepted in an instant.
- - - - -
Jack arrived Friday evening. He was super pleased to be asked back to watch another photo session, but Bill had given him no other details. We had decided to not say anything specific about how far sexually we would allow the activities, but to wing-it as we went along.
Bill and Jack were in position in the bedroom when I came out of the bathroom. I wore one of Bill's white dress shirts. Underneath was a matching red demi-cup bra and thong set. Again Jack whistled.
"Looking hot, Eve." Jack said.
"Thank you Jack." I replied with a big smile on my face. "Be sure to take lots of photos."
As was my usual, I began with some standing poses. Bill indicated for Jack to get out of his chair and stand next to Bill to take some photos. Jack choose to get down on a knee and shoot some photos while looking up at me. 'Creative' I thought.
I proceeded to unbutton and strip off the shirt before I got onto the bed. Jack was so excited and was rapidly taking photos. Bill was taking some photos, but was more interested in the interaction between me and Jack. I made note of this and started posing more for Jack.
I got on the bed and quickly went through a few standard poses of kneeling and sitting.
"What poses would you like to see?" I asked Jack.
Jack turned to Bill, who smiled and nodded for Jack to take the lead on the photo poses. Jack gave a few directions and took some photos.
I turned towards Jack while upright on my knees.
"Shall I remove my bra?" I asked him with a smile.
He again glanced back at Bill who was still smiling and nodding in approval.
"Yeah, take it off. Show me those fabulous titties." Jack directed.
The demi-cup bra I was wearing had a front closure. I reached up and unfastened the clasp and slowly pulled away the bra cups, exposing my D-cup breasts. My nipples were already hard. Jack was taking photos quickly. I cupped my breasts and then played and pulled on my nipples. I could see Jack getting hard in his pants. I wondered how well he was endowed, and if given a chance, would I enjoy his cock inside me. I shook my head, to get the thought out of my head.
"Rub your pussy." Jack told me. He was getting a bit more assertive.
I played with a nipple with one hand, and ran my other hand over my pussy, still enclosed in my thong.
"Yeah, like that." Jack said while taking more photos.
I slid my thumbs into the sides of my thong waistband. I pulled the sides down a couple of inches and then looked back at Jack.
"Yeah, take it off." Jack said without a thought to ask Bill.
I slowly peeled off the thong while Jack took more photos. I noticed that Bill had pulled his cock out of his pants. He was stroking himself with one hand while taking photos with the other hand.
I went through some erotic poses for Jack. It was obvious that he was focused on my pussy, so I did poses to allow him different views.
"Play with yourself." Jack commanded and I immediately started to finger myself. I was already very wet and so horny. Having Jack tell me what to do, while Bill stood to the side and watched, was an incredible rush. My body had never tingled so much. My pussy ached. I wondered how far Jack might go, and how far Bill would allow Jack to go. Jack appeared eager to take photos of me fingering my pussy.
My husband was now naked and was actively taking photos. Jack realized he was the only one clothed, put his cell phone down, and started stripping off his clothes. He was watching Bill for his reaction. Bill turned to Jack, smiled and again nodded approval.
I was watching Jack strip. When he pulled down his briefs, I had a good view of his cock which was fairly erect and appeared to be above average size. My pussy throbbed. This was so erotic and I was so very horny. Without a lot of thought, I decided to take a risk and push the envelope.
"I am so horny! I need someone to fuck me!" I exclaimed as I continued to finger my wet pussy. I wasn't sure if Bill would be the one, or whether he wanted Jack to fuck me while Bill watched and took pictures.
Jack was looking at me. He was obviously unsure what the rules and limits were as they applied to his activities. I spread my legs further open towards him and laid my head back on the bed, waiting for someone to take me.
"Go ahead Jack." I heard Bill say while he continued to take photos. I could see that Bill was very horny. I guess he really did want to watch Jack have sex with me. Bill produced a condom package from somewhere and handed it to Jack. Jack smiled as he opened the package and rolled the condom down his cock. My body tingled in sexual excitement.
Jack moved over me and slid his sheathed cock into my wet, waiting pussy. He grabbed my legs with his hands and held my legs up and spread me wide open. His cock inside me felt fabulous, filling me.
"Eve, you are so sexy." Jack said as if trying to be a gentleman while fucking another man's wife.
"Fuck me hard, Jack." I told him. I couldn't believe that this was happening so quickly. We had gone from taking photos, to actual sex in a very short time. All of this happened with Bill's consent, and appeared to be within his expectations. After all, he had produced a condom so quickly for Jack to use.
Bill continued to take photos, his cock bobbing in the air, while Jack began pumping his cock in and out of me.
I never imagined that this scenario would actually be happening. I was having sex with my husband's business client, Jack, while my husband, Bill, watched and took photos. Knowing that this is what Bill wanted, I let myself enjoy the sex.
Jack had a good sized cock which filled me very nicely. It really felt good. But I could tell that Jack was intent on his own pleasure with little attention to my needs. He was grunting and groaning as he continued to thrust harder and harder into my cunt. I didn't know how long Jack would last until he had his orgasm and that would be the end of this.
I decided to take matters into my own hands, literally. With my left hand I pulled and pinched my nipples. I snaked my right hand between our bodies and could twiddle my clit.
"Oh fuck!" I hissed as a rush of pleasure radiated out from my clit.
"Do it babe!" I heard my husband say as he tried to position himself to capture photos of my activities.
Jack's cock pounding my pussy felt incredible. I was so horny I thought my body would explode. I couldn't believe how naughty we were. I continued to pull my nipples and rub my clit.
"Fuck, Eve. You are making me so horny." Jack was aware of what I was doing and my actions was affecting him as well. "I'm about to cum!"
Jack was huffing and puffing while thrusting harder and harder. I could feel his cock swelling inside my sloppy tunnel. I knew he was about to cum. I pinched my clit, hard, and that set of my orgasm. It felt like my body exploded.
"OH FUCK! OH FUCK! OH FUCK!" I screamed while my body spasmed. My vaginal muscles clenched tight around Jack's cock and I felt his body orgasm.
"OOOOOOOHHHH GGGGOOOODDDD." Jack howled out long. His body froze as he locked in place. I could feel his cock pulse as it spurt loads of cum into his condom inside me.
Jack collapsed on top of me. It dawned on me that this was the first time I had sex with another man, other than my husband, in many years. It was such a surreal experience, especially with my husband a few feet away still taking photos.
After a few moments of rest, Jack raised up, pulled out of my pussy and rolled off the bed. He stumbled off to the bathroom to remove his cum-filled condom.
"That appeared fantastic." Bill said to me. "Did that feel as good as it looked?"
I turned to look at him and could see his hard cock leaking pre-cum. I was still processing how he could get so horny watching me having sex with another man. He obviously was enjoying this greatly.
"Definitely a new experience." was all I could think to say.
About that time Jack walked back in the room. He had cleaned up some and began to get dressed.
"Thank you Eve. You are a great piece of ass." Jack said with all sincerity. "Sorry to rush, but I got to go."
"I'll catch you later to share photos." said Bill.
'Oh, Yeah. Photos.' I thought while realizing that all of this was caught in photos on both their cameras.
I nervously smiled and wave goodbye to Jack as Bill walked with him to the door. I wondered what might happen with those photos. Who would I want to see them? How much of an exhibitionist had I become? How slutty was I?
In a few moments Bill returned, his cock still hard and waving in front of him as he walked.
"Hey honey." I said to Bill. "Come join me."
I was suddenly filled with love for my husband because of what I perceived to be his sacrifice for my pleasure. But maybe it wasn't so much him sacrificing his wife to another man, as it was that he wanted to watch another man enjoy me sexually. He wanted to share me.
I spread my legs wide open for Bill to see my well fucked pussy. He was staring intently at my crotch, his cock twitching. I could see that he was extremely horny.
"Jack just got me warmed up." I said seductively. "Please come fuck me senseless."
And Bill did just that.
- - - - -
The next morning I joined Bill at the breakfast table. He had his laptop open and was viewing the photos he had taken last night. There were a lot a really good photos, some sexy, some erotic, and others were just downright pornographic. Bill spent the most time reviewing the photos he took of Jack's cock in my wet pussy.
"You really get off on those, don't you?" I asked.
Bill paused a moment and then said in an apologetic tone, "Yeah, I really do. Is that terrible of me to want to see someone else's cock in your pussy? I think that is about the most erotic thing in the world."
"No. Not terrible at all." I replied. "I was really turned on by you watching me have sex with Jack. Overall the experience for me was erotic and extremely sexual."
I paused to see his reaction. Then I was more direct. "Is it terrible that I really enjoyed being fucked by another man? You know that it's just sex. You are my husband and I only love you."
"I'm glad you enjoyed it. I was afraid you were only fucking Jack to please me." Bill replied.
Bill's response shocked me. But it drove home the point that he really wanted to watch me have sex with other men. If this was something we both wanted, I could use this to my own advantage. However, I needed to have some control, especially about who was asked to have sex with me. Or was I assuming there would be others? I had many questions but decided to first ask about the photos.
"We have a lot of photos of me there. Some erotic. Some pornographic. Which of these do you want to post online?" I asked.
"I definitely want to post some of your strip tease. You look really hot in those, and some are really good photos." Bill replied. "What do you think?"
Bill had pointed out several of the early photos that he liked and I agreed with those selections.
"Yeah. Those are hot. Let's post those." I told him. "What about the others?"
I was asking about the more explicit photos of Jack having sex with me. We hadn't posted anything like that before other than the fat dildo in my pussy. But definitely not pictures of me having sex with anyone else, Bill or Jack. These new photos were very risqué. Hell, they were pornographic. But the thought of posting some of these for strangers to view was very thrilling for the exhibitionist inside of me.
"How do you feel about posting some of these pics of me and Jack?" I asked.
Bill looked at me with a look of shock. "Really? You would be willing to post some of these?"
"I think we should ask Bill first, and likely need to hide his face." I answered. "But it would be really erotic to post some of these. I bet my fans go crazy."
His expression changed from shock to pleasure. He was almost giddy about the thought of posting these porn photos of his wife on the Internet.
"I'll call Jack right now." Bill was eager to get Jack's approval and then post some of my new photos.
- - - - -
Jack agreed to posting photos that included him, as long as his face was hidden or blurred. Bill posted the photos, a few at a time, beginning with the opening strip tease. These photos drew lots of responses. The guys loved the pics and wanted to see more. They always want to see more. And the feedback was such a sexual rush for me that I wanted to show them more.
When Bill posted the pictures of me playing with my nipples, and then fingering my exposed pussy, the replies became much more sexual. My followers were like sharks that smell blood. I could feel their heat and excitement. They were applying pressure, wanting more.
Later the next day Bill posted a couple of pics of Jack and me having sex, including a close-up of Jack's cock balls deep in my pussy. The picture thread exploded! So many complements and so many followers that were jealous of my husband. Bill then posted that those photos were not him with me, but a business associate.
That really ignited my fans who wanted to know if I was a 'Hot Wife' or if I had a 'Hall Pass'? Was it a one-time pass? Or an open pass? Was it exclusive to that lucky fellow? Or might I be available to have sex with others?
"Good questions, aren't they?" I asked Bill while looking over his shoulder at his computer screen. "I also would like to know the answers?"
"I've created a monster!" Bill said in an exasperated voice. He appeared overwhelmed by the responses and questions on our picture thread. He had welcomed Jack to fuck me and now many men wanted to fuck me.
"Bill, more than once you've told me that you get off on the idea of watching me having sex with someone else." I decided to really push the limits, to see how far he would let me go. "Is it really okay for me to have sex with other men?"
"Would you want Jack to come over again?" Bill responded. "We know him. It's a safe arrangement. Did you enjoy having sex with him?"
"To be honest, Jack was okay." I replied. "I think most of the thrill last night was that it was the first time to have sex with another man while you watched. But Jack was focused on his own needs and not attentive to my needs. I'm not saying I want someone to love me. You Bill, are my husband and my lover. What I want with another sex partner is someone that will be considerate of my sexual needs, as well as his own."
Bill sat in silence as he thought about what I had said. Then he responded.
"So you want to have sex with other men? And I can be there to watch and take photos?" he asked.
"Basically, Yes." I said. "I would like to have sex with other men. Would you be okay with me having sex with whomever I want, whenever I want? Do you want me to be a hot wife? Or do I have a Hall Pass?" I asked.
"Maybe a limited Hall Pass." he replied. He thought about his response and continued.
"First, I want to watch. It was such a rush to share you. To be honest, one of the most erotic experiences in my life was watching you being fucked by Jack. I can't explain why that makes me so horny."
It hit me that this was really happening, and could result in a wonderful, major change in our sex life.
"Is that the only limit? So I can have anyone as long as you get to watch?" I asked for more clarification.
Again Bill thought a moment before he responded. "I'd like to know who will be having sex with you. Not that I will tell you who you can fuck, and who you can't fuck. More like a consulting role. I want both of us to be comfortable with the choice of a sex partner."
"That sounds reasonable." I said. "So I assume this is more than a one-time thing? How often can I have sex with someone else?"
"Once a week?" His answer came quick, as if he had thought about this. But it was in the form of a question, as if he was hoping for my agreement. Bill was negotiating with me concerning having an open sex life.
"We can see how that goes." I said in firm voice. I was shifting to a more empowered role. Maybe I was becoming too bold, and too horny thinking about all the sex I may be having.
I was already considering which males I knew that I wanted to have sex with. Or maybe I also wanted to have sex with strangers. Which would be better, people I know or strangers? Which would be safer?
"Does this sharing of my body only allow me to have sex with people we know already? What about a stranger? Wouldn't it be hot for me to have sex with a stranger? And what safety precautions should I use?" Our discussion led to more questions on my part.
"Definitely use protection. I know you are on the Pill, but we need protection from other things like STDs. Always use condoms." he replied.
I nodded my head and could agree to that. I preferred bareback, but this would be a new, and dangerous, sex world. I would need protection, for myself and for Bill's sake.
We sat in silence for a moment. I couldn't think of any other questions at the moment, but I felt certain that more would arise later. This was the opening of a major change in our life style and I was certain that more issues would arise.
"Anything else?" I asked.
Bill looked at me with sexual desire written across his face.
"Talking about this has me so fucking horny. I think my cock is going to explode." Bill said as he stood and pulled me out of my chair. We practically ran to our bedroom.
Bill wasn't lying about his cock. It was so swollen, purple, and hard as a rock. I was already dripping wet from our discussion and I wanted him to take me. We fucked like a pair of 18 year olds, instead of the 28 year olds we were. He gave me three massive orgasms from different positions before he unloaded his cum deep within me. Our sex was insanely intense, maybe the best of our lives.
Afterward, Bill rolled off of me and quickly fell asleep.
= = = = = = = = = =
Jack - Epilogue
Jack turned out to be less than what I wanted in a sex partner. He was too focused on his own needs rather than mine. I never had sex with him again. But I will always know that being with Jack was the first time Bill really shared me with another man.
As the weeks and months went by, Bill shared me with other men. I posted the stories and photos of those sex encounters online. I am sure that Jack knows that I continued having sex with men other than my husband. But he has never asked why we never invited him back into our bed.