The thumping of the bass thundered through her entire body as she at the booth, near the back of the bar. It was a standard Saturday night as far as going out drinking went and she needed it after the week she'd had. Dimly lit and smoky, the lasers from the dance floor pulsed across the dry ice fog as twenty to thirty people drunkenly swayed in no real rhythm. Most of the men on the floor didn't appear to be with anyone, just grinding on whomever would let them. That whomever, turned out to be most of the women on the floor, eagerly reciprocating the advances until the song was over.
She watched from her seat while she sipped on her long island iced tea. Being a real college crowd the bar was packed with an equal split of men and women, mostly drunk by now as it was getting close to midnight. The drinks, though still flowing quickly throughout their bodies, had taken a backseat to raging hormones and the smell of sweat. Not the nasty smell of a locker room, but a sweet, damp musk in the room.
A young twenty something woman was gyrating on a man's upper thigh as they moved around the floor, oblivious to everyone else. The girl had her arms wrapped around the man, hands firmly on his ass while she slid up and down his leg.
Well, this is interesting to watch,she thought as she gazed through the smoke. There was no fear of being caught, people were in their own little worlds, either drinking or dancing or otherwise milling about. This was much more entertaining than trying to follow a conversation with the drooling gorilla of a man that had approached her earlier in the evening before she shooed him away.
The woman had turned around now, ass pressed against the crotch of the man's jeans, sliding up and down and up and down in chorus with the beat of bass.There was no way that guy wasn't hard as a fucking rock by now. He had to be.She continued to watch from her table as the young woman turned back around and pulled the man's thigh back hard, in between her legs. She grinded and thrust against it as she tossed her hair back over her shoulder. The look on her face was no longer that of a naughty, flirtatious, college kid.She's totally using him, she thought! The woman slid the length of his upper leg then grabbed the back of his hip, one hand on each side and proceeded to fuck it, grinding her clit against him as her skirt rode higher. He appeared to push back into her, giving her leverage.
She hadn't taken another drink, she was too stunned staring doe eyed at this public display of, well, sex. That's what they were doing. Sure, they might be dressed but things are flowing, she could tell.
As she watched, the girl's chest heaved faster as she tried to catch her breath, now seconds away from actually having an orgasm in the middle of this dance floor.
I don't think she cares that much right now about privacy...
The girl rode the man's leg faster and with a fierce determination to finish herself off, using him. She gave a final thrust then her head fell into his shoulder and he wrapped his arms around her waist to support her weak knees. They swayed, barely moving as the song ended. The woman pulled her skirt back down to it's proper position and without so much as a whisper, as far as she could tell anyways, turned and regrouped with her friends, grabbing her cocktail glass with it's typical little umbrella sticking out of it.
What had she just watched? A woman had just fucking came on some random guy's leg in the middle of a dancefloor!She had been here on multiple weekends and though people often got hot and heavy, it was more of the g-r-o-s-s hot and heavy, where you just hoped they'd find a room so you didn't have to bear witness to one more drunken tongue sliding across a woman's sweaty neck.
Looking around, it didn't appear as if anyone noticed except her. She'd long since been abandoned by her friends that had wandered off individually to flirt or drink with other friends and potential hook ups. The other patrons were too drunk or too self involved to notice, as far as she could tell anyways. Maybe they just plain old didn't care. Either way, she had just gotten to see her first ever live sex show and from the electric feeling coursing through her body, shereally, reallyliked it.
Where can I see this kind of thing again? Fuck, that was hot. Maybe a swinger's club?It popped into her head before she even had time to process it. She knewofthose places, but she'd sure never considered actually going to one. That all changed in that four-and-a-half-minute song and the pulsing lights. If the goosebumps were any indication of how she was feeling about seeing that display with her own eyes, she had better look into it. The best part of that thought, was thatno one would know.She could check a club out all on her own and though she'd be nervous, she wasn't intimidated. Visualizing people fucking, like actually fucking, in front of her, dispelled any apprehension.
That was for another night. Tonight was drawing to a close and she couldn't wait to get back to her dorm and take care of business herself. If she timed it right, she could beat her room mates back and wouldn't have to worry about noise.
Walking up to pay her tab, she slid through the crowd the best she could but it was almost fruitless. The bar was packed and no one could hear her mousey,excuse me's,as she navigated through the stream of people. It was almost a blessing as she realized she was a bit drunker than she first thought. Not in a bad way, but the effects were taking hold and there had to be actual thought put into her actions. Walking in a straight line was still happening, but the heat of the bar and the alcohol was definitely becoming a factor.
She made it to the front, paid up to the bartender with all the shit in her face, the one that made her think she should stay away from magnets. Turning around to sneak out and get outside into some fresh air, she walked straight into WetThighBoy. He glanced at her and nodded but then completely out of character, she spoke up to him, "Nice dance moves, you might want to wash your jeans in cold water though".
He sheepishly smiled, busted. "All I did was stand there, I didn't do anything wrong."
Silly man, he must think I'm friends with her or something. "From the looks of things,I think you did everything right"she said, then breezed past him. She slightly extended her hand to brush it against his arm. As she touched him, those goosebumps shot back across her body and his tricep tightened up. He turned, grabbed her gently but firmly by the arm and asked if she'd have a drink with him.
Obviously, he's not with anyone. She let herself be lead to the back of the bar, beside the washrooms. It was fairly congested still as the customers milled about, some obviously drunker than others. You could always tell who was the drunkest as they were always the loudest.People think the general public loses their ability to hear when someone else is drinking.
She put the drink down on the counter that lined the back wall and as she turned around to make small talk with Captain DampLeg, he put his hand on her lower back.
"Which of my fancy moves was your favourite?" he asked.
"This one." She squatted a bit and not so gracefully, dry humped his leg while grunting. "Of course, it probably hits the right spots a lot better in a skirt than in overalls." As she straightened back up, giggling, she noticed his pants had a wet streak on them. The girl on the dance floor hadn't been wearing underwear! Either that or she was a Gusher; but there was definitely 'evidence' of some action that had surpassed the flirtatious level out there.
He smirked at her, not in a condescending way but in a way like, "Yup, I did that and that's that." They were college kids after all and they certainly weren't going to be judged for acting outwardly sexual.That's what college is for, she told herself again and again over the last year at school.
Without a moments notice or any further small talk, he was moving towards her face. She felt lips part as he kissed her and a tongue darted across hers. Not even the briefest hesitation and she was kissing him back. He didn't exactly ask permission but right at this moment, she was more concerned that he'd stop kissing her. This man was sexy as fuck, turned on from being dry humped and available to her. It's like someone had started his engine then walked away and left him revved up for her. She stopped and looked around to see if anyone was watching them; particularly if there was a hidden girlfriend about to slap her. But...nothing. No one looked at them and if they did, it was only a fleeting glance while they went about their chatting and drinking.
Right. Fucking. Now. He wanted her and she wanted him. She moved closer to him and turned so her back faced the bar. Grabbing his hand, she moved it to her breast and applied pressure. She needed to let him know right now, that she was game. He gave it a squeeze and pulled away but she took it back and pushed it hard against her tit. She was never a girl to take a little casual caress of the breast. She liked her tits squeezed and manhandled, nipples flicked and sucked hard. Not to the point of pain, but she wasn't a child and she knew that she wanted some force behind it.
"If you're going to play with my tits, play with my tits" she stated. She didn't think she had ever said the words 'tits' so loudly before but being heard in this environment meant being vocal.
He heard her.
She expected a hand on her chest but instead she felt the snap of one of her coverall buttons as he undid one side. Slipping a hand down to her waist so that he could track down the bottom hem of her shirt, she felt his skin graze her panty. Then he continued up, inside her shirt and grabbed her bare tit. He squeezed her nipple between his thumb and index finger, tweaking it, but it was already hard. He took her whole tit in his hand and gave it a squeeze and then caressed the side of her other breast as he continued to suck on her tongue. Kissing and groping, they slid their hands over each other's chests as the music thumped in the background. He wasn't rough but he handled her tits aggressively, letting her know that he knew what he was doing. He definitely, knew what he was doing.
She pulled back away and he started to protest until she put her lips against his ear and said, "If my nipples are hard, it usually means my pussy is wet." She slid up against the counter their abandoned drinks were on and moved closer to the bathroom door. Opening it and stepping in, she saw it was empty and she quickly grabbed his hand and pulled him in. The door closed behind them and as the music became a dull throbbing beat in the background, she walked to the furthest stall and lead him in.
They closed and locked the stall door behind them, knowing they were likely about to get caught anyways. For now, it was worth it to be alone.
He smiled and with quickened breaths spun her around so she had her back to the door, leaning against it. Alcohol had diminished their inhibitions so completely that she didn't wait for him to make a further move. She unbuttoned the other side of her overalls and the purple, corduroy straps fell away from her shoulders and down to her waist. She widened her legs slightly to make room for him as he saddled up against her and continued to kiss her. Her lips, her neck, up and down and behind her ear as she tilted her head and felt his hands on her bare tits and then around her waist, pulling her against him.
She could feel how hard he was through his pants and hers. He'd probably been throbbing since that other girl had fucked his thigh and came all over him. Well now she wanted to be used as much as she wanted to use him. Putting her hands on his tight ass, she grinded herself against his crotch, feeling her panties slide against her lips as his hard cock pressed against her. Things were wet. Very wet. There was definitely a difference between banging out a quick orgasm before you fell asleep at night and actually getting felt up by a guy in a bar bathroom with a cumstain on his pants and your tits out. Classy girl she was, but hey, this worked and exceptionally well from the warmth she felt down below.
They kept kissing. She liked kissing, it really did it for her. It wasn't just foreplay or something she 'should' do with a guy, she loved it. It turned her on and after a couple minutes of it, kissing made her want cock. Hard, full, thick, cock. This had been going on for about twenty minutes now so she more than wanted some 'adult action'. Of course, getting kissed, feeling a man pushed up against you and having your tits and nipples rubbed for an extended amount of time, may have contributed to the wet panties situation.
He wiggled his hand down into the waist of her coveralls and without the shoulder straps done up, they fell down to her ankles. There she was in her underwear, shirt on but no bra, overalls around her ankles, in a bar.Aren't you proud, mom?I don't even know his name.She would think later on that night as she replayed it over and over again in her head. It sure wasn't a thought she had at that moment though.
They heard a couple of women come into the bathroom, talking loudly. Their hearts pounded as each girl went into a stall and closed the door. He flicked his tongue against her lips and silently smiled at her. She continued to hold her breath, afraid the girls would hear them but at the same time, not really caring because the absolute worst case scenario is that they got caught and had to leave the bar.Fuck it, we can just go back to his car then.But nothing happened. The ladies finished and grabbed their drinks off the bathroom counter, drunkenly chatted as they washed their hands and left the bathroom.
His large hand pushed against the front of her panties and she moaned out loud. She took him by the wrist and pressed his palm against her abdomen, under the waistband of her underwear and down. He slid his fingers down her wetness, all the way, then back up, gently, but firmly. Her lips were already parted and she felt the tips of his fingers curve against her opening. The base of his palm pushed up against her hard clit which had come out to play as well. He went to slowly slip a finger in but there was no 'slowly'tonight. The last half hour or so had prepped her body for fucking and his index and middle finger disappeared deep inside her wet pussy. Maybe he had gotten used to fingerfucking women who were barely damp but she was good to go and in they pushed. He pulled his fingers out and glided up and over her clit, getting it slippery as she felt a million nerves fire at once. Shoving them back in and up her, he did it faster and harder then pulled them out again. This time, all the way up and out of her panties as he looked at her cum on his fingers. Her shirt was half hiked up and he rubbed her wetness on her hard nipple and then sucked it off.I could cum in my panties right now.
Now, things were out of hand. She had passed the point of being able to control herself and if she had acted like a lady at some point in the evening, that was out the window at this point. She wanted him, needed him. She reached down and tried to undo his jeans but her fingers were shaking with anticipation. With glistening fingers, he undid the button and unzipped his fly. A very hard, very full looking cock sprung from his boxers. She stared at how thick it looked and took it in her hand and squeezed from the base all the way up to the tip. A clear, large drop of cum appeared and stayed there. She slid her fingers over it, rubbing it over the head of his cock and then licked the rest of her thumb.
That was enough for him as well. He gave her the smile again, which at first she had taken as suave but now looked just plain old horny, like he was about to unleash on her.
Spinning her around, she grabbed the top of the stall door and pushed her ass out. He took her by the panty elastic and pulled her against him, his cock sliding between her thighs and against the fabric of her sopping underwear. She was certain she could feel every bump of a fully engorged vein and the head of his thick cock slide between her pussy lips.
He pulled her panties down and left them around her knees. A strand of her clear cum stretched between her lips and down to her bunched up underwear.No lube required.She felt him push against her opening and then slip right in against her smooth lips. The first inch inside and then she felt the 'pop' as the head of his cock made it in. Her ass thrust back against his thighs, taking his whole entire cock in one push. His balls hit her clit, and he pulled back and slammed it back in as she moaned in pleasure. She tightened her grasp on the door, not caring if anyone came into the bathroom right now. She felt him fuck her, his hands up her shirt and holding her tits as he thrusted in and out of her. The wetness dripped off his cock as squeezed her nipples. Moving his hands back, he spread her ass cheeks and the vulnerability of her pink asshole turned her on even more. He pulled out, pushed himself against her ass, and then he spit on it, trying to work his way in. He got the head in and then must have thought better of not having lube and popped it back out, shoving it in her soaked pussy. She was wet, but she could feel every stroke. Hands on her ass cheeks, rubbing them and banging away. She stood against the door, pushing back, fucking his cock as much as he was fucking her. Feeling the heartbeat in her clit, she came on his cock and squeezed down, gripping his shaft as she let a flurry of moans and whispers escape her lips. He grunted, pulled her against him, pushing hard inside her and deep, letting his load of cum pump out inside her. He didn't stop fucking her when he started to cum like most guys. He kept pulling it almost out then slamming it in. Each spurt of it coated the walls of her used, wet pussy as he emptied into her.
He stayed inside her and collapsed on top of her with just enough weight to let her know she had fucked the shit out of him. Out of breath, both of them spent, he slowly pulled his empty, dripping cock out of her. The panties around her knees were saturated before he pulled them down but as he was cumming, it was also running out of her and into them. His cock withdrew from her pussy and lips remained slippery and open as a the white cum flowed out of her, down her thigh and into her panties. He watched for a second, admiring what he'd done to her, then helped her hike her clothes back up.
Tucking his cock back into his jeans, he said, "Thank you, that was really fucking hot."
He reached a hand out, squeezed her ass and noticed her overalls were a shade of purple too dark to reflect any stains or wet spots, thankfully. Then he undid the lock and walked out of the stall and into the crowd.
She waited a minute or so to compose herself and strolled out to find her friends. As she weaved through the crowd, she may not have been able to smell the sex on herself, but she could sure as hell feel it filling her panties.
This time it was her that let a little, suave smile, shine cross her lips.