As she stepped out of the car, Shannon's face immediately turned red. Although she had checked twice before getting out, she couldn't help but feel that someone was watching her on this empty 5th-floor roof of a parking lot. If someone had been, what a sight she would be! Shannon's bright red hair was accented nicely by the neon nylon rope holding her hands behind her back and her feet together. Her tits were pushed out by the same rope, and nipple clamps brought color to her now very red areolas. Her master did know how to tie a knot properly.
The aforementioned master now passed the gate and sped down the car ramp, taking Shannon's only chance of seclusion with it. She was new to this whole "exhibition" thing. Shannon was great with clamps, whips, knots and gags, but never had she liked them in public. Luckily, her master was a benevolent soul, and agreed to ease her into this new class of kink. Today, Shannon only had to stand up on this roof for an hour before she could leave. There was parking pace below, so no one would have a reason to come up to the roof, and Shannon had a pair of clothes and a key to the personal stair hatch that led to the first floor with her wrapped up in a little package, for when her task was over.
Of course, she hadn't planned this package very well, as Shannon was quite klutzy. Looking at it now, Shannon realized that the layers of tape and cardboard would take a while to open, bound as she was. After a brief consideration, Shannon decided to open the package and leave it's contents in easy, quick reach should she need them. She squatted down, and picked up the package with her hands still tied behind her back. She brought the package to the concrete ledge overlooking the garage, and started fiddling with it. Shannon cursed herself for taping it so much, and started fiddling with it even more. Too late, she realized her mistake. As her clumsy bound hands pushed the package off the ledge, Shannon felt her heart sink. She heard a muffled thwack as her only escape fell to the floor, 50 feet below her.
After some time of terrified thinking, Shannon came to the only conclusion available. She would have to get her package. Her master dropped her off here with the intention of meeting her at home, after a night out with his friends. He would be drunk or asleep until noon the next day, and she couldn't wait here that long. She had no cell phone, no car, and no one that knew where she was. If she didn't get her things now, someone might steal it, and then Shannon would have to walk home, naked, in the middle of the night. She gathered her resolve as best she could, and headed for the car ramp.
As she headed into the first floor, Shannon was relieved to find only a few cars there, all with no one in them. She walked as quickly as possible to the next ramp on the other side of the lot. Her walk was agonizingly slow due to her ankle and thigh ties, and every noise made Shannon jump. As she waked about halfway through the lot, she heard footsteps echoing up the ramp. Shannon barely had time to shuffle over behind the nearest car before a woman walked into the garage. Dressed in a business suit and skirt, she walked over to her Mercedes only 2 cars over from Shannon. Shannon relaxed a she heard the woman get in, and drive down the car ramp. Quickly, Shannon began her walk again, and soon reached the ramp.
As she walked into the third floor, Shannon's heart fluttered. Walking away from her was a group of men, likely heading to their cars from work. Shannon shuffled as fast as she could to cover, but it was too late. One of the men turned around as he heard her feet on the floor, and shouted in surprise. His friends looked over as well. Shannon was a deer in headlights as the men whistled and gestured at her. However, as they started walking over, her instincts kicked in and she ran. Sadly, she had been frozen too long, and these men were too fast for her. they quickly outrun her, and 2 of the 3 grabbed each of her wrists, roughly pulling her back. Laughing, they started groping her. Shannon yelped out in protest, but they simply groped harder. They pushed her to her knees, and the one not holding her unzipped his pants. Shannon felt her betrayal as she saw her thighs glistening at the sight of this man's 8 inch behemoth. The men made a joke Shannon couldn't hear, and shoved her face first into the massive pole. Her instincts then kicked in, and her well trained hole started it's work. Her hands stopped struggling and started stroking. In 5 minutes all three men had come. The most massive cock went down her throat, and Shannon didn't even taste the semen. The other two came on her arms and tits, covering her in a massive pile of creamy liquid. The men zipped up and started to leave Shannon kneeling on the concrete, but one man turned around. He pulled a sharpie from his pocket, and wrote across her forehead, cheeks, and tits "SLUT".
After sitting in orgasmic glory for a while, Shannon finally snapped back to reality. She gasped as she realized what she had just done. It dawned on her that she really was what the men had named: Slut. Shannon stood up, and continued on her journey. It was later now, and people had left much of the parking garage. Shannon passed floor two with no incident.
When she reached the final floor, Shannon's eyes met that of 10 people. Each mouth agape as they realized what she looked like. The thick cum and writing accented her rope and clamps perfectly, and Shannon felt her pussy tingling as the onlookers watched. She walked right past a man and kissed him thickly, moving her hand to his bulge. After a few moments, she broke with him and began walking to the exit. She made sure to show all the stunned audience her puckered asshole as she straight-leg picked up her package. She decided not to wear clothes as she walked home in the night, and more than one passionate grope was given to her on her way - not that she minded anymore.
The next morning, her master greeted her as she made his breakfast, and asked how her exhibition task had gone. Shannon flashed the biggest smile and said "I absolutely loved it."