It was a lovely mid-Friday afternoon as Celine drove towards the home she shared with her husband of two years in Menlo Park, just one of the numerous formerly small towns that collectively constitute the megaplex known as Silicon Valley. Celine, now in her early thirties, had grown up virtually next door in Palo Alto. After graduating from Pali High she had spent four years getting an English degree at San Jose State. She tried teaching for a couple of years but had soon found other things more interesting to her. One was commercial real estate, a booming business in Silicon Valley. Not finding an easy entrance into the business, she had settled for working as a commercial escrow officer for a title company. She found the escrow officer's job entertaining, watching the huge sums of money go around and making sure it all wound up in the right accounts, which basically meant it came from the lenders and went to everyone else involved in the deal.
Another interest was the pick-up culture of Silicon Valley. She bounced from man to man for several years with no thought of a need for a long-term relationship, or even their names in a few circumstances. For Celine sex was a good thing, an important part of living, and she saw no need to constrain it to a long term committed relationship.
Then she met Ron. Ron was a gorgeous hunk of a man, well over six feet and broad shouldered with wavy blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. He was great in bed with a creative and lascivious mind that never ceased to amaze her. She usually told people she met Ron through her work. Actually their first meeting was a pick-up in a bar, but that hardly counted since neither remembered the other's name in the morning. They had gotten drunk, very drunk, and had wound up with her giving him a blow job in the back of his Suburban that was in the parking structure below the bookstore and cafe next-door to the bar. Two days later he had walked into the title company where Celine worked. The two found themselves standing opposite each other in a hallway, immediately saying an awkward hello as neither of was able recall the other's name. It was a bit painful but they got past the issue.
Ron was ten years older than her and already a successful developer of commercial real estate. He and his investors owned buildings throughout the South Bay. Within a couple of years Celine and Ron were married (Ron's second marriage) and living comfortably in a corner of Menlo Park. Since their marriage the two of them had lived a life of monogamy but not so much out of some moral commitment as simply being busy people who were getting great sex from each other and had neither the time nor the need to seek sex from others. They had agreed to get married, but never really discussed the issue of monogamy. It wasn't mentioned in their marriage vows.
The house was a modest one, by the standards of Silicon Valley. But she and Ron had no plans for children (he already had two by his first marriage in the custody of his wife in Brazil) and the home was close to a small golf course that Ron liked to play on weekends and after work. His firm had a membership in a much more prestigious course, but that was for entertaining clients. Given Ron's success they could easily have afforded something grander, perhaps something with acreage in Woodside, but neither of them felt any need for it. They put their money into another home they owned on the North Shore of Lake Tahoe.
Celine's boss had given her the afternoon off. She had no major deals pending so she really wasn't needed. On her way home she had stopped off at the Stanford Mall to visit her favorite boutique dress shop to purchase a new dress to wear to the dinner she and Ron would be attending later. Dinner would be with a business associate of Ron's and his wife. The two couples had known each other for several years but the relationship was pretty much limited to the two men's mutual business interests and the occasional business entertainment inherent in that relationship. Tonight however they were having dinner at the other couple's home in Woodside.
The dress Celine settled on was a lightweight fabric in lovely shades of blue and green that looked beautiful with her long dark brown hair and green eyes. The dress hung from straps over her shoulders exposing a good deal of chest but not a significant amount of cleavage. The fabric draped over her breasts in a way that emphasized them. The only downside was that the thin straps of the dress failed to hide her bra straps, but Celine was confident that a strapless bra she owned would solve that problem.
It fit her snugly at the waist, draping attractively over her shapely hips and falling loosely to a hem two or three inches above her knees. When she was in the dressing room she had done a little pirouette and was pleased to see the hem swirl upward exposing a good deal more thigh. Celine thought she had attractive legs and she liked to show them off, for Ron and for other men. Marriage had never interfered with Celine's enjoyment of flaunting her looks to distract random men that she saw on the street or at work. She wasn't looking for a pick-up but it was fun to watch their distraction.
The dresses' midsection fit snuggly enough to emphasize her attractive ass but unfortunately showed the line of her panties. Perhaps that could be taken care with a thong, she thought. Yes this would be the right dress for this evening she concluded as she placed it back on the hanger and redressed in her working clothes (dark slacks, a white blouse, and a dark blazer. It was a very professional look when paired with a bit of gold jewelry and a pair of gleaming, black, sling back pumps. Still the slacks fit her hips snugly enough to emphasize her shapely ass. Celine wanted to look professional but she still wanted men to notice.
After leaving the dress shop she sat in her car waiting for a light to turn and let her out of the mall's parking lot. Celine realized she was horny. Where had that come from she wondered as she sat waiting for the seemly interminable traffic light. She expected dinner tonight to be a boring affair. Much as she liked Charlie and Shana, Charlie was a client and he and Ron would likely dominate the evening with business discussion. They were both handsome people, about the same age as Ron, but she had never fantasized about them and they didn't make an appearance in the sex fantasies that Ron and Celine entertained themselves with (Ron could make up the dirtiest stories. She loved them). They were people they had known for years, but not in that way. It was just business.
However, she thought as she sat waiting for the traffic light, Charlie was a bit of a leacher, never embarrassed to stare at a woman's body and always free with his hands, not in an offensive way. Just a light touch on a woman's hands or arms, and perhaps a pat on the shoulder or back occasionally. Not offensive, but not ambiguous in its intent. She smiled at that the thought.
When the light changed she eased her car around a left turn on to Sand Hill Road. She felt a little jolt to her sex as she moved her foot from the brake to gas pedal and then back again to slow for the traffic slowly creeping up the hill. Each time she lifted her foot to the brake or back to the gas she felt a little sexual frisson as her pussy lips rubbed against each other. The traffic soon came to a complete halt as a flagger stopped her lane to give the downhill traffic priority to get around the trench being dug in the road. Rather than become frustrated she remembered Ron's advice on these situations. "We need infrastructure dear. I can't build and sell buildings unless they have access to roads and utilities that work." Ron had an amazing ability to put up with, and work around, things he couldn't change.
Celine understood Ron's logic, but waiting around and doing nothing wasn't her strong suit. Now the traffic was blocked in both directions while a tractor and a dump truck maneuvered back and forth across both sides of the road. Putting aside her annoyance she let her mind drift back to the low burn between her legs. Thinking about sex was much better than stressing about a delay she had no control over.
Now that she thought about it she realized her arousal had started when she was trying on the new dress. She had enjoyed looking at her legs in the mirror and thinking briefly about how they would arouse Ron, and other men. Satisfied with what the garment did to display her legs, she had stood facing the mirror speculating about how the dress would look if worn without a bra to solve the problem with the straps. She had reached up with both hands and held her breasts up, like she was showing them off to Ron, and then she had let them fall, followed by a brief shimmy. Her breasts were not huge, just a lovely handful as Ron put it, but she knew that watching her breasts jiggle and bounce would bring Ron (and other men) to an almost immediate erection. But it didn't work with a bra on, even the semi-effective one she was wearing today. Sure they bounced a little, but not the way she wanted them to when she was flaunting them in front of a horny man.
Still, it was only a business dinner and the strapless bra would solve the problem. She smiled to herself as she thought about the impact of the dress if worn braless on Charlie. Charlie was a client but a handsome and lecherous one. Thinking it best not to mix work with play she had just abandoned the whole idea of flirting with Charlie while still in the dressing room. She had changed back into her working clothes, placed the dress on a hanger, and taken it to the counter to pay for, doing her best to turn her mind to other things.
But now as she sat waiting in traffic her mind wandered back to the idea of wearing the dress without a bra, letting her breasts jiggle and bounce to entice Ron and even their lecherous host for this evening. Yum. Letting her mind continue to wander she expanded her naughty thoughts to the possibility of wearing her tiniest thong, or even worse, no panties at all. Yum. What fun.
Indulging in such deliciously naughty thoughts she could feel her nipples swelling in response. Celine had large dark nipples that grew quickly in response to erotic stimulation, even if it was all in her mind. Ron loved them. She smiled and let her mind continue to wander as she waited for the workers that were probably driving the others ahead of and behind her towards rage. Much better think about sex than to let yourself get frustrated with a delay beyond your control, she told herself. When the flagger standing just off her right front bumper turned away for a moment she surreptitiously slid her hand into her shirt and bra cups allowing her to pinch each of her engorged nipples. So naughty, she thought with a smile, dropping her hands quickly to her lap as the flagger turned back to face her direction.
No point in stressing about the delay as she was sure most of those around her were doing. She didn't let herself go all the way to daydreaming about sex with Ron or their host for the night. She instead focused on what delicious fun it would be to use her new dress to flaunt her body to Ron and his friend Charlie. Yes Charlie was a client but he was also a man and flaunting her better assets to men was one of her favorite things. Celine was confident the new dress would do a great job of flaunting her assets to any man who saw her in it.
When the construction guys cleared the road, the flagger flipped his sign to slow, and the traffic begin to inch slowly forward. Celine cleared her mind, as best she could, and turned her thoughts to driving up the road. She couldn't help but notice that her swollen nipples felt tender and her pussy felt damp, but the cool breeze from her open convertible felt delicious.
At Sharon Park Drive, the entrance to her little part of Menlo Park, Celine turned to the right and then almost immediately dived into the parking lot of a Safeway market to pick up a couple of items she knew they needed. As she walked through the market's aisles she noticed a couple of the male employees doing a discreet ogle. She smiled to herself thinking of how much more of a look she would get had she left her new dress on after purchasing it. Even better if she had dispensed with the bra so her boobs would jiggle as she walked through the store. Yum.
Once home she put away the groceries and poured herself a delicious warm bath to clean up for tonight's dinner, carefully shaving her legs and other important body parts. She let herself soak in the warm tub for a while. As she did so the naughty thoughts that had arisen from her dress shopping bubbled back up. She just lay back and enjoyed them, resisting the temptation to masturbate. She was feely horny and she wanted to stay aroused. Dinner would be less boring that way.
Once out of the tub and toweled down she stood in front of a floor to ceiling mirror and evaluated her 32-year-old body. Not bad she told herself. Her C-cup breasts still stood tall and firm but not so firm that they didn't jiggle nicely when she moved about and they were unconstrained by a bra. She rubbed each of her good sized lightly engorged nipples between a thumb and forefinger and felt a delicious jolt to her core.
Turning and looking over her shoulder she examined her backside. It was still firm and round with none of the jiggle or wrinkles that beautiful women all know will eventually ruin a beautiful ass. And then of course there were her long legs, her best asset she thought. Especially when worn with a pair of sandals with a three-inch heel. She stepped into the pair she intended to wear tonight and then repeated her appraisal of her naked body. Excellent, she thought. Her time in the gym was paying off.
Just out of curiosity she took the new dress off the rack she had hung it on and dropped it over her head. It was a beautiful mixture of blue and green colors that matched her long dark brown hair and bright blue eyes. Once the dress had fallen to her shoulders she shimmied a bit to make sure it was settled properly. Then she stepped before the mirror again to appraise the look. Outstanding she thought. Hmm, she thought. It looks great without a bra, especially with my aroused nipples. It does nothing to hide them. She put her hands to her chest and rubbed her nipples softly through the thin fabric of the dress causing them to swell and stand out even further beneath the soft fabric.
She walked away from the mirror and then turned and walked back towards it watching her breasts bounce and jiggle as she walked. Liking what she saw, she tried a modest shimmy. Oh yes, she smiled. This would reduce Ron and Charlie to . . . hmmm what would it reduce them to? Ron would wheedle and beg to get her to bed. Charlie . . . hmmm, . . . how nice to wonder about. He did like to ogle her. Perhaps he would want more. "But remember," she reminded herself, "he is a client—Ron's partner."
She was about to take the dress off and put undergarments on when she heard Ron coming up the stairs, just returning from a three-day trip to Los Angles. She sat down on a love seat, her legs crossed and the hem of the dress resting at mid-thigh, waiting for him to come through the door.
"Celine, I'm home."
Celine said nothing in response, waiting for the effect of the new dress. Ron was striping off his jacket when he paused halfway through the process staring at his wife. "Wow. Is that what you are wearing tonight?"
She smiled just a bit. "Thatiswhat I bought it for. Like it?"
"Stunning. May I see more?"
She rose and walked across the bedroom towards Ron deliberately adding a bit of lift to her step so her tits would bounce and jiggle at their best. Once she reached the middle of the room she paused and did a quick pirouette letting the hem swing higher showing more of her legs.
Ron was left speechless for a brief moment, his mouth hanging open. When he spoke he repeated his question, "That's what you're wearing tonight?"
"Yes. Is there a problem?"
Ron licked his lips. "Not really," he said. "So long as you are prepared to have Charlie lusting after you all evening."
"Oh," she said in mock surprise. "Will that be a problem?" She knew of course that Charlie would drool at her dressed like this all evening. That was the whole point of the new dress—to arouse lust in men, her husband, and others.
"Not for me, so long as you don't mind," Ron said.
"So you like to watch other men lust after your wife?"
Ron smiled. "Yes, as a matter of fact I do."
Celine wondered how Ron would feel about watching Charlie fuck his wife, but she kept that question to herself.
"Shall I wear a bra?" Celine asked.
"Not for me."
"And for Charlie?"
"If he had a vote he would definitely want you dressed the way you are?"
"Even this?" Celine asked as she spun pulling her dress up enough to show her naked ass.
"Oh my," Ron said. "What brought this on?"
Letting her dress drop she shrugged, "You've been gone for three days. I'm horny."
Ron laughed.
"And so are you apparently," she continued, looking pointedly at the growing bulge in his slacks.
"Well we could do something about that problem right now," he said as he opened his tie and began unbuttoning his shirt.
Celine looked at her watch and said, "No. Not now. We only have time for a quickie and I want more than that."
"Oh," he responded looking disappointed.
"I'll make it up to you after dinner."
Celine turned and walked away from Ron. She stripped her dress off, laying it on the bed and then walked naked, but for her heels, back to the love seat where she sat, letting her legs fall open. "But I know what we do have time for," she said, beckoning him towards her with a crook of her finger and a smile.
Ron walked forward until he was standing directly before her, his knees touching hers. Celine leaned forward and reached out, wrapping her fingers around his belt and pulling him forward until he was standing between her legs, his belt buckle inches from her face. She released his belt, pushing it aside to allow her to release the catch on his trousers and then to slowly, oh so slowly, drag down his zipper exposing the bulge beneath the soft cloth of his underwear. Ron was silent, savoring his wife's slow preamble to a blow job. She was a marvelous cocksucker, as he had learned that drunken night he had met her at the British Bankers Exchange. In the morning he couldn't remember her name but he certainly recalled her oral skills.
Celine pushed his trousers fully open, letting them fall to a pool around his feet. When he started to step out of them she said, "No. I want to do this like a street whore." She leaned forward and rubbed her face against the bulging cock hidden beneath his white underwear, savoring the maleness of the aroma. It was not like a freshly scrubbed prick just out of the shower. It was the musky scent that a man leaves on his undergarments after a full day of living in them. It was the smell of Ron that she had fallen in love with the first time she had given him a blow job, even though she couldn't remember his name. She took a deep breath inhaling his aroma. Her palm was stroking his shaft through the soft cloth, but her eyes were focused on the wet spot where his precum had soaked through the fabric leaving a slippery stain immediately over the tip of his prick. She put a thumb on the wet spot swirling it around and effectively massaging the tip of his cock.
Ron gasped in response, "Oh fuck."
She continued to stroke his shaft through the cloth and rub the ever-growing wet spot. His breathing was rapidly increasing. "Oh god," he said. "Suck it Celine, suck it. I love it when you suck my cock."
Celine loved sucking his cock too. In fact she loved sucking cocks in general. It had been a passion of hers ever since . . . well too long ago to admit she thought with a smile. "My god I love to suck cocks, especially this one," she said to herself.
"We're not in that big a hurry Ron," she said aloud. She also dearly loved the lead up to sucking Ron's cock. She pushed her face into his still covered prick, again savoring the maleness, the 'Ronness,' of his aroma. Her hand on his shaft slid down and cupped his balls, rolling them about in her palm even though still encased in cloth. He gasped again.
Ron had both hands atop his head, as he leaned back, gasping and forcing his groin into Celine's face. He groaned when she picked her head up and grabbed the elastic band of his shorts with her teeth, pulling it back and over the top of his rigid prick. Tugging at the bottom of his shorts she pulled them down over his legs. His prick sprang forward, dragging its way alongside her nose and mouth and leaving a streak of slippery liquid down her face as it slid by. She slid her tongue to the side and licked the short part of the streak alongside her mouth. She had always liked the mildly salty flavor.
"Take them off Ron," she commanded. He stumbled a bit as he worked to untangle his feet from his shoes and then from his trousers and finally from his under garment. "Give them to me," she commanded. He leaned forward as her hand continued to fondle his balls. When he handed the undergarment to Celine she pushed it into her face and took a deep breath. Now it was her turn to gasp; gasp at the intense maleness of the odor that was intrinsically Ron.
Dropping his shorts to her side she began to lick the sides of his shaft, starting at the base next to his balls and working her way to the tip where she ran her tongue around and over the head, savoring the taste of the leaking precum.
Ron was getting desperate. Grabbing her head with both hands and burying his fingers in her hair he growled, "Suck it Celine, suck it, suck it you slut." His language always became crude when he was aroused. She loved it.
She slipped her mouth over the head of his cock and then pulled it back sucking hard so there was an audible pop when it emerged from her mouth. Ron was silent, but for his rapid breathing as she repeated the move again and again, each time letting more accumulated saliva from her mouth to run down and lubricate the sides of his shaft. She was soon using both hands to stroke the shaft with a twisting motion. Her tongue was caressing the head of his cock when she wasn't actively sucking on it.
"Oh fuck. That's so fucking good Celine. My god you're the best fucking cocksucker I ever . . . Oh shit," he gasped when she dragged a fingernail across the slit at the end of his prick.
Shifting her hips a bit farther forward she began taking his cock as deeply into her mouth as she could, pausing to savor it and to caress it with her tongue as it hit the back of her throat. Ron had always been too big to take down her throat, but he never complained. She continued her twisting stroke of his cock, or so much of it was available as it pistoned in and out of her mouth. My god this is fun, she thought. I love cock sucking and especially sucking this cock, she thought. She pulled it out and sat back just staring at what she thought of as one of the most beautiful cocks she had ever seen (she had to admit she had sucked a lot of cocks when it was too dark to see them).
"How do you want to cum Babe?" she asked. She was twisting her hands around and up and down on his slippery prick, using her fingertips to stroke the tip and the glans while she looked up at Ron for an answer.
"Oh fuck I don't care. Just soon. My balls are beginning to ache. Just get me off Celine. Soon."
She sucked the head of his prick back into her mouth, letting her tongue massage it and used her other hand to massage that sensitive spot between his balls and his rectum, knowing that would get him off immediately. Ron groaned and stiffened as she felt the first shot ripple up the front of his prick and into her mouth. She quickly pulled her head back and used her hands to point his prick at her chest. He poured shot after shot of his hot cum out of his prick and onto her breasts. There was something so inherently slutty and nasty about feeling burst after burst of a man's hot cum hitting her tits.
When he was finished he collapsed forward his hands resting on the back of the chair and his rapidly shrinking prick in Celine's face. She opened her mouth and let the last few drops of cum fall to her tongue. Then she carefully licked and cleaned the head of his cock as she listened to him gasp for air.
Ron rose and collapsed into the love seat next to Celine. "My god you're great at that," he said.
"Why thank you M'Lord," she responded. "It's your magnificent prick you know. It inspires me. Wimpy little pricks or short fat ones . . . Meh. I can get the job done, but not with the enthusiasm I get from a prick like yours."
She paused looking down at his rapidly wilting prick. "Oh but look at it now. So sad." Celine was having a hard time keeping a straight face.
"That's your fault M'Lady. You assaulted the poor devil and sucked the life out of him."
They were both laughing now. "He may never recover. Then you'll be sorry," Ron threatened.
Celine gave him a long look. Then she said, "Ron, I'll bet he would recover just fine nestled between those big tits of our hostess for the evening."
"Shauna?" he responded.
"Yes, Shauna. I know how you lust over her tits."
"Hmm. Yes it is rather like the way her husband lusts over your legs."
Celine used her finger to scoop a large dollop of Ron's cum off one of her breasts. After inserting the finger in her mouth and sucking the load off of it, she said, "Mmm. Yummy."
Ron looked at her and then asked, "Would you do that with Charlie's cum?"
Celine laughed and said, "Possibly. I do like cum. But I'm not going to get the chance am I. He's a client. Right?"
"Hmm, yes about that. There are a couple of things I have been meaning to talk to you about. First he's not really a client anymore. He sold me his interest in the three of my projects he was invested in. Apparently he has some big opportunity in Texas he needs cash for."
"Oh." A pause. "So if he is not a client why are we going to dinner there?"
"Because he and Shauna invited us."
"And why did that occur?" she asked scooping another big gob of cum off her chest to suck it off in her mouth.
"Well yes, that's the other thing I have been meaning to talk to you about."
Her mouth made a popping noise as she pulled her finger from it.
"See," Ron continued, "After we closed my little buyout of his interests we went down to the British Bankers Exchange for a drink or two; just to celebrate."
"Oooh. I like that bar. That's where I met you." She scraped another finger full of cum off her chest. "Wow, you really blew a big load tonight."
"I know, but that's not what I wanted to tell you about. After a couple of drinks he told me that he and Shauna . . . well they have sex with a few other couples."
"Really," said Celine stretching the word out. She slid the finger back into her mouth. "Yum, she said, pulling it out licked clean. "How naughty. You mean they are swingers. I never would have thought. . . but then Charlie is a terrible flirt and a lech."
"There's more," Ron said. "It took several rounds but I learned more."
"Do tell. Do tell," she said as she scooped the last big glob of cum from her chest; two fingers worth.
"First, Charlie is adamant that they are not swingers. It's just that they have for years had a . . . how shall I describe it . . . a friends-with-benefits relationship with two other couples. They get together with one or the other of these couples several times a year and swap. But they don't go to big orgies where people fuck each other without knowing anything about who they are screwing. These other two couples are longtime friends of Charlie and Shauna."
Celine was silent as she sucked on the last of the cum she had scraped from her chest.
"But there's more."
"More?"
"Yes. See, one of the couples has moved away and Charlie and Shauna are wondering . . ."
"Wondering?"
"Ahh, yes . . . wondering if we would be interested in replacing the couple that moved away."
"Oh I see. How interesting." As she spoke, Celine reached down and picked up Ron's cock which seemed to be making a miraculous recovery.
"And what did you tell him?"
"I said I would have to talk to you . . . but . . . he paused again as his rapidly recovering dick twitched. "But that it sounded interesting to me."
"You dirty old man. You have been lusting after her big tits for years."
"Guilty"
"And that's why we are invited to dinner?" Celine asked.
Ron laughed. "Well I don't think it is just to try out Shauna's new recipe for lobster bisque."
Now Celine was laughing too. "I doubt that. She is a terrible cook. Every dinner we have ever had there has been catered."
"By the way," she continued, "do have any idea how ridiculous, ridiculously sexy, you look sitting next to me with your pants around your feet, shirt open and your open necktie hanging down so it is wrapped around your newly recovered cock which is standing out like a flagpole?"
"Err . . . Yeah," Ron agreed. "But . . . Ahh . . . "What do you think?"
"Oh you mean, am I willing to fuck Charlie so you can have your way with Shauna and her big tits?" She was fondling his recovered cock.
"Well I wasn't going to put it that way, but . . . yeah I guess that pretty much sums it up." Another pause, "Oh and I told him I would want to watch. He said they always do it that way with their other friends."
"Hmmm . . . I guess my answer is sure, yes, of course. Let's go fuck our old friends, Charlie and Shauna. But let's not tell them what we have decided when we walk in the door. I think it might be fun to let them try to seduce us for a while."
"You guess?
"Okay. No guessing. This sounds like fun. But let's keep them guessing for a while tonight." She kissed him on the cheek and then said, "Let's get showered and ready to go. You've got airplane grime on you and I've got your cum on me."
Before they left the house Celine suggested that they each eat one of the marijuana gummies they were in the habit of eating to unwind on Friday nights.
Just a bit later as Ron and Celine were arriving before their "new-old friends" home in Woodside Celine could feel the gummy kicking in. Good she thought. I was feeling a bit tight about all this before we left home. It's not like I've never had sex with strangers before. I was a bit of slut before I married Ron, but that was several years ago. I was wondering exactly how this was going to work? But now I'm feeling much better. Four people who want to fuck each other. It will work out somehow or other. It always does.
She wasn't silly stoned. Just very relaxed. So our old friends want to seduce us, she thought? Mmm. Fun.
Ron was in similar condition.
Celine was wearing her new dress and nothing else, beyond the sexy heels she had planned on earlier. Ron was dressed in a pair of dockers, well shined loafers and a golf shirt, which Celine considered his standard work uniform except when he had to negotiate with bankers. That required a coat and tie. He had always resisted any other clothing beyond Levis and a T-shirt for yard work, or a pair of baggy shorts and T-shirt for running. Celine looked stunning, sexy. Ron looked . . . well like Ron.
"Are you ready for this?" Ron asked before they emerged from the car.
"For dinner?"
"As I told you earlier today, they may have something beyond just dinner in mind."
"Oh you mean a swap?"
"Yes."
"I told you I'm okay with the idea if you are. Charlie might be fun and you have been lusting after Shauna's tits for as long as we have known them."
Ron laughed. "True. She does have very sexy tits. Yeah I'm okay with whatever they have in mind so long as I get to play with her tits." The gummy was making him very relaxed and a bit horny as the subject of Shauna's big tits came up.
"Good, let's go," she said opening the door. "Time to find out what they have in mind."
When the front door opened Charlie and Shauna were there to greet them. Charlie wore clothes similar to Ron's (men have no imagination, Celine thought). He was about six feet tall and like Ron, broad shouldered and lean for his age. His face showed a few lines of his mid-forties age and his thick, dark, neatly trimmed hair likewise showed a bit of grey. Really handsome, Celine thought.
Shauna wore a long skirt that hung from her hips but was slit up the side all the way to her waist. It was more like a curtain that was clipped only around her waist. Beautiful fabric though, thought Celine. Almost see through, if you used your imagination just a bit. But not a garment to wear to church. Above that she wore a thin knit sweater did little to disguise her oversize breasts. Like Celine she had foregone a brassiere, but it's absence was strikingly obvious. The sweater was molded to her tits outlining everything Ron had always imagined but never seen before.
Hugs were exchanged but unlike the perfunctory hugs they had engaged in with this couple on prior visits which were classically standoffish, these hugs included each woman mashing her soft breasts against the chest of the others spouse with just a bit of back-and-forth rub, to eliminate any ambiguity about intention. The couples held the hugs for slightly more than the normal socially acceptable period for a conventional greeting. Ron felt his cock grow beneath his dockers as soon as he felt Shauna's thinly covered breasts dragged slowly across his chest.
The two couples walked into the home's large living room and sat on opposing couches. When Shauna sat down she made sure her breasts bounced seductively. Ron's eyes were riveted to them, at least they were until she crossed her legs exposing what seemed to Ron like miles of naked thigh.
Not to be outdone Celine crossed her legs and likewise exposed a great deal of thigh, though not as much as Shauna. Charlie's eyes were, like Ron's, riveted on his partner's spouse's legs.
Shauna kicked the conversation off saying, "So I hear we are no longer partners?"
"That's what Ron tells me also," Celine responded. "At least not business partners."
Shauna smiled without responding and Charlie simply said, "Yes."
Before the men could launch into a business conversation Shauna asked Charlie to take Ron to the kitchen and make drinks. As soon as the men were gone Shauna patted the seat next to her and asked Celine to join her saying, "Come sit with me so we can talk."
Celine was thinking, "Okay here comes the pitch for a spouse swap," as she stood and walked towards Shauna. The couch was a soft one causing Celine to slide towards Shauna as she sat down. She hadn't intended to be that close but she realized the naked portion of her thigh was pressed firmly against Shauna's bare thigh. She might have been embarrassed or tried to adjust the seating, but with the gummy in her system she simply thought it felt sinfully warm and was something that should be enjoyed.
"I must tell you Celine, you look stunning tonight. That dress is perfect for you."
Celine uttered a thank you , wondering when Shauna would get to her real agenda. That was about the time the men walked in delivering the first round of cocktails. Celine leaned forward to accept her drink from Charlie. As she did so the top of her dress ballooned out giving Charlie a nice view of her naked breasts. He stayed bent forward a beat or two longer than was socially acceptable obviously enjoying the view. Celine was enjoying his lecherous stare so she indulged him by remaining forward herself. Even if the evening didn't end in a swap she wanted to torture Charlie with her body. Their spouses watched in silence. Ron had a mild smile on his lips as he watched his wife flaunt herself before his friend.
When any hope of social correctness had passed Shauna spoke up, "Charlie you need to get the grill going and start the steaks. Take Ron with you so Celine and I can chat without having to listen to the two of talk endlessly about some project or other."
As soon as the men had left Celine leaned back and took a long pull on her drink. Shauna did the same, pouring off half a glass of mostly vodka, while she leaned back and pressed her chest out before setting her drink on the end table. She turned toward Celine, putting her hand on Celine's bare thigh. Her hand felt warm and delicious.
"Okay, now that we're rid of them, here's the thing. We've been investors in a number of your husband's projects for years but that's no longer the case. As long as we were investors that constrained our relationship with the two of you to a purely business relationship."
"Yes. I know,"
"I understand my husband discussed this issue with Ron a couple of weeks ago when they unwound their business relationship. Did he tell you about it?"
Celine took another sip of her drink considering her answer. She didn't want to lie to Shauna, but the devil in her wanted to make it a little bit awkward for her too, so she responded with a simple, "Yes, I think they are both very happy with the way things worked out. I guess Charlie has some big opportunity in Texas and Ron's buyout will help him participate."
Shauna took a long pull on the remains of her own drink, pausing to think about where to go next. "Yes, I guess that's all true, but there is another opportunity that I believe they discussed. Let me explain."
"Really?" This is fun Celine thought.
Shauna paused forming her thoughts into words. "I think there is another issued Charlie discussed with Ron, one that we couldn't explore with you two while we were still business partners."
Celine nodded.
Shauna was launched now. Without waiting for anything beyond a nod from Celine she continued. "Celine, there are certain aspects our married life that are . . . oh how shall I say this . . . a bit unorthodox."
Celine of course knew where all this was going and she was having to stifle a smile as she watched her long-time friend Shauna struggle.
"See for many years, Charlie and I have had . . . a hmmm . . . hmmm, yes a close friendship with two other couples, the Nordsens and the Johnsons. And now the Johnsons are moving away. And see, Charlie and I feel a need to replace them. And we thought that . . . that you and Ron, now that our business relationship has ended . . . that you and Ron might work well as a replacement for the Johnsons."
"I see," responded Celine. She knew exactly what Shauna was beating around the bush about, but wanted it still left in the air.
"Good, good. Charlie told me that Ron was all for the idea . . . subject of course to what you had to say about it."
"But," Celine said, "just exactly what does this relationship with you and Charlie and I 'spose the other couple, . . ." she paused feigning inability to remember their name.
"The Nordsens."
"Oh yes the Nordsens. Just what does this relationship involve?"
"Oh, so Ron didn't explain that part to you?"
Celine responded with silence, not lying , but leaving the ball clearly in Shauna's court.
"Men," Shauna responded in exasperation. "All right, what Charlie was supposed to tell your husband was that we have had a three-way spouse swapping arrangement with the Nordsens and the Johnsons for several years now and with the Johnsons leaving, we were hoping for you and Ron to take their place."
Enough torturing her, Celine thought, "So you want me to screw your husband and you want my husband to screw you. Is that it?"
"Yeah pretty much, but once you get to know the Nordsens we will want to include them also."
"Shauna is this something you want or are you just going along with your horndog husband?"
Shauna laughed. "Celine, I have to tell you Ron and I both love the variety in our sex lives that results from our relationship with the Nordsens and the Johnsons. My husband is great in bed, but . . . so are those other two guys; different but good. Really a great fuck all three of them. and the wives are fun too. She paused and chuckled again, "I do have to admit that my horndog husband has wanted to get into your pants for years now. And I've been watching Ron lust over my tits for just as long and I would like to let him play with them and do whatever else it is he does. Honestly, I love it when people play with my tits." She picked up one of Celine's hands and put it on one of her breasts.
Celine massaged it a bit and said smiling, "You do have very sexy tits; and does this extended relationship involve girl on girl sex?"
"Sometimes. Karen Nordsen can eat pussy until she just leaves me screaming and writhing on the floor, and Charlie just loves sitting in a chair watching us while he strokes that big hard cock of his. Is that a problem for you."
"Which, Ron's big hard cock or Karen's tongue?" As Celine asked the question she was using her thumb to rub Shauna's rapidly growing nipple through the thin sweater she was wearing.
Shauna gasped lightly at what Celine was doing to her tit, and then said a breathy, "Either?"
"Nope. Neither one is a problem for me. I would love to fuck your husband and I know Ron would love to watch and then I would love to watch Ron playing with your tits and fucking you." She paused for a moment to pull her skirt up and push Shauna's hand higher on her thigh, spreading her legs to invite access. "And I've been open to all kinds of girl-on-girl sex for years, although there has been a dry spell since I married Ron."
"Good," Shauna responded. As she spoke she slid her hand up the inside of Celine's thigh until she reached her naked pussy. "Oh you naughty girl. You aren't wearing any panties tonight. You knew what we wanted all along didn't you?"
Celine laughed. "Yes, yes I knew. Ron and I had talked about it and decided we would be all in. But before we came over here I told Ron I wanted to play dumb and torture you a bit. Well mostly torture Charlie who I know has been lusting over me for years. I guess that's a nasty streak I have. I do enjoy causing people to lust after me. Then it was her turn to gasp as Shauna slipped a finger into her already very wet pussy.
"So Ron's not going to tell Charlie you are onboard yet?"
"Right. He is going to tell him I said I wanted to talk to you first."
"Oh fun." Shauna sat thinking in silence. After finishing the remains of her drink she said, "Okay I have a plan. I'm going to tell Charlie that you are waffling a bit and to get this to work he is going to have to seduce you tonight. I'm going to arrange the seating at dinner so we each sit next to the other's spouse and let nature take its course." She pulled her fingers out of Celine's cunt and inserted them in her mouth to suck the juices of Celine's sex off. "Yum. We'll save that for later, after the guys wear themselves out. Now we have to go make a salad to go with the steaks the guys are grilling. And I could use another drink."
Within a few minutes the couples were seated opposite each other at one end of the long dining room table, with Celine next to Charlie and Rob next to Shauna. As soon as Celine sat down she felt Charlie move his chair over so his thigh was touching hers. Ron had done the same, with Shauna happy to accommodate him by regularly rubbing her breast against his upper arm. Everyone seemed to focus on their steak first simply because it was the one portion of the meal that required both hands (knife and fork). Once the steak was gone and the meal was reduced to a salad and occasional sips of wine, hands begin to disappear beneath the table.
"So," Celine asked, turning towards Charlie and pressing her leg firmly against his thigh, "Charlie I've heard from my husband that you and Shauna have an open sex life. Is that true?"
Shauna and Ron watched in silence while Charlie struggled with how to reply. Really, what does a man say when an attractive woman is rubbing her thigh against his below the table having just asked him if he has an open marriage while his wife and the lady's husband are sitting across from him.
After an uncomfortable silence, one which Ron and Shauna made no effort to rescue him from Charlie spoke up, "Ahh . . . well yes, sort of."
Still no confirmation from Shauna. She was busy dragging her fingers softly up and down the inside of Ron's thigh and thoroughly enjoying Charlie's obvious discomfort. Things had gone seriously awry for Charlie. He obviously had no idea who had told who what about his marriage.
"Sort of?" Celine responded. "What does that mean Charlie?"
Charlie looked away from Celine to his spouse seeking help, but she remained silent, her hand now massaging Ron's growing erection through his trousers.
"It's . . . well, I mean . . . it's complicated."
"Really? I didn't think these things were that complicated. Either you don't have sex with others or . . . you do." Now she put her hand on Charlie's thigh. "So are the two of you swingers Charlie?"
Ron had pushed Shauna's long skirt aside and was softly massaging the inside of her naked thigh. She had slid down in her chair a bit, allowing her to spread her legs and accommodate him. Charlie looked at Shauna for help again but she ignored him, focusing instead on the delicious sensation of Ron's soft fingers working their way up the inside of her thigh.
Instead of responding to Charlie's plea she leaned over to Ron and whispered in his ear, "Release your trousers." While Ron fiddled with his belt and trousers, Shauna released the single clasp that held her skirt together at her waist. With a simple hand movement the skirt fell completely away so she was naked from the waist down. Ron noticed immediately and hastened his efforts to release his erection from the prison of his pants. He lifted his hips and pushed trousers and underwear down to his knees.
"Left on his own Charlie said, "Oh no we're not swingers. No we don't do that."
"Oh, I see. I think. Then my husband was lying to me when he said you and Shauna have sex with others?" She slid her hand a bit further up Charlie's thigh.
There was more silence. By the time Charlie spoke up again Shauna was lovely stroking Ron's erect prick and smearing his precum about the head. She leaned toward him again and whispered, "You have a nice big cock."
After more silence Charlie said, "Well, of course I don't know exactly what Ron told you, but . . . he gasped as Celine's hand's reached his erect cock and stroked it through his trousers.
"But Charlie? But what? I kind of want to know Charlie. Just what did you tell my husband. I mean if you two are not monogamous but you're not swingers. Well that leaves me a bit confused." She reached up and took his hand off the table and placed on her warm thigh. She had pulled her dress up above her hips when she sat down.
Meanwhile Ron had slipped a couple of fingers into Shauna's warm, wet cunt, causing her to quietly gasp in pleasure. The two of them were careful not to join the conversation occurring between their spouses on the other side of the table. He whispered in her ear, "And you have a very enticing cunt. I think my cock would love to invade it."
Charlie sat looking embarrassed, his face blushing and completely at a loss for words.
"You know Charlie, I think I know what you told my husband. I think you told him that you wanted to fuck me. Is that true Charlie?"
"Yes," he gasped as she opened his zipper and began exploring within his trousers.
"Well it's good we have that on the table now Charlie." As she spoke she pushed his hand up the inside of her naked thigh.
"So now I understand. You want to fuck me." She had worked her hand inside his boxer shorts and was stroking his naked prick. "But Charlie I learned long ago there are lots of men who want to fuck me. But you know Charlie not all of them get to. Some of them only get a peck on the cheek." As she spoke she leaned toward Charlie and licked his ear. "Some of them only get a blow job. That's what happened to Ron the first time he met me." Celine spread her legs apart and pushed Charlies hand up almost to her pussy.
"Do I get a say in this Charlie? She had slid her hand down in his pants and was cupping his balls. "Or is this something that filthy minded husband of mind concocted in hopes that he could fuck Shauna and play with those big tits of hers. I know he is obsessed with her tits. He has been for years."
Shauna whispered in Ron's ear again. "So you want to play with my tits. I guess I knew that. Most men do. She picked up his free hand, the one not finger fucking her, and placed it on one of her breasts. "Go right ahead. I love it when men play with my tits." Shauna was obviously prepared to abandon all pretense of social propriety with her 'above the table" conduct. But Charlie was so distracted by Celine's comments and questions he was unaware of anything Shauna was doing.
"Oh; oh no; no,no." Charlie stuttered. "Of course you get a say." His fingers cold feel Celine's juices leaking from her cunt.
"And Shauna, Charlie? Does she get a say in this? Is it okay with her if you fuck me Charlie? She does seem to be letting my husband play with her tits and under the table, well who knows what they are doing under the table?"
"Shauna doesn't care. She wants to watch me fuck you." As he spoke Charlie slid a finger into Celine's dripping cunt. Celine gasped just a little in response.
"Okay so let me see if I've got this straight?" She gasped again, a bit louder this time, as Charlie inserted a second finger into her cunt. "Yes, let's see. You want to fuck me. That's clear now and your wife is okay with it, as long says she gets to watch, right? And my husband, well he definitely told me he wants to watch you fuck me. So it appears everyone wants me to let you fuck me. Is that where we are Charlie?"
While they talked Shauna had pulled her sweater up over her head exposing her tits to everyone and most especially to Ron's molesting fingers and lips. Even Celine was momentarily distracted by the notion of playing with Shauna's spectacular tits.
Charlie had begun pumping his fingers in and out of Celine's cunt. It felt marvelous; to each of them.
"Yes," Charlie said. "I want to fuck you and everyone else at this table wants to watch me to fuck you. And you know what Celine, I think you want me to fuck you. Am I right Celine?"
"Yes," she growled as she felt a small, delicious orgasm roll through her. "I want you to fuck me Charlie. Right now, right here on this dinner table."
"Good."
Within moments both couples were naked. Celine was laying on her back on the table, her knees bent and lewdly spread. She was pulling back on them with her hands behind her knees, guarantying everyone who cared to look an obscene view of her glistening pussy. Charlie stood before, his prick sticking lewdly out from his body, it's tip glistening with precum.
Of course, no one other than Charlie was focused on Celine's lewd exposure. Shauna was leaning on the table, bent over at the waist with her big soft tits swinging wildly beneath her as Ron pounded her cunt mercilessly with the prick she had been massaging throughout dinner. "Oh fuck Ron, Oh fucking god. What a prick you've got. It feels so fucking good. Just keep that up. Keep fucking me like that."
Celine was no longer in a mood to tease or wait for what she wanted. "Charlie. Don't just stand there put that big prick in my cunt. This whole dinner has been foreplay. Step up here and fuck me."
Charlie did just that, stepping between her legs and replacing her hands with his so he could keep her legs spread and she could play with her tits while he looked down at her. His prick was a big one, perhaps just a bit bigger around than her husband's prick, but Celine was so horny that it slid in without resistance. "Oh fuck yes. That feels so fucking good. God how it fills me up. Now fuck me with it Charlie. Fuck me hard."
Ron wasn't watching. He was completely focused on pounding away at Shauna's cunt, his mind hearing only her screams of passion. The same was true of Charlie. He was focused solely on driving Celine to one screaming orgasm after another. The room was filled with cries of passion, but neither couple lasted very long with both men groaning as they erupted gobs of cum into their former partner's spouses' cunts.
There was time for watching later when the couples engaged in another round of partner exchange in the basement playroom of Charlie and Shauna's big home. Each woman was riding the other's husband cowboy style as each of them watched his or her spouse ferociously fucking the other's spouse. It was sex that went on seemly forever, since both men had already climaxed once and the women seemly happy to repeat their orgasms at will. When it was over they slept exhausted in a pile under a blanket one of them had dragged over the whole group.
In the morning they gathered, naked in the kitchen over coffee to discuss in a less passionate way how their new relationship would work.