I am a kinky woman. Funny, when I was growing up I never thought of myself in that way. In fact I considered myself the All American Girl. When I thought of sex, it was always a vision of hearts and romance, lots of kissing, and straight sex in the missionary position, man on top of course. Even something as relatively common as oral sex never crossed my mind. It is only in my late teens that I realized that maybe my sexual tastes did not run to what our society has labeled "normal".
To my surprise I found that I was very interested in urine but it was not until years later that I made the connection between some of my youthful experiences and the interests I have now that developed over the years. When I was eighteen, I had a friend named Melanie. Melly, who was also eighteen, was a gorgeous girl- long curly blonde hair, blue eyes, big full breasts and hips, long well shaped legs. Not to sound conceited but we could have been twins. In any case, I was over Mel's house one evening. Although she was beautiful, Melly was a rebel and at times could be quite a naughty girl. This evening she was lying on her bed looking at T.V. She had on a short blue nighty and no panties. She was not shy with her body at all and did not bother to cover herself.
"Jill", she said, "turn around and take a look at me. I am going to take a piss on my bed and see if it will spray out like a fountain". I was used to Melly pushing the envelope but this time I never believed she would do something that disgusting and messy. But humoring her, I did turn to look.
She had pulled her night gown up and had drawn her legs to her chest and spread them. Melly very fine white blonde hair that was all but invisible, so I could see her pussy, all pink and white, and so open in that position. "Melly, "stop playing; you know you are never going to piss the bed. Not only is it nasty but you will have to sleep in a very wet spot, I know you are too damned lazy to change the bed." Melly started laughing hysterically.
The next thing I knew I heard a hissing sound and as I watched golden pee spurted from that pink place onto the bed covers. To my surprise, although I was laughing with Melly and called her disgusting, I was entranced. I can still see the picture she made. Legs spread, her pink pussy open and all of the wet piss streaming out and yeah it did look like a golden fountain.
The hissing liquid went on for about fifteen seconds and she was finished. It sounded like the hissing tinkly wet noises you hear on a summer morning by the lake as the water tinkles gently down the stream on a bright morning day.
The bed was soaked. Pee was running down to the floor and everything smelled like the bathroom. Didn't bother Melly though. She was still laughing at me as I was standing there completely shocked. "Jill I am going to take a nap now. You are welcome to stay".
She then turned over in that nasty wet bed and pretty much just went to sleep. I was still pretty surprised at what happened so I just went home. But, I admit that night I masturbated to a soaring orgasm as I pictured that yellow stream and heard again that wet hissing sound. My pee fetish had started.
One other incident with Melly happened and also contributed to my pee fetish. We were in Melly's room and Melly had to go to the bathroom as did I. It may seem strange, but Melly and I always went to the bathroom together even at our own homes. We had started doing that as little girls and it was a habit. One of us would pee while the other fixed her face or we would both be fixing our faces or whatever.
Well this day, Melly had to pee real bad so she would use the toilet first. We get to the bathroom, with Melly complaining she really had to go. I remember she had on black stretch pants, bare feet and a white blouse. We entered the bathroom, "Jill, I am sorry I can't make it to the toilet". I thought she was joking as she was about 2 feet from the bowl. But she was serious.
Melly stopped, spread her legs slightly and began peeing right where she stood.
At first I did not believe she was actually peeing her pants. She had on black pants so I could not tell at first. But then, that hissing sound was heard and as I watched yellow piss hit the floor.
I found myself excited by the thought that rather than rush and get to the toilet as well as you could, Melly chose to simply stop and piss her pants calmly.
This time Melly was actually a bit embarrassed about pissing her pants. Maybe because it truly was an accident. She stripped and cleaned the piss up and put on fresh clothes. We never talked about that again.
Yet over the years, the image of Melly on those two occasions stays. I still see her standing there, 2 feet from the toilet and just letting go and standing there as she pissed those black pants.
To this day, I can still see her legs open, all secrets exposed as she peed that beautiful looking liquid on the bed. What a lovely picture or painting that would have made. I sometimes wonder if I think about this so much because it was beautiful or because I really was shocked or if it's really because I wanted to put my mouth on that fountain.
These two incidents made me realize that I was not into straight sex as much as I thought. I don't mean that I don't like men, I do. I am straight with the ability to have sex and enjoy but to become truly excited, I need more.
In addition to the urine I have enjoyed FemDom where I not only used urine but also scat play, candle wax and whips, dildoes, OK you name it and I have done it. I love directing my own mini-porn films as well.
As I said, I am a kinky woman.