A note: The majority of this story concerns the naturist lifestyle and characters who are nudists. However, this story is not meant to be a realistic portrayal of this lifestyle or the people who practice it. I'm taking a lot of inspiration from teen sex comedies of the 80s in writing the scenarios the various characters find themselves in, and they're not meant to be realistic. The first chapter here is somewhat of an introduction and not as outlandish as some of the other chapters will eventually get.
Enjoy the chapter! This is my first attempt at writing erotic fiction, so I'm hoping there's the seeds here for a good story.
*****
I suppose each person has his or her quirks that make them seem unusual to everyone else. Some enjoy getting piercings or tattoos while others enjoy playing really nerdy card games. On the weirder side, some people like fucking horses or have a goal to jerk off in all 48 of the continental United States. As for me, I'm somewhere in the middle. I'm not about to go start blowing farm animals or whatever, but my quirk is a bit weirder than simply getting a tattoo. I'm a nudist. Simple as that. A one-hundred percent full blown nudist. I'm a girl that likes being nude, naked, starkers, bare, in the buff, in my birthday suit, in the raw, without a stitch on, bare-assed. Let me make it clear: I am totally butt naked whenever possible. I've been a nudist for a few years, but I feel I have more than enough experience to let you, dear reader (yes, you!) know what it's like to be the type of college-aged girl that dreams of turning her dorm clothing optional.
First, a little about myself. My name is Mandy Dower. I'm currently 21, and attend the University of Florida, where I'm majoring in sociology. I'm about 5'9", have jet black hair, and big blue eyes. I'm a little curvy, with some chub in a few places, but overall I'm pretty happy with my body, especially since someone once described me as a "slightly curvier Krysten Ritter." I can live with that. It's kind of a turn-on to know that other naked people think you look like a sexy celebrity. "But Mandy, I thought nudism didn't have anything to do with sex?" Well, that's definitely true for the philosophy itself. Nudism is all about being comfortable, loving your body, and all that good stuff. I definitely believe in all that. But for me personally, there's a certain feeling of excitement from being naked around others, and seeing complete strangers with their clothes off. Even when the person isn't particularly attractive, it's still kind of hot to see them in all their glory. And for some of the nudists I meet, they have a lot of glory. (haha, fat joke).
Maybe it's because I'm an exhibitionist, or I just love seeing how people look naked, but to me there's a somewhat erotic part of being a nudist. I get a weird thrill out of knowing all the secrets of people's bodies. I enjoy learning which women have saggy boobs and which ones somehow defy gravity. Whose nipples get the hardest when it's cold? Does the carpet match the drapes? Any scars or weird birthmarks? Which guy has the hairiest ass? And I love me some saggy old man balls. They're simply hilarious to watch, especially during tennis season. Believe me, I'll get to the raunchier stuff later.
So how did I get interested in nudism?
I suppose it all started when I was a senior in high school. I was a pretty laid-back girl, incredibly sarcastic, but friendly with basically everyone at school. I was just about done growing into the body I have today, and I was pretty satisfied. My boobs were about a C size, and my butt was round and perky. My legs were long and pale, my face was almost free of acne, and I had what I considered a pretty smile. Basically, your average girl just about ready to get the fuck out of the house and start her life. I couldn't wait.
I was spending a typical Friday night home alone while my parents were out on their weekly dinner together. I had decided to rent a movie, not thinking too hard about which one to choose. I eventually settled on Not Another Teen Movie, an almost laugh-free comedy that parodied high school films. It was mostly forgettable, except for a single character: Areola, the foreign exchange student that spent the film entirely naked. Whether she was at school, a football game, or a party, this chick walked around 100% butt ass naked. She had these huge tits and an ass to die for. What I noticed the most was the utter confidence that the actress playing her, Cerina Vincent, gave the character. She was letting her freak flag fly and not giving a fuck. She was going to let everyone look at her body and not care who saw. I was automatically in love.
As soon as the movie was over, I skipped back to the parts with Areola and started replaying them over and over. Her self-assuredness was overwhelming, and her naked body was making me incredibly horny. Already, a wet spot was appearing on my jeans. I threw off my shirt and bra and quickly pulled down my jeans and panties. I didn't know why, but I just had to get my clothes off at that moment, they almost felt like shackles weighing me down. I thrust two fingers against my clit and began rubbing it harder than I ever had before. I stared with fiery passion at the brazen images of Cerina's naked body on-screen. My favorite line of hers echoed in my mind over and over: "My breasts are perky, yes?" God, they were, and so was her ass. We only got one shot of it in the movie, but I just had to stare at it and take in its beauty. I paused the movie at that shot and continued masturbating to the beautiful naked girl that had suddenly captured my imagination. I moaned in pleasure as I thought about what would happen if I came to school naked. Would my classmates want to jerk off to me too? I imagined all the boys with obvious erections and all the girls with damp spots as I paraded down the hall without a stitch on.
How had I never realized how sexy it would be for everyone to take in the details of my naked body, from the dimples on my ass cheeks to the weird heart-shaped birthmark on my left shoulder? Just the knowledge that there would be no way for me to hide my body from hundreds of onlookers was enough to give me the most intense orgasm I had ever had in my life. Waves of pleasure coursed through my body, making me curl my toes and squeal in pleasure. I stared at Cerina Vincent's ass as I came, wishing she was in the room with me so I could stare at every inch of her nude body. I licked my juices off my fingers and lay on the floor in a daze. What had come over me? I had never really considered myself sexy before, but here I was fantasizing about people staring at my body like I was a total object. I knew one thing for certain: I wanted to feel these emotions all the time. I looked back up at the TV and my newfound nude inspiration. I decided then and there that I was going to be naked as much as possible.