Fun with photos CH 15
Welcome back to all who've been following along, and sorry this one took so long to get out.
If you are the type of reader who wants to know the background of the characters of the story I suggest you start with chapter 1. I do try to put in enough hints to the background as I can, without getting too repetitive for the readers who've followed along from the beginning.
As always, the characters are fictional and any similarities to real people is a coincidence.
And please take a second to vote/comment at the end.
**************************************************************
Beth was horny when she got home from work. As a Realtor she got to meet many different types of people, and it was her job to match them up with the home they were looking for. Her last showing had been a stunning ranch on a hillside overlooking the city. It afforded great views and had plenty of amenities.
The clients were a couple around her own age, and both were very fit and attractive. The husband was moving up the corporate ladder and they had decided it was time for an upgrade.
The fact that they were both very good looking made it easy for a horny girl like Beth to picture them together, naked, having sex in various positions, in various locations in the house. She pictured them in the jacuzzi on the rear deck overlooking the city lights at night. On the dinner table, the kitchen counter, the marbled shower in the master bath, and yes, even the bedrooms.
It was the way they smiled at each other, and touched each other. Beth had picked up on a very playful vibe from the couple, and she had also caught them both checking her out. There had been several double entendres and innuendos, and Beth thought there was a good chance that she would be invited over to help the sexy couple celebrate their new home.
The wife was rather demure, almost mousey in her demeanor, but her eyes gave away an inner fire. The way she blushed and glanced at Beth's body when her stud of a husband made a comment about the potential for the guest bedroom being the perfect place for a playroom, got Beth wet. Beth could tell by the girls reaction and the way he had said it, that they weren't talking about children.
When the tour was over and they were discussing plans for the next meeting after the financing was done, Mary, the wife, had said that Beth would have to come over to have a drink with them when they were settled in. The glint in her eyes, and her husband's knowing smile, made Beth wetter than she already was, and sure that she was reading this couple correctly. She told them she would be honored to come back and help them celebrate.
When Beth got home she couldn't get out of her smart but sexy business suit fast enough. She left a trail of clothing in her wake as she went to her bed. She was so horny she didn't even need to get her toys out, she had herself cumming on her fingers in no time at all, thinking about the future fun she was bound to have with her sexy new clients.
She envisioned Mary as a submissive, allowing Matt, the husband, and herself, to use her petite body for their own pleasure.
Beth worked her fingers in her pussy as she imagined sitting on Mary's face while she sucked Matt off. Then they switched positions and Matt took her from behind while Beth rimmed Mary's cute little ass and fingered her tight snatch.
Beth had a series of small orgasms, culminating in a huge climax when she imagined Mary eating her husband's cum from her well fucked pussy and sharing it with her in a hot, messy kiss.
After her lust was sated, at least temporarily, she took a long hot shower. Still feeling sexy, she languished in the hot water and ample soap suds, taking her time to tantalize her slim, tight body. She then forced herself to eat some dinner.
Masturbating always left Beth to feel a lingering desire. She knew she would need some reality to be totally satisfied. She thought briefly of some of her lover's that she could contact for fun. She briefly considered going over to visit Meagan and Todd. She hadn't had any opportunity to continue the new found sexual aspect of their relationship, as they had their schedule with Jr. every evening.
She had been in contact with Meagan, and they had made plans to get together over the upcoming weekend. That in itself was enough to keep Beth in a heightened state of arousal. She couldn't wait to see her best friend again and continue to explore the new sexual aspect of their friendship. Not to mention Todd and his great cock.
The amatuer file sharing website Beth had discovered on Meagan's laptop, the site that led to her fun with Meagan and Todd, was also a source of constant excitement. Meagan had helped her set up her own account and she had done a couple of posts, just pics of her body that she had taken that day at Meagan's, and a few photos Meagan had taken of her thrown in for good measure. She had made some friends and engaged in several sexy chat sessions that were very titillating. And she just loved all the comments she received on her posts. She was even learning to appreciate the "tributes" she received. She had to admit it was pretty hot to know she'd turned a guy on enough to make him masturbate and shoot off all over one of her photos.
She pulled up the site on her laptop as she sat down to eat, and the first thing she saw when she logged in was a couple engaged in anal sex.
She quickly scanned the other posts on the homepage, a wife posing outside for her husband, just like Meagan does, only not as attractive. A man masturbating a small semi erect cock drew no interest from her. She saw a woman on her knees with a mouthful of dick as her watering eyes looked up at the man she was blowing. There was a tempting post of a threesome that she almost clicked on, and a large man tied to a bed.
But Beth was drawn back to the anal post. It had been quite a while since she had experienced the delicious fullness of a good ass fucking. She wondered if her new clients were into anal, she smiled to herself as she imagined they were.
Her and Meagan had discussed it during their first romp together, as Meagan admitted that she had never experienced it. That conversation, and the naughty idea of taking Todd in her ass as she taught them how it was done, had made Beth think about it more often recently.
She clicked on the anal post and watched a short clip of a man plowing his wife's ass with an average sized cock. She could be heard whining in time with his thrusting. It only ran for 15 seconds before the man pulled out and shot off on the woman's gaping hole.
Beth was disappointed by the video. She quickly typed in the comment space, "Hopefully you only posted the very end of the session and she got more than 15 seconds of your cock in her ass."
She paused before submitting the comment. She decided she sounded kind of snippy, and edited it to read, "Please post the whole fuck? That was just a tease!" She felt slightly better about the new comment and submitted it. She also clicked the Like tab, even though she didn't really. She wanted to encourage them. She was serious when she said she wanted to see the whole thing. And the cumshot at the end, she knew was for visual effect. But Beth preferred to take the load deep inside.
Looking up at the top of the page, Beth saw she had several notifications, and 3 private messages. As well as a friend request. She clicked on the friend request first, and saw that it was from someone who she had never heard of, and they had no profile pic. That was a bit annoying, she thought. After clicking on the name, she saw that he had no posts and no information about himself. She quickly rejected the request and went to the Notifications.
Most of the notifications told her that people had liked or commented on her posts.
She pulled up the first of her posts and read the new comments. There was an assortment of them, everything from guys who were barely literate who wanted to make her their slut, to men who described in great detail how they would worship her body. There were others who just told her how sexy she was, and a man who reported that he just covered himself with cum from looking at her pics.
She always got a thrill from hearing what effect she had on her fans, and reading the comments always made her hornier.
She decided to check out her messages. The first one she saw was from a man named TulsaTom. Beth had been exchanging messages with him off and on for a few weeks. They were never online at the same time, so they couldn't get into a good chat session together, they just sent titillating messages back and forth randomly.
This particular message read, "Seriously, if you want to come to Tulsa, I will gladly rim and ream that sweet ass for you baby. I would definitely make it worth the price of plane ticket."
Beth smiled and squirmed a little as she read the message. It seemed like fate that she would be offered anal after just seeing that video. Now she was even more interested in the idea. She clicked on Tom's profile and looked again at his posts. As she scanned the page, knowing full well which post she would pick, she opened the robe she had donned when she got out of the shower. Her fingers traveled down her body and she lifted a foot off the floor and placed it on her chair. She leaned back and began to lightly tickle her own rosebud.
She had to watch the video he had posted that showed him taking a woman up the ass. Beth loved the video because it showed Tom's toned body, and the woman was a slender blonde with a great ass. Beth smiled at the idea of being Tom's 'type'. By the time the 4 minute and 53 seconds of video was up, she had her middle finger half way up her own ass.
Tom had a nice long cock, she thought. Perfectly straight, with a big knob of a head. She knew that would feel great plunging in her ass. She was also enjoying the idea of a good rimming. Not all men would do that for a girl, and that made it all the more special.
She tapped the Reply tab and typed, "If I came all the way to Tulsa, I would have to sit on your face for my rimming. I think I'd have to suck your awesome cock too, to make sure you were hard enough for my ass. Tell me Tom, would you pull out and shoot on my ass, or would you fill my ass up with your hot cum?" Beth was pretty sure she knew the answer, but wanted to read his response.
She thought of her friend Frank, who was the last man to enjoy her ass, but she knew he was out of town on business. So her thoughts turned automatically to Willy. He was almost always available for a good time, and loved stuffing his big cock in her ass.
She knew that it was the day Willy always went to Flannigans to shoot pool, and since the pool league hadn't started yet, it would be an open table, where anyone could walk in and put money on the table to play. She got a naughty idea of wearing a little nothing of a skirt and bending over the pool table to take a shot. It would be fun putting on a show for all the guys, and so easy to entice Willy back to her place for a good ass fucking.
So with a naughty smile on her face, she decided that online fantasy would not suffice, she wanted the real deal. She logged off and went to find a skirt short enough to advertise her ass.
Actually, all of the skirts she owned would advertise her ass, they were either short or snug. But Flannigans was not a fancy place. It was a corner bar in a working class neighborhood. In fact it was the neighborhood that Willy and Todd had grown up in. So Beth picked out a short denim skirt. She could wear it with a snug Bruce Springsteen tank top, sans bra of course, and sneakers. She threw on her Flannigans softball hat and a cute pair of sneakers and was ready to go. She left her panties in her drawer.
When she walked into the bar she saw Amy, the cute little red haired 3rd generation owner, drawing a Guinness from the tap. "Hey Amy!" she hailed the woman. "Hey yourself stranger!" Amy replied, happy to see Beth. "You want one of these?" Amy asked, nodding her head to the tap. "Yes please!" Beth answered.
Beth leaned in to the bar between two men who had been patronized Flannigans since before Amy was born. Joe and Ralph were as much a part of the establishment as the tap system they tried to empty every day. The two men lit up when Beth squeezed in between them, both happy to see her and turning on the charm.
"Beth!" exclaimed Joe. "Finally come to accept my marriage proposal?" Ralph scoffed, "Beth ain't the marrying type, that's why we're going to run away together and live in sin, ain't we Beth?!"
Beth laughed and said, "I told you guys before, I love you both! That's why I couldn't possibly choose one of you over the other to hook up with!" Amy laughed and rolled her eyes at Beth as she set the pint draught in front of her. Beth just smiled back at her.
"Are the boys in the back behaving?" Beth asked as she peered over Joe's shoulder to the other end of the long narrow room. "So far, the whiskey hasn't started flowing yet." Amy answered with a chuckle.
"Well, we'll have to fix that." Beth told her. "Give me 2 shots of Dew. And get each of these two charmers another beer." She said. Amy raised her eyebrows and dutifully went to the shelf with the Irish whiskey and grabbed the bottle of Tulamore Dew. Setting up two shots in front of Beth she poured them full. "Okay, but if he gets in trouble, it's on you."
"Don't worry Amy, if he starts getting crazy, I'll throw him out myself." Beth told her with a confident smile. She knew she would be dragging Willy back to her place before too long. She just wanted to get him buzzed up first.
She had partied, and fucked, with Willy enough times to know that with just the right amount of alcohol in him, he could be a rock hard fucking machine! Willy was always a good fuck, but when he had a case of whiskey dick, as she called it, he could go on and on without achieving his orgasm. And that was the level that she wanted him at.
Amy gave Beth a knowing grin, she suspected she knew exactly what Beth was up to. And she didn't blame her, Amy had a few good memories of Willy and his cock from her younger days as she had grown up with him and Todd too.
With a promise to Joe and Ralph that she would miss them, she gathered up her draught and the two shots of whiskey and ambled to the back of the room to the group around the pool table, where she was greeted with catcalls and whistles from the guys. She laughed as she sat down the drinks and gave the men a curtsey. In her little skirt, it showed off her long legs. Had she lifted her skirt a little higher, they would have seen her bald pussy.
She looked at Willy and he smiled and shook his head at her. "How ya doing babe?" He asked. "Doing good, how about you?" She said with a smile as she slid one shot in front of him and leaned in to give him a kiss.
The kiss was a brief one, but Willy felt a hint of her tongue, and that along with the whiskey and the gleam in her eyes told him that Beth didn't just come to shoot pool. She dug some quarters out of her purse and put them on the rail of the pool table behind another set, indicating she was in line to play.
The other guys who were standing around all made comments. Pete, who also grew up in the neighborhood said, "Hey we don't let pool sharks play here!" But Sam, who was the "new" guy, having only moved in to the area 10 years ago told him, "Any pool sharks that look that good in a skirt can take my money anytime!"
Beth gave Sam a smile and he returned it with a wink. Beth made her way back to the side table where Willy was standing and he asked her, "So what's the occasion? What brings you down to Flannigans to drink whiskey tonight?" He was pretty sure he already knew the answer. The tongue in her kiss, the shots, and the gleam in her eyes were all the indicators he needed.
"I have big sale coming up. A place I've been trying to sell for a while now, and I felt like celebrating." She explained innocently. Their eyes met and they both knew how she wanted to celebrate. Willy knew it had nothing to do with shooting pool.
He picked up his shot and said, "Well then, here's to the big sale!" Beth picked up her shot and they clinked glasses, all the while maintaining eye contact. They both took a sip of their the strong Irish whiskey and savored the flavor before swallowing. The heat of the drink warmed Beth as it went down.
Sam called out to Willy to come and take his shot, "C'mon Willy, you're up! Show the pretty lady what you can do with your stick!" Beth smiled and said "Oh I know what he can do with it!"
They all laughed as Willy chalked up his stick. Beth had scanned the lay of the balls on the table when she put her quarters down. She knew that whoever had the high balls could run the table if they were any good and end the game quickly. When Willy bent to line up his shot on the 13 ball, she knew it was as good as over.
Sam continued to razz Willy, trying his best to upset his concentration, but Willy calmly sank the 13 in the corner, bringing the cue ball back with just enough English to leave him a shot on the 15 in the side. He sank that shot with a lot of power and the cue bounced off the table, came back to knock the 3 ball out of the way and leave an easy shot on the 8 ball in the other corner.
Beth smiled as Willy told Sam, "You told me to show her what I could do with it!" He made the shot on the 8 easily and told Pete, "Rack 'em buddy!"
Pete put the next set of quarters in and racked up the next game as Beth and Willy finished off their shots of Dew. "When is he going to learn he can't rattle you?" Beth asked, referring to Sam. "Probably never." Willy chuckled.
"Hey we have 4 now, let's play partners?" Sam called from the end of the bar, where he was buying Willy the beer he owed him for winning the game. He bought Beth one too, because he had always wanted in her pants.
Willy looked at Beth and asked, "Want to play partners? Me and you babe?" "Hell yeah, we'll kick their ass!" Beth proclaimed. "You know you are going to put on a show with that skirt on right?" Willy asked, "I mean I know you knew that when you put your quarters up."
Beth gathered up the shot glasses to take them to be refilled and told him with her naughtiest smile, "Of course I know that. Men don't shoot as well when they're thinking with their smaller head! Now give us a good break, let's win this."
While Amy was refilling the shots, the crack of the balls announced the start of the next game. Willy didn't make any balls on the break, so it was Sam's shot next. He decided to take a shot at a ball that put him facing the table where Willy was sitting. But as he was taking aim, Beth came into his peripheral vision. She purposely put a little extra swing into her hips. When she got to the side table she bent over to set the two shots down, and made sure to arch her back, pointing her barely covered ass towards Sam. He tried to focus, but it was no use, he missed the shot and scratched the cue ball. Beth and Willy smiled knowingly at each other.
Beth was up next, and she had an open table. Nobody had made anything yet so she had her choice of high or low balls. Beth was a pretty good shot. Willy had taught her the game on this very table, and she had caught on quickly. She had a good mind for the angles, and a very good understanding of playing for position. So Willy didn't need to coach her, he trusted her instincts.
The low balls had the best position, so she decided to go for the 3 in the side that was away from Willy. Shooting from the end of the table, where she had to place the cue after a scratch, she was giving Willy a good profile view of her legs and ass. Sam and Pete couldn't see her ass from where they stood, but they had a great view of her tits trying to point out of her thin tee shirt, her thick nipples were obvious, and both men were glad she rarely wore a bra.
They also knew that they would have plenty of opportunities to see her ass before the night was over. It was no secret that Beth liked the attention, they could ogle her all they wanted, she wouldn't be offended.
Willy was watching her ass as she took the shot. The tight denim was barely enough to cover it, and Willy had a hunch that given Beth's mood, there was a very good chance she'd left her underwear at home. She had a great ass, and Willy had some great memories of it. And he couldn't wait for more.
Beth knew where he was looking, and she felt herself getting wet from the attention. She was distracted and she made her shot, but left the cue ball in a bad position, leaving herself no follow up shot.
She had to bend over the far end of table, right in front of Pete and Sam. She was again distinctly aware of her ass being leered at as she tried to get a shot that would leave nothing for her opponent to shoot at.
Pete and Sam were drooling over her ass. Both men knew that if she had bent over just a little bit more, they'd probably get a peak of her sweet cheeks and whatever she was wearing under her skirt. Pete took a long swallow of beer as Sam said, "Beth, that is one sweet ass you have there!"
She smiled as she took her shot, not making anything, as planned, but leaving the ball in a tough place.
She stood up and arched her back, looking over her shoulder she said to Sam, "Thanks." Before smiling and walking slowly back to the table where Willy was.
Willy held up his shot glass and told her, "I love looking at your ass too baby!" Beth picked up her whiskey, and as she clinked it to Willy's she told him quietly, "Maybe I want you to do something other than look at it tonight."
They looked into each other's eyes as they both sipped from their glass, before Willy told her in a husky voice, "Baby it would be my great pleasure."
Pete couldn't make a ball, so like Beth had, he shot defensively, leaving Willy with a difficult shot.
Willy managed to make a long, cross corner bank shot. But nothing else.
And so it went, the game drug out with both teams playing for defensive positions. The men all distracted by Beth's sweet ass, and Beth distracted by the men's attention.
Eventually Beth left Pete with a shot on the 8 in the side, and almost felt relief. She couldn't wait to get Willy home. She was already at the bar buying the next round for Sam and Pete, when she heard the 8 ball drop.
Willy finished his beer in a gulp, he was anxious to get going too. He had plans for Beth, and her beautiful ass.
*******************************************
Back at Beth's house, she kicked off her tennis shoes as Willy sat on a chair by the front door to unlace his boots and watch her ass swing as she walked into her kitchen.
He quickly shed his boots and followed her. He found her in the kitchen pulling two beers from the refrigerator. She turned around as she heard him come into the room and held up the two bottles of Bud Lite. "Sorry I don't have any Guinness." She said with a smile.
Willy reached out and took the beers from her hands and set them both down on the counter. "It's okay, I didn't come here for the beer." He told her as he reached around and grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her in tight to his body. She squeaked with surprise before melding her body into his, wrapping her arms around his neck. They leaned in to kiss, and it was hot and passionate from the start.
They were both ready, and she could feel his cock growing against her as they unleashed their pent up desire. Willy slipped his hands up under her skirt and kneaded both of her asscheeks. Beth moaned into his mouth as he groped her and their tongues tangled.
Willy broke the kiss and took a step back. He grabbed the bottom of her tank top and lifted as she raised her arms. He lifted her top up and off her, exposing her small, firm tits and flat belly. Her erect nipples stood out from her breasts, already swollen and puffy.
He reached out and she expected him to grab her tits, but he grabbed her shoulders and spun her around to face the kitchen table. She squealed again with surprise and delight. She loved when Willy was aggressive with her. He was so big and powerful, but she knew she could trust him to never hurt her, only to give her pleasure.
He stepped up behind her and finally reached around to grab her tits, capturing her nipples between his fingers and thumbs. He squeezed roughly as he pushed his cock against her ass. He nuzzled her neck and murmured, "So, that sweet ass of yours needs some attention, huh?"
"Yes!" She gasped, pushing back against the bulge in his pants. "Take my ass Willy." Willy released her little tits and pushed her shoulders down, until she was bent over the table. She gasped as her aroused nipples met the cool surface of the table. "Your wish is my command baby!" Willy growled as he hiked up her skirt to her hips, exposing the firm round bubble of her ass.
Beth heard his knees pop as he knelt down on the floor behind her and she felt his rough, calloused hands smooth out over her firm flesh. "You have the most perfect ass." He said reverently, before leaning in to start placing kisses all over her cheeks.
Willy took his time, kneading and kissing Beth's perfect ass, worshipping it. Her soft sighs told him she was enjoying the attention. He dipped his face lower and ran his tongue across the crease of her thigh and asscheek into her pussy, then over to the other thigh.
Her whimper and the jerk of her body were evidence of her need. He kissed her ass again before placing a playful bite on the meat of her cheek. She writhed and squealed, reaching back to grab the back of his head, trying fruitlessly to guide his face to the crack of her ass and to her flowing pussy.
Willy stopped what he was doing and slapped her ass, hard. She squealed again as he took her hand and told her, "Grab the other end of the table, hold onto it and don't let go!" She whined but dutifully obeyed his command, knowing that he would not continue until she did.
"Good girl." He said, and spanked her ass again, then ran his flattened tongue over the red hand print several times, easing the pain.
Beth whimpered at the sting of the slap, and sighed at the tenderness of his tongue. She had always loved the way he worshipped her ass, but she silently pleaded with him to move on to her more erogenous zones. She was so turned on her body moved of its own volition in response to the stimulation and her need for more.
Willy took a cheek in each large, strong hand and squeezed roughly. "Such a beautiful ass." He murmured, as if to himself. Before pulling her cheeks apart to expose her little brown rosebud.
She spread her legs farther apart to spread herself open for him.
Besides having the best ass he had ever seen, Beth also had the best tasting pussy he had ever tasted. And he couldn't hold back from tasting her any longer.
He dipped his head as his hands spread her cheeks again, and he ran the tip of his tongue from her clit to her anus. She moaned loudly, and hoped he would continue, knowing deep down that he would.
And continue he did. A quick swipe would never be enough. Willy brought his thumbs down and pulled her swollen lips apart, opening her for his tongue. He swiped between them again and swirled his tongue around, then lapped across her taint and probed her asshole again, before heading back down to lap at her pussy some more.
Beth was moaning and humping back against his wicked tongue as Willy went to town on her, sucking her labia, licking her clit, probing her anus, licking and kissing her most sensitive places.
He buried his tongue so deep in her pussy that his nose was pushing against her asshole, and he tickled her as he exhaled.
He brought his tongue up between her lips and back up to her ass, this time bringing his hand over to slide a finger, then two into her pussy. She moaned loudly, deep in her chest as she felt his big thick fingers fucking her and his tongue swirling around her asshole, rimming her.
She was so fucking turned on, it felt so dirty and so good to have her asshole played with, licked and probed. Willy's days worth of stubble scraped the inside of her cheeks, adding to the nastiness of the act.
She realized she wanted to see the action. Willy had always said that he loved the view from back there. She decided she wanted to see it too. And she really wanted to see what he was doing to her, to watch him as he gave her so much pleasure.
She realized that the website she now visited regularly was making her a voyeur, plus she wanted photos she could eventually post, so others could see her depravity too.
She released the edge of the table where she was still grasping it, per Willy's instruction, and reached for her purse on the edge of the table.
Willy noticed the movement and asked her what she was doing. "I, I want to see. I want to watch you." She gasped. She found her phone in her purse and pulled it out. "Keep going Willy, don't stop!"
Willy had no intention of stopping, and went back to work on her with his mouth and thrusting fingers as she tried to concentrate on unlocking her phone and bringing up the camera. Once she had it open she switched to selfie mode and raised her arm above her head and snapped a photo of his face peering up at her from behind her ass.
Willy had to wonder if Beth had gotten the idea of taking pictures from Meagan. He had been fucking Beth for a long time now, and she had never done that before. He knew she was as close to Meagan as he was to Todd, surely she knew about her friend's kink. Her love for being photographed. Had Meagan encouraged Beth to try it too? Or had Beth just decided that it sounded like fun?
Beth was trying to reach her arm back to get a picture of Willy's tongue working on her asshole. She knew he had to be wondering about her desire to see what he was doing. She wondered what he knew about Meagan and Todd, and their camera play. Neither of them yet knew of the other's recent sexual activity with their friends. Meagan had sworn them both to secrecy. She had plans for a big reveal that neither Beth nor Willy knew about yet.
After Beth's adventure playing with Meagan and Todd, they had also asked her to hold off on telling Willy about the website that they were all now apart of. Meagan had helped Beth in setting up her own profile and posting some pictures, but made Beth swear to leave Willy out of it, for now. And to not post anything that might give them away if Willy stumbled onto it. They all understood that Willy was a bachelor, and he was not above looking at porn online. She said they wanted to surprise him with it eventually.
Willy was still lapping away at Beth, licking and rimming her ass while finger fucking her pussy, but she was obviously distracted by trying to get photos. She wasn't getting into it as much as she had been. So he reached out and took the phone from her hand, telling her, "Give me that! I'll get you some good shots."
Willy thought back to his own time with Meagan. He had realized later that he was so stunned by the whole thing, that he really hadn't been able to get many good photos of the fun they had. Todd had sent him a bunch of pics that he jacked off to pretty regularly, but most of the good ones were shots Todd had taken. Most of his were not as good, blurry or off center. He knew it was because Todd was more experienced, but also because he was just overwhelmed by the fact that he was finally getting to play with the woman he never thought he would get to enjoy.
But now he was with a woman who he had been with many times. And he wasn't nervous or surprised at being here. He knew he would be a better photographer this time. He leaned back and snapped a photo of her ass and pussy, both wet with his saliva and her own excitement, her lips open with her arousal like a blooming flower.
He reached out with his free hand and palmed an asscheek. His big hand easily covered it and his thumb reached her pussy. He pulled her open and Beth felt her asshole stretch before she heard the shutter of her camera. She felt the thrill she had learned to love with Meagan.
She was so turned on, she wanted him to eat her some more, she needed him to fuck her soon. But she wanted him to capture every moment. "Eat me Willy, eat me and take pictures of it!" She pleaded. "You've always told me you love the view from back there. I want to see it, see what you do to me!"
"How can I refuse that?!" Willy responded. He reached a finger between her wet lips and started to shoot pictures as he diddled her briefly. She whimpered and rolled her hips. She moaned as he slipped his fat, calloused middle finger deep into her and she gasped as he took the photo.
He pulled his hand back and when his finger was free of her, he had a sticky string of her nectar stretching between her lips and the wet digit. He took a photo of that, then another of him sucking his finger clean.
He heard her whine, then plead, "C'mon Willy, eat me? Please?" He knew he couldn't resist it, and set the camera back to selfie mode. He held it under her pussy looking up, and made sure his finger was on the button. He made sure he had her swollen wet labia in the frame as he leaned forward and started to press the button repeatedly as he started to lick her.
Beth heard the shutter going off, time and again, as she felt his tongue start to lick her pussy. She started to cry out as she felt herself starting to cum. He was getting into it, and knew she was going off, and he had to push his tongue in deeper. He loved how her cum tasted.
He lost count of how many photos he took, but he knew that to actually capture the moment, he needed to catch her pussy pushing back into his face and the sexy sounds she made as she came.
He paused long enough to change the camera setting to video and got her quivering pussy back in the frame. He hit the button to start and she heard the ding just before she felt his face in her pussy again.
"AAAGGGGGHHHHH!" She cried as she felt his tongue slip back between her lips. She had heard the video start and knew that it would be exciting to watch later. She also knew she would be posting it someday, and she was sure there would be a lot of guys who would watch it and jack off, wishing it was them eating her pussy. Maybe some sexy women too, she thought as she cried out and pushed back against his face.
She continued to moan and whimper as she climaxed, she had always been vocal during sex, but knowing it was being recorded, made it seem so much more exciting, she really let go. "AGHHH, AGGHH, AAGGHH, OH FUCK YEAH BABY, EAT ME, AAHHHH!"
She let go of the table again to reach back and grab his head, pulling his face deeper into her pussy. Willy was in pussy heaven, Beth's juice was flowing and he was lapping it up like a starving man. He had his mouth buried in the best pussy he'd ever had, her killer ass pushing back on his face, hearing her exclamations of pleasure, all combined to urge him on to the next step towards their goal, his big cock stuffed deep in her ass.
He brought in his free hand and started to tease her clit, started to slide his tongue up across her taint to tease her puckered asshole. Her cries increased, reflecting her desire to have her ass stimulated too. "AGGHH, OOHH, OH YEAH BABY, YES! RIM ME, RIM MY ASS!"
He slipped his two fingers back inside her pussy and moved his oral attention back to her ass. He realized he was still filming from below, trying to hold the camera steady. He knew he was now catching his fingers fucking her, but not the attention he was giving to her ass. Trying not to jerk the camera around too much, he brought it up and around to try to capture the rimming he was giving her.
It was difficult, he had to keep his head to the side to capture his tongue working her rosebud. It was also very distracting to try and do both jobs at the same time. For a second he wished Todd or Meagan were there to take care of the camera work, and he could focus on giving Beth pleasure. But from the sounds she was making, he guessed he was doing alright.
But he knew he could give her what she wanted, what she needed, a lot better without the distractions of trying to film it or take photos.
Willy decided to just set the camera down and let it run. He would use his own phone too, and catch the fun from two angles.
Reaching out for her arm, he pulled her hand from the table edge and down, "Play with yourself baby." He growled. Her fingers obeyed the command and she whimpered as she went to work strumming her labia and clit.
He placed her phone, still in selfie mode, set to video, between her feet on the floor facing up. Looking at the screen he could see her fingers working her sweet pussy. He pulled his own phone out and set it up the same way, selfie video, and pulled a kitchen chair over to set the phone on the seat, leaning against the backrest. Looking at the screen he could see her sweet ass and her fingers working on her pussy. Satisfied for now he hit the record button and she heard the second phone ding as he started to record her from two angles. Beth got a thrill as she imagined how hot the videos would be.
Willy rose from his knees and stepped back to watch her finger herself as he undressed. Once he was naked, he couldn't help but stroke himself as he watched her play with herself. He eyed up her ass and considered going to her bedroom for the lube. He knew she kept it in the drawer next to her bed. But then he got another idea.
Willy knew his way around her house very well. He knew where she kept everything in her kitchen. He reached into the cupboard next to the stove and grabbed the can of cooking spray. With a smirk he stepped into the frame of both cameras and shook the can. On the screens of both phones he could see his hard cock waving wildly next to her sexy ass as he shook the can. Beth looked over her shoulder to see what he was doing, and smiled at his naughty idea.
He placed his hard length on her ass and sprayed the oil all over his cock and her asshole. She cried out as she felt the spray hit her tender flesh. Using his hand, he stroked his cock to make sure he was completely coated in the oil, before turning his attention to her little puckered hole.
He used his fingers to smear the oil all around the entrance to her ass before pushing one inside. Beth made a sexy exhalation sound as his strong fat finger penetrated her. He slipped in to the first knuckle and plunged in and out of her a few times, before spraying more oil and pushing in further.
Willy watched the show on his camera screen as he continued to play in Beth's ass, working deeper gradually, enjoying both the show and the noises she was making.
He finally got his finger in as far as it would go, his other fingers balled into his palm. He plunged into her several times, pulling and pushing to the sides, stretching her out, enjoying her tightness and her sexy moaning, until he had her loose enough to add a second finger. Pulling back until just the calloused tip was inside her, he stretched her tight flesh aside and sprayed more oil into her hole, and added the second finger.
"Ehhhh." Moaned Beth as Willy worked the oil into her sphincter, and she felt the second finger. "Mmm yes!" she moaned as he continued to gradually work on her tight ass.
She was still playing with her own pussy, and she had to reach her fingers up inside herself to feel his fingers through the thin membrane that separated them. She already felt so full, so good. The slightest movement of Willy's fingers caused that pleasure tinged pain that was so fucking good.
Willy's fingers gradually worked into her hole until he had them both embedded to the hilt. He paused, allowing her to adjust, to adapt to the intrusion of his big fat working man fingers.
Beth panted, feeling so full, so fucking nasty, bent over her kitchen table with a man sticking his fingers all the way up her ass. She knew it would not be long before he replaced the digits with his fat prick.
Willy began to gently but firmly finger fuck Beth's asshole, occasionally spraying more cooking oil into the mix. Before again laying the length of his prick on her ass cheek and again hosing it down with the oil. Beth knew it wouldn't be long now.
Willy looked at both camera phones, watching his fat fingers sawing in and out of his fuck buddies' ass from different angles and completely understood Todd and Meagan's affinity for the camera as a sex toy. It really does make it hotter, nastier even. And it allowed you to relive it, so much more vividly than a memory. He knew he would be jacking off when he reviewed this, and he was about to make it better.
"You ready for more baby?" He asked Beth gently as he moved his cock in closer to the plunging fingers. "Yes," Beth hissed. "Give me that big dick baby!" She was more than ready.
Willy abruptly withdrew his fingers, and before her gaping asshole could start to close he shoved the oily head of his cock into her sphincter. Beth let out a squeak, followed by a long groan as he held himself steady, just his thick head penetrated her, stretching her, and he held himself there and allowed her to get accustomed to his girth.
Beth rode the always exhilarating sensation of stretching pain, and the fear that she would be torn open that she always felt when she was first penetrated by a thick cock in her ass. She knew it was going to fit, but for that brief moment she had to resist the panic and remind herself to relax and push back.
When she was ready for more she signaled him by rolling her hips, pushing her ass back against him, moaning "More" and he gave her another inch. Beth moaned deep in her chest and reached both hands out and again clasped the far edge of the table submitting herself to his cock.
She put her forehead down between her arms and onto the table as she forced herself to accept the pleasure and the pain of the invasion. She got a kind of adrenaline rush from the pain that was in part fear, in part a thrill of doing something many considered nasty and taboo
Willy interpreted her body language and her sexy vocalizations to know when she was ready for more. He fought the urge to thrust completely into her as he controlled his body and his breathing. He too loved the naughty idea of fucking her ass, and she gripped his cock like a hot velvet vise.
When he sensed she was ready he backed off until the crown of his swollen cockhead was just visible, and then rocked his hips forward, going back in, an inch deeper than last time. The two moaned together as if harmonizing.
"Fuck baby you feel so good!" Willy growled. "Mmm, you too. I love how you fill me!" She gasped, already wanting more.
Willy was more than happy to fill her and pulled out an inch before pushing in two more. Now half way into her, he paused again as she adjusted to his girth with a groan.
He smoothed his hand over her back, caressing her with his calloused hands, telling her softly, "You're doing good honey, half way there."
"Mmnng" She groaned, "Fuck yeah baby!" Her asshole was on fire, but she knew she had the worst pain over with. It would only get better from there. "Give it to me Willy, fuck me with that fat dick!"
Willy rocked on his feet, teasing Beth with the threat of plunging in. "You want more?" "Yes." Beth said almost desperately. She looked back over her shoulder at him and hissed, "YES! GIVE IT TO ME!" She demanded. She was ready for the rest of his dick.
Willy hesitated only long enough to pick up the pan spray again, then pulled out almost all the way, briefly, long enough to spray the junction of their bodies with another generous amount of oil before he pushed back in. He saw the phone below, reflecting the action, and knew they were capturing it all.
He pushed himself slowly but firmly all the way in to her, and again they moaned together. He stopped when he was in to the hilt and Beth could feel his balls on her pussy.
Beth panted as she adjusted to the fullness of her ass. "Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ohh fuck that's good!" She felt the fullness and pressure of Willy's dick stretching her, but not moving, waiting to begin giving her the pounding she wanted. Needed.
When she got accustomed to the big dick in her ass, she again signaled her desire by pushing back against him. But this time she spoke up, "Fuck my ass Willy. Give it to me baby!"
"Okay babe, here we go." He told her as he pulled his cock out about half way before sliding back in. He continued to take her slowly, gradually, paying attention to her moans, her movements. They had done this before, and he knew she would get more enjoyment if he let her build up to the hard fucking they always finished with.
He also knew that if he started pounding too soon he would never be able to hold off his own orgasm, no matter how much whiskey he drank. Her ass just felt too good. He needed to pace himself, or her tight ass would milk him too fast if he wasn't careful. He wanted this to last for them both.
He gradually pulled half way out, and slowly pushed back in to the hilt. Out and in, out and in, slowly but steadily. He listened to Beth, her sexy groans told him she was feeling the pleasure she desired. The gradual buildup of sensations that would eventually push her over the edge.
Beth was loving the feeling of his prick moving in and out of her, the pain, and fear that accompanied it, had subsided like she knew it would. All that was left was the fullness and excitement of having a big cock in her most forbidden hole.
The act itself was enough to give her a thrill. She felt nasty and depraved from the taboo nature of taking a cock in her ass. She got off on the idea that many women were too afraid, too squeamish, or just too prudish to even try this. She got a sense of pride, power even, that she was one of the bold women who would do this, and enjoy it.
She moaned loudly in time with Willy's gentle probing. She was accustomed to the size now, and ready for more. "Give it to me Willy." She whispered urgently.
Willy loved hearing her ask for more. But she had said it so softly he wasn't sure it was picked up by the two cameras that were capturing the whole lurid scene. "What? I didn't hear you baby." He definitely wanted to be able to hear her on the video!
She knew damn well he heard her, but she also knew how much he loved hearing her talking dirty, asking, pleading for his cock. All men loved that. So she repeated herself, louder this time. "Give it to me Willy! Fuck me, fuck my ass!"
"Okay baby, you got it!" Willy answered with a smile. He slid his hands up her back and grasped her shoulders, even as she released the table with one hand and reached down to run her fingers over her pussy.
He used her shoulders for leverage as he started to plunge harder into her. Harder and faster. He felt her fingers against his balls as he was embedded in her and pulling her back against himself.
He grunted with each thrust and she moaned loudly. Her higher pitch in harmony with his bass. The loud slap of skin on skin keeping time. The tempo and intensity increasing gradually as they worked together toward the crescendo.
Beth swirled her fingers over and over her drooling pussy, feeling Willy's nuts slap her every time he bottomed out, feeling his fat prick stretching her as deep as he could reach. "Yes!" She cried, "Yes Willy, give it to me!"
Her cries grew to a wailing as he increased the speed and force of his thrusting even more. "Fuu, Fuu, Fuck, Fuck me!" She screamed. "Fuck me Willy! Fuck my ass!"
His grunting became louder also as he worked to give her the fucking she wanted, fighting off the impending climax building up in his balls.
The tightness of her ass around his dick and her nasty talk, begging to be fucked hard was working on his concentration, breaking down his resolve to last as long as he could.
Willy looked over at the phone on the chair. The screen showed her asshole stretched around his cock only when he was pulling out. When he was pushed in deep, his hip blocked the view. He knew she wanted to see it all, from his point of view.
Willy smirked to himself knowing how she would react, but he pulled completely out of her anyway. She squealed in surprise at the sudden emptiness while he reached out to grab his phone. In seconds he had switched out of selfie mode and zoomed in on her gaping hole.
"What are you doing?" Beth squealed in frustration. "Why did you stop?!" "Because I know you want to see this from my perspective, and that's what I'm going to give you." He explained as he used his free hand to guide his angry looking prick back to her waiting hole. He thought about how erotic it was to see his cock on the screen, pushing back into her rectum, capturing the action and her verbal response as she groaned with pleasure as he pushed back in.
Willy resumed fucking her the way he knew she wanted it, hard. He had thought that having the phone in his hand would distract him from cumming too fast, but it only made the act seem naughtier, dirtier, and more exciting.
He started to stroke faster in and out, watching it all on the screen.
He knew he was going to lose it soon and just went to town on her. Fucking her ass as hard and fast as he possibly could. Pounding her, giving her exactly what she wanted while she wailed.
Beth felt Willy's cock grow just that much more and knew he was getting close. She knew she would soon feel the delicious warmth of his jizz filling her and it pushed her over the edge. Her climax hit her like a freight train, rushing through her body. She was unable to maintain her strumming on her pussy, and simply shoved two fingers into herself as deep as she could.
Willy knew she was getting off, and the thought excited him, dragging him closer himself. When he felt her fingers through the thin membrane of her asshole it drove him past the point of resistance and he howled as he let loose. The added tightness, the extra stimulation of her fingers on the underside of his prick had him shooting his load hard, deep into her bowels.
Beth felt his cock explode. She felt him expand to his maximum size. She felt the surge against her fingers as his cum shot up his length. She felt the hot ejaculate flooding her deep inside. She felt him push himself into her as deep and hard as he could, holding himself embedded in her as his cock pulsed and he howled at the ceiling like a victorious Celtic warrior howling at the moon.
It all served to push her deeper into her own climax, overriding her senses, blurring her vision and muting her hearing. Her whole body tensed up as she rode the waves of her orgasm
They rode out their orgasms together, like they had always done, and when they came back down they were both spent. Beth lay limply across her kitchen table, and Willy needed to sit down.
"Oh fuck babe." He mumbled as he stepped back, his softening prick slipping easily from her stretched rectum. He managed to keep the phone aimed at her wide open asshole as he pulled the chair next to him closer before he collapsed into it. The video camera still running, he aimed it at her gaping hole and filmed the first trickles of his cum ooze out.