[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]

Holly-Cam

Part-6
I was standing outside the bedroom window of the little bungalow, looking in at Holly, Lana, and Sandy on the king-size bed. My pants were around my ankles, and I had my stiff cock in my hand, stroking it slowly as I watched the three naked women enjoying each others charms.
Lana was on her back, and Sandy was straddling her head. As Sandy rocked her hips, grinding her pussy across Lana face, Lana was reaching up and fondling Sandy's heavy tits, and pulling on her big, stiff nipples.
Holly stood at the foot of the bed, bent over at the waist, with her face planted between Lana's spread legs. She shook her head, side to side, as she forced her face into the lips of her clamshell pussy, causing Lana to moan loudly into Sandy's cunt.
Holly then switched from side-to-side motions to up-and-down, licking the length of Lana's juicy pussy from her puckered little asshole to her protruding clit.
After a few laps, Holly concentrated on Lana's huge clit, flicking her tongue over its head, and sucking it into her mouth like a tiny cock.
Even with Sandy's pussy mashed into her face, I could hear Lana moan, "Oh, fuck, yeah! Suck my clit, Holly! Suck it and shove your fingers up my cunt, too! Fuck my little cunt hole!"
Just as Holly was inserting two fingers into Lana's hungry pussy, Joe came into the room. He was completely naked, and his long cock stood straight out and as stiff as a pipe.
He walked up behind my lovely wife, and without even using his hand to guide his dick, he lined up and pressed his cock-head against the entrance to her sopping wet pussy. Taking a step forward, he pushed his hard cock into Holly's cunt, and I watched intently as its full length slowly disappeared up her pussy.
As Joe began to fuck her with slow, deep strokes, I began jerking off furiously, intent of blowing my load all over the side of the house while I watched another man fuck my wife.
As Joe picked up his pace, now pounding his stiff dick into Holly's cunt with faster, shorter strokes, I pounded away at my own rock-hard cock. I then watched Holly lift her face from between Lana's legs, and soaked with Lana's pussy juice, she turned and gave me a big smile and a wink.
Suddenly, the ground shook!
Only it wasn't an earthquake. It was the plane touching down on the runway in Honolulu, and snapping me out of one of the best dreams I could remember.
***
It would be another four hours before Holly's plane landed, so Lana and I took an Uber out to her parents' rental property. It was a cute little place that had probably been built in the fifties, but it had been completely renovated inside with all the modern amenities. It sat across a road and not more than a hundred yards from a golden-sand beach and the Pacific Ocean.
Lana gave me a quick tour, but then had to take the Uber to her own apartment, which was across the island. The plan was that I would pick up Holly at the airport, later on, come back here to freshen up, and then we would all meet for dinner at the restaurant that Lana's parents also owned.
***
God, it felt good to wrap my arms around my wife, and kiss her lips when she got off the plane! We held hands in the back of the Uber all the way out to the bungalow.
Once inside, we wrapped our arms around each other, and began making out like a couple of teenagers. My commando dick quickly stiffened, and as Holly felt it pressing against her leg, she broke our kiss long enough to say, "God, baby, I've missed your big cock! Take it out so I can suck on it! Then I want you to shove it up my cunt and fuck the hell out of me!"
I groaned and replied, "How about a cold shower, instead?"
Surprised, she looked me in the eyes, and said simply, "What?"
"As much as I want to feel your luscious lips around my cock, and want to feel your hot cunt hugging its whole length," I explained, "I promised myself—and you—a big built-up hands-free orgasm while I watched you and Lana together. Do you think you can wait until later tonight?"
She reached down and gripped my hard-on through my pants. Then with a grin, she said, "Do you thinkyoucan?"
"Not if you keep that up!" I answered.
Still holding my dick, she gave me another passionate kiss, and then let go. "Okay. I'll quit teasing you ... for now," she said. "But all bets are off when we meet Lana."
I groaned, and said, "Yeah. I can imagine that the two of you are going to make it very hard for me. But no grabbing me, again, okay? Not even under the table."
"Okay," she said with another impish grin. "But you have to go commando, tonight. Deal?"
"Do I really have a choice?" I replied.
"Nope," she said. With a big smile, she added, "And you'll probably want to wear the black slacks I brought you; they won't show the wet spot as easily."
***
I used the second bedroom and its shower to get ready so I wouldn't be tempted—and teased—by Holly's nakedness. Having only packed for work, she had brought me a suitcase of vacation clothes, and I dressed in a Hawaiian-print shirt over the black slacks that she had suggested. They were a little more snug that I might have chosen for going commando—I could make out the shape of my dick being hugged against my right leg, even without being aroused—but a deal is a deal. Plus, I have to admit, that after completely exposing my cock and balls in the car yesterday while Lana jerked me off, the exhibitionist in me was growing to the level of my voyeuristic side.
When Holly stepped out of the master bedroom, she looked stunning! She had added some cute flips to her hair, and she wore a wraparound sarong skirt with a short halter-top. The halter had a wide enough V in the front to show off half of her wonderful braless tits.
She did a slow modeling turn for me, and then struck a pose with her left leg sticking out through the wrap's slit.
"Wow!" I said. "You are gorgeous! Lana is going to go berserk when she sees you!"
She looked me up and down, and after a long look at my crotch, she said in a sexy voice, "You're looking pretty sexy, yourself, big boy. Is that a flashlight in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?"
"Oh, I'mveryhappy to see you!" I replied with a laugh. "I just hope I don't get too muchhappier, or everyone will know how much I've missed you!"
"Well, if it makes things any easier for you," she said, "I've gone commando, too." With that she pulled back the slit of the sarong, and showed me her naked pussy with its perfectly-trimmed landing-strip of hair.
As I felt my dick begin to swell, I replied, "No, baby, that does nothelpat all! But I love it, just the same!"
***
Lana was outside the restaurant waiting for us when we got out of the Uber. She too was dressed in a sarong and a halter top. Fortunately, that fashionfaux paswas minimized by Holly's skirt being predominantly red, while Lana's was mostly yellow, and Holly's top was white where Lana's was black. (Whew!)
Lana's jet-black hair was braided into a sort of crown on top of her head, with real flowers woven into it. On her feet, she wore high-heeled sandals that brought her up a little closer to Holly's height.
The smiles that spread across the two women's faces when they saw each other were priceless. They walked together and wrapped their arms around each other like best friends who had been separated for years.
"I am so glad to finally meet you!" they both said at the same time, and then laughed. They exchanged a kiss, and then just stood there holding each other.
Standing beside them, I cleared my throat, and said, "Hi, I'm Ted. Remember me?"
Lana disengaged herself from Holly, wrapped her arms around me, and gave me a kiss, too.
"Thank you so much for negotiating all this with your boss!" she said. "I am so excited!" She crooked a thumb toward the entrance, and added, "This is my treat, tonight, out of my bonus."
"Your money is no good here, Miss Lana!" a Hawaiian--accented voice announced from the doorway. "Your friends are our guests!"
We all turned to see a handsome Hawaiian man standing in the entrance, with one arm around a beautiful Hawaiian woman.
"Mom and Dad," Lana introduced, "This is Holly, and this is Ted."
As we shook, her father introduced himself as Kanoa, said, "Lana's told us all about you. She credits you with finishing early and her getting a big bonus."
"It was a team effort," I replied. "And we were pretty motivated."
"Yes," Lana's mother, Kalani, said. Then looking directly at Holly, she added, "I too would be motivated!"
What the hell did that mean? Surely, Lana hadn't told her parents about our Holly-cam exploits!
"Come in! Come in!" Kanoa waved. "You just have time to order before the show starts."
Always the gentleman, I motioned the two women ahead of me. As we walked, I leaned down close to Lana's ear, and whispered, "What the hell did you tell them?"
"I'll tell you later," she replied with that impish smile of hers.
As guests of the owners, I expected to be shown to a front-row table, but instead, we were lead to a semicircular booth that was up against the back wall. The high seat-backs and the location made it obvious that this row of booths had been installed for privacy. But they were raised enough that they also gave a great view of the stage.
We slid into the booth with Holly in the middle, and Lana and I on either side of her. We ordered drinks, and Lana told the waiter—a good-looking guy wearing only a loincloth—what to bring us for food.
The waiter had barely left the table when the house-lights dimmed, and the stage lights came up. As Lana's father stepped out onto the stage, Lana and I scooted around closer to Holly in the middle of the booth, so we were all facing front.
The show was one of those hula-dance, drum-thumping, flaming-baton-twirling, affairs that are common at luaus.
As we watched the beautiful young women performing their provocative dances, I moved my hand onto Holly's leg under the tablecloth-draped table. Exposed through the slit, I gently slid my fingers up and down her smooth, bare leg. As I moved my touch higher, I encountered another set of fingers on her other leg.
I looked over at Lana, and we both laughed. "Great minds think alike," she said.
As Holly tried to pretend that nothing was going on, Lana and I had her sarong separated, and her naked pussy fully exposed, although hidden by the tablecloth and the darkness.
As we both slid our fingers along Holly's inner thighs, making our way toward her pussy, she complained quietly, "Oh, you two!" But she also parted her legs, allowing us easier access.
Teasingly, Lana and I each ran a finger up and down the outside edges of Holly's pussy mound, purposefully avoiding contact with her lips.
Holly continued to act nonchalant, and took a sip of her piña-colada as she watched the grass-skirted, coconut-bra'd young women dancing.
When Lana and I put our fingers together, and slid them through Holly's wet pussy lips, all the way from bottom to top, she opened her eyes wide, and sucked in her breath, no longer able to pretend her pussy wasn't on fire.
Then, when I began making gentle circles on her clit, and Lana bent her finger and slid it easily into Holly's moist cunt hole, Holly had to set her glass down, and she closed her eyes, and moaned softly, "Oh, God!"
As I continued my slow gentle motions on Holly's clit, Lana removed her finger from the depths of my wife's wet pussy, raised her hand above the table, and took the finger between her lips.
She provocatively lapped and sucked on it, and when she withdrew it from her mouth, she said, "Oh, you taste so wonderful!"
I then watched Holly drop her hand below the table, and by the expression on Lana's face, I knew my wife had pushed her finger up Lana's cunt hole, returning the favor—and the tease.
When she lifted her hand back up, I caught the glint of the wetness on two fingers, and then watched as she brought them to her mouth, and as she had done in one of her videos, she spread them, and slid the tip of her tongue through their "crotch," savoring Lana's pussy juice.
Between acts on the stage our food was brought out, and as the waiter and his cute female server approached, Holly instinctively reached under the table to flip her sarong closed. But although they couldn't have seen anything, anyway, Lana stopped her, and whispered in her ear, "Leave your pretty pussy exposed. I think that is so hot!"
The teasing continued through dinner and the rest of the show, and included me sliding a slender bread roll through Holly's wet pussy lips, and then offering the glistening morsel to Lana, who licked and ate it with a wide smile.
When the show was over, Lana's folks came by the table to chat, and again, Lana stopped my wife from covering up, also leaving her own pussy exposed under the table.
Although my dick was safely tucked inside my pants, I was still glad that it was hidden by the table, because, as Holly had predicted, it had drooled enough pre-cum from all the teasing to produce a serious wet spot on my pant leg. I just hoped that the black slacks and dim light would be enough to hide it when we got up to leave.
***
In the backseat of the Uber, we again put Holly in the middle, and Lana sat behind the driver. In direct line-of-sight in his mirror, Holly had to behave herself, but Lana felt no such restrictions, and hidden by the driver's seat and the darkness, she pulled her sarong open, again, to expose her lovely naked pussy to Holly's touch.
Illuminated by the lights of the occasional passing car, I could see my wife's hand cupped over Lana's pussy mound, and could also make out that her middle finger was inserted between the soft clamshell lips.
By the time we made it to the bungalow, Lana was biting her lip to keep from moaning as Holly wiggled her finger deep into the wet, hidden folds of her pussy.
***
As soon as we made it inside the little house, Holly pushed Lana up against the kitchen wall, and covered her mouth in an aggressive, open-mouthed kiss. As they bit each other's tongues and lips, Holly wound her fingers into Lana's hair, pulling her face tight against her hungry mouth. Lana's braid unraveled, spilling the flowers onto the floor in one of the hottest scenes of being "taken" that I'd ever watched.
Holding Lana's head tightly, Holly separated her mouth from Lana's just enough to growl, "Strip me, you little tease! Get me out of these fucking clothes!"
Lana virtually ripped the sarong from my wife's hips, exposing her gorgeous naked ass to me, and then she pulled Holly's halter top up and off of her tits and then over her head as my wife released her fingers from her hair.
"Now you!" Holly commanded. "Show me those wonderful little tits and that hot cunt of yours!"
Lana was nude in a matter of seconds, and Holly used her naked body to press her against the wall, again, crushing their tits together, and grinding their pussy mounds.
As Holly mashed her open mouth against Lana's, sucking on her tongue and chewing her lips, she was gyrating her hips to grind their pussies together, and I was treated to a fantastic show of my wife's perfectly-formed naked ass erotically rocking back and forth.
Lana was moaning from deep in her throat as she reached around, and dug her fingers into the flesh of Holly's ass, pulling her even harder against her bulging cunt.
Still determined to not start beating off, even at this hottest sex show I'd ever seen, I nonetheless had to free my raging hard-on, and I was quickly as naked as the two women. My stiff dick stood straight out and drooled a small stream of its built-up pre-cum onto the floor.
I leaned back against the kitchen table, gripping its edge to give my hands a place to be, rather than wrapped around my cock where years of instinct told them they should be.
After a long, slow pull on Lana's lower lip with her teeth, Holly suddenly spun Lana around, and gave her cute little ass a hard smack. Lana jumped and let out a small surprised yelp, but she stuck her ass back out, silently asking for more.
Holly obliged her with another stinging slap on the other cheek. Lana jumped, again, but this time let out a moan rather than a yelp.
I could clearly see my wife's handprints on Lana's naked ass just before Holly moved closer and pressed her body against Lana's. She reached around her, and took her small tits in her hands, mashing her fingers into them, and then sliding her fingers and thumbs onto her tiny little stiff nipples.
As she pulled and twisted the little nubs, she was grinding her pelvis against Lana's reddened ass, soothing the welts she had left there.
As she mauled Lana's tits and ground against her ass, Holly ran her the tip of her tongue through the maze of Lana's ear. She then took it between her teeth, and chewed on it lightly.
Lana's mouth opened, and a low moan came from her throat driven by the combination of hot erotic sensations my wife was generating in her sexy little body.
Barely above a whisper, I heard Holly say into Lana's ear, "I want you to eat my cunt, little tease! I want to rub my pussy in your face and feel your tongue shoved up my cunt-hole!"
Lana's reply was an "Oh yes!" exhaled on a heavy breath as Holly turned her back around and pushed her to her knees.
With no pretense of being gentle, Holly wound her fingers into Lana's hair, and as she spread her legs and rotated her hips, she pulled her face into her cunt. Rocking her hips, and with a tight grip on Lana's head, Holly used Lana's face to fuck her pussy.
She ground Lana's little nose into her clit, and then lifted her face so that her mouth was over the sensitive little nub. "Suck it! Suck on my clit, little tease!" Holly commanded. "Rub your tongue on it and suck on it hard!"
From the hollow in Lana's cheeks I could tell that she was doing what she was told, and from the moan escaping Holly's throat, I knew she was doing it well. My stiff, untouched dick responded by twitching and pumping another ooze of pre-cum up its length and out through its pee hole.
After obviously enjoying a great clit stimulation, Holly held Lana's face tight against her pussy, and forced it downward (although I'm sure that Lana hardly needed to be "forced").
Holly twisted Lana's head side to side while pulling into the sopping wet lips, smearing her pussy juice all across Lana's pretty face. Then she held it still, and told her, "Push your tongue up my cunt-hole, little tease! Make me cum! Make me gush my hot fucking cum all over your lovely little face!"
I couldn't see it, of course, but it was obvious from Holly's reactions that Lana was giving my wife's cunt a fantastic tongue-fucking.
With her head thrown back and her eyes closed, Holly squatted down a bit lower, allowing her legs to spread even farther, and she rotated her hips, lining her pussy up a little better with Lana's mouth. As she held Lana's face mashed hard against her soaked pussy, a low "Oh, fuck, yeah!" escaped her open mouth.
About ten seconds later, Holly's whole body started to shake, and she let out a growl, followed by, "Suck my fucking cunt, tease! Suck the cum out of my pussy!"
Built up by all of the mutual pussy-teasing in the restaurant and in the car, Holly's cunt virtually exploded with her first orgasm of the night.
Even above the loud "Arrhh!" that escaped Holly's throat, I could hear the sloshing wet sounds of coming from her pussy as Lana lapped, sucked, and slurped the river of cunt-juice that flooded her face.
After what had to be one of the longest, hardest orgasms my wife ever had, she finally pulled Lana's drenched face from her pussy, lifted her to her feet, and clamped her mouth over Lana's cum-soaked lips.
As they kissed, sharing the taste of my wife's hot cum, Holly reached down and gripped Lana's cute little ass in her hands. There must have been some lingering effects of the ass-slaps still there, as Lana jumped and winced momentarily at Holly tight squeeze, but then, while a moan escaped her throat into Holly's mouth, she wiggled her ass looking for more pain/pleasure.
By now, my rock-hard boner was oozing a near-constant drip-drip-drip of precum onto the floor. I had the clench my gut muscles to keep it from erupting all on its own. Although that was the goal, of course, I wanted to hold off as long as I could. I knew that every second that I got to watch these two bare-ass and gorgeous women having hotter sex that even my depraved imagination could have conjured up, it was building a bigger load of cum to blow out through my cock when I finally couldn't hold back any longer.
With their mouths still locked together, Holly turned the pair around, and walked Lana backwards until she was up against the kitchen island. With a final suck on her tongue, she lifted the smaller woman up and sat her naked ass at the edge of the cold granite.
Lana sucked in her breath, but I didn't know if that was from the cold of the countertop, the sting from her ass-slaps, or the anticipation of finally having my wife's face buried in her pussy.
Holly pushed her back onto her elbows, and then pulled her legs up. Lana eagerly cooperated by putting her heels of her tall sandals on the edge of the counter, and spreading her legs apart until her knees were almost on the granite surface.
As Lana watched intently, Holly reached out and gently traced her fingers over Lana's protruding pussy. I didn't know if the intent was to tease Lana with the light touch, or if Holly was simply exploring the unique shape and feel of Lana's mound. WhateverHolly'sreasoning,Lanalet out a long. "Ohh!" on a deep breath.
With my stiff dick dripping, I watched as Holly laid her open hands on Lana's inner thighs, and slowly brought them together until they cupped Lana's mound, holding it with only its snuggly-closed wet lips exposed. Holding them together, Holly leaned down and ran the tip of her tongue from one end of the slit to the other.
Lana drew in a long breath, and closed her eyes. She quickly snapped them back open, though, obviously wanting to get the added arousal ofwatchingwhat my wife was doing, as much asfeelingit.
Holly slowly traced the tip of her tongue along the slit a few times, pressing a bit harder and going a bit deeper between Lana's pussy lips with each pass. Finally, she spread her hands farther apart, and she pushed her tongue as deep into Lana's mound as she could get it. Then, with her own lips pressing tightly against the soft pussy lips, she made a slow lick up the entire length of Lana's slit.
When she reached the top of the snuggly-closed slit, I could tell that Holly was wiggling her tongue down inside the soft, wet flesh. I guessed that she had found Lana's extraordinary clit.
My guess was confirmed when Lana sucked in a huge breath, and then said, "Oh, fuck, Holly! Yes! Do my clit! Suck on it! Please, Holly, suck my fat fucking clit!"
Though I'm sure she didn't need to be told, Holly happily obliged. She pulled Lana's pussy lips wide apart with her hands, exposing her amazing clit, poking up from its sheath like a tiny penis. For a moment, she just stared at it, no doubt as fascinated with it as I was—actually, probably more!
She looked up and locked eyes with Lana, and then through a wide smile she extended her tongue and lowered her face.
I needed to move to get a better view, and when I did my impatient dick drooled out a small stream of pre-cum leaving a wet trail from the table to the island. If this were ever to become a crime scene, it would be easy to trace whereIhad been!
Leaning on the granite, my face only a couple of feet from ground-zero, I watched as Holly's tongue flicked over and swirled around the head of Lana's fantastic clit.
Lana' was letting out soft contented mews at Holly's licking, but obviously wanting more, she reminded her, "Suck it, Holly! Take my fat little clit in your mouth and suck on it! Pull on it with your lips!"
I watched as Holly lowered her face, and keeping the tip of her tongue stuck against Lana's clit-head, she retracted her tongue and the miniature little dick followed it into her mouth.
Holly's cheeks hollowed and Lana let out a long, "Oh ... fuck ... yes! Oh, my God, Holly! Do that! Suck on it and tongue my stiff little clit! Oh, fuck, yes!"
I took my eyes off Lana's pussy, momentarily, and looked at her face. Her mouth hung partly open and she was taking deep breaths, and was apparently having trouble keeping her eyes open. She, no doubt, wanted to close them and get lost in the glorious sensations that my wife's sucking mouth was producing, but she apparently wanted to watch, too. Ah, the conflicts of the voyeur!
Suddenly, she appeared to notice me leaning there on the counter, and she said, "Pull my nipples Ted! Pinch them and pull on them while your wife sucks my clit!"
Without blocking Lana's view of my wife's face between her legs, I could only reach out to one tit at a time, but that seemed to satisfy Lana's directive.
I rolled, and pinched, and pulled one of her tiny stiff nipples for several moments, and then switched to the other. I gradually increased the tightness of my pinching, and the force of my pulling not wanting to tip the scale to where the pain/pleasure became just pain, but if her tits had such a breaking point, I didn't find it.
As I yanked on her nipples and my wife sucked on her clit, Lana began making a tiny squeal from deep in her throat. I think that both Holly and I realized it was probably the signal of Lana's impending orgasm, so we both picked up our paces.
As I began an almost jerking-off motion on Lana's tiny nipples, Holly began bobbing her head, giving Lana's engorged clit a miniature blow-job.
Lana's squeal quickly increased in volume and intensity, and when it turned to more of a growl, her body stiffened, her head went back, and her cunt exploded.
I heard the squish of Lana's pent-up juices escaping her pussy, and staring intently at my wife's face buried in Lana's spread cunt lips, I saw her chin and then her cheeks, and then most of her face become soaked with Lana's cum.
I released Lana's nipples, letting her focus her attention on her erupting cunt and Holly's face buried in it. As Holly switched from sucking Lana's clit to lapping up and down the full length of her slit and poking her tongue into her gushing cunt-hole, I backed away, returning to my spot, leaning against the table.
Lana was pumping out so much cum that it not only soaked my wife's face, but drenched her own thighs, ran down the crack of her ass, and was dripping onto the floor.
As I watched Holly lapping furiously at the deluge of pussy juice, my hands were locked onto the edge of the table, and I had every muscle in my body clenched to hold back the orgasm that desperately wanted to erupt from my twitching, drooling cock.
From the change in Lana's breathing and the squishing sounds coming from her cunt, I could tell that she was finally reaching the end of her long explosive orgasm, and I decided that it was time to let mine go.
"Hey, ladies," said from my spot, with my naked ass pressed against the edge of the table, "if you care to watch, my cock is about to explode with the gallon or so of cum that you two have built up in my balls!"
Holly lifted her face from Lana's pussy, looked over, and said, "Do it, baby! Let me see your fat dick blow a big hands-free load of cum!"
Lana didn't say anything, but she was looking, too, although with kind of out of a side-long glance and with squinted eyes. She apparently wanted to be able to snap her eyes closed and turn quickly away if the sight of my orgasm started to turn her stomach.
Still gripping the table, I spread my legs as far apart as I could, forcing my rigid cock front and center, and then I switched for clenching all of my muscles to making every one push.
The feeling of my long-built head of cum finally ripping its way up through my stiff cock and exploding out of my tiny pee hole was mind-blowing! The hands-free orgasm I'd had the other night while watching Holly and Sandy was fantastic, but this one went off the charts!
The first squirt went at least three feet (no exaggeration!) before hitting the floor. It was followed by half a dozen lesser and lesser squirts that eventually painted a trail of my hot cum across the floor and all the way back to the pre-cum puddle between my feet.
"Wow!" Holly said at the same time that Lana said, "Holy shit!"
We both looked at Lana with a little surprise, and as I gulped air, I said, "I'm glad you didn't turn away. Are you okay?"
"Yeah," she said. "I wouldn't have wanted to be in front of that, but it was actually kind of hot to watch from a distance."
***
Leaving the messes on the kitchen floor and island to clean up later, we all made our way to the big, multi-head walk-in shower. It had a big window that opened onto the backyard and the growth of lush jungle behind it. There was a curtain that could be pulled for privacy, but the exhibitionist in each of us had us quickly agree to leave it open.
Although the likelihood of there being anyone out there in the blackness to watch, the lights in the bathroom would have lit up our naked bodies like a drive-in movie screen. I, for one, found that thought to be pretty erotic. I suspect the two women did, too.
With each of us having just blown our inaugural orgasms, we used the shower to actually get clean, and to allow a bit of recharge-time. Which is not to say that we ignored each others nakedness, of course.
I was standing behind Lana, and with soapy hands I was washing her Champaign-glass tits, and lightly flicking her slightly-relaxed nipples.
My half-hard dick nestled between her wet ass cheeks as she reached around Holly, and washed her bigger tits and her puffy nipples.
At one point, as the water rained down on us, Holly turned to face the window, put her hands on the glass, and leaned into it. Lana then began to wash every inch of her gorgeous naked form with swirling soapy hands.
The thought of what that must have looked like from a vantage point outside in the darkness had my dick at full attention.
***
After drying one another off, I excused myself to go and use the other bathroom to get rid of the drinks I'd had at the restaurant.
When I returned—with my dick actually soft for a change—the two naked women were standing at the side of the bed, wearing suspicious little grins. I didn't know what might be going on, but it still caused my prick to twinge.
"Lana has something that she wants to ask you," Holly said.
Lana looked me in the eyes, and said, "Will you fuck me, Ted? Your awesome wife says it's okay with her."
My mouth dropped open, but eventually I managed to stammer, "Seriously?"
Both women nodded with big grins on their faces, and Holly said to Lana, "Tell the nice man what you want, sweetheart. Use your words."
Through that impish smile, Lana said, "I want you to fuck me, Ted! I want you to rub your fat cock-head through my little pussy lips, and then I want you to shove your hard dick all the way up my cunt-hole. I want to feel my pussy getting fucked by a real live cock for the first time in my life!"
As my dick quickly rose to the occasion, I said, "I would be more than honored to be your first, Lana! And don't worry, I'll go gently."
"Bullshit!" she replied. "My pussy's been well-broken-in with dildos. I want you to fuck the shit out of me to make up for lost time!" She then added, "Your wife says I won't be disappointed."
"Oh, great! No pressure!" I joked.
With one arm around Lana's naked body, Holly waved me over with her other hand. We went into a tight three-way hug with my boner in between their legs. Holly gave me a long, warm kiss, then turned to Lana, and gave her one, too. She then looked at me, and as she stepped back to watch, she said, "You may kiss the bride."
Although Lana and I had shared a couple of quick kisses already, when I took her naked body in my arms and held her close to me, our lip contact quickly rocketed to a fantastic new level. Our mouths opened, our tongues danced, and we sucked and bit each other's lips.
Holding her tightly, my stiff boner was bent downward and pressed against her mound, and she subtly rocked her hips, getting it to wedge into her spongy pussy-lips.
As we kissed, I ran my hands down her back, and took her glorious little ass cheeks in a tight grip. I pulled her even tighter against me, and rocked my own hips to hump her pussy with the top side of my hard cock.
While we were making out, Holly climbed onto the bed, and after watching us for a while, she reached out and pulled Lana backwards, toward her. Holly was sitting with her legs spread, and she guided Lana between them so that she was sitting on the edge of the bed. She reached around her, hooked her hands behind her knees, and lifted her legs back and apart, exposing that wonderful pussy to me.
Lana was snuggled against my wife's chest, and after Lana wiggled a little bit, probably enjoying the feeling Holly's tits against her back, she leaned her head back onto Holly's shoulder, and turned her face, and the two women shared a passionate kiss.
I stood there, slowly stroking my rigid dick, and when they finally broke the kiss, Holly said to Lana, "You ready?"
"Oh, yeah!" she replied, and they both turned to look at me.
"Looks like you're up, baby," Holly said.
I slowly dropped to my knees between Lana's spread legs, and as I went down, I said, "You mind if I taste you first?"
"Hell no!" Lana replied.
I looked at my wife, and said, "You're okay with it?"
She smiled, and answered, "I don't want you to make ahabitof eating strange pussies, but if you didn't eat this one I'd think you'd lost your mind."
I leaned down and ran my tongue all the way from the tiny little pucker of Lana's asshole up and along her closed pussy lips. The grinding she had given my cock with her mound had smeared her pussy juice along the soft lips, and it tasted wonderful. I easily recognized it as pussy-juice, of course, but it still tasted a bit different from Holly's.Vive la difference!as the French say!
I then reached up and gently pulled her pussy lips apart, exposing her fascinating mini-dick clit. I looked at it for a moment, and then lowered my mouth and gave its shiny head a kiss. I then stuck out my tongue, and rolled it over and around the protruding little nub.
I heard Lana suck in her breath, and glanced up to see her head back on Holly's shoulder, with her eyes closed and her mouth hanging half open. Holly was gently massaging Lana's small tits, and she gave me a big smile and a wink.
I closed my lips over Lana's engorged clit, flicked its head with my tongue, and gave it a long suck. I then moved my mouth farther down her pussy, wigging my tongue through the soft, wet folds of flesh, until I got to her cunt-hole.
I swirled my tongue around its delicate, smooth entrance, and then I pushed it as deep into the snug little hole as I could.
As I wiggled my tongue, hoping to stimulate an enjoyable feeling for Lana as much as to savor the nectar of the first "other" pussy I had tasted since Holly and I married, I felt two hands on the back of my head. I could tell from the sizes that one belonged to Lana, and the other to Holly.
Simultaneously, both hands pushed down, mashing my face hard into Lana's pussy. My nose spread her tight lips apart, and I was able to shove my tongue even deeper into her cunt-hole.
With my face forced tightly into Lana's hugging pussy (oh, what torture I had to endure!) I began poking my tongue in and out, fucking her snug little cunt-hole.
She let out a long, contented, "Mmmm," as I prodded the depths of her cunt, and she rewarded me with her hot pussy-lube juice. I sucked hard against her cunt-hole, pulling as much of the salty fluid over my taste buds as I could.
As I tongue-fucked and sucked on her pussy, I felt Lana's fingers go from pushing down to weaving into my still-wet hair. Suddenly, she grabbed a handful of my hair, and jerked my face up away from her cunt.
I looked up at her, and with a very serious face, she told me, "It's time to fuck, Ted! Get on your feet and shove your fat fucking cock up my virgin cunt hole!"
Lana was apparently channeling a bit Holly's aggressiveness, but I didn't mind being told what to do, at all. And I certainly didn't need to be told twice!
I stood up, leaned over, and gave Holly a wet, pussy-flavored kiss. I then gave Lana a long kiss, too. While Lana and I kissed, my stiff dick was rubbing over her wet mound, and she was making a pleasant mewing sound into my mouth.
When Lana and I separated our mouths, I stood up, took hold of my rigid cock, and gave it a few strokes to pump out a little (more!) pre-cum. I rubbed the slippery juice over my cock-head, and then guided my dick towards Lana's waiting cunt.
When my dick-head was a few inches from Lana's glistening pussy, Holly reached out, and brushed my hand away, wrapping her own fingers around my cock.
"Let me do the honors," she said with a big smile.
She tugged me forward until my cock-head was touching Lana's pussy lips, and then she rubbed the slick head along the wet slit. After a long, slow pass upward, and then back down again, she had my dick positioned at Lana's cunt-hole.
She pulled me a little farther forward, just poking the fat head of my cock into Lana's pussy entrance. Lana and I both let out a pleasant "Oh!" as her cunt-hole expanded and then swallowed my cock-head.
Holly stopped the penetration with only my dick-head inside Lana's pussy, and then wiggled it around a bit, before pushing on my cock to get it to withdraw from the snug little hole.
She then slid the slick head along Lana's pussy lips, again, before returning it to her cunt-hole, and repeating the head-only insertion.
She repeated that long taunt one more time before Lana reached up, took a fistful of Holly's hair, and growled, "Enough teasing, already! Make him shove that fat fucking dick up my pussy! I want to feel a real cock stretching my cunt for the first time!"
Holly smiled, bent her face down, and gave Lana a hot lip-biting kiss. "As you wish," she said between her teeth.
With my dick-head at Lana's pussy entrance again, Holly slid her hand all the way up my cock until she wrapped her fingers around my balls. She then pulled, moving me forward, spearing the head of my dick into Lana's wet pussy, and not stopping until she was mashing my fat testicles against Lana's tiny asshole.
With their lips still locked together Lana let out a long moan as my hard cock stretched and filled her cunt. At the same time, I sucked in a huge breath at the glorious feeling of finally having my dick inside something besides a hand for the first time since before I left on my trip.
Holly let go of my balls, and separating from Lana's lips, she looked up at me, and said, "Fuck her, baby! I want to watch your fat cock sliding in and out of that tight little cunt! Show our little tease what it feels like to be fucked by arealcock!"
Never in my wildest fantasy would I have imagined my beautiful wife hugging another beautiful, naked woman against her bare breasts, fondling that woman's tits, and telling me to fuck her cunt. But if this was a dream, I was sure as hell going to make the most of it until I woke up!
I began withdrawing my cock all the way out of Lana's pussy, and leaving the head kissed against her cunt-hole. I would then lean forward again, and drive it all the way back in. I repeated this slow, deep fucking several times, each time picking up my speed and force of my penetration just a little.
I looked to see both women watching intently as my glistening dick slid slowly in and out of Lana's tight pussy. Then, as Holly was squeezing and pulling on Lana's tiny little nipples, she said, "Fuck her hard, Ted! Shove your cock up that tight little virgin cunt hard and fast!"
I began rocking my hips more quickly, withdrawing only about half way, and then driving back in hard until my balls smacked Lana's pussy-juice wet ass.
The feeling of fucking the only other cunt I had ever shoved my dick into since I got married was fantastic, but the fact that my wife was watching me do it—and encouraging me!—was beyond belief!
As I fucked that wonderful little clamshell pussy, I watched my cock disappearing into Lana' silky cunt-hole, and was a bit surprised to see that the rest of her pussy-lips stayed almost closed, hiding all of the soft, wet, waves of flesh that I knew were concealed within. The contrast to fucking my wife's pussy, with its flower-petal labia, and even the bud of her clit fully exposed was erotically fascinating! And it gave me an idea.
As I continued to drive my dick into Lana's pussy, I said to Holly, "Hey, baby, why don't you crawl around here, and give our friend's fat clit a mini blow-job while I fuck her cunt-hole? You I think she might like that?"
My reply was to see my wife quickly wiggle out from under Lana and in a matter of seconds, spin around next to her on her knees. Left without a pair of soft, warm tits to cradle her, Lana propped herself up on her elbows to watch.
As Holly leaned in to bring her face over Lana's pussy, I had to straighten up and pull my dick most of the way out of Lana's cunt to give her room.
Holly reached in and managed to get Lana's pussy lips separated with the fingers and thumb of one hand, and quickly had her lips closed over Lana's marvelous little cock-like clit. As she sucked and tongued its head, Lana pulled in a deep breath.
While I watched my wife's cheeks hollow, and her head bounce up and down in tiny blow-job bobs, and I began fucking Lana's cunt, again.
The way that I had to stand to give Holly enough room, I couldn't do a full-depth penetration anymore, so I began shallow-but-fast strokes. Since it was the first couple inches of my cock, and of Lana's cunt that were the most sensitive, anyway, that worked out perfectly for both of us.
As I fucked Lana's cunt as fast as my hips would rock, Holly sucked and tongued her swollen clit, and Lana let her arms go, flopping back on the bed with her eyes closed and taking huge breaths through her open mouth.
She reached up, mashed her fingers into her own tits, and then began pulling almost viciously on her little nipples.
"Holy fucking hell!" she yelled as her body stiffened, and her tight little pussy gushed so hard that her hot cum sprayed out around my driving cock, soaking my legs.
Her cunt-hole tightened around my cock as she came, which only encouraged me to fuck the gushing little hole even harder.
After fifteen or twenty seconds of gushing cum all over my cock and Holly's face, Lana's pussy apparently reached its limit, and she pushed both of us away.
She lay there panting, and managed to get out, "Holly shit! You guys are fucking awesome!"
Holly tuned in her spot on the bed and gave Lana a big pussy-flavored kiss while I climbed up to join them. I quickly had my face in the mix, and we all shared a hot three-way kiss.
As we swapped Lana's cunt juice with our mouths, Lana slid her hand up my inner thigh, gently cradled my balls for a moment, and then wrapped her fingers around my stiff pecker. As she slid her little hand up and down its slippery length, I had to smile at how much she had gotten over her complete aversion to cock.
Holly noticed Lana's hand sliding up and down my cock, and she said, "My turn with that thing!"
Lana lifted it up, and Holly leaned across her and took my fat cock-head between her lips. As she sucked and swirled her tongue over the sensitive flesh, Lana began jerking me off.
It was a fantastic combined feeling, but it didn't last long. Holly pulled her mouth from my dick, and said to Lana, "Scoot up on the bed more; I want to get in a 69 with you."
As Lana wiggled her naked body farther onto the bed, Holly said to me, "And while little tease, here, eats my cunt, I want you to fuck me up the ass!"
"Seriously?" I stammered.
With a huge smile at my reaction, Holly said, "Yes, seriously! Sandy showed me the secret of how she got her ass ready to take Joe's cock, and now I want to feelyourmonster upmyass."
"No argument here!" I said, "But what was her secret?"
"Using a butt-plug in the shower, every morning," Holly answered as she swung her leg over Lana's head. "It's gotten so it's one of my favorite morning rituals!"
As I crawled around behind my wife's naked, upturned ass, she said to Lana, "You okay with this, little tease? Are you going to be able to suck on my cunt with a stiff cock fucking my ass just an inch away?"
"Fuck yes!" she answered, and lifted her head to clamp her mouth over Holly's flower-petal pussy lips. As she sucked and lapped at her cunt, I lowered my head, pushed my face between my wife's beautiful ass cheeks, and drove my tongue as deep into her tight little asshole as I could get it.
Holly let out a contented, "Oh, yeah!" at the double attack on both of her holes, and after a very short while, she said, "Okay, Ted, shove your cock up my cunt to get it wet! Lana, guide it in, will you?"
Lana dropped her face from Holly's pussy, and reached around to take my cock in her hand. With her face not more than two inches away, she lined my dick-head up on Holly's cunt-hole, and then watched as I leaned forward and sunk the entire length of rock-hard cock up Holly's cunt.
I pressed my hips against Holly's ass and rocked a little to wiggled my dick around deep inside her tight hole. With her face buried in Lana's pussy, she moaned, "Oh, fuck, yeah! God, that feels good!"
It suddenly occurred to me that this was the first live cock she had had up her cunt since before I left on this trip.
I slid my cock from the depths of her cunt, leaving just the head inside, and then pushed all the way in, again.
As I withdrew the second time, Holly reached back and pushed on my leg.
"Now my ass, baby!" she said. "Shove your fat cock up my ass, and let Lana take care of my cunt!"
I pulled my dick—now slick with cunt juice—from Holly's pussy, and I leaned down to tongue her asshole one more time, and to leave a little pool of spit behind.
I straightened up, and guided my rigid boner to my wife's tiny asshole. I pushed the fat, spongy head of my cock against the tight little sphincter, thinking how impossibly small it looked. But as I pushed, and my cock-head deformed into a little point, Holly's wrinkled butt hole expanded, and accepted the invasion.
Previous times when we had tried anal, Holly had always clenched her butt muscles, nervously anticipating the pain of being stretched. Apparently, after using the "Sandy-method" for a while, she was able to relax in anticipation of thepleasureof being stretched.
I pushed forward slowly, not wanting to hurt Holly, but also wanting to savor the glorious feeling of her tiny little asshole hugging tightly to my cock head. When it finally slipped inside and closed around my fire-helmet, I stopped, and let out an involuntary, "Oh, my God!"
"You like that, baby?" Holly said from her place at Lana's pussy. "You like having your fat cock stuck in my tight little asshole?"
"Fuck yes!" I answered. "Are you okay? You want me to keep going?"
"Poke it in and out a few times!" she told me. "I love the feeling of your cock-head popping inside me. It's even better that Sandy's butt plug!"
With deliberate and glorious slowness, I pulled my dick-head from Holly's ass, and pushed it back in four or five times, and each time felt as fantastic as the first, and each time milked a little more pre-cum, which added to the lubrication of the tight little hole.
Neither one of us could see it, but apparently Lana was shirking her duties, and Holly "scolded" her for it. "Hey, little tease! Don't get so distracted watching that fat cock getting poked into my ass that you forget you're supposed to be sucking on my cunt!"
"Sorry, ma'am," Lana laughed. "I never thought seeing a big cock stretch out a tiny little asshole would be so hot!"
"I never though it couldfeelso hot!" Holly replied. "It's like being a virgin, again!" Then she said to me, "Shove that thing up my ass, now, Ted! I want to feel your whole big fat, flesh-and-blood cock stretching me open and stuffed all the way up my ass!"
As Lana clamped her mouth over my wife's cunt, I leaned forward and slowly pushed inch after inch of my rock-hard cock into the depths of Holly's gloriously tight ass.
When I finally made it all the way in, and my hips were pressed against Holly's naked ass-cheeks, my balls were brushing against Lana's forehead. She reached around, and gently massaged them as she hungrily lapped at my wife's pussy.
"Oh, fuck!" Holy moaned between Lana's legs. "I have never felt so stuffed full of cock in my life! Now I know why Sandy likes getting fucked up the ass, so much! The stretch of my butt-hole feels fucking awesome!"
"Feels fucking awesome for me, too, baby!" I said. "God, I love you!"
"Fuck me, baby!" Holly commanded. "Fuck me up the ass while our cute little friend eats my cunt! I want your fat cock in my ass to make my pussy explode in Lana's pretty face!"
I began with long, slow strokes, watching in fascination as my sliding cock made Holly's constricting sphincter roll out and then roll back in as it gripped my dick tightly.
As I picked up my rhythm, the strokes got shorter, but I interspersed them with the occasional full-depth thrust, and then a complete removal so that I could spear the head of my cock back into Holly's tight little pucker.
I could tell from Holly's moans, breathing, and body language that she was getting ready to cum, and apparently Lana picked up on the cues, too. I picked up the pace of fucking her ass, and Lana had her face mashed hard against her pussy, shaking it back and forth, probably with her nose stuck into Holly's cunt-hole, and her tongue grinding against her clit.
It didn't take too much of that double assault to push Holly over the edge, and with a loud, "Oh, fuck, yes!" her body tensed and her cunt erupted in Lana's face.
The feeling on my cock as I continued to fuck her ass was beyond anything I could have imagined! I could feel her cunt muscles contracting and spasming with her orgasm, which seemed to make her ass muscles contract, too, gripping my cock even harder.
As her orgasm finally began to subside, she reached back, and pushed on my leg. "Take it out, baby! Don't cum in me! Don't cum, yet!"
I thought that maybe the pain/pleasure balance of having her asshole stretched was tipping more toward pain after her orgasm, but that was apparently not why she wanted my cock out of her ass.
As Holly rolled off of Lana, she went on, "I want you to fuck Lana while I eat her pussy! I want you to fill her cunt with your cum so I can suck it out and taste both of you together!"
Thirty seconds of Chinese-fire-drill scrambling had us all repositioned with Lana on top in a 69 with Holly, and me right behind Lana's cute little ass, wiping off my stiff dick with the strategically placed tissues from the nightstand.
Holly wiggled around a bit to get herself in the perfect pussy-eating position, and then after a long lick through Lana's sopping wet pussy lips, she said, "Fuck her, Ted! Shove your cock up this cute little Polynesian pussy, and fuck her until you fill her cunt with your hot cum!"
I leaned forward, and Holly used her mouth to guide my cock-head to Lana's cunt-hole. Compared to the tight little asshole I had just been fucking, my dick entered Lana's pussy with ease, but it still felt glorious!
Holly pressed her tongue against the underside of my cock, licking every inch of it until it was buried, full depth, into Lana's cunt.
Once my dick was balls-deep in Lana's pussy, and my hips were pressed against her cute, round ass-cheeks, Holly squashed her face into those wonderful clamshell pussy lips, and mumbled from within, "Fuck her, baby! Fuck her cunt!"
I held onto Lana's narrow hips, and I started fucking her with long, slow strokes. As I picked up the pace my strokes shortened, but Lana seemed to like that better. With her face between my wife's legs, she was tenderly kissing and licking Holly's pussy, which was undoubtedly still sensitive from its recent eruption, but she raised her mouth enough to moan, "Oh, you two are fucking awesome! My cunt has never felt so good in all my life! You guys are going to make me cum again!"
Encouraged (like we needed any!) Holly and I both increased our efforts. I began rocking my hips as fast as I could, pistoning my cock in and out of Lana's tight cunt, while Holly rocked and mashed her face into her pussy lips, dragging her tongue from her fat clit to that stretched cunt-hole.
It didn't take long before I could feel Lana's cunt begin to constrict even more, and I knew she was getting ready to cum around my cock.
That glorious feeling brought the orgasm I had been holding back to a point that I couldn't have stopped it if I'd wanted to.
Holly could tell that both of us were on the edge, and she disengaged her mouth from Lana's pussy just enough to tell me, "Fuck her deep, baby! Jam your whole fat cock up that little cunt-hole and make it cum! Blow your hot fucking cum deep in her cunt so I can suck it all out!"
Ten seconds later, with my dick stuffed balls-deep in Lana's cunt, she began to cum. The constrictions of her cunt muscles almost seemed to be milking my cock, and I just held still and felt my cum rip up through my dick.
It was almost like one of my hands-free orgasms, but even better! With my cock-head buried deep in Lana's cunt, my cum had to force its way out through my constricted pee-hole, and the built up pressure inside my dick felt fantastic when it finally let go.
I growled as I pumped three shots of cum deep in Lana's pussy while my wife was lapping at Lana's juices as they gushed around the sides of my buried dick.
As I slowly withdrew, Holly said, "Finish jerking it off right against her pussy, baby!"
I backed all the way out, and then leaned in until my cock-head was pressed against Lana's now-sloppy pussy lips. I wrapped my hand around my dick, and began jerking off.
I let my fist slide all the way forward with each stroke, mashing into Lana's pussy as I had done with Holly, and she seemed to like it, too. Encouraged by her moans, I began slapping into her pussy-lips harder and faster, and she kept cumming, pushing out the thick cum my cock had left behind, along with her own juices.
Holly lifted her head, and clamped her mouth against Lana's pussy and my cock-head, lapping and sucking the combined juices that were slobbering all over the place.
As I kept cunt-slapping Lana's pussy while I jerked off, Holly pushed her face into the juicy lips, and was getting face-slapped at the same time, and seemed to love it.
Pounding my fist up and down my slippery cock, and slapping it against Lana's wet cunt and my wife's lapping mouth, it didn't take long for my secondary cum-shot to build.
As I pumped the last squirts of jism from my balls and pulled my quickly-sensitized head away from the two sets of wet lips, Holly moved her head up, and covered Lana's cum-drenched cunt with her mouth.
I flopped over onto my back, and while I panted to catch my breath I watched my wife lapping and sucking at Lana's pussy to get every drop of cum that she and I had just produced.
***
Half an hour later, we were stepping out of the shower, again. While we had all thoroughly washed each other's naked bodies, it was more of a relaxing, soapy rubdown than erotic foreplay.
We dried each other, and then the two women wrapped their sarongs low around their waists and I wrapped a towel around mine, and we headed out the front door to go and walk the beach. Cleaning up the messes in the kitchen could wait.
As we walked alone on the sandy shore, the bright three-quarter moon gave plenty of light for me to be able to appreciate the two topless beauties that were in my company.
"So, back at the restaurant," I said to Lana as she and Holly walked in the lapping surf, hand in hand, "you said you'd tell me later what you had told your parents about us. I think this qualifies as later."
"Everything," she answered simply.
"What do you mean,everything?" Holly said.
"About Ted's Holly-cam, about jerking off with him while we watched you and Sandy, about fingering my pussy just for you, and about jerking Ted off in the car while you watched on the phone," she answered as matter-of-factly as if she was reading a grocery list. "They thought it was frigging hot!"
"You're shitting us, right?" I said.
"Nope," she replied with that impish grin of hers lit up by the moonlight.
"You need to explain, young lady!" Holly said in a mock stern voice.
As we walked along, Lana told us, "I introduce Kanoa and Kalani as my mom and dad, but they're actually my aunt and uncle. And technically, not even that, because I was adopted. They took me in and raised me after my adoptive parents were killed in a car crash when I was four."
"I'm so sorry to hear that, Lana," Holly said.
"Thanks," she replied. "I was so young that I barely remember them. I really do consider Kanoa and Kalani to be my parents."
"You must obviously be ...very closewith your parents if you share those kinds of stories with them," I commented.
Lana chuckled and said, "They're very open, sexually, but it's nothing incestuous, if that's what you're thinking."
"Sorry," I said. That was exactly what I was thinking.
"No problem. I get how you'd think that," she said. "Just wait 'til I tell you the rest!"
"When I came out to my mom that I was a lesbian," Lana went on, "she wasn't the least bit shocked or judgmental, and she told me that she was bisexual, herself, which I'd never have guessed. I said, 'Does Dad know?' She laughed, and said that he was, too. She then went on to explain that they were both into swapping, and even belonged to a bisexual swinger's club."
"Wow!" I said. "Thatissexually open."
"Yeah," Lana said. "So much so that the last Thursday of every month they close the restaurant and host their club meeting there. Unfortunately for you guys, that's not until next week, and you'll be gone. Otherwise, I'd get my mom and dad to invite you as guests."
"Probably just as well," I said. "I'm not bisexual."
Holly laughed, and said, "Neither was I a week ago."
"Hell,Iwasn'tthis morning!" Lana added with a chuckle. "But you don't have to be bi to be in their club. They have plenty of hetero swappers."
"Are you a club member?" Holly asked Lana.
"When I was in college, I worked at the restaurant, nights and weekends, and I tended bar at the club meetings a couple of times," she answered. "I was in a relationship with a pretty straight-laced girl at the time, so I didn't join in on any of the activities. It was damned hot to watch, though, and it made for some really hot sex with my girlfriend when I got home."
***
The rest of the week was awesome! Lana showed us around the island by day, taking us to all those great spots that only the locals know. One of which was a private nude beach. This fair-skinned boy had never used so much sunscreen in his life!
Evenings were spent having sex. Sometimes it was gentle love-making, and other nights it was hot and rough. Lana and I even tied Holly to the bed one night, spread-eagled and blindfolded, and "had our way with her." She loved it!
Thursday night, I let the voyeur in me take over, and I left the two women alone and went outside to watch them through various windows.
I started by pulling my dick out through my fly and stroking it while I watched Lana and Holly making out in the living room. With teasing slowness, they eventually had each other naked and when they left the room, I followed outside and saw them climb into the shower with its wide-open window. My pants were around my ankles and I was jerking off pretty good as I watched Holly bend way over, and Lana poke her butt plug up her ass as the water rained down on both of them.
Outside the bedroom window I ripped off all of my own clothes as I watched them climb into a 69, and hungrily lap, suck, and finger one another's pussies.
Buck naked in the cool night air, I beat my cock furiously, finally blowing a huge load of cum across the side of the house while I watched Lana take up a sitting position and fuck herself to orgasm by grinding her snug little pussy across my wife's lovely face while Holly repeatedly jammed most of her fingers up her own cunt-hole.
***
Friday morning I was on the back patio—orlanai, in local-speak—watching the sunrise and sipping a cup of coffee. I was naked, and enjoying the cool morning air. Along with being a voyeur and an exhibitionist, I think I was becoming a nudist, as well.
About an hour later, Lana and Holly came out to join me. They were both gloriously naked, as well.
"So, I got a call from my boss, this morning," I said as they sat down. "It seems that the clients who toured our plant after we left were so impressed with what we'd done that they want us to meet with a couple of their teams to discuss strategies for other sites.
"They can't get everyone together until next Saturday, though," I went on, "so it looks like our little vacation has been extended for a week."
"Oh, that's fantastic!" Holly said. "I was dreading having to leave tomorrow."
That big impish grin spread across Lana's pretty face, and she said, "That means you'll be here next Thursday and you can make it to the club meeting!"
"Looks like," I said as my naked dick began to grow.
(To be continued? You tell me.)

Please share your thoughts, and let me know where you'd like me to take this story, if anywhere.
Should I let Holly, Lana, and Ted fade to black and move on to something else?
Do you want to see what happens at the swinger's club?
Should Ted explore life on the bisexual side?

Please leave a comment, and let me know what you think!

Thank you!

Love,
Casey