This is a work of fiction. None of the characters or events are real.
My wife, Diane and I had been living in the Washington DC area for our entire married life together. Anyone who has been in the area knows in general the weather sucks -- hot and humid in the summer, cold in the winter -- and it has lots and lots of traffic. Diane was an executive at a medium sized company which was bought out by a much larger company. She was given a nice package and decided to retire early. Our two children had left the house so it was just Diane and me. I own a small consulting company and can work anywhere so long as I have internet and an international airport within a reasonable distance.
After enduring another winter of cold, shoveling snow and scrapping ice, we decided to head south to Florida, the sunshine state. We were able to find a great house with a pool, jacuzzi, great view of the ocean and a dock. It was at the tip of a peninsula which meant that while we were in an established neighborhood and close to everything, we had no neighbors immediately next to us. With the way the house was situated and the numerous tropical plants, our patio and pool area was our own very private oasis. The first 18 months after we moved Diane busied herself with remodeling the house to get the place the way we wanted and settling in.
When we first moved-in we didn't know anyone but were fortunate that we became good friends with our neighbors, Steve and Amanda. Like us, Steve and Amanda were empty nesters who had moved into the neighborhood just a few months before us. Steve was in sales for a software company and Amanda had sold her small boutique clothing store before they moved.
At this point I suppose I should describe everyone. Diane at 55 is a stunning woman. She is tall 5'10" with long brunette hair with a touch of blonde highlights from the sun. She is slim and works out regularly to keep in shape. Her legs seem to go on forever and she enjoys showing them off. She has dark brown eyes that can be both sexy and playful at the same time. When we were first married her breasts were medium sized about a 34C. After 2 children her breasts got larger and she is now about a 36D. They are still remarkably firm. She has a slim waist and a spectacular ass. She moves gracefully and with a raw sensuality. I could watch her walk for hours. Where ever we go I see men and even women look at her as she walks by. She always dresses stylishly. She is the type of person that can be equally at home at a black-tie formal affair or on a boat reeling in a fish. Since moving to Florida she has maintained a deep golden tan. Me, I'm Don, 57 and 6'3" with brown hair with some grey and brown eyes. I'm not as dedicated to working out as Diane but I'm in reasonably good shape.
Steve and Amanda are originally from Texas and about our age. She is about 5"7" with short blonde hair and blue eyes. The best description of her is perky. She has perky breasts about a 36 B or C. She has a cute butt and seems to have an unlimited amount of energy and talks non-stop. Steve claims he is 6' but I think 5'10" is more realistic. He is built a bit like a fireplug. Stocky but not overweight. He has sandy hair with some grey starting to show.
Diane had been accustomed to always being busy. When she was working her schedule was always full and any personal time was filled with the kids' activities or things to do around the house etc. So after the initial period of activity to get the remodeling done and settled in, she found herself with lots of free time. Amanda was the same as Diane. She was used to working non-stop to keep her business going. Steve and I are still working so for us it was still weekends and vacations that we could travel or do something. Steve spends a lot of time traveling for his job so Amanda spends a lot of time at our place with Diane. Diane and Amanda shopped, took up yoga and started helping out with the local humane society but they still had time to fill. In short, Diane and Amanda were bored.
Amanda saw some classes at the local community college she thought would be fun. She and Diane decided to sign up for a dance class. After Diane's first dance class, I asked how it was. She said "It's going to be a lot of fun. Amanda and I were the oldest ones there. The class is a bunch of college age girls, even the instructor is barely out of college." I looked up from what I was doing and saw Diane dressed in pink yoga pants and a white top. Her outfit hugged every curve. I seriously doubted that any of the others looked as good.
"So, what kind of dances are you going to do?" I asked.
"We are going to do some modern dance, some salsa, kizomba and maybe some others depending on how well it goes. We have a couple of shows at the end of the semester." I had never heard of Kizomba so I asked.
"The instructor said it has Portuguese and African origins. It has a lot of hip action which I think you will enjoy, "she said with a smirk.
"Oh, now I'm looking forward to the show," I said.
"I bet, you just want to watch the young coeds."
"That would be nice but I really want to see you shake that ass."
The dance classes were Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. Diane and Amanda started practicing on Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoons at our house. They used the patio by the pool since it had enough room and they could use the sound system we had for the pool area. Fortunately for me my office had a great view of the patio and pool area. I could watch as they practiced their moves. In the first 2 weeks we got into a routine. The girls would practice for a couple of hours then change into their bikinis and take a swim. I would join them in the pool and we would have drinks. If Steve was in town he would come over and join us. I certainly enjoyed seeing Diane and Amanda in their bikinis even though the bikinis were rather conservative.
The third week brought a change to the routine. Diane had mentioned to some of the girls in the class about their practice sessions and 2 of the coeds joined them to practice. Their names were Pam and Jackie. Pam had auburn hair and green eyes. Jackie was Cuban American and had dark almost black hair and brown eyes. Both were about 5'5-5'6" and had dancers' bodies -- lean with small breasts. Diane had told them to bring their suits so after the dance practice they joined Diane and Amanda in the pool. I joined them shortly after. To say their suits were small would be an understatement. The tops had two tiny triangles of material that just covered their nipples. Their bottoms were nothing more than a string that widened slightly to cover their pussy. They were about as close to being naked as possible without getting arrested. Steve joined us and I have to admit that he and I found it hard to keep our eyes off the girls.
After Pam and Jackie left our wives gave us grief for "ogling" the coeds. Steve being much bolder than me simply said "Maybe if you would wear a bikini like the ones that Pam and Jackie had then we could just ogle you." Amanda said "Yeah, I bet you would like that." And we both replied "YES!!!" That got me a look and punch in the arm.
The next day Diane and Amanda were talking about the prior day. "Can you believe Steve and Don? Looking at Pam and Jackie?" Diane said.
"Well there certainly was a lot to look at", said Amanda, "their suits were pretty skimpy."
"Skimpy? They were practically non-existent. I can't believe the guys wanted us to wear something like that at our age."
"What do you mean at our age? We're not dead yet and I think we could show those coeds up any day."
"I just can't see myself in something like that."
"Why not? We haven't been working on keeping our bodies in shape just to hide them."
"Maybe you"
"What do you mean? You have got a great body, if you got it, you should flaunt it. Our suits are kind of frumpy, I think we should go on a shopping trip and get something sexier"
That night Diane brought it up saying "So, you really liked looking at Pam and Jackie."
I immediately froze, this seemed like the classic no-win situation. I decided on honesty and said "I'm still a guy and like looking at attractive women, Pam and Jackie are attractive. But I would much rather look at you -- among other things."
"So you would want me to parade around in a skimpy bikini?"
Again, I figured honesty was the best approach, "You bet. I'd like to see you in a small bikini, or nothing at all. Hell, you would look good in a burlap sack."
"Amanda, thinks we should go shopping for something sexier."
"You should do it."
"I do need to get somethings -- maybe."
Wednesday came and the girls had their practice session. Afterwards it was pool time. Pam and Jackie had different suits than the last time but still just as small. I noticed that Amanda and Diane wore their most daring bikinis but they were still rather conservative. Steve and I joined the party. I made drinks for everyone and fired up the grill for dinner. Pam and Jackie stayed and we had a good time enjoying some drinks and burgers. Steve and I tried not to be too obvious but when you have two good looking coeds practically naked sitting next to you it was hard not to look and certain other parts were getting hard. After Pam and Jackie said their good byes, Amanda started laughing, "Boy you guys just can't control yourselves." Steve immediately played innocent saying "What do you mean?" "Please you were practically drooling" Amanda said." Diane came to Steve's rescue and changed the subject, sort of, "Amanda, I think we should do some shopping tomorrow before class and make these guys pay, literally." "Great idea" Amanda replied.
Diane came home from her shopping expedition with a lot of bags, and I mean a lot. I started snooping and asking what she got. She playfully slapped my hand saying "You will get to see but you will have to wait. By the way, we saw that a new restaurant going in down on Coral. It looks good and they going to have a dance floor." My first thought was that was where all the very pricy shops are, but I decided to only express my second thought "We will have to try it when it opens." "My thoughts exactly", she said, "and yes I spent a lot but I think you will like it." It's a bit scary, how well she knows.
The next day was their dance practice session and as usual the girls ended up in the pool. When I joined them I was pleasantly surprised. Diane had on a stunning yellow bikini. It wasn't as small as Pam and Jackie's but it was much smaller than anything she usually wears. It was two triangles covering her breasts but showing a good bit of the sides of her breasts and connected with a string showing her cleavage. It was tied around her back and neck like a halter. The bottoms showed about half of her butt cheeks and was tied at the waist. Amanda's was a red bikini with a tube top and bottoms that were cut high to make her legs look longer. I asked Diane if that was one of her new purchases and she said "yes, do you like?" "Absolutely, can't wait to see what else you bought." I said
The following weeks went by quickly. Steve and I enjoyed the new sexier swim wear our wives had bought and still liked having Pam and Jackie around. Finally, the semester was coming to an end. The class had two shows in the final week, one on Friday and one on Saturday. Diane suggested that we invite the class over to our place after the Saturday show for a party. I thought that was a great idea. Since the show was late afternoon, we decided to have a local barbeque place cater it and tell people to bring their suits so they could enjoy the pool.
On the Friday of the show Amanda and Diane went together since they needed to be there early and Steve and I went later to watch the show. The show went well, both Amanda and Diane are good dancers and most of the other girls danced well. The last dance routine was the kizomba dance. All the dancers wore skin tight white jeans and a red halter top. With the top it was impossible for them to wear a bra. For most of the dance they faced away from the audience since the movement of the hips is the main point of the dance. It was very sexy seeing all their hips moving to the rhythm.
Since that was the last dance all of the women came out, locked arms and took a bow. When they stood up from the bow Diane's top must have come undone because when she stood up her top remained down at her waist. There was my beautiful wife standing on stage completely topless. The applause became much loader and a number of people were taking pictures. I just stood there with my mouth open. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Diane seemed totally oblivious to what happened. The women then took another bow and again Diane stood back up with her bare breasts exposed to everyone. The applause grew even loader. Steve simply said "oh shit" and then quickly took some pictures. About that time Diane realized she was topless and quickly pulled her top up and re-tied it. Her face was as red as her top. The dancers then walked off the stage to the right. Steve just looked at me with a shit eating grin on his face and said "Best, Show Ever." I must admit I had to agree.
We went backstage to pick up Amanda and Diane. A lot of the women were around Diane and were being very supportive. When she saw me she said "I can't believe that happened, I'm so embarrassed and buried her head in my shoulder." I told her "Those things happen, there is nothing to be embarrassed about." Of course Steve had to chime in with "It was the best part of the show." Amanda quickly smacked him in the shoulder. Diane looked at him and for the first time realized that Steve, had seen her topless. She turned another shade of red. I tried to change the subject and remarked about how they got a huge amount of applause. Diane looked at me and said "Sure all I had to do is show my tits." "Well", I said, "I have to admit that having a smoking hot women show her incredible tits certainly is something that should get a lot of applause." Diane simply picked up her stuff and said "Lets go"
On the drive home Diane was still embarrassed. "I don't know how I'm going to be able to show my face again."
"You have nothing to be embarrassed about. So what if you were topless. You have a great body that most women would kill for."
"So you don't mind that half the neighborhood just saw me?"
"The neighborhood already knows you are incredibly beautiful. All the men are envious that I get to go home with you. When you danced you were poised and sexy. When you had your wardrobe malfunction you still showed such grace and confidence. You were incredible"
Diane didn't say anything more but seemed to be lost in her thoughts. When we got home she went up to our bedroom and started undressing. I followed her and when she removed her top I put my arms around her and started to kiss and caress her. She responded by kissing me passionately and soon our clothes were on the floor. I reached down and felt that she was already wet. I pushed deep into her waiting pussy. I started to thrust in and out while talking about her being exposed to everyone on stage. It was clear that her exposure while initially embarrassing had aroused her. She and I quickly came and we had one of our most powerful orgasms.
As we lay in bed together, she remarked "So having everyone see my tits really got you excited."
"Yes, and it looks like it got you excited as well."
"I have to admit that having all those people looking at me and then the applause was very exciting, I think I could have had an orgasm backstage if I had let myself."
The next day Amanda came over and talked with Diane. I don't know what she said but afterwards Diane was in a very good mood. That afternoon was their final show. Amanda and Diane went ahead and Steve and I followed later. Steve said "Amanda said there was a surprise at the end of the show and that we should be sure to get a video and pictures." "Did she say what the surprise was?" I asked. "No, she wouldn't tell me, just that we would really like it."
Steve and I watched the show which was basically a repeat of the prior night's show. As before the last dance was the kizumbo. The women performed the dance wearing the same tight white jeans and red halter tops. Steve was videoing and I was taking pictures. The dance ended and the women took a bow. They stayed bowed down longer than usual and when they stood up we were shocked. All of the women were topless. They had untied their tops when they bowed down. Once again there was my beautiful wife standing in front of the audience with her breasts completely bare. So was Amanda and all the other women. After an initial hush, the audience erupted into standing ovation. Steve continued to video and I took as many pictures as I could. The women took two more bows topless and then walked off the stage.
Someone then started yelling "encore" and soon the whole audience was chanting for an encore. After a minute the women came back out still topless and then the music started. They repeated their last dance topless. I watched as my wife, our neighbor and all the women danced with their breasts bare and bouncing for all to see. Steve videoed the dance and I took probably 200 pictures. At the end of the dance the women took at final bow and left the stage. Steve and I quickly went backstage to our wives.
We found Diane and Amanda talking with some of the women -- still topless. I walked up to Diane and she gave me a big hug saying "Wasn't that great? After I lost my top yesterday all the women decided we should all lose our tops to make me feel better." All I could say was "wow that was unexpected" She and Amanda continued to talk excitedly with the other women. While I enjoyed the sight and wanted to stay, I knew we needed to get home since the after show party was at our house. I said we should go. Diane and Amanda said their good byes and started walking out with Steve and I -- still topless. They seemed so excited and engrossed in their conversation that they had forgotten that they were still topless.
When we got to the side door I stopped them.
Diane looked at me a said "What?"
I said "Aren't you forgetting something"
"I don't think so I have my bag" she said. Then very obviously I looked down at her breasts and she said "Oops. I guess we better cover up."
I told her "As much as I am enjoying the view I don't want to have to bail you out of jail".
Amanda and Diane then fixed their tops and we headed home. I couldn't believe it. Just yesterday Diane had been mortified that people had seen her topless and one day later she intentionally showed her tits to an entire audience, danced topless and was so comfortable that she almost walked out into the busy downtown with her breasts completely bare.
When we got home the caterers were already setup and the BBQ smelled great. Since it was a pool party we all went and changed into our bathing suits. Amanda and Diane came out wearing the smallest bikinis we had seen yet. They were not quite a thong but very close.
Soon after people started showing up. Pam and Jackie were among the first to show up. The rest of the women showed up and some of which brought their spouses and boyfriends. We had also invited some of our other neighbors and they showed up as well. Everyone got drinks and food and we had some good music playing in the background. A major topic was the topless finale of the show. Soon a lot of the people were in the pool. We were in the pool when we see Pam and Jackie are topless. Pam then yelled load enough for everyone to hear "We have declared the pool a top free zone." With that announcement a number of the other women the pool whipped off their tops.
Steve looked at me and said "You really know how to throw a great party"
I looked at Diane and said "Diane deserves all the credit, she started it."
Just then Pam and Jackie came up to us. Pam looked at Diane and Amanda and said "Didn't you hear this is a top free zone". Diane looked at Amanda and then unhooked her top throwing it to the side of the pool saying "What the hell." Amanda did the same a few seconds later. So there was Diane, my wife, and Amanda, our good friend and neighbor standing topless in on our back patio in front of me, Steve and a number of our friends and neighbors as well as spouses and boyfriends of the other dancers. I was shocked and getting very turned on.
Over the next few hours Diane walked around talking with people and didn't once try to cover up.
At one point she was talking with our neighbors, Bill and Samantha (Sam). Bill and Sam are in their 50s and were in their bathing suits. Sam is much shorter than Diane and has short brown hair. Even though she was wearing a modest one-piece bathing suit it was obvious she was quite large up top. I walked up and could hear Sam talking about how brave Diane was and said "I wish I had your courage; I hate wearing this suit it really gets uncomfortable with as large as I am." At that point Bill looked at his wife and said "Why don't you join the others and show off your best asset." Diane chimed in and said "Do what makes you comfortable, you have nothing to be ashamed of, we are all friends here." Sam looked at her husband and said "Well, if you are ok with it, then..." She then pulled off the straps and rolled her suit down to her waist. Her ponderous breasts sprung into view. Diane, Bill and I all gave her a cheer. She looked uneasy but had a smile. Her husband Bill had an even bigger smile.
By the end of the party nearly all of the women were topless. As the party wound down and our guest began to leave they would all come over to say their good byes. Diane, still topless, and I would give each of them a hug. Some of the women were unable to find their tops and left without them. Steve, Amanda, Pam and Jackie stayed until the end to help us cleanup a bit. The women remained topless until they left.
I looked at my beautiful wife and took her into my arms. I said "That was the sexiest thing I have ever seen." With that I took her to our room and removed her tiny thong. We made love until the early morning.
The End