"I'm curious."
Eric Crowe leaned on the door threshold of Margo Needy's bedroom. She was changing her bed sheets for the seventh time this week. With the boys sex drives her bedding was ruined nearly every day. Not that she complained but doing laundry so often was getting tiresome. Maybe she needed a maid. Naaa! Too expensive.
"Curious about what?" She tightens her fitted sheet bending over in front of him in the nude. She had showered earlier, while her bedding was in the dryer and just never bothered getting dressed. Even if she had it was likely she would be naked all over again in under an hour. Between the boys sexual appetite and Heath Talbot's expectations of late becoming more and more demanding. He preferred her nude 24/7 but that would not be in the cards.
"The other day when we drove the Corvette into Wildwood, I pointed out that the plate stickers on all of Darryl's cars were expired. Do you even maintain car insurance on them?"
"I do. That comes right out of our...my checking. Most of my bills are directly paid online or just come right out of the account. Why do you ask?"
"Just wondered. I do have a small savings. If you need help getting stickers I'd be happy to maybe buy two. Vette and the Edge? The classic cars I'm sure are a lot more expensive. My Grandad has a '57 Ford Skyliner he rebuilt. Snazzy car, I hope he leaves it to me in his will."
"That's sweet of you Eric. Is it because you wish to drive them without getting a ticket? Which would also get me one." She smirks running her palms over the fitted sheet to smooth out wrinkles.
"My car's a piece of junk. I'd be glad to be your Chauffeur when you need one."
"I'll let you buy one sticker. Your money is yours. Thank you for the offer. We'll get the Edge sticker because that gives us more room for groceries and the like."
"Back seats go down to give us room for sex?"
"They do." She flares her eyes with a hopeful smile. "I'll tell you what. Let me finish making our bed and I'll get dressed and we can drop by the D.M.V. together. Unless you have other plans?"
"Nope. I know the guys are all working, so it's the perfect time to do this."
"Should I dress casual or slutty?" She winks knowing her attire the last time they went to town.
"You rarely wear pants. How about you cover up for once?"
"Butt zipper jeans? You can still get me naked if you get a wild hair."
"Perfect."
"Extreme cleavage halter top? Barely cover my breasts, so you can just draw it aside and show me off?"
"Sounds like you want me to."
"What I want is to please you Eric. All of you. I want other men to envy you."
"Yup! That got the dick hard." He laughs patting his cargo shorts in the crotch.
"I aim to please. Keeping it hard is what I live for."
"As gorgeous as you are that's never going to be a problem. I'm sure you notice I have a hard on anytime I'm around you."
"That beautiful man should be hard even when you're not at home. Do you think of me while at work?"
He chuckles shyly, "Yeah! I've been called on it a few times. Couple girls that work at the theater think it's because of them."
"Is it?"
"Sometimes I guess. They are pretty hot. One of them likes me, but I'm just not ready for any real relationship."
"You have one with me." She sticks her tongue out as she flutters her top sheet over the mattress and begins tucking it in.
"You think of all of us as your mates?"
"Not mates, but I do enjoy thinking of myself as yours. All of yours."
"Sounds like you're letting Heath get in your head with his Master stuff."
"Is that so bad? The idea of being owned is rather appealing. Roleplay works best, but I don't mind living the role as much as you boys want me to."
"We should never have locked you inside that leather cell in the attic."
"Why not? I love being tied up and used. Tuck in the foot of my bed please." He leaves his door and assists her as she begins changing the pillow cases.
"Owning you sounds awesome Mom. I'm just not sure I'm that dominating."
"I've felt your dominance Eric. All you need to do is have confidence in yourself. I will do whatever you ask...anything you tell me to do. While I am happy that you have a conscience I want you to overcome your doubts and evolve."
"What I want is for you to just be yourself. I love when you just tease and tell me you want me."
"I do want you. For as long as you want me. If I have my way you boys would be living here with me for years to come. Providing I don't lose this place. If I can get the money to convert the house into that Bed & Breakfast and make it worthwhile enough to afford everything I'll need help around here. Perhaps a change of occupation?"
"Something to consider. I do have Manager experience."
"I have someone very special to my soul in mind for that. Would Assistant Manager suit your needs?"
"Please tell me you're not talking about Elliot."
"Oh, no. Elliot needs to go to college. My freedom since he has been gone has been wonderful. Thanks to my four sweet lovers."
"Five if you count Jeff."
"Yes, five." She giggles. "Blanket." She points behind Eric toward her dresser where it sat. Retrieving it they finish making her bed. Once done she turns to face him and wraps her arms about his neck. "Thank you for your help Sweet Eric." A warm kiss leads his hands to roam her backside, steamy kiss at that. Nudging her to walk backwards they collapse on to the bed and just make out. Warm bedding was not pleasurable in the noon day heat. Sighing, Eric sits up and just rubs her belly as she lay there looking up at him with sparkling adoration.
"You have the most amazing eyes Margo."
"As do you. I love your touch." She whispers and enjoys his caresses.
"Think we should get going in case we have to wait in line?"
"After you turn me on like this?"
"We can come home and make love. Let's go for a ride."
"Tease truckers again?" She bites her lower lip trying to inspire him.
"Only if you pull one over and climb up on his rig and masturbate."
"Mmmmm! Like a big hood ornament?"
"So I can take pics."
"Peterbilt." She snickers. "I would do that for you."
"For the driver too. Face his windshield and squirt all over it."
"LOOOOOVVVVVING IT." She shivers sitting up and kissing him hard on the lips before escaping. Heading to her closet she returned in blue jeans and a sparkling gold sequin draped halter that covered her breasts but revealed her entire cleavage down to her belly button. 80% of her tits were in full view. Doing a 360 she lets him see her bare back with her butt zipper down to her clam.
"Daaaamn! That top doesn't hide much. You gonna leave the zipper down?" He laughs.
"On the way to town absolutely. At the D.M.V. they might not approve. We don't want them to deny me the stickers."
"And, that cleavage won't?"
"I'm covered enough. They can't say I'm not."
"If you can get away with what you did at the bank I'm pretty sure the D.M.V. is at your mercy."
"We shall find out together. I don't have to take my purse now. I have pockets." She goes to her dresser and retrieves what she needs from her purse, which included her I.D., credit card, and lip gloss. Carrying them at first Eric halts her in her tracks and claims her hand in order to examine her I.D.
"Sexy pic even on your I.D. You might wanna renew this too." He points out the expiration date on her card.
"I owe you again. It's been expired for two months now. Without Darryl I get lazy with the small things in life."
"I think you need me to help run any business you start up. Bed & Breakfast or whatever you decide works best for you."
"I will adapt, don't you worry. But, I will keep you handy."
"Let's ride MILF."
As he turned away Margo felt mischievous and jumped on to his back in mid stride. Wrapping her legs around his waist she hugged him tightly, "My chauffeur is so sexy." He laughed and physically did carry her all the way downstairs. "Shoot! Forgot my shoes again."
"Stilettos in the vehicle. Wear them." Eric tows her to the vehicle bowl where only the family car keys were kept. She reaches down and selects the key to her Ford Edge signified by the Ford symbol on the key ring remote. Passing them down to Eric she kissed his earlobe and nuzzled his neck all the way out to the garage. Best ride ever.
At the garage entrance he stood her up before entering and she threw her arms around his neck for a succulent lip lock that lasted three minutes. She absolutely loved kissing her man. Men. Eric was just special to her heart today. Feeling her butt zipper go down and his hands on her bare bottom she broke her kiss with a crisp smile and playful eyes. Then came a pinch to her ass making her jump.
"Y'know Margo...a guy could definitely fall in love with you easy. My hearts all over the chart around you."
"My heart soars for all of you Eric. But, I'll admit I find your heart very appealing. When I say I love you I mean it."
"Which goes for all of us?"
"Yes. I love all of you. I will give each of you the same passion as the other. Just as I hope that you can all share the love for me equally. Can you do that without..." Before she could finish her sentence his lips stormed hers for another three minutes of smoldering temptation.
"So, does this make you my girlfriend?"
"If you like. As long as you understand I wish to be all of yours."
"Weird, but I'm game as long as I get this kind of loving every day."
"I swear on my life I will make you all very happy."
"Just us?"
"All men, but you four...five...are my priority. For the record, Darryl instilled in me that I must love all men equally, passion included. I will always honor that command even unto death. Can I count on you to be there for me in that respect?"
"Meaning what? Protect you from men that might abuse that honor?"
"Yes. As Darryl protected me from harm."
"Always. Come on before the D.M.V. closes because we kiss too much." He laughs opening the side door to the garage for her. She enters as always igniting the garage door in front of her chosen vehicle, which happened to be a white 2016 model Ford Edge, mint condition only needing a bath from sitting idle. Unlocking the vehicle for her she goes to the hatchback and lifts it in order to retrieve her stiletto heels from the matching suitcase that she kept in every car. Closing up, she carries the shoes and gets into the passenger front seat, next to Eric whom had already gotten behind the steering wheel. "Leather everything. Darryl knew how to live the life of Riley, as my Dad says."
"How is Dale?"
"Cranky here lately." He scowls starting the Edge up, shocked that it started having sit so long even after Elliot had kept them running. That was one good quality Margo's adopted son had. About the only one in the long run. "Mom drives him bonkers. Lily is even thinking about moving out but she really can't afford to. I hope she doesn't make a mistake and moves in with some random guy."
"Did you not set her up with your friend Ben?"
"I did. They're dating, but it won't last. He's a wuss overall."
"When am I going to be introduced?"
"To Lily? We'll see. She's pretty openminded but she does like to talk. I'm afraid Mom will catch wind of our escapades and bring down fire and brimstone."
"Then, let's hope she does not discover what you do to me at the D.M.V." She giggles resting her heels on the floorboard until they reach the town of Wildwood.
"Funny, that's where Mom works."
"WHAT?" Margo cracks up with a look of surprise.
"Just kidding. Mom works at a Bakery. Brian's stepmom's Bakery."
"Drive me crazy Eric Crowe." She winks at him then rolls her hand over his chest from a distance.
"Drive drive? Or, DRIVE DRIVE?" He chuckles moving her hand from his chest to his tented crotch.
"Mmmm! Can you stay on the road if I give you a hand job while driving?"
"Probably not. Better wait." He rolls his eyes then pulls out of the garage. She closes the door via remote and watches it go down before returning her attention to Eric, now driving the path out toward the road. "Random thought. Why didn't Darryl put in a paved road out here? Gravel and dirt erodes. I bet in winter it's hell getting in and out of here."
"He managed. Of course he would be gone for weeks at a time. I had plenty of food and stuff. Besides the Road Commissioner always made certain the road was clear for the school bus coming out to get Elliot."
"Long trip out here. I'm shocked the school even did that."
"Darryl was quite influential."
"Sounds like he had everyone in the palm of his hand."
"He had me to assist his influence. I can be...persuasive."
"Dammmn! Okay, hand job."
"See? Palm of my hand too." She unzips him and pulls his beast out for air. Spitting into her hand as lube she reaches over and strokes him to full tilt gear shifter. "I absolutely adore this cock Eric."
"It adores you. You always know the perfect rhythm, that feels awesome."
"I've perfected every sexual practice. You have only seen small portions of how good I am. When I set my mind on something I must be perfect every time." She feels him swerve slightly jostling them about on the gravel, "Stay focused Eric. So will I."
"Hard to, because I'm already wanting to jizz."
"Not until we get to the highway. Just relax and let Mom do her job."
"Trying. I'm starting to think you use Mom more than we do these days."
"I'm used to it now. It's dirty and erotic now that I'm a Cougar."
"Always gonna be Mom to me."
"Good. Now let Mommy do her work. Eyes on the road, not my tits." He was staring at her monstrous cleavage barely hidden behind her loose halter. More spit required she unhooks her seatbelt and moves to her knees in the seat to lean over Eric's lap and spit directly on his crown. Both hands in use as the road tossed them about a bit, she held on to his beast tightly. It was her anchor.
"Almost to the main road."
"Stop before turning on to the highway and let Mommy finish you off."
Four minutes later Eric brakes at the end of her side road and puts the Edge in park. Easing the motorized seat back he reclines and lets her stroke him vigorously. He groans at her hands as she watches his eye lids flutter. It inspired her to cup his crown with her right hand, while maintaining a steady stroke.
"He's close I can tell." She whispers with anticipation.
"I love you Mom." He whimpers, twitching at the closing act brewing in his cock.
"And, I love my son." She nibbles her bottom lip expecting a detonation at any second. On the highway passing in front of them multiple cars go unaware of their deed. Margo considered that foreplay. Tempted to take him outside and ask him to bend her over the hood for all to see crossed her mind. Maybe later. For now her actions would remain inside. "Cum for me Eric."
"ARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHH!" That he did. She captures his explosive semen in her cupped hand and jerks him to a finality. Once his body convulses she removes her coupled hand and draws it to her tongue licking samples and rolling her own eyes back at his sweet taste. Lashes batting she opts to glare at Eric looking up at her feast and she grins. Lowering further over him she brings her hand to his mouth and coaxes him into tasting himself. She then joined him in licking her hand off. Eric Crowe found it disturbing but strangely erotic to taste himself. Once licked clean Margo returns her hand to his erection while French kissing him in a madness of lust.
"Did you like that Sweet Eric?" She eases away nibbling at his lip.
"I...think so. Wow! I've never...wow!"
"Shall we go?"
"Where? OH! D.M.V. Right!"
She sits up and buckles herself back in as Eric rises and puts his beast away. Shivering at the outcome he laughs, then puts the Edge in drive. Out on to the highway they went. It took them fifteen minutes to reach the Department of Motor Vehicles.
"Remind me we need to put gas in this thing or we might not make it home."
"Noted." She unbuckles and opens her door, exiting to put her heels on, then waiting on him at the grill. Joining her they walk hand in hand inside the bustling Department of Motor Vehicles. Within sat over twenty waiting customers in various need of titles, license renewal, plates, etc. The sticker issue was quicker as the line only had three people ahead of them. Their wait was used to cuddle closer, his hand on her ass, hers on his. She playfully looked around her at all the eyes watching. Men and women alike were staring at her near topless halter, bare back, silky smooth with a golden tan, without any visible lines. It was safe to say the men were salivating and the women were biting nails out of curiosity. It was definitely equal opportunity lust. Eric found the variety amusing.
"There isn't an eye in this facility that isn't trained on you."
"Mmm! Boost my ego." She shivers grinning from ear to ear. "Do your worst Eric. I'm all yours."
"All mine, huh? Meaning show you off any way I want too?"
"ALL yours Handsome." A wink leads to a nudge against him to increase his confidence.
"Cameras everywhere. You sure?"
"I'm hardly camera shy. How many videos have you boys taken of me since you moved in? I'm very certain you've shared them with others."
"Not really. At least I haven't. Pretty sure Brian and Heath are showing you off. Cabot? He's a lot like me, not wanting to stir up trouble."
"Now I'm offended. I WANT you to show me off."
"Awhile back you said not too, because of Elliot."
"I'm past my whiney stage. Elliott will just have to get over who I am now."
"I'll remember that." He chuckled. As the line moved up one Eric once again looked around at the seating environment. He knew she was going to have a wait to get her new I.D., she hadn't even gotten a number card to be called up by. This might be a very long day. As Margo patiently waits for the line Eric makes his move and goes from rubbing her ass to pinching her butt zipper and lowering it. She felt it but kept her poker face. The zipper inched down little by little until it revealed the crack of her ass at the highest point. Looking closer at the viewership he spotted two older men encouraging him to zip her down lower, while others merely grinned with anticipation. "Feeling a breeze?"
"Does anyone look offended?"
"Not a one."
"Then unzip me all the way."
"Seriously? Workers can see you at this angle."
"Don't tease me like that." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"Okay. Hope you have bail money." He tugged her zipper clear down to her snatch. Eyes flaring she trembles before ever so accidently dropping her credit card and I.D. Bending over to pick them up her butt pucker popped into view, and one very perfectly formed clam winked at her onlookers. On her way upright she moved her face over to Eric's erection and bit him making him tense up and look back at the viewership shaking his head. He was getting thumbs up from ten different men and women. Other women fanned themselves with paperwork. His stress level mounted regardless as he noticed two counter employees, one manning the optical examination scanner and a title dealer looked directly at Margo. Neither had a smile, yet not one seemed upset or in any hurry to bust them.
Line proceeding forward left only an old man in bib overalls buying his sticker. He looked back at Margo's cleavage and began rubbing his wiry goatee. Smirking up a storm at her Margo toyed with her halter and revealed her right nipple to him. As the counter personnel spoke to him his own eyes lifted to see Margo's exhibition. An immediate sweat led the man to wink at her and hide his curiosity. Paying for his sticker the old man stepped up to Margo and Eric just long enough to say, "That made this old trucker's day Young Lady."
"Trucker you say?" She flirted, "Do you have your truck nearby?"
"On my way over the road once I apply my stickers."
"In a huge hurry?" She asks holding up the line. People were behind her now just to get an up close look at her butt. Eric relaxed knowing they made good camouflage.
"Heading to Tennessee. You holding me up? I'm carrying dog food." He cackles showing off a toothless mouth.
"If you wait awhile I'll give you a show."
"Show you say?"
"Let me do my business here and we'll be right out." With a sly grin Grampa starts to move on. Passing him with a playful tug on his goatee Margo moves to the counter and greets the employee. The man behind the sticker counter tries to keep it cool but wanted to let her know his thoughts. "Very nice. How can I help you?"
"Thank you...Sherman." She eyes his name tag, "I need two stickers. One for this plate, and one for this one." She passes him a hand written note along with her expired Identification card. Looking up the plates as confirmation of shared ownership with Darryl Needy he looks up with a smile, "Mrs. Needy? I loved your husband, so sorry for your loss. Big 10 fan."
"I'm a fan of Big 10's too." She winks as Eric holds his breath, her hand on his crotch firmly gripping his hidden beast.
"Awesome. Ummm? You might need to get this I.D. renewed."
"My next step before I leave."
"I'm paying for the Corvette sticker." Eric adds trying to remain calm.
"Alright. $114 dollars each." Eric hands her his own credit card while Margo slides her VISA through a card reader. Paying hers she removes her chip then slides Eric's in before turning it over to him. As he types in his security code she looks over her shoulder at the drooling masses. Batting her lashes she blows the room a kiss.
"Alright folks. Here's your new stickers. Again, sorry for your loss. Darryl was one in a million."
"He was indeed. Bless you Sherman. I'm going to go tease in line for my I.D. You're welcome to stare at me if you like."
"I'll do that." He winks and lets them move on. She decides to let Eric go get her a number. Seeing so many others before them they knew the truck driver would end up losing hope and moving on. The few open seats left were in the center of everyone. Sliding in front of an aisle of men, Margo let then rub her buns on the way through. Eric just blushed and allowed them to paw her up. Even women touched her.
"This is insane." Eric scratched his head at how much she was getting away with without so much as breaking a sweat. Steely nerves kept this slut going full throttle. She even went so far as to act as if she missed her chair and sat in a man's lap. Apologizing to him he offered to let her stay there. Instead she sat next to him.
"Such a gentleman." She patted the man's knee. "It's warm in here."
"Lots of body heat in a closed environment." The man grins as she fans her halter top revealing her breasts.
"Normally, I adore close body heat. What number are we Eric?"
"70."
"Missed it by one number." She giggles thinking 69.
"Funny you say that." The man next to her shows him his number as 69.
"Mmmm! Love too." She rubs Eric's crotch then looks to her neighbor's. The man winked and motioned for her to feel free. She hesitated looking around her then notes a hunger in all of her onlookers. Shrugging she just reaches over and plants her palm on his brewing erection. He nodded his approval and sat back enjoying whatever she had to offer. "He must be really big." She whispers.
"Straight eight. Still wanna sit in my lap?"
"That might get us all in over our heads." She shies with a pouty frown. "Settle for this?" She winks and locates his zipper, lowering it with a bit of help. Without pulling him out she slips her hand within and grips his cock, stroking it right in front of everyone. Eric was blown away. Margo Needy was unstoppable, thriving on the risk factor with a mischievous grin all around the room. The man leered around her at Eric looking to see if he was mad, thinking they were a couple. They were in her mind. "This makes our wait worth it, don't you agree?"
"Your man there looks pale."
"He's fine. I love you Eric." She makes it known in front of everyone near them.
Gritting his teeth Eric took his own risk and reached between Margo's thighs digging for the zipper and drawing it forward until her pussy came into view. Leaving the upper half zipped he looks to the man and says, "Help her out." Edgy but willing the Man reached over and began rubbing her pussy. She smiled at Eric and offered a hint of yearn. Fingers enter her and thrive about making her bite her lip. Without blinking she looks at people watching yet trying not to look obvious and draw too much attention to them. Everyone was in favor of seeing just how far this could go. Numbers dwindled as time passed. The Man was feeling ready to jizz and let her know it by digging inside her deeper. Eric held her free hand just to keep her in control over her emotional state. She was fighting moans hard. At number 68 the Man cum in his jeans. Margo removed his fingers and drew them to her mouth, licking them without a worry in her world. She would save herself for Eric.
"Number 69?"
"That's me." The man left his zipper down and left her side. Without washing his hand he took care of his title transaction and looked back at her with a glint of admiration. Margo zipped up her thighs but still left her ass hanging out when she was called up. Leaving Eric to his sweaty brow she marched straight up and visibly showed off her ass until her I.D. card was updated. Hearing of a new card being mailed to her she accepted the computer copy and thanked the woman. Boldly, leaving her the woman fanned herself and called the next number.
Awaiting her by the end of their aisle, Eric had left his seat , taking her by the hand and leading her from the D.M.V. Once outside he slapped her ass hard, then laughed as they hugged each other mid walk. His hand slipped in between her crack and massaged her pussy all the way to the SUV. At the passenger door he kissed her hard and called her "Skank."
"Do you truly think that of me?"
"Naaaa! Just being crude. Man, that dude loved you."
"All men love me Eric. I'm here on this Earth to please men any way I can. Blame Darryl."
"Blame? Thank him you mean. Fuck I'm loving this exhibition shit."
"You should try it."
"Maybe. Not yet though. I bet that trucker took off."
"A shame. I wanted to fulfill your request."
"Let's get gas and wash the Edge."
"Alright."
Getting in Eric drove to a convenient store and filled up the gas tank. He knew he was going to drive it more often. Of course with a license plate that said "5LUTTEE" he would get laughed at. Why would Darryl get such a plate and drive it himself? Weird. Leaving the gas station he drove across Wildwood to the best car wash in town. Here they had a lengthy drive-thru power wash, changed oil on the side, and had a detail shop. Workers took his cash and set him on his course toward a guide rail. Putting the vehicle in neutral it would lead him through on his own.
As the cashier pointed out the sign rules Eric proceeded with Margo reaching over to rub his erection again. In a swift move she had her pants totally unzipped and pussy feeling frisky. While two men outside washed the underside and tire rims with pressure wands and soap she coaxed Eric's erection back out.
"He hasn't lost his size. Good boy Eric." Using the motor on the side of his seat he slid all the way back and reclined. She in turn straddled his lap and inserted his beast up inside her. Doing all the work Margo rode that cock hard. In her movements she pulled her halter completely off and cast it into the backseat. Save for her legs Margo Needy was nude. She fucked him really hard as the vertical brushes cascaded the exterior, the windows soaped up and disguising their playtime. Eric as ever was in awe of her lust and adventuresome spirit. With only a few long minutes within their hidden cocoon she cum all over his cock, drenching his jeans in the crotch. He nutted up in her just as the rinse rained down on the windshield. Best quickie ever.
As the track ended she continued riding him until the vehicle stopped. It took a worker to knock on the window to break their lust enough for her to peel off of Eric and take her seat beside him. Raising his seat forward Eric put the car in drive and pulled up to the garage door exit.
"I want an air freshener." She giggled as two men who began hand drying the exterior drooled over her through the windows. She fluttered her fingers at them and they wagged their tongues as if eating her out.
Eric rolled the windows down and requested a cherry air freshener while Margo pinched her nipples and flirted with the men on her side of the SUV. She took the time to remove her jeans and toss them back too. Now she was totally nude. She went so far as to ask a man to clean her inside window. Opening the door for him she stayed in her seat and let him work around her. Margo Needy was shameless. All the while she fingered her pussy in front of him.
The man with the air freshener took it to her side to enjoy his own eye full of her beauty. Showing her the freshener cubes she directed him under her seat. As one man vacates the other does as told. Her pussy mere inches from his face as he places the freshener under her seat.
With the toot of a horn behind them Eric motioned the workers to step away and put the Ford edge in drive. Waving goodbye Margo busted up laughing, "SO MUCH FUN."
"Keep those clothes off." Eric snapped. She looked impressed by his behavior.
"There's the true Eric. I like him."
"Only one highway leading toward Tennessee. Let's catch up with that old trucker." He squealed into traffic and rushed through Wildwood. Obviously, it was unlikely that they could catch up to him, he had a strong head start. Worth a shot though. Outside of town Eric exceeded the speed limit without getting stopped. He might get a ticket but at least they had the sticker even if it wasn't on the plate yet.
Doing 80 in a 55 they blew past their road home and did their best to beat him to the Interstate going South.
"Semi up ahead. Might not be him but it's still a trucker. Up to it?"
"Of course I am." She wipes her fingers on his cheek giggling, leaving her wetness on his chin. He laughed even as he flinched. "I'll pull next to him safely, you see if it's him." Without a reply Margo unhooks her seatbelt and moves to her knees to lean up through her window. Hair whipping in the wind, tits proud and loud.
"Oh my God! It is him." He hears Margo's glee as she waves up at the old man. A honk lets them know he sees them. In a burst of speed Eric moves ahead and back into his lane. Flashers activated Eric finds a soft shoulder to accommodate both their SUV and his tractor trailer. The old man slowed his rig and carefully pulled in behind Eric. Margo was out of the car wearing only her stiletto heels and racing up to the trucks drivers side door. Opening it she cautiously climbs up to greet him.
"I thought you was just teasing an old guy like me."
"I am. But, I always keep my word." She lifts up to kiss him on the cheek. "Can I give you a show?"
"Back in my bunk?"
"On your trucks hood."
"For traffic to see? Hell yes Ma'am. You just be careful getting up and down from there. Don't scratch the paint."
"Thank you...?"
"Pete."
"Oh my God. I was just making fun of Peterbilt earlier." She snickers and climbs back down shutting his door before taking her heels off leaving them on the ground. Eric behind her assists Margo in climbing back up and maneuvering her past the mirrors. It was a challenge but she managed to climb out on to his cab's nose, then crawl into position to face Pete in his seat. Scooting close to the windshield she plants her feet on the glass and spreads her legs wide. Looking Pete in the eye she starts fingering her cunt again. He was smiling up a storm.
Hanging on his door Eric began recording her on his cell and talking to Pete, "Thanks for letting her do this. She's something isn't she?"
"Better than any porno." Pete cackles.
"Join me Eric." Margo whimpers loudly. "Let Pete hold the cell."
"Uhhh?" Eric notes traffic flowing from both directions.
"Live a little Kid." Pete nudged him verbally.
"Fuccccck!" He hands Pete the cell leaving his camera running. Crawling out on the hood with Margo Eric begins stripping his clothing off. Margo halts her fingering and rolls to her hands and knees giving Eric room. Pants down he leaves them on, along with his tennis shoes. Shirt off, he was nude all the way to his knees. Easing behind her on the hood he penetrates Margo and starts fucking her. Gripping her hair he yanks her head back and looks straight at Pete holding the cell steady.
"FUCK ME ERIC. SHOW ME EVOLUTION." She cries out.
In a bold move he releases her hair and grips her by the throat and pulls her upright against his chest. Choking her he fucks her harder than ever. Pete was able to witness Eric's dick moving in and out of Margo. Her juices trickling down on to the metal. For long minutes he hit her cunt hard, even as cars going by were honking. Life was good suddenly. Eric never felt more alive. In a brash move he lets her throat go and encourages her to mash her breasts into the windshield. Within Pete got a stunning close up of her 40D's in a slide across the glass.
Dragging her away she offers Pete an expression of pure ecstasy. Mouthing the words to Pete he read her lips as, "I want to cum hard for you Pete."
From his seat Pete Lowry nods his approval and lets the recording hear his voice, "You just cum up a storm young lady. Music to my hearing aid."
Screaming at the top of her lungs Pete captured her flood bursting all over Eric and the nose of his truck. While filming him, Eric tilted back and nuts exceptionally hard inside Margo's pussy, every expression, every strained look, every egotistical glint of power over her documented. Margo in response shook like a twig on a falling tree. Collapsing over the windshield Margo kissed the glass leaving lip gloss in the form of her lips. Pete ended Eric's film for him and pulled his trucks horn repeatedly. Loud and clear he let the couple know how much he enjoyed their performance.
Pulling his pants up and tugging his shirt back on Eric crawls from the truck first then awaits Margo to gain enough energy to join him. From the steps Eric holds her aloft in mighty arms as she kisses Pete on the cheek thanking him again. It was then she noticed Pete's dick out. Not looking very lively she pouted.
"Don't you fret young lady. At my age it barely gets any action anyways. Viagra doesn't do a damn thing. You just know you made my lifetime." He pats her cheek lovingly. One final kiss to his knuckle Margo climbs down and collects her heels from the shoulder. Cars driving by get a twerk. She was alive and beyond ecstatic.
"You take good care of that gal Son."
"I will Pete. Thanks for being so cool." He claims his cell and joins Margo by the SUV. Hopping in after a final wave to Pete, Eric tears out on to the highway. Thrilled by their achievement Eric turns around a mile down the road in order to head home. Passing Pete on the road they honk at each other.
"Are you glad I helped you evolve?" She shyly smirks at the driver.
"Yeah, that was hot as fuck. We're definitely doing more of that kind of thing. I loved what you did at the D.M.V. too."
"Does DMV stand for Dicks Massaged Vigorously?" She giggles playing with the abbreviation.
"Nice. How about Driving Margo's Vehicle?"
"Digging Main Veins?"
"That's horrible." He chuckles at her attempt.
"Declaring Me Valuable?"
"That rings true. I know I value you."
"Eric?"
"Yeah?"
"Pull over and fuck me again."
"Backseat down, hatchback wide open?"
"Flashers on."
"I think we're the flashers."
"Mmmm!"
People certainly honked. They must have been horny too.
==================
Coming soon : COUGAR HOUSE 22 : Boom BoXXX