FORWARD:
While this chapter picks up immediately after the events in chapter 17, we switch back now to Tom's point of view. It will, however, fill in some gaps along the way.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
--------------------------------------------------
The ride home from Jenna's was long and unusually quiet.
It had been an ugly scene when Trish and I arrived.
Jenna was already on the front porch, waiting, bags packed. Her mother was there with her, and I could hear their raised voices as soon as I turned off the engine.
The boyfriend, Dick, was also there. Trish grabbed my clenched fist before I opened the car door. "Don't," she cautioned. "Just stick to the story."
I met her calm but worried eyes, took a breath, and nodded. "Okay."
"Who the hell are you???" Jenna's mother was already yelling at us, coming down the porch stairs as Trish and I approached.
"I'm Tom Logan..." Shit, I'd already botched it and told her my last name, not Trish's. Oh well, too late now. "...and this is my daughter, Trish."
Trish and I had agreed beforehand that this was the right approach. There was already enough drama without Jenna's mother discovering her daughter was seeing a much older man.
"Your daughter called mine last night in tears," I continued, keeping to the story we'd worked out. "Apparently, your man over there..." I glared at Dick, "...has been behaving very inappropriately."
"This is none of your business, Mr. Logan," her mother snapped. "Now if you'd kindly get back in your..."
"When my daughter gets a call from her best friend telling her that her mother's perverted boyfriend is stealing her panties and masturbating in her bedroom, it becomes my business," I barked.
Dick came down the stairs, a smarmy smile on his face. "Mr....Logan, was it? This is all just a big misunderstanding. Can we not discuss this like reasonable men? Look, come inside, let's have a drink and..."
"I'm only going to say this once," I growled, stopping him dead in his tracks. "Stay the fuck away from me." I then nodded towards Jenna, who was already carrying her bags towards my car. "And from her."
His smile faltered. "Or what?"
My eyes locked into his. "Or I will kick the everloving shit out of you."
His face went pale. "Are you threatening me, Mr. Logan?"
"No threats. Just a promise."
Trish grabbed my arm. "To....um, Dad? Let's go, okay?"
I took a step towards Mr. Dick Flashing Panty Thief.
He took a step back. "If you touch me, I'll sue."
I couldn't help but laugh. Loud and hard. "Yeah," I said once I'd finally caught my breath, "that's exactly what I expected."
Trish pulled my arm again. "Come on, DAD, let's get out of here. Jenna's waiting."
I turned to see Jenna already sitting in the backseat of the car. She was looking at me through the window, her eyes wide and pleading.
"She's not going with you!" Jenna's mother called out after us.
"The hell she isn't," I spat, not turning.
"I'll call the police!"
Now I did turn. "You do that. Go right ahead, I'll wait. I'd love to have a nice friendly chat with them about why she's leaving. I understand there's a nice little video they might enjoy seeing."
Mom's face went stone cold. "Take her. And don't bring her back."
"Don't worry, we won't," I said. "But when you wise up and realize how wrong you are, you know how to find her. You do have your own daughter's phone number, right?"
We drove off, Trish in the backseat with Jenna, comforting her as her tears flowed.
******************************************
By the time we got back to my place, it was evening. Trish stayed for a little while, but had to get home. She'd borrowed her parents' car to come visit me yesterday, then spent the night at my place after Jenna's call so she could leave with me first thing in the morning. Trish had called her parents to explain everything (well, almost everything) and they were very understanding. But she had to get the car back to them and wanted to be home before dark.
"I can see if I can borrow mom's car tomorrow, if not I'll take an Uber, but I'll be over as soon as I can," Trish told Jenna.
Jenna smiled, in better spirits now that we were finally home. "You don't have to, Trish. I'll be okay. But thank you."
"Bullshit, I'm coming. No arguments," Trish said firmly.
"If you wanna stay for a few days, you're welcome to," I told Trish. "Take an Uber, I can pay for it if you need, and you can stay as long as you want. If your parents won't mind, of course."
"They won't mind," said Trish. "I didn't tell them all the details about you and Jenna and, well, US, but they know enough about the situation and they'll understand I want to be here to help Jenna through it."
"Good," I said. "I know my place is small, but I think it's a good idea. I'll be happier knowing Jenna isn't home alone while I'm at work."
Jenna let out a sudden laugh; it was nice to hear it. "You guys are talking about me like I'm not standing right here. Do I even have a say in this?"
"No," Trish and I said in unison.
Jenna laughed again, her beautiful smile finally returning to her face. "Well. Okay then. Be that way."
She threw her arms around Trish. "Thank you. For everything."
"Hey, that's what besties are for," said Trish. "See you tomorrow."
Jenna and I snuggled up on the couch after Trish left. "I know I've said it a thousand times already, but thanks again for coming for me. I'm really sorry for dragging you into this," she sighed.
"And I've told you a thousand times: stop apologizing. No way in hell I wasn't coming for you after that phone call. Trish had to stop me from trying to leave last night," I chuckled.
"I really thought you might punch Dick," Jenna said.
"It was...tempting," I muttered darkly.
"Well, I'm glad you didn't. Although I have to admit I'd have enjoyed seeing that," Jenna sighed.
Several minutes went by quietly. Then Jenna spoke up. "You never told me what you two did yesterday, or what your plans were for last night before I...interrupted."
"You really wanna have this conversation now?" I asked. Jenna nodded. "It'll be a good distraction for me. Plus, you've got me super curious now."
"Okay, then," I smiled. "We had a really nice day at the lake. We swam, we chatted, we got to know each other better. But we both realized there was something missing: You.
"It's not that we weren't intimate at all. We kissed when she first arrived. Held hands a bit during the drive to the lake, and again while just lounging in the sun. We even got into a bit of a tickle fight in the water, but nothing really more than that.
"We came back here after. But I didn't have any plans to try anything with her. I know you said it would be okay if we did, but I wasn't even sure if that was something she wanted. I couldn't read her like I can you. There were no obvious hints or signs that she wanted anything more than to just hang out.
"Trish saved me the trouble of trying to broach the subject by bringing it up first, on the car ride back. She told me she'd been thinking a lot about everything we'd discussed before you left, and while she was still interested in sharing experiences with us, possibly even joining with us more, that she wasn't comfortable with things going any further until you came home. That she'd feel like she was betraying you if she did anything more with me while you weren't around, despite your permission."
"And how did you feel about that?" Jenna asked.
"To be honest? Relieved, "I answered. "Because I felt the same way, too. I really care about Trish, truly, and love her as a friend. And of course I think she's very sexy. But if things are going to continue with her, I want it to be a part of what WE have, together, and not a substitute for us when you're not around."
Jenna looked the happiest I'd seen her since we picked her up this afternoon. "You're so sweet. And I really do appreciate you, both of you, wanting to keep me involved. But I just want to make clear: This wasn't some convoluted test of your loyalty. You really did have my permission to fool around with Trish without me. I wouldn't have been mad if you did."
I smiled. "I know, darlin'. No doubt in my mind. But you forget: this isn't just about what YOU are comfortable with. Trish and I have a say, too. And we both decided to wait for you."
"Fair enough," Jenna nodded. Then, with a slight chuckle, added, "Still, I can't believe you didn't take advantage of a free pass."
I smiled wryly. "Well, I didn't say we didn't do ANYTHING, now did I?"
Jenna cocked an eye. "Oh, really? Do tell!"
******************************************
(Approx. 24 hours earlier)
The sense of relief we both felt as Trish and I entered my apartment was palpable. The talk we'd had on the ride back had eased the growing tension between us considerably. Now that we'd both agreed where our boundaries were, we could simply relax and be ourselves.
"Nice place," Trish remarked, seeing my apartment for the first time. "Great Star Wars collection! I'm something of a fan myself, in case you couldn't tell."
She gestured comically at the swimsuit she was wearing. It was the same blue and white R2-D2 themed suit she'd worn the first time we went to the lake for Movie Night.
"Yeah, I kinda picked up on that," I smirked. "By the way, I never told you this, but that day at the lake, when I first saw you in that suit, I wanted to say 'these are the Droids you're looking for,' but was afraid you wouldn't find the humor in it since we'd just met."
Trish laughed. "Oh, you mean THESE Droids?" She grabbed her boobs with both hands, lifting, then shaking them a bit. "Yeah, I probably would have been offended then. But only because I didn't know you."
Trish looked down at her boobs, still in her hands, and frowned. "I may have to retire this bathing suit, though. It's getting a bit tight on me. Either that, or I need to lose some weight. I'm getting too damn fat."
I looked Trish over, not for the first time. "You're not FAT, Trish. Not even close to fat. You're just...curvy."
Trish sighed. "Curvy is just a kind word for FAT. I must look like a cow next to Jenna."
"Trish, you're beautiful," I said kindly. "Don't do that to yourself. Don't compare yourself to others. You're...voluptuous, curves in all the right places. I'll tell you a secret: Jenna is jealous of your boobs. She wishes hers were as big."
Trish smiled, then laughed. "Not really a secret. She told me that once, too. But thank you, I appreciate it."
She glanced at the clock. "I can't stay too long, I'd like to get on the road before it gets too dark. So guess I better get cleaned up and dressed."
"Of course," I said. "You can shower first."
I showed her to the bathroom and got her a fresh towel and washcloth.
When she came out shortly after, wrapped in the towel, I set her up in my bedroom so she could dry her hair and get dressed while I took my shower.
With all we'd been through together, I felt more than comfortable leaving the bathroom in just my towel as well. Trish had seen me wearing less several times already.
I froze in my bedroom doorway.
Trish was sitting on my bed, her hair dried and makeup done. But she was still wrapped only in the towel.
My eyes went wide when she stood and dropped the towel. She was, of course, completely naked under it.
Our eyes met and she smiled, seeing my shock. "I'm not trying to fuck you, Tommy. I just..." she paused, blushing before continuing, "I just need you to do me a favor."
"Wh...what?" I asked, finding my voice.
"Just look at me," said Trish. "Don't do anything. Don't SAY anything. Just...look."
So I looked at her.
I met her eyes first; soft and brown and full of questioning. My eyes then went to her most prominent feature, her breasts.
I admired their fullness, how beautifully round and plump they were. I could imagine quite clearly how they would bounce as she rode on top of me, or sway back and forth like pendulums if I took her from behind. Her nipples, dark and swollen, would be much more than a mouthful to suck.
My eyes went lower, to her stomach, rounded and soft but certainly not flabby. The curves of her hips still gave her that classic hourglass figure.
Her thighs were thick, her calves rounded. Her feet, surprisingly small with petite little toes.
My eyes traced back up her legs, darker in tone then when I'd last seen her. She'd obviously been working on her summer tan, the contrast of which served to highlight the creamy skin concealed by her bathing suit, drawing my attention of course to her sex.
Unlike Jenna, who left a tuft of neatly trimmed hair, Trish was completely shaved, leaving her plump, meaty vulva prominently displayed. Her labia were long and thick, and seeing them reminded me of her scent from when I'd smelled her panties. I wondered what it would be like to taste her, to suck and pull at those lovely pussy lips with mine, to dip my tongue between them and...
"That's the reaction I wanted," Trish broke the silence.
"Wh...what?" The spell broken, I again met her eyes.
Trish smiled, then gestured downwards with her eyes to my crotch.
Of course I was hard, the towel tenting over it.
"That's the first time I've seen you get an erection without Jenna around," Trish said, her smile widening. "I just wanted to know if you would get one just for me."
I smiled kindly. "Trish, you know I find you incredibly sexy, I've told you several times already."
"I know," Trish giggled. "But sometimes a girl just has to prove things for herself."
I shook my head, still laughing softly, then, on a whim, dropped the towel, revealing my full erection to her. "Proof enough for you?"
Trish smiled even wider, biting her lip as she gazed at my cock. "Plenty."
We stood silently but not uncomfortably for a few seconds, still simply staring at each other's naked bodies, before Trish again spoke.
"I've still got a little time before I need to go. Wanna masturbate together?"
"Absolutely," I grinned.
"Great," Trish beamed. "Let me just..." She went and found her purse, pulling out a small pink vibrator. "You don't mind, do you?"
"Of course not," I laughed. "You do you."
We lay side by side on my bed, Trish placing her towel under her. "So I don't stain your bedspread," she giggled.
It was an incredible new experience for me. While I'd masturbated for, and with both Jenna and Trish in the past, this was different. It wasn't part of some greater game or goal. And there was absolutely no expectations or pressure on either side to have to do anything to please the other.
We were two friends, simply sharing in a mutual pleasure.
Trish lay close, our shoulders touching and our legs intertwined, but other than that there was no real, intimate touching between us. Instead we simply watched each other, and focused on pleasing ourselves.
I could already smell the scent of her as she worked her vibrator, alternating between thrusting it in and out of her already dripping pussy and running it over her swollen clit.
I pulled my lube from the nightstand and doused my throbbing cock, the slickness sending shivers through me as I stroked myself casually, not rushing, wanting to fully enjoy the show Trish was giving me, as well as give her one of her own.
Trish was watching me intently as I stroked. "I gotta say," she mused, "the first time I ever saw a dick, I thought it was pretty ugly. Like an alien or something. Of course it didn't help that the guy it was attached to was so drunk he could barely get it up.
"But I've certainly come to, well...appreciate them more over the years. Especially if they're attached to the right person."
Her eyes met mine, her smile wide and genuine. "You've got a great cock, Tommy. Not because of its size or shape, although, whew, absolutely no complaints about either. But more so because it's attached to a great guy."
I felt myself blushing despite myself. "Thanks, Trish. You're pretty awesome yourself."
Trish grinned. "Thanks. When Jenna gets back, I'm going to seriously consider you guys offer to, well, participate more fully with you both. But for now..."
She settled back, and began to work her pussy with a renewed gusto. "...this is a hell of a lot of fun, isn't it?"
"Hell yeah it is," I said, speeding up my own efforts.
We stopped talking, now truly focused on ourselves, and watching each other.
Trish's moans were steady, and I found myself watching her face more than her body as she masturbated. I loved seeing the pleasure there, the way she'd grimace then smile as she hit the right spot with her vibrator.
Her eyes constantly strayed to my cock as I continued to jerk myself, my hand twisting up along the swollen shaft, gripping the head with a twist of the wrist before sliding back down along the veiny length.
Suddenly her body tensed and her hips began to buck. "Oh, fuck, here it comes," she gasped, "I'm gonna...oh, yesssss..."
Her eyes fluttered and her face went flush as her orgasm took her. I watched fascinated as the waves of pleasure ran through her.
"Fuck that was good," Trish gasped, "I got one more coming in behind it, fuck it's close! You gonna cum, Big Guy? I wanna watch you cum with me, if you can!"
"Yeah," I panted, my own pleasure waves building, "I'm...really close...myself...it's almost...oh, shit, oh fuck, here it comes, oh ffffuck," I growled as my cock swelled to its hardest, then released its load in blast after hot, sticky blast.
Trish was gushing herself, trickles of clear juices running from her pulsing vaginal opening to leak down the crack of her plump ass to the towel below.
She giggled a bit once she finally caught her breath. "See? Warned you I was messy."
I was still slowly squeezing the last few drops from my only slightly deflated cock. "Yeah, well, you and me both, kiddo."
Trish gave me a curious grin. "May I?" she asked, her fingers poised just above a pool of already dripping cum along my stomach.
"Um, be my guest, I guess," I shrugged.
Dipping her fingers in the sticky mess, she swirled it around, coming up with a glob she then brought to her lips. She licked it off tentatively, then wrinkled her nose. "Not bad. Still not my favorite taste in the world, being honest. But it's not terrible."
"Well, good to know. I'll make sure never to ask you to swallow."
Trish snickered, "Good, thank you. I hate swallowing. Although it's more about the texture than the taste, really. It just reminds me of snot."
I almost choked with laughter at her brutal honesty.
Trish laughed with me, then, giving me a curious look, suddenly held up her vibrator. It was glistening with her own cum. "Wanna taste?"
I took it from her eagerly and gave it a long lick. Her musky flavor danced along my tongue and I rolled it around the roof of my mouth, savoring it. It was much stronger than before, when I tasted her from her panties.
Trish watched me intently. "Well? You can be honest, I can take it."
"Trish, you taste wonderful," I said, "it's like one of those sweet and sour suckers I used to eat as a kid." I licked the vibrator again, gathering more of her essence on my tongue. "You taste very natural, very clean. A bit more coppery than Jenna, but not by much. I'd really enjoy tasting you from the source sometime, if you'd be willing."
Trish blushed and smiled. "Perhaps one day. But thank you. It's nice to know it's not...you know...repulsive."
"Far from it," I said. "Trish is delish."
She rolled her eyes, but laughed. "Cornball."
Leaning in, Trish gave me a soft, lingering kiss. Our tongues danced playfully for a few moments before it broke.
"Getting late, I should be going," she said.
We'd just finished getting dressed when my phone rang. "It's Jenna," I explained to Trish as I answered. "Hey, darlin', how are you? I..."
"Tommy?" Jenna's voice cracked through her sobs. "I...I..."
"What's wrong?" Trish asked, seeing the concern on my face. I held up my finger, silencing her.
"Jenna? What's going on?" I asked.
"Can you...can you come get me? I need to get away from here."
******************************************
(present time)
Jenna sighed as I finished my tale. "Well, at least I didn't interrupt your fun together."
I put my arm around her, hugging her closer. "Stop it. That wouldn't have mattered. I'm just glad we got you out of there."
"Me too," said Jenna softly.
We sat quietly for a bit in each other's arms. She'd only been gone a few weeks, but I was thrilled to be able to simply hold her again. I just hoped she'd be okay after dealing with such a traumatic experience.
Jenna broke our silence. "That story was pretty...hot."
"Yeah?"
She looked up at me, her trademark grin returned to her adorable freckled face. "Yeah."
Her lips met mine. "Take me to bed," she purred.
"You sure?"
"I'm sure," she smiled, taking me by the hand, leading me to the bedroom.
"Come on, cowboy. I've missed you."
"Yes, ma'am," I drawled as I closed the door behind us.
******************************************
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS:
As I said in the last chapter, things went a little darker than I expected. So I definitely wanted to make this one a bit more fun and lighthearted.
I went back and reread many of the earlier chapters in this series because I also wanted to try and recapture some of the original roots of this tale, albeit in a different and hopefully fresh way of course.
Believe me, I toyed with the idea of Tom and Trish sleeping together while Jenna was away, but quickly dismissed it.
Jenna has been, and continues to be, the heart of this series, and I simply couldn't see Tom taking Trish's virginity without her there, sharing in it.
And now that Jenna is home, well...who knows how soon that could happen?
To be continued.