I have always fantasized about watching my husband with another woman. I searched for awhile to find the right girl, I knew my husbands type and wanted it to be perfect. He always went for tiny, young looking red heads with big asses. We live in a small town and I knew that unless I wanted to be the headline of the latest town gossip, it could never happen here.
My husband had to go to Vegas for a business meeting, and I decided to tag along. After our flight landed he had to head straight to a meeting, meanwhile I caught a cab to our Hotel. It was getting dark and my husband wasn't due back for an hour, so I decided to venture down to the Casino. I took a seat at the bar, ordered a drink and just sat there silently observing the room, sipping my tequila sunrise. I asked the bartender what was up with the red head at the end of the bar? He winked at me and said she was "working".
She was perfect! A tiny cheerleader type, couldn't have been more than 19 despite what her ID may claim, with a firm round ass, and long red locks. Unsure of what to do next, I decided to slip her a note as I walked past her to the ladies room. I was nervously looking at myself in a huge oval mirror that was hung above a giant marble sink when she walked in. We quickly went over what I wanted her to do, worked out a price, then I handed her our room key as I turned and walked out the door.
My husband texted that he was on his way back and to order to room service. I told him I'd already ordered his dinner and that I was at the hotel spa and wouldn't be back for a few hours.
I was sitting in the dark in the spare bedroom when my husband walked in our suite. He took his suit jacket off and layed it over a chair. I watched him thru the crack in the door as he took off his shoes, and settled on the giant L shaped sofa for a quick nap. Suddenly I heard the click of the key unlocking the door and I swear you could hear my heart pounding a mile away!
She peeked her head into the suite, accessing the situation. She was used to odd requests but this was a 1st for her.
As she entered the suite she tried her hardest to keep quiet but the door was heavier than she'd anticipated and the resulting boom echoed through the room like it was the Grand Canyon! It woke my husband but before he could say anything she was standing over him with her finger over his slips as if to say shh...
She knelt in front of him, unzipped his fly and began stroking his not yet hard cock still in his pants. He told her he was married, and attempted to stop her advances. Before he could say anything else she had freed his cock and was tracing the tip with her tongue. Soon her mouth enveloped his hard cock...she worked up and down stopping only to lube up his cock with her spit. I couldn't believe this was finally happening!
She stood up and with her ass facing him bent down to remove her thong, giving him an up close view of her perfectly round ass and shaved pushy. I could see him bite his lip as he traced her lips with his fingers. He softly pushed one finger into her soft, dripping pussy. She groaned as she raised one leg onto the arm of the sofa to give him full access to do as he pleased. He was working 3 fingers in and out of her while rubbing her engorged clit with his other hand, when suddenly I heard her squeal! He had slyly inserted one finger into her tiny pink asshole. He was now eagerly lapping up her juices with expert precision.
I decided this was the perfect time for my entrance. I originally had no intention of participating at all, I wanted to watch him enjoy her. His face when he saw me was half panic half shame. I said nothing to him as I assisted her in straddling his lap with her ass still facing him. I don't think he knew what to do. He looked up at me with pleading eyes, and beet red cheeks.
I grabbed his cock, bent over to spit on it to get it wet, and kissed his forehead. I bent down in between his legs and grabbed his cock again to guide it into her tight little ass.
He groaned with pleasure as she slowly lowered herself onto his cock, and began moving her hips in circles. I kept my grip on his cock the entire time, using my free hand to play with my pussy. She was now bouncing up and down, her ass making slurping sounds with every bounce. I leaned down and began sucking on her clit as she continued to grind her ass down on my husbands cock. It only took 2 fingers and my tongue a couple minutes before her whole body started convulsing and trembling. I continued working my tongue and slurping at her juices until she collapsed backwards onto his chest.
He resumed pumping into her asshole with a renewed vengeance, as soon as I saw that he was getting ready to pump his cum deep into her tiny asshole, I took his balls into my mouth, licking and sucking until I heard him grunt and felt his balls tighten up as her asshole milked his cock of every last drop of cut. The sight of his cock in her ass, his grunts of pure pleasure, were more than I could take. I worked my fingers in and out of my throbbing pussy until I came harder than I ever knew was possible!
Nobody moved for what seemed like an hour. I finally offered her a hand to get off his lap, and watched as his cock slipped out of her now gaping and leaking asshole. As she stood up and my husbands cum gushed out of her hole and down her legs, I knew I'd given him a night he will never forget!
I turned to look at my husband, smiled and mouthed your welcome.