Rob had pondered doing this for months.
In his late 40s he was proud of his physique, working hard to keep himself in shape. He didn't have the body of a 20 year old, who does except a 20 year old. But he would get a second look and glances at the beach, even from the younger ladies.
But this was different. He noticed a help wanted sign at Johnny's, a local bar very popular with women. Every week there was a ladies night and male dancers were featured. He heard it got wild but had never gone. He also heard there was an after hour back room where things REALLY got wild.
The help wanted was clear: Man over 40, good dancer, good shape, and good tips. He could use a few extra dollars and felt it would be fun.
He danced a bit at his "interview" and the owner (a man) then asked him to get naked. He thought it was odd and wondered what this place was like. He was hired and was told that an older man would be good for those divorcee parties. He was to start the next day.
When he arrived at Johnny's he walked through the bar which was already filled with women and men. Many of the women were alone and in groups. He felt better when he got some stares and smiles as he walked through the bar.
When he arrived in the dressing room all of the fellow dancers introduced themselves and seemed to be ok guys, young, but ok.
One of them said that there was a divorce party that night and they can get crazier than the young ones. Rob was told to wear a suit with the tightest fitting undergarment he could find. The darn thing was small and very uncomfortable but he was ready. The guys gave him a rather large glass of bourbon to calm his nerves.
There were 4 guys dancing before him and he watched from the side and planned on doing similar things. The bourbon calmed him down but he still felt very anxious. The women were loud, raucous, and forward. It's amazing how alcohol and dancing men turn women into college GUYS. He was surprised when the first dancer got down to his undergarment so fast. He was fondled through his thong as he posed for tips. One woman came on stage for a lap dance and had her hands all over him. She tugged his thong down exposing his manhood and the crowd went wild. Now she was tugging on him and it began to respond. It was then that the man pulled out a can of whipped cream and put a generous amount all along its length. The woman knew what to do.
Rob turned away. He was both nervous as hell and aroused. What am I doing here he thought. He wasn't sure that he was going to stay. However his arousal grew as he thought of what would happen when it was his turn. He had often thought about being watched but never did it. Now he was pacing in the back room. He poured another bourbon and decided to stay. The idea of doing this was now igniting him and he was hot and very turned on by what would happen.
Hey Rob he heard. "Do you want to stay for the after hour's party? The divorcees want the back room after we close. No liquor back there so you'd have to leave the bourbon here. The tips are amazing back there." I said sure.
I was now in full arousal.
Now he was nervous, really nervous. His stomach was doing jumping jacks. He wasn't sure what was more overwhelming, the dancing in front of these women, the idea of having a woman lick whipped cream from his cock, or, or ,or? Or the back room after party. What goes on there? He thought he knew but......?
The second dancer came off the stage and he heard him say - Wow that redhead almost made me cum, she took me so deep.
Huh! Oh no, oh no, oh no! Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes! So many things going through his mind. So nervous, so aroused, so hard, so ready to grab one of those women. Should I grab someone? Can I control myself, at all? I better leave, no stay. What if I know someone? I need to cum. I need a woman. I better go home now before it's my turn. That's it, go home and jack off. But the back room. I want to do that don't I. Rob, Rob ROB. Huh. You're on!
And just like that he calmed down. Not completely but he swaggered onto the stage with confidence. The women clapped loudly whooping it up. He saw 7 or 8 women his age now talking to one another as they looked at me. There were a few high fives in there and one of them blew a kiss at me. I felt better, more in control and I wasn't hard anymore, thankfully. It may have ripped this tight thong. The music was slow at first as I played to the crowd a bit walking from one end of the stage to the other looking executive like. I removed the suit jacket and put it aside. My tie and shirt quickly followed as well as shoes and socks. So here I am wearing slacks and a thong. The music quickened and I played to the crowd with the 40 somethings seemingly enthralled by me. I was proud of myself and decided to tease some more. The belt was unclasped and I pulled it slowly through each loop of the slacks then thrusting it aside. There was a young woman with a very low cut top near me now with a smile on her face. I smiled back and walked across the stage. My eyes then met the eyes of a woman with the divorce party. She gazed into my eyes sexily. She wasn't like the rest with their hooting and hollering. She was enjoying the show and I had to admit she captured me. Wearing a simple dress. Shorter dark hair, blue eyes. Smooth skin, a woman that would catch my eye anywhere. I walked back across to MS low cut and grabbed the top of my zipper and motioned for her to help. She stood up and reached for the zipper and slowly pulled it down. My pants fell to the floor followed by applause and more hooting.
Now I was nervous again. Not as bad as before but nervous. I strutted around the stage dancing faster as the music quickened. One of the other dancers before me ran on the stage and put a chair in the center. Well here goes. The divorce party quickly pointed at one of the women in their party urging me to pick her. I assumed she was the newly divorced woman. I motioned for her to come up. She was attractive, and I will say voluptuous. She was rather appealing. She sat down and looked nervous too. I whispered in her ear, this is my first time too. She smiled as I danced around her. I whispered again in her ear, "what do you want to do?" She responded may I see your cock? With that I was quickly naked.. More hoots. I was gaining confidence and also stiffness. It felt so good to be seen naked. So good to be in front of this woman who may be seeing a cock up close for the first time since she married. All eyes were upon me. I was enjoying this, a lot.
I sat on her lap and took her hands and put them on my chest. She rubbed me firmly and ran her hands on my shoulders and down my chest. I could feel her hot breath on my neck. She was breathing heavily and quickly. She gently pulled each of my nipples, and wondered if she heard or sensed my moan. I stood up and grabbed her hands and the music played slowly. We began to dance tightly. I could feel her soft breasts through her sweater on my bare chest. I was sure she could feel my now full erection through her jeans. The women in the audience continued to holler urging her on. She then sank to her knees and grabbed the back of my ass and pulled me into her mouth bottoming out in one motion. Oh my goodness is all I could manage. She began to bob her head and used her hands to pull my ass forward as she continued to pleasure me. My head was spinning as I looked around the room which was now quiet. The women seemed taken away by this image in front of them. The bobbing became faster. She was on fire as was I. Each stroke seemed deeper in her mouth. Damn what man would divorce her I thought? I felt an urging from my core as she continued. She was now going slower but at a pace that was making me crazy. She quickened again. I closed my eyes and took in the full sensation of her work. I wasn't going to stop her, I couldn't.
Then she stopped, thankfully she stopped. Maybe she wasn't sure of the rules, I know I wasn't. I knew I was going to cum if this went on much longer. The crowd cheered wildly. I took her hand and raised it and told her to take a bow. We did so together and it was over. Whew over. Darn it's over? I was still rock hard.
I walked to the back and there's the boss. Holy shit Rob that was great. He handed me a first full of cash, tips I hadn't noticed being thrown at the stage.
I was so glad that the first time was over. So glad I didn't cum (kind of) so glad I could go home now and....... I heard the boss say - Ok Rob we close in an hour. See you in the backroom then. Oh man, how can I forget that!!!