All parties are over 18 years old and is a mix of truth and fiction. Please keep any snarky comments to yourselves.
If you've read "Who was I in Love with?" this continues the tale of my girlfriend, Donna, and I, Alex, exploring our relationship boundaries and expanding our sexual horizons. That story contained a gangbang/train and interracial sex. I was a freshman at the University of Florida in Gainesville and Donna was a high school senior in Miami. The year was 1971.
Part 2
Wednesday:
I had made dinner reservations for 8pm at an Italian restaurant in Coral Gables. I was showered, dressed and ready to go when she arrived at 7:20. I opened the door just as my dad came into the entry hall to see who had arrived.
Donna was wearing a white blouse, lavender bra, black flared miniskirt and mid-sized heel sandals- the same outfit she wore in Gainesville when she did her strip tease for Tommy and me. She knew this would get a rise out of me.
The blouse was not tied under her breasts and was buttoned up demurely. She had not worn the thigh high stockings from that day. That would have been too risqué around my folks or at the restaurant. Dad was pleased to see her and gave her a hug and asked her to sit and stay a bit before we had to go. I sat next to Donna on the couch and dad was in a chair across from us. I knew why he chose that chair.
My dad was a very good-looking man. He had aged well and had distinguished salt and pepper sideburns worn in the day. Donna had previously told me she thought both of my folks were very good looking. Once, when we were talking about this, she had even said, "I'd sleep with him."
Dad loved to have his boys bring our girlfriends to the house. I remember overhearing a call he made to a neighbor friend one weekend afternoon telling the neighbor to come over because John and a buddy had their girlfriends over to swim. The two "dads" sat in the family room "watching TV" while the girls, in their bikinis, played in the pool and lay in the sun. The drapes were open and with the glare of the pool deck you couldn't see into the room. The girls couldn't see the two 40 somethings ogling them with drinks in hand.
Anyway, we visited for about ten minutes while I watched my dad's eyes. He was trying to be careful with my mom and I there, but I could see him, occasionally, drop his eyes to her legs as we talked. Donna was careful to keep her legs together as we all chatted. It wasn't until we were getting up to leave that she, first, squeezed my hand and then coyly "shot him the beaver", as we called it back then, as she slid off the couch to stand. His eyes widened but he kept his composure as we said our goodbyes and he gave her a hug. I'm sure he had just seen the lacy lavender panties that went with the bra.
Donna handed me the keys to her car, and it wasn't until I opened the door for her to get in that I saw what my dad had seen. Donna was not wearing panties! Her blonde bush and wet slit met my gaze.
"Shit!", I said, "You just showed your naked pussy to my dad!"
She looked up at me giggling and said, "I think your mom is going to have a good time tonight. I doubt he'll say anything. After all, it was just an accident.", she said innocently. "I thought you liked me to be a tease?"
"I do", I started, "but don't flash your naked pussy to my dad. Can you do that, please? Grabbing Larry's dick today is another thing. Were you flashing your bush at the guys at work before you came over, too? We need to talk about how far this game goes. There need to be limits, babe."
"Yes sir!", Donna said sitting up straight and adding a salute.
I got the envelope out of the shrubs and handed it to Donna as I got in the car. "No peeking. Let's look at these together at dinner," I said.
"Ok," Donna answered. "I'm dying to see how they turned out."
Snuggling up close to me she had her tongue in my ear and her hand on my cock before we were out of sight of the house. Listening to an 8-track tape of "What's Going On" by Marvin Gaye, we made the drive to dinner.
As we drove, I opened by asking Donna the big question on my mind, "Are you fucking anybody else?"
"NO," Donna said pulling back from me. "I haven't had sex with anyone else since I met you, well, except for Gainesville."
"Ok. OK. I believe you," I responded. "It just seems like you've changed since then. Larry even told me that you seem preoccupied with sex."
"What did you expect? That weekend was pretty wild.", Donna answered. "I have NEVER felt so alive or felt the rush I did being ganged up on in your dorm. Remember, I started liking boys when other girls still thought they had cooties.", she added.
Donna paused a bit and then said, "I think I might be a nymphomaniac... After we make love all I think about is when can we do it again. I get a rush out of getting you all excited and seeing the way you look at me when you cum. An orgasm is the best feeling in the world to me. I crave them and masturbate every day, sometimes twice. I enjoy the feeling of knowing guys want me and I feed that by teasing them. The feelings are hard to resist. Oh god, I'm getting wet just thinking about it."
I looked at her and then back at the road. What I saw in her face was a lustful girl who genuinely loved me but was a bit out of control. I knew I played a part in releasing that in her. The sex I was getting was great and, I had to admit, I got off on hearing her stories and watching her drive men crazy. She exuded sex, and I was the recipient of her all-consuming desire. I recognized I was the same way. I was a typical horny 19-year-old kid with sex on my mind A LOT. I was just realizing that girls, particularly Donna, could feel that way, too.
My hope was that her desires wouldn't turn her into "the class slut". I really didn't want to be with a girl with that kind of reputation with my friends and family knowing it, too.
There was a long pause before I said, "Donna, I love you and want to be with you. I think we both know that what happened in the dorm and with Tommy is not an everyday thing. And the truth is, I got off watching you getting fucked. I like that you're mine and that other men think you're hot. Your stories about teasing teachers or guys at school or the guys at work make my dick so hard. You're so damn beautiful and sexy."
"So, you don't mind that I'm this way?", she asked. "Are you saying I can fuck whoever I want?"
"No! I didn't say that.", I answered.
"OK. Good.", she started. "Then, what are you saying?"
"I think we just need to take a step back. Think about who you're teasing and the consequences. And no fucking anyone without me being there." I added. "The fact that you are an exhibitionist makes me horny as hell. The fact that you love sex makes me horny as hell. Truth be told, I love you just the way you are."
Donna smiled and snuggled up to me as we pulled into the parking lot. When I came around to open her door, she spread her legs wide and ran her right index finger the length of her pussy and then sucked it into her mouth.
"Can I do this?", she asked with a pout. This made me laugh and I helped her out of the car.
Looking around first to make sure no one was watching; I slipped my hand under her skirt as we walked across the parking lot and held on to her bare ass. We were laughing about my grab ass as we entered the restaurant.
We were seated at a booth with a white tablecloth. She slid in first and then I sat next to her. Using my fake ID, I ordered a glass of wine which I shared with Donna surreptitiously. The envelope was on the table in front of me as we looked over the menus left for us. We set the menus at the end of the table after we had made our dinner decisions.
"So, when are you going to show me the pictures?", Donna asked breathlessly into my ear as she hugged my arm tightly.
"Soon love. Let's order first. I'm starved.", I responded.
A waitress appeared and introduced herself as Kathy. She was a very attractive older woman of about 35-40 years old, 5'7'' with a small butt and short curly brown hair. Her blouse was filled with an impressive set of breasts. She took our orders and left.
I looked around to see if anyone was watching us as I took the envelope and placed it in my lap. I had put rubber bands around the pictures and stuck pieces of paper with numbers from 1-4 on them. The numbers indicated the four rolls of photos I had taken in sequence. Four rolls with 36 exposures on each. I found the group marked with the "1" and pulled it out of the envelope and placed it in front of us.
"Baby, you look so hot in these. The lighting isn't perfect, but some are really good. You're a great model." I told her.
"Thanks, sweetie," Donna said giving me a kiss on the cheek. "Let me see them."
We began from the beginning with her in the outfit she was wearing tonight and how Tommy, a large black man, had stripped her out of her clothes and fondled her in the most intimate ways possible. They showed them kissing as he had his fingers inside her pussy or his large dark hands cupping her small breasts. Pictures of him eating her. Pictures of his thick ten-inch-long black cock in her mouth.
I stroked Donna's thighs and pussy as we looked at them and she was returned the favor by tracing the outline of my cock through my pants with her fingernails.
She made comments on most of them, like:
"I don't know how I fit all of that in me."
"Tommy's cum was real salty. I like yours better."
"Look at the size of his balls!'
"I love to play with a penis. It's my favorite toy."
"His cock was SO heavy holding it in my hands."
"It was hard fitting that in my mouth."
"He really stretched my pussy. I came so many times."
We were almost through the third set that showed the fucking action. Me and Donna. Donna and Tommy. We were looking at the one of her mounting Tommy's cock cowboy-style when I felt a presence. I turned to see the waitress there with our dinner plates. Her mouth was open and her eyes were locked on the pictures. I had no clue how long she had been there.
I quickly turned the picture over and straightened the stack in front of us that had become disheveled and spread out a bit on the table. Hurriedly I tried to put them back in the envelope.
Kathy looked right at Donna and said, chuckling, "Honey, you are one lucky woman." She set Donna's food in front of her and added, "How can such a young thing like you handle all that man? You better eat if you want to keep up. You'll need your energy, for sure.", she chuckled.
Donna and I were both beet red and she looked mortified. She didn't say anything as she shrunk back in her seat.
The waitress said, "Don't worry, hon. I won't say anything to anyone about this. I've had a few pictures of me taken, too." She set my food in front of me and said, "You are one special kind of guy who'll let his girl have that."
Looking back to Donna she put her hand on my shoulder and added, "Don't let this one go, darlin'. He's a rare one. When I come back I want to look at more of those. You really are so beautiful."
Donna blushed as she stared at Kathy and heard her words.
The waitress withdrew and we sat there and looked at each other for a few seconds before we both burst out laughing, attracting a few glances our way from folks seated at tables nearby. If they only knew...
I asked Donna what she thought of showing the waitress more of the photos.
Donna surprised me when she said she would be too embarrassed.
I reminded her that she was not too embarrassed to fuck 15+ guys or show my dad her naked pussy.
We ate our dinner, and the busboy took our dishes away. He didn't act like he'd seen or heard anything. While we waited for the waitress to reappear, Donna and I played with each other under the tablecloth. I was fingering her while she was rubbing my stiff cock in my pants and nuzzling my neck. Again, I felt a presence and turned to see the waitress standing by me.
Kathy stood at my side and smiled and said she would go over the dessert menu with us. She instructed me to move to the other side of the table as she wanted to talk "to your girlfriend". I withdrew my fingers from Donna's vagina and she released her grip on my cock. After "adjusting myself", I moved to the far side of the table and Kathy took my spot next to Donna.
"I don't know if you two want dessert," Kathy started, "I think you may already be working on that without me.", she said as she winked. "I've been so horny. I want to see more of the pictures. It might even be worth your while."
"Donna", I began, "It's your call, Baby. Do you want to let her see these?"
"Ok, but I want you to keep an eye out for anyone else walking by. These are kind of private.", Donna instructed me.
I pulled out stack #3 that had Tommy and I making love to Donna and handed them to Kathy. She began to slowly go through them. When she was finished, I handed her stack #4. Donna hadn't even seen these yet.
Kathy and Donna went slowly looking at each picture and their detail. She turned one around of me getting sucked by Donna and said, "You're not too bad yourself there, boyfriend."
Donna piped up, "Alex really is a good lover. I cum almost every time we make love."
When she had finished with the stack Kathy put the photos aside and said, "Honey, how old are you? Are you still in high school?"
Donna told her she had just turned 18 and was a senior.
"You are very cute and sexy beyond your years.", Kathy continued. "There's someone I know who will want to meet you. He's always looking for models and he pays well."
With that she took a business card from her pocket and put it on the table in front of us. It was from a guy named, Lou Peraino, the owner of Plymouth Media.
Kathy said, "Lou's my husband. I own this restaurant and I paid for it with the money from photo shoots and a few movies I've made. You're cute and young. You'd be great. The money is good, too."
"Is this legit?", I asked skeptically. "Are you looking for girls to do porno? I don't want Donna doing any stag films."
Kathy raised her hand to stop me and said, "This isn't about making a movie. She'd be posing for pictures. Girls only go as far as they want to go. Donna is a young and has real sex appeal. I can be there to make sure that things don't go any further than she'd like, and she'll make some serious money. You can come, too, hon."
Donna spoke up first, "Would the pictures be in nudie magazines? I don't think I could do that."
"Yes.", Kathy said.
"I don't know about this... It's all so sudden. I don't think I could do that.", Donna repeated. "What if a guy from school saw me? I'd never live that down."
"I've been in many magazines, and nobody has recognized me yet. It's up to you.", replied Kathy. "You'd make about $250 a shoot. More if it's not just nudes."
$250 in 1971 would be the equivalent of about $1,500 today. This was a lot of money for kids our age. One photo shoot would pay for a nice apartment with some money left over.
Kathy said, "You don't need to decide now. Keep Lou's card and call if you'd like to schedule some test shots. If nothing else, you get some professional pictures done that you get to keep for yourself. Not that your pictures aren't good, Alex, but a professional photographer in a studio with lighting and sets can make them great. Do you mind if I take a couple of these to show Lou? He'll decide if he can use you."
Donna hesitated and then said. "Ok. But just maybe. I've gotta' think about this. Alex and I will talk about it."
Donna and Kathy selected three photos for Kathy to take to her husband. One had her clothed with Tommy behind her and lifting her skirt to reveal her lacy panties. Another had Donna naked except for her thigh high stockings. It was a profile as she was bent forward with her ass sticking out and her 34B breasts capped by rock hard nipples on display. The last had her in bed laying on her back in the throes of an orgasm. Her back was arched and eyes closed as Tommy lay between her legs, his cock not visible but obviously buried in her pussy.
"Write your phone number on the back. He might want to talk to you." Kathy handed Donna a pen and Donna wrote her first name and her home phone on the back of the picture of her still clothed.
"I live at home so don't call and discuss this with anyone that answers. Just me.", Donna added. She had her own phone in her room and her own phone number, but continued to caution Kathy. "I don't need my stepdad or mom asking questions about some guy calling from a photography studio."
Taking the pictures, Kathy slid out of the booth and said, "You really would be great at this, and you'd make a lot of money. Think about it." She put our bill on the table and left. When I flipped over the check to see what I owed, I saw the meal had been comped
As we left the place, we talked about how surprised we were at what just happened. We wondered if all Kathy had told us was truly real.
I drove us to our spot in the jungle by the bay where Donna and I worked up a serious sweat as we made love for over two hours in the backseat of the GTO. I came in her mouth once and once in her pussy. The sex was more raw and less tender than our normal lovemaking. We talked about Donna appearing nude in a magazine. We also wondered what kind of money does "doing more" mean? The thought of Donna posing nude for a professional photographer excited us both.
We cleaned up, wiping ourselves down with towels Donna always kept in her car to protect her seats and keep the sweat out of our eyes. Donna dropped me at my house after midnight. Tomorrow was Thanksgiving and I'd be spending it hanging out with my family while Donna did the same at her house. I'd see her again on Friday. She drove off with her set of pictures and a smile on her face to match the smile on mine.