It was a cold early 1070s January when I returned to Provo to begin my second semester of undergraduate studies at BYU. I had arrived there the preceding fall, a very unsophisticated 19-year-old who had grown up Mormon in a very small town in rural Eastern Idaho.
A lot had been accomplished in my first semester of college. I had lost my virginity to Sandra Olsen, a very attractive young coed from a prominent Salt Lake City family. Before the year was out I was also screwing Sandra's older sister-in-law, Lauren. Both of them presented themselves as very strait-laced Mormon women, but that was just a front they maintained. The sex with each of them was great and there seemed to be no jealousy.. The ruling matriarch of the women's family, Jane, apparently didn't approve of me, telling the two women I was 'a red necked cowboy from Idaho with a big dick' (more or less true although she left out math geek which was my other major interest beyond sex at that age).
But her objection was not so much the sex as it was the need for Sandra to maintain appearances of being betrothed to Andrew, son of another prominent Mormon family who was away on his mission. The rule seemed to be that Sandra could screw me at her sister-in-law Lauren's apartment every Thursday night but she wasn't to acknowledge my existence on campus. And as to Lauren she needed to be a good Mormon wife in an upper crust Mormon family when she was in Salt Lake but when in Provo working as a part time post-doc biology research assistant she could revert to her hippy self and pursue her second career as an abstract erotic artist. Appearances were everything to Jane.
In addition I had learned when I went to my Sister's home in Idaho Falls for Christmas that my family was not what I believed them to be. My Father was spending much of his time (including Christmas) with his lover and her two children in Idaho Falls while my Mother resided in our small-town family home with her two lovers, my Uncle Lou and his wife Sherry, all of which was carefully hidden from the public and, up until to then, from me. The extra marital relationships had existed for several years. On my return to Provo I spent several days waiting for the dormitories to reopen entertaining myself during that period by studying some advanced mathematics I had intended to read up on during the break and posing nude for Lauren before and after some very creative sex.
Oh yes, and on the side I had gotten straight As and learned to like coffee and where to find it in Provo, Utah (no minor task). Sandra and Lauren referred to me as their Idaho Cowboy/Math Geek. My family didn't communicate much but they kept paying the tuition. The other key accomplishment was replacing my $1.25 an hour part time dish washing job with a job paying considerably more working as a nude model for Lauren.
In short I had learned that people are frequently not at all what they seem to be and that I could make more money with my clothes off than on. Not really astounding revelations to most folks but they were to me.
I expected that my Thursday nights with Sandra at her sister-in-law's apartment would pick up where they had left off at the end of the Fall semester, an hour or so of tutoring Sandra in calculus (usually badly distracted by Sandra's playing footsie under the table and gradually disrobing), a few hours of screwing and then, once we were satiated, a quick, focused review of the calculus lesson without the distraction of impending sex. But that isn't how it worked out.
We had barely begun the first Thursday evening's calculus lesson (basically a review of everything from the prior semester most of which Sandra had managed to repress like a bad dream) when we heard the key in the lock and Lauren walked in.
"I thought you would be in Salt Lake by now?" Sandra said.
"I changed the nanny's schedule so I don't have to be home for a few more hours. I thought you two would need some help with calculus."
Sandra and I broke out laughing. The only math Lauren knew was just enough arithmetic to allow her to check the statements that accompanied the remissions on sales of her paintings in New York by the gallery that represented her. How she had gotten through a doctoral degree in Biology was a mystery to us although I have often wondered if it might not have involved a lot of sex with her PhD advisor and the members of her thesis reviewing panel.
"Just go ahead," she said as she sat on the couch. "If Richard gets stuck on some point I'll help out."
Lauren was wearing her work clothes. By that I mean the conservative grey skirt, nylons, well ironed white blouse, a string of pearls, and heels she wore for her office hours at the University or while in Salt Lake. Normally the heels were low ones but today they were tall, shiny black, stilettos, a noticeable deviation from her standard conservative uniform. Still her dress was nothing like the paint-stained T-shirt and torn jeans she normally wore in her apartment of the studio next door.
She sat down on the sofa crossing her long legs (she was almost six feet tall) and tugging at the hem of her skirt so it rose well up her thighs. Sandra had her back to Lauren, but I noticed immediately, pausing for a moment in my attempt to explain how the integral calculus which we were going to study this semester differed from the principals of differential calculus we had studied last semester. Women usually tug their skirts down rather than up. That plus the stilettoes made me wonder what her agenda was. I didn't have to wonder for long.
Lauren's eyes had that narrowed cat look she got when she was trying to seduce someone. As I continued to talk trying to respond to Sandra's confused questions, Lauren was slowly unbuttoning her blouse exposing the white lacy bra that held her large soft breasts. The white blouse and bra contrasted beautifully against her flawless olive skin. As I watched her I could feel my cock growing in my pants. Once her blouse was fully open, she pulled the tails from her skirt and leaned forward letting the blouse fall off her shoulders so it lay behind her on the couch. Putting her arms behind her back she released the catch on her bra. She let the straps hang over her shoulders maintaining the coverage of the bra cups over her tits. She put a long finger to her lips, cocking her head to one side as if asking me what she should do now. Then she dragged the finger slowly down her throat and upper chest until it came to rest between the bra cups. Tugging with the finger she slowly pulled the bra straps off her shoulders and let the bra fall to her lap fully releasing her large soft breasts. After she tossed the bra to the side Lauren put her hands beneath her breasts and held them out to me, rubbing her dark nipples with her thumbs as she did so.
I had taken one hand off the table and was rubbing my almost fully erect cock through my trousers. I really had no idea whether what I was telling Sandra about integral calculus made any sense at all.
Then to my surprise Lauren tucked the bra between the cushions of the couch and put the blouse back on leaving it closed with a single button so it only sort of covered her tits. Show time over, I wondered? That didn't seem likely with Lauren. I raised my eyebrows in a question, which fortunately Sandra missed as she was head down trying to manipulate a calculus function on a page of paper.
Lauren responded with a lascivious smile and rose from the couch saying, "Excuse me for a moment." Her heels clattered noisily on the hardwood floor and her tits bounced deliciously beneath the blouse as she walked from the room. Sandra, her head down, was still struggling with her calculus and paid no attention whatsoever to Lauren. After a brief absence Lauren returned with no noticeable change—same grey A-line skirt that dropped to just below her knees; same white blouse unbuttoned and barely covering her breasts; same oh so conservative string of pearls she wore; same killer tall heels that clattered on the hard wood floor. Her breasts were swinging lustily beneath the blouse, but she hadn't worn a bra when she left the room, so that wasn't a change. Why had she left so briefly I wondered? But as she again reclined in the couch again tugging the hem of her skirt higher on her thighs I realized what had changed—her hosiery was gone. My perennially dirty mind immediately wondered whether her panties had been shed along with the hosiery.
"Quick trip," I said looking at Lauren.
"Just a minor adjustment," she responded.
Sandra, realizing I was talking to Lauren looked quickly over her shoulder, failing to notice that the blouse was no longer buttoned, and just as quickly, returned her attention to her work.
Lauren opened her blouse again and spent some time flaunting her tits at me. My dick, which had softened a bit when Lauren left the room, sprang to attention again.
I was rubbing my cock in response. Then she reached into the big satchel she carried with her and pulled out a sketch pad.
What's she going to draw, I wondered?
I didn't have to wonder for long. She scribbled something on the page and then flipped it over to show me. It said, "I'm horny."
Duh, I thought. I knew that already. With Sandra facing me and asking occasional questions about calculus I was powerless to respond beyond a wink when Sandra looked down at the book in front of her.
Lauren picked up one foot and hooked the long, spiked, heel on the couch. She spread her other leg to one side and then let the bent knee fall away pushing her skirt almost to her waist and leaving her sex fully exposed. As I stared she began using her fingertips to slowly stroke the insides of her thighs in the lewdest possible fashion. I could see her swollen pussy lips and gleaming sex through her dark bush. Oh yes, she certainly is horny, I thought. It was getting harder and harder for me to concentrate on the calculus.
Again she scribbled a note for me on the sketch pad, "Is your dick hard?"
I nodded my head.
Another note, "Pull it out." She licked her lips as I read the note.
Lauren reclined to the side her head on the arm of the couch, still behind Sandra but now in a position which allowed her to look under the table and see my cock when I released it from its bondage in my pants.
This is obscene, I thought. My fly was open, my pants and underwear pushed to my thighs and I was stroking my engorged cock. Lauren was lying back, her head on the arm of the couch allowing her to see under the table. She had one foot on the back of the couch and the other on the floor, a hand rubbing her nipples and another stroking her sex. Deliciously obscene.
This went on for at least 15 minutes, each of us slowly and casually masturbating while Sandra struggled with her calculus. Eventually Lauren began to feel guilty, or more likely on the edge of a noisy orgasm. She rose to her feet, slipped her blouse and skirt off, and stood, naked but for the string of pearls and the killer black stiletto pumps. One long finger lay alongside her lips as though deciding what to do next. She reached behind her head and released the knot that held her long dark hair letting it fall and shaking it out. Pushing her hair back so it all fell behind her back she thrust her chest out towards me. Lauren was making me so horny I wanted to jump across the table and assault her.
After a long thoughtful wait (mostly designed to tease me I thought) she stepped silently behind Sandra. She leaned forward, her long, shiny, black, hair falling over Sandra's head and shoulders, and softly said, "Sandra that's enough calculus. It's time to fuck now."
Sandra's head popped up from her book, her eyes wide. She spun in her chair to see her naked sister-in-law standing behind her. "What?"
Then her head spun back so she was looking at me. I pushed away from the table so she could see me stroking my erect cock.
"What the fuck have you two been doing?"
"Not calculus," Lauren said with a smirk.
Sandra looked back at me and demanded, "Have you two been masturbating? Behind my back?
"Only Lauren was behind your back. I was right in front of you."
Lauren spoke up, "Would you care to join us? We'd love it if you would."
"But you will have to take your clothes off first," I added.
Sandra's head was spinning back and forth between us, not sure whether to be pissed or anxious to join us.
"Maybe we need to smoke some weed first," Lauren offered. "You've been working pretty hard on that calculus."
"You two are perverts," Sandra said, trying to sound pissed but unable to hide a smile.
"Yes but you knew that already," Lauren said. "So what's it going to be little sister. Are you going to sit there being pissed off or join us in some really excellent weed and in getting ourselves off."
Sandra was laughing now. "You two are such perverts, she repeated. "Sure get the joint and let's get all fucked up and then get off. That sounds much better than calculus."
Sandra and I stripped each other's clothes off with some delicious fondling while Lauren went to get the joint she had hidden elsewhere. She had joints hidden all over the apartment, which was good since she could never remember where she had hidden them. but if you felt the need for one it was simply a matter of looking in all the obvious hiding places a searching cop would look at. In the early 1970s Utah cops were still enforcing marijuana laws so Lauren made at least a nominal effort to keep it hidden.
The three of us sat naked on the couch with me between the two girls while we shared the marijuana. Once good and stoned we sat opposite each other and slowly stroked whatever felt good to stroke until we brought ourselves to an orgasm. I have always loved watching a woman masturbate and watching two masturbate is all the better.
Lauren lay gasping. When she recovered enough to speak she said, "You know I'm way too stoned to drive back to Salt Lake tonight. I better call my hubby. Her phone call with her husband, Ben was very upfront, "Hi lover. Are the kids in bed . . . Oh I'm sorry he was naughty, but you know he can be that way when he wants to stay up. But he's okay now? . . . Good. Listen Hon. I've been helping Richard as he tutors Sandra in calculus . . . No it's not a lost cause . . . and no it's not a joke either. I've been very helpful. . . . But anyway, when we finished with the calculus we did some weed and . . . well I just don't think I should be driving home tonight. . . . What? Richard's big what? . . . Well yes that might have something to do with it too. . . You know Ben sometimes these two kids just need a little help. . . . Okay. You're sweet dear . . . Now go to bed. I promise I'll leave here early and be home in time to fix breakfast for you and the kids before school and work and suck your cock before I start cooking."
We spent the night in bed trading partners in every way we could think of and Lauren, true to her word to Ben, left the apartment about 5:30 in the morning to go home and suck her husband's cock and then fix breakfast for Ben and the children before he had to go to work and they to school. Sandra and I made love one more time after Lauren left and then fell asleep, barely waking up in time to make a 10:00 o'clock English Literature class.
My modeling work for Lauren had to be on Wednesdays and Thursdays since those were her regularly scheduled working days at the BYU bio-lab. She started early but was done by 3:00 p.m. My Wednesday and Thursday classes were done by 3:00 leaving the rest of both days to pose for Lauren and tutor Sandra in calculus. My real schoolwork was getting done the rest of the week. I also needed those days to recover from the amount of sex with Lauren and Sandra that was required on Wednesdays and Thursdays.
On a Thursday afternoon in mid-February I was late getting to Lauren's studio. Walking in I found a pair of very attractive naked women; Lauren, who was frequently naked when I modeled for her (she felt she painted better if she was naked or even better naked and stoned), and Sandra, who I hadn't expected until later in the day for her calculus tutoring.
Finding Lauren and Sandra naked wasn't that surprising. It happened a lot. The unusual aspect was that both women were seated on simple wooden chairs and tightly bound and gagged, their hands behind the chair back and their legs spread and feet tied to the back legs of the chairs so they were trussed in an obscenely spread position.
There was also a tall male about Lauren's age. He was handsome to a fault wearing a dark grey suit; creases in the trousers like a knife edge; shoes shined to a gleam that could put your eyes out; and dark hair so precisely trimmed it had to be one of those haircuts you had done at least once a week. He looked like a movie star, albeit one who played the part of a bad guy more often than not.
"Ah you must be Richard," he said as he stepped forward and extended his hand. "I've heard a great deal about you. Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Ben."
I guess my eyes got wide because he continued, "Yes that Ben, her brother (gesturing at Sandra) and her husband (gesturing at Lauren)." His tone was sinister.
"Uhm. Hello." I was wondering how much trouble I was in.
"I had to come down here this afternoon on business and I decided that perhaps we should meet since you have been screwing my wife and my sister regularly. Don't worry," he continued. "I'm not going to beat you up or pull out a gun and shoot you. We don't do that kind of thing in our family."
"Oh good. What do you do? I mean in your family . . . ah . . . I mean about this sort of thing?"
"Well what do you do about it in your family? After all you are good Mormons just like us."
"Uhm . . . well . . . That's kind of complicated."
He laughed. "Yes it is isn't it. Lauren and Sandra told me all about it. Before I gagged them this afternoon. Were you traumatized when you found out what pervs your parents and aunt and uncle were?"
"Well I was at first. But when I thought about it I decided it wasn't all that different from the things Sandra had told me about her family . . . your family. Then Lauren and I talked and I decided that people just have to do what they need to do to satisfy their passions."
He smiled, "You mean like fucking a horny, red necked, cowboy from Idaho because he has a big dick?"
"Maybe. . . .Yeah I guess. . . . Maybe." I wasn't doing well in this conversation.
"Actually the girls here say you are more of a math geek than a cowboy. But they agree that you have a big dick. And that you are a great fuck."
"Math is easy," I said. "Cows are hard, dirty, work."
"Yeah, I suppose it is. I've never tried it. How about fucking other men's women? Is that hard, dirty, work?"
"No not hard at all, but sometimes it's dirty, especially with Lauren." Was I going too far, I wondered?
He laughed. "Well I don't do my sister. I do have some limits. But I agree that Lauren can be nasty sometimes. We all have our kinks. Hers can be fun. But I guess you know that."
As he spoke he began to undress—suit coat off and lain neatly folded on a table; necktie off and wet atop the suit jacket; dress shirt off and folded alongside the jacket; suit pants off and carefully folded atop the jacket and tie; gleaming shoes off with socks tucked neatly in each shoe and set side by side in a corner next to the suit. At this point I could see that he had a huge boner beneath his boxers. Oh shit. Was this guy going to rape me, I worried?
"Now Richard. What do you think we should do with this afternoon? I only have so much time. I must get back to Salt Lake and take over from our nanny." He laughed. "Usually on Thursdays I try to get home before the kids get back from school so I can have a quickie with our nanny. She is a great piece. Isn't she dear?" he said looking at Lauren.
Lauren nodded rolling her eyes. I took that to mean that perhaps Lauren had sex with the nanny in addition to Ben. Apparently the job had fringe benefits, if you liked that sort of thing.
"So what shall we do with the little time I have left?" he repeated, ending my speculation about the nanny.
"Well usually this is when I take my clothes off and model for Lauren," I responded
"That's it? You just model? The way I hear it is she makes a few sketches and then you fuck her. Am I right about that?"
"Ahh. Sometimes."
"What about Sandra. Do also you fuck her at these modeling sessions? Or is that just for the calculus tutoring?"
"Ahh. Sometimes. If she is here. Yeah, usually both."
I looked over at Lauren and realized to my surprise that she was very aroused. Her dark nipples were swollen and I could see her gleaming pussy lips through her bush. When I looked at Sandra she was the same. They were getting incredibly turned on by this situation.
"Well Richard, let me tell you what we are going to do. This may surprise you. I mean after all I am a Mormon banker, a paragon of virtue, but I like to watch other men fuck my women . . . my wife, my sister, even my mother. I think we should spend the brief time we have remaining with me watching you fuck my sister and my wife. Is that idea okay with you Richard? Are you willing to fuck my women for me, just like you do every Wednesday and Thursday afternoon?"
I nodded yes, hoping I wasn't signing my own death warrant.
He looked over at Lauren and Sandra and asked, "What about you two? Do you want this red necked cowboy's big dick in your cunts while I watch this afternoon? How about it ladies?"
They both nodded yes. Sandra's eyes were large, but Lauren had that slitty eyed look she got when she was very horny and trying to seduce someone.
"Okay. Great. So here's how we're going to do this. First we need to get your dick good and hard son. This has probably been a little intimidating for you."
No shit, I thought.
"So I'm going to take the girls' gags off and you are going to stand in front of each of them and let her suck your dick. They'll still be tied up. I kind of like them that way, but I want to watch them get you hard. Now you need to get naked. You're the only person in the room with clothes on."
I took my clothes off and was about to step up to Lauren when Ben spoke up again, "Wait a minute Richard. There's one more thing. Your hands need to be tied behind your back."
"What?"
"You don't mind I hope. I'm kind of into rope. Actually, the whole family is. Except maybe this kid Andrew that Sandra has gone and got herself betrothed to. We're none of us quite sure what he is into. So far he shows no sign of interest in anything the rest of us recognize as sex." Sandra was violently shaking her head.
"Yeah, yeah Sandra," Ben said looking over at his sister. "We all know you don't like him either. It's all Jane's idea. My god the way our Mother looks at it you would think this kid was the second coming of Brigham Young."
"But enough of our family problems. Get over here and let me tie you up Richard. I want to watch you put this legendary big dick of yours to work on these two women and I am running out of time." When I stepped over to him I noticed that his dick was about three-quarters erect. This really was a turn on for him.
After tying my hands behind my back he removed each woman's gag and then sat stroking his cock as he watched first his sister and then his wife suck on my cock.
As soon as the gags were released each woman called Ben several profane names, but they both did a great job sucking my cock with no hands. It was a little awkward at first because my cock wasn't fully erect. The conversation with Ben had been more than a little intimidating. But Sandra did a great job of bobbing her head down until she could slurp my dangling partially engorged cock into her mouth. It looked a bit like bobbing for apples. But once Sandra had my cock in her talented mouth she quickly brought me to full erection. When I shifted to Lauren there was no problem with maintaining my erection for easy access.
I wanted to use my hands to grab their heads and fuck their faces, but with my hands tied . . . well you can't have everything and I was still getting a great blow job; no two great blow jobs. In no time at all I was hard as a rock. I looked over at Ben a couple of times and noticed that he was fully erect also, standing there stroking a very impressive looking cock. I'm not much into to comparing dicks but he might well have been just a bit bigger than me.
There was a worktable on one side of the studio. Once both girls had sucked my cock for a period Ben deemed adequate (could have gone on forever for me) he untied each of them and then retied each one to the table, her face down, feet on the floor and arms linked and tied beneath the table. They were on opposite ends of the worktable each bent over at the waist but standing with legs spread and pussy exposed. My job was to step up behind each girl and fuck her ferociously. Ben even untied my hands for this so I could administer a few sharp slaps to the buttocks of each. We were all so horny by this time that no one objected to the extreme perverted entertainment we were providing to Ben. He stood to the side and continue to stroke his huge boner.
I fucked each woman until she reached a climax. Then Ben untied her and she returned to the chair she had been tied down in. Sandra was first and then Lauren who had a strong climax with a lot of swearing much of it aimed at Ben for being such an asshole.
By the time Lauren finished Ben was fully dressed and headed for the door. There was still a large tent in his pants.
"Hey, wait," I said loudly. "Ben, did you get off?"
"No," he replied. "I'm saving it for the nanny. She knows that if she has the kids in bed by the time I get home she is going to get laid. She thinks it's a secret from Lauren but that just makes it better for her."
"You are such an asshole Ben," Lauren said.
He grinned and said, "I know. That's why you love me."
Once Ben was out the door, both women apologized for their perverted relation and then quickly brought me to a climax with their mouths which I sprayed all over their tits.
Once I quit gasping for breath I collapsed into the old couch and said, "My god you two. What the hell was all that about?"
Sandra sniggered and then both girls began laughing so hard they were holding their sides. Finally Lauren spoke up saying, "Welcome to the family Richard. None of us are quite what we appear to be."
Sandra said, "Oh and just so you know, I kind of get a kick out of that rope business. I think Lauren does to don't you Lauren?"
"Yeah it's not bad. But I like it better when I am the one tying others up."
From there we moved back to the apartment and spent the rest of the evening drinking cheap wine while the girls told me stories of the perverted members of their greater family. When we finally went to bed (all three of us in one bed) I told Sandra that we would have to get up early so we could study calculus. She groaned but she got up at 6:30 and worked at it until about 8:30 when we made love. We barely got to our 10:00 o'clock English Lit class. Staying awake was tough as there hadn't been much sleep the night before.
Things went along smoothly enough until BYU's Spring Break. By smoothly enough, I mean I was having sex regularly with each of Sandra and Lauren, sometimes the two of them together, the modeling was going well enough, and it certainly paid better than washing dishes in the dormitory. I had aced the midterm exams in all my classes and there didn't seem to be any more family angst from Sandra and her relatives. How good could life get, I thought?
Spring Break brought more changes; more information I hadn't known about people who were not what they seemed. This time it was my relatives rather than Sandra's. For Spring Break I had decided to get on a Greyhound and go home, well at least to my Sister's place in Idaho Falls. I had coffee with my Father again. No new news there other than a long description of his plans to combine the feed and grain store he was running in Idaho Falls with the one he already owned at home in some form of convoluted partnership and to follow-up on that by acquiring a few more similar stores in small town Eastern Idaho.
He also told me that my Mother wanted to tell me her side of the story and he loaned me his pick-up to make the 50-mile drive to the small town I had grown up in and where my mother and her lovers, Lou and Sherry, were living. I left Idaho Falls early so it was only about 9:00 by the time I pulled into the gravel parking area before my old home. There were still patches of snow on the ground. The town I was raised in lies on the Snake River plain. It is flat unlike the rugged mountains that surround it but that far east it is pretty high, nearly 5,000 feet. Spring comes late in that country.
It was a weekday when I arrived so Lou was at the family feed and grain store and Sherry had gone out to her and Lou's ranch for some unexplained reason.
After a brief hug Mom said, "It's too cold to sit on the porch. Let's sit here in the kitchen where it's warm. There is a lot to talk about."
"Yeah I guess there is."
"Do you drink coffee now?" she asked.
"Yes, and I wish I had bought a cup before I left Idaho Falls (Idaho Falls is a predominantly Mormon town but not like Provo. Even in those days there were a couple of places in town where you could get a coffee to go without having to use a secret password)."
"Let me make us some fresh. What I made this morning is cold."
"You drink coffee now Mom?"
She laughed. "Yeah. And there are a lot of things around here that have changed or that you didn't know about before you left. That's what we need to talk about." While Mom brewed up coffee I took a seat at the kitchen table where Dad used to help me with my homework. Once we were seated with coffee before us my mother sat in silence obviously trying to choose her words.
"I don't know how to start apologizing to you. Your father and I . . ."
"Wait Mom. I don't think you and Dad owe me any apology. What you and Dad choose to do with your sex lives is strictly your business. It's not up to me. It's not up to my sister Karen. And it's certainly not up to all these busy bodies who live around you and would love to gossip and worse about how you and Dad have chosen to live your lives. I've learned a lot about people since I've been away and one thing I've come to believe is that a person's decisions about their sex life is their decision and no one else's. Even your partners have to respect what you decide."
"My haven't you grown up. It's a shame that the rest of the people in this narrow-minded little town can't grow up like that. I really wasn't going to apologize for the decisions your Father and I and your Aunt and Uncle have made. As you say. Those are our decisions to make and I'm glad to hear that you respect that.
"What I wanted to apologize for was keeping it all a secret from you. You shouldn't have had to find out from your sister at Christmas the way you did."
I chuckled. "Yeah it did come as a bit of a surprise but I recognize your need for secrecy." I shook my head. "If the blue nosed characters in this town found out how you and Dad and Uncle Lou and Sherry are living they would probably excommunicate you from the Church and drive 70 miles to Rexburg to buy the things you sell in the store. It would break you. Also in a town like this if you aren't in the Church you are a nobody. I knew a couple of kids like that in school. They were treated terribly, as if they were invisible."
"So you're not mad about our keeping it a secret?"
"Not at all. But tell me, how long have you and Dad been drinking coffee and keeping that a secret. I never had any before I had some in Idaho Falls over Christmas with Dad. I enjoy it, but it's hard to find in Provo.
"Well that's not a surprise in Provo," she responded. "Perhaps your Dad and I should have let you go to Berkeley. I imagine Provo is pretty stiff-necked."
"No. no. BYU is fine. I can go to Cal for graduate school if I want." I didn't want to get into a discussion about what it was that I was enjoying about BYU and Provo (that is Sandra and Lauren).
"The coffee? For years," she said with a laugh. "That was another one of Sherry's ideas. While you were still around we used to have coffee up at the Ranch or Lou or Sherry would bring a thermos of fresh coffee down for us. Lot a trouble to go to to hide a coffee habit from your kids."
"Hmmm. What other ideas did Sherry have?"
"Are you asking about our lifestyle?"
"Yes, but don't tell me about anything you don't want to talk about."
"No. no. I don't mind telling you at all. After all now that we are no longer keeping secrets you are part of the family. It didn't all start with Sherry. Your Dad and I had a great sex life for years. But a few years after you and Karen were born our sex life just went flat and we couldn't figure out why. Neither one of us was getting anything out of our relationship with the other. At least not sexually. We still got along fine, but the pizzazz of the sex was gone and we both missed it. Then your father started a relationship with Christine, his friend in Idaho Falls. They met at a Church function. Dad was pretty active in the Church in those days."
I laughed.
"What's so funny?"
"Just the idea of my zealous Mormon father preaching the Church values while he was having a secret affair with another woman."
"It happens," Mom said. "Way more than anyone in the Church wants to admit."
"I know," I said, thinking of Sandra and her family.
"But your Dad felt so guilty about it he told me everything. At first I was furious, but eventually I decided that I shouldn't object. At least one of us was getting laid and enjoying it. That's what I told him in those exact words. But I told him that if he could cheat like that then I could too. We both agreed, but we knew we had to keep it a secret or the old blue nosed characters in this town would run us out on a rail."
"The problem was that I didn't have a lover. I had never been with anyone but your father and I didn't know where to start. That's where Sherry came in," she said with a laugh and a shake of her head. "Sherry and I had been close friends for years just as Lou and your Dad were. Lou knew what was going on but Sherry didn't. Her first reaction was to be pissed at your Dad for cheating and pissed at Lou for not telling her.
"Once I talked her down off the ceiling and convinced her that your Dad and I were in agreement on having outside lovers she calmed down and then I went on to explain my desire for a lover of my own and how hard that would be in a small town.
"That's when I learned some things about Sherry I hadn't known. She told me that before she met Lou she had a lesbian relationship with a roommate in college. She also told me that when she and Lou married they had agreed that she could have women lovers from time to time so long as the relationships were discreet." Mom paused for a moment and then said, "That was when my sister-in-law propositioned me."
"And you said yes?" I asked.
"Well not right away. It was more of a seduction. Sherry's pretty good at seduction."
"And when did all this occur," I asked.
She blushed a little. "It was a few years before you left for college. Hiding what we were doing from teen age children is just about as hard as hiding an affair from a spouse."
She paused for a moment taking a sip of her coffee. "Actually your Aunt Sherry is just about one of the horniest women I've ever known. For Sherry the whole world revolves around sex. Whose getting it and who isn't, and why or why not. Who she's had it with and how often. And of course all the details of any particular sexual encounter." Mom shook her head. Before continuing. "Some people obsess about religion, some about politics, and some about sports, but a lot of people's lives revolve around sex. Sherry is just one of those. We love her, but my god she has a dirty mind. She can get very graphic sometimes."
I didn't know how to respond to that new piece of information so I just tried to steer back to the original story line. "And what about Lou?" I asked.
"Well he walked in on us one afternoon and instead of getting mad he just asked if he could join in. Sherry said sure and looked at me. I thought for a minute and said, 'Yeah I still like men so take off your clothes and get in bed with us.' He did. That was five years ago and it seems to work fine."
"And what about Christine?" I asked.
"You mean your father's lover? She's like Sherry—a good Mormon on the outside and horny as hell on the inside. Once her husband got himself killed in a car wreck there was no way she was going to get by without sex, so she and your father were made for each other."
"But does she know about you and Sherry and Lou?"
"Absolutely. Since you went away to college she comes up here for a visit occasionally; when she can get a babysitter for her kids, you know. The first time she and your Dad came up together it pretty much turned into an orgy. I even had sex with your Dad that weekend and enjoyed it. But we agreed later that it was way too late to put that genie back in the bottle, so mostly your Dad and Christine are in Idaho Falls and Lou and Sherry and I are here." She paused for a moment and chuckled. "It's kind of odd when we all five go to Church on Sunday morning and are struggling not to be grinning about how much fun we had the night before."
I sat in silence for a minute or two. Finally I said, "So let me get this straight: You, Dad, Lou, Sherry, and Christine all present yourselves to the world as good law-abiding Mormons who live the Church's values, but in secret you have orgies involving all five of you?"
"Yup. That's pretty much it," said Sherry from behind us. Mom and I hadn't been paying attention and Sherry had been standing at the door to the kitchen listening to our conversation.
"Well don't just sit there. Come here and give your slutty Aunt a big hug."
"Sherry, That's no way to talk."
"Oh I thought we were telling the truth to my nephew now."
"We are, but . . ."
"Well if you are telling the truth you should tell him that what you actually said when you invited Lou to join us in bed was 'Yeah I still like dick so take you clothes off and get in bed with us'."
"Sherry," Mom exclaimed in outrage.
"It's true Nephew. That's what you horny Mother said to my husband when he caught the two of us in bed."
"Yeah but Sherry . . . That doesn't mean you have to tell my son the graphic details." Mom looked embarrassed but it was essentially an admission. I chuckled. So both my parents are not what they seem, I thought
I had risen from my chair and Sherry took three or four long steps across the kitchen and wrapped me up in a hug that smashed her big boobs against my chest. That was another surprise. We hadn't really been much into hugs when I was growing up. Before she was done I felt her hand lightly graze my ass.
Once she released me she took a step back looking at me from head to toe. "My god you've grown." Turning to my Mother she said, "Look what a stud your son has become. I can't believe it."
"Sit back down and let me refill the coffees and then we can talk. I want to hear about all those BYU dollies you have been balling."
Holly shit, I thought. What happened to my Aunt Sherry?
Sherry walked around the table refilling our coffee cups, brushing her boobs against my shoulder and Mom's as she leaned over us. Mom just shook her head at that, as if to say, "I told you."
Once we were all seated Sherry leaned forward showing me a good deal of cleavage compliments of a blouse that had somehow opened a button or two since she came in. "So has your mother shared all the graphic details of how I seduced her and turned her into a slut like me?"
"Sherry!" my mother squawked in outrage. "You know I wouldn't tell my son things like that."
"Well you did tell him I seduced you didn't you?"
"Yeah. I guess I did," my mother responded uncomfortably.
"And about our orgies with Christine?"
"Yeah that too," my Mother responded, her face down.
Sherry turned to me and said, "She wasn't very hard to seduce; and the orgies. My god she just jumped right in like an orgy with her relatives was nothing new to her . . ."
My Mother groaned and then said, "Enough Sherry."
Sherry ignored my Mother and kept talking to me, "Well, she was hard up. I spose you already heard about how she hadn't been getting any from your Dad for way too long and now he was getting laid by that slut down in Idaho Falls that he lives with now."
"Sherry! That's no way to talk. Christine's very nice," my Mother said.
"Yeah, especially when she's got her head between my thighs. . . or yours."
Mom was turning white now. She knew there was no stopping Sherry once she got started. In a last-ditch effort she tried to change the subject, " Sherry have you heard what great grades Richard has been getting down at BYU? Straight A student."
Sherry looked at me and said, "That's great hon. I hope you are getting laid too. You're not still a virgin are you?"
That was when I lost it and just started laughing. Finally I said, "No, Aunt Sherry, I'm not still a virgin."
"Oh good. Is she good to you? I mean is it good sex?" Mom was covering her face and I really didn't know how to respond.
There was a long silence while Sherry waited for my response. Finally for lack of any other idea I said, "It involved a banana split."
"Oh my. I'll have to think about that for a while. There are a lot of interesting possibilities there."
That was when the phone rang. It was Lou down at the Feed and Grain. One of his clerks had been taken ill and had to go home so he needed Mom to come down and help out. As she put her coat on to leave she looked at me and said, "I'll be back in a few hours. Don't let your Aunt seduce you while I'm gone."
She did of course. Right there in the kitchen in the house I had grown up in, with Sherry on her back on the kitchen table, both of us naked, her legs in the air while I pounded away at her and she groaned and cried and screamed about what a great cock I had and how it was just like my Dad's and my Uncle Lou's cocks. I hadn't had any sex since I left Provo so when I finished I just flooded her with my cum. Then I seemed to get hard again almost immediately so we went one more round with me fucking her from behind as she leaned over the kitchen table. I didn't tell my mother about it when she returned from the Feed and Grain. Just gave her a hug before I left to drive back to Idaho Falls.
Later as I was driving home across the desert to the north of Idaho Falls I thought about what a strange day it had been. Learning first from my Mother in polite terms, and then from my Aunt in much more graphic detail about what a family of perverts I was a part of; and then fucking my Aunt on our kitchen table, pretty much confirming I was as perverted as the rest of them. She really was a good fuck. Mom was right. Sherry was very horny. I think I made her cum four or five times before Mom got home about four o'clock. Sex with her was at least as good as Sandra and Lauren. "But really Richard, fucking your own Aunt. What kind of pervert are you becoming?" I asked myself.
Before I left for Provo the next day I told my sister about what I had learned during my visit home (leaving out the part about fucking Sherry). She said, "No surprises there. But just so you know little brother, I'm not participating in their orgies."
"It's nice to know that I have one relative who still lives with the values we were raised with."
"Yup . . ." she said and before she could continue one of her kids came running into the room screaming and crying with a scrape or a scratch. We never returned to the conversation. Later I would learn, from Sherry, that Karen's 'Yup' was a lie. She had been having a year-long affair with the fellow that owned the insurance agency she worked for, a Bishop in the Church. She just wasn't involved with the rest of our family.
People just aren't what they seem.