"Hi, Linda. You're early again. Where's Eric." Sandi, the young, blue-haired college intern, greeted me.
"Good morning, girl. Eric's checking a noise from the car he heard on the way here. Is warming up and practicing new poses before people arrive okay?" It was quarter past nine, and the Art League open figure drawing session started at ten.
"It's fine with me. Everyone's talking about your last session. They say it was your best. The practice pays off." Sandi gave me the keys. "I'm busy here; get them back before the session starts. Studio Three, as always."
"Thanks, Sandi." I took the keys and turned to the gallery door, held open by Eric. He waved to Sandi, and we walked into the courtyard.
Eric and I started modeling for the Art League two years ago when we moved to Texas from New Orleans. We met six years ago in northern California, married soon after, and modeled as a sideline to our geology studies and, later, our jobs.
"Did you find the noise?"
"Caught a palm frond on the rear axle. I pulled it out, an easy fix. Sandi doesn't mind our practicing?"
"Not at all. She told me everyone said the last session was our best."
We walked through the garden courtyard and turned along the landscaped path to Studio Three.
"Your poses were so sexy I worried we pushed it too far, and someone might have complained."
"The poses weren't as problematic as fucking in the toilet on the last break. I didn't clean your cum from my pussy. It streamed down my thighs, and several artists noticed." I unlocked the door and entered the studio, setting the keys on the table by the door.
The Art League is located on a busy mid-town street. It initially comprised four tiny houses built in the 1930s. They demolished two to provide parking areas and gallery and admin building space. The other two homes were extensively remodeled to create 20x30 ft. art studios by demolishing the interior walls. The entrance is on a shorter wall.
"Let's strip and get to work." I pulled my sunflower print summer dress over my head and left it on the floor by the door. I never wear underclothes before modeling.
The door looks across the length of the studio. The model stand is straight ahead and centered on the long right-side wall. A portable screen inside the door blocks a direct view of the model stand from outside when the door is open. There's one window next to the door and two more along the long wall to the left. The wall at the studio's far end has a counter, a small appliance kitchen setup, cabinets to store props and materials, and the door to a small toilet. It's a well-equipped space for the needs of Art League classes.
"Don't we need to get the keys back to Sandi?"
"Only before the session starts. We have a half-hour before people arrive, and I don't want to waste time."
I wanted as much time nude and exposed as possible. Usually, we undress in the restroom and wear robes. Today we didn't bring our robes, a trick we'd learned to spend more time naked. We left the studio door open, and Eric piled his clothes on top of mine.
The model stand is 7x4 ft. and elevated two feet. It used to be smaller, but Eric and I needed more space for our poses. When I'm on the stand, with the blinds open, I can see across the street to the convenience store and the left, back along the pathway to the gallery building and the second studio. There is a full-length mirror attached to the wall behind the model stand. Artists get multiple views without moving around. There's a small trapeze above the model stand. It's strong enough to support a model's arms overhead during a long pose.
"God, your body feels great." Eric hugged me when we were nude. His warm arms and hands slid over my back, sides, and ass.
I caressed his liberated but soft cock. "You shaved extra close this morning."
His shaving complements his 6'1" tall ballet dancer body. I'm a couple of inches shorter and verging on plus-sized. I shave my inner thighs and pussy lips to a straight line across the top of my clit hood. Otherwise, I have an all-natural, brown-haired triangle of curly pubic hair. With ample breasts, a bit of a tummy, and curvy hips, Eric loves to press his face between my cheeks and thighs to devour whatever he finds there.
"I'll start opening the mini-blinds. We need some light." I began to the right while Eric started at the door.
The proctors close the blinds and doors during the sessions, preserving the model's modesty. We're unabashed exhibitionists and open every blind we can, hoping to be seen. During the day, there wasn't much anyone could see from the street, but I always wished someone would get an unexpected, voyeuristic thrill.
During our practice, we pull the stage out from the wall and use the mirror to see our poses from the artist's point of view. Moving the stand puts it in the center of the room, and people outside can see us from the courtyard path to the studio.
"What do you want to work on today?" Eric finished moving the stand.
I reached for his cock. "First, do me doggie style. I want to see us in the mirror." I kneeled on all fours, where I could see our reflections, and watched him walk on his knees between my spread legs.
"Ass or cunt?" Eric offered the choice.
"Pussy first, ass later, maybe." He bent over, and I felt his tongue glide over my vulva. I didn't need more moisture. The possibility of being caught while fucking got my juices flowing.
He replaced his tongue with his cockhead in my slit and pushed until his thighs pressed against my ass, filling me. I watched in the mirror as he pulled out and thrust in a few times before feeling eager to continue our practice.
"I'm sorry, honey, but I want to practice two poses, and we're running out of time. It's your turn on your hands and knees."
"Your wish is my command." I watched as he slowly pulled out. I love the look of my labia stretched out by his cock as he withdraws.
"We've got to do this during a session. It's been so long since Bethany's class in New Orleans." I stood and looked at Eric. "Point your butt to the mirror."
He scooted around on his knees and leaned to all fours. "I think we're close. Marci lets me get hard during our poses and allows more intimate contact. You said Sandi liked our last session."
I tried one variation, sitting sidesaddle on Eric's pelvis, facing ninety degrees to his left. I leaned to my right, resting my arm on his shoulder. There were many inspiring negative spaces, but my legs were closed, and my cunt, was hidden. "This won't do. I can't see anything wet and pink."
I straddled my husband's hips, sitting on the top of his ass, and raised my thighs along his sides, riding him like a racehorse jockey. I leaned forward to rest on Eric's back with my forearms, pushing my breasts together. I turned my head to look back at the mirror. "This is more like it. My butt's sticking out, spreading my ass cheeks. If you look under your body, can you see the mirror?" He dropped his head.
"Yeah. Your pussy looks very fuckable, but it's not subtle."
"I'm tired of subtle and want to fuck in front of a group again. It's been too long. We've got time for another pose before people arrive."
I slid off Eric's back and laid on my left side, supporting my head with my left hand. I bent my left knee, the bottom one, to keep me upright and the right one, the upper one, into a raised, open triangle. I put my right foot next to my left knee, leaving me spread wide and my cunt accessible.
"Slide in behind me, honey." Eric snuggled up behind me on his left side, spooning me. He extended his left arm behind my head to support his body. With his left leg bent and nestled behind mine and his right leg raised like mine, I watched in the mirror as he reached for my right breast and squeezed my nipple. "You always know exactly what I want."
"We've had a few years of practice."
We used the mirror to snuggle and juggle around, moving into an artistically interesting pose and getting comfortable enough to hold it awhile. Eric's cock naturally landed on my left leg, touching my pussy. He didn't remain soft for long.
"God, that's great. Lots of negative triangular space and contrapposto," Eric whispered. "I'm getting hard again and can't hide my cock in this pose. It'll push up against the underside of your pussy, and you'll look like you have a dick."
"That would be interesting. Should I wear my strap-on? But don't cheat by looking in the mirror; keep looking in my eyes. We have a few more minutes for practice. I'll find somewhere to hide your lovely cock."
I felt between my legs, matched the angle of my hips to Eric's, and pushed the tip of his cock against my vulva. He grew and glided inside without my help. I moved my hand to rest on his thigh as he filled me. I glanced at our reflection in the mirror and gave him a squeeze of filled satisfaction.
As I looked back at Eric, I saw Sandi leaving the gallery. I hoped she'd go to the other studio, but she turned in our direction, walking up the path toward us. The fear of being seen like this, nude on the stage with Eric's cock buried in my cunt, sparked a lustful jolt, and without thinking, I grabbed Eric's thigh to pull him deeper into me.
Urging him on, I whispered, "You feel so good inside me, honey, don't move. Pretend this is the pose they want, and we can't break for ten more minutes."
We were moments from being caught nude and fucking on the model stand by a young woman we only knew casually. The metallic tingle rose in my throat as desire overpowered caution. I couldn't stop it; I didn't want to stop it.
"Oh honey, I can't tell you how hot this makes me feel. I want it to last all day. Trust me and keep looking into my eyes; join me for the ride. I love you so much."
Sandi stepped through the door and stared motionlessly. She took a few steps closer to us, stopped at the end of the model stand, and stared at my cock-stuffed cunt and Eric's balls resting below. "Oh shit, sorry, I came to get the keys."
Eric froze, and I squeezed his leg to keep him in me. I looked straight at Sandi, but her gaze stayed on my pussy. "Oh, Sandi, I'm so sorry. We got carried away. I thought we still had more time before the session started."
I don't know how I was so casual, but what else could I do? Being open and exposed was so exciting that it was impossible to cover up. My heart was beating hard; I might have passed out if I had tried to get up.
Sandi spoke. "Not a problem at all. I want to stay and watch, but I'm alone until the gallery opens and need to get back."
With a gentle nudge, I released my grip on Eric, and he slid out of my pussy. We turned to sit on our butts and sprawled side by side with our legs splayed. We faced Sandi and leaned back on our outstretched arms for support. She looked between my gaping cunt and Eric's hard, throbbing cock. On a whim, I reached across with my left hand, grabbed his cock, and slowly stroked it.
Sandi smiled. "I forgot to ask you guys to meet me in the gallery during your first break. The building fund committee chair, Marci, my mom, wants me to talk with you. She'll be late and said to start without her."
"We forgot our robes today; can we wait until after the session to get dressed before we come and talk with you?" Eric responded.
"No, it has to be at the first break. Judging by this, you guys don't need your robes. If you like, you can come to the gallery as you are." A sly smile formed on her lips. "By the way, I saw Joy and Sam pull into the parking lot; get ready."
She turned, picked up the keys, and returned to the gallery as if nothing unusual had happened.
"Oh, Eric, my cunt's flowing over my ass."
Eric sat up, reached over, and palmed my pussy, curling his middle finger between my wet ass cheeks. I desperately wanted to come and moved my hand to my clit before I saw Joy and Sam turn from the parking lot to the studio.
"Oh shit, they're almost here. Sandi didn't mind, but we shouldn't press our luck."
"They can't see inside the studio yet. I'll push the stand back against the wall, but we're too wet to hide what we've done." Eric turned his back to the door and pushed the model stand against the wall.
"Joy and Sam are cool with us, Marci, too." I picked our clothes up from the pile by the door and put them under the stand. "Let's hope we dry quickly."
We had run into Joy and Sam shopping a few times, and they were effusive in praise of how delightful it was to draw us. We weren't too worried about these three, as we quickly finished straightening things and sat on the model stand.
Flushed and sweaty, what we had been doing was all too clear. My shiny, drying pussy juice coated Eric's hard cock, and his pre-cum stretched in a spidery web from the tip of his cock to his hip and dripped slowly down his side. In my feeble attempt to look casual, I sat cross-legged on the platform and inadvertently exposed my open, dripping cunt and swollen pussy lips. My glistening thighs and crotch and hard nipples declared, 'we were fucking.'
"Oh god, Eric, maybe today's the day. We should consider a pose where they couldn't tell if we were fucking."
"You may be right, as always. It's a good plan. Let's work up to it for the end of the first hour."
Joy and Sam were in their mid-fifties and reminded me of Myrna Loy and Dick Powell from The Thin Man movies, elegant even when casual. They entered the studio, and neither of them took their eyes off us as they walked over and set up their drawing supplies near the end of the platform. They weren't surprised as Sandi had been. They were professional artists who scrutinized their surroundings' details, hoping to transform them into something beautiful.
"Hi, Sam, Joy," attempting a casual conversation starter. "We came in early to try some new poses. Sandi said you pulled into the parking lot, so we returned the furniture to start the session. Eric forgot the robes this morning; so sorry about this." I waved my hand to show our innocently undraped bodies.
"Oh, don't worry, Linda, it's too warm for robes." Joy headed toward the easels near the wall. "It looks like you two had a strenuous practice session. I hope we'll see the results of your efforts."
"I'm not sure the poses are ready, but we'll try to work them in. I'll tell you if we do."
We hadn't closed the window blinds, still open from our practice. Sam looked at them as he joined Joy in searching for the perfect easel. "The natural light is beautiful this morning, and I'd like to use it for today's session. What do you think, Joy?"
They looked at us, to the windows, and then back at us for another long look. "It would be perfect. We won't have any shadows if we rotate both open fully on this wall and halfway with the one near the door. As much as I sometimes like the effects the shadows produce, I feel like the unvarnished truth in full and direct light today."
After a few moments of worry, the tingle between my legs returned. They could see our apparent condition and wanted the best lighting for what I wanted; an erotically charged life-drawing session. Eric's cock, pulsing hard with each heartbeat, showed we thought alike.
I looked at Eric. "It's up to you. Should we leave the blinds open?"
A mischievous grin grew across his face. "Why don't we raise them fully and let in as much light as possible?"
Joy smiled at the suggestion. "Let's hold off for the moment. I love how the softening effect as the light filters through and reflects off the blinds. We can experiment later as the sun rises through the session."
It was five til ten, and Eric looked at me. "I need to use the toilet before we start." He got up and went on his way.
I turned to Joy. "Sandi said Marci would be late but start without her. I don't know who'll proctor until she gets here."
"If Sandi said to go ahead, I wouldn't worry. We know your routine and are fine without a proctor. Are you comfortable with it?"
"Great, let me know if you want any special poses. I'll get some props." I collected the sheets, stools, pillows, and stuff we used during the session. I paused in front of the open window, looking at the convenience store across the street, and hoped the young couple I saw inside would look across the road when they left. The warm tingle turned into a flaming need for exposure. I resisted the urge to wave to get attention.
Dawn arrived, and I had to get back to work. From the suburbs fifteen miles west of the city, she's in her mid-thirties and is petite and cute in that Texas way. Her bobbed brown hair was immaculately highlighted.
"Hi, Dawn." She was examining a drawing bench. "Any traffic this morning?"
"No, smooth sailing all the way."
She's always flirty to Eric and me, but I didn't wait for her to start. Feeling giddy and emboldened, I moved closer, lifted my right leg on the drawing bench she was considering and leaned to stretch my leg.
"I hope you don't mind if I stretch before we start. My Samba class was brutal last Thursday." Of course, I didn't care about stretching. I wanted to get closer and show off.
She moved around the bench to stand before me. "I didn't know you danced the Samba, but it makes sense; you have such firm legs." I nearly swooned when she cupped her hand under my lifted thigh near my knee. The feel of her hand gliding along the underside of my leg was like sparks on my skin. She stopped when her fingers grazed my dangling pussy lips.
"I love drawing them and your beautiful ass, too." She whispered in my ear as she caressed my ass cheek with her other hand.
I couldn't tell if she was serious or calling my bluff. I doubled down and turned slightly on my standing leg to face her. My raised leg was bent at the knee and hip as I stood straight on one leg. Her hand grazed my lips and cupped my cunt. She pressed her other hand firmly against my ass.
"I hope you'll find many other wonderful things to draw today." I raised my hand, smiled, and caressed her face. She surprised me further by curling two fingers inside me. Kissing her crossed my mind, but we needed to get going. I looked into her eyes, raised my eyebrows, hoping to show appreciation, and turned away to continue collecting the props.
I pulled pillows and sheets from the cabinets at the studio's far end and piled them on the model stand. The other attendees usually arrived late. It was time to begin, but I didn't see Eric. Five minutes ago, he'd gone to the toilet, and it shouldn't take long. It hit me. His stiff cock would impede the flow. I returned to the cabinets for the last bit of stuff and heard the toilet flush. Eric emerged without his hard-on.
"You snuck off for some relief without me?" I said, trying to look indignant.
"Oh honey, I wouldn't have lasted five minutes in any hot pose. The last thing we need is for me to spray cum over you, the stand, and the artists before we start your new project for the day. I'll make it up to you soon."
Looking back to ensure I blocked the view, I playfully squeezed his limp cock. "I'll expect a lot, but something's in the air. It'll be an interesting session."
We got the last pillows and returned to the model stand. The artists had arranged their easels, and it was time to begin. I felt subtle permission to push our sexy-secret games further than last time. My heart was racing, and I felt light-headed as I stepped onto the platform.
Sam assumed the proctor's responsibilities. "Let's warm up with four five-minute gesture poses, followed by two fifteen-minute poses before the first break."
We usually start with a standing pose. I faced Eric six inches away and offset to the right, my legs a shoulder's width apart. He mirrored my stance, and we grasped each other's forearms, placed our left legs forward between the other's legs, leaned back, and moved our right legs back. The pose shows us leaning back and off-balance, but we counterbalanced by holding each other's arms. The only place our bodies touched was our hands and arms. It's a dynamic look with lots of negative space and muscle tension.
I whispered as we moved into the pose. "Step farther between my legs. I want to rub against your thigh and feel your cock on my hip, like scissoring but standing up."
We were closer together, and Eric had to clasp his hands behind my neck while I held his upper arms. There was less negative space but more personal interaction.
"Wonderful." Joy set the timer on the edge of the stage where I could see it.
Although angled to the stage, I faced the artists and could see out the window. The couple left the convenience store, walking to their car at the curb. The woman waited a moment for the passenger door to unlock. I knew the moment she saw us through the open blinds. My heart raced, and I squirmed against Eric. She told her partner, and he turned toward us. He looked embarrassed, quickly got in the car, and they left. Those moments were so exciting. I closed my eyes and ground my pussy harder into Eric's leg.
Eric's soft cockhead turned that beautiful deep purple as it expanded. He quickly thickened and extended. I pushed my hip against Eric and his cock beat in time with his heartbeat. I couldn't stop grinding against his leg after seeing him so excited, which increased the intensity of his erection. His cock rose and stood straight up between us, throbbing to its full length as the timer rang at the end of the pose.
"Beautiful," Sam spoke up. "We all appreciate the intensity. Ready for the next one?"
Sam had suggested we keep up our display. I turned at the platform's edge with my ass toward the artists. I bent over to pick up the short stool from the floor beside the model stand and hoped they all looked directly at my sex.
My legs spread as I sat on the stool in the middle of the stage. Eric stood to my left, facing me, his right hip touching my shoulder. I wrapped my left arm around his body, rested my hand on his pelvic crest, and let the rest of my arm hang against his ass. Relaxing my right arm on my right thigh, I tilted my head back to look up to the left and into his eyes. He returned my look and placed his left hand on his hip, interlacing his fingers with mine. He then put his right hand on my right shoulder with his arm behind my head. While we set up the pose, his cock slacked slightly, and I pressed it under my left breast.
The artists nodded their consent to the pose. Joy set the timer, and they sketched.
Eric's face softened into a warm smile, sending me into a sexy daydream. I forgot we were on the model stand and hugged him tighter against me. His cock, slippery from sweat and ooze, slipped over my nipple and bounced to rest above my breast. We shared a panicked look, but the only sound was the scrapping of pencils over paper. I squeezed his hand and continued with the pose. A minute into the pose, Billy and Karen, a married couple in their late twenties, arrived and quietly set up with the group.
With half the time remaining, I shrugged my shoulder, brushing Eric's ass with my arm. His heartbeat quickened, and his cock rose off my breast. I couldn't see what was happening, but I listened for a change in the drawing sounds. Nothing.
Eric's cock bumped underneath my jaw and pressed firmly against my throat. I moved my right hand along my thigh, closer to my swollen labia. I hoped the artists, distracted by Eric's cock against my throat, wouldn't notice my hand. A few more moments and the excitement of being exposed became unbearable.
I fought in vain for control and arched my eyebrows, feigning an itch on my forehead. I broke the pose to scratch, raising my arm, and tilted my head back, releasing my husband's cock. It sprang from under my chin. My hand and his cock crossed my face at the same time. Instead of scratching the itch on my forehead, I opened my mouth, pushed the tip in, and closed my lips around it. I sucked it eagerly until the timer went off, scratching my forehead to conceal what I was doing.
I pulled back, and Eric's cock slipped from my mouth and hit my nose as he stood to stretch. He turned to the right, so his hard-on wasn't directly in their faces. My left arm was still around his waist when he turned, and I slid my hand around and grasped the base of his cock to give it a couple of strokes. I wanted to make him cum again, but no luck. I lowered my right hand and, pretending to scratch my inner thigh, gave myself a few strokes.
"Another stunning pose. Keep it up. Ready for number three?" Sam's voice quavered.
Being wide open was intoxicating. I wanted my pussy on display and stayed on the stool with my legs spread. Eric sat on the floor beside me, curled his legs to the right, and leaned his head on my right thigh. He placed his right hand on my knee and brought his left hand up between my legs, curling it around my inner thigh against my lips. I put one hand around Eric's neck and the other on my left knee.
Joy set the timer again. Eric's hard-on steadily pointed up, his copious pre-cum dripping on his hip.
Our last short pose had Eric standing with his arms draped over a bamboo pole on his shoulders and twisted a quarter turn to his right. I sat to his right, my legs curled behind me, and leaned against his leg. My head landed on his hip. Eric loves for me to pull on his balls and sometimes comes. I felt no need to restrain our pose, and no one minded.
Using my right arm for support, I reached up behind Eric and circled my thumb and forefinger around his scrotum below the base of his cock. I turned to look directly at Eric's cock, standing at a forty-five-degree angle from his body.
"Well, another exciting pose, and I'm glad to see the intensity Sam mentioned," Joy said, setting the timer on the stage.
I gradually pulled Eric's balls. He leaked more pre-cum, forming a long stream to the platform floor, glistening in the light. Near the end of the pose, I pushed his balls forward, and his cock stuck straight up, dripping over my hand.
In the middle of the pose, Ray, a graduate student at a local university, arrived. His girlfriend usually comes with him, but today he was alone. He's a geology student and used the Saturday sessions to refine his drawing skills and decompress from studying. He stopped cold and stared in reaction to the pose but recovered and set up.
"Okay, we're finished with the gesture poses. Let's take a minute before the fifteen-minute poses." Sam announced.
"Well, that was an interesting thing you did there," Eric said when we sat to relax.
"I was feeling bored, and you know how much I enjoy playing with your cock and balls." With a slight tilt of my head, I flashed my coquettish smile. "I don't know how you guys keep from playing with them all the time. I would if I had them."
"You're playing with these a lot today. What's the next pose?"
"Let's try the first pose we practiced this morning, the one with you on all fours with me sitting on your back. We didn't get the mirror centered in our hurry to replace the model stand. We can take advantage of the mirror at the end of the platform and expose everything without being too obvious."
I looked at Joy. "We'll do one of our practice poses from earlier."
"I'll set the timer whenever you're ready."
Eric moved to his hands and knees at center stage, angled forty-five degrees to the right. I put a firm bolster beside his right knee, knelt with my right knee next to Eric's, and raised my left leg over Eric's ass. Rather than ride him like a horse, I centered my pussy over his right ass cheek with my left leg bent at the knee and dangling casually over his side.
I laid on his back with my belly against his lower back and supported my chest with my elbows, resting my forearms on his upper back. I was at a slight angle, and my arms were both to the left of Eric's head. My breasts squeezed together with my nipples sticking out like a hard-nipped, sexy Sphinx. I held my head straight, looking towards the window, and kept track of our group and anyone across the street through partly closed eyes.
The mirror was behind us but at an angle. I felt my spread ass cheeks, even my inner lips, and the artists could see me in the mirror with the proper perspective.
We jostled around to get stable, and my clit grazed Eric's ass cheek, sending a tingle I hadn't expected. "When you tighten your ass, it rubs my clit. You know what I want."
I looked at Joy. "If this is good, we're ready."
"Another gorgeous pose. Your early morning practice paid off."
The group spaced evenly along the front of the stage when we set up. With longer poses, it's common for artists to take a minute to examine the pose from different angles and move to a favored view. As a model, I can't always tell what will catch their attention. We set up at a forty-five-degree angle to the stage, and the best view was from the front. They could see our reflections in the mirror if they shifted further left.
Eric clenched his ass and distracted me. When I refocused, everyone had moved to the left, and I somehow felt their eyes focused on my cunt and ass. The artists' eye movement between us and the mirror verified their interest. Eric clenched his ass again, and my ears buzzed from the tingling between my legs. I needed more pressure to come.
Stationary for the first five minutes, I had enough stimulation from Eric's ass, and the eyes focused on my crotch. When I squeezed my breasts between my biceps, electricity ran through my nipples to my cunt.
The daydreams started. I imagined Dawn, or maybe Ray, wanting a closer look to get a detail. They approached the stand behind me and casually used the blunt end of their pencil to move my lips apart for a better view. They rubbed the pencil along the length of my slit, pushed it against my clit, and blew against my pussy.
My eyes snapped open as I awoke from my fantasy. I was grinding my pussy against Eric's ass; I'd tilted my head back and didn't know how much time had passed. The movement of my hips had to be visible. Although I slowed, I didn't stop or care if they saw me wantonly trying to orgasm. I squeezed my thighs against Eric's sides and ground my pelvis into his ass. I wanted to come.
The timer rang, and Joy said, "Great work. Let's take a minute before the next pose."
In my foggy state, I hadn't noticed Marci's arrival. Everyone else was quietly finishing up the details of their drawings. I relaxed onto Eric's back, but our sweat-soaked bodies were too slick, and I slid off to his right. I laid on my back, looked back into his eyes, and smiled.
"Was it fun?"
I whispered back. "Oh, fuck me, yes. But I still haven't come."
We sat up and hugged for a minute. Eric said, "I'll call the next pose; it should do the trick."
I knew which pose Eric meant, the cowgirl. It caused a stir the first time we did it. With me on top, it was difficult to tell if we were fucking or simulating. Eric would lie flat on his back parallel to the wall, and I knelt on top of him, sitting on his cock. To make the pose more visually appealing, Eric would bend both legs like he was doing a sit-up. It made a beautiful triangular negative space beneath his legs.
Sometimes I'd lean forward, letting my arms support my torso, or sit up straight with my hands resting on my head, looking ecstatically orgasmic. Eric cupped the sides of my breasts, squeezing my nipples. The provocation came from the ambiguity of not seeing Eric's cock. It could be under my cunt, up between his legs, behind my ass, or in my cunt. It wasn't easy to tell.
"I'm not sure I can keep it simulated," I whispered.
"It's up to you."
I looked over at Joy. "We're ready for the next pose."
"I'll start the timer when you're set."
While Eric lay down, I lowered the trapeze to let me support my body from overhead and keep the view of my breasts open. I put a pillow on each side of Eric to cushion my knees. Eric's cock was hard and flopped back on his belly.
Sitting directly on top of his cock, I reached to hold the trapeze and squished my pussy along his shaft to get comfortable for the fifteen-minute pose. As I settled, Eric raised his right hand and squeezed my nipple. Although he touched only one nipple, an electric jolt flashed through my body, and I started wiggling my hips to heighten the friction of his cock against my cunt and clit.
"We're ready." Joy set the timer and placed it on the stand before me.
Eric unexpectedly reached behind me and put his palm on my ass, the tip of his middle finger over the puckered rim of my asshole. An indescribable ecstasy overcame me. I tilted my hips forward to push my clit on his cock. I misjudged my slide along Eric's cock and slipped off the tip and onto his stomach. My vagina aligned with Eric's cock, and he rocked his hips, thrusting forward to fill my cunt.
I pushed back to engulf him and arched my lower back for deeper penetration. I wanted this to last forever, and I hung from the trapeze with my head tilted and eyes closed. I was fucking on the model stand, letting strangers look at every detail of my body.
My eyes were closed, but I could hear the scratching of easels pulled along the floor. Eric squeezed my nipple again, and my juices flowed over Eric's cock. Another squeeze and I slipped into a fugue state where all I felt was his cock filling my cunt and his finger rimming my asshole. I ground my clit into Eric's stomach as motionlessly as I could. I hadn't felt him come yet and wanted this to last. I vaguely heard my name a while later and realized I'd gone away in fantasy, and Eric was trying to bring me back.
"Linda. Linda?" I heard him whisper from somewhere below me.
"Yes," I replied.
"They're all near the end of the stage, drawing your ass and cunt and my cock. Nod your head if you can feel my hand on your ass?" I nodded yes.
"You're so slippery I can easily do this." He pushed his middle finger into my ass. "They can see your cunt and asshole fucked simultaneously."
I couldn't hear him as I pushed my ass back as far as I could. I needed Eric to fill me with his cock and finger. My whole body tensed when the first wave of release started in my ass, spread to my cunt, and overtook me. All I could do was watch the stars and rock back and forth on my clit. Wave after orgasmic wave flowed through me. I don't remember keeping hold of the trapeze, but as the waves subsided, my hands gripped it as hard as my cunt grabbed Eric's cock.
Then the damn timer rang.
I released the trapeze and fell exhausted on top of Eric. His finger slipped from my ass, and he gently hugged me, his cock locked deep in my cunt. In the afterglow of my incredible orgasm, I was still on display, exposed to all. Despite having had one of the most intense orgasms of my life, I felt invigorated and defiant. I wanted to indulge in my depravity.
Looking into Eric's eyes and silently mouthing, 'I love you,' I slowly pushed myself upright and reached for the trapeze. Using it to support and steady myself, I lifted my right leg and put my foot under Eric's armpit. I slowly lifted off Eric's cock. With my leg in position, my thigh and knee were against my chest, and the view from my asshole to my cunt was open as I slowly lifted from Eric's waist.
As I rose, they had a clear view of Eric's cock sliding from my swollen pussy; the friction of his withdrawal pulled my lips tightly around him. When he was halfway out, the warm flow of cum on my thighs let me know of Eric's release.
I stopped briefly, letting the cum flow over Eric's cock, stomach, and balls. Silence accompanied our slow uncoupling. His cock slipped out and flopped with a splash onto his soaked stomach. I looked back to see all eyes riveted on my dripping cunt.
It was an instinctual reaction on my part. With cum still dripping from my cunt, I stood up, turned toward Eric's feet, and squatted, knowing Eric would attend to my cunt and ass and I could clean his cock with my tongue. He grabbed my hips with his hands, pulled me to his face, and hungrily cleaned every part. I laid on him and squirmed in our mixed juices, licking and sucking his cock clean. I looked out at the artists capturing the scene. They broke into quiet applause; it was all so unexpected and shocking.
The sound cleared my head; we had only completed the first hour of our session. I held his cock and rubbed it over my face, smearing it with cum. I rolled off Eric, and as we sat up and hugged, Marci asked, "Break time, anyone?"
Quiet laughter filled the studio. Marci added, "I think we've all earned it, and remember, we still have two hours to go. And you two," looking at Eric and me, "don't forget Sandi in the gallery."
I started cleaning up with a sheet, but I liked the sloppy mess and stopped. I looked at Eric. "When Sandi told us an hour ago we could go to the gallery as we were, I couldn't imagine walking naked out the door and into the gallery. It's been so long since I've done this. But now, I can't wait to go. Are you ready?"
"As ready as you are." Eric tossed the sheet on the stand.
I opened the door to step outside. I hadn't been so gloriously nude outdoors in a public place in a long time. Eric walked beside me, holding my hand as we went to the gallery. Cars drove by on Montrose, but no one noticed us. I stopped to soak it all in.
"Oh, Eric, this is so hot. I'm dripping, and look at my nipples."
Eric spoke up then, more seriously than before. "We should act like this is normal, like when we married on Nude Day. It's more conservative here; if we act sexually in public, they might call the police. We can justify nudity on the Art League property, but being provocative in public can get people angry."
"Well, our cum smeared bodies, my hard nipples, and your half-staff cock are tell-tale, don't you think?"
"All good points, but Sandi saw us and said this is how we should go to the gallery, so we'll have to ignore the minor details."
I grabbed his cock. "This isn't a minor detail."
"Thanks for your vote of confidence, sweet cheeks." He touched my ass.
I glanced around as we walked to the gallery to see how many were watching us. Two couples occupied the gallery courtyard, with another three people by the convenience store across the street and three from the art supply store parking lot.
They all smiled, nodded in our direction, and moved out of our way as we walked to the gallery. Seven or eight more people were in the gallery viewing the current exhibition. Sandi waved us over to the front counter.
"Hi, guys. I didn't think you'd accept my challenge, but here you are nude and dripping cum. I don't know how you do whatever it is you do. It's sexy and lustful and hotter than hell. Dawn came by and described the last pose. I see cum covering you from head to toe. My mom let you get nasty, and I'm so envious."
We both smiled. "Thanks, Sandi. We've wanted to indulge our exhibitionistic kinks but stay this side of explicit. Then today happened. We crossed the line and left it far behind. Speaking of going over the line, is there an office where we can continue our talk? I don't want to disrupt your patron's gallery experience."
Sandi broke out with a radiant smile. "No, girl. Mom gave me simple instructions. You must remain nude and visible to the public. While we walk through the gallery and talk, I'll stop and ask you to display one of your delicious, intimate poses. Think of it as a ten-second gesture pose followed by three minutes of conversation repeated a few times; live Rodin sculptures. With only fifteen minutes before you're needed back in the studio, we should get started. Give me a hot, ten-second pose. I'll watch the time."
My jaw dropped, and my eyes widened; I was speechless, but not Sandi. "Oh, come on, guys, you're covered in cum, and hard in all the right places. Think of the gallery as a different venue."
I thought of our Nude Day wedding consummation at Ridgetop Winery and kissed Eric. When I grabbed his cock, and stroked him, he reached around and wriggled his finger between my cheeks and into my ass.
Sandi interrupted us ten seconds later. "That's the spirit. My girlfriend, Melissa, will watch the counter. Let's go."
We took a stroll through the gallery. "Marci's the building fund chairperson and raised half a million dollars over the past five years. We need a hundred thousand more to sign contracts and start construction. The committee wanted to try a gala event to get us over the top as quickly as possible. After visits to shows in Washington and California, they decided the best plan would be an erotic art show with a live drawing session."
She stopped by a square acrylic display cabinet in a nook off the main gallery. "It's time for another ten-second pose. Anything goes, but make it artistic."
I turned in front of Eric, and, balancing with one arm on the top of the cabinet, I lifted my right leg and hooked it behind Eric on top of his ass. I reached below and guided his cock into my pussy with my free hand. The two people in this gallery section had their view partly blocked by the cabinet. Another couple turned into the alcove and stopped five feet away, staring at my spread cunt and Eric's balls.
"Okay, time to continue our walk and talk." Sandi ended the pose.
Eric bent his knees, and I slowly extended my leg to let his cock slip out. I still dripped cum from our last pose in the studio and uncurled my leg to stretch. I finished my stretch, and we followed Sandi out of the nook.
Sandi resumed. "The Gala is straightforward, although unusual for the Art League. We'll need models for erotic poses for our artists to produce pieces for the show and the live modeling demonstration during the auction. We considered hiring adult video performers, but they're expensive and lack the creativity and artistry we need."
Visitors stood aside to make space for us as we continued around the main gallery. I knew where the conversation was going, but the excitement of everyone watching my naked body had scrambled my brain.
"Marci suggested using our models. We use three couples for our sessions, but you are the only ones the committee wanted. They left it up to Marci to ask."
Sandi stopped. "A fifteen-second pose."
In my dazed state, Eric took charge of the pose. "Step away from the wall and spread your legs twice your shoulder-width apart. Good, bend both knees and put your hands on your knees. You'll form a triangle with your thigh, back, and arm, balancing over your knees."
A group of visitors circled us and then stood behind me. Eric sat on the floor in front of me in the same direction and stretched his legs straight. He put his arms behind him and pushed back under my crotch. He adjusted his arms until his nose was in my asshole. I could feel him softly blowing on my cunt with every exhalation. His arms, back, and floor formed a triangle like the one I created above my knees. He bent his legs, forming another triangle, while his hard cock made its own statement. He kissed my cunt and used his tongue on me for over the fifteen seconds Sandi requested.
She completely circled our pose and observed it from every angle. "An inspired use of repeated, negative triangular spaces. Let's talk some more."
Eric's tongue lashing cleaned my pussy, but my juices still flowed. The quick shifts between walking, listening to Sandi, sexually posing, and the increasing number of viewers in the gallery created an exciting mixture of ordinary and aroused.
"My mom thought you might do erotic modeling, but she wasn't sure. A couple of excellent models quit when asked to pose in ways they thought were too explicit. You started leaving the blinds open when you came in early to practice. I spied on you several times and saw you fucking. It gave us the thought of the setup this morning. Marci had already arranged with Joy and Sam to cover the proctoring."
She stopped. We were in a corner visible to the entire main gallery and the smaller second-story space above. They wedged the couch into the corner with two large mirrors hung on the walls, filling the edge with our reflections. I turned around to see the same crowd I'd seen before in the main gallery and another five or six people above. I loved being naked in public and watched by all these people.
Sandi spoke. "I'll direct this twenty-second pose. Linda, drape over the back of the couch. Spread your legs while keeping your feet on the floor, support your body with your hands on the seat, and arch your back to let your tits hang. Eric, slip your cock halfway into her, then stand up straight and cross your arms over your head. Linda, the couch is here for maximum exposure to those who can fit on the gallery floor and the upper gallery above. Don't get carried away. No movement, only the pose. You don't have much time before you're needed back in the studio."
My head spun, and I was glad I had something to support my body because my knees would buckle otherwise. Leaning over the back of the couch, I turned crimson, realizing my spread legs would reveal the excitement of my dripping pussy. I closed my eyes and saw stars again. The possibility of doing this for three hours during a public art show overcame my desire to push back against Eric and have a proper fuck. I stayed motionless until released by Sandi. Every muscle fiber of my body fully tensed.
"Okay, you two, enough," Sandi said. "We need to finish the details before you start back in Studio Three again."
Eric pushed forward, burying his shaft in my cunt, then pulled out slowly. I stayed on the couch for a minute of calm before Sandi guided us toward the exit counter.
"We assumed your practice sessions were your new routine, so Marci asked me to walk in on you having sex. She worried that your games were for amusement, exhibitionistic but private to you. It was perfect when you took the keys and didn't bring them back; it gave me a reason to get them. This morning I knew we could count on you for the Gala when I walked into the studio, and you didn't stop fucking. Telling you to go to the gallery naked was an impromptu flourish to see how far you'd go.
"Mom arranged for this gallery audition with a few supportive committee members and other artists. Imagine the turnout for the actual event if we can raise this much activity in a couple of hours." Sandi finished and raised her hand, pointing to the door. "Time to get back to work in Studio Three. I'll assume a yes for the Art League Erotic Gala."
I nodded while Eric opened the Gallery door. We stopped in the courtyard's center and stood nude outside, visible to all. "Oh honey, I'm in a daze. They set us up, manipulated by our lust, but should I be angry or happy? My pussy's flowing like Niagara Falls."
Eric wrapped his arms around me and whispered. "One step at a time, baby. We have two more hours here. But first, we must get out of this noonday sun before turning to ash like in 'Interview with the Vampire'."
We pulled apart to turn toward the studio.
"There's a lot more work today, and then we need to begin our preparation for the Gala. We agreed to do the Gala, didn't we?"
"I think so, but ask Marci back in the studio. We're stopping traffic and don't need the police involved."
We walked back into Studio Three without a glance at the many spectators following our progress.
I wanted to be angry. "Damn it, Marci, using our self-indulgent, sexy games against us for your building fund Gala doesn't seem fair."
"I won't say I'm sorry, Linda. I wasn't sure we interpreted your blatant exhibitionism correctly. I didn't want to risk having you leave the model register. We love the work you and Eric do. I'd prefer we continue to pretend your modeling was strictly professional if the alternative was losing you entirely."
"You were right to worry. If you confronted me, I would've denied our sexy-secret games. They were exciting and embarrassing. Sandi's interruption of our practice session ignited my passion in a way I didn't know was possible. If you had been here from the beginning of the session, I wouldn't have gone so far during the first hour. So, thank you, Marci."
She stood up from her easel, and we hugged. It was a welcome gesture, releasing my anger and frustration. She held me closer, rubbing her hands over my back for comfort. Then my feelings of forgiveness transformed into a familiar tingly sparkle between my legs.
I wanted to assure this tiny step over the boundary between friendship and something else would be okay. I was naked in Marci's arms, after all. My right arm drifted over her back, each descending motion lower than the last. She mirrored my strokes, and I took the plunge and slid my hand over her ass. She followed suit, but on my naked flesh, pressing her fingers into my ass crack, sending another electric shock.
I released my embrace and put my hands on her shoulders. "Thank you again, Marci. I appreciate all you've done for me, for us, today. Be as direct as possible, and I will be too, but we still have two more hours of modeling."
As I stepped away, I let my left hand drop from the side of her shoulder and caress her breast. I sat next to Eric on the edge of the model stand, keeping my legs spread. "So, what do we do?"
"Will you do the Erotic Gala?" Joy asked. "Just a simple confirmation. I wasn't in the gallery."
"Yes, of course, we'll do it," I answered for both of us. "Do you have a date yet?"
"We needed to confirm your participation before deciding. We'll get busy after the session." Joy answered. "We have a more immediate need to create erotic art for the Gala."
Marci spoke up. "Linda and Eric have covertly given us a taste of their erotic poses. We can use some of their previous work for the exhibition. But we need an entire set of explicitly erotic poses for the show. It'll be a big job with the prime responsibility resting on Linda's beautiful and capable shoulders. Do you have suggestions for the rest of today's session, Linda?"
"We're open to anything. I'd suggest forty-five minutes of short three-to-five-minute poses showing what we can do. You sketch away and make notes on favorites or how you'd change details. We can discuss it during the break and pick two or three poses to finish the last hour."
Sam spoke up. "Great, Linda. There have already been several interesting poses. Seeing what you're willing to share fully will give me valuable insight for our journey."
"Great! Let's get started."
Eric and I stood on the stand but drew a blank. Eric had gone soft, and after the past hour's emotional roller coaster, my excitement waned too. "Marci, we need some massage oil. Is there any here or in the gallery?"
"You know, Linda, massage oil has yet to come up as an essential art supply."
The convenience store across the street came into focus above Marci's head. "I'll bet they have some over there." I pointed to the store.
"Probably. I'll get some for you." Marci rose.
"Oh no, Madame Proctor, I'll get my own if you don't mind." I hopped from the stand and bent over to get some money from Eric's pants.
During our walk to the gallery, I noticed the young clerk at the store watching from the sidewalk. With the blinds still open, I saw him look in our direction. I wanted to give him a close-up look.
"I don't think so, Linda. You guys walking around nude here is our business, but you two go over there, and they may get all freaked out. It's how people respond to male nudity." Marci cautioned.
"You're right, Marci. I'll go alone, or you can come if you like. Eric stays here. It's a great start to promoting the Erotic Gala, too." I was charging up again.
"Okay. I'll go along with you. It would be a good start for our publicity campaign." Marci stood to leave with me.
"I want to come too." Karen got up from her drawing bench. "I need some paper towels, and damn it; I want to see what happens. It's been a while since the Art League's been this exciting."
The three of us gathered at the door. In the commotion, I noticed Dawn moved to sit next to Eric, asking him, "Do you take Samba lessons too?" I thought about canceling the oil for half a second and checking on Eric. But I played with Dawn earlier and should be fair to Eric. I waved goodbye, and Eric smiled, telling me he was reading my thoughts. We do wild things sexually, but our commitment to each other is our firm base. Neither of us would damage it.
We had a mission and walked across the gravel auxiliary parking lot to line up at the curb, waiting for a break in traffic. I looked back at the studio windows; they all stood there, looking out to see what would happen. There wasn't much traffic for a noontime Saturday; only two cars passed on our side and one in the other direction. We stepped into the street and dashed across. I squeezed my breasts between my upper arms to keep them from bouncing, but my tits didn't go jogging without motion.
Except for the few lingering visitors to the art gallery, we were alone on the street, and no one in the passing cars noticed. Turning toward the store's glass front, I saw two customers in the aisles, a man and woman, and the young male clerk behind the counter. The clerk noticed when I stepped out of the studio and watched me walk to the door of his store. The couple hadn't seen me when Marci opened the door and, with great fanfare, bowed and swept me inside.
I walked into the aisles while Marci took charge at the counter, careful not to block the clerk's view. He had a name tag. "Hi, Tony. I'm Marci from the Art League across the street. We're kicking off the promotion of our Erotic Gala. Karen's looking for paper towels, and Linda's the name of the woman whose nude ass you're staring at. She needs some massage oil. Linda and her husband Eric, who you saw earlier today, will be the Gala stars; of course, you'll get an invitation. It's a benefit for the building fund. We'll bring some posters around once they're ready."
I could hear her talk while I looked for the oil. I surprised the couple when they crossed my aisle at the opposite end. "Hi, I'm Linda, a nude art model. I'm working across the street today at the Art League. We're in the middle of a session and needed some massage oil, and wouldn't you know I forgot my robe? If you're interested, we're having our fundraising Erotic Gala soon." They were speechless.
Being naked and talking to fully clothed people was fun, but I'd spent too much time away from our session. I saw the oil on the bottom shelf, turned to look toward Marci and Tony, and, with an enormous wave, yelled. "I found it, Marci. It's right here."
I turned back around and pointed to it on the bottom shelf. I was facing the couple with my ass toward Marci and Tony. I stepped to the left and bent down to get the bottle.
Marci knew me all too well. She told Tony, "You'll want to keep your attention focused on her beautiful butt. If I'm not mistaken, you will get quite the preview of the Erotic Art Show. Yep, she's bending over to get the massage oil, and, oh, my god, you can see her cunt and asshole and everything."
I snatched the bottle, slowly stood, curtseyed a slight dip to the couple ahead, and turned to the counter to pay. Karen had finished her purchase and watched my performance with Tony and Marci.
"Hi, guys. Here's the oil. Let's get back and put it to good use." I handed Tony the ten-dollar bill, received my change, and noticed he couldn't take his eyes off my tits. I leaned further across the counter to give him a closer look and whispered, "As long as you don't make a fuss, I think they'll leave the blinds open across the street. You can check out the rest of our session, a preview of the big show."
We were out the door and waiting for a car to pass. I wiggled my ass for Tony's benefit and uneventfully crossed the street. We walked along the side of the studio and were inside and back to business.