Fi and Beatrice
Breakfast. Fi awoke. In a large, firm-mattressed bed, with but one pillow. She was covered only with a sheet because the room was kept very warm. Despite, or because of, the warmth, she had slept many hours, oblivious to anything else in the house.
But hunger woke her. A creature of habit, she enjoyed her breakfasts, and today, she sensed she had missed her usual time by many hours.
Somehow, Beatrice had divined that she was awake, just as the thought 'breakfast' came to Fi. There was a soft knocking on her bedroom door.
"Miss, if you like, I can make you breakfast."
"Breakfast." Fi's eyes were now opened wide. Though very slim, Fi was not afraid of food. She was active enough that she stayed very lean. She threw aside the sheet, glad for the soft loungewear that Beatrice had laid out the night before (it was early morning, then wasn't it?)
Fi rarely slept naked, but the loungewear served well, instead of the slip she normally slept in.
"Just a sec, Beatrice." Fi's feet found the slippers that were at the foot of the bed, and put on a lovely robe that she also found there.
Opening the door, she greeted Beatrice.
For the first time really, Fi was able to take stock of Beatrice, a woman of perhaps forty, short at five-feet tall, solid but not fat. Her uniform hinted at wide hips, a narrow waist, and generous, motherly breasts. Her squared shoulders, and short meaty hands exuded a gentle strength.
Her face, though on the plain side of pretty, wore an angelic smile. Funny, Fi remembered a professor at uni who cautioned her not to anthropomorphize angels. They were NOT human, definitely another species and god's messengers and assassins.
What was Beatrice then? Helper of Edna? Or merely a servant.
These complicated thoughts were pushed aside...BREAKFAST!
Beatrice stood there patiently, waiting for Fi to...realize she had been daydreaming.
"Yes, Beatrice, I would LOVE breakfast. But I have only my night clothes to wear."
Beatrice laughed. "It will just be you and I, together in the kitchen. Mrs. Dulles and Mr. Robert left early, and picked up food on the way to work."
"Work, oh my...does Edna...I mean, Mrs. Dulles...expect me, soon?"
"Do not worry, Miss Fi. You can call Mrs. Dulles whatever she allows. I prefer to keep a professional distance from my employers. But Mrs. Dulles, she sees you as something different."
In her new robe, loungewear, and slippers, Fi followed Beatrice to the kitchen. Not a fancy kitchen by modern standards, it was state-of-the-art design in 1970. All the appliances were clean and running, but no giant stainless fridge or restaurant-grade stove.
An old-fashioned, enameled, steel-topped table was the breakfast table.
Beatrice had brewed coffee, apparently not thinking there was any alternative for a breakfast beverage. But, she did ask for Fi's preference for food.
"Toast and eggs is fine for me, Beatrice."
Again, Beatrice assumed the toast would be buttered, but did ask what jellies or jams Fi preferred. The eggs were scrambled which was fine.
"Oh, Miss Fi..."
"Just Fi is okay, Beatrice...really."
"Again, Miss Fi...I prefer less familiarity."
"But, I call you Beatrice."
"And that is, as it should be."
"What do you mean?"
"Upstairs always uses first names with downstairs, but never the reverse."
"That's the nineteenth century."
"That is ME, and how I relate to my employers. Familiarity...can be...dangerous."
"Is that from personal experience?"
"Yes...and it has nothing to do with this place, or these people. Let's leave it at that."
"Okay, Beatrice...I really need breakfast, even more than I need gossip." At this, Fi winked, and Beatrice smiled.
The two passed the time, Fi spent eating in companionable silence.
Beatrice finished cleaning up the breakfast dishes, and turned to say, "Mrs. Dulles will be sending clothes to you later today."
"She still thinks I need to be wary of returning to my apartment?"
"I know nothing about that, but you will get clothes for work. Mrs. Dulles doesn't tell me much, really anything, about her business. I just take care of the house and the occasional guest."
"How often do you have guests?"
"Not often. Last time was the young man she hired as office manager."
"Huh, that is my new position. What happened to him,"
"Like I said, I don't know about Mrs. Dulles' business. He stayed here for a few weeks."
"So does Mrs Dulles entertain much?"
"No, there isn't even a dining room. Mrs. Dulles and Mr. Robert take meals in their rooms when they eat at home. Mostly, they eat out."
"Oh, Miss Fi, Mrs. Dulles did leave you a laptop. She said today you can play on it, but soon she will be sending you files to bring you up to speed on her business. And here," Beatrice handed Fi a slip of paper, "is the house WiFi password and your business email."
The clothes Edna promised, arrived by messenger in the early afternoon. Since Fi had such a late breakfast, she had told Beatrice that she would just raid the fridge and pantry for snacks.
Fi tried on the clothes and found they fit perfectly. The underwear was a bit girly for her taste, but was comfortable. Fi was used to discount-store thongs and not wearing a bra, so the frilly boy shorts and mesh bra were a luxury.
The laptop was all set to go. But Fi downloaded her favored browser, instead of using the installed one. She also set up the security the way she felt comfortable.
Fi checked her 'work email' and found nothing for her. P Her personal email was full of...well, that was where Fi kept all her porn links
Fi's plan for the afternoon was to stock up on drinks and snacks from the kitchen, and watch lesbian porn...and masturbate. With an armful of junk food and a cheap bottle of white zinfandel, Fi plopped on the bed and settled in for her treat.
There was on new email in the personal account...from an old lover. She would still send Fi hot pics or videos, of her and her new lover. Fi thought she could edge on those for a while!
Once she downloaded the video...Fi shivered...this was not from Alice...! The video started with a few seconds of a bedroom...THIS bed room...The guest bedroom.
Someone was sending Fi a warning...this room had cameras.
Fi would search later. She really did not give a fuck, if Mr. Roberts ejaculated over her strumming pussy. Besides, his taste seemed to run to other men...
Watching the video:
A young man came in...dressed in a business suit. There was something familiar about him. He looked very much like a cleaned-up version of the first man in the alley yesterday...the leader of the pack.
As he undressed, Fi could see that the way he moved was very much like that man...He stripped down to his boxers and went to the bathroom...Minutes later, he emerged wet and toweling himself off. He seemed to know the camera was there, and played to it, teasing whoever was watching.
He stroked himself through the towel...his aroused member supported the towel, or at least a good twelve inches of it.
He turned away...offering his ass to the camera...(oh my!)...offering his ass to whoever was watching...he bent over and spread his ass cheeks!
While he was still bent over with his legs open, Fi could see a great pair of balls hanging low between his legs. He moved his hips causing his balls to swing back and forth.
He suddenly jumped. And showed his fully exposed and veiny, erect cock.
This was the same man from the alley!
He was the office manager that had stayed in the guest bedroom!
Yet, he was still doing Edna's bidding.
What game was Edna playing and what was Fi's part in it?
_______________