Alt Vista - The Voyeurs View
Variation on a Theme
Driving home with her head in my lap...mind is racing. The anticipation is making my heart pound.
We had an awesome dinner; after our third bottle of wine we let the building sexual energy shut out everyone else in the room. The whole night had been filled with innuendo, and the promise of a playful night overtook us. The mood was set even before we were shown to our table. She had excused herself to powder her nose, meanwhile I smoothly tipped the hostess to seat us away from the noisy diners.
She suddenly appeared at my side, took my hand and pulled me close whispering in my ear "I won't be needing these." , skillfully depositing her lacy G-string into my cupped hand. Her breath in my ear then on my neck sent a spark through me. I turned to look into her eyes, just as she bit her lower lip and made that pouty "I'm such naughty girl" face.
I regain my focus, responding with a swift intense kiss. In that moment, I deftly slip my fingers just inside her jacket, and hidden from view, slyly pinched her nipple, taking delight in the audible gasp that escapes her lips
.
Only the occasional interruption of the wait staff pulls our attention away from our flirting. Our eyes reveal the naughtiest of thoughts. We devour each other with knowing glances and shared insight. Tempting each other to take our play one step further, anticipating the moment we abandon all reason. Knowing we are both so turned on is feeding my lust and each minute until that fire consumes me is an exquisite torture.
I order our dessert...and a bottle of wine - To Go.
It's gently raining as we slip into the car and head out onto the highway. Giggling she reclines her seat. With practiced perfection she turns and lays slightly on her side placing her head on my thigh and her feet on the armrest of the door. I watch as she hikes her skirt up around her waist and begins to taunt me.
"You...eyes the road', she says.
Her words are muted by the sound of the rain and the persistent thumping rhythm of the wipers. Her body is tensing and gently her hips move in time with the lusty task her fingers have undertaken. Occasionally a flash of lightning punctuates the night, the rumbles of thunder add to the pounding already overtaking me.
I reach down and across to slowly unbutton the top of her blouse finding delight in the warmth of her pert breasts and stiffening nipples. She reaches back over her head, now cradled firmly in my lap. Insistently she tugs at my zipper causing me to strain in an attempt to grant access. She turns her head slightly to allow a deep breathy moan escape her lips. My throbbing erection is only separated from her willing mouth by the thin fabric and I can feel the heat of her breath. I make a slight grunting sound as I hold her face there for a moment willing my pants to fall apart so I that I can slake my thirst at this well of desire.
Once home and in the door we shed or clothes in hurried chaotic fashion leaving a trail to the edge of the bed. Turning on the light I take in the full measure of her sensual body. I remove her dress lose myself in her wonder, each delicate curve and the perfect imperfections that make her so uniquely erotic. I barely have to guide her to her knees as she hungrily pulls out my thick cock and begins to take delight in sucking it greedily. Reacting to her admirable enthusiasm, I close my eyes to concentrate on preserving this feeling.
When I open my eyes... I suddenly see a face looking through the blinds from across the way. Since I have no shame in being watched I don't stop - I glare at her... as if issuing a challenge.
"Show me", I silently say; as if to force her to join in our passionate tryst.
As though she heard me say it... the blinds start to rise. She stood perfectly still with only the faint glow of soft light, a candle glow to grace her sleek curves. She is stunning.
I help my girl to her feet and turn her to face the window.
We all pause for a moment...waiting ...then the spark of passion ignites. Each of us wanting the other and willing to do...what is clearly on all our minds.
A brilliant flash of lightning serves as the touches off a chain reaction, we all know... without knowing or needing to be told.
Our mutual admiration now gives way to action.
I bend my girl over the corner of bed. In one long slow movement thrust deep inside her and reach forward to cup her breasts. I dart my eyes to the window again see my willing voyeur turned exhibitionist, now slipping off her panties. She is standing , naked at the window, one foot resting on a chair... fingers playing with her clit, occasionally dipping into the sweet wetness, her other hand caressing her tits, pinching her hard nipples, sliding against skin, up into her hair, mouth open, panting .
My girland I both watch our silent partner, as I pound hard from behind. soon I feel her shaking, as she comes. Our voyeur is staring back, mouth agape, hand working on her clit furiously. The storm rages on loudly, occasionally giving us better glimpses of each other with flashes of lightning. The virtual threesome has not concluded however ...it's just her and I now.
We stare into each others eyes, my hard cock still pounding ...pounding as though I was fucking my hot voyeur into submission. I am focused on her eyesl, watching her rise to climax. We are challenging each other to cum first.
At last I see she can't take it anymore, her body is shaky and can hardly stand. I suddenly see her breasts and face pressing hard against the cold window, her hot breath fogging the glass in small bursts as she regains composure. I flash her wide knowing grin as I finally let go in the longest orgasm I have ever had.
No one moves for a moment, connected by satisfied lusts and contentment. We stay that way a moment longer.
None of us were sure what comes next; until our silent voyeur, gently lowered the blinds.
Her eyes...still...her eyes still haunt my dreams.