Momma needed a drink and a good fuck. I couldn't wait to get out of the house. My workaholic husband was away on a business trip once again and my sister agreed to watch the kids for the night. On my way out, she rolled her eyes and called me a slut. I thanked her for enabling me and blew her a kiss.
I went to the bar I usually go to, and it was crowded that night. More options, more fun. All I had to do was sit and wait for an eager guy to approach me. I was all dolled up with a low-waisted skirt for easy access and a thin blouse that showed off my hard nipples. I go there so often that the bartender knows my name and favorite drink. As soon as I approached the bar, Cam had my Long Island ready. I grabbed it and shot him a grateful wink.
There were no seats at the bar and all the tables were taken, so I made my way to the side and stood with my back against the wall searching for Mr. Right Now. I'd usually spot him within 15 minutes, flirt with body language, and he'd come running. This time he found me and wasted no time.
"You're the prettiest thing I've seen tonight," he said as he leaned his broad frame against the wall next to me.
I glanced over at him. He was cute enough, so I decided to take the bait.
"Go on," I teased, pretending to be more interested in my drink than I was in him.
He turned and took a step closer and whispered in my ear. "I'd love to see how pretty you are underneath those clothes."
I wondered how serious he was. I was ready to play, but was he? I tried to blow him off to see his reaction. "I'm sure you say that to every chick you meet." I took a long sip from my glass while staring out into the crowd.
"Not true. I never tell my wife that."
I chuckled. I had to admit that was funny.
"I'm kidding, I'm single. My name is Rick." He stuck out his hand.
"Jan," I said as I slipped my hand into his.
"Is Jan short for something?"
I had no interest in telling him any more personal information. I turned my body toward him to get closer. "Maybe if you're good to me, I'll tell ya," I whispered in his ear.
Rick smirked as he looked out into the crowded bar. "I can take you somewhere if you want?" He moved his hand to my belt and fingered the buckle.
"Here is convenient."
"Whatever you want! I'll meet you by the bathroom." Rick took one step, and I immediately grabbed his arm.
"I mean, right here." I pulled him close and slid my hand down to his bulge. He tried to kiss my lips, but I offered my neck instead. He planted soft kisses on me at first, then he went in for a bite. That got me going. I unbuckled his belt and slid my hand down his boxers.
"You waste no time, do you?" he asked as his lips made their way up to my earlobe.
I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and squeezed. "No, I like it quick and dirty." I started pumping him while rotating my wrist.
Rick sighed and licked the outside of my ear. Damn, that made me shiver.
"What if someone sees us?" Rick pretended to be concerned, but I knew it was bullshit when he pinched my nipple through my shirt.
"Let them watch." The bar was crowded, busy, and loud. I doubt anyone noticed us leaning against this wall.
"Wow! You want what you want when you want it, huh?" he chuckled.
"Is that a problem? Your hands don't seem to think so."
Rick tightened his thumb and forefinger around my hardened nipple. "No problem at all. I just want to know how far you're willing to go."
"Keep pinching me, just like that."
"Is that what you like?" Rick pinched even harder making me grit my teeth.
"Is this what YOU like?" I tugged on his member and squeezed harder as I stroked.
Was this a challenge? He was hard and ready to play. I pulled my hand out of his pants to unzip them and pull out his throbbing cock. I pressed the tip against the zipper of my skirt where my clit was, moving it up and down while still stroking his shaft. The low rumble in Rick's throat let me know I was winning.
Not to be outdone, Rick reached under my skirt, his palm surrounding my bare pussy. His hand moved up and down, rubbing against the sensitive area. As he slid his hand downward, he slipped two fingers over my clit and spread my labia apart, trapping my eager clit between them. My body relaxed into his hand, wanting more.
"I can go as far as you want me to." He said breathlessly.
"Really? We'll see how far you can go." My cockiness always got me into trouble, but I thrive in the fast lane. I had to admit that Rick's hands alone were doing a hell of a job on both my now tender nipple and clit. I wished he would have thrown me onto the table and fucked me like a maniac with his big cock. We were not alone, and I had to control my hunger.
I lifted my head to take in a breath of air when I noticed a young woman staring at us. She seemed intrigued. I chuckled when I saw her eyes widen at Rick and I with our hands down each other's clothes. She seemed too prim and proper to be in a bar like this, but if she wanted to see a show, then I hope she enjoyed herself.
Rick began to rub my clit harder and I couldn't let him show me up. I massaged the full length of him, stroking up and down. I let go only to wet my palm and fingers with my tongue, then I went back to work. Rick grinned before drowning my neck in his warm, wet kisses.
"Damn, you're getting slippery," he said. Without hesitation, he slid two fingers into my pussy.
I moaned in response. The heat between us was intense. His fingers felt so good, they almost broke my focus on his hard cock.
"I want you dripping all over me." Rick's other hand unzipped my thin blouse, and he scooped my boob out for everyone to see. Well, maybe only for Little Miss Muffet to see. He held me in his hand and bowed his head to lick my nipple. He flicked his tongue over it several times, making me feel so weak.
I was nearing the finish line, but I didn't want to finish before him. I reached into his pants with my other hand and started squeezing his balls.
"I don't mind if you come first."
"Over my... Over my dead... body," I pushed out, trying not to let on how close I was.
Rick chuckled and pushed his fingers deeper into me. Waves of pleasure pulsed through my entire body. Heaven felt really close, but this slut loved playing with the devil.
"Shit. Fuck you!" I managed to say through my teeth.
"Gladly," he said. This man was finger-fucking me into oblivion.
"Ohhh," I cried out as my body rocked. I hated his smug grin, but my pussy felt great. I couldn't help but crave more. "Fuck me," I breathed heavily into his ear.
Rick lifted my skirt and I shoved himself into me. My body shuddered as his thick cock entered my wet pussy. He dropped my boob and gripped my ass with both hands. I lifted my leg and sandwiched it between the wall and the side of his body for easier access.
He lifted my ass and repeatedly pushed himself into me. His balls slammed into my thigh as our bodies clapped together. I could feel my pussy pulse around his length. A deep warmth radiated from my loins and filled my body. My mind drifted off as an intense orgasm hit me. "Ahh!" I let out a quick scream. I lost the challenge, but I still got the prize.
"Fuck!" Rick cried out a few moments later.
I looked over to see Little Miss Muffet's face turn as red as my pussy was from this pounding. Knowing she was embarrassed but continued to watch, made me laugh. I guess the three of us had some fun tonight.
Rick took a few breaths before pulling out of me. I shuddered from the suction of his cock pulling against my swollen g-spot. We were breathless and both of our legs were shaking. We slowly fixed our clothes before speaking. I glanced around to see if anyone else noticed us. Everyone was busy probably trying to find their own fun that night.
"When can I see you again?" Rick asked.
My attention snapped back to him. For a quick second, I almost forgot he was there. Hell, that was the first time I got a really good look at him.
"Maybe the next time my husband takes another business trip. Have a good night." I worked my way through the crowd of bodies leaving Rick to fend for himself.
"Hey, Cam?" I call out to the bartender while heading toward the exit. "Don't tell my husband I was here."
He nodded in agreement.
"Leave my drink on the tab and put Little Miss Muffet's drink on it, too ."
The poor woman's head shot down as she blushed red. I left the bar smiling as I headed to my next destination.