Finally, school was out! High school was over, and I hadn't made up my mind whether to go to college or not. One thing was sure, I had to get a part-time job, at least, so I wouldn't be laying around sponging off my parents. After about a week, things were looking pretty bleak, since every other student was out looking for the same thing.
My parents had a cook-out on a Saturday night, and among the guests was my uncle, who was in the landscape business. I asked him if he was hiring, but he had already filled his quota for the summer. He did suggest that I run an ad in the paper requesting jobs for yard maintenance work. All I would need would be one good client to make an income for the summer. I did as he suggested, and within a week, had a few to pick from. The first two were people looking for someone to mow their yard and nothing else, which wouldn't pay much. The address for the third prospect was located in a well-to-do part of town.
Arriving at the address, things were looking up. It was a large home with beautiful landscaping and a huge yard. I rang the bell, and the door was answered by what could have been a middle-aged model! Mrs. Greyson was beautiful, about 5'4, maybe 120 pounds, and long blonde hair. She had a friendly smile that you warmed to immediately. I told her I was there in answer to my ad, and she asked me in. We sat in the living room, and I proceeded to tell her about looking for a job for the summer. While talking to her, I couldn't help but notice her figure. Her breasts were, I'd say 34c's, narrowing down to a small waist, and long beautiful legs that she had crossed. I learned that she was 42, and had lost her husband a year before to cancer. Judging by the surroundings, he had left her pretty well off.
She told me that the job entailed mowing, trimming, weeding, taking care of the swimming pool, and anything else that needed attending to around the grounds. All the equipment would be provided, including a large riding mower. If the work was satisfactory, the pay would be $200.00 a week! It sounded like a dream job! Being 19 and loving the outdoors, this is exactly what I was looking for. We agreed that I could start right away.
Showing up at 7a.m. the next morning, I was anxious to get an early start, since the temperature was supposed to get into the 90's. Ringing the bell, I was greeted by this beautiful blonde wearing a short bath robe. It was obvious that she had just stepped from the shower, and beads of water were still running down into the ample cleavage under her robe. I apologized for being there that early. She said that it was not a problem, proceeding to tell me where the lawn equipment was located. Thanking her, I got right to work.
About mid-morning, the temperature was already into the 80's, but I had managed to get the lawn mowed so far. I was just pulling the rider into the barn, when I heard her call, wanting to know if I'd like some lemonade, asking me to join her in the kitchen where it was air conditioned. Having my shirt off, I put it on before going to the house. Knocking at the door, I was told to come in. The kitchen was immaculate, as was the whole house, everything in it's place, and at the center of it sat this goddess in a short sun dress with a low neckline. She was seated at a glass table with her legs crossed, and there was definitely a lot of leg showing. She asked me how my work was coming, and I explained the progress so far, and that I would do the trimming before calling it a day. She understood, saying the heat must be terrible. She had been looking forward to a swim, but with the heat, she would wait and see what tomorrow would bring. I told her that I would get there early enough to have the pool cleaned in time for her to use it.
The next day, I arrived at 8, assuming that she wouldn't be using the pool until about 10. Wrong! I had worn swim trunks and had removed my shirt when she appeared. She had on an amazing red, I'd guess you could call a bathing suit, just three patches of cloth barely covering anything! I was shocked, but not complaining. She seemed to be staring, and I realized why. My 8 inch cock seemed to be making a tent in my trunks. Embarrassed, I tried my best to keep my back to her while working, which seemed futile. Whenever I looked her way, my cock would grow, and her stares turned into knowing smiles. I'm 6'2", 170 pounds, with an athletic build, and at present, had a tent in the front! After about an hour, my work was finished on the pool, and I excused myself to do some weeding. She remarked that since I was already dressed for a swim, why not jump in, but I begged off, saying that I had more work to do. After gathering the pool equipment, I stole one last glance before leaving. She had turned on her stomach, and from the back, may as well been nude! I gasped, and retreated through the gate, hearing a giggle on the way.
To be continued...