Warning: The following chapter contains piss play. If that's not for you, you'll want to skip this chapter, and wait for the next one coming soon. It's towards the end, so you might enjoy the first part.
The smell of bacon woke me, and I struggled to figure it out, as my brain wasn't fully in gear. Sleepily looking around, I realized it wasn't Sarah. My morning wood was firmly lodged between her naked thighs. How the hell am I smelling bacon? Slipping from between Sarah's thighs, I worked my way from within the sleeping bag. That was quite a struggle, since it was on an air mattress. I got out, though, without waking my sister. I stretched and quietly walked out to the kitchen. Vanessa was there cooking breakfast.
"What the hell," I asked her.
She shrieked, as she hadn't heard me walk in, coupled with the fact that I was standing before her with an exposed, stiff cock pointed directly at her, starting to drip as it usually does when in an aroused state. Clearly aroused herself, Vanessa ran her hands up to her breasts as she stood drooling, much like my cock.
"You must have forgotten I was coming today," Vanessa said.
"N...no," I stuttered. "I just didn't think you'd be here this early."
"Well, I knew you guys don't have anything here, so I figured I'd drive through the night so I can help you get set up when the truck gets here."
"I certainly appreciate that," I replied. "When will it be here?"
"They're supposed to be here this afternoon around 4 or so. I'm hoping we can unload tonight still, and get you lovebirds in a real bed. You need to be able to fuck properly," she said with a wink.
"Believe me, Nessa, we fuck properly," I said, grasping my cock and forcing a thick glob of precum from the tip. Vanessa watched as it made a connection to the floor. She just stood in awe as I lightly stroked myself in front of her. "Gotta pee," I told her, turning away to head to the bathroom.
"Who were you talking to," Sarah asked when I reentered our bedroom. She was propped up on her elbows, her nipples barely covered by the sleeping bag.
"Vanessa drove through the night to get here and help us get set up."
"Nessa is here," she asked excitedly, as she scrambled out of bed, exposing her glowing naked body to me. She swiftly rushed past me to the bathroom to relieve herself.
"Sorry," she said, as she sat and pissed.
"It's ok, I can't really go with this thing," I replied, pointing at my engorged rod. "I'd have to stand on my head at this point."
Sarah laughed as she cleaned herself up. She sauntered up to me, and kissed me, pressing her warm, naked body against mine.
"Good morning," she mocked, as her hand snaked its way down to grasp the turgid snake pressed against her tummy. "Happy to see me?"
"Always," I replied, cupping one of her magnificent breasts as I kissed her again.
Sarah broke our embrace, and scampered off to meet Vanessa in the kitchen. I watched as they embraced in a hug like they hadn't seen each other for years. In reality, it had only been a few days. I love my sister, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy watching her in the embrace of another woman. My penis burped more sticky fluids as I watched them, fantasizing about them being naked together. In the back of my mind, I knew I'd get to see that soon enough anyway, because Vanessa had started to embrace the naked life Sarah and I lived. Honestly, I was surprised she wasn't naked already.
Vanessa went back to cooking, cracking eggs to scramble. She had brought coffee with her, and I took one. Sarah leaned against the island, pushing her ass out invitingly. I slid past her, letting my dripping cock drag across her tush. My sister smiled at me over her shoulder. She nodded, giving me approval to play if I wanted to. Turns out, I did. Taking a big pull from my coffee, I exaggerated the tip of my cup, and by doing so, I was able to press my cock between my sister's cheeks. With my free hand, I reached down and slid it up and down, rubbing it over her puckered hole. She was enjoying the teasing but continued her conversation with Vanessa.
"Are you fucking her," asked Vanessa.
Sarah replied, "no, but I wish he would. He's just playing right now."
My cock was already aching from the still pending morning piss that still hadn't happened. "I'd love to fuck her, but I really need to pee," I said.
"You've peed in her before," Vanessa replied. "Just do it again and get it over with."
"You know about that?"
"I'm sorry," Sarah replied. "You know we share everything."
"I'm not upset, I just didn't think you had told her."
Vanessa spoke again. "I wish someone would do that to me. It sounds so erotic."
Sarah said, "it really is. You should definitely try that sometime."
I was so hard listening to them talk; I was in literal pain. I knew that in this condition, I could probably fuck for hours, but I would suffer the pain of a full bladder. At the same time, if Sarah would agree to it, I'd happy do what Vanessa was asking. Resigning myself to the fact that this was a fantasy and nothing more, I went outside into the crisp morning air. I knew that would deflate me, and I could finally get some relief. Deflating enough to relieve some pressure, I stood looking out across my yard, and relieved myself on the driveway. I breathed in the cool air and pondered all that was to occur in the coming hours and days as my sister and I were to finally fully move into our new place.
With a sigh, I walked back into the house to join my sister and Vanessa for breakfast. Sarah sat naked at the bar while Vanessa placed plates of food where we were all to sit. It was a great looking breakfast, considering we didn't have a lot here just yet. Scrambled eggs and bacon with biscuits. The best part was that I was sitting with my naked sister having a meal that was prepared by someone else. I felt like I could certainly get accustomed to this. As we ate, we chatted about all that we had to do today. Sarah and Vanessa were especially excited and sounded like two little schoolgirls planning for a date. Being the quiet type, I mostly just sat in silence and enjoyed the banter. I watched as my sister's bare body moved, and I grew hard. Sarah just has a way about her that keeps me in a state of constant arousal. It didn't help that Vanessa was there, too. Sarah didn't mind me checking her out, and I wondered how long it would be before I was two beautiful naked women.
Finishing up, I sat back and sipped the last remnants of my coffee while Sarah and Vanessa faced each other and kept up the chatter beside me. Sarah had turned her back to me, and her delicious booty hung off the edge of her stool. Standing behind her, I placed my hands on her hips and rubbed them. My turgid pole touched her lower back, and expelled precum onto it. Reaching around and capturing her breasts in my hands, I ducked down a bit and let my lubricant flow freely onto her rectum which was exposed before me. Looking over her shoulder, I saw Vanessa watching intently as I fondled my sister's tits, but the conversation continued. I stopped my gyrations, and let the tip of my cock rest against Sarah's puckered hole, still flowing tons of juices. As Sarah pointed out different things and ideas in the house, I pressed myself hard against my sister's hole. She relaxed, and welcomed the rigid intrusion inside of her ass. Only when my balls touched her pussy did she stop talking, and let her body give in to pleasure.
Sarah leaned forward and rested her hands on Vanessa's lap. She braced herself on her friend as I slowly eased myself in and out of her booty. With my cock buried in my sister's ass, I watched as Vanessa started to disrobe. She pulled her t-shirt up over her head and discarded it onto the floor. Slowly, she unhooked her bra, revealing her perky tits, their nipples hardened with excitement. She gave it a toss, and it landed on the other side of the bar. Sarah, her hanging breasts bouncing with my every thrust, reached forward and worked the button and zipper on Vanessa's pants. Vanessa raised herself up enough to let my sister pull her pants and panties down at the same time. Vanessa kicked her shoes off, and shucked her pants onto the floor below her. She leaned forward and Sarah's lips connected with her tits. Vanessa placed a hand behind Sarah's head, and pulled her into her chest as my sister nursed from her pretty titties. Both women's bodies flinched every time I bounced my balls off of Sarah's perfect pussy, which now dripped forth its heavenly nectar.
Sarah kissed down Vanessa's chest. Vanessa arched her back allowing my sister better access as she kissed her way down her torso. Scooting forward slightly, she spread her legs, and offered her moist pussy to my sister. I wished I had a better view as Sarah's mouth covered Vanessa's cunt. Vanessa's hands came up to her breasts, and she pulled on her nipples as she watched Sarah tongue fuck her twat. She thrust her tongue up into her friend's vagina in time with my thrusts into her ass. I massaged my sister's back, and let my eyes wander between Vanessa's nudity and my penis pumping into my sister. The site before me was purely erotic, and there was no other place I'd rather have been at that moment. My sister literally feasted on her friend's cunt as I fucked her butthole.
I really wanted to watch my sister in action, so I pulled out of her perfectly tight bum, and stood beside her to watch. I pulled on my slippery cock, and masturbated at these lovely ladies before me. Sarah smiled as she gobbled that pussy. My leg shook as I stood at the edge of orgasm. Seeing that, my sister stopped.
"Cum on her," she encouraged me. "Shoot your load on her pussy."
Vanessa looked down to watch as I stepped in between her legs. Unable to see, Sarah stood beside Vanessa. She put one arm around her neck, and fondled her tits with her other. I stepped closer to Vanessa's steamy cunt as I continued to stroke myself. Closer now, the tip just touching her moist lips. Both girls watched as I let the tip of my cock just lightly touch the pretty pussy in front of me. I let the tip smear my cream all over her puffy lips. I looked at my sister, who nodded her approval. With that, I stepped forward even more, and let my head separate Vanessa's pussy lips, and just slip inside. I fed her hungry cunt the head of my cock, plus about another inch. Resting neatly just inside of her, I stroked myself feverishly. Feeling that I was just about to explode, I released myself. I pulled out at the very instant my orgasm hit.
Now free of her cunt, my cock popped up, and fired a ribbon of semen up between Vanessa's breasts. I left a streak from her chin all the way to her pussy. I took my right hand and pushed my cock down as it continued to spray my hot sperm. I pointed it directly at her snatch, and thoroughly painted it. I let it dip inside briefly, and injected one shot of cum inside of her. The contact pushed her over the edge, and she came, her pussy briefly gripped my cock, and attempted to suck me deeper within. Feeling that I was about empty, I started stroking myself again, dripping the last of the contents of my nuts on Vanessa's pussy.
My still-rigid cock made contact with Vanessa's twat again as Sarah came to kiss me. I hugged her tightly, Vanessa's leg trapped between us.
"That was hot," Sarah breathed into my mouth. "We should do that again."
"Fuck yes, we should," Vanessa chimed in, still breathing hard.
We all shared a chuckle before attempting to compose ourselves.
"I don't suppose I'll be needing these clothes anymore," Vanessa said, as she gathered her discarded clothing. She made no effort to clean up the cum that coated her sex. It ran down her legs as she busied herself. "Can I put these with your laundry?"
"Sure," Sarah replied. "Right this way."
She led Vanessa to our bedroom, and disposed of her laundry in our closet with what few clothes we had in there already. She then took Vanessa's hand and proceeded to give her a tour of the house. She was amazed at how much space we had.
"There's enough room for more people to stay here than just the two of you," she said.
"Yea, I'm sure we'll have people over at times, and since we're so far from town, everyone can stay here. We've got lots of space. I think you'll like the bedroom upstairs off the loft."
I watched as two gorgeous, bare asses ascended the stairs. Sarah's inner thighs were wet with her pussy juices, and Vanessa's thighs were glistening with drying semen. I couldn't wait to fuck them again. I was still in shock that my sister let me put my cock inside of her friend's pussy. I wondered how far she'd let me go with her. I never thought about fucking her, or anyone else, since it was my sister who I love, and only her pussy that I dreamt of. But, if my love wants me to put my penis inside of her friend, I would as long as it makes her happy. She told me a long time ago that I couldn't do that, but it seems that now that we're here, things may change. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet, but maybe it will grow on me.
"Ladies, I'm going to leave you to it. I've got some calls to make; things to do."
"Okay," they replied in unison.
I went to call a local motor sports dealer, and order a couple of things. I found a brand new CanAm 1100 side by side, and a 1,000 CC four wheeler online, and figured we could use them out here on this vast lay of land that we now owned. Our tender bare feet would take a while to get used to walking around this place, so these would help us get around. I made arrangements to have them delivered to the property, and they would arrive this evening. It would be too dark to ride tonight, especially after we get done unloading the truck, but we could play tomorrow for a break from setting things up. I was glad Vanessa was here to help with that.
I went outside, and walked out to one of the outbuildings. It's the same one where the tractor and skid steer were housed. I admired the machinery that was now ours, and assessed the space, and whether it could accommodate the new cycles. Of course it would, there was plenty of space in there. I thought about my lover; my sister, and my cock grew painfully erect as I strolled around the huge shed. I dripped as I walked, but it was no matter. It would never be a problem on the concrete floor. Laughing to myself, I grasped my rigid pole and gave it a few quick strokes.
The air was still cool, and not warming much at all. I recalled how it's supposed to snow later this week, and wondered if Sarah would be up for a naked romp in the snow. To stay warm, I went for a walk in the woods. I headed up a hill that would make a decent trail. I was just exploring, and looking for possible places to hunt. It's deer season here, and maybe I could bag one soon if we get settled and time allows. I saw several while on my walk, and eyed a few good spots where I could put a stand. I used an app on my phone to make sure the spots were on our property, and they were by a long way. This was going to be great. I looked forward to teaching Sarah how to hunt, but all I could do was imagine her naked, and sitting on my penis while we waited for deer to come by. I'm sure the scent would fuck things up, but I'm pretty sure I'll still fuck her on a hunting trip at some point. I'll have to get one of those enclosed stands, and put a heater in it so my naked little nymph sister doesn't get too cold.
It felt like the temperature was dropping, so I headed back to the house. I took my time, since barefoot was slow going for me. It's so perfectly liberating to be out here completely naked in the woods, out in the open, without a single care in the world. As I walked, I thought about how little time had passed since my sister and I had become lovers, nudists, and exhibitionists. The time seemed short, anyway, but in reality, it had been quite a while. As I approached he house, I noted that both of our cars were in the driveway, but there were three of us here. Vanessa had driven Sarah's up, which meant that at some point, we were going to have to take her to the airport to fly home. It felt a bit sad at that thought. I was going to miss her, and I know Sarah was, too. What would she do being out here all alone? I shook it off, and went inside.
I found the girls in bed together, the blanket only covering their hips. They were naked, lying on their sides facing each other. I noted that their hair was wet, and deduced that they must have showered. They saw me come in; I wasn't trying to sneak, and watched as I admired both of their beautiful bodies. They lay close enough that their nipples almost touched, and as it goes, my penis drooled at the sight. I'd have crawled in with them, and made sweet love, but I was getting hungry as it approached noon. I figured they would be hungry for lunch.
"What's up, ladies," I asked.
"Not as much as you," Vanessa joked, gesturing at my penis standing at full mast.
"Ha ha," I replied. "Did you get everything sorted?"
Sarah said, "we have a pretty good plan. We also have something we need to talk to you about, and I hope you won't be upset."
"Oh Jesus," I replied. "Those conversations never end well."
"No, no, it's not like that. This is a good thing...I think."
"Alright, well let's get some lunch, and we'll talk then."
I watched as the naked beauties crawled out of the bed. Their damp hair made them both look exceptionally sexy, and I stepped out of the doorway and allowed them to pass. As they did, Sarah grasped my cock, and gave it a slippery squeeze. She was left with a handful of precum, which she ate as Vanessa watched. I love how she's not at all conscious of her own nudity, nor does she care if someone watches her eat her brother's cum.
"I'll make some sandwiches," Vanessa said. "You two just chill."
Sarah leaned against the island, and I stepped closely beside her. I put my hand on the small of her back, and ran hand down until I could press it between her cheeks. I let my fingers rest against her hole as we stood talking.
"So what's the talk we need to have?"
Vanessa turned notably red with embarrassment as Sarah started, "so we were thinking. We're out here in the middle of nowhere, in this huge house, and it's going to be a lot of work to keep it up. Plus, there are things to do outside, like gardening and yard work."
"Ok, I told you I'd help with everything, and teach you, too, so what's the problem?"
"It's not a problem, but I figured we could use some help. See, Nessa doesn't really have anything to go back to in Texas. Her parents are there, but you know how they get along."
"So what are you saying? Out with it."
"She could stay here with us. She won't exactly be our maid, because that's demeaning, but she'll help with all of the housework, meals, and outside stuff."
"How much money did you agree on, since you already worked this out? I feel like you've already discussed this a lot more than you're letting on." I wasn't sure how that would be answered, but it came quickly.
"No money," Sarah said.
"Then how will she be compensated?"
I watched as Vanessa's bare breasts jiggled as she prepared sandwiches and stood silently working. They turned red again, and I knew there was compensatory discussion.
"She can stay here for free, so we'll provide housing and mmph."
"What was that?" Sarah mumbles something at the end there, and I didn't quite catch what she said. "Housing and what?"
"Pleasure," she replied, looking up at me sheepishly.
"Wait...what? What kind of pleasure?"
"Sexual," she replied bluntly.
"I thought we had this talk. I only want to have sex with you. You're the one I love, and I don't want to share you with anyone."
"We did say that, and I promise you that this is the only exception. I just don't want her to be lonely, and it will make me so happy if she could play with us...with you."
"Are you listening to yourself? You're asking me to pleasure another woman."
"I know, but I will, too."
Thinking back to just a few short hours ago, my cock throbbed. My lover, my sister, my wife is telling me she wants me to pleasure another woman, and that she was going to participate. I must have died and gone to heaven.
"What are the rules," I asked.
"No rules, no catches. We'll help her be happy and satisfied, and she'll help us with the property. She wants to be naked with us all the time, and will be available for sex any time to either or both of us."
"I don't know, this seems like a lot," I said, even though I was already willing to take the deal. Hell, what guy wouldn't? "So you're telling me that it's ok if I walk around this counter right now, and put this cock inside of Vanessa's pussy? And I can do that any time?"
"Yes," Sarah replied. Vanessa, having finished making sandwiches, stood watching apprehensively but with anticipation.
"And Vanessa," I started, "you'll let that happen any time."
"Yes," she replied with a somewhat shaky voice.
Sarah turned to face me, dislodging my fingers from her tush. She looked at me with glistening and pleading eyes.
"And what are your rules," I asked of Vanessa.
"I don't have any. Anything you do or have done to Sarah is what you can do to me."
I turned my eyes back to Sarah, who still looked at me pleadingly. I slid my hand from her bare tush, and slowly walked around to where Vanessa stood, never letting my eyes break contact with my sister. She quickly stepped around the island to see what I was up to. I placed my hands gently on Vanessa's hips, causing her to suck in a deep breath. I stepped closer, and pushed my cock down between her legs. She bent at her waist, and spread her legs apart. When I pushed in and touched her steamy pussy with my cock she stopped breathing in anticipation. Sarah watched as I lined myself up and sank my penis into Vanessa's hungry cunt. I fed it into her slowly, questioning Sarah, and giving her a chance to stop me. When I was balls deep in strange pussy, Sarah still hadn't stopped me. In fact, she had one hand on her own sopping twat, and one on her breasts as she watched me impale her best friend with the penis that had previously been dedicated to her alone.
With one hand, I reached around to diddle Vanessa's clit, and the other went to her dangling tits. They were smaller than Sarah's but still fuckable and firm. Getting no resistance from anyone, I fucked Vanessa soundly. Her body gave in to me. She relaxed her upper body on the island, and gave in completely to pleasure as I fucker her with reckless abandon. Sarah stepped in close, and replaced my hand on Vanessa's clit with her own. She felt the connection of where my penis entered her friend, and joined in the pleasure I was giving her. Vanessa cried out as we pleasured her body. Sarah kissed me, and thanked me for doing this. She told me I made her happy, so I continued to fill that slipper tunnel with my meat.
Flesh slapped flesh as I fucked her. I wasn't making love to her. I was straight fucking her, and I was planning to full on dump my load into her womb.
"Are. You. Safe?" I asked between thrusts.
"Cum in me...fill me with that creamy goodness," came her reply.
With a final thrust, I held myself inside of her as deeply as I could as my balls gave forth their life-giving cream. After the first couple of big squirts were deposited deep inside her womb, I started slowly withdrawing, painting the inside of her tight pussy all the way out. When my cock flopped free, Sarah cupped Vanessa's pussy and smeared cum all over her. She scooped some up and wiped it between her ass cheeks. Vanessa stood spent, barely able to hang on to the counter. I let my rigid cock lead me to the fridge to get a drink while the ladies held each other.
"So is that a yes," Sarah asked, still stroking Vanessa's dripping pussy. She still looked at me with those pleading eyes. That gaze told me that accepting another woman in our relationship was indeed going to make her happy, and that's what I wanted most. I still couldn't believe my sister had just let me cum inside of her best friend. My cock remained a solid chunk of steel, a combination of pussy juices and cum coating it.
"Yes, if that's what makes you happy."
Sarah ran to me, and leapt into my arms. She kissed me deeply before making me put her down. She dropped to her knees, and proceed to clean the cum and juice from my penis. Vanessa still lay sprawled over the island counter, her legs still spread and cum running down her legs. Once my sister had thoroughly cleaned my cock and balls, she stood and went to tend to her friend. Vanessa was finally able to regain her composure, and we all sat and devoured the delicious sandwiches she had put together.
"This is going to be new," she said.
"Of course it is," I replied. "I don't think this is a common thing, and brother and sister lover pair taking in a houseguest to fuck is way out there for anyone."
We laughed at that comment, and sat sipping iced tea.
Vanessa came to the realization that she would need to quit her job as a dental hygienist so she could move up here with us. It suddenly hit her that this was going to be a major change, aside from a steady diet of dick, and being frequently pleasured by a sibling duo. Sarah offered to help her in any way she could, including helping her pay to move her things. It was decided that she would live in the bedroom upstairs with the loft. She'd have plenty of space up there if she ever needed some alone time. She joked that she would leave her clothes there in Texas, but Sarah reminded her that we still go out, so she'd need something, no matter how minimal. She vowed to burn her undergarments, as she embraced our lifestyle of being nude as often as possible.
I couldn't wait for our furniture to arrive. We didn't have any place to sit and lounge until then, other than our makeshift air bed.
"Let's take a walk to the lake," Sarah suggested.
"Naked," Vanessa asked.
"Of course, silly. And why not," came Sarah's reply.
"But it's cold out there, isn't it?"
I said, "it is, but if you're going to embrace our nudist lifestyle, you may as well get used to it."
I think she was more apprehensive. This wasn't really public, and I reminded her that she need not worry, because we're on 400 acres with no one around as far as the eye could see.
"Ok," she replied, still a bit apprehensive. "Let's do it."
We stepped outside, the immediately felt the chill. I watched as both girls' nipples became instantly rock hard. Little goose bumps formed around them. I put my arm around both of my girls, one on each side, and off we went to the lake. I figured we'd have enough time to take a quick look around before our things arrived.
Leaves covered the pathway, and crunched under our feet. There was a certain crispness to the air, and it certainly felt like it could snow in the very near future, just as was predicted. I only hoped we could get settled in before it hit. Winters in the Midwest can be a bitch sometimes, and are hard to forecast, so there's no telling how much we'll get.
Considering the forecast, I said, "we should go to town in the morning and get more groceries and stuff. With the snow that's forecast, we need to be prepared."
The girls agreed, and started talking about the things we'd need. The lake came into view, and it took Vanessa's breath away.
"Can you swim in it," she asked.
"Sure," I replied, "but we better wait until spring." I playfully pulled her tightly to me to let her know I was messing with her. I couldn't watch where I was going. I was busy watching four amazing breasts bounce to and fro with each step we took.
"Can I ask you a question," Vanessa inquired of me.
"Of course," I replied. "Anything you want to know."
"Does...does it every go down?"
"What, my penis?"
"Yes, and does it ever stop dripping?"
"Yes, it does go down, but not often. When you live with someone as sexy as my sister, who has an insatiable appetite for it, it's hard to make it go down."
Sarah laughed, but didn't deny it.
"And no, it really never stops dripping. I make a lot of precum, and when my cock is hard, it always flows."
"That's hot, but what do you do to clean up after it?"
Sarah piped up, and said, "most of the time, I get it in my mouth straight from the source. Some gets on the floor, but I clean it a lot, and I've learned to live with it."
"You suck his dick a lot?"
Instead of answering, my sister stopped us near the edge of the lake, and went to her knees again. She took my cock in her mouth and sucked hungrily. As Vanessa and I watched, she let go, and opened her mouth below the tip. She squeezed my cock, and worked her fist from the base to the tip. A large stream of precum dropped onto her tongue, and she swallowed it all.
"So you see, it helps to get it from the source."
"This is crazy," Vanessa said. "I still am amazed every time you two do something sexual, and doing it out in the open makes my pussy tingle."
"There will be plenty of times when I'll put my dick inside of you out here in the open, but for now, we better get back. The truck should be here soon, and so should our wheelers."
Taking my ladies in my arms again, we slowly strolled back to the house. As we were within feet of the house, we could hear the gravel crunching on our road, a sign that someone was coming. We stepped it up so we could get back inside to make ourselves decent before whoever it was got here. Vanessa worried about putting on dirty clothes, so Sarah gave her a flimsy dress to wear. She put on one Sarah's hoodie, too. It was chilly enough that she'd need to stay warm enough to function. Sarah asked if she could wear my hoodie. I wasn't planning on it, since I find it challenging to work effectively with it on. She took it, and zipped it part way over her naked body. That's all she wore. It was big enough on her that even if she bent over, it would be difficult to tell that she was naked beneath. I took the responsible lead and zipped her up a little bit more. I love to look at her exposed body, but we were about to need to focus on unloading and placing things.
I threw on my sweats and a t-shirt, and we went out on the deck to await the arrival of the truck. I was relived to see it come through the trees. I talked to the driver and his crew, and waited while they positioned the truck and immediately got to work. I jumped in to help carry stuff in, but the guy stopped me, telling me that he and his crew have it under control. All I needed to do was tell them where to go with things.
At the back of the truck was our bedroom set, so I hurriedly ran to empty the air mattress so they'd have room to put our bed. Seeing the bed come off, Vanessa asked if she should take the couch until we could get her bed here. Sarah looked at me, and I could read her expression, and knew exactly what she wanted me to answer.
"No, Ness. You'll sleep with us until we get your stuff here."
She smiled, clearly satisfied with that response.
These guys work fast. About an hour in and halfway through the load, the other truck pulled up. It was just a pickup with a trailer. I met the driver, signed the title applications and credit card receipt, and he unloaded. I noticed the girls watching excitedly out the window as the looked at the new toys. Once the driver departed, I drove each to the shed, and locked them securely inside. As fast as things are going here with the move, I was pretty sure we'd have time to play tomorrow. I imagined riding in the side by side with two beautiful naked women, and my cock stirred. I shook it off, as I wanted to be presentable for the moving crew still. I'd be lewd for my girls later, but business first.
Not long after I made it back to the house, the guys finished. They stayed long enough to set up the heavy stuff, like our bedroom set, and arrange the living room the way Sarah instructed. They were great to work with, so I got some cash out of Sarah's car, and tipped them significantly. They gathered their blankets and dollies, and packed up to leave. As soon as they heard the doors on the truck close, my girls shed their clothes. Before they could even pull away, my naked nymphs joined me on the deck, and we waved to the truck as it left.
"So do you want to see our new toys," I asked the girls.
They jumped up and down, and said, "YES."
Before I could say anything more, they headed towards the shed. I watched as two totally different but equally cute naked asses ran across the lawn ahead of me. I couldn't help but think about how luck I am to have that view whenever I wanted it. The girls waited anxiously for me to come open the shed. I did, and they ran straight to the toys. They pulled the protective plastic from the seats, and disposed of it. I just stood watching as they made ready to play.
"I've never ridden one of these," Sarah said as she climbed aboard the huge four wheeler. "Is this how you ride?"
She followed the question up by posing on the machine. She stood straddling the seat, and leaned forward to put her hands on the grips. Her breasts hung below her, and her ass was thrust back. She looked incredibly sexy, posing naked on the new bike.
"Looks right to me," I said.
"Me, too," chimed Vanessa, watching her gorgeous friend.
I stripped and left my clothes on the floor, and jumped on the massive bike behind my sister. Vanessa watched as I plugged my cock into my sister's pussy. She went to suck on Sarah's dangling breasts as I immediately started thrusting myself in and out of my sisters hungry, tight pussy. Her hands were all over her body, and she eventually made her way back to watch the action. I allowed her room to dip her fingers in our juices, and use that as lubrication to put her fingers in Sarah's ass. She finger-fucked my sister's cute little but as I continued to pummel her cunt.
I sat down on the seat, pulling Sarah back with me. She put her feet up on the seat, and rode me. Her perfect tits bounced firmly with every thrust. Vanessa used the opportunity to put her hand where we joined, and let her fingers graze over my cock as it was devoured by my sister's hungry pussy. Vanessa again sucked Sarah's breasts as she rode my cock. Her tongue stuck out and ran across her nipple as Sarah bounced on my cock.
"Cum in me, J. Please cum in me," Sarah begged.
I reached for Vanessa and caught her tit in my hand. I pulled her to me, so I could suckle her breasts. She stepped up on the foot board and leaned in so I could suck her. She fed me her nipples, letting me suck one, then the other. And then I came. I dumped a huge load into my sisters pussy as she rode me. At the same time, she came. Our combined juices flowed down onto the new vinyl, making a complete mess of it. Sarah finally stood and withdrew from my boner. Juices and cum dripped from her most delicate folds. Vanessa was there to lap it up. She awkwardly lay beneath Sarah, and covered her pussy with her mouth, consuming the fluids that escaped her. How the hell was I going to go soft now? Seeing this had me again dumping out precum as though I needed to fuck again. There's time for that later, but right now, there's still work to do.
"Let's get to the house, ladies. We have a lot to do tonight still, and I have to pee."
The girls exchanged glances and smiles, and we composed ourselves enough to close up the shed. The girls slowly walked ahead, hoping I'd catch them. In short time, I did. I didn't go to my sister, though. I wrapped my arms around Vanessa's waist, and held her firm. Sarah stood silently watching as closely as she could in the waning sunlight. My still slippery cock found its way between Vanessa's perky cheeks, and I felt her body tense as I made contact with her rectum. Smiling, Sarah grasped my cock, and pulled me towards her friend, encouraging me along. Slowly, Vanessa relaxed, and let me slide into her bowels.
"Fuck my ass," she told me.
"No," I replied. I saw her look at Sarah, who just smiled.
Ever so painfully slowly, I fed every inch of my cock into Vanessa's butt. Pulling her tightly to me to get as deep into her as I could, my balls finally tucked in between her cheeks, and I held us tightly together.
"Please fuck my ass," she begged.
I didn't say anything. Sarah plunged her fingers into her friend's pussy and held them there, much like my cock planted in her ass. Concentrating hard, I was finally able to start pissing.
"There it is," Sarah whispered.
Vanessa's breath ceased when she felt me start to fill her. I took a baby step or two to push even further into her hole, and continued to relieve myself inside of her. I don't think she ever took a breath until I finished. I felt her sphincter flexing around me as she came.
"Now here's the trick," I said, as I finished peeing in her, and started to slowly soften. "You need to grip me hard. Stop relaxing, because if you do, it will all come out before you want it to. Just tighten your muscles, and I'll pull out."
She nodded in understanding, and I felt her grip me extremely tight. It felt like she got tighter as I withdrew, and I wondered if I was going to be able to overcome her grip. Finally, with an audible pop, my cock sprang free of her dirty confines. Not a drop was spilled, and she carried my fluid with her all the way to the house.
Suddenly, I awoke with a start. This had all been a dream! I knew there was no way my sister was going to be open to me fucking someone else, even if it was Vanessa. Still, though, I couldn't get the thoughts out of my mind, and I got out of bed to prepare for what was to come...