Adam and Courtney Page moved into their quaint little neighborhood about two years ago, shortly after they were married. They loved their home and most of their neighbors, everyone that is, except the Millers next door. Ron and Claire Miller were uptight and frigid people. No matter how hard Adam and Courtney tried to be friendly and neighborly, the Millers were rude. The Millers favorite form of confrontation was passive aggressive notes that Claire would leave in the Page's mailbox commenting on "the outlandish level of tackiness" when the Page's would decorate for the holidays or the occasional note regarding their "unruly" lawn if Adam didn't cut the grass every week. Courtney and Adam didn't know much about the Millers, other than they were a career oriented couple in their mid thirties with no children.
It was the second week of June and Courtney was walking out to the mailbox to check for a small package she had been waiting on for a couple of days. As she reached the mailbox a black town car pulled up to the Miller's house. It caught Courtney's attention as the Millers left for the airport in a similar car that morning with suitcases. Courtney figured they were off on another business trip as they did a couple of times a month. The driver opened the back passenger side and a young woman stepped out. She glanced around and noticed Courtney standing at the mailbox. The young woman spoke to the driver and pointed towards the front steps, signaling where he drop off her suitcases. Then she started walking toward Courtney.
Courtney found herself staring at the attractive young woman. She couldn't have been a day over 19. She had beautiful sun kissed skin and flowing dark brown hair. She wore a thin blue and white sundress that tightly hugged her gorgeous D cup breasts and tight little tummy. The dress hugged all of her sexy curves in just the right places. She was a little bit of a thing, Courtney thought, couldn't have been taller than 5'3".
"Hi! You must be the neighbor; I'm Natalia, Claire and Ron's daughter." the young woman said lowering her chic black sunglasses, revealing her beautiful green eyes.
"Oh wow, I didn't know the Millers had a daughter! I'm Courtney, my husband Adam and I moved in about two years ago. We haven't seen you around before." Courtney was a little confused.
"I just finished up my first year at the university. Before that I attended Emory Hall in London." Courtney still looked a little confused. "It's a boarding school. I'm not really surprised my parents didn't mention me; they're much more into their careers than their only child." Natalia said rolling her eyes.
"We aren't really that close with your parents. They keep to themselves most of the time when they aren't away on business. In fact, I'm pretty sure they left this morning, were they expecting you to come in today?" Courtney asked
"Well we certainly have that in common; I'm not really close with them either. They knew I was coming in today but they couldn't move their work schedules around, something about a big international merger that couldn't wait. They'll be gone for at least another two weeks."
"Gotcha. Well, if you need anything I'm around most of the time. My husband owns a business so he works long hours. I have a lot of free time." Courtney laughed
"I just may take you up on that" Natalia smiled "It was nice to meet you Courtney, I better go tip that poor driver. Those suitcases weighed a ton! I'll see you around" Natalia turned and walked back towards her house. Courtney found her eyes glued to the vision of that beautiful girl walking away in her thin, tight sundress. Natalia tipped the patient driver waiting at the front steps and turned to smile at Courtney before walking into her front door.
Later that night when Adam came home from work Courtney told him all about her run in with the Miller's daughter.
"That's strange. Well, then again they are pretty strange people. I'm glad she didn't get her mother's cold demeanor. She sounds like a pleasant girl." Adam said as he drifted off to sleep. Courtney lie awake next to her exhausted husband, feeling restless and anxious. She stood up and made her way to the kitchen to get something to eat. As she stood over the kitchen sink eating a cookie, she looked out the window and saw a shadow of a man in the Miller's backyard. She was about to go wake Adam when she saw Natalia come outside in a skimpy little bikini and drop to her knees. Courtney watched as Natalia pulled down the man's pants and pulled out an average sized cock. She just couldn't pull herself away from watching this beautiful young girl take the hard cock in and out of her mouth. The man put his hands on the back of Natalia's head and pushed himself deeper into her throat. Natalia took his throbbing cock out of her mouth with a pop. She stood up and lowered her bikini bottoms. The man picked her up and rammed his growing member into her pussy. He fucked her hard and fast. It was so primal and was turning Courtney on like nothing she had ever seen before. Her own pussy was soaked and in the need of relief. She quietly crept to the guest bedroom and fingered her pussy to orgasm while she thought about what she just watched out of her kitchen window.
The next morning Adam woke up and looked for his wife. He found her with her hand still down her silky little pajama shorts, passed out from what must have been an intense orgasm. Seeing his wife like that turned him on. He got in between his wife's legs and moved her shorts off to the side. He slowly began licking around the finger that was buried deep into her pussy. She started to squirm and woke up to find her husband slowly and sensually licking her pussy. When he noticed her sitting up and looking down at what he was doing, he aggressively started eating her out until an orgasm ripped through her body, coating his scruffy facial hair in her juices. He moved up her body and started fucking that soaked pussy until she felt him tremor on top of her and release a huge cum shot, deep into her pussy. The two of them collapsed onto the guest bed, completely spent. Eventually Adam peeled himself away from his horny wife and left for work. Courtney felt like she was in a daze. She peeled off her cum soaked clothes and turned on the shower when she heard a knock at the door. She figured Adam must have just forgotten his keys on the counter again and locked himself out. She wrapped a towel around her body and bounced down the stairs to open the door. As she opened the door she saw Natalia standing there instead of her husband. Courtney clutched the towel around her body.
"Hi Natalia, I'm so sorry, I thought Adam forgot his keys again." Courtney blushed.
Natalia laughed "Don't worry about it, I feel like I caught you at a bad time. I should come back later."
"I was just about to jump into the shower; it'll only take a minute. Come on in." Courtney opened the door wider "Here have a seat on the couch, I'll be down in a minute."
Natalia watched as Courtney bounced up the stairs in her fluffy white towel. She had a seat on the couch and looked around the large living room. A few minutes later, an iPad on the coffee table lit up and showed a preview of a text message with a photo. Natalia glanced over at the iPad and saw a dick pic on the screen that said "can't wait for round 2" with a winking face. Natalia listened to hear the shower still running and knew she had a few minutes before Courtney came back. She picked up the iPad and slid to unlock it, revealing the conversation between Courtney and her husband. The couple must have synced the device to Courtney's phone. Natalia clicked to enlarge the picture and stared at the huge thick cock on the screen. It was like nothing Natalia had ever seen before. It was truly massive. She was so engrossed in the picture that she didn't even notice the shower turn off.
Courtney was about to come down the stairs when she noticed Natalia staring at the photo of her husband's cock on the iPad. She decided that she could have a little more fun with this and quietly tip toed back into the bedroom. Another picture came through, this time it was of a cleanly waxed pussy with a finger in it. It must have been Courtney, Natalia thought! She was watching them sext live and it was turning her on. When Natalia clicked the picture, she realized it was a video, she was watching Courtney finger her pussy for her husband. Natalia heard Courtney walking towards the stairs and quickly turned the iPad off and returned it to the coffee table. Courtney smirked when she saw Natalia nervously sitting on the couch. She was almost to the bottom of the stairs when she heard another knock at the door. Their mailman, Gary was standing in the doorway with a package for Courtney. She thanked him and closed the door.
"So sweetie, what's up?" Courtney said to Natalia as she held the small package.
"I just wanted to see if you wanted to come over and hang out with me by the pool today. It's such a nice day."
"That sounds perfect. But I would have to run out and buy a bathing suit. Adam and I went on vacation last summer and the airline lost my luggage with all of my bathing suits. I never got around to getting a new one for the summer." Courtney sighed
"I have plenty that you can borrow if you want, it'll save you a trip." Natalia offered.
"If you don't mind, sure. Let me just run this upstairs and then we can head over." Courtney said holding up the package. She ran upstairs and eagerly opened the package she had been waiting for.
Natalia was about to stand up when she saw the iPad light up again with another message, this time a receipt from a website called Adult Entertainment Unlimited. It thanked Courtney for her order and confirmed that the package was delivered. The message displayed small pictures of a variety of vibrators and dildos that said "Enjoy your purchase!" Natalia felt herself getting wet again. She turned off the iPad and stood up. Courtney came down the stairs.
"Ready?" she asked with a smile.
"Oh, uhm, yep. I'm ready." Natalia nervously led the way over to her house. It was the first time Courtney had been inside of the Miller's house. It was much bigger than theirs. "C'mon all of my bathing suits are upstairs in my closet" Natalia took Courtney upstairs to a huge room that looked bigger than her and Adam's master bedroom. It had a huge walk in closet and beautiful bathroom. A phone started to ring downstairs. Natalia put a few different bikinis on the bed and told Courtney to pick one, she would be right back and that it was probably her parents calling from overseas. Courtney picked a sexy black bikini from the pile when she noticed an iPad underneath the bikinis. She heard Natalia downstairs still talking with her parents and figured she had a few minutes. She clicked the iPad on and it opened to a porn website! Courtney was curious; she turned down the volume and played the video. It was of a girl seducing her neighbor into lesbian sex! This was all way too much. Was Natalia trying to seduce her? Was it just a coincidence? Courtney felt her pussy getting wet. She heard Natalia coming so she paused the video and quickly stuffed it back under the bikinis.
"Sorry about that, my parents were calling so I had to talk to them whenever they actually get the chance. Did you pick one?"
"Yup, this one looks like it should fit." Courtney said holding up the black bikini.
"Cool, I think I'm going to go with a blue one today." Natalia went to scoop up the pile of bikinis when her hand brushed the screen of the iPad and the porn started playing. Natalia fumbled with the bathing suits for a minute to free her hand and quickly turn off the video. "Oh my gosh I am SO sorry. That's so embarrassing. You probably think I'm some kind of weirdo. I understand if you want to go." Natalia frowned avoiding eye contact with Courtney. Courtney was already horny and decided to push this a little further, to see how far she could take this.
"I don't scare that easily" Courtney laughed. "Plus I think it's kinda sexy, the whole lesbian porn thing. Have you ever been with a girl before?" Courtney asked.
"No." Natalia lied. She thought back to her time at Emory Hall. Living in a boarding school with all girls, they were bound to dabble in lesbianism. Courtney looked disappointed but wasn't ready to let it go.
"That's too bad. I've always been curious." Courtney shrugged as she removed her clothes and started putting on the bikini as if Natalia was one of her closest girlfriends.
Natalia found herself staring at Courtney's sexy body. She was a little taller at about 5'5" and was about a cup size bigger with firm DD's. That bikini was definitely sexier and much more filled out on Courtney, Natalia thought.
"Ready?" Courtney asked as she adjusted the bikini top.
"Yeah, I'll be right down. You can go out to the pool if you want." Natalia said.
"Ok" Courtney smiled and stepped over her shorts and panties on the floor. She made sure to leave them in plain sight as they were soaked from how horny Natalia was making her. As soon as Courtney got down to the pool, she picked up her phone and opened their home security system app. She panned the cameras to the Miller's backyard. If anything happened, she wanted to be able to show Adam. It was always one of his biggest fantasies for his wife to be with another woman. Adam didn't know that Courtney knew about his fantasy or his kinky voyeur side. Courtney found out one day when she was using his laptop in the office to pull up a recipe for dinner. When she opened the browser, a porn website popped up on the screen. She noticed that the type selected as all voyeur porn. Instead of being upset she was instantly turned on. She opened the favorites file on the website and noticed tons of videos of wives having lesbian sex and ffm threesomes with wives. She knew that if one day the opportunity came up, she would absolutely make this fantasy come true for her husband. Courtney texted Adam, I think there's something you'd be interested in about to go down on the security cameras. Take a peek and hurry home ;) xo
Meanwhile upstairs, Natalia was putting on her bikini when she noticed Courtney's soaked panties on the floor. She picked them up and ran her finger over the juices. She brought her finger up to her nose and breathed in the intoxicating scent. She couldn't stand being this horny. She needed relief, but she remembered that there was a beautiful and equally horny woman down stairs at the pool. When she got outside Courtney was untying the bikini and looking at her tan lines.
"Tan lines are the worst." She scowled. "I hope you don't mind. I figured it's a pretty private backyard. The only house who can see into your backyard is mine anyway." Courtney hinted as she removed the bikini top.
"Oh, yeah, of course. Go ahead." Natalia stammered as the watched Courtney lying next to her in nothing other than bikini bottoms. Her mind raced back to last night. She noticed a light on in Courtney's house but wasn't even thinking that they could see her when she was in the backyard. "So you guys can see into the whole backyard from your house?" Natalia asked
"Don't worry, I'm not going to tell anyone. I enjoyed it too much." Courtney winked.
Natalia smiled back. She thought about Courtney watching her last night while she was on her knees in the backyard, sucking off a stranger.
"So was he your boyfriend?" Courtney asked
"No, I found him on some hook-up app. I didn't really know him." Natalia blushed
"That's pretty hot. Although you should be careful, you never know who's going to show up at your door these days from those things."
"I know. I probably won't do it again. I just really needed it last night and I don't know anyone around here. This is the first summer I've been back to the states. Usually I spend the summer with my grandparents in London."
"Well, you know someone now, don't you?" Courtney winked. Natalia just smiled so Courtney decided to be a little more aggressive, "I better take these bottoms off before I ruin them. Thinking about that tight little pussy of yours getting fucked last night and watching you take that guy's cock down your throat is making me really wet and horny." Courtney peeled the bottoms off and brought her finger down to her pussy. Natalia couldn't take the sexual tension anymore. She put her hand down into her own bikini bottoms and started fingering her aching pussy. Excited that Natalia took the bait, Courtney went over to Natalia's lounger and pulled back the small triangle of material covering her nipple. Courtney put her lips up to the hardening nipple and started sucking on those gorgeous full tits. Natalia moaned and reached to squeeze Courtney's round with her other hand. Courtney let out a moan and straddled Natalia, leaning down to give her a deep sexual kiss.
"You are a horny little slut, aren't you?" Courtney whispered in Natalia's ear as she moaned. "Tell me what you want." Courtney said as she forcefully grabbed a handful of Natalia's hair. Courtney didn't know what was coming over her. She was never so aggressive and purely sexual. Something about this girl sent her over the edge.
"I want you." Natalia grunted as Courtney grabbed her pussy with her other hand.
"Tell me what you want me to do to you, Natalia." Courtney demanded
"I want you to lick my pussy and make me cum all over your face. I want to fuck your sexy pussy with my tongue until you fucking cummmm" Natalia groaned.
Courtney ripped off Natalia's bikini bottoms and pushed the lounger all the way back. She flipped around and started grinding her pussy onto Natalia's mouth. "That's it, baby girl, lick that pussy, make me fucking cum" Courtney dove right into Natalia's waiting pussy and licked it and fucked it with her tongue until cum started gushing out of both of their wet cunts. With both of their clits becoming sensitive after such an intense orgasm, Courtney stood up and layed back down next to Natalia who was panting like a dog. She was caressing her beautiful tits when she looked up and saw her husband staring out the kitchen window. He had never seen this side of his wife before and didn't know what had come over her, but when he got that text, he just knew he needed to get home quickly. He sped all the way home and rushed over to the Miller's backyard.
None the wiser, Natalia kissed Courtney deeply and cooed.
"Well it looks like I missed quite the party" a deep voice said, startling Natalia. Natalia looked up to see Adam standing over her, as her legs were intertwined with his wife's, Courtney's naked pussy grinding her thigh. She was still feeling high from her orgasm and was really hoping he wasn't angry. Then she saw his hard cock pitching a tent in his basketball shorts and she knew anger was definitely not what he was feeling.
"Baby, you should taste this pussy. It's amazing." Courtney smiled as she started playing with Natalia's bare pussy, offering it to her husband as if it was something she owned. "That is, only if it's alright with Natalia."
"Natalia, is it ok if I have a little taste of your sexy little pussy? My wife says it's delicious." Adam asked.
Natalia glanced over at Courtney for approval and then she said "Only if you fuck me while I lick your wife's pussy and make her cum all over my face." Courtney and Adam were both stunned at how bold this shy little nympho was becoming.
"Sounds like we better take this inside to get a little more comfortable." Adam suggested, leading the naked ladies through his backyard and upstairs into their bedroom. He started clicking a couple things on his phone as the women got onto the bed. Courtney smirked. She knew he was turning on cameras in the room, to film what was about to happen...
(to be continued)