One weekend this last summer Jon took me to a big out-door concert. Fortunately, the weather was reasonable that night. I wasn't really looking forward to it and the names of the Bands didn't really mean anything to me. When we got there it was well into the programme and there were what seemed like millions of people all singing and waving, and a lot of deafening horrible noise. Jon had taken a little back-pack with him but wouldn't tell me what was in it. This didn't bother me as Jon often keeps little secrets from me and I know that I will find out eventually. These secrets usually mean that I'm in for a little 'treat' sometime soon.
I was getting quite bored and a little deaf when Jon pulled me by the hand to one corner of the packed crowd near the stage. We stood there for a few seconds as Jon looked around, then, as he pointed to the middle of the crowd, said to one of the group of young men,
"This lady needs to get to her friend over there, can you help?"
One of the men looked at me then said,
"Yeh sure, come here love."
As I apprehensively moved forward, two of the men grabbed me and lifted me up in the air. I was face-down, above the crowd, and I was only wearing a short skirt, little top and shoes; and within seconds the skirt was up around my waist.
Everything happened so quickly after that. I was moving slowly, face down, towards the middle of the crowd. The best bit was the hands. I had no idea who they belonged to, but they were everywhere, and so was my skirt, top and shoes (all I'd had on when I left home). Within 10 or 15 feet all my clothes had been ripped off leaving me completely naked.
The next minutes were ecstasy. I don't know how far I travelled, or how long it took but it seemed to take ages, and I loved every minute of it. Not once did I think that I might drop to the floor.
Those of you readers who have read some of our other adventures will know that I just love being naked in front of strangers, and there I was, less than 2 feet away from dozens of faces; and to make things even worse, sorry, better, all those hands were playing with my tits and pussy. I lost count of the number of fingers that went into my pussy and how many times my nipples got pinched and pulled. I also got a few bruises from the rough hands and rough handling. Needless to say that I came a couple of times before I was finally lowered to the ground.
When I got my balance I started to wonder what I was going to do. I was naked in the middle of big crowd of clothed people. It didn't take long for me to realise that the people there were more interested in the music than looking at a naked woman. I was a bit disappointed. I love the attention and I was getting none.
After a couple of minutes Jon appeared and produced another skirt and top out of the back-pack. He apologised for not remembering shoes.
After a while he led me to another corner of the crowd and the same thing happened. Up I went and had another similar fantastic experience with another orgasm.
It took Jon a while longer to find me that time, and then he didn't give me some clothes straight away. Instead he stood behind me, put his arms round me, leaned me forwards and slowly fucked me, right there in the middle of the crowd. The amazing thing was that I don't think that anyone noticed what we were doing.
After he'd filled my already very wet pussy, and then gone soft in me, he pulled out, zipped up and gave me yet another skirt and top.
We left shortly after, and on the way home Jon confessed to me that he hadn't enjoyed the music, and that the whole purpose of the trip was to get me to do the body surfing. He'd wanted to see me get groped and stripped by hundreds of different hands.
Back at home I had a lovely warm shower then went to bed and got fucked again. It took another couple of days for my ears to get back to normal and the bruises to disappear.
I really love that man.
Love
V