Everyone in this story is 18 years old or older.
When I was growing up, I was the youngest child and the only girl with three older brothers in an Irish, Catholic household. More often than not, I was the center of attention. I was the baby girl and my parents fawned over me, especially my mom who enjoyed a female presence among a household dominated by roughhousing boys and my father. I guess I was a daddy's girl too and made sure to steal attention away from my brother's any chance I could. That was a tall task seeing they enjoyed playing sports and I was more of a dainty girl. I found out early all I had to do was shed a tear or pretend I was hurt to gain my parent's attention, sometimes at the expense of my older brothers.
Like most girls, I struggled with my self image because I wasn't the prettiest or most popular girl in high school and I was a late bloomer. I didn't always catch the attention of the boys, which frustrated me but It was something I had to deal with. I was helpless when all the other girls attracted the attention of the most popular boys. I secretly wished they would find me as desirable as my counterparts.
Things seemed to change after I turned 18, a few months before I graduated high school. My boobs filled out to 36c and pressed against my now too small tops. I let my blonde hair grow down past my shoulders and my hips and ass got more shapely. I went through a growth spurt to 5'7" which also made my legs longer. I found that I could dress sexy without looking slutty by wearing tight tops and leggings, tight jeans or short skirts to highlight my best body features. Of course, the horny teenage boys at school began to notice me more. I was getting more attention and I was loving life again.
My improved dating life meant that I was making out with boys who tried to have sex with me. Like most girls, it took them a long time to get that far. I started off by doing some heavy petting, letting them touch me through my clothes before moving on to letting them touch my bare breasts or agreeing to let them touch my bare pussy. That led to me giving my first handjob with a boy at a popular lover's lane. I really wanted to go further but I didn't like the boy that much. I was still curious about sex and enjoyed seeing and having a hard cock in my hands. He got frustrated with me because I wouldn't let him go all the way and eventually stopped asking me out in order to date one of the "easy" girls at school.
I started dating another guy, Ronny, and after about three weeks of heavy petting and handjobs, I finally gave in and gave him my first blow job. It was something I wanted to try after hearing the other girls at school talking about it but I was still nervous. I wanted to do a good job and I was afraid of what his cum would taste like. I knew when we went up to the lover's lane that he would ask me to suck his dick because he would ask every time before I made him settle for a handjob. What he didn't know was on that fateful, starlit night, I had decided beforehand to grant his wish.
When our makeout session progressed to me losing my top and letting him feel and suck on my tits while I stroked his dick, he predictably asked me to blow him. He was pleasantly surprised when I finally agreed to do it. He leaned back in the backseat of his car as I moved my head closer to his dick. I nervously stared at his erection, momentarily considering changing my mind and chickening out but I also wanted to try sucking a dick and telling my friends what it was like.
I stared at his dick so long, he finally asked, "Well, are you going to do it?"
I swallowed hard, took a deep breath, opened my mouth and closed my eyes as I leaned forward and took his dick into my mouth, closing my lips around it and feeling it slide along my tongue. My head started to bob on his dick. It felt funny having my mouth filled with a hard dick but after I got over my initial nervousness, I decided it wasn't as bad as I had feared. It's not like there was much of a taste. As a matter of fact, after hearing his moans from my sucking, I began to enjoy it. I felt a sense of power being able to give someone else so much pleasure. I struggled to get him deep into my throat and gagged a couple of times. I may have scraped him with my teeth once or twice but I thought I was doing pretty good seeing it was my first time.
He was a horny, young man without a lot of experience himself, who didn't have a lot of self-control and was close to cumming after a few minutes of me blowing him. I then had to decide if I was going to let him cum in my mouth or not. Part of me was scared of what it might taste like but I recalled my friends telling me that guys love when a girl swallows so I figured I might as well try it. How bad could it be anyway?
It didn't matter whether I wanted him to cum in my mouth or not because just before he started to cum, he held on tightly to the back of my head and shoved himself deep into my throat. I gagged as the first wad of cum hit the back of my mouth and it kept coming. Some of his cum spilled out of the corners of my mouth and down my chin but I was able to regain control and swallowed the rest of his load.
When he was done, I lifted my head and proudly looked up at him with cum on my lips and chin. I did it, I gave my first blow job. It wasn't as bad as I had feared and I kind of enjoyed it. I was taught nice girls don't do things like suck a dick or have any kind of pre-marital sex so it was exciting to do something naughty. He was grinning from ear to ear and told me what a great blow job it was and handed me a rag to wipe the cum off my face. It made me feel good to hear him keep telling me how amazing I was. When he took me home, we promised to get together soon. I found it odd that he would only kiss me on the cheek though.
In the safe confines of my bedroom, I texted my friends all the gory details of how I sucked my first dick and how I swallowed his cum. The next day at school, Ronny must have bragged to his buddies that I gave him a blow job the night before because they were all looking at me and grinning. One even stuck his tongue into the side of his cheek repeatedly mimicking me sucking a dick. I was a little embarrassed but I also was getting the attention that I craved.
I didn't lose my virginity until prom night when Ronny and I went to a party afterwards without any adult supervision. There was plenty of alcohol and midway through the night, Ronny and I were naked in one of the bedrooms and that's when he took my virginity. I think it was his first time too because he seemed just as nervous and me. We both fumbled our way through, not really knowing what to expect. It wasn't that great of an experience but from what I hear, not many people have mind blowing sex the first time.
Once Ronny and I started having sex, we couldn't get enough of each other and found ourselves up at the lover's lane in the backseat of his car several times a week unless one of our parents were going to be out of the house for an extended period of time. Sometimes we'd have sex two or three times a day if the opportunities were there. He even started to eat my pussy and gave me my first orgasm other than when I masturbated.
Little did I know that on one of those nights in the backseat of Ronny's car, my sex life would take an unexpected turn. It was a warm summer night after graduation when Ronny and I were both horny as usual, and found ourselves at our favorite spot at the secluded lover's lane, making out in his car and gradually stripping off our clothes. I found myself in a familiar position of being naked on my back with my legs spread open offering my hot pussy to my eager boyfriend. I could hardly wait for his hard dick to enter me. I moaned as he started to fuck me. Truth be told, I liked fucking in the backseat of Ronny's car, it was naughty, and there was always that chance we'd get caught.
Apparently, Ronny had been bragging to his buddies how we were fucking almost every night at our favorite spot and his buddies decided to play a practical joke on us. We were right in the middle of another great fuck session when I looked up and saw several of Ronny's friends watching us through the windows of the car. I screamed out from being surprised and Ronny looked up at his friends and started laughing but he never stopped fucking me. I pleaded with him to stop but he wouldn't get off me. Not only were my former classmates seeing me naked but they were watching Ronny plunge his dick into my cunt. Ignoring my pleas, Ronny wouldn't stop; he kept fucking me despite our audience. I think it was his way of showing off to his friends that he was having sex with a girl and they weren't
Then my horror did a complete 180 degree turn. I found my pussy was getting hotter the more they watched. I saw the three of them keep switching places so they could get different views of Ronny and me. I saw the look of lust in their eyes obviously wishing they were the ones fucking me. It began to turn me on knowing his three friends were looking at my tits and dick filled pussy. Ronny must have realized I was beginning to enjoy it when I began to lift my hips to meet his.
Ronny leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Let me fuck you from behind and give them a real show."
I don't know why I agreed to his request but I was young and horny so he withdrew his cock from my pussy and I turned over to get on all fours with my butt sticking up in the air. His friends got a great view of my ass and pussy before Ronny got behind me and began to thrust into me again. In this position, I was looking at one of his friends, Wade, right in the eye as Ronny was fucking me. My tits were bouncing as my pussy was getting pounded. I was so turned on, I had my first vaginal orgasm in front of our audience.
I could hear his friends saying things like, "Damn look at those tits," and "Holy shit, Abby really likes getting fucked," and "check out that ass."
I was on full display in a most intimate moment for their perverted pleasure but the longer it went on, the more I enjoyed it. I liked it until after Ronny came, when a sudden burst of modesty came over me and I asked him to tell his friends to leave. Now that the show was over, they went on their way. Ronny quickly apologized for his friends actions.
"I'm sorry about this Abby, I didn't know they were going to show up here. I was so turned on, I couldn't stop when you asked. I'm sorry."
He tried to comfort me by saying, "Those guys are losers. They are going to go home and jerk off thinking about you tonight."
By then, I had a mix of emotions. Part of me was embarrassed, part of me was excited to have been on display while getting fucked and part of me felt guilty for enjoying it. I wasn't really comfortable with my body; every girl thinks other girls are better looking or have better bodies and want to change something about themselves but it was kind of a compliment to hear the guys talk about liking my body. It boosted my confidence too. The thought of some boys jerking off thinking about my naked body and wanting to fuck me really turned me on. It turned me on so much that I masturbated to another orgasm before I went to sleep that night thinking about them doing the same thing.
It was embarrassing when I saw Ronny's friends at a party that weekend. I could feel them undressing me with their eyes which was a little unnerving and they teased me too.
One of them greeted me by staring at my tits and saying with a knowing grin on his face and saying, "Nice to see you again, Abby."
Another one chimed in, "Is that you Abby, I didn't recognize you with your clothes on."
They were being crass assholes so I looked at them and said, "I hope you got a good look because you'll never see these tits again. I also hope you had a good time jerking off that night because you'll never get any of this."
I shook my ass as I walked away. I felt empowered knowing I didn't let them get to me and to turn it around and make them feel like jerks. It turned me on knowing they would never forget that night and how it would change my sex life forever. I was hotter than usual when Ronny fucked me that night and part of me wished his friends were there to see it. I would close my eyes while I was getting fucked, fantasizing about being watched again. I didn't want to admit it to myself and I was too afraid to let Ronny know I enjoyed having an audience so I felt I had to keep my secret to myself.
Ronny and I screwed many times that summer until we went off to separate colleges. We both knew that we would meet new people and our summer of love came to an end. I still miss him to this day; you never forget the person that took your virginity but I started out on a new part of my life and my sexual life as well.
It was quite a change for me to be living in a dorm sharing a room with a stranger in a large wing with 15 coed double rooms and with two large bathrooms and showers for men and women. I had to walk down a long hallway to get to the showers, then hope they weren't occupied with a lot of us trying to get to early classes. No matter what time of day or night, there always seemed to be someone in the hallways. At first, I was extremely modest when going to and from the bathroom but after a while, you become familiar with people and you become less concerned about what they may see.
For example, if I was studying in my room and not wearing a bra under a t-shirt, I stopped putting one on if I had to take a quick pee. More than a few guys saw my bouncing breasts and nipples through my shirt. I kind of liked making their heads turn too. I might wear a long shirt that barely covered my ass and wouldn't always put on shorts underneath when going to the bathroom or sometimes I'd go into the kitchen to grab something quick to eat and might "accidentally" drop something and bend at the waist to pick it up or get a plate off the top shelf which would raise my shirt and expose my long legs and panties. It became a secret game I played to show off to the guys on the floor and some of their friends.
Sometimes, when I knew there were a lot of guys in the common areas, I would deliberately put on a t-shirt that was more sheer than the rest and walk past them, knowing they were looking at my breasts and panties. Other times, I would tweak my nipples to make them hard so they poked out through my shirt and get into a conversation with one of the boys knowing they would be distracted. Their eyes would dart from my face down to my nipples and back again. I had to control myself to keep from laughing.
I became more sexually active too. After only having one previous partner, I wanted to continue to explore my sexuality with more guys. I wasn't slut but I had an active sex life, nothing out of the ordinary and some partners were better than others. I continued to flaunt my young, firm body in discreet ways like letting guys get looks down a low cut top at my cleavage or wearing tight spandex shorts that hugged my tight ass. While some girls might be offended by some of the comments guys made, I liked most of them, mostly because I knew I got their attention. A few guys could be real assholes and took some liberties with touching me that I quickly stopped but those were far and few between.
I got more adventurous in my sophomore year, boosted by becoming more confident in my body image. My body wasn't super model material but I had nice tits and a firm ass and I like to show them off. Sometimes when my roommate was out at night, I would parade around my dorm room naked with all the lights on and the curtains open knowing I could be seen from the building next door. I'll never know exactly how many people saw me naked but I know I got the attention of more than a few guys that year.
One night, I was walking around my dorm room naked keeping my eye out the window, looking for potential voyeurs and spotted a guy studying at his desk across the way. He didn't notice me right away but he did a double take once he saw me. He naturally stopped looking at his computer to focus on me. Once he figured out I wasn't getting dressed, he turned out the lights in his dorm but I could still see the silhouette of his figure. I began to brush my hair and carelessly dropped it on the floor. I made sure to bend over with my ass facing the window to give my voyeur a good view of my ass.
When I saw his arm moving in his lap, I knew he was jerking off watching me. I was getting horny myself and decided to do something bold. I walked right up to the window, staring straight across the way and began to run my hands over my breasts and down between my legs. I fingered myself for a few moments then brought my finger up to my lips and began to suck on it like it was a dick. Then I took my breasts, lifting them up so I could lick my nipples. I was so fucking hot by then, my hand drifted back between my legs and I began to furiously work my fingers against my clit until I came. Now that the show was over, I closed the curtains in a flash of modesty.
It was exhilarating to do something so naughty. A good Catholic girl was supposed to be modest and never, ever let someone see her naked other than her husband. I was able to fulfill a fantasy in a safe manner with semi-anonymity. It was different from letting someone see my boobs through my shirt or giving them a peek at my panties; this was full blown nudity and letting them see me masturbating while they got off watching me. I think that was the best part, knowing someone was jerking off while fantasizing about my body.
I only repeated my performance for my voyeur a couple of more times that year but wasn't shy about walking around naked in my dorm room at other times also. I often wondered how often he jerked off thinking of me. I'm sure he told his friends about what he saw. I think I saw a couple of guys watching me at least once, so I'm sure his roommate got a peek at me too. It was hard to tell because once I started walking around nude, they would turn their lights off.
It seemed I would get more adventurous the longer I went without sex. It's like my horniness would build up inside me and I'd have to release the pressure somehow. I had a series of boyfriends over the course of my sophomore year and had an active sex life but I was never that serious with any of them and we'd seem to move on after a month or so. I kept my exhibitionist desires to myself out of fear they would think there was something wrong with me or break up with me out of jealousy if another guy looked at me with lust in their eyes. I still went braless at times and gave guys, including some professors, a peek up my short skirts or wore leggings or spandex shorts to show off my ass.
I purposely purchased some leggings that were semi-transparent. When I would bend over, you could see my panties or thong through the material. It was fun walking around campus showing off my ass, making sure to bend over for an appreciative onlooker. It was a harmless game that gave me and my voyeurs a cheap thrill.
There was one incident that happened just before we left for summer break at the end of my sophomore year that only inflamed my exhibitionist desires. I started dating a really cute guy, Ken, who was just as horny as me, but what guy at that age isn't? One night, we were drinking and smoking some joints at a party and we decided to leave so we could have sex. I knew my roommate was back in our room so we went to his dorm room. He slowly opened his door only to find his roommate, Mitch, sound asleep. We were kissing and fondling each other out in the hall, not knowing where to go when he suggested we do it in his room but try to be real quiet so we didn't wake up his roommate.
I was stoned, drunk and horny, not that I would have minded anyway, so I quickly agreed to risk getting caught. We went into his room, closing the door softly behind us, kissing and touching each other the whole time. We quickly started shedding our clothes and he immediately started to suck on my large tits and finger me while I stroked his cock. While Ken was nibbling on my neck, I turned sideways to see if we had woken Mitch. When I turned, I swear I saw his eyes open but he immediately closed them so as not to ruin the moment. I wasn't sure though, so I kept looking over his way. I never said anything to Ken, but I wanted Mitch to catch us. The only light in the room came from some lights outside and from a laptop computer screen so it was difficult to see, but it looked like his eyes were squinted but open just a little as he tried to pretend he was sleeping.
That immediately triggered my exhibitionist desires so I decided to give him a show he'd never forget. I dropped to my knees and began to give Ken a really slutty, sloppy blow job while glancing over at this roommate from time to time. Ken didn't seem to mind that we weren't hiding under the covers of his bed and I'm sure he didn't want to interrupt the blow job I was giving him either, so he let me continue sucking his cock while risking waking up his roommate.
Before Ken fucked me, he laid me back on his bed so he could eat my pussy. I eagerly laid down and spread my legs in the direction of his roommate giving him a full view of my steaming hot pussy before Ken got down on his knees to lick me to an orgasm. Muffled moans filled the room when I came and if Mitch wasn't awake by then, he sure was now. I rearranged myself so Ken could climb onto the bed. He got between my legs and started to pound my pussy. He was fucking me so hard, our skin was slapping together while the springs of his bed were squeaking in rhythm to his thrusts. He then put my legs over his shoulder so he could drive deeper into my hot pussy.
Ken was giving it to me good and hard when I turned my head towards his roommate. This time, there was no doubt Mitch was awake and our eyes locked onto each other as I fucked Ken. I got so turned on, knowing we were being watched that I came again. I noticed that his roommate's hand was moving underneath the covers. He was jerking off watching us but I never said a word. Mitch, at least closed his eyes again to pretend he was sleeping but I knew he kept them partially open. When Ken came, he moaned even louder than I did as he filled my pussy with his sperm. I took my time getting dressed afterward so Mitch could get one last look at my naked body.
Unfortunately, the semester ended before we could give Mitch a repeat performance. Over the summer, I would wear a thong to the beach to show off my ass. My friends thought I was brave and daring, but in reality, I was just a horny young woman looking for attention. Between wearing a thong and showing off my 36c breasts in a tiny top, I was getting a lot of attention from guys and was never alone on the weekends. I didn't sleep with all my dates, after all, I'm not a slut, but I was very sexually active.
Between working part-time all summer and during school, getting financial help from my parents and student loans, I was able to move into an on-campus apartment in my Junior year that I shared with another girl, Trish. It turned out Trish had a bit of a wild side like me and we had a lot of fun that year. One Sunday night early in the semester, Trish and I stayed home and had a little party of our own, drinking beers and smoking joints. We talked like old friends and the subject naturally turned to sex. Trish admitted to being an exhibitionist and loved to see the reaction of men when she flashed her tits, ass or pussy for them. Trish was petite and gorgeous with dark hair, blue eyes, small breasts and a tiny butt, almost the opposite of me, but she had confidence in her ability of her small frame to attract men.
I felt relieved knowing I wasn't the only woman out there that did the same thing and we had a good laugh exchanging stories of how we teased guys. I had never told anyone about being seen by my boyfriend's friends at the lover's lane or Mitch watching me fuck Ken last year until that night with Trish. She told me about skinny dipping with a group of guys her senior year and teasing pizza delivery guys by answering the door naked. She never got caught fucking but it intrigued her.
When she told me, "Smoking those joints has given me the munchies, do you want to order a pizza?"
I knew exactly what she had in mind and replied, "Yeah, I'm starving."
"Do you want to have some fun with the delivery guy, Abby?"
"I was hoping you'd say that."
Trish ordered the pizza which would be delivered in about an hour. We had another beer and a joint then decided it was time to get ready for our delivery. Trish had done this before so she told me to follow her lead. We watched each other as we stripped off our clothes; it was odd to be naked in front of another woman outside of a locker room but it was fun too. She told me I had a great pair of tits and a nice ass too. I complimented her on her firm legs, abs and pretty little tits and ass too. Even though I've flashed numerous guys before, I was still nervous because this guy would be much closer and it would be much more obvious that we were inviting him to look at us. My heart started to race when I heard a knock on the door.
When Trish asked who it was, he replied, "Pizza for Trish."
My new best friend then instructed me to, "go slow, don't rush so he gets a good long look at us."
I stood off to the side while Trish slowly opened the door and I'll never forget the look on the delivery guy's face that went from pure shock to a big, wide grin. I blushed slightly as she invited him into the apartment and instructed him to put the pizza on a table at the far end of the room. I could see his gaze checking out Trish's naked body, then giving mine the once over then back and forth between the two of us. My nervousness turned to excitement as I felt my nipples getting harder the more he stated at me. He was tall and cute too, which made it that much more fun. He looked like he might have been a student at our college too.
The delivery guy and I made small talk about the weather and school while Trish took her time fumbling around looking for money to pay him. His eyes kept moving back and forth between Trish and I, he didn't know where to look being between two naked coeds. I played along with her lead by looking for my purse too. I also wanted to give him a look at my ass while I was walking around the apartment. He was enjoying the entire show.
Trish then told me, "I don't have any money. Can you get the pizza this time and I'll get the next one."
"I'd love to but I don't have any money either. I thought you were paying for it."
The delivery guy quickly figured out he was being played and told us, "Okay ladies, I know when I've been had but paying for a pizza was worth seeing you two naked, but next time, you better pay in advance."
He took one more long look and left. When he was gone, Trish and I began laughing hysterically. He was only there for a few minutes but we got a great memory and he got a cheap thrill that he won't forget either. We sat around naked, drinking beer and eating pizza reliving the thrill of letting our delivery guy see us naked.
I had to admit that the whole incident turned me on and told my friend, "Between the weed and flashing the delivery guy, I'm damn horny. Maybe we should have invited him to stay."
She laughed and agreed with me then told me, "I think I'll be using my vibrator before I go to bed."
"You have a vibrator? I've never used one of those before."
Trish asked me if I was joking and I assured her I wasn't. She then went to her room and came back with her vibrator and turned it on. I was curious as to what she was going to do with it.
She then said, "This is what I use when there isn't an available dick around."
Trish then started rubbing it between my tits. It kind of tickled so I giggled a little then she ran it over my nipples. It felt like a current of electricity shot through me from my tits straight to my pussy. She knew she was onto something and ran it a round my tits and nipples then down my stomach. I was frozen in place as she ran the vibrator down my legs then up my thighs. My pussy was on fire by the time she started teasing my outer lips. I spread my legs wider in a silent gesture to encourage her to continue.
My roommate began to fondle my breasts and told me, "You've got nice tits Abby," then leaned in to alternately suck my hard nipples.
Straying into my first girl on girl experience wasn't planned but there was no stopping that train now because we were both so turned on. As Trish continued to play with my breasts, she inserted the vibrator into my pussy and started fucking me with it. My goodness did it feel great. I've had plenty of cocks penetrate my pussy but the vibration sent chills through my body as I moaned and squirmed to Trish's advances. She was looking at me as my orgasm approached and I returned her stare with pure lust in my eyes. That's when she leaned forward and we began to kiss with our tongues exploring each other's mouths.
It was the most incredible orgasm I had ever experienced up to that point in my life. I think it was the combination of feeling my first insertion of a vibrator, getting hot from teasing the pizza guy, the booze and drugs, not to mention the naughtiness of having sex with another woman. My parents would never, ever approve of my actions that night.
As my orgasm began to subside, I thought Trish was done pleasing me but little did I know she was just getting started. She licked and sucked her way down my naked body and spent a lot of time kissing and licking my thighs. I knew what was about to happen and I was so turned on, I never considered stopping her. Even though Trish was smaller than me, she pulled me further towards the edge of the sofa so my pussy was more accessible to her and she pushed my legs back towards my head, leaving me completely exposed to her. She inserted the vibrator back into my pussy and watched closely as it disappeared into me. She played with my clit with her fingers as she pushed the vibrator in and out of me. I then watched as she leaned forward and replaced her fingers with her tongue and began to flick it over my clit while she continued to fuck me with the vibrator.
Trish made me squirm like no man ever did before. I was squirming on the sofa and holding her mouth against my clit as her tongue worked its magic. As my second orgasm approached, she began to fuck me harder with the toy and sucked on my clit while flicking her tongue. That pushed me over the edge and my second orgasm was even more intense than the first. When I was done cumming, she pulled the vibrator from my pussy and began to lap up the juices that were flowing freely from between my legs.
I was breathing so hard, I thought I was going to pass out. When I started to come back to reality, I looked down at Trish with a big smile, my face flush. She lifted her head from between my legs and smiled with her lips glistening from my fresh pussy juices.
"That was incredible Trish."
"Thanks Abby. I could tell you enjoyed it."
Seeing Trish gave me two of the most incredible orgasms I ever had, I knew I had to at least try to repay the favor. She got up from the floor in front of me to sit beside me on the sofa and I leaned in to give her a soft kiss on the lips as a show of appreciation for the pleasure she had given me. When our lips met, she stuck her tongue into my mouth and I tasted my own juices from our sweet kiss. I turned on the vibrator and began to tease her body in the same manner she teased mine. I loved sucking on her little 32a titties; I was able to get almost her entire breast into my mouth because they were so small.
It gave me my own type of pleasure to see her squirm when I inserted the vibrator into her pussy; I wanted to please her like she did for me. I kissed my way down her body and let my long hair tickle her bare skin along the way. When I got down to her pussy, I stared at it for a moment to take in the sight of seeing one so up close. There was no hesitation on my part because I wanted to give her an orgasm to two. It was the least I could do for her.
I flicked my tongue over her clit and took in the sweet smell of a dripping wet pussy. I continued to insert the vibrator into her as my tongue played with her clit. When she was close to her orgasm, I began to suck on her clit like she did to mine, figuring that is how she liked her pussy to be eaten. She clutched onto my head and lifted herself up as she began to cum. It felt wonderful to give another woman an orgasm, knowing she found pleasure in my efforts.
When she was finished, I dutifully licked up her juices and started on round two, fucking her with the vibrator and eating her again until she came a second time.
We continued the two person party with more alcohol, joints and using the vibrator in Trish's bedroom where I woke up the next morning groggy and a little hungover. She was still sleeping when I got out of bed and dragged myself into the bathroom to take a long, hot shower. I felt better after a quick breakfast and a cup of coffee before I went off to class. I didn't see Trish until later that afternoon. It was awkward at first, I think we were both surprised by our bisexual party the night before but after we talked it over we both agreed we had a great time. Over the course of the rest of the school year, Trish and I would share a bed several more times when we were both feeling a little frisky and our boyfriends weren't around. We still preferred men but it was a nice change of pace to be with another woman from time to time.
We would continue to tease delivery people too. Sometimes it would be pizza, other times it was Chinese food. We got the first pizza delivery guy a couple of times but we didn't play the game of not having any money. He also made us pay him before he gave us the pizza too. Trish and I fully understood to the point where we would even joke about it with him. It got to the point that when we called for food to be delivered, we never had to wait very long for it to arrive.
During the spring semester, Trish and I began dating a couple of guys who were friends with each other. I was dating Joe and Trish was dating Greg. We spent a lot of time together as couples, seeing we were all friends and didn't have a lot of money to do much socially. We'd spend a lot of time hanging out, watching movies, drinking, smoking joints, etc. but would go into our respective rooms when we had sex. Trish and I often talked about what we did in bed, what the guys liked and how big their dicks were and I'm sure they compared notes too. Trish and I always dressed casually around the apartment and the guys got to see us without bras under our shirts or saw our panties at times. I'd see Greg in his underwear in the morning when he spent the night and Trish equally saw Joe in his boxer briefs.
One night we were sitting around the apartment drinking and passing joints around; we were pretty bored. It was a cold, rainy night and Trish and I were dressed in our sweatpants and hoodies, nothing sexy at all. The guys suggested we play cards and we knew where the guys' thoughts were going to take them so it wasn't a surprise at all when they suggested strip poker. By now, you know Trish and I are adventurous young ladies but we teased them a little and made them "convince" us to play. It seemed harmless and we figured that we'd all end up naked and going back to our separate rooms to have sex afterwards.
The guys made another suggestion, that we play guys against girls. It didn't matter to Trish or me, it's not like we minded showing off our bodies so we agreed to the new rule. It was really fun playing strip poker with Joe and Greg. It was titillating and fun to tease each other throughout the hands and gradually seeing each other undress. There may have even been times when Trish and I lost a hand on purpose just so we could remove another article of clothing.
When we were down to our bra and panties we could see the guys practically drooling over our exposed bodies. They were also down to their briefs and t-shirts and had noticeable erections growing. Their eyes were fixated on us when we lost the next hand and had to remove our bras. Our tits were such a contrast, mine, a full 36c with big, dark nipples and Trish with her 32a breasts and smaller nipples. Greg couldn't keep his eyes off my chest and Joe seemed intrigued by Trish's. Trish and I won the next hand so the guys were down to the underwear and sporting full blown erections. There was a sexual tension in the room as we were checking each other out. Things got hotter when we lost the next hand and stood before the guys to strip off our panties. We were getting turned on from the stares and anticipation we all felt.
When Trish and I were fully naked, we let the guys get long looks at our naked bodies and even did a little runway walk around the room for them so they could get a good look at us from all angles. My pussy was on fire and I couldn't wait to get Joe into my bedroom so he could fuck me good and hard.
Trish played coy when she said, "Okay, you guys won, I guess now we can get dressed now."
We knew it wasn't going to end there and Greg was the first to suggest, "We can still keep playing."
I played like I was naïve and asked, "But we don't have any clothes to lose. What can we bet?"
Joe looked over at Greg and said, "I don't know about you buddy, but I could use a blow job right about now."
"Yeah, Joe, a blow job sounds nice. If you girls lose the next hand you can suck our dicks."
Trish and I looked at each other knowing full well we were going to consent to their terms but pretended to whisper to each other like we were thinking it over before we agreed. Trish and I consulted on our cards but weren't dealt good hands so it wasn't surprising that when we all laid down our cards, that we lost again. The guys let out a couple of hoots and gave each other high fives.
We just assumed that we'd retreat to our respective bedrooms to pay off our lost bet but the guys pushed their chairs away from the table, stripped off their underwear, leaned back, spread their legs and looked at us. Trish and I were caught off guard but looked at each other, shrugged our shoulders and got down on our knees and began to suck our boyfriends dicks right there at the small dining table.
While we were all sexually experienced, it was still an exciting feeling to suck Joe's dick in front of my roommate and her boyfriend. I got that feeling again of being in the backseat of Ronny's car while his friends watched us fuck. I wanted to show Greg what a good cocksucker I was and I began to feel a little competitive too. I wanted to give Joe a better blow job than Trish was giving Greg. I showed off my deep throating skills and noticed Trish couldn't take all of Greg's in her throat which made me feel good. Joe was the first to cum and I swallowed every last drop. Greg came in Trish's mouth a short time later. Now that we paid off our lost bet debt, Trish and I were both hot and needed to have the fire in our pussies extinguished.
Trish asked the guys, "Well, are you guys going to return the favor?"
They started giving us a hard time saying, "That was no favor, you and Abby paid off a lost bet."
We knew they were just teasing us a bit and went back and forth for a while but Trish got tired of negotiating and grabbed me by the hand and said, "Let's go, we don't need any man to satisfy us," and she led me off to her bedroom leaving the guys looking at each other wondering what we were doing.
When we got to her bedroom, she planted a big kiss on my lips and we began to makeout and fondle each other. I slipped my finger into her pussy and it was dripping wet and hot; she found mine just as wet and on fire. We got on the bed in a sixty-nine and began to eat each other's pussies.
It took the guys a few moments to follow us into the bedroom and when they did, I heard Joe shout, "Holy shit, Greg, look at them."
I got even hotter knowing Joe and Greg were watching us in our pussy eating frenzy. I loved being on display and putting on a lesbian performance for our boyfriends. Actually, it wasn't for them, we were putting out the fire in our pussies, their being a voyeur to our performance was just an added benefit.
After Trish and I both came, she lifted her head from between my legs and told the guys, "Now that's how you satisfy a woman."
They were speechless and sporting erections. Greg and Joe joined us on the bed and we started making out. It wasn't long before Trish and I found ourselves side by side on the bed with our boyfriends positioning themselves between our legs so they could fuck us. I thought being seen while having sex was exciting but fucking in the same room as another couple was pretty darn hot too. It was incredible to look over at my friend while her pussy was getting pounded while mine was being filled too. Sex was supposed to be a private act of love between two people but here we were getting fucked on the same bed.
Joe and Greg had already cum earlier so their staying power was much longer than usual. Joe and I fucked in a variety of positions including with me on top riding him. I found myself next to Trish again but this time we were both on all fours getting fucked doggie style. I found it strange when I felt Joe withdraw from my pussy. I waited a moment before turning to see what was going on and when I did, I saw Greg about to penetrate me and Joe fucking Trish. Before I could object, he stuck his dick in my pussy and started fucking me hard. I was so drunk, high and horny, I let him continue. Trish wasn't objecting either so I figured I go with the flow. Greg had his hand buried deep into my ass cheeks squeezing them as he was fucking me.
He then reached around and started playing with my tits, whispering in my ear, "I've wanted to get my hands on these beauties since I first saw you."
He kept playing with my tits until he filled my pussy with his cum. After Joe came in Trish, he and I staggered back to my room and fell asleep. I woke up late the next morning with a killer headache only to find that Joe had already left. I found my body and hair still sticky from the sweat and cum from the orgy we had the night before but a nice, long hot shower made me feel a little better along with a light breakfast and several cups of coffee. It was my usual treatment for a hangover. Trish felt the same way when she came wandering out of her bedroom. Apparently, Greg was gone too. I was kind of relieved the guys were gone because I felt like and probably looked like shit too.
Trish and I had a chance to talk about the events of the previous night. We both acknowledged we were both pretty high but we both had a good time. Neither one of us planned on fucking the other's boyfriend, things just spun out of control so there were no hard feelings.
It was getting towards the end of the semester and our lives were consumed by studying for finals and getting ready to move out of the apartment for the summer. Trish and I were able to have a few nights of satisfying each other sexually but we never got together as a foursome again even though the guys tried to convince us to repeat what happened that night. Trish moved out of the apartment several days before me seeing she was already done with finals, leaving me alone.
I had confided in Joe that I really enjoyed being watched while fucking and it somehow made sex that much more exciting for me. I had never told anyone my deepest secret before and I spilled my guts in a moment of drunken weakness.
It was the night before I was going to drive back home for the summer and Joe and I were going to get together for one more night to say our goodbyes and have sex. He was going to pick up dinner along with some beer and come by the apartment. I decided to put on some sexy lingerie and greet him at the door. I slipped on a sheer black gown with a deep V-neckline and high slits up both legs with a matching sheer thong. I also put on sheer black stockings and topped it off by wearing 5" black heels. It showed plenty of cleavage, not that it mattered much but the lace on the top partially covered my nipples. I knew he'd like it.
When Joe rang my doorbell, I buzzed him in and waited by the door in a sexy pose. I smiled broadly when I heard the doorknob begin to turn knowing he'd enjoy my greeting. When the door opened, he had a look of shock and awe on his face. I was equally surprised to see that he had brought his friend Walt with him. Walt's eyes widened as he stared at my mostly naked body then smiled broadly. I screamed in shock and ran into the bedroom, totally embarrassed.
Joe quickly followed me and I asked him, "What the hell is Walt doing here? I thought we were, you know, going to be alone tonight."
"I'm sorry babe, I, uh, kind of thought you wanted me to bring someone to, you know, watch us in bed. I mean you told me it turned you on so, I thought you were giving me a hint."
"You should have talked to me first, Joe. I wasn't hinting at anything. I was just telling you my fantasy."
"I'm really sorry, Abby, but come on, it'll be fun. What do you say?"
I have to admit the idea of fucking in front of his friend did turn me on. After I got over the initial shock of seeing him at my door unexpectedly, I warmed up to the idea.
After some back and forth conversation, I told Joe, "I guess it would be okay if he watched but I'm not fucking him."
"Oh, of course not, babe, I told him he was here just to watch us."
Joe led me by the hand as we went back into the living room and I could see Walt taking a mental picture of me dressed in my sexy lingerie with most of my body on display. I have to admit, I enjoyed his stares and look of desire in his eyes. I tried to act casual about my attire but took every opportunity to display myself and let them check me out from every angle. I knew my big breasts were bouncing when I walked so I made sure to try to make them shake even more. I did the same thing with my ass, knowing my heels gave them even more wiggle than normal.
I moved around the kitchenette getting us plates, knives and forks for the pasta Joe had brought with him. I sat between Joe and Walt at our small dinette table, my full breasts on display for them as well as my long legs. I could feel Walt's eyes locked onto my chest as we ate, also noticing his eyes darting down toward my bare legs. I'm sure he couldn't believe his luck. We polished off a bottle of wine at dinner then moved into the living room to drink more and pass a joint around. Joe knew I was getting hotter the more we drank and smoked.
Once he was confident I was ready to take things up a notch, he asked me, "Why don't you take off that gown? It's not hiding that much anyway."
I didn't want to appear too anxious so I made him plead with me a little more before he "convinced" me to take it off. I stood up between my two admirers and ever so slowly pulled the sheer gown over my head, revealing my bare breasts to them. My nipples were already hard as the guys openly stared at me. My cunt lips also became clearly into view through my sheer thong. My pussy was already warm and wet.
Joe then asked Walt, "Abby has great tits, doesn't she, Walt?"
"Your tits are marvelous, Abby. All the guys think so too."
I shook my breasts a bit for them before climbing onto Joe's lap and pushing them into his face so he could fondle and suck on them. Walt stared at us; we had his undivided attention while his friend began his seduction of me. I was moving my hips against his growing erection as we both began to moan.
Joe knew I was hot and he asked, "Can Walk just touch your breasts? I'm sure he would really appreciate it."
I looked at Joe sending him a mental message that I wasn't going to fuck his friend but he looked at me with his big, brown puppy dog eyes that he knew I found hard to resist. I got up off Joe's lap and stood between Walt's legs as he moved forward in his chair. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes as I felt his hands grasp my breasts and begin to play with my nipples. My knees almost buckled in pleasure and I let out a muffled moan.
Walt looked up at me and said, "You tits are extraordinary. Damn, I dreamed about seeing them and touching them. I never thought I get a chance to touch them."
I got so hot hearing how he's admired my tits from afar. I don't know what made me do it but I reached out and pulled his head towards my chest. He instinctively began to alternately suck on my tits while my boyfriend watched. I felt empowered being the object of his admiration while my boyfriend looked on. Walt had his mouth on one nipple while his hand played with my other breast, his free hand was now grabbing my ass. Things were quickly heating up and I was adamant in my mind about not fucking both of the guys so I broke free from Walt's grasp and went back over to Joe.
While his friend was playing with my body, Joe had stripped naked, and was sporting a hard on. He made me face his friend while he stripped off my thong, exposing my bald pussy to Walt. Joe sat me on his lap facing Walt and spread my legs so his friend could watch him play with my tits and pussy while nibbling on my neck. My neck is extremely sensitive and his kisses sent shivers throughout my body. My pussy was hot and getting hotter from being on display for Walt;s voyeurism. Joe's fingers were working on my clit and he brought me to an orgasm with his manipulations, helped by the fact that he was playing with my body as another person watched.
He then told me, "How about sucking my dick for a little while before I fuck you."
Without saying a word, I got down on my knees in front of Joe and began to lick his balls while stroking his dick. I saw Walt rearranging his dick in his pants as I began to blow my boyfriend in front of him. Words cannot describe how turned on I was to have a witness to my cocksucking again. I wanted Walt to see what a great cocksucker I was. Joe played with my tits while I sucked his dick. Walt got a perfect view of my ass and pussy from behind while I was on my knees. Joe had to stop me from sucking his dick so he wouldn't cum too soon and led me to the bedroom, with Walt not far behind. Joe joined me on the bed as I laid down and spread my legs for him.
Joe bent my legs back towards my head in full view of Walt and said, "Take a good look at that hot pussy of Abby's. She really likes to fuck, don't you Abby?"
"I love to fuck to Joe, give me that hard cock of yours. Show Walt how good you are at fucking my hot pussy."
Beads of sweat began to build on Walt's forehead as Joe's dick entered me and Joe asked, "You don't mind if Walt jerks off do you dear."
Joe was fucking me hard by then and I was so hot, I replied, "No, I don't mind at all."
Walt heard my reply and began to remove his clothes which surprised me. I thought he'd just take out his dick and masturbate but at that point, I didn't care. I noticed his dick was about an inch bigger than Joe's though. I couldn't help but to keep looking over at Walt while Joe was fucking me. His intense stare of watching his friend's dick pummeling my pussy while slowly stroking his dick, drove me to greater heights of excitement. To have someone right there in the room with us, seeing me completely naked and watching us in our most intimate moment, drove me to another orgasm.
My boyfriend then told me to bend over on the edge of the bed, with my pussy and ass on full display for Walt before he stood behind me and fucked me doggie style. My tits were flopping back and forth as he fucked me hard. I was pushing back against his dick trying to get his dick deeper inside me. I didn't notice Joe's head movements, silently instructing his friend to approach the bed.
When Joe withdrew from my pussy, I curiously turned to see what was going on, only to see and feel Walt drive his cock into me. I couldn't believe I fell for this again. I was about to object but Walt's dick was bigger than Joe's and felt so good, rather than tell him not to fuck me, I began to moan louder. In hindsight, I should have known better than to expect Walt just to watch. I had never fucked anyone that big before and his larger dick felt too good to stop him. Now that the initial penetration was done, I could concentrate on fucking him back. He played with my ass and tits while Joe presented himself to my mouth so I could blow him. I was getting spit roasted in one of the most pleasurable experiences of my young life.
Taking two dicks at once was more pleasurable that I ever could have imagined. Most girls think about it, fewer would actually do it and even fewer have done it. I was enjoying the feeling of getting fucked by the biggest dick I've had up to that point in my life and savoring the taste of having a hard dick in my mouth at the same time. Joe was the first to cum and pulled his dick out of my mouth to splash my face with several wads before stuffing it back in so I could suck him dry. Shortly thereafter, Walt pushed forward and came deep inside my pussy.
After Walt pulled out, he slapped my ass and said, "Damn Abby, you're one hot piece of ass. You sure know how to fuck. You're one lucky guy Joe."
"I told you she was hot."
"Kinky too."
That was the first time someone said I was kinky, at least, the first time I heard it. I guess I was. I was a kinky young woman and proud of it. I liked sex and wasn't afraid to experiment. It's not like I could deny it either. I was laying there with a pussy full of cum from one guy with the cum of another all over my face and I was still horny. Joe went and got more drinks for us and rolled another joint while I cleaned myself up.
When I returned, the guys were still naked and I don't think anyone thought the night was over. We all sat on the bed drinking and passing a joint around. I was sitting cross legged on the bed putting myself on full display and enjoying the attention from two horny guys. I had to twist and turn to get my drink off the nightstand or to put it back which allowed me to show off my ass when I wanted to. I think just sitting there naked with Joe and Walt signaled I was open for more sex. My pussy was still itching for more dick.
Joe lit the fuse when he started talking to Walt about my body and how perfect it was. Walt was quick to agree saying he especially liked my tits and how he always dreamed about seeing them. Getting to fuck me was a dream come true for Walt.
Joe gave my breasts a squeeze and said, "They are nice aren't they?"
Walt started feeling them too with no objection from me. I giggled a bit and even shook my tits to tease them.
Seeing I was being playful, Joe turned things up a notch he said, "Abby's tits may feel great but they taste even better."
He started sucking on one breast prompting Walt to make a move to suck on the other. When I remained silent, he took it as a signal to mimic his friend and he began to suck on the other breast. I have sensitive nipples and having both tits sucked on at the same time was simply incredible. My pussy was warm and getting warmer by the second. I leaned back against the headboard as they continued sucking on my nipples. I closed my eyes to take in the heavenly pleasure I was feeling when I felt their hands running up and down my thighs. When I opened my eyes I saw the men's dicks were getting harder which made me wonder what was in store for me.
By now, the guys were sporting full erections and, once again, Joe took the lead by saying, "You know Walt, Abby not only has a great body but she knows how to use it too. She's a great cocksucker."
"I wouldn't know, buddy; I only watched her suck your dick. I mean, it looked like she was giving you a great blow job but I wouldn't know for sure."
"Well Abby, I think you should show Walt how good you are at sucking dick."
I really wanted Walt's big cock in my mouth but I wanted to have a little fun with them first, I didn't want to be too easy, besides, teasing a guy is half the fun. I pretended to be thinking it over, making Joe plead with me to blow his friend before finally giving in.
Walt sat back on the bed while I crawled between his legs. I flipped my hair back behind my ear and lowered my head so I could lick his balls to start, then worked my way up the shaft with my tongue and mouth before giving the head butterfly flicks. I wasn't sure I could get his entire cock into my mouth but I was going to give it the old college try. I wrapped my lips around the head and let him slide his dick into my throat. I used my hand as a stopper to prevent him from going too far before I was ready. My head began to bob, using my lips against his shaft while my tongue swabbed it. Each time I lowered my head, I tried to take more of his big dick into my throat. I gagged a few times but never gave up trying.
After several minutes of sucking, I was finally able to deep throat Walt's dick which made him proclaim, "Damn Abby, no girl has ever swallowed my entire dick before. Shit baby, you're the best."
I was so proud of myself after hearing that, I really wanted to give him a memorable blow job. I was also getting horny from knowing my boyfriend was watching me blow his friend. My desire to perform was being fulfilled again. I could feel Joe playing with my pussy and then felt him penetrate me. They were both using me to satisfy their horniness or I guess you could say, I was using their dicks to satisfy my needs. We continued in this position for several minutes then the guys started talking about double penetration.
Walt said to Joe, "Hey man, let's DP her. Come on, it will be fun."
Joe knew I was never fond of anal sex and asked, "What do you say Abby? Do you want to give it a shot?"
I lifted my head off Walt's dick to reply, "Sure, let's give it a try but if it hurts too much you have to promise to stop."
"I promise babe, you can trust me."
I told him there was some K-Y jelly in the nightstand and he withdrew from me to go get it. I felt him pour the cool lubricant onto my asshole and began to insert his finger. He finger fucked me for a minute then inserted another finger. It was an uncomfortable feeling but it didn't hurt so I let him know I was ready to proceed further. I stopped sucking Walt and climbed onto his cock and rode him a few times before laying my body down onto his and lifting my ass. I was a little nervous as I was about to lose my anal virginity. When Joe was sufficiently lubed, I felt him pressing himself against my asshole. I think I tensed up a out of nervousness because he had a hard time getting into my ass until he gave it one last push and sunk a couple of inches of his dick into me.
"Oh God, Joe, that hurts, please take it out."
"Just relax baby. Don't tense up, the pain will go away."
My breaths were short and shallow as he pushed further into me as I winced in pain. I asked him to stop again but he kept pushing his dick into my ass while his friend's was deep in my pussy. I was in too vulnerable of a position to stop him, being sandwiched between the two of them. Joe kept telling me the pain would go away and I believed him. He then started to slowly rock back and forth and while it still hurt, it didn't hurt as much. He continued to fuck my ass real slow and I could feel his dick inching deeper with each thrust.
He then announced, "See that babe, I've got my dick all the way in your ass. It wasn't that bad now, was it?
"Sure, that's easy for you to say. You don't have a dick in your ass."
With my anal virginity now taken, we began to slowly rock trying to find a rhythm. It's not as easy as it looks in the porn films but we eventually figured it out. Once the pain subsided, I kind of liked having a dick in my pussy and one in my ass. Once Walt's started sucking on my tits, I had so many pleasurable sensations running through my body that I came to an intense orgasm. I looked over at a mirror I had on my bedroom wall and I could see myself being double penetrated by Walt and Joe. I was riding Walt's big dick while Joe sodomized my ass. It was one more sexual fantasy crossed off my list. The guys even managed to high five themselves while double fucking me. I guess I was one of their conquests.
Joe was the first to cum in my ass. He started humping me really fast and pushed himself as deep as he could, releasing his cum deep into my bowels. After he withdrew Walt asked if he could fuck my ass. I was really hesitant seeing his dick was so big but I was drunk, high and horny once again and told him the same thing I told Joe, if it hurt too much he had to stop. Of course, he agreed to those conditions.
Walt quickly positioned himself behind me and after greasing up his dick he pressed himself against my asshole. I wasn't as nervous as I was when Joe became the first to fuck my ass, but I was still scared of his big dick. He was able to slip the head of his dick into me much easier than Joe but it still hurt a little but not as much as before. I felt fuller but my ass stretched enough to allow him to continue his insertion. When I told him to slow down, he quickly complied and waited for me to tell him he could continue. When he was about halfway in my ass, he began to slowly hump on me.
He was slowly fucking my ass when he told me, "You know Abby, no girl has ever taken my dick in her ass before. Some wouldn't even try."
"So you were an anal virgin too Walt?"
"Yes Abby, you took my innocence from me."
That comment made us both laugh but the laughter quickly turned to moans as he began to butt fuck me faster. When he pushed himself deeper into me as he came, I knew I had taken his entire dick up my ass. I felt proud that I could take it all too. I was the first girl to deep throat Walt and the first to take his dick in her ass. I knew he'd remember me for the rest of his life.
Even though I was exhausted, I let the guys fuck me one more time each that night but one at a time. They left early in the morning. When I woke up, my pussy and ass were sore and it was a long ride home that day but I had a big smile on my face. It was a good feeling though, knowing I fucked two guys the night before and drained their balls with my mouth, pussy and ass. I was young and enjoying life, wondering what life would bring my way next.