I like to fuck. Okay, I LOVE to fuck. And luckily I have had the opportunity to take my excessive sexual energy and put it to work for me in a lucrative career as an adult film star. I have fucked men of all races, sizes and nationalities. I've had my share of women, gang bangs etc all in the scripted "scenarios" that the porn business uses to showcase different sexual situations. Frankly, after awhile, though I thoroughly enjoyed the adult film business, it was getting so impersonal- we would often have a dozen or more personnel in the room while shooting a scene. Many of the "actors" were becoming jaded- the women's bodies were made up of fake boobs, tattoos and piercings- the guys equally as unappealing to my more artistic sense of beauty. I grew tired of the grind and sought to find a release that was a bit more personal and enjoyable.
I had some very good friends I had worked with over the years in the business that shared my interest in creating something different. We created Envy Productions. Using my notoriety and popularity, we opted to create our own studio with a live feed. My many admirers could essentially either pay per view for live porn shows or have a monthly subscription. I enlisted some of my favorite partners who voyeuristically enjoyed the rush of sucking, fucking and pumping in front of a live audience of thousands if not tens of thousands on any given performance. We didn't come up with contrived story lines we simply went to work giving the audience what they clearly wanted. Sometimes, we broadcast from different locations to change it up a bit but mostly we worked from our studio.
Our project was a huge success and quickly became one of the most lucrative XXX Adult sites on the web. My business partners (basically the sound, light and camera men) and I decided it was time to really cash in on our success and make our next "show" exceptional with the thought that we might make enough to put a chunk away towards our retirement. (hey-these boobs won't always be this perky nor my ass as tight...) Sam the cameraman and all around web designer came up with a brilliant promotion. Why don't we run a contest and have a viewer win the chance to be the star with you in a live interactive show? I admit the idea sounded intriguing and we spent the next hour or so hashing out the logistics. We wanted the winner to be chosen completely at random, we wanted the viewers to be able to direct the show as if they were the director of a porn movie and we wanted it to be completely interactive with the suggestions and desires of the viewers to be carried out by the winner and I all live.
We launched the contest on the site and immediately our fans were delighted by the thought of ravishing my beautiful, sexy body all the while being directed by the audience.Thousands of entries poured in online. On the day that I announced the winner and the date and time of the show the boards showed numbers beyond all of our expectations.
The winner's name was Gerald Foster. I perused the different social media outlets and could not find anything posted by him. I wondered what he looked like, what it would be like for an amateur to perform in front of a camera.
The night finally arrived and the numbers were blowing into oblivion. At the time of the broadcast, I was dressed in a new sexy outfit that I knew would please my viewers. See through panties that left little to the imagination, black garter belt with black silk stockings and push up bra that barely contained my full natural breasts. My hair was loose and my makeup was perfectly provocative. I covered myself with a black see through silk peignoir. The cameras were on with a second camera available to provide a different angle. I seated myself on a chase lounge and began to talk to the audience about how different and exciting this was for me. Suddenly, the door opened and Gerald strode into the room.
I struggled to keep the shock off of my face. Gerald was the most ordinary, middle aged man, balding and a bit on the chunky side. If he hadn't been coming onto a porn set, he probably would have had a pocket protector in his breast pocket. I secretly was extremely concerned that our viewers might be furious as this may not be their idea of good adult entertainment. Did anyone want to see this man naked?
However, I admit for a nerdy type he certainly seemed quite confident. He knew that he would be having sex on camera so I at least gave him an "A" for balls.
Gerald walked over to me and gave me a lingering kiss saying that he knew that this was going to be the best night of his life and that he would give it his all for all of the guys out there just like him who secretly wanted to fuck a sexy and beautiful babe like me. He looked at the camera and said that he had some ideas of his own but he was thoroughly committed to acting out the instructions that the audience may contribute. And with that he picked me up and placed me on a long table. He pulled out an old fashioned shaving brush and razor and said that he wanted to start by shaving me so that everyone could see my pussy in all its glory. I looked nervously over at my partners but they seemed to think that it would be all right. So I smiled and spread my legs in a provocative manner to allow the cameras to capture this.
He removed my panties. As he slowly began to run the shaving brush over my pussy, I closed my eyes enjoying the sensual feel of it. The bristles teased my clit as he ran it up and down applying soap. As he continued, soft moans escaped me as my pussy lips become engorged. He took the razor and gently began to process of removing the hair. As the cream disappeared, Gerald again ran the brush along the length of my pussy causing me to raise my legs up.
"We have a direction" said Sam. "A viewer would like to see you fuck Sheila with your finger." Gerald quickly complied while wiping the remaining foam off with a nearby towel. He inserted a finger into my aroused pussy and moved out of the way so that the viewers could see both my clean shaven pussy and his finger slowly fucking me.
"Another direction- a viewer would like you to fuck her with the brush". I looked at Gerald and he smiled and applied the lubricant provided and ever so gently inserted the end of the brush in my complying pussy. He moved it in and out for a minute. Oh I was getting hot- I was completely involved in losing myself to the whims of both Gerald and my audience. This was fresh and hot sex!
"Gerald show us Sheila's fabulous tits". Gerald smiled and removed the brush leaving me panting for the next step. He quickly removed the peignoir and had me stand back up as he reached behind me to undo the bra's clasp. I felt almost shy as my push up bra fell away exposing me to thousands. Gerald stood behind me and put his hands on my nipples, and tugged them for the audience to see. He twisted and tweaked them causing my knees to become weak. Then he reached down with one finger and fucked my pussy again while continuing his ministration on my nipples. I looked over at Sam who had a twinkle in his eye- he knew me well enough that this whole scene was completely putting me over the edge.
"A new request - Sheila indulge us by giving Gerald one of your famous blow jobs." Of course Gerald was happy to oblige and without fanfare, disrobed. Catching a glimpse of his body it was clear that he didn't take the time to work out or watch his diet. But he seemed completely at ease with the fact that his less than perfect body was on full display for all to see. He had me kneel on the carpet and eased my mouth towards his cock. The camera men moved out to catch both the side angle and the front for the audience to have a full view of my talent. I began by licking his balls and gently taking each one into my mouth. Then slowly running my tongue up his shaft I encircled the top with my lips. My tongue ran rings around the tip then I began to take his good size erection deep into my throat; slowly taking all 7 inches of it at once. I repeated this process several times until Sam shouted another view direction, "Gerald fuck Sheila's mouth." Gerald complied and began to at first slowly fuck my mouth but then with some urgency picked up the pace. I was concerned that Gerald would blow his wad right then and there but he demonstrated expert control until the next command came in.
"Gerald, tie Sheila up on the table." Oh this was getting interesting and I was hotter than I normally am while doing a scene. The spontaneity was refreshing and I gladly positioned my self back on the table while Gerald produced some ties to tie me to a chair top located at the end. He then positioned my legs completely spread across the table so that the viewers could again get a clear view of my bare and swollen pussy. I had never felt so completely exposed, vulnerable and naked. Gerald announced that it was again his turn as he had been fantasizing about eating me for years. He winked at the camera and said "I know that this is something that all of you would like to do given the opportunity".
He began by sucking my toes, one at a time, working his way up my long legs. He was clearly enjoying adding to my misery as he took his time to let his tongue graze over my swollen lips and gently fuck me with his tongue. When he finally reached my clitoris I was writhing within the confines of my ties. He moved to stand to the side of me and bent over me so that he could suck my clitoris but allow the viewers to get a full line of sight of my pussy. As he licked and sucked I had my first orgasm as the camera fully disclosed my pussy's throbbing and contracting with my orgasm. Gerald smiled at the camera and inserted first one, then two and finally three fingers to fuck my now very wet pussy- all captured on camera. The combination of the fingers and the fact that this was probably the first time a camera had actually caught a close up of my orgasm sent another spasm throughout my body.
As I lay sprawled across the table, still tied, a viewer stated that he wanted Gerald to fuck my mouth again. Happy to comply he said as he stood over the end edge of the table and inserted his cock into my mouth, slowly fucking my mouth as my head leaned back to allow more passage. As he built up his momentum, my cameraman and director reverted to a split screen, with the left illustrating the deep thrust of his cock pushing into the recesses of my throat and the right screen documenting how turned on my pussy was as the lips continued to swell and pulsate. More instructions came in- a viewer wanted to see Gerald fuck me with some toys. The crew graciously produced a number of items, and Gerald withdrew his cock from my mouth to pick up a large dildo. Now my viewers know that not only could I suck a dick like no other, I could also take on the largest dicks that the industry had. So Gerald in true form grabbed an extra large dildo that had me whimpering in anticipation.
Though he had had a personal hand in making me thoroughly wet, as a true gentleman, he still added a little lube to the dildo. As the camera zoomed in, he gently began to insert the large bulbous head into my pussy as my legs tried desperately to part wider to allow deeper access. Sensing my frustration, Gerald stopped for a moment to undo the binds around my ankles allowing my legs to widen in anticipation. The head was now completely buried and he began to ease it deeper and deeper again drawing me to the edge. He began to move it in and out more rapidly- then abruptly stopped just as I was beginning to crest. He repeated this process several times in succession. The audience clearly loved this as there were no longer any commands or directions coming in just remarks of approval as well as comments to keep it up and prevent me from coming. I was bucking, trying to get him to hit my G-spot for some needed relief but he kept torturing me. Suddenly he removed the dildo to give the viewers a chance to see my gaping hole which clearly was swollen and ready to explode. Even Sam was clearly getting turned on which says a lot as he is so over this business that he rarely gets a hard-on filming a scene.
Reaching into the toy box, Gerald reached for a double dildo with a smile on his face. Again lubing it up, he inserted the first part into my pussy while the other part entered my asshole. Oh yeah, I though to myself as he slowly began to move it in a rhythm -in and out, in and out as he once again pushed me to the boundary. He again removed it for a close up, allowing the audience to see not only one but two gaping holes. Now a new command came in- "Gerald- fuck her up the ass." Gerald turned and smiled and positioned himself in front of my ass. He lifted my legs into the air and oddly enough unceremoniously almost rammed his dick into my ass. I was not prepared for this and while it was unexpected, it still had the desired affect of absolutely pushing me into the throes of a wild, much needed orgasm as he pounded my ass while fingering my clit. I screamed out as I continued to come over and over again in what felt like a continuous stream of ecstasy. Now it was Gerald's turn to direct the action as he began to build to his well deserved climax. As he grew close he decided to finish with a classic porn cum shot, withdrawing his penis and stroking it over my breasts and mouth allowing the cum to shoot all over. I quickly began to rub the cum all over my breasts as I caressed and tweaked my nipples. The camera turned to focus in on Gerald's reaction. The man clearly had lived out his most desired fantasy of starring in his own porn.
The twitter feed was off the wall as the viewers were not shy about tweeting when they came, how they came, how often they came. Even as Gerald was gently kissing me goodbye, the audience was clamoring for a new contest...and I would be only too happy to comply. The fact is that this had made me hotter than ever and I was eager to see what the next winner would deliver!