I was 25 years old, married for three years, oh, and by the way a cock loving slut.
Derek, my husband had a new job. Following his engineering degree he had been approached by a London based consultancy.
This meant we had move from our quiet village life to a new home in St Albans, north of London. So I guess I had gone from a Town slut to a Village slut, and now a City slut.
I had a farewell party at our local pub where I let anyone who wanted to fuck me. Read my previous stories on exhibitionist and pub slut to understand why.
It wasn't really a gang bang as they took turns fucking me throughout the evening. I guess about 15 or so guys, and a few girls enjoyed my open legs.
We settled in to our new home and life. Derek, or D, as I call him worked in London initially and then on different jobs anywhere in the country and a few overseas.
I too found a job in London as a secretary in an advertising agency. This meant a lot of train and tube travel which, I have to say was enjoyable for a young sex mad housewife in those days, the late 1980's through the early 1990's.
I had many experiences on my travels and in London, but more about those in a later story.
D had been to France a few times and then booked a long weekend away for both of us in Paris. It was in early Spring and the weather was nice and warm. It was chilly in the evening which felt good on my tits as my nipples got hard in my flimsy clothes.
We did the usual site seeing bits on the first day, Eiffel tower, Champs- Elysees and such like. It really is a lovely city and we enjoyed a meal that evening in a small restaurant off the main streets that locals use. D had been taken there by his firms French clients. The food and wine was lovely and I behaved myself. I wore a bra that just covered my nipples, a see through blouse and a tight skirt that was halfway down my thighs.
The waiter had a good view of my tits as he served us, and as the evening went on I undid a few more buttons and D lifted my tits up and out of my bra. They were just resting on my bra and fully on view. My skirt was slowly riding up so my thighs were on show. D encouraged me to pull it up high enough to show my hairy bush. I soon had it high enough to spread my legs giving the waiter a total show. I was not wearing any knickers.
"Dirty girl, do you want to fuck him?"
"If I get the chance, I'd love to. It looks like he has a nice cock and he is attractive."
We finished our main course and were ordering a dessert and brandy and coffee. I thought now or never. I leaned forward so the waiter could see all of my tits and asked in broken french where the ladies toilets were. I pretended not to understand his reply and got him to show me.
They were upstairs and he let me go first up them. My skirt was still high enough to let him see my ass as I climbed the stairs. By the time we got to the top his hand was between my thighs. I smiled as he showed me the ladies and felt for his cock through his trousers.
He opened another door, it looked like a storeroom and pulled me in. He put his hand between my legs and started to finger me. I was stroking his hard cock and trying to undo his trousers. He pulled my blouse off and lifted my skirt up to my waist. My cunt was wet with anticipation as he removed his trousers. His cock was sticking up, I dropped to my knees and started sucking it. He moaned something in French as I took it all the way down my throat.
He pulled me up and turned me around pushing me over some boxes. His cock found the entrance to my cunt and he thrust it in me, balls deep in one go. Fuck I needed it, my cunt was running in my juices. He reached around me and grabbed my tits with both hands. He used them to pull me back onto his cock as his pace built up.
I was rubbing my clit and soon felt my orgasm coming. He felt me pushing back on his cock as I came and he pinched my nipples as he groaned and his spunk erupted in my cunt. He dumped at least three streams of his spunk in me as I was cumming.
He pulled out and quickly pulled his trousers up, giving my ass a hard slap as he left. I was still cumming and rubbing my clit as the door opened. D and another waiter appeared and closed the door. I soon had D's cock in my mouth and another Fench cock up my cunt.
They both unloaded more spunk in my mouth and cunt. The waiter smiled and gave D a thumbs up sign. They left me to clean up and I went to the toilet. I was still cumming as I sat there.
I tidied myself up, put my tits back in my bra and pulled my skirt down. Downstairs our dessert had been served and a smiling waiter brought our coffee and brandy. We finished or meal and walked back to our hotel.
It was a small hotel but had a bar and lounge area. D ordered some drinks and I had a look in reception at some brochures advertising shows.
"Looking for anything special young lady?," asked the guy on reception in perfect English.
"Why, is there any show you would recommend?"
"Depends what you like or are after," he replied.
"Maybe something sexy."
"You like sex then?"
"Who does not."
Walking back to the hotel D had got me to pull my tits out of my bra again, so they were resting on top of my cups and in full view of the guy I was talking to.
"How about something like this?" He asked pulling a leaflet from below the counter.
It was advertising a sex show called 'Le deux balle.'
As I looked at the leaflet he explained it was a live sex show, lots of fucking and sucking and finishes in an orgy on nets above your heads.
"It is a small theatre,only about 80 seats, but I could try and book tickets if you like?"
"Let me ask my husband," I smiled.
I went back to the lounge and told him about the show, As he looked at the leaflet and I told him what the guy had told me I could see his cock growing.
"Do you want to go?" He asked.
"Silly question," I laughed.
I went back to the guy in reception and asked if he could get us tickets for the next night.
"Leave it with me, I will try and let you know if I can."
We finished our drinks and headed to our room, the guy was on the phone and smiled.
D had his cock out before we got to our room. I stripped and he laid me on the bed and my mouth was soon full of his cock. I was giving him my full attention when there was a knock on our door. Fuck, I thought but got up to answer the door.
Opening it slightly I could see the guy from reception.
"Who is it?" D asked.
"Guy from reception," I started to say before D shouted come on in.
Before I could say anything he was inside our room. I stood there naked in front of him.
"Very nice," he said as he went and sat by our bed, D was still on his back, his cock sticking up.
Fuck it, I thought and knelt beside our bed and carried on sucking D's cock.
He explained he had booked us tickets and a taxi for the show tomorrow night.
I felt his hands on my ass as he talked.
"Beautiful," I heard him say.
I wiggled my ass cheeks as he caressed them.
"May I?"
"Help yourself," D replied.
I heard his zip, and he said he had finished his shift, and I sensed him undressing. More French cock I thought as I was busy working on D's cock.
He then surprised me by starting to kiss my cheeks, on them and then between them. His tongue teased my anus, I pushed my ass higher up and his tongue was licking my slit.
He stroked my thighs, his fingers gently entered my pussy. I moaned in pleasure as he fingered me. His tongue went back to my anus, he pushed it inside my ass. I pushed back as my orgasm erupted. My cum ran over his fingers as D filled my mouth with his spunk.
He stopped fingering and licking me, his cock was resting between the cheeks of ass. He moved it up and down. I reached between my legs and felt his balls.
"Fuck, your sexy, such a beautiful ass,I'm going to enjoy fucking you." He said as his cock was pushing my cunt lips apart.
It slid in me so easy. I felt it as it entered me, after a few inches were inside me he stopped.
"No, don't stop please, fuck me now, I want all your cock."
With that he kept pushing it up inside me. I thought it would never stop, it was one of the longest cocks I had ever had. It must have been more than ten inches long. He held my hips as he started to fuck me. My mouth was still on D's limp cock, my cunt was being stretched by the length of his cock.
"What a lovely cunt, nice and tight and so fucking juicy."
I moaned as it pounded up me, hitting my cervix, his balls bouncing on my ass.
D was getting hard again as he watched me taking this cock.
"God she is a good fuck, you are a lucky bloke, can I cum in her?"
"Fuck yes," I mumbled with my mouth on D's cock.
I don't know how much spunk he unloaded inside me as I orgasmed. It seemed to be one continual flow of cum. My cunt was full of his spunk, it was running down my thighs in streams.
I squeezed his balls, he pulled his cock out, I quickly spun around, I had to see that cock. It looked longer than ever, glistening in our juices. I took it in my mouth, it hit the back of my throat. I gagged, then opened my throat taking the full length.
God I loved it, I sucked like mad on it. I wanted every last drop of his spunk. He was the one moaning now as I drained his balls.
I climbed up on the bed, he then surprised me again by going down on me. He was eating my cunt as I spread my legs wide open. D had moved to the chair, jerking his cock as he made me cum again.
He was licking his lips as he moved up on top of me. I kissed him, tasting my own juices.
"Your cunt tastes delicious, and I like a nice hairy one."
I could feel his cock.growing hard again and thought I had to have it again, only I wanted to feel it's length up my ass.
"Let me turn over please." I asked him and as he rolled off me I got on my hands and knees on the bed. I pushed my bum high in the air.
"Fuck me again like this and use all my holes."
He looked at D who was watching and still stroking his cock.
"For an English women your wife is very open about sex, and very good at it. Look at that ass of hers, so inviting. I think you two will enjoy the sex show tomorrow."
"I think she wants her ass fucked, don't you darling." D replied.
"And DP when your both ready, please boys. Be rough with me, fuck me hard."
And they did, he put his cock in my ass, I took the full ten inches up my rear passage. He was pulling on my hips as he pounded my ass. I was pushing back trying to make sure his cock.was fully in my ass.
D had moved and had his legs either side of my head. He was slapping my face with his cock. I was flicking my tongue out trying to lick it.
"Get under me and put your cock in my cunt D, I want both cocks in me, just fuck me like you would a whore."
He eased back, letting D move below me. I guided D's cock in my cunt as he was slowly still fucking my ass. I could feel both their cocks stretching my cunt and ass at the same time.
"Oh fuck, that's it, fill me with your cocks and cum, make me cum." I was shouting.
I started cumming as D shot his load of spunk up my soaking wet cunt. The hotel guy just kept going and going, pounding my asshole. I then felt him withdraw from my ass and he put it straight up my cunt, alongside D's limp cock. I could feel both cocks filling my cunt.
He then went back up my ass, D managed to slide out from under me as he pulled me back on on my knees, his cock never stopped, I orgasmed twice before he finally unloaded his spunk up my rear passage. I had never felt so much spunk fill my ass.
As his cock exited my ass I pushed him on his back and took his cock in my mouth. I sucked and licked his cock and balls, tasting our juices.
"Fuck you are a sexy bitch, you really like cock don't you," he said as I lay with my head on his lap. His cock slowly shrinking in my mouth.
D poured us a drink from the room bar as we all sat back, me with a big grin on my face and my hand between my legs.
The next morning he was back on duty as we had some coffee and croissants. My blouse was undone, deliberately, so he could see my tits. He smiled and had a good feel of them.
We spent the rest of the day wandering around Paris, shopping and sightseeing. I flashed my tits and bum whenever I could. Paris is a sexy place, I thought.
We had an early evening meal and returned to the hotel to dress for the show.
I put on my stockings, suspenders, black quarter cup bra, a pair of french knickers and a red fold over dress that easily opened to show all.
It was chilly, but not cold, so I decided no coat. We went down to the bar and waited for the taxi.
I showed our lovely french guy what I was wearing under my dress. He smiled as he told us our taxi was here.
As I got in the taxi my dress fell open giving the driver a good look at me. My bush was clearly visible through my french knickers and my nipples were hard and showing on top of my bra.
I left my dress open as he drove us to the theatre, he obviously knew we were going to see the live sex show as he openly admired the view.
He told us he would be back to pick us up after the show as his eyes never left my pussy as he helped me out of the car.
I pulled the belt around my dress as we entered the theatre, it was quite small inside. You had to leave your coats, bags and any cameras at the reception area.
Inside was about 6/8 sloping rows of 10 seats. The seat were in twos, more like small sofas.
The stage was right across the front and above our heads was a large rope net. If you stood up it was roughly two feet above your head.
The theatre was soon filling up with people, mostly couples, and of all ages. Our seats were in the middle of the third row, so we took our places. I undid the tie around my dress and let it just hang on my shoulders, know every movement I made would reveal my underwear, and more.
As people moved past us to their seats I had to stand up, I let my dress open and smiled as they looked at me. Fuck, I was feeling so horny.
The show started, I think there was a story. It seemed to involve a master and mistress, two maids and a couple of male workers. Six in total. The maids, dressed as french maids, were soon on their knees servicing the master and mistress with their mouths. The workers did not take long to pull their knickers down and fuck the maids, doggy style as they sucked away on the masters cock and the mistessses cunt.
This was all happening live, roughly 20 feet in front of us. You could clearly see everything. My cunt was throbbing as I watched, my dress and legs were open and I was openly rubbing myself through my french knickers. I looked at D, he had a hard on.
Looking along our line and behind us, I saw one girl sucking her partners cock, many were just groping each other. I went to unzip D, but he had his cock out already, stroking it, I leaned over and kissed it for him.
I felt a hand on my thigh, it was a guy next to us, he was running his hand up and down my thigh, over my stocking tops. The women he was with was playing with his cock as we all were watching a, by now, naked orgy happening in front of us.
They were acting, but cocks were hard and in and out of holes and mouths all the time. I was loving it, watching a live sex show with strangers. The guy next to me was stroking my pussy, I was getting wetter and he knew it, he could feel my wetness through my knickers.
I put my hand out to touch D's cock but found another hand, not his, I looked and the woman next to him was busy jerking off D and her partner. The guy next to me had worked his hand down inside my knickers and was rubbing my clit. I opened my legs and he slipped a finger inside my wet cunt. His girl was sucking on his cock as he played with me.
The actors had finished fucking each other, I was not sure if they had cum, but their cocks were still hard. They moved a screen at the side of the stage revealing a huge penus. It was six foot tall, veined and all, with a huge bell head on it. Sat on top was a another lifelike looking cock. This was about 12 inches long and a good 2/3 inches in girth.
One of the girls climbed up behind this monster cock, reaching the top she used some handles to position herself above the cock. Opening her legs she lowered herself onto this cock. Stopping every so often as she took it all the way in her cunt.
She started riding it,everyone was watching as she brought herself to an orgasm. It looked very real to me as she ground her cunt down on it. She was followed by another girl and again orgasmed on top of this beautiful huge penus.
Fuck, I thought, I'd love to try riding that.
The three guys were stood on stage, gently playing with their cocks. One started speaking, pointing to this cock. I suddenly realised he was inviting some members of the audience if they wanted to ride it.
I jumped up,.my hand up in the air. Fuck, so did about ten other women. The three guys walked up and down beside us. They picked one, two, three girls and finally me. I nearly came as I was invited onto the stage.
The four of us were lined up on stage in front of the audience. I felt overdressed as the actors were all virtually naked. It was all I could do to stop myself stripping and sucking on their cocks, I was that horny.
Two of them were talking to the first girl, she smiled as they removed her dress. She soon took her knickers off, revealing a nice bush, like mine. She was not wearing a bra and had a nice pair of tits. One of the girls showed her how to climb up and where to hold onto. She got to the top and, with cheers lowered herself onto the cock. She did well, taking about two thirds of it up inside her, before lifting off.
The next girl chickened out, so it was my turn. The guy next to me was muttering away in french. I did not really understand but he soon had my dress off. I wanted to enjoy myself so I slowly eased my french knickers down. Trying to be sexy, well I got a few cheers and a pat on my ass from the actor guy.
I heard the word lube, but as his hand went between my my legs, he smiled as he felt how wet I was. I left my quarter cup bra on, my tits just resting on top of it.
I climbed up the back and stood on top of this monster. My legs opened, as I looked out at the audience, smiling.
Holding the handles, I lowered myself onto this 12 inch cock. I used one hand to pull my cunt lips open and let it slide up my love hole. It was one of the biggest things I had taken, and it was hard and cold. I loved it as inch after inch made its way up inside me. It was stretching my cunt all ways, I gripped the handles with both hands and started riding it.
I didn't just ride it, I fucked it, all 12 inches. I looked out at my audience as my tits were bouncing up and down. I felt my orgasm building as I took it all up inside me. My juices were flowing already, as I came, screaming loudly.
I kept going, I wanted to cum again, my body was tingling with anticipation as my next orgasm hit me.
"Oh fucking hell, yes, yes, yes I'm fucking cummmmming."
I collapsed onto this cock with cheers from the audience.
The girl helped me down and wiped it clean for the next girl.
I stood next to on of the guys, his arm around my waist as my cum was leaking out down over my thighs and stockings. I looked at his cock, I reached out to hold it as the next girl was mounting the cock.
I started to stroke his cock, he smiled as I played with it. The girl on the cock was like me, she was enjoying herself as well. She came, but then lifted off and moved forward a bit. She then lowered herself down but put it up her ass. Fuck, why didn't I think of that.
I had to, I leaned forward and licked his cock. He looked, his hand went down my ass cheeks. I felt his finger by my anus, I moaned as I sucked on his cock. His finger pushed into my anus, I moaned again. He motioned to another guy. He came behind me. The first guy turned so I was facing him, my hands on his hips as he started face fucking me.
I felt a cock between my thighs, go on please fuck me, here on stage. I want them all to watch me getting fucked on stage.
His cock slid easily up my cunt, I moaned, he took it out and I felt it push at my anus. I pushed back just as he inserted up my ass. Fuck, it was right up my rear passage.
I was getting spit roasted on stage. The girl on the cock was still taking it up her ass. The audience was cheering us on as I orgasmed again. Fuck I love sex.
He kept fucking my asshole, they moved me around so everyone could see I was getting properly fucked.
The girl riding the huge cock finally stopped. The one who chickened out had got her nerves back and was soon taking it up her cunt as well.
I was getting a good fucking from two of the actors, after I came they swapped over. I could taste my juices on the cock in my mouth as another cock was enjoying my asshole.
I was in ecstasy as one unloading in my mouth, I took most of it but he sprayed some on my face. I guess for the benefit of the audience.
The guy up my ass quickened up, he was about to cum. Please cum in my ass I thought. He did but only the first stream, he jerked the rest over my ass cheeks.
I stood up, facing the crowd, cum was dripping from my face, my own was running down my thighs and over my stockings, the cum up my ass was leaking out. Fuck, I was in my element, I was born to be a cock loving cum slut and had shown them all what a slut I was.
One of the girls used a towel to wipe me a bit cleaner. They handed us our clothes back and we returned to our seats. I carried mine over my arm as I made my way along our row of seats. I was groped by nearly everyone I passed. One guy tried to turn me around and sit on his cock but his partner stopped him.
I got back to D, I could see his cock was limp, but clean. The lady next to him was smiling, licking her lips.
"Fuck you were amazing up there, you should join the show."
"I loved it, such a turn on with everyone watching, and I want a lot of cock tonight darling."
The guy next to me soon had his hand on my cunt again, he had two or three fingers in my wet slit as we waited for the next part of the show.
The lights dimmed on the stage and then illuminated the nets above our heads.
It was unreal, six naked people started fucking in the nets as we all looked up.
They took up all sorts of positions, you could see cocks going in cunts and mouths four feet above you.
They were bouncing around as they fucked, drops of body fluids were dripping down onto us as we watched.
I realised the guy next to me was now on his knees between my legs and his cock was up my cunt. I smiled at him as I jerked D off.
I think roughly half the audience were now fucking or sucking cock. I felt him cum inside me, as he pulled out his partner was soon licking my cunt.
The actors above were soon all on their knees, the guys wanking and cumming over us, the girls had their cunts pulled open and letting their juices drip down as well.
The lights all went out. The show was over. People were smiling and arranging their clothes as they left. I thought fuck it, and walked out with my dress and knickers over my arm.
D picked up my bag and bits we left on entrance and we exited the theatre out to the street.
There was a row of taxis waiting and D found ours. I was walking in just my stockings and suspenders with my tits resting on top of my bra. My nipples got harder with the chilly air.
The taxi driver had a big grin on his face as he saw me walking up.
"Enjoy the show?" He asked.
"Fucking loved it." I replied as he opened the door for me. I placed my dress on the seat to sit on as drips of cum were still leaking. He gave my ass a squeeze as I got in.
I was still turned on by the show, and my part in it. My hand was between my legs, holding my cunt. The driver adjusted a mirror so he could watch me. D was telling him all about my antics on the stage, in every detail.
My head went back, my legs opened as I squeezed my tits with one hand and fingered myself to another orgasm.
The street lights vanished as he turned off into an industrial estate. I heard D saying he could fuck me if he wanted to as I was cumming.. He pulled up and got out. D helped me out and I was soon leaning against the side of the car with the drivers cock pounding up my cock loving cunt.
"Thats it, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Harder please, god I love cock."
D watched as I stood there, legs wide apart and the drivers cock reaming my cunt. My orgasm was just continual as he shot his load of spunk in me. I did what every good slut does and sucked his cock clean
He finally dropped us back at the hotel. I slipped my dress over my shoulders and we walked in. Luckily it was quiet, only our friend behind the bar and two locals having a drink.
I sat on a bar stool, my dress was not really hiding anything so I let it fall off me. D was telling the guy about the show and me now. The locals, two older guys were just staring at me, well my tits mainly.
The guy was smiling as D told him of my involvement and he was soon rubbing that beautiful cock of his. He had fucked me last night and I knew I wanted him to fuck me again.
"Come around here Anna please, I can't lock up yet but I want to fuck right here and now."
I got off the bar stool giving the two locals, who were in their 70's, a full frontal display. I walked over to them and pushed my cunt towards them.
I stroked myself and turned around, bending over I pulled my ass cheeks apart letting the have good look before I went behind the bar.
I lent on the bar, my tits resting on top, as our French friend soon had his cock up my cunt. I squeezed my pelvic muscles greeting his large cock.
"Oh god yes, that's it fuck me, I love cock, make me cum."
"Don't worry you fucking English cunt, you are going to get well and truly fucked."
He called the two old guys up to play with my tits. They were pulling on my nipples just as I like it, hard and hurting me. Our friend took his cock out of my cunt and one of the old french guys took his place fucking me. I didn't care, a cock is cock.
They all fucked me, I ended up on the floor, cum running out of my mouth and holes. After the show I wanted an audience again, I wanted more cock.
I saw the three french guys talking with D.
"Put your dress on dear, if you want more cock, follow these two."
I did as told, my dress was on, sort of, it was wide open at the front. We followed the two old guys to a small park. There were 5/6 guys sat around drinking out of bottles. They were all talking to the two I had fucked.
Next thing I knew some of them picked me up, my dress discarded, and I was thrown on a dirty old mattress. I lay back and opened my legs.
"Come on you French pricks, fuck me."
I don't think they understood me, but seeing me on the ground, my legs wide open, they soon understood.
They all stood around watching as each one took his turn. I loved it, my hips were thrusting back at them as they repeatedly filled my cunt with their spunk.
I smiled at D as I took one cock after another. I was like a street whore, my legs wide open in the air as I let anyone and everyone fuck me how they wanted to. They were dirty and smelling as they unloaded their spunk in my holes.
I don't know if it was the sex show, performing on stage, or just the fact I needed cock, but my orgasms kept cummming. I would have fucked anyone.
Our french friend finally turned up and helped D carry me back to the hotel.
They put me on the bed and our French friend fucked my ass again, then D fucked me.
"Had enough cock yet?" He asked.
"I fucking love you D, can we cum to Paris again, soon!"