Chapter 13 Praise at last.
After breakfast I got a phone call from Mark, he was very excited about the 'performance', as he called it, last night.
'You are going to need a bonus for all the money you must have spent on clothes,' he laughed. 'Do you fancy meeting for a coffee today or tomorrow. No problem if you are busy but I have got a couple of things to show you that you might like. Can you put me on a loudspeaker?'
'You can be, right, you are now.'
'I just wanted to say Susan, that you don't have to come prepared to take all your clothes off this time. Not that I am ever going to stop you if you want to, but last night you proved to me that you have everything we are looking for. This time I do have some ideas, not criticisms just things that other people do which could make you numero uno quite easily. You both have a great attitude for this apartment business.'
'Sure this afternoon, four o'clock okay for you Mark?'
'Great see you there.'
'Why don't you call Joanne and make a date to take her shopping, not that you need to come if you don't want to. I can probably manage it on my own if you would prefer it?' I said.
'Yeah right. As if I am going to let the two of you disappear off for a few hours in an environment where she is taking her clothes off. By the way what happened last night. After a couple of hours, I was definitely under the impression that we were going to be swapping for the first time. At least oral. I was just about to go down on him you know. After our earlier chat I thought that this was it. I really did. You obviously liked her and Pete was much better for the knowing. I am getting to like them both. If you hadn't wanted me to perhaps you should have told me before. I was very close.'
'No that wasn't it at all. Like you, right up to the last change of clothing I had imagined us going to the next stage, as you say, at least oral. Pete told me while you were changing that last time, however, that like us they had an agreement that they wouldn't have sex with anyone else. That they were still talking about it, but before they did anything, he thought they would want to have a talk about it. And then when you came out in that last outfit with the blindfold on, well, he just lost his mind. I had told him that I would wave you over to my side but of course with the blindfold on you couldn't see me, and then when he went into, 'OMG what 's this. I am in love mode,' I had to get Joanne to pull you over. Again, you could not have seen, but Pete was thunderstruck- cuntstruck, if you don't mind me using that word. If I hadn't pulled you over they would have had a difficult conversation this morning. Better to have friends that will probably eventually see things our way about having fun.'
'Oh that's good. Yes, well done for pulling me out. I must admit I saw them in a new light last night. I thought that she had taken advantage of me the first time but now I realise that actually they are very similar to us. In fact, after that little story, really similar. Oh my though, I was ready for a cock last night, yours of course was wonderful, but I am afraid any cock would have done me. Thank god you were there,' she laughed merrily.
Before we went out for lunch I actually gave her the choice of choosing her own clothes. 'No thanks,' she said. 'I got so many compliments last night for the clothes I both wore and owned I think you had better keep choosing. It is quite cold out today so I will cover whatever you decide with a coat anyway.'
I couldn't decide between something that she really looked lovely in or something that Mark would really appreciate. As he was very happy with us I decided that she would like the former so chose one of the mohair shorts sets. Susan did raise her eyebrows a little by asking if they were not a little skimpy for a coffee shop. I knew then that I had got it right.
We had a lazy lunch in the pub and then met up with Mark at four.
He was there before us and rose as we approached the table. Our coffees were there. He was in a good mood. He was in an even better mood when Susan took off her coat.
'Good lord Susan, if I remember correct that was one of the earlier outfits you wore last night. I did not expect to see it out this afternoon but you do look beautiful in it.'
'Thank you kind sir,' she laughed. 'Did you enjoy our little party last night.'
'Enjoy it. I'll say. Everyone I know enjoyed it and it brought in a huge number of new viewers. Keep that sort of thing up and they will stay. I didn't know you were that close with Joanne and Pete.'
'Neither did we,' I laughed. 'Susan and Joanne hit it off a treat at their place last week, and so we just invited them back. As it happens we had been shopping so we were able to duplicate the sort of evening that we had at their place.'
I winked at Susan thinking it would not be wise to reveal the complete truth.
'Yes,' she said. 'As it happens we are both about the same size so we can wear each other's clothing. You would have seen her in one of these outfits as well.' She stood and gave us a twirl. I could see Mark was enraptured by her tightly covered bum and prominent camel-toe.
'I did notice, all those outfits were yours, were they? I wondered whether you had been shopping with Joanne.'
'No but we are going later in the week with her. Pete apparently has not been very good at shopping with her so she has asked us to go with her.'
'Wow,' he said. 'If you can give me advance warning of when it will be, and more importantly when you will be getting together to try it all on then I can advertise it to our subscribers and get you an even bigger audience.'
Susan looked a bit shocked by that. As happy as she was now with the cameras she still did not connect the sight of a camera with a few thousand people watching from their computers.
'Sure,' I said. 'In fairness I must make sure that Joanne is happy with the idea, but I cannot see a problem. Do you guide them like you guide us?'
'No,' he said. My colleague got them in, but no-one really mentors them. I haven't been with the company that long and have been trying mentoring as a new approach to getting members. Maybe I could talk about doing the same with them.'
'Who else do you mentor?' I asked.
'Just you and the new couple who are about to start Cherie and Colin. The problem with them is I cannot get them to commit at the moment. They live in Manchester and don't like the idea of moving. I am actually looking for one or two new couples at the moment. We have two flats going free. In fact one of them is in your block, and the other one around the corner.'
I suddenly thought about Bryony and Sam and Jim and Brenda.
'If we could find a new couple for you what's in it for us.'
He thought about it. 'They would have to be the same sort of people that you are. You know open, exhibitionist even.'
'That works,' I said. 'What about some of the people who came to our games evening.'
I could see his brains whirring again. 'Let's see, there was an older couple, but she was fit. I am not sure whether they would be quite right.'
'I wasn't actually thinking of them. He has a good career and a nice place already. I was thinking about the two girls, the black Caribbean girl and her best friend the bubbly blonde one. And maybe the other couple, newlyweds.'
'I would love the girls, yes,' he said. 'The newlyweds, she was a tall girl right, big tits, and her husband was a big strong lad who looked like a farmer.'
'That's them, yes.'
'I'll tell you what. Rather than give you an up-front finder's fee, when they may not like it and leave, I will give you five percent of what we pay them, and the same for the other couple.' He sounded too keen to me. I thought maybe there was an opportunity to haggle.
'Ten percent and we have a deal.'
'Ten percent for the girls I think they could be very good, and five for the couple.'
'Agreed on the girls and seven and a half for the couple.'
'Seven.'
'Agreed.'
I felt like a businessman. We shook hands. Susan looked on in wonderment. Like me she recognised that both these couples could really be interested. Neither of us had any idea what they did for a living at the moment. This was money for nothing. Well, just for asking them if I could make them some money. None of them had been intimidated by the cameras in our flat. Privately I also thought it would be wonderful to have Bryony and Sam in the same block as we were. Even Brenda and Jim if that was the way it worked out. 'Anyway you mentioned showing us things we might like. Is this like giving us some hints on improving our watchability?'
'Exactly, look at these clips I have compiled of some of the flatmates in one of our rival companies set of flats.'
Our ears pricked up, 'Is this the site you mentioned the other day?'
'That's the one, Alex, look at all the clips of these guys. Look six-packs almost entirely. You are doing really well without a top body, you have a great attitude, but you can always improve.'
I nodded and acknowledged that he was right. I really hadn't taken his advice seriously and the way we were sleeping in more and more, I was getting less exercise.
'Susan look at these clips and see what you make of the girls in the clips.'
The clips were quite long, of three different girls, none of whom I noticed were speaking English.
'They are all very beautiful, but very different,' Susan said. 'And they move beautifully. I did notice this girl when we had a quick look the other day.'
'That's what I was hoping you would see. Look at them again. Look at how they walk and sit. They are graceful, never hurried. They glide, they sit upright always smiling, like they were at a posh garden party. And look particularly at this one. She walks around naked or wearing gorgeous undies, as you do, but she is forever picking things up from the floor, or bending to straighten the bed covers, or change the music on the radio. She always bends straight-legged from the waist. And her backside invariably faces the cameras, why - because she has a glorious bottom. It is her best feature. You see what she is doing.'
'Can we watch them again,' Susan said.
We did and Susan pointed out that this one particular girl was really clever. She was always facing away from the camera showing her best feature. It was not blatantly sexy but she moved so gracefully that you saw the overall movement and not just her bum hole. There was always just a hint of tease.
'Exactly,' said Mark, 'Now you know I am not complaining because I think you are already wonderful, and that if you do not want to change I will still love you forever, and watch you every night.'
Susan blushed again.
'I just felt that it might help to show you what some of the competition looks like. And they are competition. Rather than pay me one pound a night to watch you, people are paying other companies a pound to watch her. Every pound we get, you make money.'
I wondered whether we could get to the stage of being good enough that we could ask for a rise.
'The last thing I wanted to show you, and please excuse me, this is a bit graphic I am afraid. Look at these next few clips and tell me what you notice.'
We watched the first dozen clips to see eight or nine different girls all masturbating. Susan had done that so I wasn't really sure what I was looking at that was different. The last few made it obvious when we saw either the girl looking at the camera before swinging her legs round to make sure she was lined right up with the camera, or a few clips where the guy was arranging the girl's legs or bottom to face the cameras, after checking where they were.
We both spotted it so Mark said, 'I know you have done that once or twice but these always do it. They are almost like porn stars making sure that the camera gets the best view. Now this is difficult, I really don't want it to be too obvious as you are all amateurs, and that's what the putters are paying for, but they also like the tease, so don't do it all the time. If I wanted porn stars I would advertise for porn stars. I just want exhibitionists and that's what our clients love. I, and they, love you to be unpredictable. You know we all love the eight o'clock dares, because they are so unpredictable. Not every party night should be a dressing up parade, nor a ten-person orgy, or a game of strip poker. Do you know where I am coming from? Each of the flats eventually will find their USP.'
'Their what?'
'Unique selling point. Sorry it's a business acronym. That girl you liked, it's her bending and gliding, a couple of the others that you have seen just lie on the bed all day and masturbate, others go in for threesomes, others wife swapping. Yours is the best one of all as far as I am concerned, unpredictability. You have the ability to look naïve one day and like a harlot another. The parties, the eight o'clock dares, everything is always different. I know you are not into threesomes or swapping but that may well come. Not that it has to, it is going really well without it.'
'Thanks Mark, for my part I fully accept what you are telling me about keeping fit. Susan, you must nag me to get fitter. Okay?'
'Sure,' she said. 'For my part I loved the way that girl carried herself. I may even try deportment lessons if I can find out where to get some. If I can find one I will walk around Harrods trying to look as if I can afford to buy things there.'
We all laughed.
'Anyway that's all I have for you. You have made wonderful strides forward so just keep going and the cheques will keep flowing in. Let me know about the prospective tenants eh?'
And he was gone.
'He has got a cheek, hasn't he?' You were not serious about deportment lessons?'
'Well, sort of. Did you see that girl, and how she glided? She had real class. Just sitting chatting to friends, she looked serene. I may not take classes but if you see me walking around with books on my head you will know why.'
'I will believe that when I see it, but he was right about one thing. I really could get a bit fitter. All these girls I am seeing now naked or at least semi naked, well, it might be nice for them to have some beefcake to look at.'
'So are you saying that you are quite prepared to put in hours of hard work for Joanne, or Elise, Bryony perhaps, Sam, but you are not worried about what I see. How would you like me to stop wearing the clothes you like and start wearing the clothes that Gordon likes.'
'Oh sweetheart, I am sorry. You are right I did not think before I spoke and if truth be known, with all these girls in their underwear I guess I had been taking you for granted just a bit. You know that I love you and only you though, don't you?'
'And that's another thing, how many girls have you seen naked or nearly naked in the last few weeks, five, six, seven? And how many men have I seen. You, Gordon and maybe a little bit of Pete yesterday. It's not good enough. I didn't even get to touch his cock yesterday. After he had seen felt and smelt all of me. You're on notice Mister. I need more cock. Whoops,' she laughed, 'that didn't come out quite as I envisaged. I mean I need to see more cock. I want something in exchange for my body. Got it?'
'I got it. And that's only fair. I'll tell you what, next time we go shopping we will buy me some more boxers or underwear. I know I have that skimpy thing you gave me in Lace n'Easy, and I have never worn it. If we do the dressing parade again you must have new underwear for Pete and I. Anyway, come on, let's go home I want to prove that you are the only one for me. And that's before the eight o'clock dare.'
As it happens, that night the eight o'clock dare was for her to stay naked all evening.
'Wow, all night, just hanging around watching television. Is that what I have to do?'
I nodded. 'Uhuh.'
'Well if I have to, so do you.'
What could I say. I had no reason to say no.
She started laughing. 'Come on stud. My big brave boy who gets to see all these girls taking their clothes off. Give it up. Let them all see your cock. Payback time. Even better I am going to remind you that you were going to do some exercises. Naked press-ups, star jumps and trunk curls. I will be your fitness coach tonight.'
I blanched, I am sure. There were absolutely no excuses I could use. She started throwing her clothes off while laughing fit to bust.
'Come on, get 'em off. Start with jogging on the spot and I will call the exercises from the comfort of the sofa. Make sure you are in front of a camera.'
I slowly undressed while Susan put some upbeat music on. Michael Jackson and I were going to have fun together. I must admit after a few minutes I mainly forgot about the cameras. It was still embarrassing jumping up and down with my bits and pieces bouncing just in front of Susan, but she surprised me because she really got into the training schedule. She kept me going for nearly an hour before I cried off with exhaustion. Then she wouldn't just let me finish. I had to lie on a towel on the carpet and stretch, a real cooldown. I know she was right but at that stage I just wanted a shower. I had the shower and then called her into the bedroom where I let her know it was time for a blow-job. That was the only bit of my body she hadn't exercised. I remembered to lie in front of the camera so that her bum in the air was beautifully on view. I told her that I didn't have the energy to reciprocate, so we just lay there and cuddled. I gradually slid her legs apart and slowly tickled her labia and clit. Just gently, smoothing, tickling, pinching and tapping for probably an hour or more. Eventually it proved too be too exciting but too gentle and she took over and did it herself. The cameras were completely ignored. I felt we were in the place we wanted to be, both literally, the two of us in an apartment and figuratively.