Today is hiking day, I dress in my usual khaki hiking shorts, moisture wicking polo, long socks and hiking boots. My partner dresses in her t-shirt, skirt/short combo, long socks and hiking boots, nothing out of the ordinary. Wrong on that account.
Heading to the car, she asks, "Is the cooler, bug spray, and sunscreen packed and is my outfit okay?"
"Packed the cooler, brought both the sunscreen and bug spray and you look great as always. Remember your hat?"
"Yes, did you?"
"In the car. Where should eat?"
"Our favorite little place."
"Which park today?"
"Something challenging, the Cannon River Park?"
"Sure? That's a bunch of trekking on steep trails?"
"Told you I wanted a challenge. Plus, I enjoy the seclusion, and it's guaranteed you will today." she says with a grin.
"Okay, what game are you playing?"
"A little surprise, let's go eat."
We arrive at the restaurant and get seated in a corner booth. Peruse the menu, make our orders and as we wait she says, "Give me your hand."
Taking my hand, she guides it and I find out she's wearing a skirt. And no panties as my hand's guided over her bare pussy. Smiling she asks, "Surprised?"
"Yes. Also, a little shocked, isn't that skirt too short to be wearing in public?"
"Only if I bend at the waist," she giggles.
"I suggest you don't."
"Come on, quit being a prude. I guarantee an enjoying hike today. The view will be spectacular as we trek up hill."
Removing my hand and reaching over to rub the front of my shorts, "Part of you is excited."
"Behave yourself, we're in a public place."
"I know" she says with a wicked grin. I'm saved by our breakfast being brought out.
Cannot help but wonder why the skirt today, something wrong, sex life boring?
Breakfast's finished, we climb into the jeep, there's no way anyone nearby wasn't flashed. What has gotten into her today?
Trying to concentrate on driving without looking over too often at how short her skirt is and how much leg is showing. The sight is arousing, and I force myself to watch the road.
Smiling, "Enjoying the view?"
"Huh, what?"
"You've been peeking at my legs."
"They are very nice legs, not used to seeing so much of them on display."
"Now?" as the skirt's raised another inch.
"Nice, better stop there. Don't want to flash anyone."
"Who says?"
"What? Why?"
"Adding excitement, a change of pace. Problem with that?"
"No, just surprised."
"Crossed my mind a few times, too scared to try. Decided, what the hell, be fun to tease you the whole day."
"Am I not attentive enough, is something wrong sex wise?"
"Nothing is wrong, you are great. Wanted to throw you a curve, add some spontaneity. Get you out of your comfort zone."
"I'm way out. You're okay in that short a skirt and nothing on underneath?"
"Yes. I's very exciting, knowing I'm naked underneath. Knowing if I am not careful, someone may get an eyeful. Little exhibitionism, doing something risky, raising the stakes, has me excited."
"Minimal clothing, gorgeous woman, who am I to complain."
"That's the spirit."
We arrive at the park, luckily no one is around to get a show as she climbs out of the jeep. She giggles as she says, "I'm almost disappointed no one is around. Happy though, not sure I'm ready to show the world."
I laugh, "You may have already at the restaurant."
"Really?" she asks as she turns red.
"It's possible, people were around. You couldn't get in or out without exposing yourself."
Grinning she says, "Hate to say this, but the thought gets me excited."
"You are full of surprises. Ready to start, you lead."
"You just want to get a peek."
"Maybe" I say with my own grin.
She turns, flips her skirt up quickly to flash me her ass and starts to the trail.
I grab our pack, sling it over my shoulder and follow.
I catch up and grab her ass under her skirt.
She squeals and says, "Watch those hands mister."
I remove my hands, "You're the one who is barely covered, couldn't help myself."
"Couldn't you have groped me in a more secluded area?"
"I thought you wanted someone to see you?"
"The thought excites me. However, I only want you to see me, not the whole world."
I laugh as we start on the trail, I watch as her butt sways and her skirt flares. Not enough to expose anything, but it is alluring since I know she has nothing on underneath.
We reach our first climb and as we start up, she is right about the view. Since I am behind and below her, I can see up her skirt.
She looks over her shoulder and asks, "How is the view back there?"
"Very enjoyable."
Laughing she continues. We reach a flat spot and pause, as I ask, "Water?"
"Yes please."
As we drink, I ask, "Any difference being bare underneath?"
"Get an occasional breeze, also a little exciting knowing you are looking up my skirt the entire time. My pussy is currently wet."
"The rate of climb has kept me from getting to excited, been in a perpetual state of arousal, just not completely hard."
She comes over, puts her lips on mine and kisses me hard. I return the kiss, wrap my arms around her and pull her tight. We break the kiss, she peels away and laughs, "When you pulled me close, my skirt rose and my ass was on display."
"Good no one came along."
She giggles and says, "Looks like you're no longer at half-mast."
I blush, "All you're doing."
"My evil plan is working then" chuckling she turns around and starts up the next climb.
I quickly follow her, adjusting myself as I catch up. Once more getting a nice view from below and behind. She looks over her shoulder and grins, adding an extra wiggle to her walk.
We reach the summit, both a little sweaty. She turns to me, a wide grin on her face and I realize that she isn't wearing a bra. Her shirt is clinging to her from sweat, her nipples prominent.
"So, no underwear today?"
"Nope, what you see is all I am wearing."
"You are just full of surprises today."
"Yes. Any complaints?"
"Absolutely not. In fact, I'm enjoying the views immensely today."
"How about this view" she says lifting her shirt to flash her tits.
Laughing, "I like the view very much."
She lowers her shirt and giggles, "Look at my nipples now, the breeze on my sweaty body, a bit more than refreshing."
I laugh, reach up and pinch her nipples through her shirt.
"Stop that, I am excited enough without your help."
I let go, pull her close and kiss her. As I kiss her I move my hands to her ass, lift her skirt and knead her bare hands. She moans as we kiss and presses her body to mine.
We break the kiss, her nipples hard little nubs pressing against her shirt as she says, "Oh my, I am very excited, not sure who's being teased."
I laugh, take her hand and walk to the overlook. We gaze out over the river and I slide my hand down between her legs and run it over her bare pussy, she is dripping wet.
She smacks my hand away, "Stop that."
"You are dripping, not sure I have ever seen you this excited without having oral stimulation."
"I know, I am super excited."
I turn her around, kiss her hard and slide my hand down under her skirt to her pussy. I slip a finger between the folds of her lips and rub her clitoris. She moans and grinds against my finger as we kiss.
She pushes hard against my finger and moans loudly as she orgasms. I am surprised by how quickly and intensely she came. I remove my finger, she breaks the kiss and says, "Thanks, I needed that."
"My pleasure" I say with a grin.
She grabs my hand and slowly licks my finger clean. My erection twitches as she cleans my finger, not sure I've ever been this hard without any manual stimulation.
She releases my hand and asks, "Ready to continue?"
I adjust myself, she giggles, and I reply, "Ready if you are."
"I'm ready, ready for more than hiking" she says as she starts on the trail, squeezing my cock on her way by.
I recover and quickly follow. As we start climbing again, I realize that her pussy is glistening from being so excited. I chuckle to myself as my erection returns to being fully hard.
She catches me adjusting and laughs, "The view must be really good from back there."
"You have no idea" I say with a grin.
She smiles, pulls the waist of her skirt up, exposing more of her ass and pussy.
I shake my head and continue climbing after her.
We reach another stopping point, I grab a couple more waters. She doesn't lower her skirt as we drink, her pussy and ass both on display. I smile and ask, "Getting a draft?"
"Just a little breeze, helps me to cool off."
"Not helping to cool me off."
"I can see that" she says rubbing the front of my shorts.
She continues to rub as she walks over and kisses me, this time our tongues twisting together. As we kiss I feel her lower the zipper on my shorts and reach in to rub the front of my boxers. I reach around and grab her ass, kneading as she rubs.
She breaks the kiss, drops to her knees, pulls me out of my shorts and takes me into her mouth. She begins to rapidly bob up and down, taking about three quarters of me in with each stroke. I moan as she takes me deep and slowly releases me. She then stuffs me back into my shorts and asks, "Ready to continue?"
I'm still in shock and have no answer. She smiles and says, "Better close up your fly before we continue." She then starts up the next climb.
I regain my senses, get myself back into my boxers, zip up and hurry after her.
"What brought that on?"
"Just thought I'd give you a little sample of what you will be getting later" she says giggling.
She still has her skirt pulled, I can see her pussy is glistening as I follow. Soon, I am concentrating on the climb as we have reached a particularly steep portion of the trail. We crest and stop, both dripping with sweat and panting. I hand her a water and notice that her shirt is once again stuck to her body, clearly outlining her breasts and nipples.
She sees me looking and lifts her shirt, this time leaving it up as she drinks. I regain my senses over her brazen attitude and drink my own water. Her nipples harden as we drink, she finishes the water, pulls her shirt down and says, "That breeze felt great, cooled me down nicely."
"I could see" I say as I walk over and tweak her nipples before cupping her breasts and kneading them. As I kiss her she moans, pressing her body against mine. I raise her shirt and take her bare breasts in my hands, kneading them, feeling the hard nipples under my hands. I begin to twist and pull her nipples, alternating between them as I slip a finger down and insert it into her pussy.
She presses against my hand as my finger slides all the way in. I get another moan as I move in and out of her wet pussy. It, again, does not take long for her to orgasm. This time, I don't stop, I insert a second finger and pump faster, bringing her another orgasm. I then pull my fingers out, release her nipples and kiss her hard.
I break the kiss and ask, "Ready for the trek down?"
"No. I need a minute to gather myself."
She pulls her shirt down, adjusts her skirt, calming down gradually. I drink some more water and watch as she gets control of her body. My erection is almost painful as it strains against my shorts, I adjust to a more comfortable position.
She sees me adjust, "Glad I am not the only one worked up."
"I don't know what your intent for today is, was. But, I am enjoying this hike more than any other we have done."
"I'm not sure what my intent was either. Probably not this, but I am having fun, really enjoying, in more ways than one."
I laugh, "Ready?"
"Not yet" she says as she walks over, kneels in front of me, unzips my shorts and pulls me out. Quickly taking my hardness into her mouth. She bobs up and down, taking as much as she can. Adding her hand this time, she is stroking and sucking hard. No way I am going to be able to hold back if she doesn't stop.
"If you don't stop, I'm going to cum right here."
She removes her mouth from my cock, still stroking with her hand, says, "Please do." Before I can respond, she takes me back into her mouth. Bobbing, sucking and stroking faster, my own release coming quickly.
She senses my impending orgasm and takes my cock deeper, I can't hold back and start flooding her mouth. She swallows quickly and slowly releases my cock, taking all of my cum, not spilling a drop. I am overwhelmed, that was a very intense orgasm.
"Wow, you were excited. There was a lot of you and it didn't take too long" she says with a big grin.
As I tuck myself away, "I was excited, don't know if it was from your teasing, the situation or both. You do realize someone could have come along."
"Did you care?"
"At the moment, no. There was no way I was stopping you."
"No way I was going to stop. Ready to trek down?"
"My turn to regain my senses" I say laughing.
She joins me laughing as we get ourselves straightened out and start back down.
The trek down is much less strenuous, she spends the time flashing me her breasts and pussy. Stopping to turn around and flash me, or bending over to 'adjust a shoelace', flashing me her ass and pussy.
We are about half way down, stop to drink. She comes over and presses her body against mine, kissing me hard. She's grinding her pelvic against me as our tongues tangle. She releases the kiss and says, "I hope you aren't drained, I still need you to fuck me."
With that she turns, flashes me her ass and starts down again.
We reach the next landing and I push her against the overlook wall and kiss her hard, my hands on her breasts, kneading both. I feel the nipples harden, as our tongues intertwine I raise her shirt and start twisting and pulling her nipples.
I release the kiss, move my head down and take a nipple into my mouth. She moans as I suck and flick her nipple. I move to the other nipple and make it as hard as her twin. I release her nipples, lift her up on the wall, spread her legs and before she can react, run my tongue the length of her pussy.
She grabs my head as I press my tongue against her stiff clitoris, licking hard. She is soon grinding against my tongue as I insert a finger into her, causing her to orgasm. I add a finger and fuck her pussy hard as I flick her clitoris with my tongue. I keep this up until she bucks against me and I feel her pussy spasm on my fingers. She moans loudly as she orgasms.
She releases my head, I pull out my fingers, give her pussy one last lick and stand up. What a sight, her shirt pulled up, breasts exposed. Legs spread, skirt up, dripping pussy on full display. My cock twitches at the site.
As she is regaining her senses a couple walks past, fully exposed they look. I hear them chuckling as they continue up the hill. She stands up, adjusts her clothes and notices the people going up the trail. She turns red and asks, "How much did they see?"
"Not sure, most of you, prior to that I don't know. Do you care?"
"Embarrassed a little, but also a little excited they may have seen us, me."
"It excites me a little, too, that they may have seen us."
"Wow, this has been an enlightening day. Shall we continue."
"With our walk or something else" I say grinning.
"Is that a proposition?"
"Could be?"
"Maybe we should find a more secluded spot, not right here on the path."
"Agreed, I remember a spot we passed coming up, not far from here."
"Let's go" she says, pulling me along.
We soon reach the spot I was speaking about, barely a trail off the main. It leads back to some old structures, no one goes there anymore. It's not maintained, not part of the park's main attractions.
We reach a low wall, I press her against it and kiss her hard. She fumbles with my shorts and finally gets them undone. They slip to my ankles, followed shortly by my boxers. She turns around, pulls up her skirt, looks over her shoulder and smiles.
I plunge my cock into her waiting pussy, burying myself deep. I quickly begin pushing in and out, knowing this will not take long, our excitement level heightened by the thrill of being outdoors and possibly getting caught. She pushes back against me as she spasms on my cock, orgasming.
She reaches between her legs, starts rubbing her clitoris as I pound harder. Knowing I am close she is trying to cum again with me, rubbing her clit hard and fast. My own orgasm hits and I push deep, pouring myself into her. She rubs hard and orgasms, spasming on my cock, pulling more cum from me.
We quickly regain our senses and I pull out of her. We fix our clothing, have a drink and catch our breath. She smiles and says, "That was exciting. Only problem is I now have cum dripping down my legs."
I laugh, "Didn't think that out properly. I think we have a towel in the jeep."
"I hope so, or it's going to be a sticky ride home."
We laugh, heading down the trail to the jeep. I find we have a couple of towels. She uses one to wipe as much as she can. She then removes her skirt, wraps the other towel around her and climbs into the jeep, flashing a little.
I look at her questioningly. "My skirt had cum all over it, didn't want to sit in it on the ride home. Besides, I can do some flashing" she says as she opens the towel and closes it quickly.
I chuckle, "Going to be an interesting ride home."