We decided to go to IKEA and do a little flashing since we'd heard it was a large store. What we didn't expect was it to be so packed when we went. However it did make for a lot of fun too!
We started off the day at a shopping centre and trying on a few outfits. Haley wore a very short summer dress, no bra and just her sexy panties. Her shoes weren't heels but almost looked like it which made her outfit that little bit more slutty, especially considering it was a colder day outside and not warm enough for the short dress she had on.
As usual I joined Haley in the change rooms. We hadn't had any time alone for the week so when she was topless and left only in these sexy new see through panties, I was instantly hard. I started kissing her and had to really try hard to not lose control and take her right then and there.
We left and went to IKEA. We went to the underground parking and quickly found parking. As it turned out the spot was right next to a large structural pole. There was also a car on either side to ours. This was an advantage as it shielded us from the cars behind us that kept entering, but was exposed enough to possibly give people a show. I took the opportunity to take a few risky pictures in the parking lot. First I had Haley flash me her boobs which wasn't a problem because she had her back to the cars. However next, I wanted her to lean on the pole and bend flashing her ass. This would be more obvious as she would be arching her back and would have to pull up her dress. Being the exhibitionist she is she waited a few moments before I convinced her to just go ahead and do it without worrying about the cars. She turned around, lifted up her dress to expose her juicy butt, put both hands on the pole, arched her back and bent her knees slightly giving the effect that I love. Her new panties were so sexy, see-through but not a thong, yet showed off enough to get me hard.
Anyway we got to flashing as soon as we were inside. There were a lot of risky moments. Sometimes she'd be flashing her boobs in those mini-houses with people in the room next to us, or flashing out on the floor at one corner with people right behind her unaware she's flashing. There were countless moments when she'd have her tits out with men and women behind her chatting away deciding on what to buy.
We found the business section and there was a very stylish board room. It was at one end and considering most people didn't need business furniture, we thought this was the best place to have some fun. She used one of the board room chairs as leverage and stuck her ass out. The doors into the room were in front of her so while no one would have seen her, I was sitting behind her with my phone pointed at her beautiful booty so there would have been no hiding if people came by. I loved the way her boobs looked and couldn't help squeezing her cheeks and giving them a few playful spanks. I wanted her to know how horny I was and how sexy she looked!
Next she took a seat across the take from me and flashed me her boobs. We decided to be a bit riskier and I had her stand with the doorway behind her back. She flashed her boobs and now I could see the customers in other areas of the store in the picture as well. Deciding I wanted a risky picture of her ass we moved one of the board room chairs in front of the doorway. She knelt on the chair and now was facing the shoppers. She lifted up her dress and I snapped away, making sure I was getting the people in the background. Damn her ass looked good!
We finished off by getting a few shots of her on a stool. I sat behind her and she sat on the edge of the seat, her booty hanging off the seat. There were people constantly in front of her ad walking by but she was seated in a kitchen like area so she was covered. While people at the front couldn't see, a lot of people did come to the sides and there were a lot of very close calls.
After getting the pictures we wanted we went to get some food. There was a long line and as we waited I had my hands under her dress and teased her pussy. I also couldn't help but grab her ass ad give it a few gently yet firm squeezes. There was a young couple right in front of us but they didn't notice.
After leaving IKEA we went down the road and parked near a bike path. It was a nice area although it was a chilly and not the most appropriate weather for such a summer dress. Never the less I had Haley take a seat near this group of three women chatting away. There were cyclists and people walking by but we managed to get a few seconds where no one was passing by. Haley immediately flashed her tits and I managed to get a few shots with the group of girls in the background before someone came into view and we decided to call it a day.