Authors note:
Well this was actually quite hard to write as in a way it really happened. There are many regrets here and some real issues.
Though it's natural to enjoy the sex.
So please comment and let me know how I've done.
*****
Seduction?
Felicity looked out of her window, it was a cold day and the rain pelted against the glass, blurring the view of the streets.
Everything looked wet and shiny.
Cars splashed by, kicking up streams of water as they passed.
She shivered, not because she was cold, but because she knew she would have to go out into that miserable weather.
She didn't fancy her chances of getting to the studio without getting soaked. Even with a raincoat and umbrella, she was bound to get wet.
The rain came in waves, blown sideways by the strong winds of the early autumn storm.
Felicity shook her head in annoyance, she wished she hadn't promised to pose for the club today. It wasn't as if they paid much for her time.
Picking up her phone she dialled Nathen, he answered almost immediately.
"Hello?"
"Hi Nathen, I was wondering if the weather had changed your plans?" she asked hopefully.
"Oh, hi Flick, no, the club is still meeting, though it will only be four of us." He answered cheerfully, "You ARE still coming?" he continued with what sounded like a hint of worry that she would let them down.
Inwardly she swore to herself 'FUCK', "Yeah, I'll be there. I promised I would." She said with false cheer.
Nathen sounded pleased, "Great, I knew we could count on you. See you soon."
"In a bit." She said before hanging up and swearing to herself again.
Nathen was a good friend and had helped her out a lot when she had moved here, she had started modelling for his amateur photography club last year when one of the other models had quit.
It was all very tame and easy, in fact she usually enjoyed it and it had expanded her social circle. She just didn't fancy going out today.
Every now and then, Felicity wanted to stay at home and do nothing, this was one of those days. No great drama, just a selfish desire to be alone.
She had a good book on the go and would have dearly loved to finish it today.
Still, she had made a promise and was the kind of person who hated letting people down.
With a sigh, she took one last look out of the window before going to get herself dressed and ready for the boys at the club.
******
Felicity or 'Flick' as most people called her, was quite pretty, she wasn't overly confident in her appearance, but she knew that people often liked what they saw.
She was fairly short, only five foot two inches in height. Slim but not skinny, a small waist and hips allowed her to wear most tight skirts or jeans with confidence that her bum wasn't going to look fat.
Up top was a different story, she had unusually large breasts for her size. Her DD tits were a constant pain and she disliked being so busty. It's difficult to make an outfit look decent when your boobs are that big.
Nice bra's in her size were hard to find and expensive, most of the shops didn't make pretty lacy bra's in her size that offered support AND cuteness. While tops often made her cleavage obscene.
She did have a pleasant face, large bluish green eyes, pretty bow shaped lips and a straight nose. She did have to wear glasses though and that took away from her attractive face, or that's how she felt anyway.
Her hair was her favourite thing about her, it was a light reddish blonde, not quite ginger or red, more like a light gold with a rose tint. It hung straight and long before ending in slightly wavy curls near the bottom.
She had let it grow all her life, only trimming it a little so that at the age of twenty three it now went well past her bum and touched the back of her thighs.
It was incredibly heavy, yet it's weight offset the weight of her boobs at the front, in a way balancing her out.
Usually she wore it in a long single braid down her back or done to one side so that it hung over her shoulder and over her right breast.
Today she wore it up, so that it's mass and length was piled atop her head with an artful bit left dangling down the back of her head to brush her shoulder blades.
She had already been informed by Nathen they were going for a classical look in today's shoot, so she wore a full length dress that flowed over her small body in folds and wispy pleats, creating an almost ancient Greek look.
It was fairly low cut at the top, exposing her boobs in a way that left two globes of soft flesh on display, her pink nipples only a couple of inches from being shown.
Apart from the time she had posed in a bikini, this was probably the sexiest she had looked for the club.
The floaty light weight material was like gossamer along her legs and she could discern the shape of them through the material with ease, even her white thong was partially visible along with the expensive half cup bra she wore.
She smiled at her reflection, pleased with the look. It was pretty an a little bit sexy, yet not sluttish or tarty.
Yes she was showing a lot of boobage, but it went with the outfit in a way that was more innocently flirtatious than anything else.
Felicity had to admit that now she was all dressed up for the shoot she was almost looking forward to it.
She put the four inched heel strappy sandals into a bag and pulled on her brown leather boots. It wouldn't do to get her white shoes mucky on the way to the club.
It was still poring with rain, she pulled on the long trench coat and buttoned it up before doing up the belt.
As she stepped out of her flat she raised her brolly and set off at a brisk pace for the bus stop.
*******
As she had feared the rain coat and brolly were defeated by the lashing rain was the wind made it slash in at a sharp angle.
By the time she reached Nathen's studio she was soaked through and had to take twenty minutes to dry off.
Nathen didn't mind as she had arrived early and even if she had been late he wouldn't have said anything. He was well aware that Flick did this as a favour more than anything else.
He was twice her age, at Forty Six, he had made his fortune already and now had time to indulge his hobbies. Namely polishing up his photography skills.
Nathen had meet Flick through a friend of a friend, she had just moved into town and since he had little to do had helped her out.
They had grown close, nothing romantic, just as friends.
Two years later he had asked her to pose for him and his club, he had been pleasantly surprised at how well she took to it.
Her poses were great and she rarely balked at being asked to pose in what he thought were a slightly risqué way. Not that he had ever asked her to pose nude, though he HAD kept the shots of her in a bikini.
Felicity was that great combination of sexy and innocent. Her poses reflected that and Nathen loved that she always made her appointments.
The club would have been disbanded if she hadn't said yes. It's other members all past the point of gathering to take pictures of still life arrangements or country side walks without a model.
******
Flick checked herself in the full length mirror. She wasn't perfectly happy, the dress had gotten damp and was a tad more transparent than she would have liked.
It still looked classical, but to her dismay it now clung to her body and showed more than just a hint of her thong and bra.
In hind sight she would have been better off packing the dress and wearing something else to travel in.
She was a little annoyed with herself for not thinking things through properly as she put on her high heeled sandals and wound the straps up her legs, tying them off just below each of her knees.
With a sigh and a final glance at her reflection she walked out into the studio where the guys were waiting.
Nathen beamed at her happily, "You look FANTASTIC." He enthused as he guided her in front of the waiting cameras and onto a small platform with a fake roman column next to it and a vase of flowers.
"How do you want me?" she asked.
Nathen and the three other men had a quick discussion, "Just lean on the pillar, face us and we will go from there." Said Terry once they had all agreed.
Alex moved a little closer as he focused his lens. While Terry snapped a few shots off of her as she lent on the fake column.
Nathen, Alex, Terry and William took turns directing her poses and the cameras flashed away, occasionally they would adjust their settings and the light reflectors around the room.
*****
Felicity reclined on the studio floor and pretended to eat grapes as they took a few more pictures.
It was William who called a halt.
"Guys, sorry, this isn't working for me." He said in a miffed tone.
Nathen looked over at Flick and said, "Grab a coffee Flick."
She nodded and stood up, they often argued about shoots and was used to leaving them to it while they did.
The coffee was welcome and she flicked through her messages as she waited, not listening to their conversation as she then checked her emails and Facebook status.
She shot off a few quick replies to questions from her friends and sipped her coffee as Nathen talked with the few members of the club.
"OKAY...I'll ASK." Shouted Nathen in a resigned tone.
His shout made her look at them and she saw a nervous looking Nathen walking towards her.
She cocked her head quizzically as he approached, he looked nervous and out of his comfort zone. "What's gotten him into such a tizz?" she wondered.
Nathen mumbled an apology first. "I'm sorry Flick...I know this Might annoy you, but I said I would ask."
His eyes looked guilty as he wrung his hands.
Felicity got a bad feeling and glanced at the rest of the men.
"Okay, erm...so ask." She said with a hint of trepidation.
She was worried for Nathen, he looked almost scared. He was one of her best friends and whatever it was she was concerned for him.
Stammering a little he explained that the 'group' had a problem with the way that her dress looked, "You see, it's the modern looking underwear...IN EVERY picture we see it and it's ...well it's...erm that is to say." He gulped.
"Spoiling the pictures." He gulped again, "soooooo...we were hoping you might, just maybe, consider removing them and your glasses to pose in JUST the dress?"
Felicity nodded as she thought about it and looked down at her gossamer dress.
She knew that taking off her underwear would show a lot more than she had ever displayed before.
Her gazed travelled to William, she remembered all too well how close to her crotch he had gotten when she had posed in the bikini.
"Nathen, I don't know, that's a bit much." She said.
He nodded, "I know, but it is just for us, the pictures won't be seen by anyone else and it REALLY would improve them." He semi argued in justification.
She understood then that he was in agreement with the group, Nathen her trusted friend also thought that the photo's would be better if she agreed.
Felicity sighed, "FINE, but you keep William well back. I don't trust him like I do you."
Nathen nodded, his head bobbing up and down like a marionet.
"Yes, Yes, I'll make sure of it...THANKYOU." he garbled as he turned and rushed back to the impatiently waiting group of men.
*****
Felicity went into the changing room and stripped off, removing her bra and knickers before getting back into the fairly transparent dress again.
She walked back into the studio looking at the floor, for some reason she didn't want to look at them just yet.
She trembled slightly as she took her pose again, once more picking up the grapes and pretending to eat them as she reclined on the floor.
Alex took the first picture, quickly followed by numerous flashes that meant everyone was busy taking photos.
"Could you turn towards us and hold the grapes higher please." said Terry.
Flick turned as asked and now she was fully facing them she watched as they took up their camera's and refocused on her new pose.
Even without her glasses she could still read their expressions.
There were no lustful looks or perverted smiles. She started to relax a little as they all acted professionally and she found herself moving from pose to pose without too much worry.
At one point Alex moved forward and showed her the pictures he had taken, flicking through the images on his digital camera's display.
Felicity liked what she saw, Alex had done a good job of using the lighting to capture her. She smiled her thanks and went back to posing with more confidence as they asked her to change position numerous times.
Normally she would only pose for an hour, but today they kept going until Nathen called a halt. She had been working for nearly two hours by then and was feeling a bit tired.
It took a lot out of her to maintain the various positions they asked of her. Modelling was actually quite hard work.
Nathen and the rest of them uploaded their pictures onto the large screen. Normally this was her que to go get changed, but she wanted to see what they had done.
She headed over to Nathen, "Can I see?" she asked. More than a little curious about what they had done with her poses.
As she put her glasses back on so that she could see properly.
Nathen nodded and grinned happily, "Oh yes, these are really excellent." He said as he pulled up the images he had taken, flicking past the earlier ones and showing her and the rest of them the ones he liked best.
She was pleasantly surprised at what he had done. Showing a great deal of talent he had utilised the lighting to show off her body and dress in an almost demure way.
Her nipples and triangle of pubic hair were hardly visible. The understated camera work was beautiful and she loved the way he had managed to make her look.
Alex went next.
His pictures were a little more bold but still very nice. Like Nathen, he had tried to capture the classical ideal and had created several lovely photos that Felicity wouldn't have minded if others saw.
William uploaded his pictures and once again she was initially surprised and pleased, however he had also made a point of emphasising her nudity underneath the gossamer dress. His pictures fully displayed her areola, nipples and pubes.
Somehow they were still good pictures, he had a talent but not in a demure or innocent way, his pictures were more provocative and sexy.
Felicity was glad that no one else would see them, even while at the same time admitting that he had made her look incredibly sexy and pretty.
Terry went last, pulling up some very moody looking images that he had taken without a flash.
She liked his best of all, they were warm and hinted at sexuality while making her look totally innocent. Nothing of her nipples or vagina was captured, mere hints was all his pictures showed and she asked if he would let her keep a copy.
Terry was more than happy to oblige, handing her his memory card, "you can have them, I'm just glad you liked what I did." He said happily.
Flick thanked him with a hug, momentarily forgetting that her 'dress' was basically see through.
Terry blushed and looked away. His actions reminding her that she was swanning about in near nudity.
It was her turn to blush as she excused herself and scurried into the changing room to put on her underwear and coat. Her large breasts bounced and jiggled as she walked at a quick pace.
*****
The rain had increased in tempo and the wind was whistling and howling through the trees and down the street as she stepped out. The trees lashed back and forth, shedding wet leaves that the wind sent tumbling through the air in twirling insane patterns.
Felicity hunched over slightly and struggled to hold her brolly as she walked down the street towards her bus stop.
Terry chased after her while holding his bulky camera case in one hand and clutching his coat closed at the neck.
"FLICK." He shouted to be heard above the wind as he got close.
Felicity turned and gave him a smile, "Hi Terry?" she said with a questioning tone. Wondering why he had run after her and hoping he didn't want his pictures back.
"Let me give you a ride home." He panted slightly from his short run, "This is no weather for you to be walking in." he pointed to his car. Parked a few steps away.
Felicity didn't argue, just nodded in grateful relief, "Thanks Terry, that would be so nice of you."
Terry opened up her door for her and then went to the boot of the car and quickly stowed his Camera case before getting in on the driver's side with a "Phew, it's crazy today." Offering her a smile as he started the engine.
Felicity smiled back as he pulled out into the rain slicked street and drove slowly through town. He was a good and cautious driver, taking his time without dallying.
"I wanted to ask how you felt about today?" he asked by way of a conversation starter.
Like Nathen, Terry had become a friend, not quite as close as Nathen was, but they had met socially a few times and she liked the handsome married man in his early thirties.
"It was something a bit different, I felt very nervous at first." She admitted as they turned onto the main road towards her side of town.
Terry nodded, "Err, yes that's understandable." He answered as he mentally returned to the image of her posing and showing almost everything. He vividly remembered how hard he had got as he watched her move and how lovely her massive breasts had looked with their pink nipples.
"But you looked like you were relaxing after a bit." He ventured.
"Yeah, I realised you guys were just trying to get the right picture and you all seemed to be acting professional." She replied with a shrug.
Terry flashed her a smile as he glanced at her. "you were great, I've never done any erotica photography before."
"Was it erotica?" she asked, surprised that he had used that word to describe it and wondering if he had found it erotic.
"Well, NO, I guess it was more Glamour, but since I have no reference point, I'm a bit stumped as how to describe it." He lied.
As far as he and the others were concerned it had been highly erotic, if she had been wearing her glasses she would have noticed the bulges in their pants as they took her picture.
It didn't take long to get to her flat and being a nice person, she offered him a coffee and towel to dry off a bit before heading home.
Terry accepted her kindness and followed her inside.
"So glad to get home." She sighed as she put on the kettle and then unzipped her boots and kicked them off into the corner of the kitchen.
"towels are in the bathroom, help yourself." She said as she pulled out two cups from the cupboard.
"Thanks Flick." He replied as he went and grabbed a towel and proceeded to dry his hair with it.
She giggled when she turned around holding two steaming cups of coffee, Terry's normally neat hair was a mess and he looked quite funny.
He accepted his coffee and sat down as she placed hers on the table and moved past him towards her bedroom. "I'll be right back, turn on the telly if you want."
In her room she took off her coat and dress in quick efficient motions, she pulled the pins out of her hair and shook it out, letting it cascade down her back before quickly running a brush through it.
Once done she picked up a long T-Shirt type dress made from warm thick cotton and pulled it on over her bra and knickers. It's hem going well past her bum to just above her knees.
It wasn't a sexy or pretty dress, just something comfortable that was warm and handy.
She padded barefoot back into her small living room where Terry was running through the TV channels.
They soon settled into a pleasant conversation about the day and how well her poses had gone over, he made a point of complimenting her and saying how very professional she had looked and conducted herself.
Felicity wasn't immune to flattery, in fact she was highly susceptible to it.
So when he got around to the subject of her posing just for him she was happy to consider it.
He was charming and suave, he knew she was hesitant to pose naked so had pitched the concept of using her hair as the main feature, saying how he envisioned her nudity covered by her lustrous long tresses and that at no point would the pictures be indecent.
To prove his point he asked her to turn on her computer and pull up the files of his earlier pictures.
Felicity was already half way convinced, when she looked at the images he had created, once more she was struck by how demure he had made her look and that he had artfully used the shadows and light to minimise the sight of her pubic hair and breasts.
Still, aside from boyfriends, she had never been naked in front of anyone.
"Can't I wear a thong or something?" she asked already having agreed to the concept to some degree.
"I guess you could to start with, though I don't think the photo's would be as good and perhaps once you see what I'm doing you might consider taking it off?" he said by way of getting her to go along, fairly sure she would fully strip once he had her relaxed and more confident.
"erm, Okay...I think I can do that." She finally agreed. "when and where?"
"how about here and now?" he said with a smooth smile, "I have a reflector and lamps in my car, we can set up right here."
"OHH." Her face was a picture of surprise and sudden uncertainty.
"Its private, you'll be at home and if you don't like the first few pictures we can stop and you will already be at home." He said with an easy and confident tone. Pitched with just a hint of authority.
Felicity chewed her lower lip and nodded, "I guess so." She said a little nervously.
Terry nodded happily, "why don't you go get ready, find a thong you like and brush out your hair some more. I'll go get the gear from my car."
She had already agreed to the idea and didn't want to look like an idiot. So with a nod she headed for her bedroom as he walked out to his car. What she didn't see was the dirty smile he had on his face as he left.
*******
It was getting dark outside by the time she was done, Felicity wore a small black G-string. Thinking that because it left her buttocks bare and only just covered her tiny neatly trimmed pubic hair, he wouldn't ask her to remove it.
She peeked into the living room where Terry was busy setting up. He already had two powerful lamps working and the reflector positioned on the floor.
"Terry?" she said nervously as she hid her body behind the door.
"Almost ready." He answered and glanced over at her, "let's take a look at you." He said in a professional sounding manner.
Felicity held her hands over her bare breasts, they were large and she only covered them partially with her small delicate hands as she stepped out.
"This okay?" she asked while butterflies did loop the loops in her tummy.
Terry deliberately only glanced at her as her fiddled with one of his three camera's. "Yeah, but wear a nice pair of heels too." He said casually as if she wasn't naked.
His casual attitude and the lack of staring made her feel a bit more confident that this was just another type of modelling. "Okay." She replied and went to her shoe rack and picked out the pink high heels that she had bought but never had occasion to wear.
Once more she stepped out, hands over her generous breasts. "How's this?" her voice trembled slightly from nerves and she wished she was a more confident person.
He smiled, taking in her four inch heels and the way she shyly tried to cover her tits. "Perfect. Stand here with your back to me." He said as he pointed to a spot in front of her sofa.
Felicity shuffled forward and did as directed, immediately she felt a little better. With her back to him and her long hair covering most of her bum and upper thighs she knew he wasn't seeing much.
"Great, now just relax, shake your hands out and just let me take a few quick test shots."
She did as asked, hearing the camera click as she shook her hands out to the sides and clicked her neck from side to side in an effort to relax.
Terry handed her one of her own towels from the bathroom.
"here, take a look at the test shots." He told her as she held the towel over her naked tits and bent to look at the few quick pictures he had taken.
They were good. Her hair looked incredibly shiny and with the lights focused on it her obviously bare body looked nice yet understated.
"Oh wow." She exclaimed happily.
Terry laughed, "test shots, wait till you see what I can do when we adjust the lighting and you take off that G-string."
Felicity was happy with what he had done, yet the suggestion she take off her panties straight away hit her like a slap.
"What now?"
"yes now, look..." he pointed at the test shots, "you can clearly see it." He said by way of argument.
"I'm NOT a perve Flick. I just want the best picture I can get." He lied to her face.
"Is Lydia going to see these?" she asked. Knowing that Terry's wife Lydia would have a few choice words for her if she thought Flick was doing anything sexual with her husband.
Flick had met Lydia several times, she was an attractive woman who was possessive of her husband.
Terry shrugged, "I don't see why not, she will approve, this is ART and it's not like you will actually be showing anything." He lied his ass off as convincingly as he could.
"Terry...if you ...you know. DO take a picture of my bits by accident." She said
He rushed to reassure her, "absolutely not going to happen, if I do I'll tell you, show you AND delete it."
"well Okay then." She said softly as she turned away from him and slid off her G-string.
Felicity wasn't one hundred percent sure she trusted him, there was something about the way he was being so nice and smooth.
Still she had no real reason to think he would abuse her trust and since she was confident that Lydia would kill him if he went too far she dropped them to one side and resumed her pose.
Terry clicked away for a bit and then changed the lighting.
"Try waving your head, make your hair sway." He said at one point.
The reflector, lamps and her own lights were changed out several times.
Dimming or full on, depending on what he was going for.
Felicity went into an almost zombie state, moving as directed, her long hair was her shield and she posed for nearly an hour.
He switched out camera's constantly. "bend over." Then "Hands over your head."
He rarely used the flash. "show me your legs." ..."keep your back straight."
She went with it and lost herself in the work.
They took a break and he handed her the towel again. Uploaded one of his memory sticks to her computer. "take a look." He said as he went to the bathroom.
Flick put on her glasses and went through the images.
He had emphasised her hair, capturing it wonderfully and her naked body was displayed in a slightly sexy way but not overly so.
No views of her vagina or nipples were evident and she smiled.
These were fab pictures and she felt happy that she had posed for them.
*****
In the bathroom Terry took a quick look at the few pictures he had uploaded to his cloud account. Using his phone he stared at the images of Felicity stark naked with her bum and pussy lips clearly displayed.
She had thought her hair was in the way. But with a few words he had made her flick it from her bum and then turn around.
His main camera had clicked away and caught not only her bare cunt but also a perfect full frontal of her large tits and pussy as she had changed position.
Terry grinned as he stroked his cock through his pants and wondered if he could get an even dirtier picture of the young girl.
*******
Felicity sat with her legs crossed and holding the towel over her tits as he came back.
"those are really good Terry." She said when he entered.
He nodded. "Yeah, I'm pleased with most of them. Though I'm hoping you will be okay with doing another set?"
She smiled happily, "Yeah sure." She pointed to the picture still on screen. "As long as they are like this."
He sighed almost regretfully and waved at the laptop, "that's nothing, I can do better if you will trust me." He said.
She bit her lower lip and looked at his earnest and honest looking face, "what do you mean?"
Acting a bit morose, he sat next to her and took her hand. "Flick, you are amazingly beautiful. If I had the time, I could show you the most intimate and perfect picture that would capture that."
She latched onto the word 'intimate'.
His hand felt warm and nice, she had often thought about how very good looking he was, but denied and squashed those thought because he was married to Lydia.
"Terry...I don't think I could pose for 'INTIMATE' pictures." She said as her tummy flipped over at the thought of him kissing her.
He was so very close, even if he was older than her, she felt attracted to him.
She was increasingly aware of her nakedness as he squeezed her hand gently.
"I merely meant a picture that captures the real YOU." He said softly as she nervously looked him in the eyes.
He knew right then he could push forward and kiss her. He doubted that she would resist.
She gazed into his eyes and gulped. So close.
He was so very close and she had fancied him for nearly a year.
She knew it was wrong, she knew and liked Lydia.
Still she moved closer and her lips brushed his in a chaste kiss.
He needed no second invitation. Pulling her into his arms and kissing her deeply.
Her head swam as his lips crushed against hers and she found herself falling backwards on the sofa as he kissed her passionately and discarded her towel.
Willingly she let him part her legs and she helped him undo his belt with heated and lustful gasps.
He was rock hard and his tip parted her labia with ease, her wet and expectant hole welcomed him inside her as he pushed forward.
Felicity moaned in pleasure as she felt him fill her. She ignored her feeling of guilt as he fucked her into the sofa with hard thrusts.
Bucking her hips up to meet each of his thrusts she felt herself go blank with ecstasy. It had been over six months since she had had a boyfriend, so she was needy an lustful as they did t.
She didn't care anymore that he was married, didn't care that it was so very wrong or that it was probably the only time they would fuck.
His rampantly hard cock smashed into her in the most delicious way and she squealed out her pleasure as her nails scratched his back and her head lolled back.
"YES, OH YES." She shouted as he fucked her into oblivion.
His mouth sucked and bit her large tits, his hands gripped her hips tightly and his fingers would leave bruises on them.
He ground into her as she climaxed and he grunted as he pounded in and out of her as she rode her ecstasy.
Terry didn't know if she was on the pill, he pulled out as he began to spurt and sprayed his cum over her tummy.
He hadn't meant to go this far.
He sighed as he kissed her neck and she stroked his spine.
She was glad he hadn't cum inside her. After dumping her ex, she had stopped taking the pill.
They lay there for a moment before he stood up and pulled up his trousers.
"I'm sorry." She said guiltily.
He nodded with a frown. "Flick, this never happened." He panted out, "Lydia can't know."
Feeling incredibly guilty and ashamed for what she had just done she let out a sob and fled to her bedroom.
*****
Terry shook his head as he packed away his gear, 'what a slut' he thought to himself with a wicked grin.
He knocked on her bedroom door. "I'm leaving. Are you okay?" His voice deliberately sounding as if he cared.
Felicity stared at her closed door. "I'm OKAY, BYE." She said loudly as she wished she could take back what they had just done.
She listened intently to the sounds of him leaving.
When she heard her flat door close she let out a sigh and collapsed backwards onto her bed.
"You stupid, stupid girl." She said out loud to herself.