Rooms For Rent -- Pt 3
© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.
This is a work of fiction. All characters depicted are 18 years and over.
After the fall semester finals Dan let Sherrie and Craig know he would be moving out at the end of the year. He and Karen would be getting a place of their own so they could be together. Dan told them he thought he had finally found the girl he truly wanted. Sherrie and Craig could see the love blossoming between the two of them and were happy for them.
Craig created a new notice to be posted on the student union bulletin board. They posted it the next day and hoped that they would get some inquires before all the students left for the holidays.
==========
Jennifer was very happy, her finals were over and she believed she did well on them. Right now she was just lounging, no books to study, no classes to attend, no homework or papers to write, just free time on her hands. The Student Union was not crowded at all, a lot of the students had left for home for the holidays already. It was almost quiet and peaceful. The chair was so comfortable that she had a hard time keeping her eyes open.
She was a very pretty girl with dark red hair, a sprinkling of freckles across her pert nose and under her steel Grey eyes, and a smile that could melt butter. She did not think of herself as beautiful but she was. Her legs were long and very shapely, her hips were just right containing a heart shaped ass, her waist created great curves to her body, and her 34C breasts stood high with no drooping and nipples that were perpetually swollen and hard. She was beautiful by anyone's standard.
It had been a good first semester for her. She had great teachers and engaging courses, she had made a few good friends, and had been on a few dates sometimes having pretty good sex on them. Dorm life had been pretty good, her roommate had been the quiet kind which was helpful, and it had not been all that noisy on her floor. But she longed for a little more privacy, both for her own benefit and so she could bring a boy back to her room anytime she wanted. She had to admit that she needed more sex in her life, it seemed to relieve the stress of school and give her the recharge she needed to do well in her classes. She decided to look at the bulletin board to see if there were and notices posted about rooms to rent.
The board was down the hall and there were actually three of them. She searched all of them for rooms for rent but only one stood out. It was for a single room with a shared bath three blocks from the campus. She took a photo of the notice with her phone and then dialed the number.
"Hello, this is Sherrie."
"Hi, my name is Jennifer and I am interested in the room you have for rent."
Sherrie gave her the information and price for the room. She also told her she would be sharing the bathroom with a boy and that the bathroom had two doors and was what was known as a 'Jack 'n Jill' setup. Jennifer was okay with that setup as long as both doors could be locked. They talked price and she was agreeable.
"When can I see the room?"
"There is a tenant in the room currently but he is away for the Christmas holiday. So if you don't mind seeing his stuff you can look at it today."
"Great. Give me twenty minutes and I will be there."
Sherrie gave her the address and they both said goodbye.
The day was cool and somewhat of a breeze was putting a real chill in the air. Jennifer had her coat with her so walking there was no problem. She found the house easily and rang the front doorbell. When the door opened she was surprised to see a male.
"Hi, I'm Craig. You must be Jennifer. Sherrie will be here in a moment."
They shook hands.
"Do you live here?" she asked.
"Yes, Sherrie and I manage the house together. Ah, here she comes."
Sherrie appeared from deeper in the house.
"Hello, I'm Sherrie. I see you've met Craig. Come and lets sit for a few minutes in the living room."
Sherrie and Craig led her into the living room and had her sit in a chair while they took the love seat. Jennifer liked what she had seen of the house. It was roomy and nice with a lot of places to sit. And she liked Sherrie and Craig right away. They seemed friendly and open.
Sherrie explained how the house worked, how many were living there, and what was expected of her. Jennifer had no problems with the house rules, they were not rigid at all and left enough room for everyone to get along. After discussing the setup Sherrie and Craig took her up to Dan's room.
Luckily Dan kept the room pretty clean so it was easy to show it. The bed was even made. Sherrie showed her the bathroom which was also pretty clean. Robert, who had the room next door, had left already for the holidays but Vanessa and Amelia were still there so she introduced them to Jennifer. After meeting them Sherrie and Craig took Jennifer back downstairs and to the breakfast nook.
Sherrie presented the rental agreement as well as the security document. The price was agreeable and Jennifer wrote a check to cover the first month's rent and the security deposit. Jennifer explained that Dan would be moving out between Christmas and New Years and as soon as he was out and they could clean the room, they would call her and she would be free to move in. They all shook hands and Jennifer left.
As she walked back to her dorm she was walking on air. This was exactly what she was looking for. She was so excited to have a room of her own even if she had to share a bathroom with a male next door. After all, she was not shy at all. And she liked everyone she met at the house. She was so lost in thought that she did not notice Roderick pass in her.
"Hi, Jennifer!" he said.
"Hi, Rod. What's up?" she asked.
"Nothing much. I just finished my last final and was heading to dinner. Care to join me?"
"I'd love to."
She joined him and they walked to the restaurant. Rod was a good friend and had been in her History class. She had never dated him but had been to lunch with him a few times. He was just a little taller than she was and slim, but not lanky. He had brown hair cut short, was clean shaven, blue eyes that she liked, and was always dressed in nice, but not pretentious, clothes. Today he was in jeans and a long sleeved shirt and a jacket.
Rod was leading her to a sandwich shop just across from the campus. As they walked and talked Jennifer began to wonder why he had never asked her on a date. She liked him well enough to have said 'yes' if he had asked.
"I rented a room in a house over that way for next semester." she said.
"Oh yeah? So no dorm for you next semester?"
"Nope. I wanted a little more privacy than what you get in a dorm."
"Boy I understand that. And the noise can get unbearable. I wish I could find something like that. How did you come across this deal?"
"I just watched the notices on the Student Union bulletin board until I found one I liked. I think I was pretty lucky to find it."
"Want a roommate?" He joked.
She was surprised at his question. She looked at him for a minute.
"Maybe." she said and then smiled. She didn't know why she said that, they barely knew each other.
Rod looked at her and smiled.
"I was only joking." he said.
"I know." she said as she continued to smile at him. They were silent a minute as they continued their walk.
Soon they arrived and placed their orders. They each paid for their meal and chose a table to wait for their order to arrive.
"Are you going home for Christmas?" she asked.
"Yeah. I am driving home the day after tomorrow. I need to pack up still so I need a little time."
"Yeah, me too. But I just live just outside of the East end of Dallas so its not that far."
"Do you have a large family?" he asked.
"Right now it's just my parents and me. My big brother is in the Navy and is currently in the Pacific somewhere."
"It's kind of the same for me. My big sister is married and lives in Boston so it's a big deal to visit on the holidays. But I think they will be home this year."
"That's good. I like it when the family is all together for Christmas. It just seems more cozy."
"I know what you mean. I sometime miss having by sister around so it will be good to see her again."
Their food arrived and they started eating. The conversation continued during their meal, mostly about the last semester. When they finished their meal they bused their table and started the walk back toward their dorms.
"Rod, why have you never asked me out?"
"I'm not sure. I guess I kind of thought of you as out of my league."
"Surely you don't think I'm that stuck up?"
"Oh, no! It's not that at all. It's just that you are so beautiful. I was just never sure what my chances with you were."
She took his hand into hers.
"You should have asked. You might have gotten a surprising answer. I always liked you."
"Does that mean you would be willing to date me?"
"Of course, silly. Why wouldn't I?"
Rod could not believe what he was hearing. It was not that he was shy around girls, he just sometimes misjudged them without realizing it. He was glad that she had set things straight.
"Well, I'm sorry that I misjudged you. That seems to be one of my weaknesses concerning women. Never the less, I would like to date you and get to know you better."
"You really know how to pick the wrong time to ask a girl out, it being the end of the semester."
"Timing was never my best trait. But maybe we could stay in contact over the holidays?"
"Sure, I'd like that. Give me your phone."
They traded phones and input their information into each others phone. Rod looked at her information when he got his phone back and was surprised to see she had added 'good friend' in the information field. It made him smile as he stuck his phone in his back pocket.
"You want to go somewhere and talk some more?" he asked.
"Sure. We can go to my dorm room. My roommate moved out today so we can have it to ourselves."
They changed direction slightly to head for her dorm. She took him up to her room and they sat on her bed talking for the next two hours. She was really starting to like Rod the more she talked with him. He was really nice and did not make any moves on her which she found refreshing. They discussed many topics including family, high school, college, and their aspirations. When he finally left to return to his dorm room she immediately felt like a piece of her left with him. It was really strange, she had never felt this way when other boys left her. She shrugged and since it was still early she started doing a little packing for her trip home.
After putting a few things away she stripped and took a shower. It was only nine o'clock but she went to bed any way as she was tired. As she lay there trying to sleep she suddenly realized that she missed Rod. She had only been with him a few hours but she already had feelings for him. She smiled to herself when she realized why she missed him. Even though this was a first for her, she liked the feeling and that put her into a deep sleep for the night.
==========
Rod woke the next morning and his first thought was of Jennifer. It made him smile. She was both beautiful and nice, what more could he wish for? After visiting the bathroom he decided to text her.
Rod: Good morning, beautiful
He did not expect a reply right away so he was surprised when she did.
Jen: Good morning, how about breakfast?
Rod: Sounds great. See you in 30 minutes?
Jen: Sounds good
She wanted to see him again! His spirits peaked at that moment. This was going to be a great day!
He rushed to the bathroom and did his morning rituals. Then he put on fresh clothes after checking the weather (the same as yesterday). He made a second check on himself before he left just to make sure he had not forgotten anything. As he walked to her dorm he was walking on air.
He knocked at her door and after a few seconds she answered with her coat in hand. They left heading for the Student Union cafeteria.
"How did you sleep last night?" Rod asked.
"Very well. I went to bed early and woke early so I have been packing for the last hour."
"I packed a little last night myself. I don't have that much left to pack so I will delay that until I leave tomorrow."
"It's the same for me. I've done all I can do until I'm really ready to leave."
"So your day is pretty clear?"
"Yeah. Why, you want to do something?" she asked.
"Yeah, I'd like that."
She smiled at him. "Me, too."
The cafeteria was not crowded as this was the last day it would be open and most of the students had left already. They loaded up with a big breakfast. When they finished they set out for a walk. Jennifer was enjoying their time together. Why had they not gotten together sooner? She held his hand in hers as they walked through the campus with no destination in mind. They wound up in Doug Russel park which was right next to the campus. It was a small park that had a little historical cemetery at the back. All the graves were either young women or babies as there was once an unwed mothers home nearby. But the park was beautiful even in winter.
They decided to sit together on the swing set as the park was completely empty. The sun had come out from behind the clouds making the day a little warmer.
"I guess this is the last day for us for a while." Jennifer said.
"Yeah, I guess so. But I do want to stay in touch with you."
"I'd like that, a lot."
"I'm going to miss you. That may sound a little weird but now that I know you I want to know you even more." he said.
She sighed a little. "I know what you mean. I want more time with you as well."
They were silent for a moment as Jennifer made up her mind about something.
"Rod, would you like to make love to me?" she asked.
He was stunned. This was the last thing he expected from her.
"I would love to, if that's what you want."
She looked at him with a big smile.
"I think we need to find out if there are sparks between us before we begin the holidays. And I have not been fucked in a few weeks so I'm pretty horny."
Jennifer stood up from the swing and brought him into her arms. They both felt the warmth of the other even through their clothes. She lifted her head from his shoulder and they kissed each other. It was a warm kiss, just enough to assure each other about how they felt.
"Come on, we can go back to my room." she said.
They joined hands and walked back to her dorm. The anticipation each felt built as they got closer to the dorm. They walked in silence each in with their own thoughts.
When they got to her dorm room she unlocked the door and led him inside. Once inside with the door closed they removed their coats and embraced each other again. They held each other just standing there for a long time. Finally they started to kiss each other, this time passionately, their tongues exploring each other. She could feel his hardness pressing against her which made her press against him even more.
They slowly relaxed their embrace of each other until there was a small amount of space between them. Jennifer began to undress him first but Rod quickly followed and started to undress her. They removed their shirts first revealing his bare chest and her bra encased breasts. He was hypnotized by her tits even if only a hint of them was visible. She smiled at him and reached behind her to unhook her bra and slowly reveal her loveliness to him. Then she quickly embraced him again.
Neither of them seemed to be in any hurry as it took them almost ten minutes to get down to their underwear. Rod was completely mesmerized by her beauty and Jennifer thought he was the most handsome boy she had ever seen. She broke their embrace and led him to her single bed where they both lay close and facing each other. They continued to kiss but now their hands began to wander across each others bodies.
Jennifer could not believe how good he felt to her. No other boy had produced this feeling in her. And his cock, so hard against her. She was not sure how long she could wait before she just had to touch it, to feel it in her hand, and to suck on its length. But for now she enjoyed just being held by him and feeling his naked body against hers.
Rod was truly in awe of her. She was so beautiful and he felt so lucky that she wanted him. He loved kissing her. You could tell so much about her from her kisses, what mood she was in, what she wanted from him, and what she wanted to give him. And he also loved it when her breasts pressed against him. They seem to enhance the message from her kisses. Having her naked and against him was just the best feeling ever.
Although the bed was small they made the most of it. Soon their kisses move to other regions of their bodies as they explored each other for the first time. Rod was now kissing her breasts and sucking on her nipples. Her nipples responded by becoming hard little nubs against his tongue. Her chest rose from the bed against his lips and tongue as he continued to stimulate her breasts. Obviously her breasts were very sensitive and he made the most of that feeling from her.
Rod continued down her body, past her womanhood, and to her legs. He parted them a little and kissed and licked the inside of her thighs. He took his time as she began to moan a little to his stimulation of her.
"Oh Rod, that feels so good."
Her statement drove him to take even more time to get to know every part of her. He slowly worked his way up and then down each leg multiple times, kissing and licking her inner thighs until he had covered every part of them. Only then did he move up to the center of her pleasure. He moved her legs even wider apart until her feet were hanging off each side of the single bed.
The smell of her womanhood was intoxicating and rich with her moisture. She was clean shaven and you could see where she was leaking her fluids. He started by slowly licking up the excess fluids that had escaped from inside her. She moaned louder as he kissed up and down her outer lips. When he reached the top of her lips he kissed her clitoris once and the licked it once, only to return to her lips again.
"Wow, Rod. You really know how to treat my pussy. Just don't stop."
Eventually he moved to her inner lips and the opening to her treasure. He alternated licking with a lite touch and then a heavier one. Her juices were now flowing as she was obviously very turned on. After inserting his tongue into her he moved up to her clit and sucked on it for a whole minute.
"Oh god! Oh god!" she almost screamed.
He inserted his middle finger into her opening and curled his finger upwards to get to her G-spot as he continued to suck on her clit. Her hips rose off the bed as she got closer and closer to her first orgasm.
"Rod, I going to cum! Jesus! I'm cumming!"
And with that her hips rose a final time and she seemed to shake all over as her orgasm racked her body releasing all those good hormones into her system. She was groaning over and over as it blasted through her system. Finally she took a breath and came down from her peak. When she caught her breath she pulled Rod back up to her and took him in her arms and kissed him over and over.
"Oh god, Rod! That was incredible! I've never cum like that before! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!"
"You're welcome. I'm glad you liked it."
They held each other for a minute and then she said "Make love to me. I want to feel you inside me. I want to feel your spunk blast inside me over an over again."
"Are you safe?" he asked.
"I'm on the pill so feel free to do with me as you will."
"I want you on top."
She moved over a little to give him room and then sat on his legs just below his cock. She took his cock in her hands and smiled down at him.
"You cock is really nice. I think it will fit me just fine."
With that she sat up and moved over him. She took him and aimed it at her opening. Slowly she sat down on him, his cock penetrating her womanhood as she descended on him. Rod noticed that her eyes seemed to roll back in her head until he was fully encased by her. Then she smiled down at him.
"I hope that feels as good to you as it does for me."
He smiled back at her. "It feels wonderful. Like a soft, wet, and warm glove."
"I don't know why, but I feel really connected to you like this. Sort of like you are plugged into me."
"I know. I feel close to you as well."
Jennifer started to move on him slowly while he placed his hands on her breasts. Her nipples were hard on his palms as he lightly squeezed her tits.
"I like it when you feel my breasts. You really know how to treat them."
They made love in that position for a long time, their passion increasing with every thrust of the other. They both watched each other intently as they came closer to their ultimate passion. Eventually she leaned forward and put her hands on his shoulders. By now their movement were fast and approaching furious.
"God I love fucking you." he said.
"And I love fucking you. Just don't stop."
They were now pushing each other to cum together. He met each of her thrusts with his own, driving his cock as deep into her as he could.
"Fuck me! I'm going to cum! Harder! Faster! Faster!"
He did as she asked as he felt his love juices begin to rise inside of him. Just as he was about to let her know of his impending orgasm her own hit her causing him to explode into her. They kept pounding each other through their shared orgasm until it was over and she collapsed on top of him. She put her head on his shoulder and held him close. Both were breathing heavily and were unable to speak for a minute or two.
Finally she lifted her head and looked at him.
"Did you feel them?" she asked.
"The sparks?"
"Sparks! Those were gigantic fireworks!"
"So does that mean what I hope it does?"
She kissed him passionately.
"We need to discuss this. I want to make sure that we get back together when spring semester starts."
He put his arms around her and held her tight. That was the best news of the day for him.
After cleaning up a little they talked about how they would stay in touch through the semester break. Texting and phone calls were obvious choices. But the more they talked the more Jennifer wondered whether or not she really should ask him to room with her next semester. They had not even been together even 24 hours but she thought that he would be a good roommate. Eventually she asked him and he said 'yes'".
After their discussion was over they made love again. And then again. They ignored lunch and spent the whole afternoon making love and talking/planning. Their stomachs finally got control and they cleaned up and went to dinner. The Student Union cafeteria was closed so they went to the burger place close by. It wasn't the best food but it would hold them until they got home the next day.
As they walked back towards their dorms they held each others hand. Something had happened to both of them and they did not quite know what to think of it.
"When do you think you will move in with me?" she asked.
"I want to spend New Years day with my family but just as soon as I can afterwards I will come back and move in with you. Are you sure you don't need me to bring any furniture?"
"No, I've got that covered. Just bring your clothes, towels, toiletries, and school stuff. But most of all bring yourself."
He smiled at her and she returned it. God, she was just so beautiful. He knew he was going to miss her over the holidays.
They got to his dorm first. They stood just outside the main door looking into each others eyes while holding hands.
"I already miss you." she said. Then she smiled. "Especially your cock."
He brought her closer into his arms and kissed her long and hard. When they broke the kiss she put her head on his shoulder.
"Promise me you will return to me." she asked.
"That's a promise I will certainly keep. Promise me that you will text me every day with a picture every now and then."
"I will if you will do the same. I need the assurance that you still have feelings for me."
"Of course I will."
He kissed her again and held her tight.
"It's getting dark and you should probably go, even though it will be really hard for me to watch you." he said.
"I know. This is not goodbye, it's just a see you later."
"See you later, then."
They kissed one more time and then she left him standing there watching her go, desperately hoping it was not the last time he would ever see her.
==========
The holiday break was a wonderful time for Sherrie, Craig, and all the tenants.
Jennifer and Rod exchanged text messages along with a few pictures every day they were apart. To their surprise the messages and phone conversations seemed to bring them closer. Communication across a space always seems to reduce inhibitions, sometimes to the good, and sometimes to the detriment of a relationship. For Jennifer and Rod it brought them closer than even their previous lovemaking. Not to say that all their texts were platonic, there were a more than a few that should have been rated X.
Christmas came and went and the anticipation of living together increased for the both of them. Neither had ever had a roommate of the opposite sex before and both felt a little trepidation along with their excitement.
Jennifer moved into their new room on New Years Eve day. Her Mom and Dad helped her with the furniture. They all met Sherrie and Craig but the other tenants had not yet returned from their holiday. Her parents returned home around four o'clock and left Jennifer to set up her room. It only took a few hours and then she went down to the living room to watch the New Years celebrations on TV with Sherrie and Craig.
She noticed that Sherrie and Craig were not much for drinking and that pleased her as she was the same. They all drank cold drinks and snacked on a variety of finger foods and chips while they watched TV. A great time was had by all and they broke up for bed around one o'clock.
Jennifer was awoken the next morning by a text from Rod wishing her a happy new year. She bid him the same salutation.
Rod: I will be there tomorrow afternoon. Not sure yet what time
Jen: I can't wait!
Rod: Me either. See you then. Keep it warm for me
Jen: And wet?
Rod: For sure
God he made her so horny. She was amazed at how a boy she barely knew could make her feel this way. She was getting wet already just thinking about him. When he was with her all the time, would she be wet all the time? What a wonderful thought.
She got up out of bed to begin her day. She showered, dried and brushed her hair, and did all the other morning rituals. Sherrie and Craig had invited her to breakfast so she went down to see if they were up. Sherrie was in the kitchen putting away dishes from the dishwasher when she entered the kitchen.
"Good morning." she said.
"Hi Jennifer. Any preference for breakfast?" Jennifer asked.
"None. I'll eat whatever you put in front of me." she replied.
"Good. We're having French toast."
To her surprise it was Craig that made breakfast, and he seemed to know what he was doing. Before long there was a stack of French toast on a big plate and sausage to go with it. Craig had coffee while the girls had orange juice. Jennifer was starting to really like Sherrie and Craig. They seemed to have a loving and wonderful relationship. They were also open and welcoming to the people in their home.
Jennifer helped them clean up after they finished. They all retired to the living room again to watch the parades on TV. She was grateful to them for including her in their holiday. It helped her through one more day without Rod. In the afternoon they watched some football games but they all tired of it by dinner. Sherrie made some sandwiches for everyone and when they finished they all retired to their rooms.
Once in her room she got out her phone to review all of the texts from Rod from the holidays. She had done this a few times and every time she did it she felt an even bigger connection to him. He had sent her a few 'dick' pics and she had sent him some of her breasts and pussy. But it was the texts that meant the most to her. He could be both sweet and dirty depending on her mood at the moment.
She put her phone down with a wistful sigh. He could not get here soon enough for her. She decided to read for a while. On her way here she had stopped for a snack and bought a trashy romantic novel. She got it out and before long she was hooked on the romance and erotic story. After a while she was rubbing her pussy through her jeans without realizing it. When she did she smiled at herself and decided to masturbate. She removed her jeans and panties and continued reading, the book in one hand and the other pleasuring herself between her legs.
The book was providing a lot of romantic content as well as some erotic content, some fairly explicit. It was just enough to get her really turned on so that now she was alternately fucking herself with her fingers and rubbing her hard clit. When she was close to cumming she put the book down and concentrated on getting herself off. With one hand she fucked herself and the other stimulated her clitoris. She stayed close for a few minutes trying to prolong the feelings washing over her. But soon her body became insistent and she went over the pleasure waterfall falling and falling as her body spasmed over and over. As she came down from her orgasmic high she thought about how Rod had made her cum so many times that day and that brought a satisfied smile to her face as she continued to massage her clit lightly.
When she was alone like this Rod was all she could think about. She was afraid of using the word love to describe their relationship, but she could not help but wonder if she was falling in love with him. It would take a little time to know for sure, but she hoped that it could happen.
==========
Rod woke the next morning in a really good mood. As much as he liked being with his family, he really was excited to move in with Jennifer. He had come to the conclusion that she was the best thing to ever happen to him. Their communication over the holidays was not like anything he had ever done before. She was so open about herself and her feelings, and she was sexy as hell.
He rolled out of bed and got ready for his drive back to UTA and Jennifer. His clothes and towels were already packed and when he was finished in the bathroom he packed his toiletries. He looked around for anything he might have forgotten and seeing nothing, he went down to breakfast with his parents.
Over the holidays he had told his parents that he was going to live with a girl this semester and a dorm room would not be necessary for him. His parents were surprised and a little apprehensive about this situation but felt he should make his own choices and mistakes and deal with the consequences.
When breakfast was over he loaded his car and bid his parents goodbye. His Mom kissed him and his Dad shook his hand. And then he was off for another semester at school, and to Jennifer. The drive was about 3.5 hours and he had texted Jennifer before he left.
He loved the drive from East Texas to Arlington, even in Winter. Where his parents lived was in the piney woods so the scenery was great. After twenty minutes he merged onto Interstate 20 and from there it was a straight shot to Arlington and UTA. It was sunny and a little cool that day but it was great driving weather.
Half-way there he stopped for a fast food lunch and then was back on the road. He had to admit to himself that he had missed Jennifer more than anyone before. He missed being with her, holding her, kissing her, and making love to her. She was everything he could ever want and more. She was smart, independent, passionate, strong, and loving. Until he met her he did not know that he was looking for that kind of woman, but she appealed to him more than any of his previous girl friends.
As he approached the University his excitement grew. Finally he was going to be with her again! He read her directions again while stopped at a light and the proceeded directly to the address. He had no trouble finding the two story house. He went to the front door and knocked. Craig answered within a few seconds.
"You must be Rod. Welcome. Come on in."
Rod went in and shook hands with Craig.
"Jennifer should be right down."
Rod could here her before he saw her. She bounded down the stairs and rushed into his arms. While they embraced Sherrie came in from the kitchen and waited beside Craig. When they finally broke their embrace they looked at Craig and Sherrie with a little embarrassment.
"Craig, Sherrie, this is my boyfriend Rod."
Rod and Sherrie shook hands.
"I'm glad to meet you both. Jennifer has told me a lot about you."
"And she has told us a lot about you." said Sherrie.
"Come sit in the living room. You must be tired after your trip." Craig said.
They adjourned to the living room where Jennifer and Rod took the sofa and Sherrie sat on Craig's lap in one of the chairs. Rod made sure to wrap an arm around Jennifer. He wanted to be close to her and she made sure she let him know she wanted it too by moving closer to him.
"So I hope you don't mind if I stay with Jennifer?" Rod said.
"Oh no. As long as the rent is paid and you don't make a lot of noise, we don't care if she has ten men in her room. Although Robert might complain sharing the bathroom with so many people."
Both Jennifer and Rod chuckled at her little joke.
"So what are you studying, Rod? Jennifer never told us." Craig asked.
"Chemistry. I want to be a pharmacist unless I can find something else that uses my degree."
"I don't think that will be a problem. Plenty of industries need a chemist." Craig replied.
"I sure hope so. The extra salary would be nice. Especially if I have someone to share it with." He looked at Jennifer and smiled. She was slightly embarrassed but still smiled back at him. Sherrie and Craig smiled at them both.
They talked for thirty minutes about a number of topics. It was obvious that Jennifer was already good friends with Sherrie and Craig but Rod was quickly becoming friends as well. He liked them, they were open and friendly and anybody could see they were in love with each other. He was also discovering that they had much in common. They liked the same music, food, movies, even the same streaming shows. He could see that they would become great friends.
Eventually they broke up so Rod could unload his car. Of course Jennifer helped him and they made two trips getting it all upstairs. When they finished Jennifer closed the bedroom door and rushed into his arms. They kissed each other like the long separated lovers they were.
"Oh Rod, you feel so good. Hold me for a while. I need to know you are really here."
"I'm here at last. God I love having you in my arms."
They kissed again, and then again. They could not get enough of each other.
"I want you." she said.
"Not any more than I want you."
Clothes began flying as they stripped themselves. When they both were naked they quickly turned the covers back on the queen sized bed and fell onto it. They wrapped each other in their arms and began kissing each other all over. They were desperate to show just how much they had missed each other. Neither needed any foreplay, Rod was harder than he could ever remember and Jennifer's pussy was gushing fluids like a faucet.
Rod was now working on her breasts with his tongue, her nipples were hard as steel as he sucked on them causing her to moan out loud. She had his cock in her hand jerking it as she held his head against her breast with the other hand. His hand worked down he until he found the source of her wetness. He put two fingers in her and she almost screamed in pleasure as he slowly fucked her with them.
"Oh Rod, fuck me please. I need you so bad."
He moved over her and inserted himself into her. And suddenly they both paused looking at each other.
"I love you, Jennifer. More than anything or anybody, I love you and only you."
"Oh Rod, I love you too. My heart is pounding like an engine I love you so much."
They grinned at each other as he started to fuck her slowly. Their desperation had been replaced by their mutual love for each other. It seemed impossible, they had spent so little time together. But their love for each other could not be denied.
She took his head in her hands and lowered it so she could kiss him. The kiss was tender and lasted a long time. As they kissed Rod never stopped slowly making love to her. She was so wet it was kind of sloppy, but he did not care. All that mattered was that he was connected to her and she to him and they were making love to each other.
"I love it when you fuck me." she said. "You are so good to me and for me. I want you more than life itself."
"You are so beautiful. Do you know that? You almost glow when you're like this. I need you, want you, am desperate for you, and can never leave you. You have become a part of me and I never want you to leave me."
She grabbed him so hard that his arms gave out and he fell onto her. She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed him hard.
"Don't ever stop fucking me. I want to cum with you in me so bad. I want to feel you squirt your cum into me. And I want those feeling as often as you can give them to me. I love you and don't ever forget that."
"Not likely. Now lay back and feel my cock pump in and out of you. I want you to cum around my cock. I want you to feel my love juice fill your pussy. I will do this every chance you give me because I love you that much."
They made love until both of them came hard in each others arms. They rested for a while and did it again. Then they held each other for almost an hour, just making up time lost during the holidays. When they finally got out of bed they realized Rod's clothes were still in his bags. They laughed at that and proceeded to unpack his belongings. Jennifer had left him plenty of room for his stuff and soon everything was put away. Then they took a shower together. After dressing they went downstairs and out to dinner.
==========
Later that night Sherrie and Craig were relaxing in the living room, both reading books. Sherrie had a good trashy novel and Craig a historical drama. He never could figure out her attraction to those novels, but he never questioned her about them. Everyone has a weakness and those novels were hers. He smiled when he thought about it. He loved her, weakness and all.
They had been together a long time. He knew her as well as her mother and father, maybe even better. But he also knew he would never know everything about her. We all keep secrets buried so deep down they would rarely surface. But he could live with that. He loved who she was now, tomorrow could wait until tomorrow.
As young as he was, he knew that change ruled everything and everyone. You either changed with a person or you didn't, and he was determined to change with her whatever the cost. That was the true price of love.
Sherrie was really enjoying her novel. It was full of the things she liked like romance, sex, and adventure, but sex most of all. The stories almost always made her wet and this novel was no exception. She was snuggled up next to Craig on the couch. She loved feeling his warmth against her. He was so good to her and for her and she loved him so much. He had stood by her all this time when he could have had any other girl because he was that good looking, smart, clever, and a damned great lover. But he had proved his love for her over and over again.
When she thought about how he made love to her she got even wetter. She could almost feel his hands on her naked skin, his lips on hers, and his cock pumping in and out of her. And best of all was when he made her cum. The orgasms he gave her were over the top.
Suddenly she needed him inside of her. She closed her book and turned to face him. He recognized that look on her face immediately. And then she could not hold back, and kissed him with all the passion she possessed. Still holding the kiss she crawled up into his lap and put her arms around him. He dropped his book losing his place just so he could put his arms around her. They held each other close until they both needed to speak.
"So I guess you're horny, huh?" he asked.
"So horny. I need you. Make love to me."
He picked her up and took her to their bedroom. They made love until they were exhausted and then lay on the bed beside each other. Sherrie was the first to speak when they caught their breath.
"What do you think of our new tenants?"
"I like them. I hope their relationship lasts."
"Yeah, they are taking a real chance having only known each other for such a short time."
"You never know, sometimes these things have a way of working out for the best." he said.
==========
A few days later Vanessa and Amelia returned from their holidays and the next day Robert returned as well. The house was now full again with the spring semester about to start. The following week everyone registered for classes. As usual Sherrie and Craig tried to get as many classes together as possible. The same was true for Jennifer and Rod. Everyone was taking a full load of classes and it looked like it was going to be a busy semester for all of them.
Things settled into the usual grind of classes and homework. Only a few things of interest happened between the start of the semester and spring break. Sherrie came home early one day when her professor never showed for that day's class and found Jennifer and Rod in the living room making love. They all got a good laugh about that. There was a snow event in February that closed school for a day. And the first week of March the sewer line clogged. It took two days to fix that.
As spring break got closer Vanessa and Amelia invited Robert to come with them to South Padre for a few days and he accepted. The girls had started having threesomes with him as well visiting him singly and this would be a chance for some extended time together and a little fun at the beach. That left just the two couples and they both decided to hang around and relax during the break.
Spring Break week turned out to be beautiful. The weather was bright and sunny and the spring flowers were just starting to bloom including the bluebonnets. If you have never seen a field of bluebonnets then you have missed one of nature's truly beautiful creations.
The two couples had become pretty close during the first half of the semester. Sherrie and Craig really enjoyed being with Jennifer and Rod. They found they had a lot in common and had started playing cards with each other during their free time. On the first Sunday of the break Craig decided to grill some steaks and asked Jennifer and Rod to join them. Craig set up the grill and started the charcoal with Rod looking on.
"How long have you and Sherrie been together?" Rod asked.
"Since the tenth grade. After the first date we found we were always together. We never even decided to go steady, it just sort of evolved into that situation. I realized I was in love with her the next year. My parents thought it was just a puppy love sort of thing but I knew better. Not long after she told me that she loved me and we've been together ever since."
"Wow. I don't know anyone whose relationship lasted after high school short of getting married after graduation."
"Oh we want to get married as well. But we both think we should wait until we have graduated college. Things can change between people at college. Neither of us wants that, but we both know it can happen so we're just being careful of the others feelings if it does."
"That's pretty mature of you both."
"Oh I don't know about that. We both want to have fun and continue to meet other people and all that implies. We just respect each other enough that we are careful of the others feelings. You can't control how a person feels about love or relationships. That's the mistake that most divorced couples make when they get married. They mistake commitment for control and that leads to all their problems."
"You seem pretty wise for a freshman in college."
Craig just smiled at him.
"Don't mistake opinions for wisdom." Craig said. "I can be just as stupid as any other boy my age. But I try to be a little more mature than most boys. It's Sherrie who is the wise one, bless her heart."
Inside Sherrie and Jennifer were having a conversation of their own in the kitchen as they both prepared lunch.
"You and Craig seem like a pretty tight item." Jennifer said.
"Yeah, he's the best. We've know each other a long time. We have loved each other during most of that time."
"How do you both keep it together?"
"Are you worried Rod may tire of you?"
"Maybe. I guess so. I love him and I never want him to leave. I'm just a little afraid he will meet someone else and I'll lose him."
"What about you? The same thing might happen to you."
"I doubt that. I love him."
"Don't be too sure. We're all only human after all is said and done. We can no more control the future than we can another person or their feelings. Remember that movie 'Love Story' and the tag line 'Love is never having to say you're sorry'? It's the biggest line of pure bullshit I have ever heard. It's pure fairy tale. Real life is not ever like that. There are all kinds of reasons to say you're sorry, some small and some very big. That tag line should have been 'Love is forgiveness'. That's what being committed to each other is all about."
"So you're saying I should forgive him even if he cheats on me?"
"You're looking at it all wrong. The word 'cheat' has connotations that don't apply to your example. How did he cheat you? Yes, he may have gone out and fucked someone else but how were you cheated? Cheating implies that someone stole something from you. Did he do that? Think about it before you answer."
Jennifer felt somewhat stunned. No one had ever explained infidelity to her like that.
"You're right. I do need to think about it."
"Good for you. But make up your own mind, You still have to be true to yourself."
Lunch was really good. They all had a good time and the food was delicious. There were even a few leftovers. After cleaning up the girls decided to lay out in the sun a while it was so nice. The backyard was surrounded by trees all along the perimeter and hedges along two sides so they decided to remove their tops and get a full tan. After a while the guys joined them bringing some iced tea for everyone.
"Wow, you girls look fantastic." Rod said. That got him a giggle from both of them.
"We brought iced tea." Craig said as he passed out the glasses to everyone.
The blanket was barely big enough for all four of them and they had to get closer together to all fit. They all enjoyed their time in the sun as the winter had been cold. But spring can come early in Texas and it looked like it was here to stay for a while.
They talked and joked while sunning and being lazy. Sometimes Rod's eyes were drawn to Jennifer's nipples as were Craig's to Sherrie's. But nothing further was happening. When they all turned over the show was mostly over as well. After a little over an hour they all had enough sun for one day and went back inside the house and to their rooms.
After everyone had a shower they all went to the living room to either watch TV or read. When dinner came around they all raided the refrigerator and returned to the living room. Craig had gotten a new DVD player for Christmas and they had slowly been collecting a few movies to watch. Unknown to Sherrie he had ordered some X-rated DVDs that they could watch together.
"Are all of you up for a movie?" he asked.
Everyone said yes so he decided to surprise everyone and put on one of the X-rated movies. When the movie started they all got a surprised look on their face as the preview advertisements rolled.
"Where in the world did you get that?" asked Sherrie.
"I bought two of them to surprise you."
Everyone's book closed and they all stared at the TV screen. Craig sat down next to Sherrie as the movie started. It was the usual X-rated plot which was designed to get to the sex acts as quickly as possible.
Jennifer and Rod, while not actually stunned, found they could not take their eyes off the screen. They both had watched porn on their computers but seeing it on a wide screen TV was something else entirely. The same was true for Sherrie and Craig although neither of them were hypnotized like Jennifer and Rod.
As usual the movie had its intended result and all of them were getting hornier by the minute. By the time the second sex scene was rolling all of them were running their hands over their partner. Slowly buttons were loosened and hands disappeared inside the clothing of their partner. Sherrie and Craig were sort of leading the way as they all became more adventurous but Jennifer and Rod were not far behind.
Sherrie's shirt was the first piece of clothing to come off. Soon Craig was kissing and nuzzling her bra encased breasts. Rod's shirt followed and Jennifer was now kissing his chest. As they all became braver more pieces of clothing followed. Sherrie moved to the floor in front of Craig and removed his jeans and underwear revealing his hard cock. She started working it with her hand while smiling up at her lover. Rod did the same to Jennifer so that he could get to her pussy.
Each couple was now fully committed to making love in front of the other. In fact, they were so engrossed that they almost forgot there was anyone else in the room.
The movie continued to run as both couples finally removed their last pieces of clothing. Sherrie and Craig were now lying on the couch embracing and kissing each other as their hands roamed over the other. Rod had Jennifer in his lap and was kissing her breasts and nipples as his hand cupped her womanhood.
As the third sex scene of the movie started both couples decided it was time to get down to business. Rod moved Jennifer to the floor and took her from behind. She was always really tight in this position and she loved the way he felt. Sherrie moved Craig into a sitting position and sat down on his cock facing him. She put her arms around his neck and kissed him as she moved up and down on his cock.
Jennifer watched Craig and Sherrie as Rod fucked her from behind. She thought they were beautiful and their love making was intense. She looked back at Rod and he smiled at her to let her know he was seeing the same thing.
Sherrie was getting close to her first orgasm so she increased her pumping speed and soon it welled up inside her and burst like a dam. She groaned as her climax engulfed her. Wave after wave of pleasure went through her body until she had to pause a minute.
Craig loved it when she came like this. It always made his love for her soar a little higher.
After watching Sherrie cum Jennifer was pushed right to the edge. She began to return Rod's thrusts with her own until her own climax. It was a really good one and she could no longer hold herself up with her arms as the please wave was too much. Rod could feel her pussy as it tightened around his cock when she came.
When Jennifer's orgasm was over they changed position. She wanted to be on top of him and he let her have her way. Rod laid on the floor and she sat on him cowgirl style. This gave him a chance to hold and squeeze her breasts as she rode him. They smiled at each other as they made love to each other.
Sherrie was ready for a change of position as well. She got on her knees on the couch facing the back and Craig got behind her. After inserting himself into her she looked back at him and smiled. God he loved that.
The fourth sex scene of the movie started as both couples were engaged in some serious love making. The sound of slapping bodies filled the room as well as the smell of sex. Rod was doing his best to hold off his orgasm until Jennifer was ready.
"I'm getting close again. Keep fucking me. Oh God that feels so good." Jennifer said.
Rod increased his pace and he could see it as her orgasm started to rise within her.
"Cum for me, my love." he said to her.
That pushed her over the edge and the convulsions hit her hard. It also caused Rod to lose control and fill her with his love juice. This made her orgasm even better as she felt his cum fill her pussy.
Craig was pounding Sherrie for all he was worth as he could tell she was very close.
"Cumming! Cumming!" she said.
With that they both came at almost the same time. Sherrie was glad she was propped up by the back of the couch or she would have collapsed. Craig was glad he had hold of her hips as he could barely stand for a minute. When they both came down he collapsed on the couch and she followed him finally sitting on his lap.
Jennifer had collapsed on top of Rod still on the floor. His juice was leaking out of her but neither seemed to care. The same was happening to Sherrie but she was using her finger to gather it up a little at a time while alternately licking her finger clean and feeding it to Craig. He had to admit that when she first asked him to taste himself months ago he was hesitant, but now he saw nothing wrong with it.
As time passed the movie ended and the couples began to be more aware of each other.
"So, was this an orgy?" Jennifer asked.
"I guess so. Did you enjoy it?" Sherrie said.
Jennifer and Rod looked at each other and smiled.
"I guess we did. It was sexy as hell for sure."
"I second that motion." Craig said. They all chuckled at that comment.
Craig got up and removed the DVD from the player and returned to Sherrie. None of them seemed in any hurry to put their clothes on. After watching each other make love clothes seemed unnecessary.
"I'm thirsty. Anyone want some iced tea?" Craig asked.
It was affirmative all around so Craig got up and went to the kitchen with Rod following him. When they were gone Jennifer moved to sit beside Sherrie. She wrapped her arms around her and hugged her.
"Thank you." Jennifer said.
"For what?"
"For one of the best days of my life."
"Well I'm glad for you."
Jennifer kissed Sherrie on the cheek and returned to her chair.
In the kitchen Rod was helping to pour the iced tea.
"Thanks Craig."
"What for?"
"For opening my eyes to all the possibilities."
Craig smiled at him. "No problem. Glad to be of help."
They returned to their partner with the tea and sat beside them.
"So what do we do now?" Rod asked.
"What do you want to do?" Sherrie asked.
"Truthfully I'd like to do this again. But I know we can't do it all the time. So what can we get into around town?"
"I'm sure we can find something." Jennifer said.
Suddenly they were making plans for the rest of the week. They all pitched in with things that could be done for little or no money. It looked like the rest of the week was going to be exciting.
==========
Just as spring break was about to end Vanessa, Amelia, and Robert returned to the house. All were suntanned and tired after the long drive back from South Padre. They all had a great time but were paying for it now with tired bodies. They all just went to their rooms and collapsed on their beds.
The two couples had also had a great time that week but were not suffering from a long drive and were mostly well rested. They had grown much closer throughout the week as they continued their exhibition sex sessions and visited a number of places such as parks, malls, one museum, and some other places.
But as Monday dawned the final weeks of the spring semester everyone had to refocus and get back to classes and studying. It was tough on everyone but especially on Robert. As a sophomore it is widely known that year contains at least one class in most majors that is designed to weed out those that are not serious about their major and this was true for Robert. He had to buckle down to ensure he passed that class with good marks and that cut into the time he spent with Vanessa and Amelia. They understood what he was going through and did not pester him, although they did encourage him as much as they could.
Before they knew it spring exams were upon them. Now it was make or break time and they all spent most of their time behind closed doors studying. They only ventured out when they needed food or a short break.
Exams lasted a little more than a week and when they were finally over everyone was ready for a break. Most everyone was sexually frustrated and spent a day with their significant other(s) doing what young people do when repressed sexually. When everyone had recovered Sherrie declared a house holiday and they all got together to spend the next day with each other celebrating.
It started with the girls fixing breakfast for everyone. There was plenty of room at the dining room table for all seven of them and plenty of food to go around. Everyone had a good time at the table and it was a good start for the day. When the meal was over the boys joined in to clean up the dishes so it did not take long. Craig was going to grill hamburgers for lunch but that could wait for later.
Vanessa, Amelia, and Robert went for a morning walk while Jennifer, Rod, Sherrie, and Craig played cards at the breakfast table. The four of them had been getting together like this for a few months. They enjoyed it, the conversation, and the fun they had. They were obviously a close foursome now and seemed to be having the time of their lives.
When lunch time got close Craig went out and started the grill. Everyone helped get lunch ready making the task really easy. Craig and Rod grilled the burgers. Sherrie had gone to the grocery store the day before and picked up beef patties, buns, potato salad, and other assorted goodies they could eat at today's lunch. They set up the dinning room table again for the spread of food.
After lunch they all pitched in to clean up. The girls decided they would be lazy in the afternoon and spend some time in the sun. They laid out some blankets in the back yard to lay on. The boys decided to join them and they all sunned themselves. After a while the girls shed their tops to get a mostly full tan. It was a quiet afternoon with just a few clouds in the sky.
Sherrie asked Craig to put some suntan lotion on her and that started a trend among all of them. Soon all the boys were rubbing lotion on their partners, both front and back. The girls giggled as the boys rubbed the lotion onto their breasts which made their nipples stand out hard against their skin.
As usual the topic of conversation turned to sex among them. Rod started it by wanting to know everyone's funniest sexual experience. Everyone had a story to tell it seemed and some were really funny. Rod told one on himself from high school where he and his girlfriend at the time were parked behind a church when the police pulled up behind them. It seems the church had been a victim of several burglaries and they wanted to know if they were the perpetrators. Everyone got a good laugh out of that story. Vanessa told how she had been caught in a clutch with another girl by her parents. She had to quickly explain that she was not a lesbian but bi-sexual. The stories went around until everyone had a chance to come clean about their funniest experience.
After that things settled down and everyone just relaxed in the sun. After a while they all retreated to their rooms to shower off the sweat and suntan lotion. When done the all gathered into the living room to watch a movie.
When dinner time came they all just snacked on leftovers from lunch. They started another movie after dinner but none of them really seemed interested. There was a lot of kissing and hugging going on and even a little intimate touching over their clothes between partners. Eventually Vanessa, Amelia, and Robert excused themselves and went to the girl's room. Once there, a group hug soon followed.
"God you girls feel good." Robert said.
"Let's get undressed. I want both of you." Vanessa said.
With that they shed their clothes until they were naked. They all crawled up on the bed where they explored each other with their hands and tongues. The girls were entwined with each other as Robert watched them love on each other. He loved watching them together. Jealousy never entered his mind as the sight before him was so erotic. He knew each girl was her own person but together they were a sexual dynamo. And he was the benefactor of that energy.
The girls broke their embrace and Vanessa rolled over onto Robert only to shower him with kisses. Amelia moved to his cock and started pumping him slowly.
"I'm going to miss this over the summer." Vanessa said to Robert.
"It can't be helped. But I will be back in the fall."
"I know. I'll survive. But it won't be fun."
Amelia came up to join in the conversation.
"I'm going to miss you, too. Especially your cock." Amelia said.
"But not my tongue?" Robert asked.
"Maybe." Amelia said as she smiled.
"Well let's see just how much you will miss it."
Robert rolled Vanessa off him on the other side and then got between Amelia's legs. He started kissing and licking up her legs until he got to her pussy. Vanessa got beside her and kissed Amelia as Robert worked on her pussy. Robert liked eating pussy, it was probably the reason the girls liked him so much. His cock was just a plus as nice as it was. But he had no reason to complain, he really liked both girls.
Vanessa had moved down a little and was now kissing and licking Amelia's breasts and nipples. With two people stimulating her Amelia was starting to moan a little.
"Oh Robert, that feels wonderful. You're so good at eating my pussy. I'm really going to miss your tongue."
Amelia put one arm around Vanessa and her other hand on Robert's head to hold him even closer to her pussy. Robert was lapping up all the juices she was producing as well as making sure her clitoris was properly licked. Vanessa loved sucking Amelia's nipples. They were so sensitive and beautiful it made her horny every time she touched them with her lips.
"Don't stop, Robert. Whatever you do, don't stop. Almost there!"
Amelia's hips began to rise trying to get the absolute most from Robert's tongue. He placed his hands under her as he sucked on her clit.
"Oh God! Cumming! CUMMING!"
Her orgasm rolled over her like a Mach truck while her body was flooded with the hormones. The spasms wracked her, shaking her all over. Robert's lips never stopped sucking her clit and it made her orgasm last that much longer. Finally she started to come down and Robert lowered her hips back down to the bed.
Amelia opened her eyes and smiled at Robert.
"Thank you. That was wonderful."
Vanessa embraced her girlfriend and soon they were kissing once again. Then Amelia moved down between Vanessa's legs and started kissing and licking them. She had her ass in the air as an obvious invitation to Robert. He got behind her and inserted his cock into her pussy. She was tight and wet, just the way he liked. He took his time fucking her, he was in no hurry. This would be the last time they were together until the fall semester and he wanted to make it last so they would not forget him.
His Dad had gotten him a job for the summer so he could help pay for his tuition and housing costs next semester. It meant being away from Amelia and Vanessa but it could not be helped. He had an obligation to help his parents where he could.
He so much enjoyed being with the girls. He knew he was just good for an occasional fuck by them but he sort of liked that relationship because it left him plenty of free time to study. And he could always listen to them make love to each other through the thin wall between their rooms.
Right now he was just doing his best trying to please them both. He loved pleasuring them with his mouth, fingers and cock. He had no illusions about love, he was just enjoying himself while pleasing some very nice girls.
Amelia was now meeting his thrusts into her with her own. As much as she loved Vanessa she needed a cock just as much and Robert had a good one. He was also one of the nicest men she had ever known.
Vanessa was getting very turned on from Amelia's attention. She loved Amelia and felt so lose to her when they made love. But she also knew she needed a cock to truly satisfy her. She was glad that Robert turned out to be such a nice guy and a great fuck.
She looked at Amelia and smiled at her.
"Make me cum, Amelia. Lick and suck on me 'till I go crazy."
The moisture leaking from Vanessa's cunt was being consumed by Amelia just as fast as it leaked out of her. When her production paused, Amelia licked and sucked on her clit causing her to moan in pleasure.
Amelia was enjoying being fucked by Robert. He really knew how she wanted to be treated. He was slowly bringing her to the next climax. She could feel it coming on from deep inside her, from her toes to her nipples, it was rising by the minute. Robert's cock felt so good as it moved in and out of her. She wanted to cum with him in her so bad.
Just then Vanessa screamed. "I'm Cumming! Aarrrggh!!"
Her climax exploded from deep inside causing her whole body to vibrate as she gripped the sheets. Her eyes were closed and and her hands were clutching her breasts. Amelia felt a new burst of moisture from her cunt as she continued to suck on her clitoris. She was in the ultimate throws of pleasure.
Vanessa's climax was driving Amelia closer to her own.
"Harder, Robert. Fuck me harder! Give me your spunk! I want it!"
Robert picked up the pace and eventually drove her over the edge to a climax that shook her whole body and caused her to collapse on the bed. Robert's cock slipped out of her and he leaned over her and kissed down her back to her butt. He licked between her cheeks as she was coming down which prolonged her pleasure.
When both the girls regained some strength they switched placed and Robert entered Vanessa's pussy. He had saved his orgasm just for her to ensure he pleasured both of them. Vanessa licked Amelia's pussy and inserted a single finger in her. This quickly put Amelia on the path to another orgasm. Robert fucked her with moderate strokes until he was sure she was ready to cum.
They stimulated each other for a while just enjoying the pleasure each was giving the other. It was a good threesome, they all thought so. No pressure, no jealousy, no drama, just sex and some lust.
Soon enough they were all lost in the throws of a climax. When it was over they all collapsed on the bed, a girl on each side of Robert. This was the best feeling, the after climax with the hormones still running through their veins. The feeling of closeness that was unlike anything Robert had ever felt.
"Are you girls going to stay here for the summer?" he asked.
"No, we are going home as well. We'll be back in the fall. Maybe if we get an apartment we can make room for you." Vanessa said.
"I'd like that. In any case, let me know where you end up. I want to stay in touch."
"Don't you worry your pretty little head about that. We'll be sure to contact you." Amelia said. "After all, we both like what you give us. And I'm sure you like what we give to you."
They laid together silent for a while.
"Do you have another in you, Robert?" asked Amelia.
"Always for you two."
They all smiled at each other and prepared to go at it again. After all, it was their last night together for a few months.
Downstairs in the living room the two couples were quickly getting down to business. At this point most of their clothes had been shed. Sherrie and Craig were on the sofa and Jennifer and Rod were on one of the big chairs. Both couples were kissing their partners as their hands roamed over each other.
One of the big things that both couples enjoyed was watching the other couple make love as they engaged in their own love making. It was a form of exhibitionism that neither couple had realized they liked until it happened over spring break. From then on they participated in this form of lovemaking whenever possible. It had not gone any further than just watching each other, until now.
Sherrie whispered to Craig that he should get on the floor between her legs. When he did she looked at Jennifer and patted the seat beside her. She wanted Jennifer to come sit beside her. Jennifer nodded and got up holding Rod's hand and moved to sit beside Sherrie. Rod got between Jennifer's legs on the floor and looked up at her. She nodded and removed her panties signaling Rod to stimulate her womanhood. Craig removed Sherrie's panties and began kissing her legs.
The girls looked at each other as their partners worked towards their pussies.
"Are you okay?" Sherrie asked.
"More than okay."
With that they joined hands each enjoying their partner's stimulation.
Craig had worked up to Sherrie's pussy and began to lick her outer lips and over her clitoris. She was now very wet and he licked at her juices trying to keep pace with her production of fluids. Sherrie's breathing began to accelerate as his tongue worked its magic on her.
Rod was doing almost the same thing to Jennifer except she was really wet and was getting even wetter. He licked from her anus straight up to her clit lapping up juices as he went. She tasted wonderful, slightly musty but mostly tangy.
Both girls were working towards their first climax. As they got closer they squeezed each others hand letting the other know how good they felt. Their moans of pleasure were soft and urgent, pushing the boys to intensify their licking and sucking.
"Oh Craig! Lick me. Use your fingers!"
Craig inserted one finger and then another into her, curling the tips up to stimulate her g-spot. Rod followed those instruction on Jennifer as well. The girls were now moaning out loud and raising and lowering their hips as they got right to the edge of their ultimate pleasure. Sherrie was the first to go over the top as she grabbed Craig's head with her free hand to hold him against her pussy. Jennifer was watching her and the sight was so erotic it pushed her over the top as well.
The boys continued to stimulate the girls as their climaxes ebbed. Over the next minutes both girls had multiple orgasms with barely a pause between them. As they held hands tightly each was being pushed farther than they had ever been on the pleasure curve. Jennifer was the first to call a halt.
"Please, no more!"
"Yes, please stop!" Sherrie agreed.
Both boys looked up at their partner and smiled. The girls bent down and kissed their lover, tasting themselves on their partner's lips.
"Stand up, Craig."
He did and she leaned forward taking his cock in her mouth. Rod did the same and so did Jennifer. Both girls loved sucking cock, especially their lover's cock. Both of their cocks were similar in size but where Craig was circumcised, Rod was not. The girls alternated sucking their lover's cock and licking their scrotum. Sherrie was especially fascinated with Craig's balls. She would hold them, gently squeeze them, and even take them in her mouth.
Jennifer was alternating sucking on Rod's cock and jacking him with her free hand, her other hand still held Sherrie's hand. His cock was just right for her, big enough to satisfy her but not too big to suck deep into her mouth.
Jennifer looked up at Rod and said "Fuck me from behind. I need you now."
With that she got up and turned around with her knees on the couch and bent over onto the back. Sherrie joined her a moment later and their heads were close to each other on the back of the couch. The boys did not wait for instructions, they inserted themselves into their partner and began their fuck. Jennifer and Sherrie looked at each other and it was natural when they kissed each other. It was a sweet and lovely exchange of affection between them. When their lips parted they both smiled at each other.
Rod and Craig were fucking their partners gently, but with log strokes. The guys looked at each other and smiled as well. They both loved giving pleasure to their partner and part of that had become watching the other couple. They also liked the camaraderie they had obtained over the last months. Neither couple had ever expected this when they met, but they liked the result. They seem to be melding into a foursome, which was weird and wonderful for all of them.
Sherrie and Jennifer were holding hands again. It felt natural and brought them closer to each other. Each was just trying to find out how they felt about each other and whether or not it might ever get physical between them. Neither had ever been with a girl before, but they both were entertaining that possibility with the other. Whether it happened or not, they did have feelings for each other, and they were coming to grips with that.
But right now they were enjoying being filled by their partner. Being connected in the most intimate way to their partner was what they really liked, wanted, and needed. It filled each couple with love for their partner like nothing else. To feel the cock moving in and out of each other was heaven itself. But the orgasm that inevitably followed was another link in the chain that bound them together.
Another link in that chain was being formed now as both couples got closer to their climaxes. The pounding of the anvil matched the pounding each girl was receiving from their partner. Everyone was building toward their ultimate pleasure, and it was coming and inevitable as the day or night.
If it is hard for two people to time their climaxes together, it is twice as hard for four people. But they were doing their best to make that happen. Craig and Sherrie were first to climax almost together. Their moans and whimpers caused Rod and Jennifer to cum together not long after. As they all returned to normal they collapsed on the couch together, their arms and limbs scattered about. One of Craig's hands just happened to land on one of Jennifer's breasts. She put her hand on his when it happened and smiled at him. He returned the smile and removed his hand from her breast, not that he wanted to as it felt perfectly natural and quite nice.
They were all aware that things were happening between the two couples. But none of them were willing to give up what they currently had with each other. It could be dangerous for the couples, or it could lead to a greater relationship between them. It all depended on how they reacted and felt about each change. Only time could tell how it would turn out.
But for now they relaxed with each other, savoring the post climax they each shared. Slowly they began to sit up next to each other on the couch.
"That was great." Jennifer said. They all looked at each other and giggled a little.
"Are we a team or what?" Craig asked. More giggling followed.
They were quiet for a minute the Sherrie broke the silence.
"When are you guys going home and for how long?"
"Probably day after tomorrow. But we will be back before summer registration." Rod said.
"I'm going to miss you both." Jennifer said.
"We know. We will miss you, too. But I have a question for you. Do you want to move into the bedroom with the attached bathroom when you get back?" Sherrie asked.
Jennifer seemed surprised. "Could we?"
"Sure, if you're willing to pay the extra rent."
Jennifer and Rod looked at each other.
"That would be great." Rod said.
"Oh yeah, I'd like that." Jennifer said.
"Okay. Consider it a done deal. You can move your stuff when you get back."
They all wrapped their arms around each other in a group hug. Eventually it turned into another love making session, still rather chaste between the two couples. But they had the whole summer to find out where all this was going.
More to come.
OlderHormones