Now that she was in college, my little sister, Candy, had blossomed into a striking young woman. Increasingly, she attracted my admiration as she walked about the house in scanty clothing, flipping her short blond hair in a perky manner. She frequently hung out with her best friend, Jill, a fellow college cheerleader. Although I had not met Jill, I had seen her with Candy, and I had noted that she was an extremely well-developed, sexy girl—a redhead with wonderful round breasts and a narrow waist.
One day, after taking a shower, I had dressed in a T-shirt and jeans—they were old jeans and were comfortable but a bit too tight. I headed down the hall. I had thought that Candy would still be at her cheerleading practice, but the door of my sister's room stood open, and I could hear Candy and Jill chatting inside. Apparently the cheering had ended early, and the two were hanging out in Candy's room. I instinctively stopped and listened when I overheard my name mentioned.
"You really should see Johnny," my sister said.
"Oh? Tell me more!"
I gathered that I was about to be described. I wondered what kid of description I would receive from Candy."
"Johnny is an exhibitionist."
"Really?" Jill spoke in an excited tone. "I think I like that! He is such a hunk! But how do you know he's an exhibitionist?"
"One day when our parents were gone, I had just gotten up. I was wearing one of my baby-doll nighties, and I walked out into the hallway. There was Johnny strolling toward me. As I watched, he undressed in front of me. He pulled his T-shirt over his head and then removed his running shorts and underwear. He was totally naked!
"And he didn't seem the least bit embarrassed that I was looking him over from head to foot. In fact, he just stood there smiling, hands at his sides, and he seemed to enjoy being nude in front of me with my staring at every part of him."
I could hear Jill giggling with pleasure. "I wish I could have been there! Was he shaved down there?"
"Yes, perfectly smooth." There was a pause, and I could imagine the two girls smiling with pleasure at the image. "But, Jill, let me finish. Johnny stood motionless with his hands at his sides, as I said, and I noticed that his cock just sorta hung there, but as I watched, it jerked a little and grew longer and stiffer. It moved upward more and more and more. Soon it was pointing straight at me. He stood absolutely still, and he got a real big boner on."
"Oh, gosh! I love it!" Jill laughed. "How long was his cock?"
"I'd say about eight inches."
Jill laughed again and clapped her hands. "He is a total exhibitionist to show you his cock and to let you watch him get an erection!" She spoke as if she were grinning ear to ear.
Candy's account was not exactly accurate. As she said, our parents were gone, but I thought that my sister would be sleeping most of the morning. I got up early and went for a run, and when I returned, I was walking past Candy's room, and I started to pull off my T-shirt. The shirt got caught under my chin, and I left it on my head as I pulled off my shorts and underwear and tossed them at the hall hamper. When I got my shirt untwisted and heaved it toward the hamper, I saw my sister five feet away staring at me. Standing there nude, I felt a kind of thrill run through me.
Candy was wearing one of her sheer, frilly nighties—the kind of thing that highlights a girl's features rather than hiding them. It was then that I fully realized what she had become. I watched her upward-pointing breasts gently swaying—they reminded me of firm ripe fruit. Her narrow waist and slight tummy bulge were very sensual. Her bikini panties were transparent enough for me to tell that she was shaved. She smiled at me, and I felt another thrill.
I stood looking at her in a kind of trance—and I was enjoying it. She was overwhelmingly sexy. Her curves were in just the right places, and this girl absolutely made my mouth water. As she looked me over, I could feel myself growing aroused, and I noticed that she was staring at my cock as it grew. I was powerless to move. I was gratified that a sexy woman would enjoy looking at me, and I stood frozen. Soon I was completely hard.
We looked each other in the eye and both of us smiled with unconcealed pleasure. At that moment, I saw her as a very desirable woman, and it didn't occur to me that she was my sister. If she had moved forward and embraced me, I'm not sure what would have happened. But she simply turned and gave me a lingering smile over her shoulder as she walked back into her room.
Candy and Jill were continuing their conversation in her room. Jill said, "Have you thought about the stimulus for Johnny's getting a hard on?"
"No."
"It was you, Candy! He enjoys showing himself to you. To you! What a great compliment to you, girl!"
"Oh, he'd do the same thing for you."
"Do you really thing so?"
"Yes, of course. Probably he would be even more eager with you."
Jill laughed with a laugh filled with lust. "Do you think? I wish he were here now."
I couldn't help myself. I walked to Candy's doorway and stood looking at the two girls lying across the bed. Their short cheerleader skirts were half flipped up revealing matching panties, and their tight tops completed their cute, sexy appearance. I especially focused on the smooth long legs of both of them.
"Johnny!" Candy said in surprise when she looked around and saw me. She slid forward to sit on the edge of the bed. Jill moved to sit close beside her.
"I gather this is your brother, Johnny."
"Yes. Johnny this is Jill."
"It's good to meet you, Johnny." She glanced at her friend and then shifted her gaze to the front of my jeans. "Candy, I like your brother's . . . casual way of dressing."
I assumed that she was referring to my tight jeans that were just a little revealing of the shape of my package. I glanced down at myself, and I was glad that I was wearing these jeans that indicated an asset. I guess I am an exhibitionist. I said, "It's my stay-at-home casual look."
I walked into the room and stood close to the girls. It was difficult for me to take my eyes off their bare velvety legs. "Anyway . . . I saw Candy's open door and I thought I would say hello."
Candy looked alarmed. "Could you hear what we were saying?"
"No, of course not," I lied. "I was way down by the bathroom until just now when I looked in here."
Jill leaned close to Candy's ear and whispered, "Let's tell him what we were talking about."
"No," Candy replied.
"Do you want me to tell him?"
"No."
Jill's whisper assumed a threatening tone. "Tell him that you want to see him strip again—or I will tell him how much we both want to see him naked." She looked at Candy.
"I suppose it would be better coming from his sister." Candy's friend gave her a lascivious smile in return.
While I pretended that I couldn't hear the girls whispering, I stood looking over the scantily clad bodies of the nubile cheerleaders. Candy was correct in thinking that if I grew excited undressing for her, I would get much more excited undressing for Jill. Her breasts were large and perfectly round and high set; they looked as if they were asking to be released from the tight top of her outfit. I could see only bits of her panties, but her long silky legs had to lead up to something good.
Jill whispered, "You could tell him that we had a bet about him."
"You do it."
She thought a moment and said, "Okay." Jill looked up and down at me and then looked me in the eye and said, "Candy and I have made a bet."
"Oh?"
"I don't know if I should mention it. It's pretty naughty." She looked down for a moment with a coy smile.
I stood real close to her and whispered. "Come on. You can tell me. It will be just our secret."
"Well, okay." She quickly looked at Candy. "She thinks you won't do it, but I bet you will."
"Do what?"
She hesitated and played with her skirt. "I bet Candy that if I ask you to . . . completely undress, you would do it. She says you won't." She smiled up at me. "We'd really like it."
The same thrill ran through me that I had felt when I was undressed in front of Candy, although now it was twice as strong a thrill. I absolutely tingled. I knew I would do it. I was in a hurry to get my clothes off, but I supposed it would be better if I took my time.
"You want me to undress, while both of you watch and look me over?"
Candy looked embarrassed, looked down, but then looked up and nodded.
Jill boldly said, "Yes . . . we wouldn't miss a thing."
"What more can I ask," I said with a smile.
I pulled the T-shirt off and stood looking at them. I raised both arms and flexed my biceps and chest muscles. I turned around and let them view my muscular back. I kicked off my sockless tennis shoes.
Facing the girls, I unzipped my jeans. I gradually allowed the opening to widen so that a bulge stuck out in front. I moved back and forth so that they could get a view of that bulge. "Should I take off the jeans?" I asked trying to tantalize the girls.
"Yes," Candy said.
"Yes, take it off," Jill said. Then both of them joined together, "Take it off. Take it all off!"
I glanced at Candy and smiled at Jill. I liked her. "I'll do anything you want, beautiful."
I slowly pulled my jeans to the floor and stepped out of them. I could see that my large but flaccid cock was making a nice bulge in the front of my briefs. I traced its outline with one finger and stood close to Candy so she could examine it. Then I moved in front of Jill, and I took her hand in mine and used her fingers to trace the outline of my full package. As I watched her face, I could see she was greatly enjoying herself. When I finished and dropped her hand and moved back, she grinned up at me.
I looked at my sister. "Candy, I'm reluctant to take off these briefs, but I promised your friend that I'd do whatever she wants. Should I take them off?"
"You'd better ask her."
"I will, but what do you want?"
"Take them off."
"I moved in front of Jill. With mock chivalry, I said, "Fair maiden, you are so beautiful, and I have bound myself to you, and I'll do anything you desire. What should I do with these briefs?"
"Take them off." She whispered emphatically.
I put both thumbs under the waistband and tugged the briefs down an inch, then another inch, then another. As the very top of the head of my cock was about to peer out, I turned my back. I dropped my briefs to the floor and looked over my shoulder at the girls. They were staring at my buttocks. Candy was smiling. Jill was grinning.
Knowing that Jill wanted to watch the process of my getting an erection, I immediately turned around. I stood completely nude facing the two gorgeous cheerleaders. Both of them were leaning forward examining me.
As I had thought, my cock was starting to grow, but it remained hanging down. I stood closer to Jill and said to her, "Watch what happens as I look at you." My cock bobbed a little, and it grew in length and lifted higher and higher. I studied Jill's soft legs, her short skirt, her round breasts, and I grew to my full size. I proudly stood before her with my cock on display. The pink head was glistening, and the shaft was as straight as it could be. The tiny oval in the end looked at Jill.
Jill stared at my cock, glanced at Candy, and then looked back at my cock. "Candy, your brother really is magnificent. I'm in love with that thing of his."
I smiled at both girls. "Is there anything else I can do for you?"
Staring at my cock, Jill asked, "Will you let me kiss him?"
I moved closer. "Of course." Jill gave the tip of my cock a lingering kiss. When she sat back, I asked, "Candy, do you want to kiss him."
"Okay." She gave it a peck of a kiss.
Jill said, "Bring him back here." I moved in front of her. She again kissed the end, and this time she ran her tongue up and down the sides of my cock. Then she lightly licked the head repeatedly. She put my cock into her mouth, and pulled it out and looked at the slick, shinny head. Many times she ran it in and out across her slippery lips.
Then she held my cock in her mouth, swishing her tongue around it. When she plunged it deep into her mouth, she put one hand on the shaft and started to slowly stroke. Then, she moved faster, and, with her other hand, she held my balls and squeezed them ever so gently.
This was good. I supported Jill's head with my hands as she moved it back and forth on me. I glanced at Candy, and she was watching intently and smiling ear to ear. I repeatedly looked up and down the shapely, creamy legs of the cheerleaders as Jill played with me. After a time, my knees felt a little weak and my hips started to move back and forth, and I whispered to Jill, "I'm about to cum. Do you want me to pull back?"
Instead of answering my question, she removed my cock from between her lips, but she held it firmly in her hand. "I want to feel your cum on my face." She vigorously stroked me until, with a little groan, I squirted. She moved my cock around and rubbed it on her cheeks and down her chin and even across her forehead.
We cleaned up, and I pulled on my clothes. Jill was first to speak. "Candy, I'm so happy you invited me over here today and introduced me to your brother." She looked at me and said, "Thank you."
Candy smiled at me. "Big brother, we must do this again."
"Soon," I added.