After showering and gathering my books and tablet for class I enjoyed the sunny morning as I walked to class. I smiled happily, thinking back on the last 24 hours. I really like Matt, and we seemed like such a good match for each other. I was really starting to fall for him.
I sat down next to Tanya, the only friend I could convince to take econ with me. She saw the smile on my face and chuckled, half-smirking as she asked "You got laid, didn't you?"
I blushed and nodded a bit, whispering "Matt and I finally did it."
She grinned at me "Well, tell me. How was it?"
I blushed even more and whispered back as the professor came up to the podium "I'm not telling you the details! I'm not like that."
She rolled her eyes at me, but I was spared further questions by the start of lecture. It was again fascinating. Or at least I thought it was. Tanya was busy on her phone texting someone, probably one of the multiple guys she was hooking up with. She was so different from me that way. She could, and often did, have sex with a random guy without thinking twice about it. To me sex meant something.
I took careful notes, paying close attention to the lecture. A few times the professor looked over at me and smiled. One of those times Tanya leaned over and whispered very softly "I think the prof has the hots for you too." I gave her a nasty look and ignored her.
As I was packing my stuff into my backpack at the end of class the professor came up to me. "April do you have time to come back to my office now? I'd like to discuss your last assignment."
The realization hit me hard. I had missed the assignment. I was so busy with Matt that I had completely forgotten about it. Oh crap!
The professor looked at me and raised an eyebrow as he saw the horrible realization on my face.
"I've been watching your work April. You have real promise. But it's not like you to skip an assignment."
"Oh Professor, I'm so sorry! I somehow completely forgot. Is there anything I can do - please??" I was almost begging at this point.
"Come to my office, and we'll discuss it."
I followed him back to his office mentally kicking myself for forgetting. How could I have been so stupid? Was this going to kill my grade?
He opened the door and stepped in. I followed, and he shut the door behind us.
"Sit please April."
He sat on the edge of his desk looking down at me as I sat in front of him. "Your work up to now has been stellar April. You have a real gift for economics. You should consider graduate studies in economics. I blushed, flattered. He continued. "But can you tell me why you didn't turn in your last assignment?"
I stammered, blushing deeply. "I -- I, um, had a lot of, um, personal stuff going on, and I forgot."
The professor nodded slightly. "I understand. Was it a guy?"
I blushed and nodded.
The professor chuckled a bit and stood up. "Oh to be 20 again. Regardless, a great economist cannot let romantic interests get in the way. You need to learn. Stand up."
I trembled, standing, looking at him, confused.
He gave me a fatherly smile. "Now place your hand on the desk and bend over."
I stammered "W-what?"
"I'm going to spank you April. That way you'll learn your lesson and remember to do your assignments."
I gasped, protesting. "You can't! that's against the rules!"
He guided me to lean forward by pressing on my back. "Well, I could give you a zero on that assignment if you prefer."
I trembled and leaned forward, hands on his desk, butt sticking out.
He slid my yoga pants down to my thighs exposing my underwear and eliciting a startled shriek from me. "What are you doing?"
Suddenly smack, his hand spanked me hard. I yelped loudly.
He shook his head. "You need to be quiet April." He pulled a cloth out of a drawer, wadded it up and stuffed it into my mouth as a gag. My eyes widened in shock and then suddenly smack, he spanked me again. He kept spanking me, harder each time. It must have been at least 20 hard blows. My butt was bright red and aching, tears rolling down my cheeks when he stopped.
He pulled my pants back up and removed the cloth from my mouth. He patted my back gently and returned to his fatherly voice. "You have a lot of potential as an economist. I would like to invite you to join my research group. Come over for dinner with my wife and I on Friday, and we'll discuss it?"
I stood, still shaking a bit. I wiped the tears away and looked at him, still blushing deeply, trying to process what just happened. "A-are you -- are you serious?" He was one of the most well-known economists in the country.
He nodded. "I don't kid around April. You have real talent. I want you on my team. We'll discuss specifics on Friday. You can go now. But remember - don't ever miss an assignment again. I'm at stickler for deadlines."
I gathered my stuff and quickly headed for the door. "Thank you for giving me another chance Professor, and for inviting me to your research group. I look forward to dinner on Friday."