Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 1
Once again, a sizable crowd had gathered in the showroom. By now, of course, everyone had heard of the Strip-Off game show, where female contestants were forced to participate in humiliating and exposing challenges to keep their bodies covered throughout the show. It didn't hurt that those girls were forced to wear the same suits they wore on the show at all times- many curious viewers had come to the showroom to see what exactly was going on to compel so many girls to walk around naked outside for weeks on end.
As before, spotlights shone upon Arrow Ace, the show's gracious and charismatic androgynous host, as the theme music for the show played and a sexy-looking banner dropped from the ceiling. Arrow was wearing a white suit with a flamboyant top hat, a look completed by Arrow's devious grin.
Arrow introduced the show: "Welcome, and for some of you, welcome back! This is... Strip-Off Season Two! I'm your host, Arrow Ace! Who's ready for some more shameless perversion!?"
The crowd cheered in affirmation.
Arrow cleared their throat. "I'm they/them, by the way. I forgot to mention it last season. Completely slipped my mind. Anyways- let us introduce this season's contestants...! As with last season, introduce yourself, and tell us why you're here on this show. First up, a returning contestant! Lilith Nightowl!"
Another spotlight shone down on the stage, far to Arrow's left. A young woman with fair skin, straight brown hair and glasses stepped forward, smiling and waving at the crowd. She was wearing a futuristic-looking, skin-tight suit that looked comfortable enough to walk around in all day. She blushed a bit at the applause, but showed no signs of being particularly shy about her small breasts or relatively modest body.
Arrow handed her their microphone. "I'm Lilith Nightowl, age 21, the most prudish contestant from the last season of Strip-Off. Thanks to the punishment I received for not exposing my body too much, I was forced to be here... but honestly, the punishment for being prudish was more fun than I thought, and after being exposed as a naughty kitty in public for a few weeks, I feel a lot more confident and sexy. Also," she added, "I have to admit, the show was fun and the money is enticing. It's an honor to be on the show again- can't wait to see what challenges you have this time, Arrow!"
Arrow took back the mic. "Yes, of course. Thank you, Lilith, for joining us here! I do have to say, you've changed a LOT since the previous season. Now, next up is... Isabelle Grey!"
A spotlight shone on a tall, tan woman with black hair and toned muscles. One could make out a faint six-pack through her shirt. Her hair was done in a pixie cut, and her appearance was somewhat boyish, despite her C-cup boobs.
Arrow gave the mic to Isabelle, who seemed a bit nervous. "Hi. I'm Isabelle Grey, age 23. I do manual labor- stuff like moving things in a warehouse, and whatnot. I'm, uh... I'm Lilith's butch girlfriend. I'm on the show because I wanted to support her, as she has to participate due to the punishment from last season."
Arrow took the mic. "Yes, you were supporting her quite well during the first part of her punishment. I recall you being very, very satisfied, seeing Lilith naked and begging like a cat..."
Isabelle replied: "Well, I don't get many chances to be dominant in the bedroom. Even though I'm a butch, Lilith tends to... uh..." She blushed, trailing off gradually.
Lilith smirked at this. "You're so cute," she said, causing Isabelle to blush further.
Arrow rolled their eyes. "Great, we got a lovey-dovey lesbian couple. Enough flirting- next contestant! Maya Tauros!"
The spotlight shone on a third contestant, a fiery-looking, dark-skinned woman with red streaks in her hair and an ear piercing in her left ear. She was fairly curvy, her large breasts catching the attention of the audience. She grinned, putting her hands on her hips.
"I'm Maya Tauros, age 24, a florist. I'm here to piss off my sleazebag of an ex-boyfriend. The fucker was such a prude- didn't want to have sex until marriage. I went along with it, 'cause I loved him, but he turns around and cheats on me, the bastard! AND now that I've broken up with him, he has the GALL to tell me to not have sex with anyone else! So, I'm here on an explicitly sexual show where I get the chance to show off my body to a buncha lesbians JUST to mess around with his religious, homophobic, possessive ego."
Arrow raised an eyebrow. "Well, someone's got sass! I like it! Just, don't expose yourself on purpose as Shelley did. That made for a REALLY boring character."
Maya nodded. "I want to humiliate my ex, not myself. I'll be keeping this suit on my body as much as I can, thanks."
Arrow breathed a sigh of relief. "THANK you. And, now, last but not least... uh. How do I pronounce this...?" Arrow looked at a notecard, sighing. "The only contestant on this show so far who has asked to be introduced by her internet persona username, Xx_PuppyGirlBitch_xX with dog emojis at both ends. Uh, let's just shorten that to 'Pup' for the sake of our viewers."
Pup was a bouncy, cheery, and energetic woman with black hair. Her skin was light brown. Her hair had dyed blond tips. She had decent boobs and curves on her, something the audience appreciated, and she spun around for the audience before introducing herself.
"Hiya, I'm Pup! My real name is a secret, and also, a lady NEVER tells her age. I'm an influencer! I'm everywhere on the internet- I'm an online streamer, a content creator, and a popular user on pretty much any social media platform you can think of. I've done voice acting, and even some real acting in some minor films! I'm on this show because I want the fame- I want everyone to hear my username and instantly know who that is!"
Arrow raised an eyebrow. "Goodness. I mean, fame is great, but do you really want to be famous for... er... this kind of thing?"
Pup giggled. "Of course, silly! Fame is fame! I'm thinking of acting for porn or doing some work as a camgirl once my name is associated with being naughty, rather than just streaming video games, acting like a cutie, and making tier lists. I want to be a part of EVERYTHING, and that includes the sex industry!"
The audience clapped for the four contestants, and they all bowed.
Arrow cleared their throat. "Ahem. Now that they have been introduced, I'd like to announce a few things. Firstly, there has been a change in the format. Having five contestants is a big hassle, logistics-wise, and our budget is a bit stretched this month, which is why there are only four contestants. If you want us to have more contestants on the show, please support us by buying our merch and donating to get VIP status- more information on our website. But, it's not all bad. This time around, since we have an even number of players, we will be having pair games!"
The audience cheered at this. Pair games obviously meant explicitly sexual stuff would happen, at least on this kind of show.
Arrow explained. "Here is how it works. All of you who were watching last season know that the point of the show is that the contestants participate in sexy challenges, and that they lose clothes based on how well they do. Well, last time the challenges were individual, but THIS time, we will randomly have the contestants pair up for each challenge! One pair will win, and one pair will lose- the pair that loses will BOTH lose 2 pieces of their suits. In the event of a tie, everyone loses one piece of clothing. There are 5 challenges, and 5 pieces of the suit to lose- it's been calculated so that in theory, all contestants can be naked and equally humiliated at the end of the game. Oh, and like last time, the girls have to wear their suits and nothing but their suits at ALL TIMES until this season ends. So if you catch a girl outside naked next month, that's probably a contestant from this show!"
Lilith raised her hand. "Excuse me- are the two end-of-season punishments for the most prude and the most slutty contestant still going to be implemented?"
Arrow nodded. "Yes, they will be, so Lilith, you better act a bit sluttier than last time if you don't want to be featured in Season 3! The audience will get tired of you!" The audience laughed a little, but they all knew that they would never tire of seeing Lilith's naked body. "Oh, and also, if everyone is equally naked, and nobody has a 'Special Punishment' from having to strip off clothes they don't have, we will be giving out a 'Special Reward' to all contestants, instead of having the audience vote on who to punish!"
Maya snorted. "Phooey. You think that contestants desperate enough to be on a sex show of all things would be willing to work together, without cheating ONCE, to get everyone equally naked for a special reward we know nothing about?" The other girls seemed to agree, nodding.
Arrow shrugged. "I dunno, I just thought it would be like a cool 'jackpot' sort of feature to spice up the dynamics of the game. Any more questions?"
Pup raised her hand. "This one is a bit of a personal one. We don't know you too well, Arrow!"
Arrow smiled. "Go ahead!"
Pup asked: "Why are you hosting a sex show if you're asexual?"
Arrow Ace seemed confused. "Eh? I'm not asexual."
The entire audience was stunned into silence. Arrow continued scratching their head. "What? I have a loving husband at home. I'm pansexual. Jeez, what about me makes me look asexual?"
Silence resonated through the hall.
Lilith finally spoke up. "...well, you've never shown any sign of arousal at any contestant, despite talking dirty about them every chance you get. Also, your name..."
Arrow threw up their hands. "It's a perfectly normal name! I just stopped getting aroused for others once I had my deliciously hot husband to satisfy my sexual needs."
Lilith shrugged. "Okay, fair, but that brings us back to the original question. If you have a husband and never get aroused for anyone else, why are you running a sex show?"
Arrow shook their head. "Well, let me ask you this, Lilith- would you stop appreciating fine art once you got married?"
"No."
"And do you ever become sexually attracted to fine art? Ever feel like cheating on your girlfriend with a beautiful statue hand-crafted by a great artist?"
"No."
"Really? You don't even masturbate to nude statues and other lewd-related art?"
"No! That's not the point of the art..."
Arrow smiled, as if to say that was the point. "You see, just like others appreciate art forms like music and paintings and sculpture, I appreciate the beauty and grace inherent in sex. I love watching sex of ALL kinds- BDSM, vanilla, lesbian, gay, anal, oral, and whatever other perversions humanity likes to partake in- not because it turns me on, but because it is BEAUTIFUL! Sex is the ultimate act of intimacy between humans, the culmination of love, and the most dramatic and emotionally-charged moment in someone's life! I mean hell, there is even a part called a 'climax!' Sex is ART, and I am but a humble appreciator of it- how could I possibly ruin such masterful art by inserting myself into it? I only directly partake in it with my husband. That's why I run this show- to create ART, to make situations where all sorts of people do all kinds of new, sexual things together, and to share it with the world! I wanted to have guys included on the show, but alas, thanks to rampant sexism, women are better for the ratings..."
The audience seemed genuinely moved by Arrow's speech, and some of them even swore off masturbation.
Arrow added, "Oh, um, I didn't mean that you CAN'T or SHOULDN'T masturbate to art. That's just how I choose to enjoy my art. Please, go ahead and jerk off. Art is for your enjoyment after all- especially if that art is a bunch of hot, sexy ladies competing in sex games!"
The audience members immediately retracted their swearing off on masturbation, by masturbating to the hot women in skin-tight suits on stage.
"Much better," Arrow said, straightening their top hat. "Now- let the games begin!"