The Healer Madame Vo cures Sarah's problems just in time for Halloween
Warnings:This story includes a mini orgy, group sex, and bisexuality
*********
PART ONE: Halloween Blues
"Are you going to the party?" Louise asked me. She felt she already knew my answer.
"After what happened the last three times, no, I think not," I said. "I'll just stay home and feel sad and lonely. But you should go and have a good time!"
"I have an idea. There's this woman you should see. People say she has the gift," Louise said.
"What gift might that be?" I asked.
"She has the power to make you a slut for one night. You're still in control, but you can enjoy the attention of any man -- or men -- that you like," Louise said.
"Slut for a Night? Is that like Queen for a Day? Are you nuts?" I mocked.
"Hey, what have you got to lose? Nothing else is working for you. Give it a try. You're still on the pill, right?" I nodded, consumed with sadness. The eternal optimist, that's me, no matter how pointless it seemed. "Here's her card; I picked up an extra for you," Louise said, and she handed me a business card. It said,
Madame Vo: Psychic Powers to Heal your Problems
"So, she's a general crank? Not just romance?"
Louise looked annoyed. Suddenly it dawned on me that Louise had her card, even an 'extra card' for me!
"Wait a minute, Lou! Have you gone to Madame Vo??" I asked, as I realized that she had.
Louise just smiled. "Give it a shot," she said.
***********
Louise had it all. She was stunningly pretty, and she could go after any man she wanted, and she'd have a reasonable chance of success. She didn't even have to sleep with him on the first date. The guy would keep coming back, always hoping for a chance at more of her luscious body, until she surrendered and gave him the ultimate prize.
Of course, sometimes the guy would get his chance, and when Louise surrendered and shut off all the brakes, he'd get whatever he wanted, and he'd get it in spades, but only once Louise was sure he'd keep coming back. Louise was my idea of perfection. If I hadn't been such a chronic depressive, I'd have been jealous as hell. If I had been a lesbian, I'd have been all over her in a heartbeat.
I went to Madame Vo, finally, but I brought Rick with me, for a courage boost. Rick was my best friend since we were both eight years old. We were now both twenty-five, and Rick had come out in high school, after dating Stephanie for a year. Stephanie had given Rick her virginity, and she was not happy to learn that Rick was gay.
Rick was still, even today at age 25, my best friend, my ballast, my primary hope for the world. Rick was my shining light in a sea of darkness. Best of all, he knew me. He knew my secrets. He even knew about the rape that had paralyzed my love life, and that had sunk me into an inescapable depression.
I had never told Rick who the rapist was. I didn't want Rick doing something stupid that would land him in jail. And no, I had never told the police. And no, I never got counseling. I just suffered, and blamed myself. Rick had long ago stopped trying to talk me into taking positive actions.
Rick, though, was thrilled I was going to see Madame Vo. Even if she was a crank, and we both agreed that she surely was one, at least for once I was doing something! I hadn't let a man get near me for the last four years, for Pete's sake. I had to do something to get on with my life. If it was a crank like Madame Vo that got me finally to act, so be it.
Rick and I were both surprised when we went to see Madame Vo. Her office was not some hovel on St. Mark's place, surrounded by tattoo parlors and seedy Second Avenue Bars. It was not some tacky place close to Times Square, with tarot cards and crystal balls. It was simply not what we thought.
Madame Vo Was around fifty years old. She was Asian, pretty with a nice body, and she looked like she could have been a friend of my mother. She reminded me of someone my mother could have played bridge with. Her office was in a gleaming skyscraper on Lexington Avenue. It was a small office, but still, it was not what we expected.
"Welcome Sarah and Rick," she said. "Please sit down and relax."
Okay that was weird from the beginning. I hadn't told her our names. I mean she knew my last name was Collins, but I had not given her my given name. I made the appointment as Ms. Collins, although I did give my telephone number and my email on the online form. Rick's presence should have been a complete surprise to her. Yet it was as if she had been expecting both of us to come for a long time.
"I took the liberty of doing a digital workup on you, Sarah. I've hacked your PC, looked deeply into your Facebook pages, read your emails, texts, and posts, and let me say from the beginning about how sorry I am that you went through that horrid rape. The man Mike who raped you is now in jail, by the way. He's going away for rape. He raped three more women after you, and one of them went to the police."
"Was it Mike Renegarde who raped Sarah?" Rick asked.
"Yes, of course. Surely you had that figured out. You must have suspected, Rick. Isn't that why you stopped having anything to do with him?" Madame Vo replied.
Rick closed my open mouth. Madame Vo somehow knew facts I had told to nobody! I was in such a state of shock that I couldn't speak.
"As I understand it, you want the rape erased from your mind, and in addition you want to be able to seduce any man (or men) you choose. Or is it women you like? I'm getting some interesting vibrations here," Madame Vo said. "You have unusual sexual desires, Sarah."
"The 'unusual vibrations' are from me, Madame Vo," Rick said.
"Yes, of course you would think that. I understand. You don't know, I'm sure, that the vibes from a gay man are very different from the vibes of a bisexual woman," Madame Vo said to Rick.
I managed to speak. "I'm not bisexual, Madame Vo."
"Sarah, you're right, or maybe I should say that your friend Louise is right in what she told you I could do, but I'm afraid I have no powers to alter a person's sexual orientation. You are what you are, I'm afraid, even if you do not want to be," Madame Vo said. She added, "I can't change you from being bisexual."
"But I'm not!" I protested, a bit too loudly. I recalled Queen Gertrude in Hamlet when someone said, "The lady doth protest too much, methinks."
Yes, she was condescending, but she was so damned nice about it, I didn't care.
"I have nothing against bisexuality, but I think I'd know if I were sexually attracted to women. I'm not." Yes, I really am protesting too much. What's wrong with me? "Anyway, about what you said you could do: Can you, really?" I asked.
"I said it's what Louise told you that I could do, not what I said I could do. In any event, well, yes, Louise is correct. I don't do it for free, however. I have to pay the rent on this office, pay the mortgage on my apartment on Central Park West, and my enormous restaurant bill. That said, I do give payment options," she said.
"What are the payment options?" I asked. I knew her fee was ten thousand dollars, which I couldn't really afford.
"We can discuss that later. I don't discuss such things until I've proven myself to you. I suggest you go to the Halloween party. Rick can be your escort. I'll enter your mind and help you choose a seductive outfit to buy for the party. First, though, I have to wipe your mind of the rape, and repair the damage it has done to your sexual desires," she said. "They really are extraordinary, your repressed desires."
I looked alarmed, I suppose.
Madame Vo continued, "I know, for example, that currently you are frigid, and have been for several years. After my treatment, you will get wet at the drop of a zipper."
"Really? You can do that?" I asked, both disbelieving but wanting to believe.
Madame Vo smiled. "Rick has to leave us. He can wait for us in the other room. There's magazines he'll like. I need you alone, and completely naked. I'll need you to channel every iota of submissiveness that's in your being. Men like women who are submissive, you know. When we're done, you will be maximally submissive and near constantly aroused."
"I can't wait!" I said.
Rick left, and I stripped naked. I was beginning to believe Madame Vo. My intellectual brain knew it was all poppycock, but my sexual self so wanted it to be true. Madame Vo was no doubt counting on that.
"Yes, you're right," Madame Vo said, apparently reading my thoughts, although I was sure that was not possible. "Believing in me makes everything so much easier. Good for you, Sarah. Now open your mind to me. Let me enter into your mind, the deep dark corners, everything. Do not hold back. I need complete access. Things might get strange."
The lights went out. Madame Vo had a big picture window but suddenly it was dark; the window was opaque. It got cold, too, and I could feel my nipples harden in the cold.
"Let me take your hands in mine," Madame Vo said. Holding her hands, I felt myself floating. I had felt like that once before, when I vaped some THC. No, this was different. I was in control of my floating.
OMG Madame Vo was inside my head. I felt as if my head were an attic, and there was Madame Vo, clumsily rummaging around through my things, kicking up dust all over the place. Some of the memories she overturned hurt like small sharp pains; other gave me a warm glow. I had no idea what she was doing in my attic of a head, but she sure was doing it a lot.
I think she was in my head for an hour, turning things over, rearranging things, and making a horrendous mess of my head. I'm an orderly person. I vacuum daily, do the dishes promptly after every meal, and always, always make my bed upon waking. Having my head turned into a cyclone of a mess should have upset me, but it just didn't. I remained strangely calm.
Things got even stranger.
I gently fell back down onto the floor and I felt a compelling urge to spread my legs. I was naked, and spread them wide. I felt as if my kitten were wet, but I knew it couldn't be. I never got wet anymore. Then I had the strangest sensation of my life.
I felt like I was about to poop, but to do it through my vagina. I wondered if this is how childbirth could feel, except there was no pain, and no baby with her head popping out. No, instead I saw a ghostly white mist exit from my vag. It kept exiting, tons of it. I must have lay like that for a good ten minutes as white mist rushed out of my vag. My body seemed to be expelling the mist.
Small secretions were escaping from my nipples, too. Madame Vo opened my mouth and I saw obscured images of a man's cock (my rapist's cock?) exiting my mouth, and then little drops of something viscous which I figured was years old drops of a man's cum. The only orifices untouched were my two ears. That was good: I have a thing about my ears.
As I expelled the white ghostlike mist from my vag, I began to feel better. The more my body expelled, the better I felt. I began to feel euphoric, as if I had just taken ecstasy again. I knew, however, Madame Vo had not slipped me any drugs. All I knew for sure, was that I was beginning to feel happy, I mean truly happy. A huge weight had been lifted. The millstone of chronic depression was exiting my vagina, disguised as white mist. It was remarkable; truly remarkable. The traces of Mike the rapist were leaving via my mouth and nipples.
I collapsed onto my back and fell into what I can only describe as a coma, even if I could still hear during it. During my coma, Madame Vo went out and got Rick. She told him not to let me go after any men until the Halloween Party. She explained I needed time to recover.
Rick was shocked to see me lying naked on the floor, my legs spread wide, and white mist still exiting my vagina, viscous drops of fluid oozing from my nipples, and every so often a bizarre phantom vaguely phallic shape exiting repeatedly from my open mouth. I had an ethereal smile on my face, even in my coma. Madame Vo gave Rick a robe to cover me with, but only once I awoke.
"I've made her a submissive exhibitionist, which she was anyway, although she had no idea she was. I just wiped away the suppression that was keeping her a prude. Lucky that she has such a nice body, right?" Madame Vo said, as I lay there naked, in my coma, with white mist still exiting my body through my vagina.
Rick nodded weakly. He had never seen me naked before, of course, or anything of me besides what's normal to see, such as my face, arms, and legs up to the bottom of a skirt. I noticed, just by chance, Rick had an erection tenting his pants, from seeing my naked body in such a wanton position. I guess maybe he was not as totally gay as he claimed to be?
"It smells of sex in here, Madame Vo," Rick said.
"It's the essences leaving her body. Her body is purifying itself. The white mists are bad memories. She has a lot of them, I'm afraid. Sarah will be relentlessly happy when she wakes. She'll also want sex with any man she can find, and right away. If you love her, and I know you do, you must make sure that does not happen. She has to stay pure until Halloween. That's essential. Sex before then could be very dangerous. Do you understand?" she said.
"There's stuff oozing out of her nipples," Rick said.
"Your friend Sarah was a busy girl before the rape, and all the cum dumped in her mouth, anus, and of course vagina, leaves memories, which are now oozing out of her nipples. As I said, she is self-purifying" Madame Vo replied. .
"When will the mists and the oozing, and the disturbing shapes emanating from her mouth all stop? The smell is really putrid," Rick asked.
Madame Vo smiled. "I don't know everything, you know. They could stop at any time, or continue through tonight and into tomorrow. She'll need to stay naked and keep her legs spread until the mists stop. It's a good thing you're gay, Rick, but I can see you nevertheless want to fuck Sarah. After all, you've loved her almost your entire life."
"Looking at her body spread out like that, I'm no longer sure I'm 100% gay," Rick said. He could feel his member stirring. "My God, she has a sexy body."
"Most women have sexy bodies, Rick. Sarah's attraction to you is her body and pretty face, to be sure, but mostly it's your love for her. Sex expresses lust, that's obvious, but often a large part of desire comes with affection and love, especially in the case of women," Madame Vo said.
"Well then, I'll keep her here until it's safe for her to go home. It may not be safe to entrust her to your care in her current state. I'll contact you when it's time to come get her, okay? I took the liberty of entering your head for your cell phone number. Text message okay, or would you prefer a telephone call?" Madame Vo asked.
"You know everything else; don't you know which I'd prefer?" Rick asked.
"Texting it is, then," she said.
Rick took one more lingering look at my super sexy body, all naked, legs splayed and wide open, with ugly smelling white mist continually exiting my vag, and he left.
**********
It was hard to wait for the Halloween Party, but my being so happy and carefree made it tons easier. Madame Vo had been right. I could now remember nothing at all about my rape, not even who had raped me. I still knew I had been raped, but somehow, I no longer cared.
The best thing was when I went to the movies and there was a sexy man in the lead role, I got so wet looking at him that my panties actually got wet. It was thrilling and shocking at how different my world had become.
Best of all, I was happy. Everyone could tell; my friends, neighbors, and my colleagues at work, all noticed and liked the sudden change in me. Madame Vo entered my mind by mutual agreement and she went shopping with me for a Halloween costume. I appeared to be alone, but inside my head I was in a constant conversation with the good old Madame.
I ended up dressed as the world's sexiest witch. I had a black miniskirt with fishnet hold up stockings underneath. There was a nice gap of creamy white thigh visible above my hold ups and below the hem of my skirt. I wore knee high black boots, too.
On top I wore an ultra-thin black sweater, with a peek-a-boo bra underneath, so my nipples could poke at the sweater unimpeded by the fabric of my bra. The sweater had a plunging V neck, too, and around my neck, dangling into the V, I wore a green snake necklace. The head of the snake hung right between my almost naked boobs. Madame Vo had insisted on that particular necklace, which I found in a small jewelry store in the East Village.
The jewelry store was manned by a young woman, but I asked so many questions that she got the manager to speak with me. He was a man around 60 years of age, and I inexplicably felt a huge attraction to him, I don't know why. I was wearing the green snake necklace even in the store before I had bought it, at Madame Vo's insistence. The man, who had the strange name of Elric, was wearing the same necklace, but the gold version.
"Come with me," Elric said, and I followed him submissively into the back room. He took me in his arms and kissed me, and I melted. The man was like 35 years my senior, but I was horribly turned on just from his kiss. Madame Vo was with me, in my mind. It was not yet Halloween, it was the day before, but Madame Vo told me, inside my head, "It's okay; follow your urges. Watch the snakes."
When the kiss stopped, I looked down at my body and saw the two heads of the snakes, mine and Elric's. The snakes, whose heads were made of metal, had opened their mouths and were kissing each other, their forked tongues intertwined. I just stood there, mesmerized, watching the snakes. Elric's snake wrapped his tail, which in actuality was the colored the rope of the necklace, around the tail of my snake, and looked for her cloaca, which seemed magically to appear.
Elric's snake inserted something into my snake's cloaca, and damn if I didn't almost cum when that happened.
I had been so wrapped up -- so to speak -- with the mating of our two snake necklaces, that I was unaware that my blouse, skirt, bra, were gone. I became aware when my panties came off. I was wearing only my snake, and my black leather knee high boots.
Elric's hard cock, which looked disturbingly like a weapon, was out, too. Madame Vo and I had timed when I went on the pill, so I was okay vis à vis pregnancy risk, anyway, but did I want Elric's long snake inside me?
You bet I did! The snakes slithered down my body, seemingly defying gravity, and wrapped themselves around my boobs, tickling my nipples with their cute little forked tongues. I was sure I was hallucinating.
Elric finally spoke. "If you buy the snake necklace and wear it on Halloween, l'll fuck you now, Sarah. I know you want me to fuck you. You need it," he said.
I lay on my back on his daybed, my legs spread wide, and I said "Deal."
I looked down at my boobs and saw the snakes would around them. "Curious necklaces, aren't they?" I asked. I was sure I was hallucinating. Elric didn't answer, he just climbed on top of me. His dick was only semi hard. "Need some help?"
Elric nodded, and the two snakes hissed, and I took Elric's cock inside my mouth, paying special attention to the cockhead. As I sucked Elric's cock I felt Elric's snake necklace, the golden one, slither down my body to the point where its head was at my clit. The snake's forked tongue kept jutting out and touching my clit, giving me shivers as I sucked away.
Elric pushed me off his cock, turned me over, raised my ass, and plunged into my pussy like a Mack truck. He had no subtlety, no finesse, just raw power. It was exactly what my submissive self told me I needed. The gold snake continued with my clit while Elric and I fucked, and my own snake, the green one, slithered around to my ass.
I was in lust overload when my green snaked slithered into my asshole during the action. This drove me to a huge orgasm and I screamed so loudly, the cute little salesgirl came running into the back to see what the trouble was. There I was,in flagrante delicto, panting as Elric brutally punished my cunt that was aching for it, while the snakes worked their magic in tandem. The salesgirl snapped a few cell phone pictures, of course. I was too out of it to notice.
Two orgasms later, my first three in four years, I emerged, dressed again, wearing the green necklace, which to my surprise was not covered in my shit. "The snakes are self-cleaning," the salesgirl said, answering my unasked question. I paid for the snake. Elric emerged and said, "Remember, wear the snake on Halloween."
The next day I got two emails, I guess they must have been from the salesgirl at the jewelry store. The first one was a receipt for my purchase, and the second one was three pictures. The pictures were worthy of a high-class porn site. You could see Elric's cock half inside me, and it was even just a little blurred from the motion.
Another photo had a slight movement before it settled on a picture, a new feature of some of the high send iPhones. I saw my breasts heaving, and actually heard part of a moan I was uttering as Elric ravaged me.
What I was fascinated by, however, was the snakes. I knew one snake was at my clit and the other was busy in my ass during one of the pictures. I was sure of it. Yet, in the photos, the snakes were just inanimate necklaces, the green one around my, and the gold one around Elric's, neck. So that clinched it in my mind: I had hallucinated, but what a fabulous hallucination!
PART TWO: Halloween Itself
I dressed in my ultra-short black skirt, with my fishnet hold up stockings, and my big black boots. I had a temporary witch tattoo on my right thigh, visible between the top of the hold ups and the hem of my skirt. Part of the tattoo disappeared under the skirt, and that was the point.
I work my peek-a-boo bra, as planned, under my ultra-thin black V neck sweater with its plunging V, and -- of course -- my green snake necklace, the one where my hallucinations had let to some wild sex in the back of the East Village jewelry shop, with old man Elric. It was the first sex in over four years, and I was enthralled, unable to get it out of my mind.
I had tasted once again the pleasures of the flesh, and I wanted more. I wanted much more. I silently thanked Madame Vo for having worked her magic, and also Louise, for having urged me to go to Madame Vo in the first place. Rick was my date for the party, although since he was gay, he was also on the lookout for some other like-minded men.
My green snake necklace was a big hit. Everyone commented on it, and they all seemed to be drawn to it. I danced with lots of men. They were all behaved; a little dirty dancing, sure, but hell, I enjoyed having them rub their cocks against my skirt.
At one point, and don't ask how it came about, I ended up dancing with two men, Ryan and Mark. They liked dirty dancing, too, and they were both rubbing against me, one in front of me, and one in back of me. The guy in back of me began kissing my neck as he rubbed his cock against the slit of my ass, but I just let it go, pretending not to notice. Yeah, right.
Somehow the guy dancing against my front learned of my passive acceptance of the other guy's neck kiss, maybe by a wink, and he leaned in and kissed me on the lips! There was no way I could pretend to ignore that. I did what any good little submissive would do: I kissed him right back. We kissed for quite a while when suddenly my body was ripped around in a 180 and I was kissing the guy who used to be behind me!
Two men wanted me? I had figured Elric was a fluke: a horny old man would love to fuck any willing 25-year-old bimbo. I had thoroughly enjoyed it, but all it did was to convince me I was, in fact, a true slut. Now, apparently, I had the chance to nail down my slut coffin. Did I want to do that?
Emboldened by my lack of any resistance, I suppose, the two men took things a step further and began running their hands over my body, even as they continued to kiss me. Okay, even I had to admit this was going a bit far. I didn't even know either of the guys. Luckily the music ended, and I immediately pulled away from their four hands (that seemed like eight!) and ran to the safety of my posse: Rick, Louise, Sylvia, and Andrea.
People, though, had noticed how slutty I was behaving, and lots of guys came over and asked me to dance. Madame Vo had worked her magic, apparently, because I was unable to say no to anyone. I was dancing the night away, until suddenly someone dimmed the lights.
He appeared. He walked over to me. I didn't know who He was; all I knew, and all that mattered, was his necklace. He was wearing an open, silk shirt, and wrapped around his neck with the head pointing straight down, just like mine, was Elric's gold, snake necklace. I forced myself to tear my eyes from his necklace, and I saw a smiling face, with twinkling, deep green eyes. Damn, he was handsome!
"Hello," I said, not knowing what else to do. I learned that he called himself Ben, and I danced the rest of the party with him. I was completely in his thrall. He behaved correctly, not trying to kiss me or molest me, unlike Ryan and Mark. All my friends clearly liked Ben, and when the party was ending, Sylvia asked all of us over to her place to continue the fun.
Ryan and Mark joined Sylvia, Louise, Ben, and me. Andrea and some guy she had picked up came too, who called himself John. Rick had struck out romantically too, even though quite a few gay men were at the party, but he joined us, too. He wasn't ready to call it a night, being in a state of total frustration. Welcome to my world, I thought. Then I corrected myself: Welcome to my world before Madame Vo!
Sylvia's place was small, and it was a bit intimate with the ten of us there, but after an hour or so Andrea and John left. It was pretty clear to all of us that they were headed off for some serious intimacy. We were eight once they left, and things began to happen. Sylvia and Ryan left for her bedroom. I was surprised when only minutes later we heard bed squeaks and Sylvia's moans even penetrating the closed door to her bedroom.
That left Mark, Louise, Ben, Rick, and me. All four of them were looking at me with lust in their hearts, reflected in their eyes. I kind of shrank from the collective gaze. Then He approached me. He said nothing, but he held my head in his two hands and he kissed me. I was mesmerized. I felt I had no choice but to return his kiss.
I got so lost in Ben's kisses that I didn't even notice Louise undressing me. I did notice my bra coming off, and of course I noticed someone pulling my panties down, but for some reason I was lost in a haze of pleasure from Ben's kisses. The world was only Ben and me just then. I didn't even realize I was now naked, wearing only my knee-high boots, in front not only of Ben, but also in front of Mark, Louise, and Rick.
Ben's hands were gently pushing me to my knees. Ben had his pants off and his erect cock was sticking out. My goodness, he had a big cock. I knew what he wanted. I had done this to many a man before the rape paralyzed me, but now that paralysis was gone. I felt free, sexually liberated from my icebox of frigidity. Why not help myself to a taste?
It had been years since I'd sucked a cock, but it's like riding a bicycle; one simply never forgets how delicious it is to do that to a man. God, they really seem to like it, and Ben was no exception. I admit it, in my day, my cock sucking skills were vaunted. Ben was groaning as I applied my technique.
It was really not that special. Apparently, I did something with my tongue that drives men nuts. I pumped the base of his cock with my hand while the sensitive head was in my mouth. I dropped his cock to suck his balls, and I hummed while I sucked. Then came the climax when I took his entire schlong down my throat. I could still do that! Oh, happy day.
Ben removed his cock, to my surprise, and he bent me over the edge of Sylvia's couch. I wasn't ready to be fucked! Suddenly I realized everyone was watching us, and Mark was committing it all to a cell phone video. I became embarrassed and said, "No, Ben. I can't do this."
By the time I got the words out, his cock was at my entrance. I felt it there. It began to go in, even though I had said no! I stood up. His cock fell out. I hid behind Louise, for protection. Rick stepped up.
"Sarah said no. No means no, Ben. I'm sorry, but that's the way it is," Rick said.
That's when my snake necklace went into action. Wrapping itself around my neck, my necklace pulled me, choking, over to Ben. Our two necklaces went into a love dance, with Ben's snake looking for my snake's cloaca. Our necklaces began to fuck. Snakes fuck slowly, but snake necklaces? This was unchartered territory.
I fell backwards onto the couch, and our snakes pulled Ben on top of me. My legs were splayed and Ben fell between them. Suddenly his cock was at the entrance to my pussy.
"May I?" Ben asked.
My strength left me. I couldn't refuse him twice. I had just met him that night, plus it was in front of my friends Louise and Rick, not to mention Mark. Sylvia came out of her bedroom, dripping cum, also to watch. Only Ryan was missing the show.
"Yes," I said, softly.
Rick's eyes got big; he had thought, I guess, that I'd never fuck again. Well, special things happen on Halloween; everyone knows that. Our snake necklaces continued to fuck as Ben pushed his huge cock into me.
"My God, you're so wet, Sarah. Your pussy is the entrance to heaven, Ben said as he pumped in and out of me. I responded with a moan, and my moans got louder as Ben picked up the pace. I guess the snake necklaces finished their business, because they both slithered over my body, in full ravishment mode, and together they entered my asshole.
The anal entry, combined with Ben's furious, glorious fucking, drove me over the top and I screamed out my climax. My entire body quivered. Ben seemed not to notice, else not to care, because he pumped even faster after I had cum. I was beginning to lose it, when suddenly he went still and squirted deep inside me. He squirted a second time, then a third time, and at the third squirt I climaxed a second time.
Ben lay on top of me, his cock slowly getting flaccid inside me, as I breathed heavily, almost panting. The snakes were still wreaking havoc in my anus, causing me to continue quivering, as Ben began to get off me. Suddenly I noticed his snake was still in position around his neck, and it was nowhere near my anus. I looked down and mine was also stationary and in place.
I had had another hallucination involving those two necklaces. This was too bizarre. It had to be, somehow, the work of Madame Vo, now didn't it?
I closed my legs and lay, wantonly, on the couch. Rick had his pants off, and Louise was pushing him towards me. Rick? My best friend forever, my GAY best friend forever, had an erection the size of Montana and he wasn't heading toward Ben. No, he was heading towards me with that huge erection.
Didn't Rick know I had just been fucked to smithereens? What was going on?
Louise had her hand on Rick's back, pushing him towards me.
"Now's your chance, Rick," I heard Louise say. "Take the woman you love while she's in a daze. She could never refuse you. She loves you as much as you love her. Go for it, Rick, go for it!"
Rick climbed on top of me.
"Hi, Rick," I said. "I'm so embarrassed you saw that."
"I love you, Sarah," Rick said, as he got his cock in position.
"I love you too, Rick, but are you sure you want to do this? We can't undo it, oh, oh, OH!" I said, as I felt Rick enter me. "Oh my God, Rick!!"
Rick kissed me as we fucked, and I had never been kissed like that before. Ben had given me the fuck from heaven, but Rick? When you add the element of a long, never consummated love to the equation, nobody could compare to Rick. I loved every second of his fuck, every pump of his cock, every kiss from his lips, every tweak of my nipples, as he explored my body as if it were his personal toy while he fucked me.
My own Rick, my own gay best friend, was fucking me better than any heterosexual lover I had ever had. I was stunned; I was amazed. Most of all, I was in eros heaven. I climaxed only minutes after the fuck began, and then twice more as we fucked. My legs came up and wrapped around Rick's ass, pushing him deeper into me, not letting him go.
All good things come to end, and Rick's fuck came to end with an explosion of cum, as he added his jism to Ben's already inside me. When Rick finally finished, I was finished, I had nothing left. Louise didn't seem to understand that, however. She was now naked, apparently having been fucked by someone, presumably by Mark, but I didn't really know, and I didn't really care, except that I would have loved to see Louise -- especially Louise -- naked and getting fucked.
Louise replaced Rick on top of me and as our naked bodies were flush, she kissed me! I had never been kissed by a woman before, and nobody on earth had ever kissed me in the way Louise was kissing me. I had no choice but to kiss her back. At this point all rationality had left the building.
Louise slithered down my body and got her head in my crotch, between my legs, and oh my goodness she was eating me out, lapping the cum left there by Ben and then Rick. While she was munching away at my little muffin, her nose was inside my pussy a little, and her finger was rubbing my much too tender clit. A finger of her other hand had wormed its way to my backside and entered my asshole, and I lost it, exploding in yet another climax. I had by now lost count of how many I climaxes I had enjoyed.
As Louise was eating me out, she suddenly squealed as Ben began fucking her. He pulled Louise off of me and took her rear entry as he had first tried to do with me. Mark came over to me, flipped me onto my tummy, raised my ass in the air, and then he poked at my asshole with his cock. Luckily Mark's cock was normal, maybe even a bit small, so it didn't hurt that much -- although it hurt enough, I can safely say! -- when he brutally stuck it inside my anal passage. I squealed in alarm. I suspect I sounded like a pig, just then.
Ryan came out of Sylvia's bedroom, and he saw that Mark was not using my pussy. Nature and men abhor an empty hole. Men see a hole and they want to fill it. I suspect that's the appeal of golf. Men have these big clubs they swing around like huge penises; they hit the tiny balls with huge force, sending them flying through the air, in the hope they'll land in a tiny hole, as the ball were a metaphor for their sperm winging their way up the vagina canal in search of the woman's egg.
See my empty hole, since my kitty was still dilated from all the previous activity, Ryan simply
slipped his now engorged cock into my pussy. In contract to Mark, Ryan's cock was long and thick, and when he entered a woman, by George she knew it!
I had never before been double teamed, but I surely was being double teamed just then! I was groaning and moaning up a storm, but in the midst of it all, all I could think about was that Rick and I had made love.
I was having every girl's dream, whether being a loving fantasy or a nightmare, and I was almost unaware of it, as all I could think about was Rick, my Rick, my precious, loving, caring, and protecting hunk of a man, and that finally, after all these years, he had fucked me. Of course, that's what everyone seemed to be doing to me, but with Rick, it had been different. With Rick, we had made love.
I had often fantasized about making love with Rick, since he is the only man I had ever truly loved, but once he had come out as gay, I knew it would never happen, and I abandoned hope. Yet it had in fact happened, on this magical Halloween night. I mean, everyone was fucking me, but all I could think about was that Rick had fucked me. My Rick!
Of course, while my mind was lost in loving fantasies about Rick, my body was responding to being double teamed, as Ryan and Steve were relentless in my ass and pussy, and I was groaning and moaning up a storm.
Ryan was now lying beneath me, his long cock curved upward to enjoy my pussy, and the two men had a rhythm. I wondered if they could feel each other's cocks through the thin passage of flesh that separated the cock? I could sure feel both cocks! Boy, could I!
After both men had deposited their own loads of cum inside me I was officially a total mess. I was all sweaty and had cum dripping out of my seemingly from everywhere. I lay there, barely still conscious, but ethereally happy, and sexually both satisfied and satiated.
Everyone was staring at me, amazed I guess at everything I had happily allowed the men to do with my body. I wasn't a porn actress, paid to do this and pretend to like it, I was the real thing. I was a submissive slut who wanted -- nay, needed -- to (if you'll excuse the crude language), have had the shit fucked out of her. I was surprised and pleased that the men were only too happy to oblige me; but hey: It was Halloween!
Ben removed his snake necklace and gave it to Rick. When Mark and Ryan finished with me, I kissed everyone goodbye, including --yes -- Louise and Sylvia. Mark and Ryan had just fucked me, so of course I gave them loving kisses goodbye, and for Ben I gave an extra special one, and then Rick and I left, Rick with his arm around my waist, and me with my head resting lovingly on his shoulder.
"I meant it when I said I love you, Rick," I said. "I've wanted to fuck you my entire life."
"I love you too, Sarah. I always have. I'm as surprised as you are by what happened tonight," Rick said.
"The night is young. We're finally alone. Want to try again, lover boy?" I said.
"You could do that, after all you've been through just now?" Rick said, somewhat incredulously.
"Uh huh," I said, blushing a little in my shame.
"Your place or mine?" Rick asked.
"How about right here, in the park?" I asked. What was wrong with me, I asked myself.
"Do you think that's wise? It's Halloween. Others might want to enjoy you, too, just like at Sylvia's," Rick said.
"Our snakes will protect us," I said. "They're enchanted, you know." Somehow, I believed that, just then.
I don't think Rick was listening to me. He was bending me over a park bench, as he pushed up my ultra-short skirt and pushed my skimpy panties to the side. As he took me for a second time that night, even after I had revealed myself as the slut of the century, I knew I was his, and I always would be.
Sure, he was still gay. He'd have his gay affairs. Maybe I'd get it on with Louise from time to time; who knows? I knew if Louise were willing, I surely would be! Nevertheless, I knew that Rick would always be there for me, and always ready to fuck me and to give me, no, to give us, a couple of children. I'd always wanted children.
The world is a strange place. I knew Rick and I were a couple ordained by heaven. We would always love each other, just as we always had. God bless Madame Vo, and this was one Halloween I'd never forget. Ever.
Our horny snake necklaces were at it again, I noticed. Don't they ever get enough? Does anyone?
Epilogue:I went back to see Madame Vo in order to thank her in person, and to arrange payment. She hadn't answered her phone, and her web site was gone. I went to her office, and instead of Madame Vo, I found an accountant. I asked Louise about Madame Vo, and she had no idea what I was talking about.
I returned to the jewelry store in the East Village and the exact same salesgirl, who recognized me and smiled hello, claimed never to have heard of anyone named Elric. She complemented me on my snake necklace and appeared to be completely puzzled when I said I had bought it from her in the shop. She began to back away from me, as people do when they are dealing with someone crazy.
Leaving the store, I wandered around the East Village in a daze, nervous about my own sanity. I sat on a bench in Tompkins Square Park, even though it was only 40 degrees and both the bench and I were cold. I was trying to sort things out. Had this all been a hallucination? I began to get scared, when who should walk by but Ryan and Mark.
Would they know who I was? That question was answered when they sat on the bench on either side of me.
"Hello Sarah. How have you been?" Mark said.
I exhaled. Thank goodness, they exist and they remember me! I asked them to tell me what they liked best about the Halloween party, just to see what they'd say.
"You," they both said together, as they each snaked a hand under my skirt. Ryan kissed me, then pushed my head towards Mark, and he kissed me. At that point I knew: At least the party, and the goings on at Sylvia's, had not been a hallucination. I became more certain that my fuck with Elric had been real, too. I was sane!
In my joy over the realization that I was perfectly sane, I did not notice I was being undressed in public, on a park bench in a park in New York. My sweater was off, and my skirt was unzipped.
"You need to stop, boys. I can't do this in a public park," I said.
"We need to see your boobs, Sarah. They're the most divine sight in all the world," Ryan said.
"They are?" I asked. "You're just saying that to get me to take my bra off."
"Would we do that, really?" Mark said.
"Yes," I replied. "Yes, you would."
"We really need to see them again, maybe to kiss them and warm them up with our hands," Ryan said, and he touched my cheek with his hand. It was true, his hand was wonderfully warm. My boobs were already cold and my nipples felt like stone.
"Who am I to deny the needs of such big, strong men?" I asked. I removed my bra.
The three of us had a lot of fun that day and later, as I walked home full of cum, I tried to piece everything together. What had been real and what had not, and you know what I decided? It didn't matter. I loved being a submissive slut. I loved Rick and he loved me. I was happy again.