I wrote this story as a fantasy for someone specifically, and then decided to share.
Innocently he looked up from his walk just in time to see her disappear from view to anyone who might be watching from the sidewalk - should anyone be looking. He wasn't, or it least he wasn't until her movement caught his eye. She may have fallen. She may need help! It was his duty as a Good Samaritan to check on her, to make sure she was alright. At least that is the reason he gave to win the argument with himself.
He crept closer and as he peered through the window he could see her lying on her yoga mat, right knee up with her hand resting casually on it. Although she was alone and looking at no one, she had that look - you know, that look, the look that needs no further explanation but makes every man weak - yet at the same time eager to show their strength.
He ducked as she sat up and stared toward the window without seeing, emboldening him to take a step forward as she assumed the meditation pose. He was entranced with the beauty and sensuality she exuded for no one other than herself. She began her sun salutation routine as he watched; enjoying every pose. Finally at the end she relaxed into the meditation pose again.
Hypnotized, he watched her hand move as she began a new routine, a routine of her own design and meant purely for her own enjoyment and pleasure. He watched as her fingers stroked and caressed the center of her womanhood, strong then light, bold then timid - her breath almost matching the pace of her stroke.
Impeded by barriers and frustrated by limited access, she lifted her dress over her head, her body glistening with the beads of sweat commingling; some from her workout routine and some from her excitement. There are no words to describe the joy and ecstasy that show on a woman's face as she rides the crescendo of her own stimulation thru to her mind blowing climax and ultimately the release and relief that spreads across her face.
Although she had been completely exposed, her modesty remained intact. While she shared everything with her unknown onlooker, she showed nothing. Whenever he felt he would finally catch a glimpse of her forbidden fruit, his view would be blocked by an arm, a stuffed toy, or perhaps by a half turn of her body. Whatever pleasure gods had smiled upon him causing him to happen upon this lovely creature, also took their cruel satisfaction by denying him.
Sated she laid back, assuming just the correct wrong angles and took a picture of herself, drained, shimmering, smiling, and breathless. He wondered who would receive the picture, a lover, or lovers? Perhaps it would feed her own memories, a memento for her own use fulfilling some future need.
Playfully she began to study her reflection in the window so he stepped back, once again just out of view. He watched as she arranged her intimate items, a razor and gel, shampoo, a face cloth, her bathrobe and slippers before luxuriating in her bath. What a shame to think of all her hard won moistures being eliminated in one single action. No one to share the smell of sweat from her workout, and no one to smell the essence of her arousal. He stepped forward for a better view knowing she could not see him through the cloud of steam emanating from the bathroom, but alas as he was invisible to her, she too was invisible to him. When the steam cleared he spied her reflection in the fogged mirror and once again cursed his misfortune at being teased with a view of everything yet clearly seeing nothing.
She sat down at her computer desk letting her towel drop to her waist as she turned in his direction, crossing her arms over her breasts as she massaged her legs with moisturizing cream lifting first one, then the other . Only one word came to mind as he watched and enjoyed what he now believed to be an award winning performance for her standing room only audience, and that was sensual.
The show being over he turned to leave, discovery at this point would be quite embarrassing. His phone vibrated and he took it out of his pocket and saw a text from an unknown number; it was a picture.
The End?