I sat there stunned. Carol had just fucked Tom while I watched. His cum was seeping out of her cunt. Her tits were covered with love bites and blotches of cum. She glowed with the aftershocks of a powerful orgasm. She smiled with sexual satisfaction. She looked up at me with a question in her eyes. I pulled her to me and held her sticky body.
Tom got up, his cock still semi hard and coated with his and Carol's intermingled cum. His cock left a wet trail on Carol's naked body. He leaned in and gave Carol one final hot kiss and then left. I was thrilled.
I thought sex, sex, sex. That's what got Carol and me into having Tom fuck Carol while I watched and jerked off. I still had qualms about what we had done, but couldn't deny the overwhelming thrills. I asked Carol what she thought about what we had just done. She said she loved the sex, loved Tom's cock and his fucking, loved me watching, loved the experience of a new thrill sex. But she needed to know if I was alright with our adventure.
All our friends knew that Carol and I played sex games. Now they knew how far we would go. All the men had had hot dances, clandestine kissing and groping with Carol. Carol's body and flirtatious nature had tempted them all.
Rather than answering her I started finger fucking her cum filled cunt. I kissed her bruised lips and stuck my tongue deep into her throat. I pinched her still hard nipples and moaned into her mouth.
I had to reclaim her. I pushed her down on the sleeping bag and without any foreplay rammed my cock into her cunt. I could feel Tom's warm cum washing over my cock. Her cunt was warm, wet and juicy. Her cunt lips were covered with froth from Tom's cum. There was a wildness in my fucking. I was in a frenzy. I pummeled her cunt with my cock. Our fucking was like a madness had overwhelmed both of us.
Carol moaned, "Yeahhhh, FFFuck me, Seee me."
My body spasmed, cum was shooting out of me like a machine gun, cum mingled with cum, cock exploding. I couldn't stop. I kept cumming, never going soft, cock, fuck, cock, cum. Carol pulled me down to a hot open mouthed kiss.
She groaned, "Oh yeahhhh, dirty girl dirty girl."
She flung her hips at me as I sank my cock deeper and deeper into her..
We were like two punch drunk boxers, fucking each other while I kept cumming and cumming in Carol's cunt.
I groaned, "CCunt, Slut, Ahhhh cummming."
Carol's face froze in ecstacy, mumbling crazy words.
I finally came out of my fever and pulled Carol to me. I held her as she was still in the grip of her violent orgasm.
The craziness slowly ebbed. Carol and I were lying side by side, breathless and spent. I knew we had to talk about her fucking, Tom but I didn't know what to say. This was the wildest and most thrilling sex adventure that we had ever done. I knew I should have hated it, but my cock said differently.
Carol spoke first, "I know why we did it. The thrill of it."
I looked into her eyes. I knew she was right. We had reached a new high in sexual thrills. We had risked a lot and gained a lot.
We both knew we would do it again and again. We knew the thrill was too wild to not do it again. It was addictive. I assumed everyone at the cottage knew what we had done with Tom. They all knew Carol and I played intoxicating sex games. Most of the men had hot dances, furtive kisses and quick gropes with Carol. They knew we both craved thrills.
When we got back to Boston we began to scheme about what we would do next. The plotting about Carol fucking someone else got us hot and horny and led to many hours of wild sex. We both wanted the thrill of someone's cock in Carol's cunt, the joy of her experiencing hot sex, over and over. The sight of another man's cum dripping out of her cunt while I shoot my cum all over her naked body.
We fucked several times that night reliving the sexual moment of sharing Carol. Each time we fucked it was hotter and hotter. Neither of us could get enough. When the morning light came through the window Carol was on her hands and knees and I was pounding my cock into her cunt.
During a dazed breakfast I said, We need some rules. No sneaking around, no romantic partners, if either of us says stop, we stop. We both need to approved of the sex partner. Sometimes it will be a threesome. It has to be thrilling.
We live in Boston so the opportunities should be endless.