Stephanie was super excited. Today she and her two best friends from high school were driving over to visit the carnival held every spring over in Everton City.
Nothing like the carnival ever happened in their tiny city so the three girls were thrilled that they were finally going to be able to attend without their families.
All three had seen some crazy goings on during their previous trips and since it was just going to be the three of them they had been talking about what to wear and the group had decided that since they were going to be among strangers and without their parents they would pick out some clothes that were a little naughty. Last night Stephanie had finally made her selection.
The girls had agreed to all wear pink tops as a sign of their friendship.
Melody had said she was going in her younger sister's scooped neck t-shirt. Melody's sister was much less well endowed than Melody so her shirt would be much tighter. With Melody's DD-cup chest muffins the outfit was sure to expose a lot of a skin. She had decided to include a black, short sleeve sweater over the shirt just in case she needed to tone down the show. A pair of jeans and sneakers would complete her outfit. She also declared that she would go braless if the others would too.
Cindy was much less 'upfront' than Melody, but she had an ass to die for. Therefore she had planned to wear her tightest yoga pants to show off her attributes. She was going to top that off with a tucked in t-shirt so her butt would be in plain sight. Sneakers completed her choice. In response to Melody's challenge she also stated she would go without a bra.
Stephanie wasn't as well-endowed as Melody and she didn't have Cindy's world class butt, however she was in excellent physical condition and nobody had ever complained about how her chest puppies and butt filled out a bikini.
She had finally chosen a pair of jean shorts that were a quite a little bit shorter than she would normally wear. The kind that were generally referred to as 'Daisy Dukes'. When she tried them on she saw that the bottom edge of her ass cheeks were exposed. She also chose a bare midriff blouse that featured an elastic band sown into the bottom hem to keep the top snugly pinned under her cupcakes. The band was tightened by a bowtie at the back of the top. The outfit was selected to show off her well-toned physique. Like the others she was going to wear a pair of sneakers. Caving into Melody's dare she also agreed to go without a bra.
Since Melody has permission to use her brother's car she had volunteered to drive. She picked up Cindy first and Stephanie.
When Stephanie came out to the car the other girls claimed her outfit was a daring as theirs. Melody pulled a pair of scissors out of her bag and trimmed the back of Stephanie's shorts. Since Stephanie was the last to get in she got the back seat.
It wasn't until they got to the carnival that Stephanie noticed that Melody was wearing her brasserie. When she mentioned it Melody reported with a sheepish look that her mother had caught her just as she was about to leave and demanded she put on a bra. However Melody planned to take it off as soon as she could find some privacy.
About the same time Stephanie saw that Cindy had a bra on also. Cindy stated that her mother had caught her too. Like Melody, Cindy said she would also remove her bra as soon as she could.
Stephanie was somewhat placated when her friends agreed that she had won the dare. Even so Stephanie was a little dismayed that she was the only one of the group actually without a brasserie. It was one thing to be part of a group that was braless, it was another to be the only one. She thought about not going in, but she really wanted to see the attractions so she let the others convince her to go ahead.
Once inside there was so many things to see and so many distractions that Stephanie completely forgot about her being the only one who was braless. However many of the people attending the carnival noticed her jiggling butterballs and the peeking ass cheeks.
The attention Stephanie was attracting didn't go unnoticed by Melody and Cindy.
As they were walking around Cindy spotted a booth where kids were using water powered squirt guns to fill balloons. The first one to fill and pop their balloon won the contest.
She noticed a couple of slightly older boys standing off watching the crowd. Excusing herself and when she was certain Stephanie wasn't looking she approached the boys. She pointed out Stephanie and asked if they would be willing to do her and themselves a favor.
Returning to the other girls she whispered to Melody who in turn led the group around and back near the squirt gun booth.
The older boys had been watching for Stephanie's approach and when they spotted her take their place at the counter.
When Stephanie drew closer Melody and Cindy backed off. When Stephanie was closer enough the two boys turned and started squirting her.
With the volume of water coming out of the guns it was took a few seconds and she was soaking wet.
Stephanie's blouse molded itself to her boobs and her nipples became rock hard. She couldn't have been much more exposed if her top had been removed.
Everyone standing around started laughing at her predicament.
She was pissed at what the boys had done, but there wasn't anything she could do about it. Melody suggested they go to a bathroom and Stephanie could get out of her water clothes and use the paper towels to dry off. Meanwhile she and Cindy would wring out her clothes and dry them as best the could.
Stephanie agreed with the plan. While she was in one of the stalls wiping herself off. Melody and Cindy worked on her clothes. They wrong out as much water as possible. Then Cindy took Stephanie's blouse and held it over the exhaust of a blower keeping a bouncy house inflated. After a while Melody came out with Stephanie's shorts and swapped them for Stephanie's top.
She took the top back inside and handed it over the stall door to Stephanie. She told her that her pants would be ready in a few minutes.
A little later Cindy brought in the shorts and handed over the door to Stephanie.
While they were waiting for Stephanie to finish dressing Melody whispered to Cindy that she had cut the back of Stephanie's short up an inch. Cindy flinched and said she had too.
When Stephanie came out of the stall she was wearing a wrinkled, but dry blouse and a pair of shorts that had nearly a third of her ass cheeks hanging out.
Looking in the mirror she decided her outfit was still wearable and the group left the bathroom.
As the group walked around Melody and Cindy noted that Stephanie was beginning to draw a crowd of followers.
The two of them started whispering while Stephanie was focused watching a juggler. The two girls decided to work on increasing the number of Stephanie's fans.
They guided her to the ring toss booth. Melody tossed two rings, but didn't do very well. She noticed the guy in the booth was checking her out when she leaned over. For the next toss she leaned in further and took her time so the guy got a good look down her top.
Cindy went next. Recognizing the guy was watching Melody when she was tossing her rings Cindy deliberately dropped her ring behind her and turning around bent over from the waist to pick it up. That provided him a great look at her yoga pants wrapped ass.
When it was Stephanie turn Melody surreptitiously motioned to Stephanie boobs and butt. The guy took the hint. As he handed over her rings he 'accidentally' dropped them and as luck would have it one of them rolled between her legs. Stephanie unthinkingly bent over from the waist to pick up the first two rings. This pulled her shorts up and displayed nearly the entire lower half of her butt cheeks giving a thrill to a group of people standing behind her. Then she swung around while still bent over to pick up the other one allowing the attendant his chance to check out her delightful ass.
Stephanie stood up and tossed her rings. She did great and every ring landed on a peg. Instead of giving her a prize the guy behind the counter told her that as a three ring winner she was eligible to try for a grand prize. He told her that he had a rocking stand behind the counter. He would give her three chances and if she could land a ring on one of the pegs while standing on rocking step he would let her pick any one of the prizes in the booth.
Stephanie thought about it and decided to accept his challenge. He brought the stand around. When he was back inside the booth Stephanie climbed up on the stand. It was much more unstable than she had expected. The stand bobbed and Stephanie's unrestrained fun bags jiggled and bounced. Trying to maintain her balance meant she was frequently leaning forward pulling up the back of her shorts.
She made one toss and it missed all of the pegs because she was fighting so hard to keep from falling off the stand.
By the time she was ready to make her second toss the number of people watching had grown. Some were watching her titties cavort inside her blouse and some checking out her exposed ass cheeks. She missed the second toss too.
By her third attempt she had attracted a large audience. Pretending to offer her support Cindy surreptitiously unfastened the tie keep the bottom of Stephanie's top down.
Her loosening of Stephanie's top did not go unrewarded.
Back on the rocking step Stephanie fought to maintain her balance. The effort caused her boobs to move wildly. The reduced tension on the section of her top below her breast allowed it to begin to creep up. Just before she made her toss the fiction between the cloth and her titties gave way and the top popped up over them.
The crowd cheered the resulting display.
Stephanie thought the applause was a result of her last successful ring toss.
It took Stephanie a couple of minutes to discover what had happened and pull her top down.
After getting her top repositioned and having Cindy retie the bow she consoled herself with the thought that at least she had gotten a giant, stuffed bear out of the deal.'
Melody took it over and put it in the car while the others headed out to find some more adventures.
After looking around they opted to try out the house of mirrors. Paying the ticket taker they stepped inside.
It was so disconcerting to see so many images of themselves. It was hard to tell which was real and which were false.
That's what Stephanie was thinking when a masked man's image appeared behind her in the mirror she was looking at. She wondered where he actually was. That is until he reached over and grabbed her ass.
Taken by surprise it took her a second to react. She swung her left arm around to knock his hand off, but it only encountered air.
In the second she had hesitated he had released her butt. Reaching out all around she could find anything but mirrors and empty air.
Suddenly he appeared in front of her. Before she could react he reached out and jerked her top up. When she grabbed it to pull it back down he grabbed the sides of her shorts and snatched them down around her ankles spinning her around at the same time.
When she bent over to retrieve her pants he smacked her virtually naked ass hard.
The stinging sensation made her jerk up upright. However her pants were still down around her ankles and now she was standing there with only a thong covering herself from the waist down.
Swinging her arms all around she contacted only mirrors and empty space. Being over again to get her shorts left her ass wide open for another stinging smack.
The force of this smack caused her to fall forward onto her hands and knees. Before she could reaction another pair of slaps bounced off her reddening ass.
Confused by these attacks she failed to act when suddenly he grabbed her top and dragged it up and over her head and down to the floor. Almost as quickly as he had bared them he was running his hands all over her dangling boobs.
A brief pause and the next thing Stephanie knew her thong was being jerked down her legs.
Her mind was still struggling with all that was happening. In a few seconds she had gone from dressed to naked.
Her attacker now had a totally bare ass for his target. He swiftly swatted the beautiful butt a half a dozen times. By this point Stephanie's ass was bright red.
Finally she rolled onto her back to protect her stinging butt. In the position she was able to keep his hands off her.
At this point the mirrors started moving and her assailant took off. By the time she realized this the mirrors had all rotated to end up in rows. Unfortunately the rows were parallel to the front of the mirror house and Stephanie was plain to see by everyone standing out front.
Melody and Cindy hurried over to her and picked her up. They made sure they were standing to the sides and when then lifted her she was head on to the crowd.
Everyone standing there got a clear looked at her total naked front. Shock slowed her reaction, but as quickly as she could Stephanie spun around to hide her naked boobs and pussy. This gave the group watching a perfect look at her bright red ass.
Stephanie wasted time pulling her top back into position which have her fans more time to studying the crimson butt she was displaying.
Bending over to get her panties and shorts let the crowd see the edges of her pubic lips exposed between her legs.
When she was finally dressed she stormed over to the ticket taker and complained she had been attacked. Unfortunately since she couldn't identify him there wasn't much that could be done.
At this point Stephanie was ready to leave, but since it was almost noon the other two convinced her to get something to eat first.
Stephanie had to eat standing up since her butt was still sore.
By the time they had finished eating Melody and Cindy had convinced Stephanie to hang around a little longer. The two promised to stand by Stephanie the rest of the afternoon.
About an hour later they had drifted over to where a rock band was playing. Melody left the group for a few minutes to hit the bathroom and when she returned she was wearing two beaded necklaces. Cindy asked where she got them and with a sheepish look Melody confessed that she had run into a guy who said he would trade her the necklaces for a look at her boobs.
Melody said that something happened in her head, but before she could change in mind she flashed him. She added that it was the most exciting thing she had ever done.
The other two kidded her about being a slut, but both were impressed by her audacity.
A little while later Cindy disappeared and a few minutes later she came back grinning like the Cheshire Cat. Around her neck was four necklaces and her t-shirt was pulled out of her pants. She immediately launched into the tale of how she had spotted a guy walking around with a armful of bead necklaces. She walked up and asked him if he were the guy trading necklaces for boob flashing. He smiled and said yes he was.
Cindy said that she jerked up her top and sure enough he gave her a necklace. Cindy told him that her friend had gotten two and she needed three more so she could double her friend's achievement. The guy told her that she had flashed him so fast that it had been worth a one necklace, but a slower show would be worth a couple, maybe even three more.
Cindy said she pulled her top up again and kept it up longer. This time he gave her three necklaces.
As if on cue Melody and Cindy turned to Stephanie. She instantly denied there was any chance she was going to flash her breasts for some necklaces. Laughing they then reminded her she had flashed her chest for a whole crowd at the ring toss and with the soaking wet top at the squirt gun booth she had been as good as topless. Then they reminded her that she had been totally naked when the rescued her from the house of mirrors.
However in the back of her mind Stephanie keep thinking about what her friends had said. What would it take for her to flash her boobs on purpose?
The others noticed her distraction and recognized what she was thinking about. They took turns remarking about how exciting their experience had been.
Finally about thirty minutes before they had planned to leave Stephanie made up her mind. She told the others that she wanted to get some beaded necklaces too.
So the three of them started looking for any guys carrying bead necklaces. A few a minutes later they spotting a guy with an armload of necklaces.
Cindy volunteered to talk to him. Melody stayed with Stephanie. After a moment Cindy motioned them over. She told Stephanie that the man had agreed to an exchange. For every five seconds that Stephanie showed him her knockers he would give her a necklace. Melody offered to time her.
Stephanie nodded her acceptance of the deal. She told Melody that since she had got two necklaces and Cindy had got four she was going for six. Reaching under her breasts she took hold of the bottom of her blouse and after taking a deep breath she jerked it up.
The guy's eyes widened at the sight of the lovely pink-tipped mounds on display before him.
Several people noticed Stephanie's display and she quickly attracted a bigger audience as more and more people gathered around to stare at the captivating twins.
To Stephanie it seemed like it was taking forever for Melody to let her know that she could drop her top. To make it worst the people around her were pulling out their cell phones and taking pictures of her exposed breasts.
Finally she couldn't take it any more and pulled her top back down. There was a large collective sigh of disappointment from the people looking at her.
It took the guy holding the necklaces several seconds to gather his wits. At last the guy turned to Melody and asked her how many necklaces he owed Stephanie.
Melody checked the timer on her cellphone and told him he owed Stephanie twenty-six.
Stephanie stood there open-mouthed in shock. Melody was supposed to tell her to stop at thirty seconds. Instead she had left Stephanie to stand there with her tits out for over two minutes.
Stephanie was pissed. When she confronted Melody about it Melody just laughed.
That's when Melody told Stephanie that the extra time wasn't the worst part.
When Stephanie demanded to know what could be worst the other girls confessed that they hadn't really flashed their boobs. They had just bought their necklaces from a vendor.