This is the second or perhaps third part in a series based around an old man who stumbles into becoming a pornographer.
*****
I read and re-read Wayne's text 'Davie is going to call you. Wants to meet you ;) hahaha Wayne' over and over again. My stomach was churning each time and my sexy urges soon went away.
Somehow I finally managed to get to sleep and I made myself busy with housework the following day; so sort of forgot about the 'impending phone call;' as my mind was re-living my escapade with the hung young stud-muffin the previous afternoon.
Just as I sat down for a cup of tea and a sandwich at about 3pm my phone rang. I looked at it but didn't recognise the number; just as I was about to press OFF I guessed it would be Wayne's 'friend' Davie.
"Hello." I whispered.
"Is that Fiona?" A warm male voice enquired.
"Who is asking?"
"David...David Watts." He responded with a slight laugh, "I am a friend of a friend of yours, Wayne...Wayne Webster." He clarified.
I remained silent; but was breathing very heavily as I waited for his next question.
"Are you still there?" The man asked.
"Yes." I whispered through a dry throat.
"Oh." he laughed softly, "I loved the video, by the way; and so do the viewers. You've had some great feedback and hundreds of hits already."
There was another silence as I didn't react.
"Young Wayne tells me you want to make some more videos."
"I never said that." I replied, as firmly as my nerves would allow.
"Oh my dear; Wayne was quite emphatic; saying you were a 'natural,' perfect for what we do. He also said you were already a fan of the site." This was followed by a dirty cackle. "Can we meet and have a chat? "
"I don't know...it's not something...I've ever thought of." What was I saying??? A plain and simple NO should have been my reply.
"My dear; you looked so very sexy in the video Wayne gave me, and...well...let's just say he told me how sexy you are; and how much you like sex." His voice was now quite husky and becoming a little bit seductive. "Which is perfect for what I'm looking for." He stopped; allowing me to take in what he was saying. "I've already got ten regular young girls working for me; but someone like you; a more 'mature' model, shall we say; and one who looks very sexy in stockings, is exactly what my customers have been asking for."
My mind was racing; the little Angel on one shoulder was saying 'put the phone down'; but the Little Devil was saying 'Go on; you will love it!'
"I only live on the other side of town." David said without waiting for a reply, "I will call around in half an hour, for a coffee and a chat. Is that ok?"
"Yes...yes...I suppose so." I stammered.
"Okay, sweetie, see you in half an hour." Then his phone clicked and he was gone.
My cup of tea had gone cold and I was no longer hungry as I checked my watch.
Without a conscious thought I ran upstairs to change my clothes. As I pulled a stocking up my freshly shaved leg, I smiled at the thought of changing into my sexiest lingerie and a nice dress for a complete stranger. At this stage even I knew that the Little Devil was winning.
I was brushing my hair when I heard a car on the drive, then a firm knock on the door. I drew a very deep breath and made my way to the front door. I stood with my hand on the handle for the longest second of my life, before turning it and opening the door.
"Fiona?" A rather dapper older man greeted me, "David, David Watts." Then held his hand out. I responded with a warm handshake, then led him into the kitchen.
"Coffee? Tea?" I nervously enquired.
"Coffee please. Milk, no sugar."
Desperately trying not to make eye contact I busied myself with the kettle and the cups.
David chuckled then said; "I recognise the kitchen...very nice, if you don't mind me saying."
I was blushing madly as I handed him the cup.
We sat at the kitchen table chatting for half an hour or so; with David explaining how his film-making business started, with a young woman cleaning his house and 'flashing her knickers,' he raised his eyebrows a few times to confirm he had been as surprised as I was at the way events took place; but 'ever the opportunist,' saw a way of her making extra cash for her and and later her step-sister; paying them to let him video them. The first few months had been quite tame, apparently, the girls stripping and 'fiddling with themselves', leading onto using an assortment of sex toys; but when a guy called Gerald became involved, the website had become a lot more professional with members paying monthly subs. That's when things had 'moved up a couple of gears' - Gerald, bought a much more professional camera and the website attracted more young women, mostly students and even some young men (mostly body builders).
He claimed to pay a 'fair rate' and the girls all came back for more; some even suggesting 'theatrical scenarios.'
He took great delight in talking about the girls 'fiddling with themselves' and using toys; and when he realised I wasn't stopping him; carried on in more graphic detail; talking about the girls 'sucking huge cocks' and getting 'fucked rigid' sometimes by two or three fellas.
I couldn't stop myself; shuffling on my seat as my pussy tingled and I was well aware that my nipples were sticking through my thin summer dress.
"Would you like to do a test film now?" David smiled; like a snake mesmerising its prey. "You already have your nylons on; and I have the camera."
I looked down to see my dress had ridden up my thigh showing my stocking top and suspender clasp. I immediately tugged the hem back to a responsible length; and looked slightly shocked as he unpacked a video camera from the bag at his feet.
"Oh...I don't really know...what if...you know...someone was to recognise me?" We both knew how turned on I was at the prospect of making a real porn film; but their was still my 'reputation' to think of.
"I've got some wigs and stuff in the car." He winked, "a couple of the girls feel the same way; so I always travel well prepared."
Before I could answer he was on his feet and out the door; returning with a sports bag full of wigs and sexy underwear.
"Here." David smiled as he handed me a long brown wig; "You will look really sexy wearing that; and no one will recognise in these" as he passed me a pair of large, thick rimmed 'Deirdre' glasses.
I giggled as I swapped my expensive Armani glasses for the old-fashioned pair; but it helped release the tension that was building up.
"Put the wig on for me," David smiled as he casually threw it at me.
I complied and as I swept the false hair from my face and adjusted it, David sighed; "Jeez; I don't believe it; you look even sexier than in real life."
I knew he was trying to 'seduce' me; but his sweet words were having the desired effect on me, as I blushed and looked in the mirror above the fireplace. He was correct; I looked entirely different now; slightly younger even.
As I looked at my reflection I saw David setting his video camera up in the background.
"I tell you what," he said, half to himself, "why don't you get seated on the..." his eyes scanned the kitchen then the living room, "sofa; yes...the sofa. Then we will do the test film in there. Yes, that'll be good."
As I sauntered into the other room David asked; "Have you thought about what name you are going to use?"
"Name?" I screwed my eyebrows up and wrinkled my nose; "what do you mean?"
"Oh; my dear I thought you knew; you can't use your real name on the site, can you?" His smiled dissolved any anxiety I was feeling, "You need something classy."
As I sat on the sofa he stroked his chin then suggested, "Lady something...Alice? Claire? No! Lady Jane!"
"Lady...Jane?"
"Yes, it's perfect...you know...the Rolling Stones song? Lady Jane? No? Obviously you are too young!" Then laughed like a drain.
"Whatever." I smiled; still not sure how far I was going to let this foolishness go.
Happy that his camera was working; David looked at me and smiled; "Can you drape one arm along the back of the sofa and the other down the arm; and cross your legs for me please?"
I followed his instructions; knowing full well my stocking top would be on show.
"All I will do is ask a few silly questions; as if it's an interview. Nothing too serious or heavy; don't worry; a nod or a smile will do." His smile and soft voice really was hypnotic, "If you're happy with the way things go; will you be happy showing your knickers or a bit of tit?"
I thought for a few seconds, "I don't know." Blushing, "We will see how I feel." My heart was racing.
"Okey dokey; just relax." The old smoothie winked.
"Welcome again to Mr. Clean presents; this week we have the delightful Lady Jane, for your...and I hope; her pleasure." He spoke directly to me; but his words were aimed at the viewer. I didn't know how to respond so smiled and waved.
"Lady Jane has kindly invited us into her sumptuous home; haven't you?"
I nodded and smiled.
After a few nice and sexy comments, David asked, "I see that you are wearing stockings today; do you wear them all of the time?"
Now warming to my persona as Lady Jane, I looked down and nervously adjusted the suspender that was on show; but didn't try to hide it. "I do indeed;" I purred as sexily as possible, "they make me feel very naughty; and I know the effect they have on men." I don't know why, but I blew a kiss at the camera.
"Would you stand up and show us the full set?"
I gulped and felt a knot in my tummy; but stood up and slowly lifted the hem of my dress up; revealing my stocking tops, white suspender belt and tight white knickers that emphasised my pronounced pubic area.
"Wow." David whistled, " Can you do a twirl for us please?"
Feeling deliciously sexy now, I lifted my dress right up and slowly turned until my bum was facing the camera. Without thinking, I sensuously stroked my arse and the top of my leg where my stocking met my thigh.
"I think our viewers would like you to bend over now." David suggested.
With my dress still gathered in front I slowly bent forward until I was at a 45 degree angle; and could feel my panty gusset digging into my swelling pussy; and knowing David and his camera were seeing my most intimate parts.
"Can you give it a little stroke for me please?"
I closed my eyes and slowly ran my finger across my nylon covered slit. I was absolutely soaking wet; and I was correct that the gusset was enclosed between my swollen labia. It felt amazingly exciting touching my inflamed pussy; as a dirty old man watched and filmed me doing it.
"Gosh," he sighed, "you really are turned on, aren't you my Dear?"
I nodded my head; but that didn't satisfy him.
"What was that my Dear; I couldn't make out what you said?"
"Yes," I panted as I continued stroking my tingling slit, "very...very turned on."
"Would you like to do something about that?"
"Like what?" I panted again; as my fingers began delving inside my quim.
"Do you need to cum?" He mischievously asked.
"Oh God...yes." I sighed.
"Well; I think our viewers would like that too my Dear." His voice was still chirpy, but commanding. "But I think you should take your pretty dress off first; to make yourself more comfortable."
My legs were shaking as I nervously stood up and turned to face the film-maker, who was kneeling three feet behind me with the camera in his hands.
"Did that feel nice; touching your hot cunt?" He winked.
I gave a big smile and nodded.
"Do your fingers smell nice and sexy?" He then mimed smelling his fingers.
I copied and ran my musky fingers under my nose, smiled and nodded.
"Can you take your dress off now for me?"
Still smiling, I was now in a whole other world as I took a deep breath and pulled one arm over my shoulder to tighten the fabric as my other pulled the zip down to my hips.
It took a couple of seconds to drop the straps, then shimmy the dress over my boobs and down over my hips until it lay at my feet. David was grinning like a sly old fox as I stepped out and picked it up to drape over the sofa; capturing every inch of my nylon clad legs and arse at the same time.
"Before you sit down, I think you would be more comfortable if you took your bra and knickers off." He winked again, "Don't you?"
I didn't say a word but immediately followed his instructions and unclipped my bra; but before taking it off; instinctively cupped my hands to my boobs.
"I think it's a bit late to be shy; now isn't it?" He laughed; making me laugh.
I threw my head backwards and pulled my bra off like a stripper and waved it in the air before throwing it an armchair. My aching 34D boobs flopped down; and much to David's delight I had to squeeze and rub them for some kind of relief; seeing the camera only spurred me on as I theatrically tugged at my tingling nipples and bending forward to make them swing from side to side in front of the camera.
Thoroughly enjoying myself I nearly missed David pointing at my knickers and mimed for me to pull them down. I winked at him and eased my thumbs into the sides and slowly pulled them down my hips; but bending forward to make my tits sway again. I nearly fell over as I stepped out of one leg, then pulled them over the other shoe. But I steadied myself and naughtily flicked them straight at David's head.
Five days ago I was an all but celibate 40 year old divorcee and now here I was stripping off in front of a dirty old pornographer after being fucked ragged by his young star.
Lost in the moment I spread my feet wide apart, as David shuffled across the carpet and pointed the camera between my legs at my hot dripping pussy.
With him directly beneath me I slid a hand between my legs and instinctively began fingering myself. One finger then two; pumping as fast as I could; making squelching noises that could be heard on film when I watched it later on.
Fun as it was fingering myself; I needed satisfaction so sat on the edge of my sofa with my arse on the edge; legs as wide as I could get them and slid two fingers back inside my slit as I began rubbing my engorged clit. Everything felt exaggerated - my excitement; my breathing and even my language as I began panting; "Shit...shit...shit." As my clit got ever more fevered and my fingering frenzied.
"Fucking shit!" I gasped as my fingers went right in up to the knuckle; just like on Saturday, "Oh FUCK!" My orgasm just refused to cum; but I was in Sexual Heaven anyway frigging myself for a porno movie.
"Lift your legs right up!" David suggested as his camera lingered a few inches from my bubbling pussy. "In the air, wide apart."
I followed his instructions and it made my fingering even more intense; and his film would look bloody amazing I was to find out afterwards.
"Huh...huh...huh...oh fuck." I gasped when I finally felt the buzz of my orgasm slowly make its way up my legs from my toes. "Oh God Yes! FucK...FUCKING HELL...FUCKING HELL!" I screamed as my pussy exploded with an amazing orgasm and my cream bubbled over, making me 'gush' as David called it later. I just thought I was pissing all over my carpet and the film maker!
When it was over I was trembling like a baby lamb and curled into a ball; laughing manically in a on the sofa.
Cackling; David got to his knees and kept filming me; even when I put my hand up to stop him. The next I knew was him standing over me; camera in one hand and his cock in the other; stroking it against my nylon covered leg.
"What are you doing?" I panted rhetorically.
"I couldn't resist." He laughed as tugged faster until his cock began spitting out warm creamy spunk onto my legs.
"You dirty bugger." I giggled as I ran my finger through his cum as it seeped through the thin nylon.
"Me dirty?" He cackled again as he drained the last few drops out; "Wayne was spot on about you; you really are a dirty mare."
Without a care in the world I now stretched out on the sofa, stroking my aching tits and draping one foot onto the floor and leaving my soaking pussy on show for the dirty film-maker; who kept on filming with his limp dick flopping loose out of his flies.
"That was excellent." David smiled as he finally put the camera down and tucked his cock back in his pants. "Gerald will get that edited tomorrow and get it on the site by tea time."
I was slightly shocked when it dawned on me that my actions would soon be watched by hundreds, thousands even; of dirty men who would no doubt be wanking when they watched my 'show.' But the buzz had me stroking my pussy again.
"£30 as agreed?" David asked as he dropped three notes onto the coffee table.
I had totally forgot that I was going to be paid; and just smiled.
"If you are up for it, I can come back on Wednesday for another one." David winked as my finger slid inside my slit, "If you can wait that long."
At work on the Monday my colleague Amber asked if 'everything was okay' at one stage; because I looked 'glowing' - "have you got a new fella?" She laughed.
"Not really," I replied, with a naughty smile; "well, nothing serious."
That evening I received a text from David saying the film was online.
Nervous, frightened and excited I found the website on my laptop and there on the homepage was a picture of me in my wig and glasses looking away from the camera as I dropped my dress around my ankles. The headline was Mr. Clean presents Lady Jane.
Mercifully he was correct; even my Mother wouldn't have recognised me; and the film itself hardly showed my face; concentrating on my tits and pussy which took a right hammering in the 20 minute film.
As I was watching for the third time my phone pipped; when I checked it was from Wayne who had sent a photo and a message 'U luk Horny as fuck - had 2 hav a wank.' The photo was his enormous cock dripping spunk. The image made my cum for the third time in an hour.
David did come back on the Wednesday and filmed me dressing up in lots of my underwear and stockings; eventually using my tiny vibrator to bring myself off.
We made another 7 similar films in the next two weeks; sometimes with David filming other times the rather odd Gerald; and I was paid me £30-50 each time. I didn't need the money like some of his girls; so reinvested it in sexy undies, even more stockings and two new wigs.
By that time I had my own Members Only page on his website; and I loved the disgusting comments from my 'fans.'
Then; he told me Wayne was begging to fuck me on film.
TBC