I will never let go of Donna. The complications arising from our being together could never be outweighed by our desire to work, live, and love as a couple. At some point, however, our family had to be told. We came up with a creative way.
The nature of our business venture proved very lucrative, and our education and training gave us the knowledge needed to sell it as a franchise. As owners, we could set the rules and live off the fees gained by selling franchises. This was a huge step, and the financial rewards were immediately substantial.
"Donna, I think I have the solution to our dilemma." I told her one morning.
"Oh?"
"Let's take our families on a cruise, do some business along the way, and then tell them in a fun, creative way."
"So, bribe them into accepting us?" Donna replies with a wry smile.
"No. No, nothing like that. Okay, something like that." I answer guiltily.
"I like the idea because the right cruise ship can be a great place to let loose. For our family, we would have to be very careful before telling them. Let's start with that. Will we need separate rooms?" Donna starts tossing out questions and ideas.
From there the plan takes off. We offer to pay all expenses for our parents, and 75% of all expenses for a select group of siblings and cousins. In the end, we calculate a total of 15 possible rooms, and up to 25 people, including ourselves. A weeklong cruise into the Gulf of Mexico, at $3000 per person, and well, let's just say it's quite the investment to reveal our secret. We actually schedule a few meetings with potential franchisees in Jamaica and Grand Cayman, so maybe we can offset the cruise cost that way.
My favorite part was choosing the rooms. Donna and I chose separate rooms on the upper 15th level with its mixture of suites, a spa, and typically no families. Our travel agent told us there was a couple in a room next to us, but was unsure about the other rooms. We kept our expectations low. As for our family, we placed them several decks below with really good access to the elevators and stairwells.
Also at the top of our list was the adults-only pool not far from the spa area on our deck. Most of the luxurious loungers at this pool are covered by sun screens, so privacy could be mostly achieved, not that my cousin needed that. There are also several other pools on the middle decks, and miniature golf, a water slide, and the sea coaster on the other end of the ship. All-in-all, there appears to be plenty to keep our family members busy while onboard. The excursions while at port looked very promising.
When the final bill came due, we were pleased that our parents were able to come, but we only needed 8 additional rooms in total. Besides parents, a couple of siblings and spouses committed, and thankfully everyone left any young kids at home. That freed up some money for excursions in Jamaica and Grand Cayman. Donna and I had our plans in mind, all without family until the final night's dinner.
At embarkation, we meet up with everyone.
"We're so glad you were able to come celebrate our business. You'll find all of your expenses have been covered, even tips for your room concierge. But, don't be afraid to be generous with any of the staff if they provide you with great service." I tell them.
"Zoo and I have several business meetings planned on this trip. We're hoping to generate some international buzz here in the Caribbean. Don't worry; just enjoy the trip, and I'm sure we'll meet up over the course of the week." Donna sets the stage.
"For sure, we'll be at dinners at our assigned table for our group. In Jamaica, we have a meeting scheduled, and probably one more in Grand Cayman. We'll definitely spend time together in Cozumel at a favorite sports club before heading back on the last day." I conclude explaining our business plans.
After spending time in line to get our onboard identification cards, all of us split up to get to our rooms. Donna and I walk leisurely around the main pool to the set of elevators serving our rooms. In the elevator, we're unable to keep our hands off each other. Suddenly kissing Donna here takes on an almost air of danger. Just knowing our families are nearby is enough to get me to thinking about the inherent issues we are about to uncover. And yet,for all of the dangers, I've never been more sure of the decision I've made. This woman absolutely trusts and loves me, and I want to spend my life with her.
In our rooms, we discover a very welcome feature. Overlooking the dock on our balconies, we find only a small door separating our personal balconies. It has to be unlocked, and I solve that quickly with a generous tip to our room concierge. After having it unlocked, we are now free to inhabit both spaces with no interruption. We separate to get our suits out of our carryon bags.
"I think I prefer your room." I hear Donna say from the balcony door. Turning, I see she has completely stripped off all of her clothes and stands in the doorway, oblivious in her own way to the noise of the dockside activity several decks below us.
"I could get used to your type of room service." I tell her as I walk out onto the small balcony.
We both stand at the railing, looking down some 15 stories at the dock below. Leaning out, we can see all of the balconies below us, some with heads sticking out, and I'm glad we are at the top of this ship. It is breathtaking, just like Donna. Pulling her beside me, I can smell her hair, even over the smells of the ship and seawater. Reaching down between her ass, I slowly poke a finger into her ass, then another into her pussy. Donna does not move, and we silently enjoy the sensory overload of our desires and the port.
Removing my finger from her ass allows Donna to bend over and rub her pussy all over my hand. Spreading her legs, Donna does the same with her arms. Now with her hands and feet fully extended from her body, I'm able to handle her entire cunt and take the opportunity to fist her. I can feel my cock harden as I begin to slowly move my entire hand in and out of her.
"Let me turn over for you." Donna directs.
With that, we begin a slow ballet where Donna somehow turns around and sits on a chair on the balcony while my fist is still fully inserted into her.
"Now take me to bed." Donna moans.
Putting my left arm under her shoulders, I'm able to lift Donna and carry her to my bed. Kneeling beside the bed, I keep my hand in her as she lays back and spreads her legs completely. Then, I start pumping her pussy. Moving my face to Donna's, I begin kissing her and grab a nipple with my free left hand. As always, Donna begins grinding on my right arm, and I can feel her body convulsing all the way up to our lips. Midway between her third or fourth orgasm, Donna pulls my hand out and relaxes onto my bed.
"Let's not burn out too quickly." Donna tells me as she moves back alone to the balcony.
Probably because of the noise outside, we didn't hear our neighbors in the room next to mine. Suddenly, Donna is in the middle of a very animated conversation. I join her outside.
"And this is Zoo. He's a bit more conservative than myself, but this trip will surely change that." I hear Donna say as I walk up behind her.
At the side of the railing, I'm able to see our new neighbor, a very tanned guy about my age, perhaps a little older, and he appears quite happy to be talking to my naked cousin.
"Hey man. Donna here is trying to convince the entire world to give up clothes. How's it going?" I try to make small talk and keep Donna at my side.
"I'm good. This is going to be a special type of trip I can tell. Do you guys have two rooms? Your balcony divider is open, but ours isn't." He asks.
"It's a long story. What's your name?" I reply.
"I'm Sam, and my fiance Nora is right behind me."
As if on cue, Nora makes her appearance. Quite dramatically I might add. She walks out in a sheer fabric coverup. With her nipples clearly showing through, Nora also sports a dark thong. Not much is left to the imagination.
"Hey guys. I couldn't let her have all the fun." Nora says, pointing at Donna.
"I'm Donna." My very naked cousin holds out her hand around the balcony divider to shake with Nora.
"Nora. Can we get this divider opened?" She asks.
"Sure. Is this a judgement free zone? We have something to share." I reply while trying not to stare at Nora too much.
"Of course." Sam tells me.
"Let me go get the concierge. Donna, can I talk to you for a moment?"
"Yep." Donna says with a smile.
"These guys could provide us some cover. We can hang out together and act like we've hooked up for some fun. Our family would never suspect anything." I tell her inside my room.
"Oh, I like how you think. That could be fun if they're up to helping us." Donna tells me.
"Okay. I'll get the divider opened, then we can talk to them." I tell he as I open the door to find our guy.
It's immediately apparent that our concierge has dealt with naked guests before. He doesn't even bat an eye when walking into the presence of my unclothed cousin. He opens the divider and leaves without even ogling her. It's also apparent Donna will be able to go around naked as much as she wants up here. Now, with three rooms available, I can only imagine how Donna will use this week to further drive me crazy. Now with the divider between our rooms opened, we can gather a little more closely.
"Okay guys, we have a huge secret, and we think you can help us survive this week." I tell them.
"Oh?" Comes a simultaneous answer from Nora and Sam.
"Yes. You see, Zoo and I are cousins very much in love. At the end of our time in college, we spent a fabulous summer together, and have been inseparable ever since."
"Now, we run a highly successful business together, but our families have no idea about our secret." I interject like we're making a sales pitch.
"And...you want to hang out with us, to create an illusion of me dating Donna, and Zoo with Nora?" Sam asks with a knowing smile.
"Exactly!" Donna exclaims while pulling Sam into a hug. Of course, he hugs her back and I watch her tits disappear into his chest.
"Well, I don't know. What if Sam and I have a secret as well?" Nora replies as we watch Sam and Donna separate.
"You have a secret bigger than ours?" I ask.
"Not bigger, just equal. You see, we are cousins as well, but both married. We have run away together, and plan on revealing our secret to our families when we return. We don't have any kids, so this is it for us. We don't expect our current spouses and most of our family to ever talk to us again." Sam reveals to us more than I would have ever expected to hear.
Suddenly, we are enveloped in silence. It is a stunning moment, and we have much to digest. As the ship moves from the dock, I feel the need to talk.
"Well, we have seven days to figure this out. Where are you guys from?" I ask.
"Just outside Austin." Comes the answer from Nora. The answer to our conundrum becomes instantly apparent.
"So are we. How about we enjoy the week together, then get back home and make plans together. We just have to agree to protect and support each other." I hold up my hand.
"You can trust us." Sam replies and grabs my hand.
"We have your backs." Donna says, and joins hands with us.
"I like where this is going. Partners in crime." Nora says while putting her hand on top of ours.
Thus, our plan is put in place. Nora and Sam will act as our respective dates, but also are along for the sales presentations. This will allow the four of us to travel on the excursions. I don't anticipate any sex with anyone other than Donna, but Nora and I better become friends just as quickly as Donna and Sam should. Nora and Sam will need a quick lesson about our business to complete the illusion. First things first, as the ship is pulled out of the harbor, I add Sam and Nora to our dinner party, and also make sure they are on our excursions.
With a few hours to kill, the four of us head out to explore the ship. Nora stays in her coverup, but adds a bikini top. Donna puts on her suit, but no coverup. Now in our swimsuits as well, Sam and I wear chanclas on our feet. Winding our way through the nearby spa, we naturally come across the adult swimming pool. Nora removes her covering, and jumps into the water with Donna.
"I'll go schedule some couples massages inside." I tell everyone, and then head back to the spa receptionist.
Arriving back at the pool, I find Sam poolside, smiling probably due to the two sets of bikinis on the side of the pool right next to him.
"Ah yes, now you know what to expect, as if you hadn't figured it out." I tell him.
"Amazing. Women are amazing." He replies, then slides into the water.
After I jump in, a waiter stops by and takes our drink orders. When he returns, our first test of this voyage follows him.
"Hey Mom!" I hear Donna exclaim, and I feel Nora climb onto my back at the same time. I can feel her hard nipples and smooth pussy on my skin. Looking over, I can see Donna has likewise climbed onto Sam.
"I see you guys have already made friends." She says, unaware of the suits poolside to her right.
"Oh, these are more than friends; they're almost family. We are all here for the business part of our trip." I explain.
"Yep. All business. I'm Nora, by the way." Nora tells her and kisses my ear.
"That's nice. Well, I'm just wandering. I think I like the big pool better than this small one. You guys enjoy, and see you at dinner." Donna's Mom replies and saunters off.
The girls quickly leave their temporary partners, and I'm back in an embrace with Donna.
"How did that feel?" Donna whispers in my ear.
"Not bad I guess."
"Well let's see how this feels." Donna whispers back, then pulls my suit down with her left foot. Now fully exposed to her, I enjoy her hand caressing me to complete hardness. Dropping down underwater in front of me, Donna quickly sucks me into her mouth. After a few moments, she emerges and swims to retrieve her suit. Just as quickly as I can move, I get behind Donna and hold her ass in place for me to fully penetrate from behind. After a few thrusts, I pull out and leave her there to get her suit on.
"You guys are amazing." Nora tells me as I turn to pull my suit back up.
"You have no idea." I reply.
"I think I want to find out." She tells me, then swims to get her suit as well.
As I stand in the shallow pool, I can tell both Nora and Donna are putting on their thongs. Then, in unison, they pull themselves out of the water and sit on the side of the pool facing me and Sam. They are polar opposites of sorts. Donna has the bigger ass, but smaller tits. Nora has a wonderful ass, and her tits are noticeably larger. Her nipples are hard, but seem smaller. Donna's nipples point out more from her tits. Neither girl has any tanlines from their waist up. As they sit there, they get their tops on and adjust them to barely cover the areolas. After getting up, the illusion of almost complete nudity is completed by their thongs and just the small strings around their necks and crossing their backs. I won't be able to get out of the pool until I finish my drink. Donna has me that worked up.
Back in our rooms, we find our luggage has been delivered.
"I'm going to get ready for dinner, so no peeking, okay?" Donna tells me and returns to her room via my balcony.
I swear, I think I'll have to tie my cock down. Just thinking of my cousin, naked in the pool, and now next door getting ready for dinner is almost unbearable to contemplate. Putting on my favorite shorts and hawaiian button down, I'm sure I'll look like an absolute bum next to Donna. I'm guessing Nora will be looking equally hot.
And, not that I'm disappointed, but I'm certainly surprised when Donna walks over after almost an hour. She is simply stunning while barely showing any skin. That's what surprises me most. From her feet to her waist, Donna is wearing a full white cloth skirt. Above it, a line of skin shows, then she is covered with a matching white blouse.
"Wow. You look fantastic." I tell Donna.
"Not what you expected? I kinda was aiming to surprise." She smiles at me, and turns around to show me the entire outfit. There is an opening in the back which reveals a lot more skin.
"For sure. But, we are with family, so I appreciate you dressing like that. I love the opening in the back." I'm slowly overcoming my surprise.
"Then, you're going to love what happens on the dance floor." Donna says while reaching behind her neck.
My early surprise is replaced quickly with an even more surprisingly pleasant view. Donna's blouse falls from her shoulders after she undoes the single button holding it in place. It reveals a bandeau wrapped around her tits. As I'm focused on Donna's chest, I hear a snap and her skirt drops to the ground revealing nothing more than a pair shorts which outline her amazing figure.
"So, what do you think?" Donna asks a mesmerized me.
"Ummm, wow."
"After dinner, I'll be ready to walk around the ship then dance our first night away. I hope you can handle this hotness on the dance floor." Donna tells me as she pulls up her skirt and gets the blouse back on.
"Well, as perfect as you look for the dance floor, you'll be the most stunning woman at our dining table." I tell her.
"Maybe, but I'm here to compete." I hear Nora behind us. Turning, my eyes take in her complete body. Nora is wearing a tight minidress, some understated sandals, and not much else. Her hair is pulled tightly behind her head so as to show off her tanned shoulders.
"Damn Sam. What are we going to do?" I ask him as he walks in behind Nora.
"Oh, I can think of a few things. But first, let's get our stories worked out before we get to the dinner table."
Dinner goes well. Everyone is excited to be on the boat, and any conversation about our business is very limited. The four of us sit close together, but draw no unwanted attention. The food here in the main dining room is decent, and after we leave to walk the ship, we discover a few other spots to enjoy food. Stopping at a patio bar, we order drinks and hang out. The movement of the ship under the clear night skies through the Gulf of Mexico is smooth and relaxing. In all actuality, we have no choice other than to relax and sitting here at a small table with two incredibly hot women on either side of me is surely my new definition of heaven.
The nightly activities on the ship pretty much line so you can do most of them. While we sat and drank after dinner, our families attended the comedy show in the main auditorium. We ran into them on our way to the disco. Our parents were definitely going to their rooms after having a drink, while everyone else was headed to the outdoor ice cream social near the main pool.
This gave us the freedom in the disco to do as we pleased. Donna quickly freed herself of her outer dress, and we danced mostly together, but also with Nora and Sam. In the darkness, our dancing was intimate and very much seemed to turn Donna on, not that she had ever needed it. I wouldn't be surprised if she decided to dance topless some time this week.
"I'll be right back." Donna tells me, and walks over to the DJ. I watch her talk to him, then return with a smile I have come to recognize.
"Did you request some songs?" I ask.
"No, I requested a private performance. Actually, I scheduled a private performance. Tonight. At the adult pool. You game?" Her smile says it all.
"How does that work?" I ask.
"Well, we can invite as many people as we want. He can lock up the pool access for up to an hour. He performs for tips, so we're all set." She tells us.
We leave the disco just in time to grab some waters, and one more drink before heading up to the pool area. The DJ walks past us, and the four of us follow. Donna has put her skirt back on, but carries the blouse. I can see the sweat from the dancing in the disco still glistening on her back. Nora walks next to her, and her ass moves ever so slightly within the confines of the minidress. The bottom of the dress has moved up on her thighs; I'm hoping both women are soon naked.
At the pool, the DJ pulls out a turntable at a booth I hadn't noticed when we were here earlier. No doubt, we'll give him plenty of reason to come during the day and perform in the sunlight. It isn't long before he is playing some music, not too loud, but only for us. I grab Nora and we spin slowly into position before the speakers. Donna pulls off her skirt and she and Sam join us. The rhythm carries us away.
It is mostly dark with the only the ambient light from the DJ and stars above us providing breaks in the blackness of the night.
"You'll find the zipper at the top of the right side of my dress. Do as you please." Nora whispers in my ear as we dance.
After a moment, Nora stands with her back to me, and lifts her arms in the air. Donna joins in a dance with her, and Sam and I do exactly what they wanted. I find the zipper on Nora's dress and slowly pull it down the right side of her body. Sam unties Donna's bandeau, then slips her shorts down over her ass and to her feet. So, here we are, back at the pool with both women completely naked. As Nora wriggles her body before me, I let my hands explore her body, even grasping her tits for a moment. She feels so soft, but Donna looks even more delicious and Sam and I switch partners. I must have Donna immediately and pull my shorts, then step out of them.
Here in the dark, Donna and I become one. I pick her up and guide my cock into the most deliciously warm pussy. I'm able to move around the deck as we furiously fuck. I've lost sight of Nora and Sam, but I'm sure they moved to a lounger. The music is addictive, and the DJ lightens the volume while we grind away.
"Take me to bed when the music stops." Donna tells me.
"Damn right." Comes my reply.
All of us gather up our clothes, and Sam and I both hand a hundred bucks to the DJ as we leave.
"Thanks guys." He says.
"No, thank you. We'll do this again." I inform him as I am pulled away by a naked cousin. Sam and Nora lead the way to our rooms, oblivious to their nudity. Upon entering our respective rooms, all of us head to the now shared balcony area where we commence fucking once again. I lose myself in Donna, never once bothered by the activity happening a few feet away. Leaving the balcony, Donna and I fall onto my bed and I pull her on top of me. As I squeeze her nipples, Donna arches her back and explodes all over me. Holding her in place, I pound her pussy hard and likewise explode into her. After she falls onto the bed next to me, I close the balcony door to her room. Nora and Sam are going after it so I head back to Donna, close my balcony door and crank the AC down. Climbing into bed with my sleeping cousin, our bodies come together and I fall asleep holding her close.
Several hours, I open my eyes to see a still-naked Donna opening the door to let in a room service delivery. We discovered there is a free coffee service every morning along with some pastries to keep us from getting too hungry before breakfast officially begins. There is literally no way to go hungry on a ship. Anyway, Donna holds the door open and the concierge places a tray with a coffee pot, mugs, fresh fruit, and aforementioned pastries on the table by the balcony door. As he leaves, Donna leans in and gives him a little peck on the cheek.
"Thank you, but that's not necessary." He tells her.
"Oh yes it is. I love your service and the fact you don't mind me being naked." Donna replies.
"Well enjoy. This time tomorrow morning, we'll be pulling into the dock in Jamaica. Have you planned any excursions?" He asks.
"Oh yes."
"Alright then. Enjoy this day at sea."
Donna closes the door, and jumps back in bed with me. We sleep another few hours, then wake to enjoy the coffee on our balcony. The sun seems high already over the horizon, but breakfast will be open for a few more hours. Nora and Sam join us.
"So what's the plan tomorrow?" Sam asks us.
"We have reservations at an adults-only, clothing optional club. It's about a ten minute cab ride to get there, so we'll have at least seven hours before having to return to the ship." I tell everyone.
"And today?" Nora asks.
"Today, after breakfast, we need to head to the office space and pretend to do some work. After that, we have access to the spa for massages and facials. Since it's on this level, I expect us to be able to hide up here a lot." I tell them.
"Be ready in thirty?" Donna asks.
"Sounds good."
With that, all of us leave the balcony. Donna and I squeeze into the shower and manage to get clean between some sucking and fucking. At this point, our bodies move together as one, and I somehow always hit the right spot with her. At breakfast, the four of us sit separately within the larger group. It goes well, and I seamlessly move us of breakfast and to the office center. There, we exchange notes and how we feel everyone is looking at us. Overall, it's according to plan. I take a few minutes to verify the club reservation tomorrow, and then we head up to the spa.
Surprisingly, we're able to get into a room with four beds and the masseuses rub us into a blissful oblivion. Before we get facials, we learn about a very welcome offering inside the spa.
"We offer lessons to couples if you're interested." My masseuse tells me.
"We won't be onboard tomorrow. What about the next day at sea before we get to Grand Cayman?" I ask.
"Sure. I'll put all four of you down for just after lunch."
After a few hours in the spa, we head down the hall to our room to discover our next surprise. We are greeted by our concierge in the hallway.
"May I have a few moments of your time?" He asks.
"Sure."
"I don't mean to intrude on your trip, but I have an upgrade available and thought you might be interested."
"I like upgrades." Sam answers.
"Well, we have two couples who would like to upgrade to a room up here. We also have an empty two room corner suite. I was very discrete about you guys and my boss has authorized me to offer you the two room suite at no extra charge if you're willing to move right now. That will give me time to clean your rooms and move the other couples up here." He explains.
"Sold." I don't have to be asked twice.
Within thirty minutes, we move all of our things to the new suite. The ship may not charge me extra, but the concierge just earned double his tip. Not only are there two bedrooms with separate baths, but the corner balcony wraps around the length of the suite and each room has a balcony door. In the rooms are a king bed, a TV, and closets. In between the bedrooms is the living area which is easily the size of both our formers rooms combined with sofa, TV, kitchenette, and dining table. I'm sure there are bigger suites, but this is the biggest I've ever seen.
On our new balcony, Sam and I exchange high-fives and toast our good fortune. Overlooking the other side of the ship, we are soon joined by Nora and Donna. I'm not surprised, and utterly happy to report they are both completely naked.
"We had to break in the new balcony. It's a cruise ship rule." Donna tells me.
"Oh look. You can see the pool from here." Nora tells all of us.
Sure enough, from the end of our balcony, the adult pool is in full view. There are a few couples by the water, and they look up to find our naked women waving at them. As they wave back, I realize the ship is taking us where we feared once to tread. Subject only to the schedule of our trip, I stare off into the distance as the girls and Sam head inside.
Looking back to the pool, I realize one of the couples is still waving at me. It's my sister and her husband. Sheesh, what have we just revealed? I wave back, give a thumbs up, and head inside.
"Well, Donna, you and my sister definitely have something to talk about." I tell her.
"Oh?"
"Yep. She and her husband were one of the couples waving at you."
"Cool. Have you seen her topless? 'Cuz I'll definitely get her at least topless next time she's at that pool?" Donna smiles.
"You know what? I haven't, and I think that would be a tremendous idea. In fact, let's get all the women on this trip topless. That would be a huge turnon." I say sarcastically.
"Even your Mom? Ewww." Donna hits my arm and heads to the bedroom.
I join Donna, and watch her pull on her bikini bottoms. Then, to my surprise, she leaves.
"Where you going?" I ask as I follow her.
"To the pool. We have a mission." Donna replies as she slips a towel around her shoulders to cover her tits.
"Hey Sam? Casino?" I ask him.
"Sure."
"Cool. We can hit the pool after." I tell him as Nora joins Donna at the door, also just covered with a towel.
"See you in a little while. Be prepared to be shocked." Donna tells me as she and Nora walk out the door.
Curious, I walk out on the balcony and peek at the adult pool. Donna and Nora walk out and drop their towels at a table. After they jump in the water in front of my sister, Sam and I head down to the casino.
With all the gaming tables busy, I'm lucky to find a seat at a slot machine, put in my room key, and start the spinning fun. After clearing a few bucks, Sam waves me over to one of the roulette tables. It's a ten dollar table, so I study the numbers board as I get my couple of hundred in chips.
"Friendly wager?" Sam asks.
"Sure."
"Do you think your sister will go topless?" He asks.
"No."
"Alright, I think she will. So, if she does, I get your roulette winnings. If she doesn't, you get mine."
"Fun. Deal." I fist bump Sam and we start placing chips on the table.
I don't usually watch other roulette players since the numbers board is always updating, and I like to place my bets all over to create an active board. After about thirty minutes, I have the chips stacked nicely in front of me.
"How much you up?" Sam asks.
"Couple hundred."
"Me, too. Let's call it even, and go check on the girls. I think they've had enough time to get your sister into the game." He starts picking up his chips.
After depositing our winnings in our onboard accounts, we head out to the pool. Along the way, we grab a few more drinks. Stopping at the entrance to the adults-only entrance, we take a peek around the corner. Giddy like middle-school boys, we tap our bottles of beer in a winning toast. As we do so, my brother-in-law walks up.
"What's up guys?"
"Oh, hey Teddy. You met Sam last night at dinner."
"Hey." He replies as they shake hands.
"We made a bet about the pool. I guess we're all winners here." I tell Teddy.
"Dude, not that I minded Hannah taking off her top, but I had to take a break from all the exposed titties." Teddy tells us.
"Well, I see an opportunity here." I tell them.
The guys agree. We'll quietly walk in, kneel by our women, and rub sunscreen all over them. With their eyes covered by their towels, we're sure to surprise, and hopefully turn on. The only question remaining is whom gets to rub which woman. Sam and I give each other a knowing wink, so I up the ante.
"Okay, here's a wager for you to consider. You guys decide who I get. And, the first guy to get their woman completely naked wins a hundred bucks for the roulette or craps table."
Sam and Teddy converse quietly for a moment while I look into the pool. The girls are all still topless with eyes covered.
"Teddy thinks he should stick with Hannah, so I'll take Nora." Sam tells me.
"Perfect. Probably don't want to make her mad. Let's move. Just follow my lead." I feel we don't have a moment to waste and I lead them into the pool. We stop behind the women.
"You ladies look amazing." I tell all three as I stand behind Nora.
"Damn, Zoo, you scared me!" Hannah exclaims trying to cover up.
"Now. Now. Just stay there. Keep your eyes covered. We have a game to play. You have to guess which of us is putting sunscreen on your bodies. But, you only get to guess if you let us remove your bikini bottoms." Wow, I'm good I think to myself as I stare at my sister's tits. She has the largest rack of the three, with her breasts firmly in place with no sag. As she settles back into place, her nipples stand erectly up. To her left is Nora, with her somewhat smaller tits, and then Donna with the smallest set. After admiring Hannah, the three of us silently move around the girls, then into place.
As soon as I squirt a little sunscreen onto Donna's tummy, she begins wriggling out of her suit bottoms. It doesn't take long to get the few pieces of strings off her ass. With her smooth pussy now firmly in view, I let my hand wander all over her body. Starting at her neck, I smooth out the sunscreen and spread it all over her tits, firmly handling her nipples. After squirting more on her stomach just at waist level, I oil down her thighs, working up and down both legs, then lightly spread her legs to allow my fingers to lightly brush against her cunt.
Looking over at my partners in crime, Nora is, of course, bottomless, and Hannah is letting Teddy work hers down her thighs ever so slowly. My sister is sporting a nice thin landing strip. And then I notice it. She has no tanlines. Is my sister a freak? Did Teddy sucker me into this bet? He will definitely give up the info later in the casino.
Nora has her legs spread wide open for Sam, so I'm pretty sure she already figured out the ruse. My attention now back on Donna, I continue rubbing her all over which causes her to rub her ass into the lounger, then turn over. Now with her ass up, I have to put more sunscreen all over her back, then work it down her body to the bottoms of her feet. I make sure I work both sides of her ass with both hands and spread her cheeks to plunge my fingers as close to her asshole as possible.
Now doing as much to Donna as I dare with my brother-in-law watching, I wave a waiter over. After whispering some instructions for him to follow, we commence the guessing part of our game.
"Who thinks Teddy is putting sunscreen on their body? Just keep your eyes covered." The waiter asks.
Both Hannah and Nora raise their hands.
"Okay, now who thinks Sam is putting sunscreen on them?"
Donna raises her hand.
"Okay, and who thinks Zoo is putting their sunscreen on?"
Surprisingly, no one guessed me. I'm kinda glad so Donna and I can keep up appearances.
"Gentlemen, stand before your woman as they uncover their eyes. Women, go ahead." Our waiter leaves to refresh our drinks.
"Well, only Hannah got it right." I tell them as I look at her.
Hannah stays in place, not even trying to cover up. I'm impressed. I can see her pussy peeking out from under her thin landing strip of hair. I'm even more impressed by her overall tan. Teddy is one lucky, and undoubtedly happy, man. Sam and I trade places, and we all resume drinking and enjoying the pool. After talking to Donna, we make a calculated decision. When I find Hannah alone in the pool, I summon all my bravery and join her.
"Hannah, I have something to tell you, and it's not going to be easy. But, I really need your advice." I tell her while trying not to stare at the top half of her tits which are just above water.
"Oh? What kind of advice?" She asks.
"It would have to remain just between you and me; you can't even tell Teddy." I answer very seriously.
"Okay, then show me how much you trust me."
"What?" I answer quizzically.
"Take your suit off." Hannah directs.
"Ummm, okay?" I answer and begin taking off my suit underwater.
"Put it on the side of the pool."
"Here you go. What does this have to do with anything?" I ask after tossing my suit to my lounger.
"Well, here we are, brother and sister, totally naked with nothing to hide. Now, what's up?"
"Do you like my new girlfriend?" I ask her.
"You mean Donna?" Hannah answers quickly and stares me in the eyes.
"How did you know?"
"I'm your sister. I'm also an adult, and no way you hang out with a naked cousin for no reason. Seeing her naked on the balcony, I knew something was up. If you couldn't tell, I'm no stranger to nudity. But, that's another discussion. So, how did this happen?"
"Well, she came to Lake Travis my last year as an undergrad, and kinda stole my virginity. She didn't steal it exactly, just gave me lessons on sex, and we fell in love immediately. She's so free spirited, and we've had some true adventures together. Then, we developed this business, and have been inseparable."
"What advice do you need?"
"We want to tell our parents on this trip. What do you think?"
"Bad idea. They'll think you're trying to bribe them." Hannah says matter of factly.
"So, what do we do?"
"Well, there is something you need to know?" Hannah sounds a serious tone.
"Okay. Let me get Donna over here." I tell her.
"So, there's a reason I'm not freaked out." Hannah tells both me, and now Donna who is at my side in the water.
"Wait, you and Teddy?..." I start.
"No, no. Nothing like that. This goes higher. You see, Donna's Dad, our 'uncle' was adopted into the family. It just happened when he was so young, no one ever thought twice about calling him 'son' or 'brother'. He was a natural addition. So, now has the game changed?" Hannah goes silent, waiting to see our reactions.
"So, do we just come out to Mom and Dad? Do you think they'll be mad? Wait, are you making this up?" I point blank ask Hannah.
"Hey, no way. I'm in here naked, too, with nothing to hide." Hannah answers quickly.
"Alright. Sorry. So, what's next?"
"Well, that part's up to you. I wouldn't flaunt it until you tell them. Maybe at our last stop in Cozumel? After that, it's a full day sail back to Galveston. You might even get them out here." Hannah laughs.
Getting out of the water, I'm not even worried about my nudity in front of my sister. Sitting on the side of the pool, I let her check me out while I gently massage Donna's left shoulder. Looking at her tits underwater, I allow myself to harden ever so slightly right there. I don't know if I have a really large cock, but I'm incredibly turned on with this new exposure.
"Looks like someone needs some more sun." Hannah says as she stares at my enlarging dick.
"That's the plan for tomorrow. Care to join?" I tell her about our plan in Jamaica.
"As long as Donna doesn't think it's creepy for us to hang out, I bet I can talk Teddy into it." Hannah laughs, knowing full well Teddy won't turn down the chance to see lots more skin.
Thus, our plans are set. After an early dinner, Donna and I return to our room and enjoy the new, larger balcony for serious sucking and fucking. The ocean breeze is refreshing at night, and it's always amazing to see all the stars you can't see in the big cities. We plan for our big day at the resort by drinking lots of water. Donna is intoxicating, and I slurp her up as long as I can. Whether she stands over my face at the balcony railing, or lays before me on the king sized bed, I simply cannot get enough of eating her. Finally, as I feel her relax her entire body, I climb on top and begin fucking her slowly, then increasing the speed until she can no longer stand it. Plunging into her one last time, Donna loses herself all over me, and cums over and over. Lifting myself out of her, I allow myself to squirt all over her stomach. Donna then takes my cock in her right hand, and strokes the last remnants of cum into her hand. Falling beside her, I watch her lick her hand as I fall asleep.
Waking later to the sounds of the ocean through the open door onto the balcony, I walk over quietly and discover Donna sitting in a chair with her back to me and her legs spread wide open. From my angle, I can see she is furiously rubbing her pussy. Walking up behind her, I grab her hair and hold her head in place. Taking her left nipple firmly in my fingers, I squeeze hard. The effect is almost immediate and Donna cums again as I pinch her breast. And then, she stands up as if nothing happened.
"Sorry, I had to do that. Now, back to bed." Donna tells me, pulling me into her arms.
"I have always loved your hair like this." I tell Donna as I run my fingers through her wind ravaged tresses. It was quite windy on the balcony.
"You mean the 'cruise ship hair, don't care' look?" Donna asks as she leads me into bed. Snuggling tightly, we fall asleep quickly.
The next day, both Donna and Nora treat the concierge to their special brand of hospitality as he brings in the early morning snacks. Both naked, they greet him and give him simultaneous pecks on the cheek. From there, we get into our suits, pack a small bag, and head to the dining room. Now a group of six, we disembark from the ship for the first time. At the port, we grab the first minivan cab we can find in line waiting to whisk away tourists. Passing all the big name spots, we end up near Lucea. The first thing we do is head to the top of the resort's main building to take a look at Cuba through a telescope. It may only be land, but I've always wanted to see it. If only the people of Cuba knew what was going on over here.
After thanking our lucky stars we live in America, the beach beckons and we head down. We find our cabana is not only poolside, but gives us wonderful access to the white sand and sparkling clean turquoise waters of the Gulf. Peeling off every bit of clothing we are wearing, all of us run into the cool saltwater. With the sun already high above us, and not a cloud in the sky, the afternoon will go far too quickly. It's not that I didn't want to fuck Donna, but we kept very busy with fun in both the gulf waters, and the amazing pool. With everyone just about completely nude, we were able to act as normally as if we were at a regular neighborhood pool or Texas beach. In fact, it felt almost abnormal to put clothes back when it was time to leave.
All six of us probably had favorite spots, but mine was the volleyball in the pool. I've never felt so free as when we were jumping around with a bunch of strangers in a friendly game of pickup volleyball. The outdoor shower for our cabana was a close second, especially when Donna and I had a moment togetherto rinse each other off and run our hands all over each other. I hope many people saw me grab her tits, but I doubt anyone was paying any attention. Other than that, we didn't see anyone having sex per se, so we simply enjoyed the company of our family and friends.
Back at the ship, we all headed to our rooms to clean up for dinner. Once our elevator was a couple of floors away, Donna and Nora both stripped down and handed us their suits. It was a very pleasant walk to our room from there as we admired their naked asses and really tanned skin. Inside the room, Nora dragged Sam to their room, and Donna did likewise with me. By the time she closed the door, I had stripped off my suit and sat on the bed so Donna could climb onto my hard cock. Rocking back and forth while I held her, Donna rubbed herself on me for at least fifteen minutes. I don't know how I lasted, but I was engrossed in kissing her tits and holding her ass, I felt I could last all day. Finally, I laid back and pulled Donna onto my face. She still tasted of saltwater and I licked every salt part I could find withmy tongue. To finish off, Donna turned around, put her pussy back on my mouth, and bent down to suck me. The warmth of her mouth was more than I could take, and I quickly squirted into her mouth. Not letting go of her hips, I kept Donna in place so I could feel her cum on my face. After I sucked her as dry as possible, we made our way into the shower and got ready for dinner.
Speaking of dinner, I was surprised no one was suspicious, or at least asked how our business meeting went. Our fresh tans had to stand out, not to mention how the six of us stuck together for the meal, talking in code about what we saw at the resort. It was kinda a blast. With plans to hit the disco again, even Hannah and Teddy joined in the after meal drink rather than the nightly show.
"Wait 'til you see the disco." I told him.
"Why's that?"
"Dude, we will get them naked again. I promise." I laugh at the thought of how much of my sister I've seen.
"Hey, let's go see if the casino is busy." He tells me and Sam.
"Hey ladies, I have a bet to pay off. We'll be in the casino so come get us before the disco opens?" I tell them, and we head out.
After paying off my debt with Teddy, I settle into the roulette table and proceed to lose the hundred bucks I started off. Luckily, Donna arrived to save me. And boy, did she ever.