It was late November and the day, a few months ago, was raw and gray, typical for southeastern PA at this time of the year. I had been working out of doors all morning and, despite being dressed in layers, was pretty chilled to the bone by the time I arrived back at my office. I work in a newer building just adjacent to a trendy upscale neighborhood, and the office building houses a variety of tenants ranging from a medical group to an accounting firm and even a small but popular tutoring business, located next door on the same level as my office. The tutoring firm services both grade school kids as well as recent high school graduates who lacked the grades and test scores for immediate admission to college but at the least could seek to find improvement with additional lessons. All types of courses are offered, including subjects like math, languages and science. The tutoring firm is owned by a real sharp 30-year-old lady named Tessie who has really seen her company grow over the course of the past several years. In fact, she now employs several other tutors to handle overflow with her main responsibility to teach the sciences, mainly biology.
Besides Tessie's business acumen, she is physically striking with her dark hair and 5.5' firm body, filling out any outfit she wears to work. She is a strong woman in many ways. I admit that even though I'm married, I often think of her, looking forward to arriving at my office on the chance that I will get to see her. In any case, upon arriving back to the office that day I shed my heavy coat and switched on my desktop computer, looking forward to at least getting something done as my production seemed to be in quicksand the prior several weeks. While the computer was warming up, I headed to the men's room, turning the lock mechanism on my office door to the unlock position so as to not lock myself out. For privacy, I generally do the opposite when I return to the office, but for some reason I guess I forgot to do so on that particular day. I sat back down at my desk and proceeded to take a peek at current emails and some news webpages to catch up on the day's stories, but my mind started to wander a bit to Tessie who was in the building but teaching a course at the time. As she occasionally stops by or we meet in the hallway to chat, I was hoping our paths would cross that day also.
But I couldn't wait, so I loaded Facebook and brought up her homepage, something I would often do. Truth be told, I enjoy looking at photos of her, especially from her summer trip albums where she was occasionally dressed in a bikini. One photo in particular always strikes my fancy, with her in a green swimsuit, wet having just had a swim, clinging to her tanned body in all the right places. As always, I first fix my eyes on her sweet face but quickly wander to her protruding nipples and then lower to her well-defined labia lips, so clearly visible through the wet suit.
As I was spying on the pictures, I began to get excited, and started to rub myself through my jeans. Lord, she always has the same effect on me and as usual, I began to fantasize that she could somehow see me playing as I stared at her. I undid my belt, unhooked my jeans and pulled down my zipper, rubbing myself through my white briefs. The heat from my penis could be felt outside of my underwear, but that was not enough, and I pulled them aside and out came the head and hard shaft. I adjusted a bit and pulled out my balls as well, now fully exposed. I'm not sure why, and I have wondered about it many times, but I seem to get most excited when imagining a woman watching me. Perhaps the perceived embarrassment and shame of having someone see such a private thing enhances the experience more, and I often swivel my work chair to the side and kind of expose myself to the empty office, away from my desk, again imagining that an audience of even one is with me, watching me degrade myself.
Pretty soon, as I was now beginning to get really excited, and with the bikini shot of Tessie still on the left side of my screen, I Googled CFNM and began to watch videos of all types of scenarios where men are fully naked in the presence of girls, often with the girls forcing the men to masturbate in front of them. Of course, that made me even more steamy, especially with Tessie's face still onscreen as well.
As I have done in the past, and as I got even more erect as I thought about showing myself off, I got up, now with my pants half down, walked around and leaned up against the front of my desk, directly facing my office door. Just the thought of someone there, Tessie in particular, standing in the open doorway watching me slowly masturbate my now 7" penis was so exciting. I turned my monitor towards me as I stood in front of the desk and I dropped my jeans and underwear to my ankles, pretty much fully exposed at this point, and as I closed my eyes, I rubbed the underside with just a finger, from the base to the head. I was now rock hard, with my full erection curving up and throbbing.
I daydreamed a bit more but was then interrupted by a knock on my door. Thinking that the door was locked, I offered a somewhat muffled "Hang on a minute", but before I knew it, the door opened and there, incredibly, was Tessie, thinking I had said to come in, standing there with eyes fixed on my erect penis and her mouth agape. She raised her hand as if to cover her eyes in shocked dismay, and she immediately said she was so sorry, but then her eyes wandered to my computer screen where half the screen was filled with that shot of her in the green bikini and the other half filled with images of a guy jerking off in front of three clothed girls. She began to say something, but no words came out, and she slowly began to back out of the office.
I am still not sure how or why, but I implored her to please not leave. She stopped, and proceeded to close the office door behind her, stepping further into the room and closer to where I was standing in front of my desk, now with my hands cupped in front of my rapidly deflating penis.
"What's going on here", she wondered, "and why do you have that picture of me on your screen?"
I assured her that I of course meant her no harm, but admitted that I think of her often and that sometimes I succumb to my sexual urges and wonder what it would be like for her to watch me touch myself, and even better, direct me to do so. I assured her that I would never expose myself to anyone without their permission and I thought that my door was locked as it usually is when I play like this.
"You mean you have done this before", she asked? With my head now bowed from embarrassment, I admitted that yes, I had done this before, once or twice even pulling my pants and underwear completely off and masturbating right in front of the closed door, again wishing she was watching me as if the door was wide open.
Tessie had calmed just a bit as we continued to speak, and she listened intently to my feelings and fantasy. She admitted that in truth it made her a bit excited too, not only having an all but naked guy in front of her now trying to cover a once again full erection, but that it was she who was the object of much of my lust. I explained that for as long as I could remember I have had these types of sexual fantasies, almost always involving me being fully exposed, erect and masturbating in front of women, but when at my office it was always her who I would think about. She seemed to understand and, in some ways, console me as I detailed my embarrassing obsession.
She assured me that everything was OK and that as peculiar of a circumstance we had found ourselves in, we were two adults and that perhaps she could help me fulfill my fantasy, although she did say she would not touch me in any way. I lifted my head and expressed both relief and appreciation; mostly that she didn't think I was some type of nutcase. I think that her background in education allowed her to have an understanding that yes, everyone is different, especially regarding sexual quirks and that no, I was not hurting anyone, nor would I ever do so.
With that, she approached me and with her right hand moved both of my hands away from my barely hidden penis, fully exposing it. I must say that my body turned electric and my penis arched up and was throbbing. She squatted so as to be at mid height and examined me in detail. She told me, more like ordered me, to spread my legs more and move the shaft upwards to have the head near my belly to get a better view of the underside, wanting me to show her where the most sensitive areas were, which I did.
As I released, my taut erection, now with the shaft pink and the head more purple in hue, was bulging with veins clearly visible. At that moment, Tessie turned playful, asking me if I could make it jump up and down on its own. With her literally inches away, I made my penis bob up and down, which she seemed to absolutely love. She then told me to sway my hips to and fro, which made the shaft and head move left to right and back. She ordered me to do so faster, which I did, which caused the shaft to bounce off each thigh as I turned. I was in absolute heaven as I was made to perform for her, and on her behalf, her eyes were twinkling with not only a sense of amazement at the predicament but also at her apparently being in control of the situation. She owned me and she knew it.
As Tessie had been bending down all this time, she rose to her feet and looked around. I realized that she was looking for a chair to sit on so she could watch in more comfort. Ever the gentleman, I started to walk around my desk to where my chair was still tucked under the desk, but I had to kind of waddle as my pants and underwear were still around my ankles making it a bit hard to walk. She smiled at the sight of me trying to walk, especially with my fully exposed erect penis moving with a mind of its own with each step. I retrieved the chair and slid it over to the middle of the office in front of my desk, where she promptly sat down and once again began to scrutinize my exposed organ as I leaned back onto my desk pushing my waist towards her. My right hand involuntarily moved to my penis and I began to stroke it lightly. I am not sure if I had ever been as excited, with my erection being hard as steel but the shaft being so ultra-smooth.
Tessie then proceeded to ask me if I would obey her requests, which I readily agreed to. She then ordered me to remove my shoes and slide off my jeans and underwear. I bent over and untied the shoelaces and took off the shoes, followed by my jeans and underwear which easily slid off. At that moment, I was fully naked from the waist down. She then told me to unbutton my shirt, which I did and then removed it for her when told. It was obvious that in a moment or two I would be fully naked in front of her. Sure enough, the undershirt was ordered removed next.
What a sight I must have been, 20 years her senior, fully exposed in front of her. If even possible, the bright lights of my office fixtures made me feel even more naked, more vulnerable. I was experiencing all sorts of feelings, ranging from sheer lust to extreme shame, with my naked penis remaining fully erect the whole time.
At that point, we were both silent for a moment, with Tessie appearing to be pondering how to proceed. Then, out of the blue, she began to tell me that I was very naughty and only a very bad man would expose himself like that. She said I deserved to be spanked, but not on my butt. I was fearful that she would slap my face and leave a mark which I might find difficult to explain. But she had another idea and then waved her right hand and slapped my penis, surprising me mainly because she had said she would play but would not touch. I guess slapping was not considered touching...
The slap was mostly gentle but did cause the shaft to fully sway and then rebound. She seemed to enjoy the sight and then did it again, just a bit harder. She then told me to grab my balls and kind of pull them downward, making my shaft move down also and making it even more rigid and taut. While she looked like she was enjoying my predicament, she again stated how naughty I was and for me to present myself for another spanking. I leaned forward and with my penis more rigid from pulling it downward and she once again slapped it, this time taking an aim for the middle of the shaft area. Being rigid, there was no play and it just sort of stayed straight absorbing the blow. She did that several times, each time with more force. What a strange sensation, incredibly exciting and while not debilitating, a bit painful as well.
At that point, Tessie looked at her watch and realized that her next teaching session would be in about 25 minutes and told me so. While I wished this dream could have lasted forever, I knew at some point it would have to end but in truth, I was almost panting to squirt my cum. I was hoping that she would watch me do that.
Looking around the room, she spied my extra office chair and told me to bring it over and have a seat facing her. I wheeled it over along the tile floor and sat down facing her. She ordered me to slink down in the chair, forcing my midsection out closer and more visible to her. She then leaned forward in her chair and told me to stroke myself, but that I should not cum until told. She told me to touch myself in all kinds of ways, just along the underside, then just the head, then one hand on my shaft and one massaging my balls. She told me to rub along a specific area and just like the teacher she is, took out her pen and touched my penis with it in the exact spot she wanted me to touch. One moment it was just one of my fingers lightly rubbing and the next was my fist stroking the whole organ. I was on fire, with the whole process so exhilarating, her directing me how to masturbate for her.
At that moment, she leaned forward and moved her head towards my penis. Thinking that just maybe she might lick me, I made it jump up and down, but her idea only including leaning over it and dripping a big dollop of spit onto the head, ordering me to spread it around. The spit only made my penis even more sensitive, not to mention making it glisten, again the result of the custom office lighting above.
By that point, my penis was even more electric, standing straight up and shining like a red popsicle. It almost felt as if it was both detached from my body and the whole of my body. At that moment, there seemed to be nothing else. She then told me to stop and just squeeze the base as if to trap blood in the top portion of the shaft and head. What an exquisite feeling, followed by her ordering me to slink down even further in the chair so that it was like I was presenting my penis to her.
As time was now limited, she told me she wanted me to cum for her, and she wanted to clearly see it fly out from me. In my position on the chair, almost prone leaning back and pushing my midsection out, with my penis pointing straight up yet curved towards my face, I knew that a powerful cum would most likely hit my upper chest, or chin or even my mouth. Tessie knew that too and told me that when I felt it cumming I was to open my mouth to catch any sperm if it flew that far.
At that point, I was just a mass of nerve endings, ready for the final show. As before, I suddenly began to feel pangs of shame as I knew Tessie would be soon seeing me have a release, something so typically extremely private, and even more humiliating than my stripping naked, shaking my hips and making my penis sway for her, her slapping it telling me I was a naughty boy and all the rest. I was about to cum in front of her and possibly shoot sperm into my mouth (which I had never done).
Tessie's intuition caused her to somehow sense my trepidation and she said she knew that I would be embarrassing myself but just to go with it. At that moment she placed her hand directly on my penis and stroked it gently a few times, almost to reassure me that all was good. I knew I would cum soon and so did she, and to allow for my full erotic dream to come true, she removed her hand and lightly touched my right hand, moving it back to my penis. I nodded and began stroking in earnest. I could literally feel the impending orgasm originating in my toes and traveling right to my penis shaft. Still more or less prone on my chair, I arched my back and lifted my behind fully off the chair, forcing my penis towards Tessie, whose eyes were bugging with expectation, and I opened my mouth just in case. At that moment, it happened, the first shot spewing from me and landing on my upper chest. The second shot, with me arching up even more, was even more powerful and incredibly went right into my mouth. The next hit my chin and the rest, several other spasms, landed on my chest.
This was an orgasm like no other, but once again my first emotion was of deep shame. The extreme lust left me almost as quickly as my sperm flew out and there I was, naked, deflating and with sperm in my mouth and on my chin and chest. Tessie ordered me to swallow what had made its way into my mouth, which I did.
I was fully red-faced and spent as I returned to a more normal sitting position in my chair. Still fully naked, and somewhat light-headed, I was again struck how I had stripped naked, masturbated and ejaculated for a woman other than my wife, someone who was a lot younger and who was pretty darn cute.
That inevitable "moments after" feeling was relieved somewhat when Tessie advised that she must leave in a few minutes to prepare and welcome her next class. She kissed me on the cheek and whispered that she hoped my CFNM experience was all that I had wished for. I nodded yes. She assured me that she too enjoyed the experience.
As she was gathering herself to leave, she asked if I had ever considered doing the same for a group of girls. That made me wonder why she would say "girls" as opposed to "women". She got kind of a devilish look and told me she did have a tutor class of girls, all between 18 and 20, that required additional study in biology, and asked if I would consider being a male model for the male anatomy and sexuality portion of the course. I guess my face expressed my desires and, on her way out the door, Tessie said she would be in touch.