The sun was just starting to rise when David finally arrived at the house in the countryside. He had been driving all night, stopping only once for gas, and he had the weariness of a long journey in his eyes.
As he pulled into the driveway, he looked up at the building and was struck by a sudden pang of guilt. His brother Ian lived here happily with his wife Dolores, and here he was, about to intrude on their daily routines. He had called them the night before to let them know he was coming, but he still felt like an unwelcome trespasser.
He slowly opened the car door and stepped out, his feet feeling like lead weights as he trudged toward the entrance. He was nearly there when he heard the sound of laughter coming from inside, and he stopped in his tracks.
Through the window, he could see Ian and Dolores in the living room, kissing and embracing like newlyweds. He felt a wave of sinful regret as he watched them, but he couldn't look away.
This was the brother he had grown up with, the one he had shared so many childhood memories with. But Dolores had long replaced him as Ian's soulmate, while the story of his own love life would easily fit on a post-it note.
He watched as the couple kissed and embraced, until finally his brother stepped away and began getting ready for work. His wife remained in the living room, and David couldn't help but admire her beauty. It was obvious why his brother loved her so much. He couldn't deny that he was incredibly jealous.
David remained in the driveway until his brother had left, and then he slowly made his way to the front door and let himself in. Dolores was still in the living room, and she gave him a warm welcome.
"Good morning, David, how have you been?" she said with a smile.
"Good morning, Dolores." David replied, nervously.
She gestured for him to sit down, and he did, feeling awkward and out of place.
"Well, David." she said. "You know you're more than welcome to stay here as long as you need. I'm sure your brother won't mind either."
They exchanged some small talk, and Dolores inquired about his long journey, until she looked at her watch and said: "I'm afraid I don't have more time to catch up right now, as I need to be in the office shortly. Here's the key to the front door. I guess you already know your way to the guest room. We'll talk later."
David thanked her and then quickly excused himself, heading to his room to unpack.
That evening, they all sat down together and took their time to catch up. David and Ian dug up some memorable anecdotes from their childhood, and Dolores listened with great interest. The atmosphere was warm and pleasant, and David felt quite at home and appreciated the hospitality with which the couple had received him.
As the days passed, David gradually became more comfortable in the house. He often found himself near his brother's bedroom, as if there were a secret allure that drew him to it. He'd often find himself creeping at the doorway, just in time to catch a glimpse of his brother and his wife in a passionate embrace.
He felt guilty for spying on them, but he also took a certain perverse pleasure in it. He'd never seen his brother being intimate with a woman before, and there was something uniquely thrilling about it. Especially since that woman was Dolores, a natural beauty with a fantastic personality. Her curves were so perfect even the greatest painters would find it hard to replicate. To watch them like that, was like a secret he was sharing with them, and he felt strangely connected to them in that moment.
David didn't know that Ian and Dolores had obviously caught glimpses of his shadow at the door, but neither of them had decided to speak up about it. In Ian's case, it was likely a sense of pride, impressing little brother with his valuable price. While Dolores had always felt the desire to be watched, it was no coincidence she had become a celebrity with her live talk show on television. Ian and David were also more similar than they'd realize, so she recognized the same qualities in David that she came to love about her husband.
One day, when he peaked into their bedroom, David caught Ian on the phone while his other hand was handling some kind of small device. His mumbled voice made David assume it had to be Dolores at the other end, but he couldn't understand a word of their conversation. He did notice a peculiar smile on Ian's face, while he talked quietly but with a clear excitement in his tone. David was quite certain the phone call was very intimate, but he had no clue what was up with the little device.
When David caught his brother in a similar situation again the following week, he realized it was around the exact same time. And again, Ian was playing with the device, while excitedly talking to his phone. David's curiosity was too much for him, and he quietly sneaked into the room, just enough to catch bits of the ongoing conversation.
It didn't take too long before he began to understand what the couple had been up to. Dolores always secluded herself in her office at the TV studio, while wearing a remote-controlled vibrator. And then she called Ian, who talked dirty to her while playing with the buttons on the remote. It all started to make sense to David, climaxing with Ian's help was her way to relieve tension before she had to go live on television.
He quite enjoyed listening in, but after a short while he decided to leave before he got caught. While quietly escaping the premises, David made a mental note to pass by the bedroom that same evening, as he fantasized how Ian might be in for a special reward from his precious wife when she came back home.
David had almost forgotten about these events, when one evening he was relaxing in the couch. Ian had gone out, and David was about to watch Dolores make her next appearance on television. As he was pouring a drink, he suddenly noticed his brother had nonchalantly left the remote control for the vibrator on the living room table.
A twisted thought entered his perverted mind, as he pictured an aroused Dolores sweating and moaning in her microphone in front of millions of viewers. He quickly dismissed the thought, as he liked her too much to consider such a humiliation, not to mention he wouldn't want to jeopardize her career.
"But maybe," he thought, "a little buzz on the lowest setting wouldn't cause any harm. Assuming she didn't remove the device of course." He was convinced she would manage to play it off so the viewers would never realize what was going on.
The idea was too exciting to ignore, and after the break he had already convinced himself to proceed with his little prank. He grabbed the remote and pushed the button, without giving too much thought about all potential consequences. Dolores' eyes instantly popped out of her head, while a gasp escaped her lips. She managed to quickly recover her posture and phrase her next question as the camera panned back to her guest.
As the show continued, she showed remarkable self-control to hide the pleasure engulfing her body. Luckily, the initial shock had happened so quickly that none of the viewers could possibly suspect anything.
But David knew of course, and he no longer considered turning off the device. He enjoyed watching the little details in her body language that exposed the real sensations going on behind her serious façade. David took immense pleasure from knowing he was in full control of that arousal, and that he could instantly ramp up the intensity if he wished to do so. Not that he planned to do that.
He was so immersed in the spectacle that he hadn't even heard the door opening, and the footsteps were already very close when they caught his attention. In panic, he looked up and saw his brother approaching. It was clear Ian had already understood what was transpiring here, and David was kind of expecting him to violently lash out at him for what he had done to Dolores.
But to his surprise, that was totally not what happened. Instead, Ian calmly watched the scene as he took place near David in the couch. As if he somehow had already expected this outcome. Could it be that he had planned this all along and had deliberately "forgotten" the remote on the table?
A peaceful smile spread over his face, and he quickly whispered to David with a slight nod of approval: "Seems like you've found out... why I do what I do. You like her too, eh?"
David was stunned and embarrassed by Ian's sudden insight. He nodded meekly, not being able to find the right words for his confession.
"There's no need to be ashamed," Ian continued calmly. "it's perfectly understandable when one sees how delightful she can be when aroused like that. And to be honest with you, brother, it's been far too long since we did anything exciting together. Doesn't this feel exactly like the naughty and forbidden things we used to do together when we were kids? I'm pretty sure she can handle THIS..."
Before David had even fully processed his words, Ian took the remote and increased the intensity by one level. His words had managed to completely wipe all fear and shame from David's thoughts. They really were partners in crime again, and he felt an immense satisfaction from feeling this strong fraternal connection.
And of course, just like his brother, he quite enjoyed seeing the extra changes in Dolores' facial expressions. She was still able to hide it well and the pearls of sweat rolling down her cheeks could easily be attributed to the heat of the stage lights, but for those in the know the difference was quite apparent.
They continued to watch together, and luckily for Dolores the show was about the end. When the ads came up, Ian turned off the device and the brothers broke out in laughter. Their love for Dolores and their perverted thoughts had brought them closer together again.
Later that evening, Dolores came home and found both brothers waiting in the couch.
"Hey honey, welcome home. I hope you had a great time with the show today." Ian said with a smirk on his face. Dolores' eyes wandered from her husband to David -who warmly smiled back at her- to the remote that was deliberately placed right in front of them on the living room table.
With a deep sigh, she answered: "I can't believe you boys had the guts to pull me something like that. That was quite... tense!"
"I'm sorry baby," Ian replied, "we really couldn't resist and I'm sure nobody else even noticed anything. I'm sure you enjoyed that quite a bit."
She looked back at him with played anger, but she couldn't hide the big smile underneath.
"By the way, honey," he continued "I know we already discussed your attraction to David, and I can confirm the feeling is entirely mutual, isn't it, David?"
David answered him confidently: "It certainly is, Ian! Dolores, you are absolutely stunning. And I'm not just referring to your looks, I really admire your personality, and I couldn't thank you enough for how you have made my brother the happiest person on the planet. I admit I've been jealous, and I'm really glad it's all out in the open now and I no longer need to hide anything."
"Oh, David," she said, "I'm so happy you feel this way. I know it's weird, but I love that we can finally talk about it and work together as a trio to get more out of our relationship. All the time I had been wondering which one of you had the nerve to prank me like that, but I hadn't considered you were both in on it. Only in my wildest dreams, I would have fantasized about that."
Without another word, she stepped closer to David and kissed him deeply on the lips. She then trailed her hands down his body before kneeling in front of him, unbuttoning his pants, and taking his erect cock in her mouth. His head fell back as he gasped with pleasure, being taken over by the sensation of this forbidden act. He looked up at Ian who was still smiling encouragingly, and realized they had been right all along - it does feel like when they were together as kids. A feeling that is just too good not to enjoy...
Meanwhile, Ian had moved closer to Dolores and started to undress her. He slowly pulled off her shirt, revealing her pale skin underneath the fabric. His hands were gentle and warm as he cupped her full breasts in his palms, kneading softly before finally grabbing them firmly and pushing them together so they could both feel the heat of their mutual desire. His lips trailed down her neck as he reached for the zip on the back of her dress, slipping it down one notch at a time until finally it was all the way off, leaving nothing but a thin black lace lingerie set that showed off every curve of her body.
Ian motioned his wife to stand up, and started to touch and lick her, while David moved behind her, doing the same. His hands ran down her back and over her hips as he kissed her neck passionately. His lips then moved lower and traced a path of pleasure around her body until they finally reached their destination -- the apex of her thighs. David was still standing behind her and firmly squeezed her breasts, before he started to play with her nipples. Meanwhile, his tongue caressed her ears... her neck... her back.
The sensations were too overwhelming for Dolores. She felt as if her body was melting into a pool of pleasure, and before she knew it, Ian had started to remove her panties and now circled his tongue around her clit. She moaned loudly in response and David's finger also joined the playing field, slowly caressing her asshole in tiny circles.
As they both moved their hands and tongues exploring every inch of her body, she felt herself getting close to the edge. Ian looked deep into his wife's eyes as he whispered: "Let go now baby, let yourself go...", before he passionately kissed her and their tongues became deeply intertwined, while David was wildly stimulating her clit with his finger.
The intensity of the sensations was too much for Dolores, and with one last moan she finally let go. Her orgasm was so powerful that her legs felt weak. Ian and David both understood what was happening and knew exactly what to do. They both lifted her up and carried her to the bed, where they continued to please her with their tongues and fingers.
Dolores felt as if she was in heaven; her mind completely blank from all the pleasure she had just experienced. As they moved in perfect synchrony, exploring every inch of each other's body, it seemed like time had stopped for them all. For the first time in a very long time, Dolores felt truly connected to herself and these two beautiful men who had opened a world of pleasure that she never knew existed before...
Ian opened her legs, then looked deep into her eyes, before thrusting his shaft into her soaking wet pussy. She moaned in pleasure and opened her legs even wider to welcome him in. Meanwhile, she could feel David licking her belly and she almost exploded with pleasure. Her moans were so loud that David had to turn up the stereo to keep their neighbors from hearing them.
"Yes, baby, please fuck me harder..." she screamed while he slammed in and out of her. It was the first time she let herself go like this, exploring her sexuality so openly and letting these men look at her body and admire it. David's hands were on her breasts, tweaking her nipples, and it felt so good. Ian had his hands on her thighs and was thrusting harder and harder into her, which was making her scream. Her eyes were fixated on her husband, and behind him, she could see David's eyes. She loved the way he looked at her and the contentedness he was getting from pleasuring her.
Ian increased his speed even more and eventually exploded wildly, filling her with his warm sticky cum. Now it was David's turn. He gave Dolores a passionate kiss, before gently sliding his manhood inside her. Meanwhile, Ian was masturbating, while a finger of his other hand caressed Dolores' lips. Her hand started playing with his balls.
David started pumping harder and harder, he was almost out of this world and getting close to delirium. With a loud moan he retracted his shaft and released a big load on her belly. Not much later, Ian brought himself to another climax and expanded the pool of semen on her belly.
After several hours of passionate lovemaking, the exhausted trio sank down on the bed and shared some more intimate kisses. They eventually fell asleep in a tight embrace and slept like babies. But before sleep took over, David could not help but whisper into her ear: "I love you, Dolores. I want to spend the rest of my life with you and Ian. I want to continue this journey with you and explore a whole new world..."
"David, I think you should move in permanently." she replied.
Ian didn't have to speak to share his opinion, the gigantic smile on his face said more than a thousand words could ever do.