Josie couldn't believe she was standing here topless in front of some guy she didn't even know. Her nipples were rock hard and her slit was so wet she was convinced her shorts must be soaked through. She just wanted him to leave so that she could get rid of the fire. And then Jaina slid her shorts down and she was completely exposed to him. The orgasm that followed was one of the most intense of her life. When she came back to her senses, the door was closed and she was leaning back against Jaina, who's hands had encircled her. Jaina was rubbing her nipples with her left hand while her right massaged her clit softly.
"Oh my god, I can't believe you just did that to me." Josie said.
"You seemed to have enjoyed it. And I know he did." Jaina purred in her ear. "I'm so turned on right now." She slid her fingers through Josie's slit and brought them to her mouth, slurping loudly. "And you taste wonderful."
Josie turned around quickly, stepping out of her shorts in the process. "Hey! What are you doing?"
Jaina slid her fingers inside Josie again, then started licking them like a lollipop. "Well, I wouldn't want it to go to waste. Plus I've wanted to taste you since I saw you."
Josie flushed more as she watched Jaina lick her fingers. She couldn't believe that an hour ago she was showing up at her new dorm and she had already seen her roommate naked, watched her flash her brother, flashed and orgasmed in front of her new roommate and the pizza boy and now been tasted by her new roommate. Without thinking she dove forward, pressing her body against Jaina, sliding her tongue down her throat.
Jaina was a bit taken back by her roomy's sudden brazen actions, but quickly recovered, sliding her arms around her and massaging her firm behind as she grinded their nipples and clits together. After a few intense moments she pulled back, much to Josie's disappointment. "Why don't we go into my room and continue this?" Taking Josie's hand she led her inside, then around the bed, sitting her so she was facing the balcony. Pushing her back onto the bed, she leaned forward, suckling softly on her nipples. She grinned softly to herself. Josie seemed to not have noticed, but when she turned on the light she had seen that across the way that two boys had moved in and had definitely noticed the two nude beauties across the way. She moved to the side, spreading Josie's legs as she slid down and slid her tongue down her slit before flicking it on her clit, allowing the boys across the way the best view. She looked up briefly, smirking as she saw them scrambling to get binoculars and cameras. Jaina, unaware of anything but the tongue on her clit massaged her breasts, pinching her nipples as she moaned loudly. Jaina sucked furiously on her clit, bringing her to a quick and loud orgasm after which she quickly passed out, legs still splayed.
Jaina was hot and ready for more, she rolled onto her back, side by side with Josie, pulling a pillow under her back so she could sit up. Smiling across at the boys, she spread her legs wide, now offering them two pussies for viewing, and slid the fingers of her right hand inside her slit while massaging her clit with her left. Arching her back and working her fingers furiously for a few minutes she cried out in pleasure. Legs still splayed, she relaxed, slowly licking her fingers clean. Then, grinning again to the boys she moved down and lapped at Josie's slit, cleaning it slowly to soft purrs from her roomie.
Turned on again, she couldn't believe how hot it was to finally have an audience, she reached under her other pillow, pulling out a golden vibrator. She licks the length of it suggestively before laying face down beside Josie again. Lifting her ass in the air she flicked it on and slid it all the way inside herself, her free hand working on her clit again. Face buried in her pillow she worked herself to several more loud and memorable orgasms before rolling onto her side, licking it clean and snuggling up to Josie. With a final wave to the boys she drifted off to sleep.
The next morning Josie awoke to the sound of the shower running. She purred, stretching languishingly, before sitting up. Her legs still splayed out she smiled, looking out at the sunshine before her eyes settled on the room across the way... and two boys smiling and waving at her, holding cameras and what looked like a camcorder. With a startled peep she flipped backwards, hiding behind the bed as she heard the shower shut off. She popped just her head up as Jaina sauntered out of the bathroom, still completely naked.
"Jaina! Get down, those boys can see us!"
Jaina just smiled, turning towards the boys and waving. "I know. But you can get up. They saw all this and a lot more last night."
Josie blushed from head to toe. "You mean... they saw you... to me? Oh my god."
Smirking, Jaina turned back towards Josie. "It's ok. I don't think they minded. And I'm sure they'll see a lot more throughout the semester. That is, if you enjoyed last night. Come on out and wave to your adoring public at least."
"Well, I did enjoy that... and I think I'd like to try to.. to you. Oh, I can't believe I'm doing this.." She stood up, keeping her hands to the side as she moved over next to Jaina. Side by side they both waved to the smiling boys. "But they have cameras and camcorders.. what are we going to do? They could put us all over campus or the internet."
"I don't think they will, but hold on." She reached over and grabbed a big piece of paper and a marker. Writing quickly she then held up the sign. Josie leaned over and read: Hope you enjoyed the show. If you want them to continue, keep those recordings to yourself. However, we'd like a copy too. And her e-mail followed.
The boys lifted the cameras to their eyes, reading the sign, before giving them a thumbs up. Jaina smiled and dropped the sign, turning and giving Josie a deep kiss, sliding her tongue inside to play with her roomies. They pressed their bodies together, rubbing against each other for a few minutes before Jaina pulled away.
"Mhmm. Now I need to set up my computer. I wonder if we have any cute computer geeks on this floor?"
Josie just smiled. "I think some geek is gonna have a very good day."
Smirking, Jaina winked. "I may have to work on his hard drive when he's done."