Jill was standing in the door of the barn as we neared it. She had her camera out and was taking pictures of us walking naked to the barn. I was going to kill her—what could I do?
We walked in the barn with her standing there. Our horses were in their stalls and our clothes were hanging on the coat hooks just inside the barn. She was giggling at us. We had to tell her about skinny dipping and that the lightning chased off the horses. Her attention seemed to be centered on Bill's large cock. She was dressed in a plaid shirt and tight jeans. Her head had stubble where her hair was growing back. She looked at my head, and commented about how smooth my head was. She also commented on how smooth the rest of my body was, especially my pussy. She also observed my pussy was very red and rather raw looking.
I confessed that Bill fucked my brains out. I also told her I was feeling like going up in the hayloft and have him do it again. She wanted to know if she could watch. Bill told her she could watch, but her clothes had to be on the coat rack with ours if she did. I was sure she'd bail out and go home. I was now wrong again.
Jill removed every stitch of clothing from her body and turned to face us. I was surprised to see her pussy was just as bald as mine. She noticed where I was looking. She told me she lost all the hair off her pussy when she had the chemo. Then when it started to grow back it itched so bad she shaved it off again. She said she was keeping it bald if she had to go through that to get it back. I told her I was becoming very fond of my bald pussy also.
I watched her climb the ladder to the loft ahead of me. I'm sure Bill enjoyed watching both of us climb that ladder. Bill grabbed a couple saddle blankets, then climbed up and joined us in the loft. He placed the blankets on the loose hay for Jill and me to lie on. Bill joined me. He was semi-hard. I put my hand on his cock and slid it up and down his shaft. I could only get my fingers and thumb around about three quarters of his cock. I was looking at his cock as I worked it. Bill told me to kiss it. I had never kissed a cock before.
Jill moved over close to me. She asked if she could show me how. I looked at Bill. He smiled and I offered his cock to Jill. She licked the head of his cock then down the shaft. I felt Bill fingering my pussy as she licked up and down his cock. I watched as she slid the head of his cock in her mouth. His cock was stretching her lips as she worked to take it in her mouth. She was soon taking more than half his cock in her mouth. Bill's cock was growing very hard as she worked it. Bill finally pulled her head away; he told her he was going to cum if she sucked it anymore. He soon had his cock buried deep in my pussy and my legs were up around his ears as he plowed my bare pussy again.
Oh my God, I didn't know anything could feel that good. I was soon screaming in another mind-blowing orgasm as he pumped me full of sperm. We uncoupled and I felt his cock pull from my thoroughly fucked pussy.
Jill not only watched, but asked if Bill would do her too. It took a little while until he was hard enough again to fuck Jill. I watched as he slid his massive cock in Jill's pussy. She squealed as his cock slid in. Oh my God, I could read her lips as she swore that was the biggest cock that ever entered her. Bill really did have a six-shooter and now both of us girls were hoping he had extra bullets.
Bill got in his groove and he reached down and lifted her legs up around his neck. He then started really slamming it into her. I watched her eyes and noticed they rolled back in her head. Jill soon was screaming for more and asking him not to stop. Oh God, I was watching Bill fuck my best friend's brains out. Soon Bill was cumming again; he was pumping Jill's pussy full of cum.
Later Bill slid his limp cock from Jill's pussy and lay back between the two of us. We decided to go to the house and clean up. Bill climbed down the ladder first, I followed him down. Jill soon climbed down with cum flowing down her inner thigh as she stepped on each rung of the ladder. She walked over to Bill and kissed him. She asked how much cum he pumped into her pussy. I knew she was thinking, God will Kip let him fill my pussy a few more times? I was thinking I loved his cock, but I wasn't sure I could keep him happy by myself. Hell, he fucked both our brains out and my pussy was done. I needed some time to recuperate before I wanted more company in my pussy. We all walked from the barn to the house carrying our clothes.
The answering machine was flashing and I played the message from mom. She and dad were staying over in the city that night. I called her on her cell, and told her Jill was here and she was going to spend the night.
I found out later from Patti that while my parents left Bill and I alone, dad talked mom into staying overnight and going to a night club. Seems as they were in the city and no one knew them. Dad talked mom into wearing a short skirt and silky transparent blouse and four inches stripper heels making her six feet two the same height as him. She let him talk her into not wearing any panties or bra. Her nipples were like diamonds all night and clearly visible through the thin sheer blouse. Having her pussy so naked under the tight short skirt had it running like a river.
Dad took her to a gentleman's club where the girls danced on a stage right in front of them. It was a private club that a friend gave dad a card to get them in. The first dancer was hardly older than me, walked on the stage wearing only a bra and panties. Mom noticed the bra had holes in it and the dancer's nipples were exposed. As the dancer moved around the stage, she was right in front of mom and when she spread her legs the panties showed they were crotchless and skin was showing. Before the first song ended the bra was thrown to the back of the stage and the dancer was now topless dancing in front of them. When the second song started, the dancer skimmed her panties down her legs and was now naked, except for four inch heels she had on her feet. She danced in front of mom drawing even more attention because the guys loved that she was trying to tease my mom. When she spread her legs mom saw she was also shaved bare and she had a shiny jewel glistening from her clit area. Mom wondered why she would do that.
They left after watching two more girls dance. In the parking lot mom told dad she needed him to fuck her before they went back to the hotel. Dad had her bent over with her hands on the seat and standing with the passenger door open. He fucked her from behind in the parking lot of the night club. Later they were in their hotel room fucking their brains out.
Meanwhile, we all slept naked in my queen bed with Bill between Jill and I. The next morning I had to pee, so I threw the part of the sheet that was covering me to the side and went to the bathroom. Upon returning, I saw Bill was on his back, snoring, and then I noticed the sheet tenting in the area of his hips. I woke Jill and put my index finger to her lips to keep her quiet.
"Look at this," I whispered, pointing to the bulge under the sheet.
Jill glanced at the hump, and with a gleam in her eye, whispered back, "Let's check it out."
She very slowly uncovered Bill, until the sheet was below his knees. Bill's cock looked for all the world like a veined, flesh-colored Johnsonville bratwurst, curve and all—but longer and thicker. We watched in amazement as the tip of it moved up and down with each of his heartbeats. His balls, the size of large hen's eggs, moved around on their own in slow motion in his wrinkled, hairy scrotum as if they were powered by a miniature engine of some kind.
We watched with rapt attention at the scene before us. I sensed my pussy getting wet as I spied on Bill's genitals.
Jill was on the other side of Bill, on her hands and knees, her eyes glued to the view in front of her, just like my eyes were. She grinned up at me, then stuck her tongue out and took a single lick across the bottom of the tip of Bill's cock, causing it to twitch.
Bill groaned and continued snoring, so Jill took a second and third lick. His cock began lofting higher, pointing at about 45 degrees.
Jill backed off, while both of us observed the pole in front of us, rising as if by magic, to a nearly vertical position. I wanted to know how big the monster was that Bill carried around between his legs, so I went to my desk and grabbed my twelve-inch ruler.
I stepped back to the bed and placed it at the base of his cock. "Looks like seven-and-three-quarters," I said under my breath to Jill.
"It felt like ten last night—but a good ten," she whispered back.
Jill took another stroke with the flat of her tongue. Then she motioned to me to take a lick. I bent down and swiped my tongue across the end. At that point, Bill opened his eyes and saw me licking his cock.
"Ohh...," he moaned. "You vixen. Can't get enough of it, huh?"
"It was Jill's idea," I said.
"You're the one I caught," Bill replied. "Now you're going to face the punishment."
"Oh, pray tell, what could that be?" I said in mock surprise.
Bill stood up next to the bed. "Get on all fours, and I'll show you—I ought to paddle your behind," he stated emphatically.
"You don't have any better punishment?" I asked.
"Now that you mention it, back up to the edge of the bed."
I scooted back until my feet were over the edge. Bill was behind me, and I could feel the head of his cock pressing against my labia. Spreading my knees a little wider gave him the extra room he needed to push it into my wet pussy.
"Oh fuck. That feels good," I said.
"You haven't even begun receiving your punishment," Bill said as he grabbed me by the hips, thrusting his cock in and out of me. Every time his hips hit my butt, there was an audible smack.
In a flash, Jill was on her hands and knees beside me. "I licked your cock, too, so I should receive the same punishment as Kip."
"I'll get around to you in a minute," Bill responded.
Bill pounded me for about a minute, pulled out, and began pounding Jill. Every thirty seconds or so, Bill traded off, back and forth between us.
He finally shot his load when I did my kegels on his cock.
"I wouldn't mind being punished like that every day of the week," Jill said.
Bill's cock was wilting, and I could feel our combined liquids running down my thigh. "Quick, someone hand me a tissue, I don't want to get this mess on the bed."
Jill handed me a handful of tissues she'd grabbed from my desk,
"Thanks to you, I don't have to wash the sheets," I said to Jill.
She used one of the tissues to catch a long string of sperm dangling from Bill's cock.
Bill said, "Now that you've received part of your punishment, what's for breakfast? I'm hungry."
"Just like a man," Jill answered. "Give him sex and he wants food—give him food and he wants sex."
Still naked, we all washed our hands and headed for the kitchen. Jill and I made scrambled eggs with ham, toast, and juice.
As we were eating breakfast, Jill asked Bill, "In the bedroom, you said we'd only received part of our punishment. What did you mean by that?"
"I meant I'm not done with both of you yet. There's still more to go."
"Oh goody," Jill exclaimed. "I can't wait to get punished again."
So after breakfast, we retired to the bedroom for round two with Jill and me on our hands and knees again. This time, Bill spent more time pounding Jill. I coached her on how to do kegels, much to Bill's delight. He finally left a deposit in Jill's pussy, which leaked out on the bed, so I was going to wash the sheets, after all. My bedroom reeked of sex—we had to open the window to let it air out.
By the time we finished, my poor pussy was steaming from all the friction that it had received, I was getting to the point I think it was so warm you could probably fry and egg on it. Just kidding—I don't think you can wear a pussy out, but Bill had a good start on mine, and I don't think Jill's was much different.
About 11 AM, the three of us showered together, which was difficult in the small shower stall in my bathroom. While showering, Jill said she had to go back to her folks. They were going to her grandparent's house for about a week. I told Bill I needed to go into town for a while. He said he was going to check on the cows while I was gone.
My parents returned to the ranch and mom was happy that Jill stayed over because she still worried about Bill and I being left alone together. I was on the pill and able to take care of myself. She convinced herself that if Bill and I got together it was no big deal. I needed to have a few experiences and learn about myself.
Later that afternoon I drove over to Miss Tate's house since I had some questions I wanted to ask her. I rang the doorbell and then knocked on the door. I was just about to leave when the door opened. Miss Tate was wearing a very short white terrycloth robe and thong slippers. I told her I was sorry, I would come back later. She told me she was just sun bathing and now was as good a time as any to talk.
We walked out to the backyard and she had me sit at the table and she sat across from me. I asked her if she wanted to continue sun bathing. She told me that might not be a good idea. I kind of looked around. I was thinking she must have a visitor or something. She noticed me looking and then she dropped the bomb on me. She told me she had been sun bathing au natural. Oh my God, I was keeping her from enjoying her private time. I noticed she must have shaved her head again since school ended as I did not see any stubble on her head. It was just as bare a mine.
I tried to leave so she wouldn't have to wear her robe, but she told me she wanted to talk to me too. I finally told her I would stay and talk, only if she continued working on her tan. She told me she couldn't do that. So I said she had three options—one, she get naked and we talk; two, I leave and we talk later; or three, we both get naked and enjoy the sun and talk.
She told me she chose three as she stood up and dropped her robe on the chair. Miss Tate was built like a brick shithouse, but about three inches shorter than me. She may not have had a six pack, but she was close. Her legs were very muscular and shapely; her breasts were solid and pointy like mine. I know she had bigger ones than me—probably a C cup. She had a gold ring in each nipple I was shocked to see. I noticed she had a navel piercing also the piercing had a ring with a short dangly chain and a small jade stone attached to it.
Last, I saw her pussy was just as bald as mine, except she had another gold ring there. She had another dangly chain hanging from it with a larger ruby attached to it. I was staring at her jewelry and not able to even comment.
She cleared her throat to get my attention. I stripped out of my clothes and stood before her even more naked than she was. I watched her eyes travel down my exposed body. I saw her eyes stop on my pussy. She asked if I was sore down there. I told her I had been thoroughly fucked yesterday and this morning. I said I needed to know how to toughen my pussy so I could take a fucking like I had received. She grinned and told me some men could outlast women, but they were few and far between. She said when you run into one of that kind, you call for reinforcements. She giggled at me with her gorgeous white teeth showing and those wicked crystal blue eyes.
She stood up telling me she would be right back, as I watched her sexy ass walk to the patio door and enter her house. She came back carrying a bottle and wearing six inch heels. I was watching the jade gem dangle from her navel and the ruby bouncing on her clit as she walked towards me. I was watching the ruby more than the jade. I was soon very close to the thing my eyes were watching.
"Oh, you seem to be fascinated with my ruby, Kip."
"Oh, a yes, God don't that hurt?"
"You mean the movement or having my clit pierced?"
"Actually both."
"Well, actually the piercing did hurt a little, but not much."
She pulled the ring to show me it was in her clit hood, not through her clit.
"It is just in the skin above my clit, but it rides on my clit and I know it is there most the time. It drives me crazy and I love it."
"Now as for the movement, if you were to put a finger in my pussy right now you would find how wet my pussy is right at the moment, so I don't think I can say it hurts at all."
"But why did you have it pierced?"
"I have a friend who likes to take me to a nude beach. We both go completely naked—we don't even take towels. We go in a rental car from the motel to the beach. My friend rents the room, and I rent the car. When we take absolutely nothing with us, I need somewhere to hang my car key. Ta Da." She again pulled on the ruby.
"No way. Really?"
"I love to hang different thing on the ring and have them dangle there. I have a special chain I sometimes wear that connects my nipples to my clit or my navel. I also have a leash that I can slide the end of the chain through the ring on my clit and attach to my navel. It's fun to be led by it. The high heels make everything move more."
"Do you ever take them out?"
"No mine is sealed. They would have to be cut off"
"Wow, your friend, he asked you to get them done?"
"Yes, but my friend is not a he, she also has the same piercings. She has to have some where for the motel key, doesn't she?" Miss Tate was laughing at my innocence.
I was still staring at her pussy—in fact, I was actually talking to her pussy. I had not taken my eyes off it since she walked back from the house. My pussy was soaking wet, I think the ruby was hypnotizing me. I was finally able to take my eyes off her pussy as she handed me the bottle she had brought back with her.
"Rub this on your pussy, put it inside and out. It's a pure Aloe cream that I find keeps my pussy from chafing and it is very soothing. Put it on those gorgeous nipples too, they look like they got a little abuse also."
I opened the bottle and poured a liberal amount in my hand. I let my hand rub the lotion into my pussy. It felt great except my clit was exposed and it loved my touching it and rubbing the cream into my raw pussy. I noticed Miss Tate had her hand in her pussy and she kept pulling on her ruby.
I'm not really into girls, I don't think, but it was hard not to look and admire her. I mean she was so good-looking and fit. Her playing with that ruby attached to her pussy was driving me crazy. I watched her pull the ring attached to her pussy. I wondered what that must feel like. I wondered what it would be like to have a leash attached to my pussy and have someone lead me around with it.
"Earth to Kip"
Shaking my head, I looked her in the eyes. "Oh God, I am sorry. Your pussy is just so interesting. I've never had the opportunity to look at a pussy right in front of my face like this. Especially one that is as pretty as yours."
"Kip, you know you are turning me on. Having those gorgeous green eyes watching my most intimate place, I like seeing your pussy also. Now, is there anything else you want to ask me about?"
"Nothing more that I came here to ask you about, but I do want to thank you for setting up that event and for also joining me in doing it."
"You are very welcome. I must confess that when you mention to me what you wanted to do it, I got very turned on. Jordan, my friend, flew in that weekend to be with me, thank God."
"Did you shave your pussy after you had your head shaved Miss Tate?"
"Kip, call me Gorgia, I mean I think we are a little past worrying about formalities. Now about shaving my pussy, I don't shave it, I had it lazered when I graduated from college. I started shaving it bare when I was a sophomore in college, and have never had hair there since. It will never again have hair growing on it."
"Why did you shave it the first time?"
"I had it shaved when I joined a sorority. I didn't shave it—Jordan did. We both pledged the same sorority, and one of the hazing's was that you were shaved down there by another pledge and you had to keep it shaved bare for two months. You weren't allowed to do the shaving. You also had to wear skirts for the two months, and panties weren't allowed. It wasn't the first time I was shaved bare though. When I was a senior in high school, my boyfriend asked me to do it for Valentine's Day. He couldn't get enough of it. After I graduated, we broke up and I let it grow back."
"Who talked you into getting your piercings?"
"Actually, Jordan and I were on vacation in Jamaica at Hedonism II, and we saw a very pretty blonde that had her nipples pierced. We later decided to get our nipples pierced. When we got the rings in our nipples, the guy doing the piercing asked us if we were going to have our clits pierced also. Neither of us had ever even considered it. He showed us a scrap book of different genital piercings. We waited until the next year when we went back for the second time to have our clit hoods done."
"Oh my God, you are making me so horny." I was playing with my pussy as we talked, I couldn't help it I was so horny.
"Kip, I can make it feel even better if you like. Do you trust me?"
"How?"
Gorgia grabbed a towel and placed it on the chair seat. "I think we're going to need this. Go ahead and sit on it," she said.
"Now what?" I asked.
"You lean back in that chair and place your legs on the arms of your chair. Slide that sexy pussy right out to the edge of that chair and watch."
I raised my legs and spread them wide, placing the back of each knee on the arm of the chair and my pussy was wide open as I scooted forward on the chair so it was resting right on the front of the chair. Oh my God, I felt so naked.
Gorgia knelt down in front of me and cupped my pussy with her hands. I watched as she slid two fingers on her right hand into my pussy. I could feel my juices leaking out of my pussy and across my asshole. Oh my God, she hooked her fingers inside my pussy and was rubbing a place inside behind my pubic bone, up high and God did it ever feel good as her thumb was caressing my clit. I was just about to cum when she leaned forward and sucked my clit into her mouth and used the tip of her tongue to caress it. Fuck, I was cumming. I grabbed her head and held her face tight to my pussy as I experienced another major orgasm. I released her head and wilted into the chair. I almost fell out of the chair as she moved away from me.
"I take it, you liked that?"
"A... Ah, fuck, what's not to like. Oh my God, where did you learn to do that? What were you touching inside the top of my pussy? God I hope that isn't just a onetime thing."
"I would gladly lick your pussy anytime you want to present it to me."
"Can I play with your pussy? Will you teach me how to make you cum like you made me cum?"
"Kip, sure I would love to. When do you want to have your first lesson?"
"Could we do something right now? May I touch your pussy?"
"Kip, trade places with me. Let me sit in your chair. Just lightly play with my pussy. Get familiar with it, get in close and feel all around it. Don't be shy—grab the lips and pull them, run your fingers all over it. Then when you're ready, slide two fingers inside and feel all the textures in it. You'll notice that it feels different on your fingers when you are rubbing the inside of my pussy than it does when you rub your own. The reason being is the way you are able to place your fingers in mine versus the way they fit in yours. Slide your fingers up behind my pubic bone. You'll feel a rough place that is kind of spongy. That's my G-spot. It's another place like my clit that has major nerve endings. That's the spot that a dick can hit especially if you have your legs up around their ears. This is what feels so good when you get pounded by a nice cock."
When I placed my fingers on her mound, I noticed her mound was just as soft as mine is. I never noticed how soft it was until I shaved my pubes off of it. I touched the lips and pulled on them—they stretched out. I lightly traced my finger all the way around her inner and outer lips. Then I used my index finger to gently circle the opening to her pussy, because that's where mine is extremely sensitive, and I figured hers was too. At that point, Gorgia's pussy was leaking profusely. I could tell I was driving Gorgia crazy with desire.
With my face so close to Gorgia's pussy, I could smell her arousal. The musky smell of her pussy was a little stronger than mine—maybe because she was older, or perhaps she was in a different part of her cycle. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and tasted them. Not bad—an interesting flavor—sort of a cross between a salty kiwi and an overripe plum.
I pulled the ruby up and examined her swollen clit. I slid the hood back and exposed her clit. I slid my fingers in her pussy and explored it. The rough area she mentioned was where she said it was. I realized that I could find it easy with my fingers in her pussy. It wasn't difficult to get them in deep.
I had never really felt that deep in my pussy as the amount of finger I could get into my own pussy from a slightly different angle changed it. I bumped her clit as I stroked her G-spot.
"Oh God—right there Kip. Don't stop. Oh fuck, right there?"
I moved forward and sucked on her clit as I fingered her pussy. I felt her pussy muscles spasm on my fingers and watched her climax before my eyes. Then I was flooded with a clear liquid. I thought she peed on me at first. It was sweet, and salty, just like her pussy. She had my mouth mashed into her pussy with her legs holding me tight to her as she screamed in orgasm. She soon released my face and I was able to catch my breath. I slid back and then got into the other chair beside her as I watched her come back to.
"OH God Kip, I knew I was horny, but I didn't know I was that horny. Thank you, and please come and practice anytime you want on my pussy or let me practice on yours. I enjoy both. I knew we were going to need that towel."
"I'd better head for home. My folks should be back soon. Bill should be back from checking the herd. Thank you for giving me a lesson in Pussy 101. I'll call you. Bye."
I was walking out to the car carrying my clothes. I hadn't wanted to get dressed in front of her and leave. Next time I thought I'd ask her if I can leave my clothes in the car. If I was really brave, I would leave my clothes at home.
When I got home the folks were there. I noticed mom was very bubbly and easy going. Dad must have made her happy before they came home. Mom must have shaved her head again because she was just as bald as I was. Come to think of it she had been keeping it very smooth.
Bill had not gotten back from checking the herd. Dad told me that Bill's dad called. I guess he had to go help be an instructor for high school kids at football camp for the next six weeks, doing a different group at the camp each week until practice started for him. I was wondering if dad knew Bill had fucked his daughter. God, I hoped I'd get one more time before he left. I was sure Jill was also looking forward to having another go also. Oh, I forgot she was planning to be gone for the next week, damn, he might have to do me double.
It never happened, Bill was late getting back that night, and his dad was there to pick him up the next morning. My pussy was missing him something fierce. I was thinking about going to visit Gorgia again. Dad made sure I was busy checking the cows and calves. I was able to work on my tan and my pussy during my breaks. I had gotten smarter—I carried a trash bag to put my clothes in, so I didn't tie them to the saddle any more. I didn't have the horse run off again, either.
Pam had been away on vacation and called me up. She was going to drive out to the ranch and spend the afternoon with me. I told her to bring her swimsuit and we would go to the pond. Pam had a wig on when she arrived, had to be, because she had hair on her shoulders. Pam didn't ride horses, because she had an allergy to them. So we took the Jeep to the pond where we peeled our clothes off and put on our suits. Pam shucked her wig and I saw she was still just as bald as I was. She told me she had decided to start letting it grow back after the Fourth like I had told her I would do. Pam noticed I was very tanned and asked about it. I confessed that I had been tanning here at the pond most of the summer so far. Pam being Pam asked if I ever went skinny dipping in the pond.
I told her it had been known to happen. She asked if I had gotten turned on by those sites she had sent me. I told her I had and still looked at them when I could. "Did you notice anything different or should I say about those women in those pictures?" Pam questioned.
"No, other than the fact they were all naked."
"You didn't notice that none of them had any hair down there?" Pam again asked with her blue eyes sparkling.
"I did notice, but I figured the pictures were air brushed—something I read about they used to do to hide flaws on the bodies. I mean you really didn't see anything down there."
"I guess you're right—I took it different is all. I must confess, I decided it was really neat, so I trimmed mine really close that afternoon before we had our heads shaved that night."
I couldn't resist. "How close is close?" I asked with a wicked smile.
"Very close, maybe even more than that, I shaved it bald. Thank God your aunt saved us from having to walk out and meet the audience. The crotch of my jeans was soaked. I noticed your mom and Miss Tate both wore skirts and I'm guessing that they had pads in their panties to protect them. I now know they didn't just happen to do that. They both being more experienced had the foresight to be prepared."
I wondered about Miss Tate. I bet she was commando under that skirt and I bet there was something hanging from the ring. God, I wonder if mom was commando, you suppose she was shaved also. Was I the only one with a bush getting her head shaved? I now know Pam and Miss Tate were bare.
While I was day dreaming and thinking about them, Pam slipped her suit off and threw it in the car before walking to the pond then turning back and looking at me. I tossed my suit in the car and joined her. Pam's eyes were glued to my pussy as I entered the pond in front of her.
"I see I'm not the only one that did some landscaping."
"I did it after prom. I had my bush when we had our heads shaved."
"Why did you do it then?"
"I went with Dane to the prom and I lost my virginity that night to him. He commented that I had a lot of bush for not having any hair on my head. Later after the school year had ended I was taking a long bath and I shaved my legs while doing that I decide to trim my bush. I did a landing strip about one and a half inches wide but I didn't get it centered just right. I trimmed more trying to straighten it up and before long I was out of things to straighten. I haven't grown it back and don't plan to because Jill told me it itched too much when she tried to grow hers back."
"I like mine bare—I think I'm keeping it. Besides, I don't want to find out its itching either."
"You should see Gorgia's." Oh shit, I didn't mean to say that.
"You saw Miss Tate's?" Pam fired right back from her inquisition.
"No, forget I said anything."
"Right, just forget it. Come on. Tell me what you saw."
"You can't say anything. You'd better be able to keep it quiet."
"I promise, cross my heart, like a good Girl Scout," Pam said with a giggle.
"I went to Gorgia's house to thank her for helping with the charity event. She had been sun bathing when she answered the door in a very short robe. I apologized for disturbing her and told her she should continue sun bathing as we talked out on her deck. She told me she couldn't as she was rather au natural when she sun bathed. She would only continue if I joined her which I did."
"All the boys in the high school would be so jealous of you seeing her naked. Hell I'm jealous."
"She is a work of art, and her pussy is just as bare as ours are—well almost. I mean she doesn't have any hair at all. She has had her body lazered, so she doesn't ever have hair down there."
"That must be so nice not having to shave. You mentioned she was almost as naked as us, what did you mean by that?"
"Miss Tate has a ring pierced through her clit hood, and she has a ruby that she clips on it and it dangles from the ring."
"No way! Really?"
I shook my head up and down watching Pam trace her fingers along her clit and pinching her clit hood. "You think I could go over there next time with you. I really want to see that. Can I please?"
"Let me ask her if you can. Now let's swim to the sand bar on the other side of the pond and relax for a while working on our tans."
Pam ended up staying the night with me and we slept naked in my bed. We didn't play with each other, but we did play with ourselves in front of each other.
I quit shaving my head and was letting my hair grow back even before the Fourth of July. I was definitely shaving my cookie bare though. Jill had me scared of letting it grow. I didn't want to find out what it felt like when it started itching bad. I got to wondering if my mom shaved hers. I know she was getting hers plowed regularly. I would hear them some nights when they thought I was sound asleep.
My folks told me they were going to be gone the second week of August. I was going to have the ranch to myself. I talked with Gorgia and invited her to spend a couple days then with me. I had talked to Jill and she was going to spend a couple days also. Gorgia had called me and asked if I could visit her at her home the last week of July. I asked if it would be all right if Pam came with me. She asked if Pam knew about us and I told her she knew about the sunbathing, but I hadn't told her about the other.
End of Chapter 3
*****
What does Gorgia want? Will Pam and Kip have fun with Gorgia? Will Kip see Bill again? Let me know your thoughts. Thanks for being my reader.