The sun was just starting to rise above the horizon, spreading its golden light through the trees and across the neighbourhood as I pulled up to Mila and Jack's house with two kayaks strapped to the roof of my car.
I thought about honking to get their attention but considering it was just past 6am I decided the polite thing to do would be to knock on the front door, as I was getting out of the car I saw the front door swing open and Mila stepped out, the gorgeous brunette was wearing her pink Among Us hoodie that she was wearing when we first met and a pair of very short exercise shorts, a small backpack and a very big smile across her face.
"Morning Rob, you ready for some adventure?" she called as she strode down the stairs towards the car.
"Absolutely," I replied, smiling back at her and checking out her legs as she opened the door to climb into the car, her eyes met mine as I looked up from her legs, had she caught me checking her out, it was hard to tell but I swear her smile turned slightly mischievous, "Where's Jack?" I asked, looking past her towards the stairs.
"Oh, he's not coming," she said matter-of-factly, "He was up late last night with his girlfriend," she wiggled almost imperfectively in her seat before adding "They finally got to sleep about two hours ago."
I was fairly sure I knew the reason for their late night, but I was curious if I could tease Mila about it, "They weren't fighting, were they?"
"I think it started that way." she said looking at me out the corner of her eye, "But they got past their disagreement fairly quickly and they spent the rest of the night noisily making up," the mischief clear on her face as she looked into the back seat "Where's Shawn?"
"Oh, he couldn't make it, he got called into work last night and has to travel to London with Sarah," I said trying not to sound too disappointed that my friends were missing my annual kayaking trip.
"But the kayaks?" Mila asked pointing to the roof of the car
I smiled at the small amount of good luck, "We had already mounted them up when Shawn got the call, so he said I could borrow them."
"Oh, well at least we got the kayaks," she smiled at me looking a little concerned and then asked, "do you want to cancel? the kayak trip is how you celebrate your birthday and now none of your friends will be here, I'd completely understand."
I smile back, looking her in the eyes, "No way! Why would I cancel when I get to spend the day with my favourite adventure buddy."
Mila blushed a little "Your favourite huh?"
"Besides" I said "I've spent all this time getting the kayak's hitched up, we may as well put that time to use," I added with a little mischief in my voice.
Mila's smile got bigger as she looked at me "Oh, I just realized I forgot something in the house, I'll be right back!" Mila opened the car door and rushed up the stairs back into the house.
I admired her as she ran up the stairs, I had always had a crush on her, but I was dating someone when we'd met and so we had become good friends, by the time I had broken up with the girl I was seeing she was dating someone else. I'm glad the timing was never right because I would have certainly messed up this great friendship by confessing my crush. I sat in the car for a few minutes wondering what she could possibly have forgotten, I was just thinking of getting out of the car to see if I could help her when she came out the door looking exactly the same as she did before.
"All set!" she said as she got back into the car
I gave her a once over, not hiding the fact that I was checking her out "And what exactly was that about?" I asked acting very seriously.
"You'll see," she said with a twinkle in her eye, "Now if you don't hurry up, we're going to be late."
"We can't be late," I replied "We're the only ones on the river today and we already have the kayaks."
Mila was suddenly impatient to get going, "I want to get as much time on the river as possible, I've got to some sun before the summer starts,"
The image of here in one of her bikinis flashed through my mind, her hoodie was hiding a great body and she had such great taste in bikinis that showed off her body, I had to remind myself that it's impolite to ogle your friends, I shook my head, started the car and exclaimed excitedly, "Let's get this show on the road!"
We spend the next three hours talking about everything from politics to the latest TV shows we were watching, I always enjoyed Mila's company, we got on so well and I always felt at ease with her, if she disagreed with me, she always said so and was willing to hear me out, she would also call me out if she thought my reasoning was BS if she thought I had a blind spot, the reason our friendship worked was because she was willing to let me do the same, some of our mutual friends didn't get our friendship, some thought it was too confrontational, we'd had our share of blow ups in the past, but they seemed to have gotten fewer and fewer as the years passed.
The drive to the river was relaxing, Mila had taken her hoodie off an hour into the drive, she was wearing loose fitting white crop and I could see the straps of a red bikini underneath, I felt myself getting a little aroused by that thought, I recalled she wore a red bikini on our summer vacation last year, it left very little the imagination and I was hard most of the day, her boyfriend at the time didn't like how revealing it was and so she hadn't worn it again the whole vacation, the idea that she was wearing it now had my brain spinning.
"This is us!" I announced as I pulled off the road and down a gravel path leading towards the river.
"Oh, this is beautiful Rob!" Mila exclaimed as we got closer to the river.
"You should see it from the water," I replied getting out of the car and unfastening the kayaks.
"I think we should just take the one," Mia announced as her head popped up on the other side of the car, "they're two seaters and I'd like to get some sun on this trip."
"Oh, so I'm relegated to being a slave rower while the queen lays out in the sun?" I quipped and smiled at her.
"It seems you're finally understanding the purpose of this relationship," she smiled back at me before helping me get the kayak off the roof.
We spent the next 15 minutes getting the contents of our backpacks into the kayak, we made sure to pack lots of sunscreen, drinks, and snacks, it was going to be a long afternoons I'd been on enough of these to know we should come prepared.
We pulled my shift off and was putting it in one of the plastic containers to keep it dry when out of the corner of my eye I saw Mila watching me, she was definitely checking me out, I don't have an amazing body, but I try to keep fit, I'd never seen her look at me like that before and it made something in my shorts stir, to the point that I was worried it might show if I stood up straight so I got in the back of the kayak and said, "Is the queen ready to board the royal barge."
"Almost," she said reaching for her top to pull it off, her arms moved up over her body pulling the top with them, my heart skipped a beat as the red bikini beneath was revealed, it complimented her body perfectly, cupping her breasts and covering just enough that my imagination could fill in the rest, this was the same bikini she had worn last year and my mind was racing with the thought that she might be wearing the matching bottoms from last summer.
Before I realized I was staring she was throwing her top at me saying, "Close your mouth, unless you want me to put something in it," then with an evil grin on her face she bent forward and pulled her shorts down.
My mind froze for a second as the red bottoms came into view, the curves of her glorious body revealed by the very small piece of cloth, I could almost make out her lower lips as she bent over, my mind was screaming at me that I shouldn't be looking at my friend like this, but my eyes wouldn't look away, I wanted to run my hand up those perfect legs and over her glorious ass, I so badly wanted to feel her skin under my fingertips.
Mila straightened up and threw her shorts at me "Can you put those in your drybag?" she asked as if it was no big deal that she was wearing the sexiest bikini in the world.
My mind was racing to fast for me to give a verbal response, so I half coughed "uh huh," and reached for the drybag to put her shorts and shirt away, I could smell her on her clothes and the smell of her filled my nostrils as I put her clothes into the drybag, such a wonderful smell, I could feel my groin start stirring, my shorts had somehow started to shrink as she started to get undressed and my choice of a short swimsuit was clearly the wrong one.
"Give me a moment to lather up," she said as she stated to spray herself with sunblock, her hands moved all over her body lathering the lotion into her skin, my shorts got even tighter as her hands moved down her neck, over her chest, around her perfectly formed tits, I couldn't take my eyes off her hands as they caressed their way over her stomach to reach between her legs, she turned around and rubbed the lotion into her ass cheeks and bent down to rub it into her legs, I watched in awe as she smothered herself in sunblock.
"Do you want me to do your back?" the words came out of my mouth before I had a chance to think about them, Mila smiled and nodded as she walked over towards me, I realized too late that I wouldn't be able to get out of the kayak without revealing the effect she was having on me, there was no way my shorts could contain the arousal that had grown in them in the last few minutes.
I stayed seated for a moment as she looked at me "Are you going to get out and help me?" she asked with a sparkle in her eye.
"How about you climb in and I'll do you from behind while you get us started down the river," I immediately realized the mistake I'd made and I could feel myself start to blush but the look on her face was worth the misspoken words and the teasing I knew was coming, "I'll do your back," I corrected.
"I like it from behind," she said as she climbed into the kayak handing me the sunblock, her eyes momentarily flicked to my grain and I was certain she could see the bulge in my now too small shorts, she looked me in the eye, smiled and made an exaugurated motion to sit in the kayak giving me an excellent view of her ass as she sat down in front of me.
I knew then that she was teasing me, and I decided I was okay with it. Yes, she was my friend, but when a beautiful woman openly flirts with you it would be a crime to not flirt back, I decided that I was going to see how far this teasing would go.
We spend the next few minutes paddling out into the river so we could coast down the current, once we were in the middle of the river Mila looked back at me over her shoulder and asked with a smile, "so are you going to do me or what?"
I put the paddle down and pulled out the sunblock showing it to her replying, "If you want me to do you properly then I have to do it right, we have to be in the right position, you don't want me to finish too early, that would be a disaster"
"Oh, I definitely don't want you finishing early, that'll just leave me disappointed and maybe even a little sore later," she replied with the hint of a naughty smile on her face, "But we don't have all day, and I'll definitely get burned if you don't even start."
I covered my hands in sunblock and started applying it to her back, she did her best to paddle down the river as I made sure every part of her back and neck was covered, I tried to make it as sensual as possible, but rubbing someone's back with lotion while they paddle down a river in a kayak isn't exactly filled with sensuality. "You good?" I ask as I put the sunblock away.
"Yeah, that should do for now," she replies, and we both start to paddle aimlessly down the river.
We spend the next hour and a half chatting about nothing and taking turns paddling, when it's my turn she lays back in her seat, stretching out over the kayak and closes her eyes giving me full view of her body, I let my eyes linger over her body as she says out in the sun relaxing, the tightness in my shorts had relaxed over the last hour, but it's coming back with this spectacular view and the ideas that were filling my mind.
I let my eyes trace along her beautiful face and follow the curve of her neck, and down her collar bone to admire the way the bikini top accentuates the curve of her breasts, covering just enough and holding her breasts together to create the perfect amount of cleavage, Mila didn't have big breasts, to me they were the perfect size, and from what I could see of her nipples poking through the bikini top, it seems those were perfect too. I let my eyes linger over her perfect stomach for a moment, imagining my fingers tracing their way down to her hips, the feeling of her skin as I made my way to the small bikini bottom she was wearing, remembering what she looked like bending over earlier that day, my eyes lingered on the bikini bottoms and the way they rode low below her stomach, just covering her mound, and disappearing between her legs, I followed her toned legs down to her feet, she truly was a beauty to behold and my shorts are definitely shrinking again.
"It's a beautiful view isn't it?" her voice broke through into my half dreaming state, pulling me back into reality, I had stopped paddling and she had opened her eyes.
"Breathtaking," I answer and let my eyes roam back up her body until we make eye contact, the smile on her face tells me she caught me looking and she approves.
We look into each other eyes for a few heartbeats, I want to reach out and touch her face, then Mila sits up suddenly and grabs her paddle, "We should look for a spot to take a break and have some lunch, I can feel the sun starting to burn so it's probably time for some more sunblock too."
We start paddling to pick up the pace, "Some place in the shade would be nice," I add trying and failing to clear my head of the things I was just imagining, we paddle for another 20 minutes until we come around a bend in the river and find a rocky area covered by some trees, we have to paddle hard to get out of the rivers main current.
"This is perfect!" Mila says excitedly as we start paddling towards the rocks, we find a place to pull the kayak out of the river and climb out ourselves, this spot turns out to be perfect. There is more than enough space for the kayak and for us to sit or lay down and have some lunch while watching the river flowing past.
"Do you think this is deep enough to swim in?" Mila asks as she starts unpacking the food we brought.
"Definitely!" I respond as I lay down a blanket for us to sit on.
Mila quickly rubs her shoulders and hips as if testing the sunblock, "I need to get some sunblock on before we do anything else," she says and then starts rummaging through her backpack.
"I have some right here," I say, offering her the bottle of sunblock I brought for myself.
Looking up from her bag Mila smiles, "Oh, perfect, you already have some, then you can start on my back," she says and lay face down in front of me with her hands under her head.
I move to kneel next admiring the view again, I place my hand on her lower back where her the curve of her ass starts to rise, my hand slips under the edges of the red bikini, "hmmm, what are you doing Rob?" her question isn't acquisitor or angry, her tone is almost sensual.
"I'm just getting a feel for the temperature of your skin, I wouldn't want to spray your back in cold lotion," I say as my other hand slips beneath the strings of her bikini top.
"mmm," the sound comes from deep within her as my fingers slip deeper beneath the bikini bottoms, "this feels nice, but if you take too long to spray my back with your hot lotion, I'm going to get burned."
"I don't need a second invitation," I say and squeeze some lotion onto my hands and rub them together before rubbing them on Mila's lower back.
I start on her lower back, rubbing outwards towards her sides and then down to her stomach as far as I can go, occasionally my fingers slip below her bikini bottoms, once or twice I could feel the start of her butt cleavage and slipped by finger in, once that was well covered I move up towards her bikini top, slipping my fingers underneath a little, I rub the lotion into her sides, following the line of the bikini, my fingers teasing their way under the sides of her bikini top, just barely caressing the sides of her breasts, then I move to her shoulders and add some more lotion, she gives a low rumble of pleasure as I start giving her a massage as I rub the lotion into her shoulders and neck, then I massage the lotion into each arm, making sure I've covered every millimeter of her skin.
I pause for a moment, knowing I've done all the parts she can't and a few more, I'm wondering if she will do the rest, but I decide now is the time to be bold, "you okay with this?" I ask as I untie her bikini top.
"I don't want to get burned anywhere," she says in a quiet voice emphasizing anywhere, so I finish untying her top and rub my hands over her back slipping them down her sides, then I retrace my steps massaging her whole back and sides, this time my fingers caressing the sides of her breasts without hesitation, "Mmmm, you're good at this," Mila says as I massage her shoulders again.
When I realize I've covered every part of her back I move lower down and start on her lower legs, massaging the lotion into her feet, first the right and then the left, giving her a foot massage as I do resulting in another rumbling sound of pleasure from Mila, "I think I'll keep this man servant," she jokes as I start massaging the lotion into her calves.
I slowly massage my way up her thighs, rubbing the lotion in as deep as I can, my hands slipping between her legs as I move higher and higher, my shorts getting tighter and tighter and the feeling of electricity flows through my fingers as they get closer and closer to her bikini, finally my fingers reach her bikini and I dare to slip my fingers up against it, grazing her pussy as I rub her inner thighs, Mila doesn't flinch or make a sound so I do it again, this time with a little more pressure, this time she gives off another low rumble and I slip my fingers beneath her bikini bottoms to rub her ass, my fingers going all the way under and briefly touching her asshole.
For a moment I think I've gone too far because Mila starts moving away from my hands, she turns over and in one motion throws her bikini top to the side, I look her in the eyes, I'm fully aware that she's laying topless in front of me, I want to look at her breasts, I want to examine every millimeter of her gorgeous body, but she is looking right at me with a smile that is daring me to look, so I do, for a moment I let my eyes dart to her breasts, taking in the perfect nipples that sit atop the perfectly sized orbs, I take a moment to take them in and then look back to her eyes, her smile has widened and my cock has gotten even harder.
"Now do the front, man servant, I don't want to get burned anywhere," her eyes never leave mine as I move back till I'm kneeling right in front of her chest, I put more lotion into my hands and rub them together, my eyes never leaving hers, my hands reach out and cup her breasts, as soon as my skin touches hers she closes her eyes and moans a little, I massage breasts and look down to see what I'm doing, enjoying the feeling of breasts under my hands, I feel her nipples harden a little as I play with them, I can help myself as I lean over and take one of her nipples into my mouth, a low moan rumbles through Mila as one of her hands reaches out and grabs my knee.
"I've got to test to make sure it's water resistant," I say as my tongue flicks one of her nipples in my mouth.
"Maybe you should test everywhere to make sure it's water resistant," her eyes close and a soft moan escapes her lips, then I feel her hand move up from my knee to the edges of my swimsuit on my inner thigh.
I lean away from her gorgeous breasts and carry on massaging her shoulders and collar bone, I rub some lotion onto her neck and then lean in to kiss it, kissing and sucking my way down her neck and collar bone.
I feel her hand suddenly cupping my very hard cock and I move to massage her stomach, my hands slipping beneath her bikini bottoms, "do you need a second invitation?" she asks fondling my cock through my shorts.
I pull the strings on her bikini bottom loosening them and pulling it down between her legs, "No," I reply, "I'm just enjoying the journey," I glance down to her perfectly shaved pussy, taking a moment to admire her curves as my hands move up to massage more lotion over her hips and pussy mound.
"Fuck you're such a tease," she says as she tries to pull my shorts down, my hand slipping between her thighs and grazing her pussy lips.
I look too her face to see her response to my fingers and see she is watching me, "You're gorgeous, you know that right?" I ask, looking her in the eyes.
"I know," she says with a wicked smile on her face.
I slip a hand between Mila's kegs and rub my fingers along the sides of her pussy lips, she opens her legs to give me move access and I slide my fingers along her pussy a few times feeling her wetness, "Fuck you're wet," unable to hide the lust in my voice as I slide a finger inside of her and press my thumb against her clit.
"I know," she responds and reaches her other hand over to pull down my shorts, my hard cock springs free from its confines as she pulls them all the way to my knees, she moans softly again and glances over at my cock and lays back down, stroking my cock in her hand, "Fuck, you're hard"
Now it's my turn to moan as she strokes me, "I know," her soft hand moving up and down my cock, I close my eyes for a moment and enjoy the pleasure, my fingers hesitating for a moment in her pussy as my own pleasure fills my body, her hips wiggle a little to remind me that she needs some attention too and I slide my fingers in and out of her pussy, rubbing her clit as they move in and out, then I lean over and start kissing my way down her body until I reach her clit.
I kiss around the edges of her pussy and then lick down her pussy lips starting at her clit and ending where my fingers are deep inside her, she moans as I do it again.
"We've got company," she makes no move to cover up or stop me from kissing her pussy, there's no alarm in her voice and she keeps stroking me, I panic for a moment, I've never been watched before, but I decided I can put that out of my mind and focus on the gorgeous woman moaning at my fingertips.
"I'm good to keep going if you are," I say and then kiss her pussy and suck her clit into my mouth, flicking it as if to show how eager I am to continue.
"I've waited years for this, I'll be damned if I'm stopping now because of some peeping Jane," Mila's words cut right into my heart, she's waited years to have sex with me? There is no way we're stopping now, they're going to have to arrest me to get me off of her.
I look up at Mila and see she's looking over her shoulder to where our visitor is standing, a pretty young woman is standing on the rocks near where we pulled out of the river, she's wearing a small mismatched bikini, blue bottoms and a striped flowery top, she has one hand between her legs, clearly rubbing herself through her bikini bottoms and I see someone behind her pulling a canoe out of the river, "Looks like our Jane has a Tom," I say and press my mouth against Mila's pussy again, pressing my tongue through her pussy lips and inside her.
The taste of Mila on my tongue is driving me wild, I know her stroking is going to drive me over the edge before she cums so I decide to switch things up and I move between her legs and start kissing and sucking on her pussy again, my hands on her inner thighs pushing them open so I can get access to her gorgeous pussy.
As I press my tongue into her pussy again I look up and see our peeping Jane and Tom standing watching us, she has her hand behind her back, clearly stroking him off, he has one hand under her bikini top squeezing her tit and another hand is between her legs, she is covering it and using his hand to play with herself.
I mouth "fuck," into Mila's pussy as I continue to eat her out, slipping two fingers into her pussy as I suck on her clit, my other hand reaches to my cock and I stroke myself, I can't remember the last time I was this hard, I want to explode.
Mila moans from the attention I'm giving her and her hips buck into my mouth as I suck on her clit, out of nowhere I feel her pussy contract in a mini orgasm and she whispers loudly, "Oh Fuck, they're fucking," she puts her hand behind my head and pulls me deeper into her, "They're fucking because of us"
My cock jumps at Mila's voice, I look up to see that our Jane is completely naked, she has pushed Tom to the ground mounted him, she is riding him, frantically grinding herself against him, one hand between her legs and the other holding his hand on her breast, her face and focus clearly on us I can see him looking over at us and then back up to Jane, he looks a little unsure, but I'll give him credit for staying hard and grinding back into Jane as she moans.
I can feel Mila cumming again under the workings of my tongue and I want to fuck her so badly now, the sight of the other couple has pushed me over the edge and I want to slip my hard cock inside this beautiful woman beneath me, Mila moans a quiet, "Fuck," as I flick her clit one more time, "do you need a second invitation?" her voice playful and full of lust.
I look up at her and I know exactly what she wanted when our eyes meet, I maintain eye contact with her as I crawl up her body and place my cock at the entrance to her pussy, the sound of the other couple fucking is clear over the sounds of the river, still keeping eye contact I grind my cock between Mila's legs rubbing it against her clit, "You fucking tease," Mila says with a wicked grin, I place my cock against her pussy again and this time slide into her, the warm feeling of her pussy envelops my cock, as I push myself in all the way she closes her eyes and her pussy clamps down on me, "Took you long enough," she says, her eyes closed and her voice full of lust, I know she's not just talking about today.
With that I pull out and thrust back in again, I lean over and kiss her on the mouth as my cock enters her the second time, I feel like I'm going to lose control, Mila starts moaning loudly now as I start thrusting into her, the sounds of our hips slapping together gets louder and louder a louder as my desire builds and my self-control starts slipping, I can hear Jane moaning louder now, she is echoing my thrusts and Mila's moans, I get the feeling Tom is just along for the ride at this point.
"You. Better. Fucking. Make. Me. Cum." Mila says as I thrust in and out of her pussy, in response I flip her over so she's on all four, I position myself at her entrance and place my hands on her hips and pull myself back into her, she moans again as my hips slam into her ass, I start thrusting harder and harder, this feeling is so good that I'm struggling not to cum, I don't want to cum until she does.
"Cum, for, me, Mila." I say in-between thrusts, my focus on her as I try to make her cum before I do.
Our grunting and moaning gets louder as we get closer to the edge and the noise from the other couple seems to rise with ours, Jane's moans rise loader than Mila's every time I make her moan more. I look over to see Jane frantically riding Tom, she is no longer looking at us, her face is screwed up in concentration, I can tell she is trying to cum, she is almost there as I look over at Tom I see the concentration on his face morph into pleasure and panic, he couldn't hold back and now he's gone over the edge, I can't blame him this whole scene is just too much.
I see the panic flutter across Jane's face as she realizes what just happened, "No, No, No, No, Derek you fool!" Jane's hand starts to rub franticly across her clit as she tries to get herself closer to the edge as Derek's cock starts to soften inside her.
I can feel myself going the same way when Mila pulls herself away from me and starts crawling towards Jane, looking back at me she says, "Nobody cums till she cums," Mila quickly covers the distance between them, Derek sees Mila moving towards him and panic fills his face as he maneuvers out from under Jane, Jane for her part had her eyes closed so didn't see Mila coming and looks at Derek in total confusion and dismay, in her mind he's abandoning her in her moment of need.
As Derek backs away from Jane Mila dives between her legs and takes Jane's pussy in her mouth, Jane looks down in total shock, the sudden stimulation from another person takes her right back to the edge and a glorious moan fills the air as Mila performs some magic with her tongue, "Uuugh, Fuck me!" groans Jane as Mila slips a finger inside her and I can see she's ready to cum.
I waste no time in getting behind Mila and slip my cock into her, picking up where we left off, the momentary pause has given me a second wind and I start pounding into her knowing I could keep doing this for a very long time, my first thrust shoved Mila deeper into Jane's pussy which made her look up at me, our eyes met and she smiled, then moaned as I thrust into Mila again, I could see Jane's tits shake every time I thrust into Mila, Jane moaned every time I thrust into my friend's pussy, the sound of my hips ramming into Mila was followed by Jane moaning, we maintained eye contact the entire time I was fucking Mila.
Jane closed her eyes, bit her lower lip and let out a moan as she came for the first time, in response I slapped Mila's ass and said, "Cum for me Mila, cum for me now!" Mila reached between her own legs and started playing with her clit while she continued to suck on Janes clit.
Janes moaning in response to my thrusting into Mila was driving me over the edge, in spite of what I'd just thought, there was no way I was going to last much longer, just when I thought I couldn't take any more I hear a guttural moan come from Mila, her pussy started to squeeze my cock and her hips started to shake, I saw Jane's head roll back as another orgasm rolled over her body and I couldn't hold on any more, grunting I thrust in and out of Mila's pussy as hard as I could, "I'm cumming," is all I can muster as I start to shoot load after load into my friend's pussy.
I tried to thrust for as long as I could, but it was too much, the pleasure of my orgasm overwhelming me after only a few thrusts, I collapsed on top of Mila and whispered into her ear, "Fuck, you're amazing," and then rolled to the side and closed my eyes.
I heard the faint sound of giggling as my senses returned to me, I opened my eyes and sat up, looking towards the origins of the giggling I saw Mila and Jane swimming next to where we had setup our picnic, sex spot was probably more accurate considering we hadn't actually eaten anything, I stood up and walked towards them, I was still a little groggy from my nap and something felt amiss.
"Ahh, the man servant awakes," Mila said as she turns and saw me walking towards the water, with a grin on her face she added, "Rob, cover up, we have a guest."
Jane turned around and looked at me, "Pervert!" she cried with mock surprise and a laugh and half turned away as if to hide her eyes, I could see both her and Mila were in their bikinis again though it seemed Jane was now wearing a red bikini top and Mila was topless, only wearing her bikini bottoms.
I covered myself out of instinct and found my shorts that Mila had apparently thrown far away, looking around a bit made me realize what was missing, "Where's..." I thought for a moment what Jane had called the guy "Derek? and where are my shorts?" I ask taking in the two ladies as they float in the river in front of me.
A brief moment of surprise crossed Jane and Mila's face, "How do you know our names?" Jane asks, a little surprised.
Still covering myself and looking for my shorts I did my best impression of Jane's voice in the heat of passion, "No, No, No, Derek you fool!" winking and smiling at Jane I added, "And I don't actually know your name, you're just peeping Jane in my head."
"Derek's a fool alright," said Mila with a hint of bitterness.
Jane blushes at me recounting her words to her, then a confused look crosses Jane's facess, "Peeping Jane" she asked herself and then with realization and a laugh "Oh, peeping Jane" a huge smile lit up her face before she added "My name is actually Aimee, it's nice to finally meet you Rob" she started swimming towards me reaching out a hand in greeting "and you're welcome to refer to Derek as peeping Tom from now on if you like, he got so frightened by Mila coming to my aid that he ran away, he even took my clothes with him, thanks for loaning me your shorts by the way"
"Nice to meet you too Aimee" I said, one hand covering my cock and the other reaching out to shake Aimee's hand and help her out of the river "He truly is a fool then, I guess I'll just have to get my other pair out of the dry box"
Mila and Aimee both got out of the river as I found myself a new pair of shorts, we all sat down on the blanket and had some lunch before we made our way down the rest of the river.