This is my entry for the Nude Day contest.
Disclaimer: All the characters in the story are above 18 years of age.
* * * * *
Nisha was delighted to hear the bell ring at 5:00 pm, signalling the end of the Engineering Mathematics exam. She had finished the exam almost ten minutes earlier but she wasn't supposed to leave the room before the bell. She had been eyeing Neeraj, who was sitting on the bench in front of hers. Neeraj was the Student's Representative for the first year students, and he was quite handsome and charming. Nisha always looked at him dreamily.
"Hey, you might have aced this one too," said Neeraj tapping on Nisha's shoulder as they both walked out of the exam room.
"I hope so," said Nisha with a shy smile.
"I couldn't complete two questions, I hope it won't affect my grades," said Neeraj,
"Hey, now only one exam remains, Environmental Studies, on Monday."
"Yes, then our first year would be over."
"You're ready for the exam right?"
"I need to study. We have the Saturday and Sunday to prepare for it thoroughly."
"But are you prepared physically and mentally?" asked Neeraj with a raised eyebrow.
Nisha couldn't understand what Neeraj was implying, but she nodded her head just before Neeraj joined some of his other friends who were out of the exam room.
Nisha was joined by Sona, her hostel roommate and Kanika, a fellow classmate, who just came out of the same room after writing the exam. The trio had been together since the beginning of their college year.
Among them, Nisha was the most studious one. She had been planning carefully since the first semester to maintain her grades so that she could win the Student Gold Medal by the end of her bachelor's degree. Sona was an athlete and the tallest among the trio, who competed in 100m and 400m races. She was quite popular yet reserved and chose to be with Nisha and Kanika who were comparatively less social than others. Kanika was relatively average in her studies, and she was the prettiest in the trio.
"Oh, look at that girl, how smaller can her shorts be?" commented Nisha as a boy and a girl walked past them.
"She's wearing a short shorts Nisha, don't be such a prude," said Sona.
"It's Rita and John," said Kanika, "They're a couple, you know that?"
Nish and Sona just nodded their heads lazily.
John was wearing a pyjama shirt and a knee-length shorts, while Rita was wearing a sleeveless top and short shorts which was tight around her pelvic area.
Nisha knew that the college was quite open-minded in its culture, rules, and guidelines. It was one of the top engineering colleges of the country, at the same time, the one with the best gender ratio. The number of male and female students were almost equal in the college, which was quite unheard of in the rest of the engineering colleges in the country.
Students wore whatever and however they wanted to wear even during the class lectures. None of the professors or college authority ever reprimanded the students for their choice of clothing. Some boys even wore tank tops instead of a proper shirt to the classes, and the girls wore the shortest of skirts or shorts possible. It looked crazy for Nisha initially when she first arrived at the campus. It took quite a long time for her to get used to the culture of the campus.
* * * * *
It was Saturday night and Nisha was sitting on her bed, looking at the notes she made for the Environment Studies exam. She had read the thick textbook of the course during the day. The exam was on Monday, but she wanted to read the whole notes that night itself, so she could revise them the next day and by Monday morning, she would be totally prepared. Her roommate Sona was lying on her bed watching some movie on her laptop with earphones on.
It was just around midnight when Kanika barged into the room. Kanika used to spend most of her time in Nisha and Sona's room. Nisha had just finished reading the entire notes once and even Sona was done watching the movie.
"You guys are ready for Monday?" she asked, in a slight panting voice, with nervous eyebrows.
"I haven't even started reading the first chapters of the textbook," said Sona, shutting her laptop.
"I've studied the textbook and the notes once, need to revise tomorrow," said Nisha.
"Girls, I'm not talking about that kind of preparation," said Kanika stepping inside the room and sitting in a chair, "I'm talking about your bodies. Are your bodies prepared for the show?"
"What show?" Nisha asked.
"Take out the Students Handbook of our college," said Kanika.
Nisha took out the handbook from her college backpack. She hadn't even touched it or read it after her first semester.
"Read out the last points in the Semester Exams Guidelines section," said Kanika.
Nisha turned the pages to the end of the handbook. The words 'Environmental Studies' caught her eye.
"Do you want me to read 'Special Instructions Regarding Environmental Studies Exam'?" asked Nisha to which Kanika nodded.
"These instructions are for the first year students who would be writing Environmental Studies exam in their second semester," Nisha read out loud, "It's written that:
There's a special provision/choice for students to gain extra ten marks in the Environmental Studies written exam. Students are supposed to remain unclothed while writing the exam to take advantage of this provision."
Nisha paused for a moment.
"What? What do they mean by 'remain unclothed'?" she exclaimed.
"Just read on," said Kanika.
Nisha continued reading:
"There should be no stitch of clothing on the body below the neck; not even undergarments. Socks, shoes, sandals, heels or any kind of footwear are disallowed. Students should remain barefoot. Students are expected to behave in a disciplined and formal manner while writing the exam.
Only if the above conditions are met, students are eligible to have extra ten marks added to whatever marks they get after normal evaluation of their answers."
Nisha kept staring at the instructions and read it twice and thrice silently.
"Yeah, I remember it," said Sona finally breaking the awkward silence in the room, "You basically have to be in your birthday suit while writing the exam."
"Birthday suit? I don't have any suit for my birthday!" said Kanika confused.
"It means stark naked silly, naked as the day you were born," said Sona, giving a gentle push to Kanika's head.
"What the fuck!" exclaimed Nisha, "How could they allow this?"
Kanika and Sona were startled by Nisha's sudden outburst.
"Nisha, I don't think it's mandatory. It's just a choice. I think there are few more points in the instructions, just turn the page," said Sona.
Nisha turned the page and read out:
"Students can choose to write the exam while staying clothed in a separate exam which will be conducted in the forenoon. The special provision of awarding extra ten marks wouldn't be applicable for the forenoon session. The question papers set for the forenoon and afternoon sessions would be totally different and there would be no common questions between the two sets."
Nisha calmed down a little after reading the last instruction, but she still couldn't believe what she had just read.
"Oh, then I would choose the forenoon exam," said Kanika, with a relaxed voice.
"No, why would you miss a chance like this. They are awarding ten marks for free," said Sona and then turned to Nisha, "You too would choose the afternoon exam right?"
Nisha was in a dilemma now. She wanted to maintain her top grades. A free ten marks award would be a huge guarantee for her. But she could never think of being naked in front of others.
"I don't know. I don't really need to do this for just ten marks," said Nisha in a low voice.
"It's better to take the forenoon timings, trust me," said Kanika, "Huh...I was so worried. Now I can sleep peacefully now."
"Nope," said Sona, "It's better to take the afternoon exam. There won't be any possibility of failing the exam if we're getting ten marks for free."
"I can't focus on my answer paper if my boobs are hanging out," said Kanika, "Hell, I can't focus even when I'm clothed. Imagine the distraction in a room full of naked college boys and girls. If I see a beautiful boy naked in front of me with his penis dangling, I would not think of writing the exam at all."
"Well, everyone would be seated while writing the exam, no one is gonna be standing with his dick against your face while you write," said Sona.
Nisha was still silent and confused while the other two girls kept talking about the exam and whether to choose the naked exam or not.
"Nisha...what have you decided?" asked Kanika, shaking her by her shoulders.
"Well ten marks for free is indeed beneficial. But I might think about it later," said Nisha who didn't wanna decide on anything yet.
"Nisha no, this bitch Sona wants appear in the exam naked. You need to make a choice too," said Kanika, somewhat indignant.
"Well, anyhow, ultimately it's your choice you know," said Sona seeing Kanika agitated, "I won't force you to do anything. You could go to the forenoon exam and fail it. I'm not missing this chance of getting ten marks for free."
"You two girls are the only ones who I feel comfortable with," said Kanika after some thought, "I think I'm gonna tank this exam. If I fail, I will take the supplementary exam again next semester to pass it. But wait, is the supplementary one also gonna have the naked provision?"
"Nothing is written about that here," said Nisha turning the pages of the handbook.
"I guess I choose to appear naked in the exam. Ten marks are not less. I'm gonna tidy up myself to look good naked," said Kanika as she left the room.
"I'm all up for grabbing those ten marks Nisha, you can't miss a chance like that. But still it's your decision. You are anyhow better prepared than us," said Sona.
Nisha nodded her head, but didn't say anything about her choice.
* * * * *
In the late Sunday morning, Nisha and Sona were in their room after having breakfast. Sona was just about to study her notes and textbook for the exam, while Nisha was revising. They heard some footsteps enter the room and they knew it was Kanika, but they didn't bother raising their heads to look at her, as they were both engrossed in reading.
"Hey girls, what do you think?" said Kanika.
"What do we think what? Kani... What the hell Kanika!" shouted Nisha.
Sona moved her eyes away from her notes and saw Kanika standing in the centre of the room wearing nothing but her slippers. Both the girls had their eyes on her pussy, which looked smooth and clean shaven.
Nisha was actually admiring Kanika's naked body. She knew that Kanika was pretty with her moderate chubby cheeks and curly hair. But the naked curvy pair of breasts and hips and a tummy that wasn't somehow bulging out made her look sexy.
"Did you walk the hallway from your room like this?" asked Sona.
"Yes," said Kanika, "I mean, there were three or four more girls naked, trying to get used to their nakedness, just outside bathrooms."
"These are unnecessary things, how is your preparation for the exam?" said Nisha, who didn't wanna talk about the nudity option.
"Oh that's why I came here. Nisha please lend me your notes. In the meantime you can go through the textbook."
"Ok, but you have to read my notes here and don't go out with it. Someone else would borrow my notes from you and lose it. You did it once last semester. I can't afford losing these notes."
Kanika spent the rest of the day in the room naked and studying for the exam. Nisha couldn't help but notice each part of Kanika's naked body in small intervals. Sona would sometimes get up from her bed then grab Kanika's boobs or pinch her nipples or slap her ass if she was standing.
"Stop harassing me," Kanika would say in a playful way.
By night time when Kanika left the room and Sona and Nisha were about to go to sleep.
"I'm gonne be nude tomorrow. My preparation isn't strong," commented Sona.
Nisha just nodded. She was still unsure about her choice.
* * * * *
On Monday morning, Nisha started going through her notes again in her room. She then noticed that Sona stripped to underwear, about to unclasp her bra.
"What are you doing? The exam is in the afternoon," said Nisha.
"Well, I'm trying to get used to being naked," said Sona, removing the bra straps from her shoulders.
"I thought you athletes were used to getting naked in front of people," said Nisha.
"We don't roam around stark naked in dressing room!" said Sona rolling her eyes.
Nisha was momentarily amazed to see Sona getting up and pulling down her panties and stepping away from it. Sona's athletic body was toned throughout. She had obscure abs across her abdomen, visible only when she stretched herself. Her pubes were not shaven, and it was quite thick and bushy. Her boobs were of ample size and tight and her dark nipples had a perfect outline of areolas. She turned around to show Nisha her naked back. Her butt was ample and firm too, as if it was held in place by invisible panties.
Nisha deliberately stayed silent afterwards, lest Sona should ask her to get naked. Sona lay back on her bed and began studying for the exam.
Nisha looked at the time. It was 9:45 am. The forenoon exam was about to start at 10:00 am. She could still get ready and show up for the exam now. But the greed for perfect grades in a descriptive exam like Environmental Studies could only be achieved if she wrote the exam nude. She kept mulling over it till the time was 10:00 am.
"Now I have no option left. I have to write the exam in the nude," thought Nisha.
She was beginning to feel anxious now. She never wore a short skirt that reached above her knees in public, or learned swimming in a swimming pool from the hesitation of wearing a skimpy swimsuit. She never even appeared in her underwear in front of Sona in her room, let alone be bare naked in front of other fellow naked students. She decided to revise her notes again to calm her mind.
It was afternoon and the exam was to start at 2:00 pm, but Nisha was ready to leave by 1:20 pm. She was still in her T-shirt and shorts that she normally wore in the hostel.
"Hey, shall we go to the Lecture Building now?" Nisha asked Sona.
"Why not?" said Sona jumping up from her bed.
She put on her T-shirt and her knee length jeans skirt without wearing any underwear. Then she grabbed two pens, phone and her student ID card from the table.
"Where do we actually strip our clothes?" asked Nisha wearing her backpack.
"I guess most of them strip off in the exam room itself. I'll stuff my clothes and phone in your backpack. Is that okay?" said Sona.
Nisha nodded her head.
"Wait, you are still wearing your underwear? Wouldn't it be tedious to take them off before the exam starts?" said Sona.
"I don't know, I can take them off in the exam room itself I guess," said Nisha, now regretting her decision to write the afternoon exam.
Till last night, the prospect of getting naked was only a daydream, but now in less than half an hour, it was turning into reality. Sona could sense that Nisha was nervous, but Nisha didn't wanna show it.
"Kanika says she's waiting at the hostel gate," said Sona looking at her phone.
The Lecture Building where classes and exams were held was about five minutes of walk away from their hostel building. As they got out of their hostel entrance and walk towards the hostel gate, they were shocked by the sight of a naked girl wearing only her shoes and a backpack, with her back at them, her round butt clearly visible. They had seen that butt just the previous day in their room.
"No way, she is..."
"Kanika!" exclaimed Nisha completing Sona's sentence.
They walked towards her and Sona tapped on her shoulder. Kanika's round perky breasts bounced as she turned around.
"Hey, you guys aren't naked yet?"
"Do you think we're gonna walk all the way to the Lecture Building naked?" asked Sona, "We're gonna strip in the exam room itself."
"Shit!"
Kanika began to feel slightly embarrassed as she looked around and noticed some girls passing through the gate on their way to the exam staring at her. Some seemed to even giggle at each other after looking at her. She began to bend her left knee and turned it sideways to unsuccessfully cover her crotch, while she brought the straps of her backpack closer to her breasts to cover her nipples. She tried to hide her bare ass with one hand.
"You can go back and wear something," said Nisha, looking at her uneasiness.
"Come on, it's nothing," said Sona grabbing Kanika's shoulder to turn her towards the Lecture Building direction, "It's not a big deal."
She then slapped Kanika's naked butt and Kanika let out an 'Ouch.' Kanika was walking in the middle between Sona and Nisha, trying to shrug herself as much as possible to hide her nudity. The students passing by them, in their direction or to the opposite, kept staring at Kanika for a while. One boy passing by them wolf-whistled in a whisper, so that the girls couldn't confront him for catcalling. The trio did find some girls in bathrobes, and some boys and girls in their pyjamas, on their way to the Lecture Building, which wasn't abnormal in the campus. Their exam room was at the second floor of the building and Sona forced Kanika to take the stairs instead of the lift. Kanika knew that anyone walking behind them up the stairs would get a good view of her bare ass and even her lady parts.
Once they reached the landing and walked the hallway, they found that some students were in their underwear standing outside the exam room.
"At least some are in their undies," said Kanika with some relief.
The trio entered their exam room and found it empty. The large room had three lines of benches. Kanika and Nisha usually sat in the second and fourth bench respectively in the first line nearest to the entrance of the room. Nisha sat on her bench while Sona and Kanika stood beside her.
Sona took off her shirt and pulled down her skirt. She then grabbed Nisha's backpack and stuffed her clothes inside it.
"Hey Sona, you didn't shave," said Kanika once Sona was totally naked.
Sona grabbed some of the pubic hair from her crotch, it was almost handful.
"I don't care," said Sona.
"And what are you waiting for?" Kanika asked Nisha, "You need to strip right now."
Nisha couldn't escape now. She would never write the supplementary exam in the next semester by abandoning this exam. Just as she was about to take off her shirt, John and Rita entered the room. John was in boxers while Rita was wearing a bathrobe. They noticed the trio and waved at them.
"Looks like someone is ready to write the exam," said John looking at Kanika, especially at her shaved pussy.
"Oh no, not actually.." stuttered Kanika, getting shy by the fact that John was alluding to her pussy.
Rita didn't look amused by John's comment, and she almost frowned at him, but kept a stoic face. They both sat on the first bench and started going through some notes together.
"Don't blush so much, he's already with Rita," said Sona giving a mock punch to Kanika's bare stomach.
"A compliment is still a compliment," said Kanika, then she turned at Nisha, "Hey Nisha! I guess you're supposed to strip right?"
"Don't shout, I'm stripping," said Nisha, as she hesitantly pulled off her T-shirt, while being seated.
She pushed her shorts down, lifting her butt for a moment to slide it off, down to her ankles.
She sat still for few seconds in her underwear. She oddly felt comfortable wearing just her underwear, as she was the most clothed among her friends for now. She then felt Sona's hands unclasping her bra from behind.
"What are you doing?" Nisha shouted.
But she let her bra straps slid off her shoulders as Sona took it off. Now Kanika grabbed Nisha's legs and turned it sideways, making Nisha lie on her bench. She then pulled Nisha's panties off her legs. Nisha didn't physically resist them, knowing very well that sooner or later she had to get naked anyway. Nisha's body wasn't as athletic and tight as Sona's or chubby and round as Kanika's, but her skin was smoother and softer and she looked hot naked.
Nisha straightened up and sat on her bench and picked up all her clothes and packed them in her backpack. She then took out the large textbook of Environmental Studies, opened it and strategically placed it on the desk in front of her so that her boobs were hidden.
"Now we three are ready to write our exams!" said Sona giving a pat on Nisha's naked back.
Nisha looked down at her own crotch which never seemed to grow more than a couple of strands of hair and then looked at Sona's crotch which was almost touching her shoulders. She was relieved to see that her pubic hair wasn't as bushy or big as Sona's. She hoped to stay seated and hidden on her bench, behind her desk.
"Oh shit, I forgot my student ID!" exclaimed Kanika as she went through her backpack.
"It's nothing to worry about. Invigilators hardly check your ID," said Sona.
"But surprise checks are still a possibility. We still have time, you can get it from your room," said Nisha, looking at the clock on the wall of the room which showed 1.30 pm.
"Hey, someone walk with me to the hostel, I can't walk alone naked!" said Kanika.
Nisha was relieved to see Sona readily accompanying Kanika on her naked walk to hostel.
As she saw the bare asses of Kanika and Sona walking out of the room, Nisha felt even more alone and exposed now. Only John and Rita were present in the room apart from her. She couldn't concentrate on the textbook she was holding, but she didn't require it either, as she had done thorough preparation for the exam.
Nisha then saw a naked leg wearing a sports shoe and long socks entering the room. She guessed who the boy was. It was Neeraj, entering the room with confidence, wearing only shoes, socks and backpack, with his dick freely hanging out. He waved with a smile at the couple sitting on the first bench, then he turned to Nisha and waved at her with a wider smile. Nisha was half pretending to be looking at her textbook as she looked at him and returned a wave.
Nisha couldn't help staring at his dick as it swung to and fro with each of his walking steps towards his bench. Nisha felt her heart beat faster as he came nearer.
"You actually chose this exam," came a voice.
Was Neeraj's dick talking to her?
She looked up and Neeraj was standing in front of her, in the small gap between his and her benches.
"What?" said Nisha, totally forgetting about her cover, and shutting the textbook down.
She felt obliged to get up, even though she felt stupid doing so after she got up from her seat, showing her boobs and pussy in a clear view to Neeraj.
"You chose to be naked," said Neeraj.
"Well, I needed those ten marks desperately," said Nisha.
"You needed to get naked desperately," said Neeraj with a smile to which Nisha didn't object.
Neeraj turned around to take off the backpack and place it on his bench. Nisha stealthily looked at his bare ass.
"Can I sit with you for few minutes?" he asked.
Nisha was startled to hear this, but she gave him some space by moving sideways to the right and Neeraj walked around the desk to sit beside her. Nisha was getting more nervous now. Their naked thighs touched each other and Nisha saw her nipples getting erect.
"I just hope he doesn't notice my nipples," she thought, "I need to distract him somehow."
"How did this rule come into existence?" she stammered, wanting to steer the conversation in a different direction, "It doesn't make any sense. I mean, this provision could be applied to other subjects too right? Why only Environmental Studies?"
"Well, it started some three years ago," said Neeraj, "You know how vast and lengthy the syllabus of this exam is. There had been rampant cheating in this exam for quite some time. Students kept hiding chits of paper in any part of their clothes possible. Actually, the then First Year Student Rep proposed this idea to the College Dean of Exams that let the students write the exam naked. Most of the students had been struggling to get good grades in this course without cheating. As a solution, he argued that Environmental Studies is the only course which requires writing lengthy answers and students should be granted ten marks extra, if they write it naked. I kid you not, he proposed this only as a joke. But surprisingly, the Dean of Exams accepted the idea and included it in the guidelines."
"But still the rule seems so ridiculous," said Nisha, "I mean, what if some student complains about it outside the college or even tell it to their parents."
"So far nothing has happened," said Neeraj, "It has just continued. Anyhow the forenoon exam is conducted normally. Most of the shy ones or even the studious ones take that exam. I chose the afternoon exam to get some decent grades, I don't know how to cheat anyway. You know, if I tank this boring, lengthy ass exam as a Student Rep, I would be ashamed. And also, something about this is different. I mean, this is always the last exam of the first semester. We won't have this kind of exam at all in the remaining semesters of our engineering course."
Before they could speak any further Kanika stormed into the room, wearing her ID card which was dangling across her waist. She was panting heavily.
"Hi Neeraj!" said Kanika, somewhat shocked that he was sitting beside Nisha.
"Hey Kanika, you look fab," said Neeraj, glancing at her naked body once, "I see you shaved."
Kanika was visibly blushed by Neeraj's comments, the second one from a boy that day.
"Where's Sona? And how did you come back so fast?" asked Nisha.
"We sprinted our way to the hostel and back," said Kanika with a panting voice, "She got some of the athletic friends in the hallway, so she started talking with them. They are also totally nude. Wow, Sona is such a sprinter, I was just running alone behind, while she was already waiting for me in the hostel gate."
"I think I should get back to my seat now, don't wanna disturb you," said Neeraj as he got up.
Nisha wanted to stop him, but felt hesitant. She turned her face to the left to look at Neeraj's butt which was at her eyes' level.
"Uhh....Neeraj," said Nisha.
"Yes," said Neeraj.
"There's something sticking on your butt, I mean your right buttcheek."
"What is it?" Neeraj tried to brush his buttcheeks with his hands.
"It's a pencil shaving," said Nisha, "The waste from the pencil when you sharpen it."
Neeraj again patted his right buttcheek and even his left one casually. Nisha and Kanika were enjoying this, both slightly aroused by the movements of Neeraj's buttcheeks.
"Can I take if off your butt?" asked Nisha slowly.
"Sure."
Nisha brought her one hand close to his butt. Her hand was trembling and on top of that she could feel Kanika was smiling naughtily.
Nisha tried to brush off the piece of pencil shaving. But it was stubbornly stuck. Her action only made Neeraj's buttcheek wobble a bit more and Kanika couldn't control her laughter.
"Are you just trying to touch my butt?" asked Neeraj turning his face back with a mischievous smile.
"No, the pencil shaving is still there."
"You can just pluck it, peel it off," said Kanika.
Nisha did what Kanika suggested and she used her thumb and index fingers to pick the small piece of pencil shaving off Neeraj's butt.
"Here, there was actually something sticking on your butt," said Nisha showing Neeraj the pencil shaving piece.
"I think it got stuck because of my sweaty butt. Well, at least you got to touch it," said Neeraj again with a cute smile as he went back to his seat.
Kanika sat beside Nisha now.
"Oh shit, he surely has got the hots for you," said Kanika as her naked body shook with excitement.
Nisha shushed her with a frown, but she actually liked the teasing.
Kanika spent the next few minutes going through Nisha's notes, sitting beside Nisha, while Nisha was noticing each and every student entering the exam hall. She was surprised to see a studious boy named Amit, enter the room wearing nothing but a pair of glasses on his eyes. His one hand was occupied with almost six pens of different colours and his other hands covered his dick and balls. The boy was actually embarrassed.
"How did he come all the way barefoot?" thought Nisha.
Most of the boys and girls entered the room in their casual dresses, in T-shirts and shorts. Few did enter in their underwear. Almost all of them had backpacks. One girl did enter only in a T-shirt and as soon as she sat in her seat, she took it off. Sona came back and went to the last bench of the first line after giving a thumbs up to Nisha and Kanika.
There were only around fifteen students in total in that particular exam room. Most of the benches were left empty, as the occupants of those benches had written the exam in the morning.
"Hey," said Neeraj turning around in his seat, "Don't you guys think students can still cheat this exam in their naked state by hiding chits of papers elsewhere?"
"Elsewhere? Where?" asked Nisha.
"You know like..." said Neeraj and then proceeded to give two slaps on his butt.
Nisha laughed.
"Eww...who would hide it in their butt?" said Kanika who looked at Neeraj with a disgust in her face.
"You girls could also hide it in...you know...your lady parts," said Neeraj.
"Neeraj, you obviously don't know about vaginas. I bet you're a virgin," said Kanika.
"There's no need to bet on that, I am a virgin. Are you a virgin?"
"I..I don't wanna say anything," said Kanika, slightly embarrassed and pretending to read her notes again.
Neeraj then looked at Nisha and Nisha simply pretended to read her textbook.
It was only fifteen minutes before the exam was supposed to start. All those who were partially clothed now began to strip completely. Those who were wearing shoes also began to remove it. Kanika too left Nisha's bench and went to her seat, which was just behind the John's bench.
Nisha noticed the couple now got up from the bench and began to strip. John just had to pull down his boxers. Rita removed her bathrobe and revealed a tattoo of a thick arrow running from the middle of her back to the top of her butt, the arrow pointing right at the top of her asscrack. She turned around to go to her seat at the back of the room. Nisha noticed that in the front of Rita's body too, there was a similar kind of tattoo, starting above the belly button and pointing right at the top of her pussy, which was bald. Heads of the students turned at her tattoos as she walked past them through the aisle of the first and second lines of benches.
"Crazy tattoo right?" commented Neeraj as he turned around at Nisha.
Nisha just nodded her head, rolling her eyes.
Nisha noticed one thing owing to her judgmental nature. Most of the students in the afternoon exam were the ones who didn't worry much about their grades. Neeraj was just average in his grades too and so were John and Rita. They weren't particularly interested in getting the top grades. The only other studious student was Amit, who had come to the exam fully naked and barefoot and he didn't seem to remove his hands from his crotch even while he was seated.
"Am I too crazy for getting so desperate about grades?" thought Nisha.
The bell rang, signalling just ten minutes were left before the commencement of the exam. At the same time the invigilator entered the room and every student stood up to greet her. The invigilator was dressed in the most modest way possible, a full sleeve salwar and kameez and a shawl over her chest. Nisha noticed that the invigilator was quite young, may be a Masters student or a PhD, as most of the invigilators were in other exams. Nisha also looked around and saw some of the boys had their dick getting erect, most probably because of the pretty invigilator, who even in her modest clothes, looked quite hot.
"I think you all know the rules of this special exam. Keep your shoes against the nearest wall, keep your phones inside your backpacks and keep the backpacks in the corners near the blackboard. If someone hasn't brought their backpacks, they can keep their phones on the desk near the blackboard," announced the invigilator.
Nisha had already kept her shoes against the wall which was nearer to her. Students sitting at the middle line had to choose either their left or right wall to keep their shoes.
The real awkwardness began when students walked to the front of the class to keep their backpacks in either corner nearest to the blackboard. Nisha had never been nearer to another naked person, let alone a bunch of them before that day. The naked students seemed to show quite intimate parts of their body when they bent over to place the backpacks in the corner.
"Students in alphabetical order of their names will get up and come to me one by one and get the question paper and answer booklet. Please wear your ID cards," the invigilator announced once the students were back on their seats.
This was something Nisha didn't expect to happen. Amit got up from his front seat in the third line. He walked towards the invigilator with his hands covering his crotch.
"Please remove your hands from your body, don't try to cover anything," announced the invigilator after seeing this.
Amit hesitantly removed his hands and the invigilator scanned his body from top to bottom. She then asked him to turn around and looked at his butt. She asked him to turn around again and gave him the question paper and answer booklet.
"She's probably checking for chits of paper," whispered Neeraj, turning back to Nisha.
She did the same for all the students as they walked to her one by one. Nisha noticed some boys still had their dicks erect as they walked towards the invigilator. It was awkward when such boys turned around to face the whole room while their butts were being checked out by the invigilator and the erect dick pointed to the whole class. Nisha was bemused by the invigilator's stoic face in such an odd situation.
Nisha was not really nervous walking to the invigilator. She did have the habit of holding her hands together as it swung across the front of her hips. But realising what the invigilator had directed, she let her hands free and let the invigilator scan her naked front and back and took the question paper and answer booklet. When she walked back to her seat, she saw Neeraj giving her a thumbs up and with a wink mouthing 'All The Best.' She too winked back at him.
When Rita walked to the invigilator, the invigilator for the first time had a surprised reaction in her hitherto stoic face. When Rita turned around facing the whole room, students again kept staring at her pussy-pointing arrow tattoo. Some of the students couldn't control their laughter after seeing the tattoo and Rita gave a frowning look to some of them as she walked past their benches.
Once everyone got their question papers and answer booklets, they waited for the commencement bell of the exam. When the bell rang, the invigilator announced, "Your time starts now."
After glancing through the question paper once, Nisha thought that this was by far the most easiest question paper of the semester and she couldn't believe why she didn't choose the forenoon exam. Even though she knew all the answers of the questions, they were quite descriptive and long and she had to write a lot.
Nisha kept writing the answers on the sheet with great speed and her main distraction was her boobs shaking along with her quick movements of hand. Another thing that was distracting Nisha was Neeraj's buttcrack. Neeraj was sitting at the edge of the bench, almost hugging the desk while writing answers. Nisha couldn't help but notice how Neeraj's soft butts gently rested on the bench. Nisha looked at her nipples as it was starting to get erect and she began to feel a slight itch in her nether regions.
"Focus Nisha, focus," Nisha told herself mentally.
Time passed quickly as Nisha completed the exam, having a slight ache in her arms by writing long answers. She just looked around to pass the time. Some boys sitting in the middle line still had their dicks erect while seated, catching a glance of the perfect hourglass figure of the invigilator who was walking up and down the room. She felt that the boys might be getting a thrill out of being naked in front of a hot woman. Beyond the middle line, at the first bench of the third line, Amit was still having his one hand over his crotch, while his other hand was writing the answers at a great speed on the booklet. In her own line, she could see that Kanika was probably daydreaming, as she kept looking up at the ceiling, which she usually did during the exams when she couldn't think of any answers.
She looked back at her answer booklet and reread her answers once or twice. She then got up and walked towards the invigilator to submit her answer paper. The invigilator took her paper and kept it on the desk near the blackboard.
Nisha looked at the wall clock and it was just 4:30 pm.
On her way back to her bench she saw Neeraj seriously writing his answers. She got to her seat and wiped some beads from sweat from her forehead with her bare hands, regretting the fact that she hadn't kept a handkerchief with her. Then she realised there were drops of sweat all over her body. She wiped them off from neck, under her boobs, and across her midriff.
Nisha caught the sight of Neeraj's naked back, then his naked hips and his buttcrack. She was wiping the sweat off her upper thighs and somehow her hand slipped up to her crotch.
"What am I doing? This is an exam room, a public place," whispered Nisha to herself.
She looked around the room for a while. Almost everyone was lost in their answer sheets, as the time for the exam to wrap up was quickly approaching. She slid her butt to the edge of the bench, trying to cover herself as much as possible by getting closer to the desk. She noticed the examiner was not particularly looking at her line of benches.
In her frenzy to perform perfectly in the exam, she had forgotten the oddness of her situation, that she was completely naked in public! For an exam! She was in a room full of students where everyone was naked and her crush was sitting with his butt exposed right in front of her. She replayed in her mind how just a couple of hours ago Neeraj had shown his perfect dick dangling in front of her, how she had touched his cute butt to remove the pencil shaving and how his butt wobbled with her touch. She bent herself closer to the desk and laid her head on it, pretending to sleep. But her one hand was caressing her nipples gently while her other hand was going through the folds of her vagina and gently fingering it.
She slowly fingered her vagina, first teasing it by moving her fingers in circular motion, then slowly inserting them in and out. She began to take heavy breaths as pleasure took reign of her mind. She raised her head and kept looking at Neeraj's naked form from behind.
She began fantasising Neeraj railing her from behind against the teacher's desk, her boobs dangling to and fro with each of Neeraj's thrust inside her wet vagina, while she bent over with her hands supporting on the desk, facing the whole exam room with the naked students still writing the exam on their desks, this time even the hot invigilator walking up and down the room bare-ass naked.
Her fantasy was broken as she was about to have an orgasm. She clenched her teeth as she tried to suppress her moan. She pressed both the palms of hands against her pussy, saturating them with her ejaculation, as she came hard. She couldn't believe what she just did. She raised her head. Everything still looked the same. Her pussy kept leaking. Some of the drops spilled on the floor too. Her body shivered and spasmed for a split second after the orgasm.
She lifted her head again and she sat with a shrugged posture, trying to hide her body as much as possible, still sitting on the edge of her bench. She kept wondering if anyone caught her masturbating. She locked her hands between her naked thighs pressed together tightly.
The bell rang at 5:00 pm and the invigilator announced to everyone to stop writing. Some students submitted their answer booklets. Some were still on their benches, writing the answers at their top speed. The invigilator then began to snatch the answer booklets from each desk one by one, as some of the students didn't stop writing at all. As she passed by Nisha's bench, Nisha tried to hide herself as much as possible by bringing her thighs and elbows together. Once the invigilator had collected everyone's answer sheet, she allowed the students to leave the room.
The students first put on their footwear. Nisha tried to act casual while tying her shoes. She was grateful about the fact that the wetness wasn't obvious. She then stood and locked the fingers of both her hands together, keeping the locked fists in front of her crotch as she walked towards the corner that had the pile of backpacks. She decided to wait at some distance, as naked bodies tussled each other to find their backpacks. She suddenly felt a slap on her left buttcheek.
"How was the paper, topper?" shouted Kanika in Nisha's left ear.
"Kanika! Why did you slap my butt like that?" said Nisha looking around.
"Hey, suddenly you're so shy? You're hiding your crotch," said Kanika noticing her posture. She turned to face to her and noticed her naked legs. There were cum drops dripping along her thighs.
"Oh my gosh, Nisha did you pee?"
"Shh...don't shout," said Nisha hastily as she shushed without putting the index finger on her lips.
"Hey, that Rita was sitting in front of me, and I couldn't concentrate on my answers because of her stupid tattoo pointing at her butt," said Sona as she walked to Nisha's side.
Nisha just nodded while Kanika still kept looking at the Nisha's wet thighs.
The corner was deserted in less than a minute, as only two or three backpacks lay near it. Nisha quickly paced towards her backpack, picked it and placed it in front of her. She then looked around and saw that most of the students were getting dressed. Amit was still sitting on his bench as he hadn't brought anything to wear, so he had to go back naked, just like Kanika.
"I will get dressed in the bathroom," Nisha said to Kanika.
Suddenly they heard someone addressing the room.
"Hey hey guys, wait before you get dressed," it was Neeraj shouting who had suddenly jumped on the elevated platform in the front, flapping his dick and balls, "As you all know it's the official end of this semester and our first year and we're the students in our batch to appear naked for this exam. We're gonna have a naked gathering in the Common Hall. Of course we can wear our footwear. The seniors who started the tradition of writing this exam naked have few words to say to us. We're gonna have some group photos. I will gather the naked students from other departments. Let's walk all the way to the Common Hall naked and have our own Naked Parade!"
A boy shouted in support of this and others too did a weak shout of hurray. Everybody began to undo their clothing again.
"We're gonna have a naked parade!" Sona said.
"I don't think we should do that. We can go back to our hostel," said Nisha.
"Hey why not? Everybody is naked. It's gonna be fun," said Kanika without hearing any more words from Nisha as she was trying to open her mouth to say something.
* * * * *
Nisha was walking in the middle between Kanika and Sona, as the group of naked students got slightly bigger from students of other departments. Kanika's statement that everybody was naked wasn't true at all. As they walked through the hallways and walked down the stairs, they could see some of the clothed students of different years and some professors staring at the naked procession.
The procession consisted of around thirty five students from the whole first year batch. The trio was almost walking at the end of the procession. Nisha was still worried about her wet thighs and crotch. She opened her backpack while walking with the crowd and found a handkerchief to wipe the wetness stealthily. She noticed that Amit was also walking near them, still covering his crotch with his hands. Nisha didn't feel anything weird when they walked out of the Lecture Building. But she realised that the Common Hall was almost a ten minute walk. They were gonna walk past so many stares.
They walked through a lane which was almost flooded with parked bicycles on both sides. There were students of other years who just came out of the exam rooms. As the naked procession progressed, everybody's eyes were fixed at it.
"You guys didn't go to your hostels after this?" shouted one girl.
"Nope," said Amit turning back.
"Hey Amit, you too got naked? I didn't expect that," said Kanika, who was walking just beside him.
"Yes," he said.
"That's cool Amit!" said Kanika extending her hand for a shake.
Amit was almost hesitant, but he still kept one hand over his crotch and let his right hand shake Kanika's hand.
"Give me the pens Amit, I'll keep them in my backpack," said Nisha who noticed that Amit was still holding his pens. Amit seemed to be happy about letting his hands free from the pens, though his one hand was still holding his penis.
John and Rita broke away from the procession and ran to the opposite direction. Some of the bystanders were amused by the Rita's arrow tattoo in the front and back of her naked body.
"Where are you going?" asked Amit as John jogged past him.
Both John and Rita stopped.
"We want to ride our bicycles," said John.
"We will never get another chance to ride our bicycles naked," said Rita and they jogged back to their bicycles which wasn't parked very far.
"Well, they are having their own WNBR," said Sona as the four of them continued walking at the end of the procession.
"What's WNBR?" asked Amit.
"It's World Naked Bike Racing or Riding something. People ride their bicycles naked around the cities in some other parts of the world annually I guess."
"I didn't know that," said Nisha.
"Me neither," said Kanika.
Within a minute they saw the couple riding their bicycles right past them and some of the students in the procession cheered for them.
The procession was about to enter an open playground, instead of taking a right turn along the path of the lane which wound around and away from ground far away and would have led them to the Common Hall. The walk through the playground was indeed a shortcut. The unkempt playground served as a cricket ground and students fresh from writing their final exam of the semester were playing the game. Some few dozens more students were playing badminton, catch, frisbee, or just simple tricks with soccer balls in different spots of the playground. And some were just sitting on the untended grass under the shade of some trees that grew along the edge of the ground. Almost everyone in the playground stood statue for a moment as the procession came into their view.
The procession tried to walk along the edge of the ground instead of walking right through the centre, to not disturb the ongoing game of cricket. Neeraj broke away from the procession running naked to the centre. He ran to the bowler, who seemed to be quite shocked watching a naked guy running towards him. Neeraj talked to the bowler, then took the ball and decided deliver a ball to the batsman. The batsman seemed to be distracted by Neeraj's bouncing dick and balls as he ran some distance before throwing a fast ball and it hit through the wickets. There was some weak cheer among the cricket players for Neeraj's amazing delivery.
"This Neeraj guy is wild right?" said Sona as they kept walking slowly at the back end of the procession.
"Yes, he absolutely is," said Nisha with a smile as Neeraj seemed to be happy with his bowling and ran back to join the procession in the front.
"I could be never like him," said Amit.
"Hey Amit, don't say like that, you need not be like him," said Kanika, "By the way, why are you not wearing shoes?"
"I just followed the instructions in the Student Handbook," said Amit.
Nisha was amazed at how Amit was able to walk barefoot on the rough playground.
"Oh my god, such nice asses," came a voice and then a loud wolf-whistle.
The four of them turned around and spotted a group of guys sitting on the grass looking at them. One of the boys seemed to have taken some photos of their naked behinds on his phone.
"Shit the shortest one is a boy," said the wolf-whistling boy, "I kept wondering how can a girl have such short hair and flat boobs. This nerd is too afraid to show his dick."
"Don't you guys have anything else to do?" said Sona who approached them and stood with her hands on her hips and one leg stretched outwards and bent, showing them her naked front.
"Oh shit, it's Sona," said wolf-whistling boy and he stood up, "We didn't know it was you Sona. But how did you join these freaks?"
"They are my friends, not freaks," said Sona, "Stop bothering them."
The boy seemed to be embarrassed and then signalled the rest of his group to get up from the grass and they left.
"You know them?" asked Kanika.
"They're sports-persons of our college. I know them. Didn't expect them to behave like this," said Sona.
"Girls we're behind, they're already leaving the playground," said Amit, turning around and watching the procession almost crossing the ground, entering the concrete lane again.
The four of them jogged faster. It was a new experience for all them, running naked in an open ground. They knew that the other students present on the playground definitely noticed them. They slowed their pace to a walking speed once they reached the end of procession again.
The procession reached near the entrance of the hall. The couple were already waiting at the entrance. The large Common Hall held the convocation ceremony annually, apart from different cultural programmes and seminars. For now, the chairs were stacked at different places near the end of the hall opposite to the stage. There were five students, three boys and two girls, standing on the raised stage.
"Welcome! The naked bunch," said the boy standing in the middle of the five.
The naked bunch had gathered around the front of the stage.
"Hi, I'm Manu and we are the first naked bunch," said the middle boy after glancing at the remaining four students with him, "I was the Student Rep in my first year. I suggested the Exam Dean to make the students write the exam naked so that it's difficult to hide chits of paper in naked bodies. I only meant it as a joke. The funny thing is none of us thought it would be accepted. I bet the Exam Dean is secretly nudist. Visit his office at odd hours during daytime, you can almost notice him sitting behind his desk going without pants."
There was some light chuckle among the naked bunch.
"We also suggested that the exam should have 10 marks awarded extra, to incentivise students to get naked," he continued.
"It did work on me," thought Nisha.
"We five were the only ones to write the afternoon exam naked and it seemed harmless to the college administration. They haven't yet applied this for other subjects, so let's see if it gets expanded in the coming years. The number only kept growing in the following years and this year it's the highest, almost thirty five students! Give yourself a big clap guys!" said Manu and the current naked bunch gave a big applause with some shouts.
"Let's have a group photo guys," said Neeraj. The seniors got down the stage to let the first years have their photo session.
There was already another first year clothed guy, waiting with his professional camera hanging around his neck.
The group of 35 students got up on the stage to pose for the group photo.
"Guys some of you have to kneel down, so that everyone can fit into the frame perfectly" said the photographer.
Amit, Sona, Kanika, and Nisha were incidentally standing in the middle. The girls decided to kneel down on one knee for the pose. Soon, following the trio most of the girls decided to kneel down and form the front row of the group pose. When all of them decided on their position and pose, the photographer was about to take a snap.
"Excuse me. Please free up your hands," said the photographer. He was talking to Amit.
Amit seemed quite nervous as he removed his hands to let his penis free. Once the photographer took a few snaps of the group, Kanika felt something touching the back of her head. She turned around and found the erect dick of Amit pointing right at her nose.
"Sorry," said Amit struggling to flatten his hard penis with his palms.
Kanika giggled silently.
"One photo with the seniors please," said Neeraj.
The five seniors jumped on the stage.
"But you know how you all should be in the photo - naked," said Neeraj.
"Hey! No. I didn't prepare for this," said Manu.
But a couple of first year naked boys held Manu's hands and began unbuttoning his shirt and some unzipped and pulled down his pants. The other two male seniors began to strip hesitantly, to avoid being forcibly stripped. The remaining two female seniors were just standing with folded hands and Neeraj signalled the trio to strip them. Sona talked with the female seniors as they were also athletes and knew Sona very well. They casually stripped off their clothes.
The five seniors were naked to their bare ass now, but they initially didn't expect to get naked for the photo. They almost giggled looking at each other as they remembered their Environmental Studies exam in the first year. All the seniors mingled with standing first years and the student photographer took a photo again.
"Gosh, I should have arranged some beer to accentuate the vibe here," said Neeraj.
"You know our college Neeraj," said Manu, who was not really used to being naked as he tried to hide his dick uncomfortably with one hand like Amit, "They wouldn't allow alcohol inside the campus."
"Yeah, but they allow a bunch of students to get stark naked and gather in the big Common Hall," said Neeraj in an almost confused tone and then he chuckled giving a high-five to Manu.
The photographer now also turned DJ for the gathering. He connected his phone to the speaker system of the hall and started playing a playlist of Bollywood party songs. Almost all of the naked students took off their backpacks and placed it against the walls of the hall.
Groups of three or four who were scattered in the hall, mostly nearer to the stage, began to groove slightly, shaking their heads, tilting their shoulders and some girl even shaking their boobs with the rhythm.
One guy found the podium (lectern) with mike in a corner and dragged it to the centre of the stage. He then posed for photos with it as if he was addressing the hall. This became the main fun activity of the students gathered there as one by one, they felt crazy taking a photo of themselves pretending to speak naked at the podium. Some boys and girls even pretended to act surprised at their naked state, standing beside the podium and trying to cover their genitals and boobs with their hands, like an embarrassed nude male or female, for the photos.
There were photo sessions in other parts of the hall too. Some of the girls were holding their underboobs or sideboobs, pointing their nipples outwards and sticking their tongues out, while the boys were holding their dick upwards, some even with an erect dick, for the photos. Some students decided to take the service of the clothed photographer and took mini-group photos of their own against the walls of the big hall or even at the stage.
Eventually, some students forcibly stripped the photographer, who was initially panicked, but ultimately submitted to his peers. He was visibly embarrassed as he tried to cover his dick with one hand and his butt with other and he walked around like a hunchback in embarrassment, with the camera hanging around his neck.
Sona, Nisha, Kanika, and Amit were standing in the middle of the hall with the two senior girls. Amit was now holding his dick with both hands. He was finding it hard to hide his enlarging dick with one hand as he never expected by the end of the exam that he would be standing with five naked girls.
Sona suddenly pulled Nisha by her arms to some distance away from the group.
"Hey tell, me one thing," said Sona to Nisha, "You masturbated on the exam bench, right?"
"What? No," said Nisha, suddenly covering her crotch just like Amit.
"Come on girl, I saw the wetness on your thighs," said Sona.
"That was just sweat," said Nisha.
"Ain't no sweat look slippery like that," said Sona, "Who were you masturbating at? The invigilator? She was hot though right, even in her fully covered clothes."
"I'm not lesbian, you know that."
"Hmm...it was Neeraj right? I bet he looked hot from his back too," said Sona with a smile, "You naughty girl, I never expected you to do something this wild, let alone get naked in public."
Nisha didn't say anything, but she smiled shyly and Sona patted on her shoulder
Almost everyone in the hall seemed to be enjoying the vibe with the party songs. Eventually everybody began shaking and grooving to the songs. Boobs and butts and dicks and balls were bouncing with each beat as majority of the students began to dance. John and Rita were dancing like a couple.
Amit was trying to dance with Kanika, without removing his hands, but they still seemed to enjoy. The senior girls also began shaking to each other at some distance and turned around to bump their butts.
Nisha and Sona started doing some steps too. Nisha felt a tap on her shoulder. It was Neeraj.
"Hey, where were you in the parade?" asked Neeraj, "I was expecting you to join me in the front."
"I was walking with my friends," said Nisha and turned to face Sona.
"I'll leave you two guys," said Sona as she walked up to the lady seniors and started dancing with them after giving a thumbs up to Nisha.
Nisha wasn't expecting to be left alone with Neeraj, but she wanted to be.
"So, are you enjoying this naked gathering?" asked Neeraj.
"Well, obviously yes, are you?" said Nisha, who wouldn't have said that just a few hours ago.
"Oh you bet," said Neeraj.
They grooved slightly along the music, though they didn't really know how to dance.
Neeraj then led Nisha by her hand towards the end of the large hall opposite to the stage end. Only the lights near the stage end were lit while the middle of the hall was dimly lit and the end of the hall was almost dark. They stood beside a stack of chairs placed near a corner of the hall. The height of the stack was almost taller than Neeraj.
"Would you mind if we stay hidden?" asked Neeraj.
Nisha nodded with a smile and they hid themselves in the space between the corner and the stack of chairs. Neeraj was almost caught by surprise when Nisha grabbed his mouth and kissed him. They both shared a passionate kiss. She could feel Neeraj's dick suddenly enlarged and erect against her belly.
"This is my first kiss you know," said Neeraj.
"I don't believe you liar, but this is my first kiss too," said Nisha.
Nisha then slid her hands from Neeraj's face through his chest and his toned stomach down his crotch. She then grabbed his dick and began to stroke it gently. She felt his dick pulsate faster and grow harder even more.
Neeraj too began to grope one of Nisha's breasts. He then caught her nipple and gave a slight twist to it.
"What are you doing?" said Nisha playfully pushing his hand away.
"What? You didn't like that?" said Neeraj with worried eyebrows.
"Oh no. It was just unexpected. Just don't pull it hard."
She let him touch her nipples again. Neeraj began to feel Nisha's sideboob and then the side of her abdomen before grabbing her hips. He then slipped his hand to her crotch, caressing her pubes for a while and then let his fingers inside her pussy.
"It's already so wet," commented Neeraj as he just touched the folds of her vagina.
"I touched myself to you."
"What?"
"I masturbated. Looking at your buttcrack."
"What? When?"
"In the exam room."
"Shit. That's so hot."
After that Neeraj began to pump his finger inside her vagina, while the other hand grabbed her boobs again. With their eyes closed, they forgot for a moment that they were still in a very public place, though in a dark corner, naked except for their shoes, while some party song was playing in the background.
Nisha felt a splash of her ejaculation coming out and wetting Neeraj's hands. Neeraj moved his hand away, but his dick was still held by Nisha. Nisha kept stroking it faster, till it shot a stream of cum upwards, across her belly and her boobs. They shared a kiss passionately one final time.
"Hey, is that Kanika?" said Neeraj.
Nisha opened her eyes and looked at the direction where Neeraj was looking. Opposite to the wall where they both were standing, in a corner, but not hidden by any stack of chairs, were Amit and Kanika. Amit was standing against the wall, his hands stretched and almost stuck on the wall, while Kanika was on her knees, giving him a blowjob. Amit had his eyes closed and Kanika seemed to be going for a deep throat.
Nisha and Neeraj giggled at the sight of Amit shooting his cum by holding his dick away from Kanika, while Kanika was lying on her butt on the floor, trying to dodge Amit's cumshots.
Neeraj and Nisha walked towards the spot where their backpacks were lying, holding their crotches in shame. Sona was noticing them. Neeraj took out a handkerchief from his backpack and wiped the drops of cum around Nisha's boobs and belly. He then handed it to Nisha and she wiped her cum around her legs. Nisha wondered if any other student in the hall noticed them or Amit and Kanika, but all seemed to be lost in their own small groups and to the ecstatic naked vibe of the evening, happy to finish their first year.
* * * * *
It was dark when the students began leaving the hall. Most of them began to wear whatever clothes they had kept in their backpacks. Neeraj joined some of the boys after bidding farewell to Nisha.
"You're going back naked?" asked Nisha.
"Oh shit! Yeah, I brought only a towel with me," said Neeraj as he took it out from his backpack and hastily wrapped it around his waist, before waving at Nisha.
"See you soon," said Amit to Kanika, who was still holding his dick when he left.
The trio joined again. Nisha was about to get dressed by taking out her T-shirt and shorts.
"Hey! Don't wear any clothes! I'm still naked, I've to walk all way to the hostel like this," said Kanika pointing her naked body from top to bottom.
The walk back to the hostel felt almost as weird as the walk from the exam room to the Common Hall. Only the three of them were walking naked outside on their path.
Nisha felt a different kind of freedom, walking naked in the chill night air in the open. She was happy that she made the naked choice.
The trio was met by numerous stares on their way back to the hostel, most of them turning around to look at their luscious naked butts in the dim night lights.
* * * * *
Thank you for reading the story and I hope you enjoyed it! Please vote if you liked the story and provide your feedbacks in the comments. Also check out other Nude Day 2021 entrieshereand vote for the best ones.