The words kept repeating in my mind as I was working my way through a post orgasm nap:
"I kind of burned our clothes."
Had my mind not been in such a sex crazed fog it might have alarmed me more. Especially since these were the last words muttered to me by my roommate and naughty partner-in-crime Lynn who was lying next to me naked, next to the campfire she built.
Questions kept circling in my mind:What clothes? You burned all of our clothes? Why did you burn any of our clothes?Finally, after one particularly bad thought -us being trapped out in the middle of nowhere and without a stitch of clothing- my mind came back to me and I sat up.
I was still next to the fire. Rather what was the fire the night before. I appeared to be very early in the morning and I looked down and saw Lynn was still deep in dream-land and decided to investigate rather than wake her and cause a needless panic. I looked into the fire and there did appear to be several charred remains of what very well could have been the flimsy outfits Lynn forced us to wear for our hike through the woods. There was still smoke coming off the fire so I couldn't investigate much further and decided those were a lost cause even if they were our clothes and started walking to her Uncle's cabin to see if I could find where Lynn had put our other clothes she packed.
As I noticed when we first arrived I didn't see many places to hide and clothes: there were no dressers or closets in the tiny cabin. I rifled through both of our backpacks and all I could find was two trash bags we had brought to haul our trash when we left after the weekend. I really started to get flustered and started running around the cabin hoping there was some corner I hadn't thought to look in yet. Just as I was becoming very flustered I heard the door to the cabin open and saw Lynn yawning and stretching her arms making a giant Y with her body.
"Oh good, you're awake," I snipped sharply. "What did you mean when you said you 'kind of burned our clothes last night?"
Lynn's face went straight to the floor and she tried to avoid eye contact at all costs.
"Well, I knew you wouldn't like my idea of going naked the whole weekend, and figured this way you wouldn't have a choice," she told the floor.
"What do you mean wouldn't have a choice, where are the other clothes you packed? Both of our packs were full on the hike in," I said and could hear the confusion and undertone of anger just beneath the surface.
"Don't be mad, I just really needed a weekend away and wanted it to be one to remember. I packed all the food in your bag so it would still be heavy and in mine I put one of our weights until you weren't looking and then I threw it in the trunk."
I threw my arms into the air, "Oh God Lynn! What are going to do? What if someone stumbles upon us, or we need to go into town for something?"
As I was talking I could tell Lynn was barely paying attention and walked past me to her pack and dug into one of the pockets. I was hoping there was a secret compartment with a whole outfit for each of us but Lynn pulled out her hand and was holding, to her, the next best thing: two joints.
"Jade you are freaking out over nothing. No one knows about this place and there is a gym bag with clothes in the trunk of your car waiting for us down at the base camp. Everything is fine," she said lighting one of the joints.
She took a long pull and came up to me, holding out the joint. I reluctantly reached out for it and she drew it back motioning for me to open my mouth. She slowly exhaled her smoke and gave me a nice shotgun of her hit. As she handed me the joint I drew her in and took a hit myself, then kissed her deeply and we shared the hit.
"These better not be some famous last words of yours 'Everything's fine','" I mocked and tweaked her nipple as she smacked my ass.
Maybe it was the weed already kicking in but I decided there really was nothing we could do about it at this point and decided to embrace the situation. After we grabbed a quick breakfast we decided to go down to the water and swim around a bit. I had to admit being out in nature without a stitch of clothing was starting to feel very freeing. We wandered down to the same little cove as the day before and waded into the water. Even though we didn't have any soap or shampoo we took turns "washing" each other's bodies. My 5'5" frame is only slightly smaller than Lynn's 5'8", but other than that our bodies are very similar. My breasts are slightly smaller than Lynn's but at a 36B I don't hear any complaints in that department either. Both of our tits are quite perky and we don't really need bras and find any excuse to not wear them we can (obviously not an issue this weekend). My nipples are slightly puffier than Lynn's dime sized little nips, but once they are erect, they firm up to roughly quarter sized. In the nether region, I generally keep my bush neatly trimmed while Lynn has started taking to shaving her beaver completely bald. After we took turns rubbing each other's bodies from head to toe we decided to lay out on the large, flat rocks and try to work on our tans. I laid flat on my back tits pointing straight to the sun while Lynn decided she wants to get her ass more tan. We laid side by side and after only a couple of moments Lynn reached out and grabbed a tuft of my lady fur and gave a swift yank.
"Ow, fuck Lynn! What was that for," I yelped.
"Shit, sorry. I didn't mean to yank it so hard. I was just pointing out that you've let your bush grow a little wild don't you think," she teased.
"Well, what should I just scorch the Earth like you," I said and reach over and slapped Lynn's bare mound as hard as I could.
We both propped ourselves up on our elbows and Lynn flipped over so we could compare. Lynn must have seen me straining my neck to get a better glimpse because she spread her legs wide open and reached down running her hand over her smooth slit.
"You should really try it, it feels wonderful. Check it out," she boasted and before I could react she grabbed my hand and placed it right on her bald mound.
"Do you not remember last night...or any of the MANY times I've stroked your sweet, bald honeypot," I posited, not moving my hand from its perch; meanwhile moving my own hand down to my bush. "I do see what you mean though, perhaps I could use a trim. But what are we going to do about that here? We don't have any way of trimming me up down there," I said.
Before the words had escaped my lips, I saw Lynn's devious plan emerging before my eyes.
"No! Whatever it is you're scheming I want no part of it," I proclaim, throwing my arms up and laying back shutting my eyes.
I hear Lynn get up and storm off in a pouty fit. I know that this is a lose/lose for me: If I chase her down she will guilt trip me into going along with whatever plan she has come up with, and if I stay put she will get mad and convince me anyway but will throw an extra little humiliation in the mix for me too. Since we are up in the mountain by ourselves I thinkwhat's the worst she can doand decide to put her to the test. After about five more minutes I roll over, in order to allow my tight little bum to get some sun. The next thing I remember is being hit on the back with a loud splash and then feeling a freezing cold shiver up my whole back. I jump up and turn to see Lynn giggling and pointing to the perfect outline of my body on the rock from where I shielded it from the water Lynn splashed me with. I started running towards her and she pivots and starts back towards the cabin. Had anyone been around they would have been treated to a glimpse of two buxom college girls sprinting naked in the woods; breasts bouncing to and fro, one sopping wet from head to toe.
Just as we reached the front door to the cabin Lynn slowed her pace and turned around to face me.
"Truce", she manages to get out between gasps of breath.
I admit, seeing her chest heaving for breath was a nice sight in her sports bra, but this sight was much better.
"I have a surprise for you, you have to close your eyes while I get it ready though".
"Close my eyes and trust the girl who just drenched me head to toe after burning the only clothes we had for the whole weekend," I mock then play along, sticking to mywhat's the worst she could domindset and shut my eyes.
"Wow, you're too easy," Lynn laughed. "I didn't expect you to submit so easily."
"I know the game at this point, let's just get this over with," I half tease.
I hear the door open and faintly make out Lynn screaming to not peak as I perk up my ears to try and get a clue of what she was up to. Suddenly there are footsteps approaching and some deep recess of my mind fears that Lynn has found the only person on the mountain and brought them here to look at my naked body. I must have been hanging out with her too much because the thought would mortify me just months ago and now I can feel a strange flutter in my heart.
"Okay, you can open them," Lynn announces.
Standing before me was Lynn, fashioned in one of the garbage bags we brought with us, cut strategically and tucked just right to cover her body. I hate to admit it really didn't look horrible on her, and with actual fabric it would be a very cute dress. There was a large portion missing from the center of her dress on both the front and back allowing for her midsection and just a hint of under-boob to be visible through the "window" in front and the top of her butt crack and her cute "back dimples" in the back. As she twirled in front of me to show off her new threads I let out a quick giggle until I saw the other bag hanging over a chair in the living room.
Lynn grabbed my arm and dragged me inside the house, "Come on sweetie, your turn. I already made some adjustments."
As she stepped her "dress" rode up and her ass cheeks were peeking out the bottom, but she was on a mission. She rose my arms and pulled the bag over my head until my head poked through the big hole in the top of garment. The hole was much bigger than it needed to be and my dress just happened to have a plunging neckline and was backless. All told there was very little left of the bag. My arm holes were also gaping and the bag was loose, so as I moved my breasts were free to swing and bounce with the thin plastic.
"Perfect," was all Lynn could say as she stepped back to admire me in my state of undress.
"Perfect?! Look at this", I said as I jumped lightly in the air and my boobs bounced clear out of the sides of the dress and it bunched up along my waist showing a clear view of my pussy and butt.
I reached down to fix the garment and cover myself again.
"Well then, I guess you better not do that while we're in town," she giggled as she reached out and gave my breast a quick nudge to see them sway under the bag.
"You must be out of your mind," I say following her as she strides out the front door.
As she strutted down the road I couldn't help but admire Lynn's body from behind. Her 5'8" frame was definitely more on display as the bag stood no chance of covering her long torso. Even the slightest raising of her arms caused her butt crack and smooth pussy to become visible. I had no idea where she was leading me as we had come in on the trail leading in the other direction.
"Where exactly do you think you're taking us? Isn't the closest store that truck stop back on the main road about 15 miles?"
"You'll see, don't worry," is the only response I get.
As mad as I was I couldn't help but feel a little curious to what was going to happen. We were only on the trail for about twenty minutes before there was a clearing and the path was crossed with what looked like a dirt road. Lynn looked both ways and started off to the right. Not seeing myself as having any other option I followed suit. We continued on that road for about another five minutes before I heard a terrifying sound behind me. I turned to see my worst nightmare come true. Down the road behind us was a truck with big fog lights on its roof and bright headlights. Lynn stepped out into the road and held out her thumb.
"Lynn are you fucking nuts," I pleaded. "I am not hitchhiking, let alone in this flimsy trash bag for my only form of dress."
"Well, suit yourself, but the cabin is a half hour back that way and the town is another 10 miles down that way," Lynn said pointing in each direction. "Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you, we just need to get a quick ride to town and back," she said as she gave up on the thumb and was now waving her arms above her head to flag down the truck.
I felt like protesting more, but with Lynn, I knew it was no use. Besides, I was getting a great look of her lips peeking out just beneath the bottom of her bag. The truck flashed its lights letting her know they had seen her and she got back on the side of the road by me as it approached.
"Just let me do all the talking," she said as she grabbed my hand.
The truck rolled to a stop and the window rolled down. Neither of us could see up into the truck as it was lifted and the tires themselves came up to our belly buttons. Slowly the truck door opened and out popped the head of a middle-aged man with a long, scraggly beard.
"Evnin' ladies," said the voice.
"Oh my gosh, thanks so much for stoppin' mister," Lynn squealed in a phony southern accent. "My friend and I are lookin' to get to town. Our friend was supposed to drive us, but don't you know he just left us hangin'", she continued, but the man was staring directly down at my cleavage and I'm sure from his vantage point he could see all the way down my loose-fitting garment.
"Uh huh, that sounds good. Well ya'll can hop in, I'm on my way down to Cooter's," said the man.
He opened his door, jumped down and ran around to help us in. As he rounded the front of the truck we got our first glance at our white knight. He was barely taller than me and came up about an inch or two short compared to Lynn. His beer gut hung over his pants that were baggy and had it not been for his suspenders would probably be around his ankles. His grey t-shirt was quite the collection of stains: sweat, food, oil, the whole gamut as well as sporting several holes. He wiped his forehead of the beading of sweat that had formed and wiped his hands on his pants before extending his hand for a handshake.
"Name's Poke," he bellowed. "Ain't ya'll fancy with them shiny dresses," he said without an ounce of sarcasm.
He was either doing a very poor job or wasn't even attempting to the fact that he was staring at our bodies like they were pieces of meat at the market.
"Let me help ya'll up in 'ere," he muttered, opening the passenger side door wide.
Lynn's hand was on my back and she pushed me forward.
"Again, Poke we can't thank you enough for bein' so kind and stoppin' to pick up some strange hitchers like us. I'm Lynn and this here's my friend Jade," Lynn said giving me another nudge forward.
Poke took my hand and lifted it up to the handle on the side of the truck to assist getting me in the truck. As he raised my hand my boob slipped out the side of my garbage bag dress and hung right in front of his face at eye level. As I looked down to make sure my footing was right on the step up I caught Poke licking his lips and thought he was actually going to lick my soft nipple. Seeing the poor man oggle us actually made me kind of sad and I figuredwhat would be the harm in giving this old pervert a little show.
"Oh my gosh Poke, I can't get my foot up into the truck, can you give me a hand", I plead over my shoulder swiveling my torso, swaying my boobs right in front of Poke's face.
I even lean forward just a bit and gently swipe my tit along his forehead. He was caught in my booby trance and I decided to really let him have a show. Swinging my hips toward him in an exaggerated motion I faked like I was trying to get leverage into the truck and swung my tits against his head and slapped him in the face with my fun-bags, forcing him to motorboat me. Poke finally broke out of his trance and reached up with his hand.
"Oh, sorry about that sweetie, here lemme help you up dere," he grabbed a handful of my bootie and gave a squeeze as he pushed up, lifting me into the truck.
His rough hand felt like sandpaper on my bare ass cheek and I could feel his thick, sausage like fingers rub their clammy sweat on my butt. I looked down to Poke and saw that he had a smile from ear to ear as he again made no attempt to hide his gaze and could almost feel him undressing what little cover I had on with his eyes. Looking a little further down, I could see a slight bulge in his pants and knew this would be a night he would remember for a long time. I looked down and saw that my dress was bunched up around my tummy and my tits were hanging right out in the open for Poke and Lynn's viewing pleasure. I tried to contain my amusement as when I looked back down both Lynn's and Poke's mouths were agape. I loved the attention and didn't want to lose the spotlight quite yet.
"Oh gosh, look at that my dress is a little out of place," I said tracing the sides of my body indicating to my audience where the dress should be covering. "I bet from down there ya'll have quite the view," I tease opening my legs ever so slightly as I pretend to fix the top of my dress. "Just look at these straps, they're out of place, letting my little boobs spill out the sides," I say, slowly dragging the plastic across my nipples making sure to tease them so they'll point out erect under the thin material.
Once my globes are back under their cover I make a gesture of groping them to make sure they are fully contained.
"Now you just stay put girls," I playfully scold my bosom and shift my weight to one side, lifting my butt so I know Poke and Lynn have a clear view of the back of my ass and hairy bush.
"Oh my gosh, how embarrassing. It looks like my dress has ridden up too," I say drawing even more attention to the area. "I bet you guys can see right up under my dress from down there," I stress and bounce up tugging at the bottom of my dress making sure it covers as much as it can and pretend not to notice that the move just released my tits up top again. "There, all covered up," I say reaching up to fix my hair.
I lean out and look down to Poke who has stuffed a hand into his pocket and seems to be fumbling with something. Lynn is standing shoulder to shoulder with him biting her lip and I can see her nipples standing at full attention so I know she too enjoyed her show.
"Well what are you waiting for girl, get your skinny little butt up here," I say holding out a hand to help Lynn up into the truck.
Lynn reluctantly reaches her hand up to mine and I grab it with both hands looking down with a wink. A look of sheer panic comes over Lynn's face but it is too late for her to remember that even the slightest lifting of her arms reveals all she has to offer below her waist. I make no effort to lift her into the truck but groan as if I'm pulling with all my might. Lynn looks up at me pleading with her eyes, but I just can't help myself.
"Poke, how about a little boost," I call over Lynn's shoulder.
Poke must have felt the message I really meant to say which wasgo ahead, buddy. She won't mind. I see Lynn's face go from anxious to shocked and afraid and then unexpectedly landing on pleasure. At first she was pulling on my arms trying to bring herself into the truck, but something changed and her arms went soft in my hands and I swear I heard a soft moan escape her lips as Lynn was lifted into the truck and her face rushed forward and landed between my boobs. Looking behind her, I could still see Poke's hands on Lynn's ass and from his hand positioning I could assume what he had done. As Lynn sat up and repositioned herself Poke started walking around the truck to his side and Lynn's face told me all I needed to know.
Poke opened his door, jumped up into the cab and slammed his door behind him. Once he was seated I caught what looked to be a huge bulge in poor Poke's pants and couldn't help but feel at least a little responsible for what was sure to be a long night for his wife. As Poke drove down the road he made sure to hit every pothole on the road just to make sure to see our young, perky tits bounce as much as he could while he had us in his truck. We finally pulled into Cooter's and there were six trucks parked in the lot and loud music coming from inside.
"Hang on a second ladies, getting out of this can be a bit tough too if you're not used to it," Poke rushed, sensing that his time with us was drawing to an end and he wanted to squeeze every last drop out of it he could.
As he got to the door Lynn gave me a quick glance and a knowing look. When the door popped open Poke was greeted with a bare beaver shot and full moon as Lynn had gotten up on all fours and was poking all of her assets right at Poke. I could practically hear his jaw hit the floor and Lynn started to crawl backwards giving me a look sayingyour move, honey. She slowly extended a leg out opening her legs wide for Poke to take in the breathtaking view. As she lowered her body I could see her dress sticking on the seat fabric and knew that Poke was just getting a better and better view the further she lowered herself down the side of the truck.
"Oh gosh Poke, I can't find the step with my foot, do you think you can help me out," Lynn finally solicited.
"Yur doin' great, just a little further. Here, lemme help you out," he stammered and again I got a pretty good idea what help meant based on Lynn's facial response.
I caught a glimpse of Poke's hand in the side mirror. It was reached out, thumb forward, fingers outstretched making a cradle and saw Lynn's body lower herself slowly into the cradle. From what I could see in the mirror and Lynn's face it appeared that Poke's thumb had found Lynn's lips if not her clitoris and I'm guessing at least one of his fingers was resting in her butt crack teasing her on both ends. Seeing that Lynn certainly didn't seem to mind the feeling as she leaned her head forward and seemed to stop lowering herself I decided to help my friend out.
"Uh oh Poke hold on a second. It looks like Lynn's dress is caught on something, can you hold her there while I get it unstuck," I ask as I see Lynn's face turn a bright red.
"Uhh, sure...no problem. Take yur time," came the too excited response from the ground.
Lynn's face was still beet red and she locked eyes with me and mouthedplease don't make me cum on this man's hand. I'll do anything.
"Okay, got it Poke. you're such a dear, you can drop her now," I say over Lynn's shoulder then mouth backA-N-Y-T-H-I-N-Gto her as she dropped out of sight.
I'm not sure if I was more afraid of what Poke was going to try or of Lynn trying to exact revenge for my cruel prank so I decide to not let either have the upper hand.
"Okay, here I come. Ready Poke," I ask from inside the truck.
"Sure, jus lower yaself down like yur friend and we'll get you ladies on yur way," he calls back.
Here goes nothingI say to myself to pump myself up.
"Okay here I come," I say as I lower my feet down to Poke's shoulders and slide my butt to the edge of the truck.
Sliding my feet to either side of his barrel chest I push my body out and put all my weight on Poke. He instinctively reached around the back of my legs and grab hold of my calves. As I slid down the front of him I made sure the garbage bag slid up and didn't snag on anything. Poke showed surprising upper body strength and slowed my descent once he was holding my thighs, putting my full bush on his forehead. For what seemed like a minute My pussy was dragged down the face of this much older gentleman and as my clit slid over his nose I could feel my lips spreading and I'm sure he could feel my wet pussy juice slide down the bridge of his crooked nose. I couldn't believe it, but the sensation was phenomenal and I felt a familiar stirring in my loins. I put my hands on Poke's shoulders and gently pulled my body along its path to the ground. Unfortunately, I was at the mercy of the much stronger man holding me and he had other plans. As my pussy was sliding over his mouth he actually reached his tongue out and licked the entirety of my tight little slit. Knowing he had crossed a line he then let me drop the rest of the way to the ground but not before his face was treated to one last present from me as my nipples danced over his eyelids on their way past his face.
Once both of us were safe on the ground we both made sure our garbage dresses were covering as much as they were going to. Satisfied, we turned to Poke who was already closing up his truck and walking to Cooter's front door rubbing the back of his neck and shaking his head. As he entered the bar we turned and walked towards the building two doors down with a big sign letting us know its name a purposeGeneral Storeit said and there was not a single car in its lot. We hurried along as the temperature had dropped considerably and with the breeze it felt even cooler.
There was a bell attached to the door as we walked in and the boy behind the counter couldn't even be bothered to even look up from his book as we entered and tripped their new customer alarm. He just made a half-hearted wave, muttered something under his breath and continued reading. From the look of it he was about our age 19 or 20 and a little dweeby. We sauntered through the aisles of outdated products they offered looking for anything we might want to pick up. Lynn asked if I would go pick up some wine while she picked up some things. I thought she might be up to something, but some wine did sound nice, so I made my way to the back where there was a sign advertising their "refreshmints". I'm not sure why but I was surprised to find there was not a drop of wine in a store that couldn't even get the sign for refreshments spelled correctly. I then figured out why Lynn had requested I get the wine: all the beverages were in a walk-in cooler. I took several deep breaths, brushed past the plastic sheets hanging down serving as a door to the cooler, grabbed the first case I could find, and ran out of the cooler to find Lynn.
I turned the corner and saw Lynn crouched down looking at some items on the shelf in front of her. I knew she was up to something as she kept looking over shoulders to see if anyone was watching. Before she spotted me, I jumped back behind the corner to see if I could tell what she was up to. I watched as she grabbed something off the shelf, reached up under her bag, then stood up slowly. I figured she was up to no good and wanted to know what I was in for. I got closer and saw that she was crouched in front of the shaving supplies and had a decent idea what that meant.
"All they had was this crappy light beer," I said as I turned the corner.
Lynn's body tensed as I approached and I knew she wanted to keep her shoplifting a secret, so I didn't let on that I had caught her. I had to struggle not to giggle as she inched over in front of the razors to conceal her plans for me.
"Well that sucks, but it will still do the job. I was hoping they'd have tanning oil, but all I could find was this baby oil," she said holding out a large bottle of baby oil. There were several other items in her hands and from them I picked out a bottle of Hershey chocolate syrup.
"Well that should be fine. And what is this for?"
"They didn't have chocolate bars, but I figured we could make some low brow smores around the fire later," she said with a knowing grin.
As she was finishing her sentence two realizations popped into my head.
"Oh crap, I just thought of something. How are we going to pay for this, and second how the hell are we going to get back to the cabin?"
We both dropped our heads in shame that we hadn't yet thought of the fact that we had no money.
"I guess we could try to go flirt with Poke some more and get him to take us, but he seemed like he was ready to start drinking hard, and I'm not sure I want him knowing where we're staying," Lynn said with a slight look of disgust.
"I think I might have an idea," I said looking at the boy behind the counter and giving Lynn a nudge on the shoulder in his direction.
He still hadn't looked up from his book. He was a tall, lanky boy and his long, greasy hair was pulled back into a ponytail. His arms were not much larger at his wrist than at his bicep and he looked like he had a minor acne problem with several splotches on his forehead and cheeks. Obviously this guy had not won prom king, and I was willing to bet that if we played our cards just right we could get just about anything we wanted from him.
"Follow my lead," I said and started walking up to the counter.
As I approached the boy made a shift towards me, but still could not be bothered to look up from his book. I set the beer and syrup down on the counter with a loud thud but it wasn't until I said something that the boy finally came back to our universe.
"Hi there," I start in my best damsel in distress voice, poking my tits out at him as best I can without being too obvious.
As soon as he heard my voice he shut his book and set it down on the counter. As his head turned, his gaze scanned quickly between the both of us and got wide as he noticed our garments. He was trying his best to maintain eye contact but I could tell he was aching to stare at my tits and even caught him licking his lips.
"H-hello there," he finally stammered.
"How are you doing tonight-," I squinted and leaned over, grabbing his name tag and rubbing my hand on his chest, "Sam?"
I could feel my breasts fall away from my body and knew that from his slightly raised platform he had a clear view down into my cleavage. I glanced quickly and saw his eyes were locked on my rack and decided to let him have a little fun. I pivoted and grabbed the remaining items from Lynn, dropping them on the counter as well.
"Uhh, I'm doing good. You- um, how are you," he struggled through?
"Well Sammie, we're doing alright, but we could really use your help."
The boy swallowed hard and it looked like his hands were trembling as he started to grab the items and ring them up.
"See, we were out on a walk and decided we really wanted to have some fun tonight and make some smores and drink around the campfire tonight. Then we realized we forgot to bring our purses on our walk," I said, again putting on my damsel in distress voice and making animated hand gestures causing my unsupported breasts to bounce and sway slightly under the thin plastic sheet over them.
"That's what you wore to go for a walk in the woods," Sam blurted out and then blushed immediately. "I mean, that sounds like fun. I love smores."
I took a lock of my hair and twirled it as I rocked from the balls of my feet to my heels.
"You're so funny. When we left our cabin, we didn't really know we would be going on such a long walk. We were actually just talking about how late it was getting and how we didn't want to hike all the way back up there," I said reaching out and grabbing Lynn's shoulder, rubbing it and lingering around the base of her neck.
Sam had stopped ringing up the items and his mouth was now slightly agape. He was blatantly staring at us and I knew he was putty in my hands. I took my hand back from Lynn's neck and put my hands on my hips, driving them forward and making an animated gesture of stretching my back, which in turn of course caused my boobs to stick out even further in front of me.
"We have cash back at our cabin to pay for all this, is there any way you could help us out and let us bring it back tomorrow," I start and then fake like I've had an epiphany. "Or wait, I've got a great idea! Maybe you could drive us up to the cabin and we could pay you then," I said, bouncing with excitement.
Sam let out an awkward grunt and his eyes looked as though they might pop out of his head. I bounced up and down and held my hands in a prayer pose.
"Oh come on Sammy, pretty please give us a ride."
Lynn even got in on the bit and followed suit.
"Yeah, please Sam. You could even stay for a smore," she added, "We'd owe you big time."
He had a nervous look on his face, and he looked to the front door.
"There really hasn't been anyone in tonight...I guess I could put a note on the door and lock up. My Dad would kill me if he ever found out."
"Oh my gosh, thank you so much! He won't ever find out. Our cabin is just up the road and we can have you back here in a flash," I said jumping up and I could see Sam's eyes following my tits as they bounced.
We helped Sam bag up the things and when he got around the counter I could see what seemed to be a slight bulge in his pants already. He scribbled down a note sayingbe back in 15and taped it to the front door. As he was locking up the door, Lynn grabbed the bags from me and slyly reached under her dress to empty her hidden treasures into the bag as well. We all turned and made our way to the only car on the side of the lot closest to the store. It was a two door camaro with the T-tops removed. I knew Lynn had a soft spot in her heart for fast cars and I could tell from looking at her that she could not wait to get in.
"Oh my God Sam, you got a Camaro," Lynn squealed running up to it and sprawling out on the hood.
Lynn's tight butt bounced as she ran and peeked out from under her dress, but as she climbed up onto the hood not only was her full ass hanging out, but we were both treated to a clear view of her shaved lips.
"Do I look like the chick in that music video," she yelled back to us rubbing her hands up and down her whole body and swinging her hair around like she was in a shampoo commercial?
"Oh calm down girl, it's just a car," I yelled out to her. "You'll have to excuse my friend Sam, she gets a little excited by muscle cars and forgets to behave sometimes."
Sam cleared his throat and tried to regain his composure, "Oh that's fine. She seems to be having a good time," was all he could get out.
"Lynn are you forgetting what you're wearing, or rather what you're not wearing," I said to Lynn as we got closer, but made sure it was loud enough so Sam could hear. "Your boobies are almost hanging out and your butt and pussy were in clear view while you did your little car model routine."
Sam was trying to make it seem like he was straightening up the back seat, but I could tell by his red face that he heard every word.
"Oh don't you play sweet and innocent with me. 'Oh shucks mister could you please give us a ride'," she teased, twirling her hair in her hand and pushing her boobs out as far as she could. "I saw you in there flirting with this poor boy, with your cute little rock-hard nipples almost smacking him in the face," Lynn continued, reaching out and pinching my nipples. "Did you see that bulge in his pants, you're really doing a job on him. I bet he's got a huge di-"
Sam fumbled in the car letting us know we had a very attentive audience for our conversation.
"Uhh, okay, I think we're all set here. Sorry it took so long, I don't usually have people in my back seat," Sam said trying to hide his beet red face and now very large bulge in his pants.
Lynn opened the door wide and made a spectacle of locking her knees and bending at the waist to get into the back seat. Sam's jaw was on the floor as he watched her shimmy and shake her ass in the air while putting the beer and bags into the seat next to her. I gave her a sharp smack on her bare butt and nudged her into the car.
"Come on Lynn, we haven't got all night. Sam needs to get back and re-open the store. Are you trying to get him into trouble?"
Lynn let out a little yelp as she fell into the car and stayed sprawled over the entire rear seats, legs hanging out of the car.
"Oh great Jade, thanks a lot! My legs are caught and my dress is riding up my legs. I bet from your perspectives you can see right up my short dress," she said wiggling her hips. "Sam, do you mind helping me out here?"
Sam stood there, not moving a muscle, eyes laser focused on Lynn's fully exposed bald beaver for three solid seconds before he was able to comprehend what was happening.
"M-me. I mean, yeah no problem."
As he bent down tohelp, Lynn lifted one of her legs about six inches off the ground, opening her thighs enough to give a glorious, wide open view of her shaved mound.
"Thank you, Sam. What a gentleman," Lynn said as she shifted her wait in the seat.
Sam grabbed her ankle and lifted it higher in the air never taking his eyes from the promised land between Lynn's thighs. Lynn pulled her leg in sharply and the sudden movement caught Sam off guard. He stumbled forward and reached a hand out to brace himself. He froze, one hand still grasping Lynn's ankle, which now was over his shoulder, the other on the back of the front seat, pinning Lynn's other leg down.
"You like the view down there Sam," Lynn teased.
Sam stole one last glance at the soft pussy that loomed just inches away from his face before bouncing back to his feet.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry! When you broug-" he started.
"You don't need to apologize, it was a silly mistake," I said pulling Sam up by his shoulders and dusting him off.
As I started down to his knees he jerked his waist back in an awkward stance and scurried around to the driver's side door.
"Oh thanks, that's okay though," he stammered.
I waited until he was seated to get in so I could top Lynn's show and win the war for attention. I spread my legs shoulder width apart, then bending at the waist, slowly slid the seat back until it locked into place. As it did, I could feel my boobs sway heavily and knew without looking that they were on full display. I stood straight up and pivoted on my right foot, pushing my ass out towards the car. Again, locking my knees, I gently arched my back and backed my ass into the car. I could feel my dress start to ride up my thighs and figured my cheeks were on full display and from his angle Sam might even be able to catch a glimpse of my hairy little box. I braced my arm on the door and lowered myself into the car before swinging one leg into the car. Before I swung the other leg in, I paused and reached back over my shoulder as though I was searching for the seatbelt. With my legs spread so far, I could feel my dress riding up my thighs and could feel the A/C blowing up between my legs straight on my pussy. Finally, I swung back around with the seat belt and brought my other leg into the car. I could feel the A/C blowing on my nipples and between my legs, so I knew I must not have too much coverage, but was surprised with just how little of me was actually covered. The garbage bag had fallen to either side of my breasts and were actually framing them, pushing them together slightly around the seatbelt which was lost in the valley between. My legs were fully uncovered as the bag had bunched up around my hips and was pushed up further by the seat belt coming across my lap; with my legs spread slightly, not only was my full bush on display, my hairy lips were even spread and my pink pussy was peeking out as well. Sam had his hand over his lap as he put the car in gear and almost side swiped several of the cars while pulling out of the parking lot. I caught a glimpse of Lynn's face in the side view mirror and she was biting her lip watching my titties bounce around just as much Sam must have.
"Oh god, what a great night," Lynn chirped from the back.
I felt a hand on my shoulder and when I turned to look, I caught a big cleavage shot as Lynn stood up behind me through the opening in the roof. Sam's eyes were locked in the rear- view mirror watching intently as Lynn's plastic dress was blown in the wind. At first Lynn made a veiled attempt at holding her dress down by pinning it between her thighs and my headrest, but Sam hit a particularly bad pot hole and Lynn's dress popped free from its position. Lynn made no attempt of putting the dress back down and with every gust the dress would ride up her thigh and expose her freshly shaved mound. As Sam went around a curve Lynn took the opportunity to reposition and spread her legs, putting one foot on each seat giving Sam and I a clear look at her pussy in the mirror.
I glanced over to see how much of the show Sam was enjoying and his eyes were locked to the mirror and his hand was down in his lap actually rubbing his swollen member between his legs. Not wanting to go down without a fight I decided I need to make a move if I wanted to get Sam's attention on me again. I dropped my hand down to my side and grabbed the bunched plastic that held by dress together on my right side. Since Lynn had cut the fabric with the serrated knife in the kitchen it was fairly easy to tear it with a sharp tug. I slowly slid my left hand down to my side so as not to draw Sam's attention just yet. I slipped my finger inside the large arm hole of my dress and started ripping the dress with my thumb and forefinger.
Once I had the dress ripped on the bottom on both sides I knew it was time to put my plan into action. In one fluid motion I reached over, turned the radio up, stood, and swiveled to face Lynn. As I threw my hands over my head, my dress flew up over my head and off into the night. I stood there for a moment with my arms raised above my head giving Sam and Lynn a good, long look at everything I had to offer before throwing one arm over my chest and another between my legs.
"Oh shit," I shrieked! "Look what happened Lynn."
"Don't worry sweetie, we're both looking," Lynn said pointing down to Sam.
"Oh my God," I shrieked swinging my body right at Sam's face.
My hairy bush was just inches from his mouth, the only thing between them being my hand. I made a move to sit down and Lynn grabbed my shoulders.
"What are you doing Lynn, I'm standing here stark naked and there's a boy sitting right next to me. I have to at least sit down and preserve what little dignity I have left."
"You mean the boy that is driving the car? I think he's got a little more on his mind than looking at you. He probably hasn't even noticed."
We looked down at Sam and the bulge in his pants was threatening to break his zipper, but he now had his hands at 10 and 2 on the wheel and was pretending to be paying attention to the road.
"Well, I guess if it's not such a big deal then you won't mind this," I said.
Lynn put her hands down around her waist to prevent me from pulling her dress up over her head, but didn't realize how flimsy the bag was. I grabbed the dress on either shoulder and ripped in a downward motion, pulling her dress clean to the seat. She let out a squeal, but then reached up and flipped her hair in the breeze as if to sayso what, I don't mind.
Sam completely let his foot off the gas and the car felt like it was going at a walking speed. I looked down and he was no longer able to hide the fact that he was loving the show. His hand was back in his lap and his gaze was bouncing from the rear-view mirror to a side glance at me and occasionally at the road.
"Well Sammy boy I guess the only question is, who wore it better," Lynn screamed down into the car to counter the wind rushing over both our naked bodies, "Jade with her furry birthday suit or me with my scorched Earth method?"
Sam took a prolonged look up at both of the naked bodies before him and acted as though he really wanted to get the right answer.
"Here let me help you make your decision," Lynn said spreading her legs wide and reaching down between her legs to spread her lips.
Sam's mouth dropped open and had we not been the only car on the road and going down a long, straight stretch I would have been more concerned with how long he was staring up into her sweet, bare honeypot and not at the road.
Not wanting to be outdone, I decided to take things up a notch. I swayed my hips in a circular motion as I lowered my butt back down to the seat and reached my hand over to Sam's crotch.
"Oh stop it Lynn, look what you've done to the poor boy," I said stroking his hard cock through his pants, "you've gotten him all excited with your teasing and now he's going to have blue balls."
Lynn continued standing in the back seat and I could see her stroking her bare mound and rolling her nipples in the mirror. Sam had both hands back at 10 and 2, and his knuckles were turning white from how hard he was gripping the wheel.
"Don't worry Sam, I won't let her pick on you like that," I said looking into his eyes while stroking his rigid member with one hand and running my hand down my body with the other. "She does bring up a good point though: which do you prefer?"
I slid back in my seat, rubbing my hand through my hairy patch with one hand and withdrawing the other from Sam's crotch to reach over my head and stroke Lynn's smooth beaver.
"I kind of like a little bit of something to grab on to, don't you?"
"I'm not going to lie, right now I'll say whatever you want if you keep doing what you were just now," Sam said with a heavy sigh.
"Smart man," I said reaching my hand back down between his legs. "I want to hear you say it though. You like my little hairy clam?"
Sam's eyes fluttered closed as I cupped his balls and squeezed lightly.
"Mmm, yes. I think it's very sexy."
"You don't play fair!"
"Quiet, back seat driver," I said holding up my hand, silencing Lynn, "Sam, you were saying which you preferred."
"Yours! Yours is so fucking hot. God, I want you so bad."
"I knew it! I told you Lynn, I win!"
"That seems like a very unbiased decision there, Jade," Lynn pouted from the back seat, still standing and on full display.
"Oh, don't be jealous sweetie. But since I won, I'll be taking my prize now."
I got up on my knees on the seat and reached over, unbuttoning Sam's pants. He slid his seat back as I slid his zipper down and reached into his pants with my hand. Sam's head pressed against the headrest as I brought his dick out of its khaki cave.
"Wow, what a beautiful prize," I said stroking his hard cock all the way up his shaft.
It wasn't the longest I had seen at about 5 inches, but what it lacked in length it more than made up for in girth. It was roughly the circumference of a can of beer and I had my doubts about fitting it in my mouth. The head itself stood out proudly like a mushroom top on a stout stem. I brought my head up above it and let a mouthful of spit drip down onto the tip of the head. Leaning back, I let the spit drip down over the edge of his head and down his shaft before grabbing the base of his shaft and slowly working my hand up to his head before rolling my fingers at the base of his head where it met the shaft. I could tell from Sam's breathing that if I kept doing that he would not last long and I decided I was not quite done with him yet. I once again brought my head above his cock, but this time I slowly darted my tongue out over the tip of his cock licking all around the head and gave it a nice long, wet kiss. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and slowly opened my mouth letting it slowly enter my mouth. As I suspected, the head was barely in before I could feel the sides of my mouth stretching. I brought my hand up to meet my mouth and started moving in tandem taking as much as I could of Sam into my mouth while pumping his shaft with my hand. My other hand had dropped down and was gently massaging his balls and Sam started gently matching my rhythm with his hips, driving his cock deeper into my mouth.
I was so focused on my task that I had completely forgotten about Lynn in the backseat, so when I felt a hand gently caressing my ass I figured it was Sam reaching over my back. It wasn't until I felt Sam's hand on my head that it occurred to me that with one hand on my head and presumably one on the wheel still it must have been Lynn. She caressed my cheek and slowly worked her way to my sensitive butt crack. She slid a finger the length of my crack and made her way around to my wet slit. As soon as she rubbed over my lips I moaned loudly onto Sam's cock and he started bucking more wildly forcing his swollen member deep into my mouth and I could feel his balls start to pulsate. I knew Sam was getting close and started to buck my hips back onto Lynn's fingers that were now rubbing over my clit and between my lips opening my pussy.
"ugh, I'm going to—mmm, I'm goi-"
As he was trying to warn me, I could feel his ass lift off the seat and his hand held my head where it was. He started fucking my mouth with his hips, driving his thick cock to the back of my throat and I started to gag. Lynn had inserted a finger into my pussy and was rubbing my tight butthole with her thumb, which she knew drove me wild. I knew Sam was about to cum and was bucking my hips with all my might to try and reach my own climax, but just as I was nearing my edge, I felt Sam's balls tighten and he groaned loudly. My eyes were welling up with tears as I felt his thick ropes of cum explode out of his cock and straight down my throat. I swallowed greedily and as his body fell back into the seat I went back to work, stroking his cock with vigor, milking his cock for every ounce of his sweet load.
His body was twitching as he started to come down from his orgasm and it wasn't until then that I had noticed we were stopped. Still stroking his softening cock, I rose my head up above the dashboard and saw we were outside the cabin.
"Oh wow, I didn't even notice we had stopped," I giggled using Sam's dick as a microphone.
"Yeah, you were kind of on a roll and I didn't want you to stop," Sam said stroking my head in his lap.
"Mmm, never. Thanks for the gift," I said giving his head one last kiss before sitting up and straightening my hair.
"Well, now that you two are done, can we please go start a fire, it's chilly out here for a naked girl with no cock to suck," Lynn chirped from the backseat.
Sam blushed, then shot up in his seat.
"Oh shit, it's almost ten! I have to get back to the store before Cooter's closes," Sam stammered stuffing his dick back in his pants and buttoning his pants. "Oh, Poke's going to kill me for this one."
"You know Poke," we both exclaimed!
"Youknow Poke," his response? "He's my drunk Step dad, he owns the store. Sorry to do this but I have to get back to the store."
We grabbed our beer and bags from the back seat and as I leaned over to give Sam a kiss goodbye he waved at us and as he sped away we heard, "Thanks for a great time."
Lynn draped her arm around me and we watched as he drove down the road, out of sight. We both looked at each other with a grin and then both of us burst out laughing.
"I don't know which is going to be funnier," Lynn started, "the conversation of Poke telling Sam about the two hitchhikers he picked up or Sam telling him about the beer and groceries he gave to some girls who he gave a ride to and got his dick sucked by."
"And just wait until they find out about the razor you stole too," I said, pinching Lynn's nipple and running into the cabin.