Author's Note:This is an attempt at a longer-format story. It could have been posted in many categories and it takes a while to warm up. If you're looking for quick-and-dirty, you'd best look elsewhere. As always, constructive criticism is welcomed.
* * * * *
"Why are those men all looking at me?" Amber wondered as she emerged from the surf. She was feeling a little vulnerable anyway because this was the first time she'd ever been out in public in her new bikini, and this one was really small. Despite her mom's protests, she had bought it with the "summer fun" money Grandma had given her after graduation with instructions that she should buy something frivolous and fun, not save it for college or spend it on books. She loved the suit because it looked really sexy, like one she'd seen in a movie, and she wanted to be more cosmopolitan, more like the women she saw in movies and in magazines.
She felt a lot older in the suit, like the college girls she saw gathering last spring break. But with all those guys looking at her, she also began to feel a bit uncomfortable. Not that Amber was unaccustomed to being looked at and appreciated for her beauty but she never liked attention and tried to distance herself from it. Today, though, she felt more under the microscope than usual and the only real difference was her new bikini.
One of mom's complaints about the suit was that it was white and wouldn't be practical for swimming. She thought mom was just upset because it was a string bikini but as she walked up the sand toward her towel and noticed more and more boys looking at her, she glanced down. Shocked, she could see the darkness of her areola and nipples poking from the bra top and a dark smudge at the center of the bikini bottoms, where her golden brown patch of pubic hair was located. The suit had become transparent in the water! Now she knew why mom didn't like the bikini! She forced herself not to reach down and cover herself, feeling that would just call more attention to her body and wouldn't accomplish anything anyway.
She quickened her pace and reached the towel, throwing herself onto her tummy to block the view of her body. She was mortified! All of these strange guys were seeing stuff that's supposed to be private! The only reason they were looking at her was that they could see right through her new suit! She became angry -- at the leering men, at mom for being right and at herself for not realizing that mom was only looking out for her. All the excitement over the new suit and Grandma's generous gift was gone, replaced with anger, disgust and sadness. Amber fought to regain her equilibrium, forcing the memory of young men's eyes from her mind.
She lay on her stomach trying to quiet her beating heart and waiting for her suit to dry before getting up and running to her beachfront cottage. She glanced around to see if any of the guys were still watching. Could they see her butt through the suit? Of course they could! If they could see everything in the front, they could see everything in the back, too. Oh well, let 'em look! She knew she had a nice ass; her best friend Celia told her that the guys all stared at Amber's cute butt as she walked past them in the hall. If they were that interested in her when she was at school in jeans, just think how they'd react if they could see her now, almost naked in a transparent bikini.
Amber had just turned 18 but seemed much younger to those who knew her. She had a fresh innocence that bubbled up through her impish grin, underscored by her lilting voice and the soft pink t-shirts and tops she wore almost constantly. She signed her name with a pink pen topped by a large flower; few in her graduating class thought she'd survive the rigors of university life even though she was an outstanding student. They didn't know that Amber's scholastic performance didn't come easily and that she had developed strong self-control and perseverance to accomplish what she had during her high school career.
She'd had little interaction with boys in school. The few who had asked her out quickly discovered that she was not interested in sex and they never pursued a second date. The boys who interested her were the studious ones and they didn't know any more about dating and the opposite sex than she did. So here she was on the threshold of adulthood and just now realizing how physically attractive she was to the opposite gender. The knowledge didn't help her feelings of depression over her new suit and her inadvertent peep show on the beach.
A shiver ran through her, both from the breeze on her exposed wet skin and from her reaction to thinking about guys seeing her nearly naked. As embarrassed as she was to be seen in her suit, a part of her was thrilled at the attention and turned on by the reaction guys were having to her body.
It wasn't surprising to her that they'd be excited. She had been excited herself as she watched the change from little girl to young woman. Her breasts, while not overly large, were nicely shaped and were a full B-cup. Her quarter-sized areola were deep pink and were crowned by nipples that grew hard and sensitive when cold or stimulated as they were now. A U-shaped valley separated her still-maturing breasts and gave her tanned chest definition. Her waist was narrow and her tummy was hard from years of playing soccer. She wasn't all six-pack abs and she still had a tummy but it was more of a swell than a paunch. Celia told her it was sexy and Celia knew everything about sex. Or at least it seemed that way to Amber, who knew nothing. Finally, Amber assessed her hips. They were broadening into a woman's hips. Her pubic mound wasn't as prominent as it had been when she was very young and skinny but it still clearly marked the crown of her womanhood. And her cute ass was ripe and round, wiggling nicely when Amber flexed her butt muscles.
The assessment heightened her arousal and she wished she was safely back at her family's cottage. She continued to lie on her towel, aware of the pressure on her hard nipples and the warm wetness between her legs. Would it show if she stood up? She reached down and slipped her fingers under the leg of her suit. Her fingers crept between her legs and touched the warmth pooling there. She pulled her hand back and examined it, noticing a wet, clear, slippery substance between her thumb and forefinger. She'd have to do some research when she got some time alone at the cottage to learn more about the fluid.
She looked toward the beachfront and saw her mother waving from the cottage porch. She resigned herself to more stares as she arose, shook out the towel and wrapped it around herself, momentarily blocking the boys' view of her body in the damned suit. She walked to the cottage, dreading the confrontation with her mother.
"Hi, sweetie," her mom greeted her. "How was the water?" Amber was puzzled; her mom didn't seem upset or anything. Maybe she didn't realize what had happened. "It was terrible mom," she said. "You were right about this stupid bathing suit. It's cute until it gets wet. Then you can see right through it! Boys were staring at me and they could see everything!" Amber finished her confession and collapsed in tears, sobbing as she leaned against her mother for support. "Now, now dear," her mother cooed. "It's not that terrible. I'm sure it looks worse to you than it really is. Even if the boys could see right through your suit, all they could see was your beautiful body. Be thankful you have a body worth looking at. I don't want you to flaunt it, but if a boy catches a glimpse, it will be a real treat for him. Most girls would kill to have a body like yours at 18."Amber looked up at her mother with tear-stained eyes. "Really? You don't think I'm horrible because I bought the suit even after you warned me? You don't think I'm a tramp for letting those boys see my body?"
"I'm not pleased that it happened, sweetie," her mother said. "And I wish I had been more explicit when I cautioned you about the suit. It happens with all white suits -- they go transparent when wet. Even if they're fully lined you can see more through them than any other color. But now that it has happened, I just want you to be OK and to understand that you're physically very attractive. That's better than being unattractive isn't it?"
Now her mother had her smiling. A minute ago, she thought her world had come to an end. Mom had managed to make it all better and actually to put a positive spin on the experience. She still wanted to get off the beach and out of that bathing suit, but she didn't feel like her world was coming to an end. "Thanks mom for being so special. And I'm sorry I didn't listen to you. I swear I'll never do something like that again. If you say it's not right, I'll believe you!"
"That's great, darling," she said. "Now go get a warm shower and change into something that covers you up a bit more. The show's over for all these guys!" She gave Amber a squeeze and a tap on the butt as her daughter started up the steps. Amber grabbed some clothes from her bedroom and then locked herself into the bathroom. She turned on the shower, waiting for it to get warm, and untied the strings on her bikini. The top fell to the floor, baring her breasts and hard nipples to the warm bathroom air. She pushed the bottoms over her hips and let them drop to the floor, kicking them over to join the bra in the corner of the bathroom. As she passed the mirror, she took a critical look at herself. "Hmmm," she thought, "mom was right. I do have a nice body. No wonder guys want to look at me. I have nice breasts, my tummy's pretty flat, I have great legs and, like Celia says, I have a killer ass. I guess it's OK if I get looked at by guys."
She stepped into the shower, grabbing the liquid soap and a washcloth. She ran the slightly scratchy but soft cloth over her arms, spreading the soap and taking off the salt air, sunscreen and old dead skin cells. She moved to her shoulders and down to her chest. As she passed over her left breast, a jolt ran through her body when the washcloth grazed her hard nipple. Wow! She'd never felt a sensation like that before! She ran the cloth under her breast and back up in her cleavage, teasing herself before passing it over her nipple again. The jolt struck again, traveling from her chest to her tummy and leaving quivering warmth between her legs. It was scary but also very pleasant. Cautiously, she moved from her left breast to her right to see if she could make it happen from either nipple. She danced around the center of her breast like a lover testing his luck. Finally, she slipped the washcloth down the swelling breast and over the hard, dark nipple. Zap! It was there, even stronger than it had been on the other side. Maybe anticipation made the feeling more pronounced. She didn't know about any of that but she certainly knew how it made her feel. As many times as she had showered at home and in school gym classes, she'd never experienced this feeling. It must be related to the guys seeing her in her transparent bikini.
She squirted more soap onto the washcloth and continued to explore her breasts, lightly caressing each in turn with the soap-slickened terrycloth. Her nipples were dark and hard, extending half an inch from her breasts. The areolas were covered with bumps and had darkened to a plum color. Each touch was nearly painful, sending bolts through her body and heightening her anxiety. Finally too excited to continue, she let her hand drift down her belly and away from her over-sensitive breasts. "Wow!" she thought to herself, "no wonder girls get in trouble when they let guys feel them up." She didn't know if she could stop a guy if he was making her feel this good.
Her hand and the washcloth continued their trip south, over the gentle swell of her tummy and down toward her patch of pubic floss. Since she was a honey blonde, her hair wasn't as stiff and dark as Celia's brunette patch, and she thought it was sparser than Celia's, too, since she could clearly see her gradually opening cleft through the hair. When Celia and she had sleepovers, she would catch a glimpse of Celia when her friend undressed for bed. And you couldn't see anything through Celia's dark brown forest of fur. Once Celia was showing Amber how she turned herself on and Amber got to see her slit all open and moist. Celia ran her finger through it and touched a little bump at the top of her slit. It made her shiver and arch her back. She said she did that when she wanted to cum. Amber waited until Celia was asleep that night and reached down and touched herself in the spot Celia had shown her. She almost jumped off the bed. It scared Amber so much she had never done it again. But here in the shower, as her hand drifted down through her pubic hair, she recalled that night. The washcloth was rubbing against the spot that hid the little pearl. She spread her legs and arched her back, making her pubic mound more prominent and pushing that secret spot out where she could see it and touch it. She reached down and stroked it. A bright light exploded in her head and she grabbed her crotch as her body celebrated a glorious connection. She shivered despite the hot water. She wasn't sure what had happened but she knew it was great and she wanted it to happen again. Her fingers danced between her legs, exploring every surface and crevice. Her vaginal lips were swollen and sensitive to her touch as she parted them and felt the hot fluid pouring out of her. Why hadn't her mom told her about THIS? They talk about everything ... she told Amber all about her body when she first started puberty. But she didn't say anything about THIS! Amber couldn't wait to tell Celia that she found something special.
Drained and weak, Amber reluctantly climbed out of the shower and reached for the towel hanging under the window. She glanced up and noticed a boy standing on the sidewalk behind the cottage, looking into the window. The small window was well above ground level, but from the spot the boy was standing, he had a clear view through the open window to the bathroom. And, Amber realized, he could see her naked! This was even worse than on the beach! At least there she was covered by cloth, even if it was nearly transparent. She wasn't covered by anything but water droplets! And he was looking! And smiling! She grabbed the towel and clutched it to her body, covering her hard nipples and her wet pubic mound. He smiled and nodded as he turned to walk down the path, convinced his free peep show was over.
She wasn't sure why she did it, but as he started to walk away, she dropped the towel to the floor and stood away from the window a few steps. Her legs were slightly spread and her hands were on her hips. If he turned to look back, he'd see her in all her nudity. And she realized that she wanted him to see her. She wanted him to look at her body, to be excited by it, as excited as she was thinking about him seeing it. Just then, he did turn. He saw her and jerked his head back over his shoulder. He lost his balance and went sprawling to the ground, out of her sight. She began laughing loudly, bending over and clutching her bare sides as the humor of the situation became apparent. She just let a boy see her naked! And she liked it as much as he did!
She looked out the window again and he was picking himself up off the sidewalk, dusting himself off and glancing back at her window. She waved to him, standing defiantly, tall enough that he could see the tops of her bare breasts but nothing more. He quickly turned away, embarrassed at having been caught looking. She picked up her clothes and began dressing. She slipped her arms into her bra and reached back to fasten it. She adjusted the soft sheer cups over her breasts and picked up her string bikini panties, stepping into them and pulling them over her hips. She pulled a pink t-shirt over her head and donned a pair of khaki walking shorts. She twisted her still-wet hair into a ponytail and secured it with a Scrunchie. And then she went to join her mom on the cottage porch to watch the sunset.
As they sat silently watching the rose-colored ball of fire kiss the Pacific Ocean as it signaled the end of day, her mind wandered back to the boy on the sidewalk. Who was he? How old was he? Did he really see all of her naked body and could he tell she was as turned on as he must have been? What happens when guys get turned on? She took the required health education course in high school and she learned the names and shapes of sex organs but she really didn't know much about what really happens. Her girlfriends all dated through high school and they all had some sexual experience with boys, at least some touching and looking. Since her dating totaled less than a handful of one-time outings and no unwarranted touching, she had no idea what boys thought or felt. She didn't even have a close male friend she could talk with to find out.
The more she thought about her mystery watcher, the more curious she became. Does he live near here or does his family have a summer cottage like we do? If he's a visitor, will he come back here? What did he think when he saw her in the bathroom? Or did he see her in her transparent bikini and watch where she went, hoping to see more than he did on the beach? Knowing more about this guy was becoming an obsession and she couldn't even remember what he looked like! Was he blond, brunette, redhead? Tall? Short? Fat? Skinny? Try as she might, she couldn't conjure up the vaguest vision of her peeper. Lost in her reverie, she didn't realize mom had asked her a question. "Are you still bothered about this morning's events on the beach?" her mother, Jan, asked again. "I really hope you won't let that disturb you too much. We'll go out tomorrow and find you a new suit that's cute but gives you better coverage. You love the beach so much that it would be a shame for you to curtail your time on the sand because your suit attracts the wrong kind of attention."
"Thanks, mom," she responded. "I'm fine. I was more worried about how you would react than I was about guys getting a look at my body. Not that I liked the idea of guys seeing things they aren't supposed to see but when you said you were OK with it, that made it all right with me. One thing that bothered me, though, was that the thought of all those guys looking at me was kind of exciting. Is that bad? Am I wrong to feel that way?"
Mom looked at her and smiled. "No, sweetie, there's nothing wrong with being excited when men pay attention to you. It may be inappropriate attention, and today probably would fit into that category, but it still can be very exciting to know that you have power over men. I know you don't have a lot of experience with boys -- and I wish you had more of the right kind of experience before you start school in the fall -- so every bit of attention will be exciting. Just remember that some men are only out for your body and don't care about your mind or your personality. Steer clear of them. Keep focused on your school work and your personal goals. There's time enough for men after you reach your goals."
She listened to Jan and wondered if she should tell her about her Peeping Tom and her experience with the washcloth in the shower. She didn't know if Tom was his name but she decided that's what she'd call him. She decided not to tell Jan in her present state because she'd be convinced he was one of the men who is just out for sex. And Amber didn't know how she knew this but she had a strong feeling Tom was more than just a sex-starved student. She wanted to give him a chance before telling her mom about him.
They sat for a few minutes after the sun went down, basking in the afterglow of a beautiful sunset and an equally beautiful day. Mom and she were so close they didn't have to say anything to enjoy one another's company. They were content just to sit quietly with their own thoughts. Jan finally stood, straightened her slacks and said she was ready to call it a night. "I'm going to sit out for a few more minutes," Amber said. Jan walked over, kissed the top of her head and said good night. "Don't stay up too late, pumpkin," she said. "I love you." "Love you, too, mom," she replied. She didn't turn but knew her mom was gone when she heard the scraping of the door on the threshold.
Amber leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes, recalling the day's events with a mixture of dread and excitement. She really wanted to better understand her reaction to what should have been a disgusting event, and what happened after her shower. She wasn't in a hurry to go in, enjoying the warm glow of remembrance.
"Sleeping or just faking it?" The strange voice jarred her from her peaceful dream. She struggled to sit upright in her chair, trying to focus on the owner of the voice. "Do I know you?" she asked, studying the young man standing on the boardwalk in front of the cottage. "Well, not by name," he replied with a smile. "But I can tell you where your birthmark is located. And how beautiful you are without your clothes on."
She could feel the heat creeping up her neck and cheeks. This was Tom, her mystery peeper! And as she looked at him, struggling for a fitting comment, she noticed that he was cute. Really cute.
"Oh, you're the pervert from the sidewalk then?" she said with attitude. "Sorry we hadn't met before. At least then I'd have had a name to provide the police when I reported you for peeping in my window." She turned so that her shoulder and left side were facing him, signaling her displeasure.
"If it was so horrible, why did you drop your towel and flash me?" he asked. "I didn't intentionally spy on you but when I glanced over and saw you framed by the window I was spellbound. You really are beautiful." His quiet honesty was more jarring than knowing he'd seen her nude. She felt herself flush again and her nipples tightened on her chest. She felt a now-familiar warmth begin spreading between her legs. Her body's reaction to his presence was irritating and she lashed out in response.
"My towel slipped," she said angrily, "and I suspect you tell every woman you spy on that she's beautiful. Most women are attractive when they're naked. I wonder if you're as charitable toward clothed women you meet."
"If I had met you clothed the reaction would have been exactly the same," he replied. "I didn't walk down that path expecting to see a beautiful woman standing nude in her window. But it wasn't your body that held my attention, it was your smile. And that's why I know you weren't mad at me for looking, because you were smiling that beautiful smile."
His calm demeanor made her angry. And the fact that he was right about how she felt made her even angrier. "Look, Tom," she said tersely. "You may think you're God's gift to womanhood and that every woman is waiting for you to peek into her window but I wasn't. And your empty compliments aren't going to change my mind about you."
"Tom?" he questioned. "My name isn't Tom. It's Sam. Is that why you flashed me? Because you thought I was some guy named Tom? I'm sorry for the confusion and for embarrassing you. And I'm really sorry for Tom because he missed seeing one of the most beautiful women anywhere in her most beautiful state."
Now she was fuming. "There's no guy named Tom!" she shouted, losing what little control she had. "I named you that! It's short for Peeping Tom which is what you are! And I'd appreciate it if you'd stop reminding me that you saw me without any clothes! It's embarrassing!"
He smiled again. "Well I'm glad to hear there's no Tom. That means I might still have a chance for a date with the goddess I saw through the bathroom window today. I promise no hanky-panky if you'll consent to a dinner date with me on Friday. I really want to compensate you for the embarrassment I've caused you. And I do want to see you again, this time with clothes on. If you're afraid to be alone with me you can invite anyone you'd like. My treat." This guy was smooth. And his smoothness was getting to her. What does she do now? Does she accept his invitation? She really wanted to but she doesn't want him to think she's easy (of course she's already flashed him in the nude so she doesn't know why he wouldn't think she was easy). And if she goes with him she doesn't want to drag someone else along. If she took Celia her friend would just be trying to get into his pants all night. If she took her mom, she'd look like a youngster who can't handle herself. And her other friends aren't close enough for that kind of invitation. She'll just have to trust him.
Trying to regain control of her emotions and her senses, Amber walked to the burger stand on the corner and busied herself with ordering a drink and a small order of fries. She didn't look back to see if he had followed; she knew that he had. Without looking up, she said quietly "I'll go out with you. And I won't bring a chaperone although I probably would be safer having one. You can pick me up at 6. I don't have to tell you where I live but I'd prefer that you use the front door and stay away from the bathroom window this time."
His laugh caused others outside the restaurant to look at the pair in surprise. But his remarks were spoken in a voice that only she could hear. "Thank you for accepting my invitation and thank you for having enough trust in me to agree to come with me alone. I promise you won't be sorry for the decision and I will make every effort to make you forget today's unfortunate incident. May I ask your name? I'd like to sound as though we knew one another when I pick you up for our date."
She looked up and gave him a shy smile. "My name is Amber. And you'd better not mess up on Friday. You won't get another chance."
"Nice to meet you, Amber. And I won't mess up. I don't like to waste opportunities and this is easily the most wonderful opportunity of my life. I'll see you on Friday. Dress comfortably; we won't be going anywhere fancy. But come hungry."
Without waiting for a response, he set off down the boardwalk back past Amber's cottage. She watched as he disappeared into the spreading evening gloom and she pondered how she felt about the encounter. She still harbored some resentment toward him for being so cavalier about looking at her in her bathroom. But in his defense, she HAD flashed him. Why did she do that? She's not that kind of girl. Celia would have flashed him and invited him in to share her shower. She was so bold it was embarrassing. But Amber was not good with guys and that's another thing that surprised her about Sam: she could talk with him. Part of it was her anger. She was so mad at him for looking at her that she forgot about him being a guy. But another part was his self-confidence. He wasn't smart-alecky or stuck up; he just seemed to know himself and he knew what to say to her. Weird as it seemed, she found herself thinking she liked him, even though he had violated her privacy more than anyone ever had before, even her mom or Celia. Neither of them had ever stared at her after she had a shower. As she thought again about this afternoon, she started getting that tingly feeling again. Was this love? Or was it just a girl's reaction to a cute guy she likes? Is it something she can talk to mom about or should she wait to talk to Celia? Maybe she can ask Sam she thought, then she gasped at the idea. What was she thinking! How would she ever talk to him about something like that! Why would she do it?! She shocked herself by even considering something so outrageous.
She turned and walked quickly back to the cottage as if the mere activity would erase the thoughts she was having. Her stomach was churning over her crazy thoughts. Talking to a guy about how he turns her on! And on a first date, no less! She used to think the guys she dated were only interested in sex and now she's going out with a guy who's already seen her naked, told her how good she looked that way and almost dared her to go out with him without an escort! And she's thinking about asking him why he turns her on! She must be losing her mind!
The next morning she awoke, went to the bathroom and looked out the window before peeing and brushing her teeth. While she normally would do this in her t-shirt and panties, she made sure to wear a robe this morning and she kept retying it as she combed out her hair, making sure there was no one watching and that there was nothing to see. She wandered into the kitchen and found her mom reading the paper and drinking her morning coffee. She poured herself a cup and sat across from her mom. "Can we go shopping for that new suit this morning?" she asked. "I really don't want to go another day in that horrid white suit. I'll keep it for sunning at home in the backyard where no one can see me."
Jan smiled up at her. "Sure, hon. We'll go find one that's cute and keeps you covered. Any suit shows more than guys really need to see anyway so we don't want to give them any more, right? Let's just finish our breakfast and then we'll go."
The beach town wasn't blessed with a large shopping mall or big-name stores. There were a number of small boutique-type shops and mom steered them toward one that advertised swimsuit separates. Amber didn't need separates since she didn't have a too-big top or a too-big butt but her mom said that separates usually fit better and each piece was better-constructed. The salesgirl was about Amber's age and height and immediately grabbed several suits that she thought Amber would like. "Try these on and let me know what you think," she said, guiding Amber toward a dressing room. The salesgirl and Jan stood outside chatting while Amber changed into the first suit, a midnight-blue two-piece with a structured top and high-cut bottom. The suit was highlighted with gold threads woven along the seams of both pieces and up the straps, giving it a real luxury appearance. Amber wasn't overly impressed with the suit when she saw it on the hanger but as she adjusted the straps and turned to see herself she was taken by how the dark blue enhanced her tan and how the perfect fit of the suit was highlighted by the golden threads. "What would Sam think of it," Amber wondered, then immediately became angry at herself. "What do I care what that pervert would think? He'd only be happy if I pranced around nude." Then she realized that that was exactly what she'd done. She immediately regretted being angry at Sam for something she'd done without any encouragement from him. And why was she thinking about him? She'd just met him and not under the best of circumstances. Amber forced her attention back to the dressing room mirror and the blue and gold suit.
She was admiring the way the suit cradled her tight butt as the salesgirl -- her nametag said "Melanie" -- peeked into the dressing room. "Wow!" she exclaimed. "If you buy that suit, tell me where you're going to be wearing it because I won't stand a chance with the guys there when they see you!"
Amber laughed and spun around to give Melanie a good look. "Is it really that nice?" she asked, knowing the answer but wanting some confirmation. "Absolutely!" Melanie gushed. "The color, the style, the fit -- they're all just perfect for your body and your skin tone." She quickly gathered up the other suits she had selected. "No point in even trying these on," she said. "There's no way you're going to find anything that even comes close to that suit on you." Amber's mother stepped around the corner as the two girls were talking. "Honey, that suit looks amazing," she said. "I'd still like to think of you as my little girl but when I see you in that suit, looking as happy and confident as you do, I realize my little girl has grown into a beautiful young woman."
They paid for the suit and walked out of the shop after Amber and Melanie exchanged numbers and promised to get in touch. Amber was happy she'd found a suit that looked good and fit well and she really liked Melanie. She hoped they'd stay in touch so she'd have a friend at the beach.
Stopping at the burger stand on the boardwalk for a drink, Amber remembered Sam and her agreement to go to dinner with him on Friday. "Mom, I forgot to tell you that I met someone yesterday and he asked me to dinner on Friday. Is that OK?" Jan turned and looked questioningly at her daughter. "You met a boy, he asked you for a date and you neglected to mention this? Amber, I'm stunned. You've told me all about every boy you've ever dated, few though they may have been. And now you meet a boy on a day when you're mortified that every boy on the beach has seen your body through a bathing suit, he asks you out -- I assume you've already accepted -- and you mention it in passing? Who is he? How did you meet?"
"It was last night, after you went to bed," Amber said, leaving out the part about the bathroom window. "He was walking on the boardwalk and stopped to talk. We came down here for a soda and he said he had to get home but he'd like to see me again. And he asked me to dinner. His name is Sam and his parents are down for the summer." Amber was inventing information for her mother to cover the fact that she knew nothing about Sam or his parents or anything. "What have I done?" she thought. "This guy could really be some kind of sicko, preying on young girls. I don't know where he lives, I don't know his last name, I don't know anything!" As she began to panic, she realized her mother was speaking to her."... show some maturity in judgment. Accepting a date from a total stranger, even if he seems nice and pleasant, isn't the best idea," Jan was saying. "I am really concerned about this, Amber."
Amber didn't want to fight with her mom and she didn't want to really tell her why she'd agreed to go with Sam. "I understand your concern, mom, and you are right. I wouldn't have believed it myself before last night that I'd meet someone and agree to go out with him after only a few minutes of conversation. But wait 'til you meet him! He's really nice -- quiet, well-spoken. And he's super-cute!"
Jan laughed. "Well, I guess dinner's not the end of the world. Just be sure you stay in places there are other people around. No point in pressing your luck."
Amber decided later that afternoon to return to the beach in her new suit. She stayed clear of the water even though she knew the blue suit's construction, lining and color would prevent a repeat of the previous day's show. She lay on her towel, reading a novel she'd been trying to finish all summer. She was so engrossed she didn't notice a person standing near her until a shadow crossed her book page.
"You forgot to call and tell me where you were going to be," Melanie said, laughing as she spread her towel next to Amber's. "Now that I'm here I guess I'll just have to play second fiddle." The salesgirl was in a shocking pink triangle suit that barely covered the necessities. And her body was as beautiful as any Amber had ever seen -- small, firm breasts, a tight waist, slim hips with a butt that looked like two melons and legs that were as long and muscular as a runway model.
"Not much chance of you taking a backseat to anyone," Amber said. "Not in that suit. Or almost in that suit. That's the tiniest thing I've ever seen. Is it even legal?"
Melanie laughed. "I hope so but I really don't care. I love to show off my body. If I could come to the beach nude I would but I KNOW that's not legal!" She chuckled again and rolled onto her side, studying Amber.
"That suit looks even better out here than it did in the dressing room," she said. "You have an amazing body. I wish my boobs were as big and firm as yours. Are they natural? They're too small to be fake -- most girls who get boob jobs go really big -- but they're so perfect it's hard to believe they're real."
"Oh, they're real," Amber said, cupping one in her hand and giving it a jiggle. "They're not very big but I think they look good on my body. And they help my clothes look good."
"If I had a body like yours I'd never wear clothes," Melanie said, giving Amber a long, deep look. "I'd love to see it without anything covering it. Do you shave?"
Amber blushed, astounded at the girl's frankness. "I don't know what to say!" she stammered. "No girl has ever told me she wanted to see me naked and no one has ever asked about whether I shave, er, down there."
"Well, do you? And what's the big deal? We're just girls here. If I had to guess I'd say you don't because you have a pretty prominent pubic ridge. Some of it may be because of your hair so the suit would fit better if you did shave, or at least trim and thin a bit. And what guy said he wanted to see you naked? I notice you said 'no girl' had asked."
Amber was flushed again. She was into a conversation she never expected to have and she didn't know how to get out of it. And she could feel her body beginning to respond to the talk in a way she didn't think was possible. Her nipples were tightening and that damp, tingly feeling was returning to her crotch. "I appreciate your assessment," she said to Melanie, not wanting to hurt the girl's feelings or have her feel that Amber was a prude. "I haven't really given any thought to that particular area of grooming. I shave my legs and my 'pits and that's enough work for now. I do keep my bikini line smooth so nothing peeks out."
"OK, but what about the guy?" Melanie pressed. "C'mon, I want to hear about the guy who said he wanted to see you naked. Or has some guy already seen you naked? That would really bum me out -- a guy got to see you before I did. C'mon, spill to Melanie!"
Amber giggled nervously. "If you promise, promise, promise never to tell anyone -- especially not my mom -- I'll tell you," she said. Melanie's head bobbed like a hula doll in the back window of a teenage boy's car. "The reason we were in your shop buying this suit was that I had a white suit that I bought for the trip and when it got wet it turned transparent," Amber began. "That happens to all white suits," Melanie interrupted. "You mean your mother didn't tell you?"
"Yes, she did but I didn't listen," Amber said. "Now stop interrupting if you want to hear this story." Melanie fell silent as Amber continued. "So I raced back to our cottage and took off the suit. When I got out of the shower, I looked out our bathroom window and saw a guy looking at me from the sidewalk above our house. He could see me naked! And for some reason, that turned me on. So I dropped my towel and gave him a good look."
"Wow!" Melanie said. "That sounds like something I'D do! And I'm a horny slut. I wouldn't have believed it of you. You seem like a goody-goody."
Amber furrowed her brow. "Is it that bad to be modest?" she said firmly. "Just because I don't run around in three Band-Aids at the beach doesn't mean I'm a goody-goody."
Melanie laughed. "Hey, don't take offense! And you're right, this bathing suit does look like three Band-Aids. Actually there are probably four -- my butt's not as exposed as it would be in a thong suit. I think it's great that you're modest. But I also think it's great that you had the moxie to flash the guy. He probably went off his nut when he saw you."
"He fell off the sidewalk," Amber said laughing. "It made me feel good."
"Did you know him?" Melanie said. "That would really be hot if it was someone you knew. Somebody you could see again and look him in the eye to see what he thought about it."
"I didn't know him but now I do," Amber said. "In fact, I have a dinner date with him on Friday."
"You are a fast worker, girl!" Melanie praised. "Is he cute? Is he worth the effort? Can I steal him? Just kidding about that ... I would never step in on another girl's territory. That sounds so cool! You'll have to let me know what happens. Let's meet here on Saturday and you can tell me all about your hot date. Let's make it noon -- don't want to set it too early in case you have a wild late night."
Amber laughed, agreeing to the Saturday morning get-together. The two spent a few minutes just chatting before Melanie rose to leave. "Got to get to work," she said. "The boss is a real bitch about being on time." She gathered her towel and gave Amber a jaunty wave as she strolled up the beach. Her butt swayed enticingly in her pink suit and Amber noticed men's eyes following each swing of the tan flesh. "Strange," Amber thought to herself. "Just a few days ago, I would have thought she was some kind of slut but now I just think she's really self-confident. Funny what a see-through swimsuit can do for a person's perspective." She ended her musing and rose to return to the cottage.
Friday morning dawned bright and clear and Amber stumbled into the kitchen for a cup of coffee and breakfast. Her mom was reading the newspaper but looked up to greet her daughter. "Morning, pumpkin. You look like you had a rough night." Amber collapsed into a chair, grabbing the cup with both hands and inhaling the musky aroma. "I didn't sleep very well," she said. "I guess I was nervous about tonight's date."
"Well if what you said about this young man was accurate I don't think you have anything to worry about," Jan said, thinking to herself that her lovely daughter might have something about which to worry. "Just watch yourself and don't give him any ideas. Boys tend to take their cue from the girl: if she wears provocative clothes, flirts openly or teases in a sexual way they assume they can take liberties. Make sure he knows you're not that kind of girl."
Amber's insides began churning. "Well, I flashed him and let him see me naked," she thought. "Does that count as teasing in a sexual way?" But she responded to her mother appropriately. "No, mom, I'm not going to jump into his lap and start licking his face or anything. It's just a dinner date with someone I thought was very nice and polite. You'll see when you meet him."
The day seemed to drag unceasingly. Amber tried a number of things to occupy her mind but it kept slipping back to her first meeting with Sam and ahead to ponder what might happen at dinner. She was concerned about her reaction to this boy whose frankness she found irritating and exhilarating. Why did he fill her thoughts? It wasn't just that he was the first boy to see her nude. She'd long ago gotten over the shock of that event. Besides, even though he got a better look, there were lots of guys on the beach that day who saw everything he saw through that dumb white suit. No, it was something more. But thinking about it started her insides churning again and she decided she'd just let the evening happen and not think about it. She wasn't likely to see him again after tonight anyway; a guy who looked like he did and was as smooth as he was probably had dozens of girls standing in line to date him. After tonight's courtesy date he'd go back to them and finish out his summer in a whirl of eligible young women.
As the sun began slipping toward the horizon Amber went inside to begin her preparations. She went to the bathroom and began to undress. As she slipped her bra off her shoulders, she glanced up at the window. No one was standing on the sidewalk watching, but she hurriedly dropped her shorts and panties and stepped into the shower. The warm water cascaded over her body, striking her chest and shoulders before streaming between her breasts and down her hard tummy toward her pussy. She looked down at the honey-colored tangle of hair crowning her womanhood. "I wonder if Melanie is right?" she thought. "Would my suit fit better if I trimmed a bit from down there?" She cleaned her body and used her loofa to rub the dead skin cells from her arms, legs, shoulders and lower back. Her bath brush finished the job on her back and she reached for the moisturizing lotion, applying it liberally on her body and letting it soak in. Before she turned off the water, she grabbed her razor and shave cream, intending to give her legs a quick once-over. She performed the task -- cleaning up her armpits and bikini line at the same time -- then looked down once again at her pubic hair. "What the heck," she thought, "I've already broken a bunch of rules by flashing Sam. I may as well continue my decline into sluthood by trimming my girl stuff." She applied shave cream to the sides of her pubic thatch and carefully scraped until only a narrow strip of hair remained above her vulva. She put her razor away and grabbed a towel, patting herself dry. When she emerged from the shower, she took a pair of scissors and trimmed the remaining pubic hair to crew-cut length, then stepped back to assess her work in the mirror over the sink. "Not bad," she thought. "It looks neat but not too slutty. And it IS thinner than it was."
She stepped from the shower and wrapped a towel around her. After a few minutes with the hair dryer and a brush, her hair was glistening as it framed her face in loose curls. She was fortunate that her hair was easy to care for and seemed to take on whatever personality she wanted it to for every occasion.
Adjusting her towel she went into her bedroom to dress for dinner. Sam had told her to dress comfortably but she wanted to look nice and not embarrass him with her appearance. She studied her wardrobe carefully finally choosing a pair of black straight-leg linen slacks and a loose-fitting ecru silk blouse. The fabrics both floated off her body and gave her a cool, stylish appearance. She dropped her towel and moved to her dresser, searching her lingerie drawer for a t-shirt bra and matching hip-hugger panties. Donning the lingerie, she stepped into the pants and slipped on the shirt. She dabbed perfume behind each ear and at the center of her chest -- fat chance he'd ever have an opportunity to sniff THERE, she thought -- and then finished her ensemble with a pair of black low-heel pumps. As she walked into the kitchen, her mother turned to give her an appraising look. "Well, you certainly should hold his attention," she said smiling. "You look amazing. You're beautiful, sexy but sweet. You won't give him the wrong idea but he WILL have ideas." As her mother finished her praise Amber heard footsteps on the porch. "Ohmygawd, he's here!" she thought. "What do I do now?" The rap on the door brought her back to reality and she turned to greet her date. She opened the door and Sam stood smiling. His gaze took in her casual beauty and he smiled more broadly. "You are beautiful," he said. "It will be my great pleasure to escort you to dinner." Amber's mother walked up behind her daughter and looked at Sam over Amber's shoulder. "Sam, this is my mother, Jan," Amber said, stepping to the side to complete the introductions. "Mom, this is Sam, the boy I met on the boardwalk the other evening."
Jan took in the young man's obvious good looks, his clean-cut appearance and attire and his pleasant politeness. "Amber has good taste," she thought. "He's a real cutie." She turned her attention to Sam and responded to Amber's introduction. "It's nice to meet you, Sam. It was nice of you to invite Amber to dinner so soon after meeting."
"I believe a person shouldn't squander opportunities," Sam responded. "Your daughter is a beautiful, charming young woman and I really enjoyed our conversation. I wanted to continue our discussion and thought dinner would be an appropriate way to do that. Bright, beautiful women don't come along every day." His open smile took some of the syrup from his remarks and Jan thanked him for his kind words about her daughter. "You two have a pleasant dinner," she said. "Don't be too late." Her unspoken warning to Amber didn't go unnoticed. "I'll be good, mom," Amber said laughing. "And I'll be in before dawn."
The couple walked away down the boardwalk, Sam guiding Amber with a hand loosely gripping her elbow. He didn't want to seem presumptuous by taking her hand or putting his arm around her but he knew the boardwalk was difficult to navigate and he had noticed Amber's heels.
"Your mom is lovely," he said. "I see where you get your beauty. And she is really nice."
"She is pretty," Amber said. "I've always been very proud of her. Since my dad left us she has done a great job of raising me and providing everything I needed. And she even finds time and money for the special things. She's never missed a school play or a back-to-school night. She stays up late to help me with papers and nurse me through sicknesses and shattered friendships. She's my best friend and the person I most look up to." She was surprised to feel her eyes becoming moist as she told Sam how she felt about her mother.
"That's part of the beauty I see in both of you," Sam said. "You both have strong values and are fiercely loyal. I know I just met her but the way she talks about you and looks at you makes it obvious that she thinks you're really special."
Amber couldn't think of anything to say in response so the pair walked quietly down the boardwalk. "Where are we going?" she asked to break the silence. "I thought I'd take you to a place I know that serves really good food in an outdoor setting. It isn't fancy but the chef is a wizard and it's never too crowded."
As they talked he steered her off the boardwalk and down a street leading away from the beach into the residential area. She looked at the homes lining the roadway, beautiful small homes that were grander than a beach cottage but not pretentious or stuffy. She daydreamed about what it would be like to live in such a home and what the people who resided there might be like. Lost in her thoughts she didn't notice that Sam had guided her up a lane between two of the homes, toward a terrace behind an immaculately kept craftsman-style home. She looked around sharply, wondering where they were and what Sam had in mind. "Where are we?" she said alarmingly. "Where are you taking me?" She stiffened against his touch, slowing and looking for an escape route. "It's OK," he said, reaching for her arm. "This is my house. I didn't know if you'd come to dinner if you knew I was taking you to my house so I decided to surprise you. Obviously that wasn't a good idea. I'm really very sorry." As he talked he softly gripped her arm and pulled her toward him, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and turning her toward him. "I really am sorry I scared you. I didn't want to do anything to spoil this evening."
Amber tried to process all that he'd said. They were having dinner at his house? With his parents? Obviously he wasn't trying to put a big rush on her. She looked up into his eyes and saw his sadness and concern. "It's all right, Sam. I'm just a bit overwhelmed. I was daydreaming and panicked when I came back to earth and saw where we were. I told you I trusted you and I still do. And don't worry; you haven't messed up the evening." To punctuate her assurance, she stretched up and gave him a light kiss on the cheek. "Now let's go eat. I'm hungry."
They stepped around the corner to a beautifully decorated patio setting. An oblong table was centered on the flagstone terrace, surrounded by comfortable chairs and flanked by a large outdoor kitchen and a companion bar and buffet. Standing at the kitchen was a tall, willowy woman who looked like she belonged on a television cooking show. She was flawlessly dressed and groomed but wore a chef's apron and brandished a long-handled spatula. She smiled in anticipation as Amber and Sam walked onto the terrace.
"Hi, son," she said to Sam. "And you must be Amber. We've heard so many glowing things about you that we weren't even sure you could be real." Her voice was like a bell choir, lilting but harmonious and commanding. She extended her hand to grip Amber's with a soft, firm clasp. As Amber began to respond, a taller, older Sam walked to her side. "Hi, Amber. I'm Mike, Sam's father. We're so happy you could join us for dinner." Amber thanked them for their hospitality. "I am a bit overwhelmed. I was expecting a burger on the beach and instead I'm greeted at this beautiful home by charming people who have prepared dinner for me. I guess I'll have to spend more time on the boardwalk picking up guys!" Everyone laughed at her humorous response and Mike signaled Amber to a seat on a settee near the table. "Can I get you something cool to drink?" he asked. "Some iced tea or lemonade?" "Lemonade would be lovely," she said as Sam came and sat next to her. "Why didn't you warn me I was meeting your parents at your house," she whispered to him as his father walked away. "This is pretty intimidating, you know." But her smile belied her anger and he smiled in response. "I didn't think you'd come if I told you where we were going. But mom's a great cook and when I told her I had made you upset at me she suggested I bring you here for dinner so she could help patch things up."
"You didn't really tell them how we met, did you?" Amber said, alarmed at the thought that his parents might know about her bathroom peep show. "Not all of it," he said. "Just that we met on the boardwalk and you thought I was pretty forward."
Sam's parents walked over to join the couple and Mike extended a glass of lemonade to Amber. The four exchanged pleasantries and Sam's parents asked Amber about her school plans. "I'm starting at State in the fall. I haven't decided what I want to do so I'm going to be undeclared for my freshman year. I hear that the workload can be pretty tough so I doubt I'll pursue any extracurricular activities at least the first year. But I'd love to play soccer at the college level if I can handle that and the coursework, too."
Mike beamed appreciatively. "I'm a State alum," he said. "If there's anything I can do to help get you settled please feel free to ask. Several of my friends are on the faculty and are members of the administrative staff. I would be happy to introduce you so you'd have some friendly faces on campus."
Amber was astounded. "That's so nice!" she said, standing to face Mike. "I could never ask you to do that but I'll certainly take you up on your offer if it gets too overwhelming. I'm excited to start; it's a great school and I hope I can do it justice."
Sam stood silently by as Amber and his father talked. He looked at his mother and she smiled, nodding ever so slightly to acknowledge that he'd made a wonderful choice. "This one is a keeper," she mouthed so that only her son could see.
"Hi, everyone! Sorry I'm late. A couple of customers just wouldn't leave!" All four turned toward the sound of the voice and Amber staggered in surprise. Melanie the shopgirl was coming through the french doors onto the terrace!
"Hi, mom!" Melanie said as she greeted her mother with a kiss. "And, daddy, where's my drink?" she teased as she wrapped her arms around her father. She turned toward her brother and only then took in the fourth person on the patio. "Amber!" she squealed. "Are you telling me your big date is with THAT bum!" She laughed uproariously as she enfolded Amber with both arms and teetered side to side with her new friend, chuckling anew at the surprise. "Keep your eyes on him the whole night! He's a shifty one, that one!" She broke away from Amber and stepped over to give her brother a big hug. "Just teasing, bro," she said. "You'd better treat her right, though. She's one of my best customers. But now that I know you two are seeing one another I'm going to alter my selections the next time she comes in. I'm going to focus on long-sleeved, turtleneck styles for her!" She laughed as she turned again to Amber. "You must be in shock, sweetie. This family's a tough bunch to take even when people are expecting them. But I know you weren't planning on this tonight. If you want to run screaming out of here I'll keep the hounds at bay!"
Amber could hear her heart beating as she glanced from person to person around the terrace. Melanie -- funny, light-hearted Melanie -- was oblivious to any tension as she prattled on. Sam once again had an expression of deep concern, hurt and fear in his eyes. His mother was looking from Amber to Melanie with confusion and concern, wondering how her zany daughter could know this bright, quiet young girl better than Sam did. And Mike was looking around in wonder at what seemed more like a TV sitcom than a family evening.
"I guess it's up to me to try and sort all this out," Amber said after a long silence. "Sam has told you how we met. I met Melanie at the shop she works at when I went in to buy a bathing suit. We hit it off and spent the afternoon at the beach together. While we haven't known one another long, she is someone I feel I can talk to and who I can trust so we shared a lot, including the fact that I had a dinner date tonight with a guy I had just met who seemed really nice. She didn't know it was Sam, I didn't know they were related and I also didn't know we were going to be here for dinner. I'm sorry if I seem a bit overwhelmed but it's a lot to take in."
Sam stepped quickly to her side, wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her against him. "I apologize for my goofy sister," he said. "Had I known you had stumbled into that ragbag joint she runs I would have guided you to the competition. But she's largely harmless ... and her clothing is actually pretty cool."
"Sorry, Amber, I was kinda shocked myself when I saw you here. When you said you had a date with a nice guy who was also pretty good-looking that put him at least two steps away from dumb brother here, who is neither nice nor good-looking. But I guess all that's in the eye of the beholder so enjoy him if you want to," Melanie said, reaching around her brother's waist on the other side of Amber and smiling across him at her new friend. "I guess I also should have told you that the shop is mine; daddy set me up in it for the summer when a couple of my suits were featured in a local tourist magazine. He thought it would be a good chance for me to find out what it would be like to be a real designer, which is what I want to do with my life. It's still a new experience for me so I mostly just act like I'm the hired help. It seems to relax customers more."
The five began wandering toward the table as Sam's mother, Doris, moved to the kitchen area to finalize the dinner. Amber was still trying to grasp all the changes that had occurred in a very short time: meeting Sam's parents instead of having a quiet dinner alone, finding out that Melanie and Sam were brother and sister, and realizing that she had told Melanie that her brother had seen Amber naked, and that she had flashed him! Lost in her reverie, Amber stumbled and nearly fell. Sam reached out and grasped her arm, preventing her from hitting the flagstones. "Careful! These stones are really uneven. It's easy to catch a heel or lose your balance." He pulled Amber toward him protectively, wrapping his arm around her waist and closing the gap between them. She liked the warm strength of his body and the comfortable feeling of his arm around her. He guided her to a chair and seated her, moving to her right to take a chair next to her. Melanie sat on his right and their parents were seated across the table from the three young people.
Doris tried to restart a conversation, fretting over the growing cloud of tension at the table. "So, Mel, how's the store going? Do you think it's worth the trouble and expense for just a few months?" Melanie caught on to her mother's ploy and jumped right in. "Absolutely! I have generated enough income already to pay the entire summer's rent and since I don't have any employees the rest of my overhead is low. Utilities aren't much since I'm basically only open during daylight hours and my inventory expenses are low, too. I think I'll turn a reasonable profit at the end of the summer." As she finished she glanced at her father. The businessman in him was listening intently for any sign that the truth was somewhere short of Melanie's presentation. But the father in him was bursting with pride at his daughter's industriousness, innovation and creative talent. He was certain she'd do very well as a designer, though she might never be in the "A" list.
Amber also tuned in to what Doris intended. Not wanting to put a damper on the evening, she joined in. "Even though I didn't know the suits were Melanie's designs, I was taken by how perfect they were for me and for girls my age. They were up-to-date, stylish and feminine without being too exposed or flashy. I think a lot of girls who want a cool suit but don't want to be on display would love one of Melanie's designs."
Melanie smiled her thanks as her father dived into the conversation. "Well we can't get too carried away. We only have a three-month lease on the store and Mel has to start school in the fall. We'll have to see how the balance sheet looks and decide whether it can be a year-round effort or not at the end of the summer."
Sam had been very quiet. Amber wondered if he was upset at her for being so nervous or was having second thoughts about bringing her this evening. She turned to him and leaned over to whisper in his ear. "Thank you for bringing me here tonight. This is a really special treat and it's made even better by the fact that Melanie is your sister. I couldn't have asked for a nicer first date." She nipped at his earlobe to punctuate her comment, then straightened to pay attention to her meal.
Sam was musing about how he had screwed up his chances with Amber when she leaned toward him to say something, her warm breast pressing against his arm. Before he could turn, she was whispering in his ear. When she was done, she grabbed his lobe with her lips and gave it a tug, then straightened as though nothing had happened. Sam knew from the growing bulge in his pants that something had, indeed, happened and it was something that told him tonight wasn't the total failure he thought it might be.
The dinner was a pleasant, animated affair with talk, jokes and tales of childhood pranks floating around the table. Everyone joined in and had an outsider been watching they might have assumed the five were all related. Amber's unease disappeared, replaced by a warm affection for this close, fun family. As Doris rose to clear the table Amber got up to help. "No, dear, please sit and visit. These people don't let me do enough as it is and I really enjoy puttering in my kitchen. I can handle all of this: why don't you young people take a walk to the ice cream store and bring us back dessert?"
Sam jumped up and took Amber by the waist. "C'mon before she changes her mind," he chuckled. "We'll get her an extra scoop for being so nice." Amber glanced back to ask Melanie if she was coming. "No, I want to talk to daddy for a minute about the shop. You guys go ... Sam knows what I like. Just don't get lost out there in the dark."
The couple walked down the lane toward the boardwalk, Sam's arm comfortably around Amber's waist. Her hip struck his as they walked and she enjoyed the friction of their bodies. She reached around his waist and looked up at him with a smile. "Thanks again. This has been a wonderful evening."
Sam bent down and gave her a light kiss on the forehead. "I'm so glad you enjoyed it. For a while there I thought I'd really messed up. And the thought I might never get another chance was a real bummer. I think you caught my vibe about that."
"I did," Amber said, "and I wanted you to know that everything was fine. I hope you do want to go out again. I don't date much -- most of the guys I've known were only interested in my body -- and it's nice to go out with someone who likes me for me."
Sam nearly bit his tongue as he avoided saying that he, too, appreciated her body especially since he'd seen more of it than the other guys. But he knew how sensitive she was about that and how she didn't want to be reminded of it. So he took another tack. "I have dated a bit and you're the first girl who hasn't spent the entire time trying to impress me with her shopping prowess, knowledge of Hollywood celebrities or her desire to travel to Paris for the fashions. I know when you talk that I have to listen because you have something of substance to say. And you're self-confident enough that you don't have to spend all the time talking about yourself."
They reached the ice cream shop and placed their orders, making sure to get favorite flavors for Doris, Mike and Melanie. The ice cream was packed in a cold-wrap bag and they began their return trip. As they reached the base of the lane on which Sam lived, he pulled Amber to a stop. He turned to her and, bending down, kissed her softly but firmly on the lips. As he started to back away, she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him into her, returning his kiss with heat and passion. Their tongues began dueling and their bodies clung together tightly. Sam reluctantly broke the kiss and stood up. "We'd better get this ice cream back. The way you kiss it's going to melt where we stand. And the sooner we get those people fed the sooner I can be alone with you to get another one of those amazing kisses."
Amber laughed and playfully punched him. "Like you're going to get another one!" she said. "I'm not sure I like a guy who'll take ice cream over me. But I know your mom is looking forward to it so let's go."
The pair delivered their sweets, bantering with the family as the group parceled out the treats. Sam, Amber and Melanie retired to the home's family room while Mike and Doris said their goodnights and took their ice cream to their bedroom. The three young people sprawled on the furniture, Sam and Amber on the sofa and Melanie across the arms of a large easy chair, her long legs dangling over one arm as she leaned against the other. "So, when are you guys going to start getting friendly?" she joked, spooning her ice cream as she talked. "You can just pretend I'm not here. I don't want to get in your way at all."
Amber giggled and then tossed a pillow in her friend's direction, careful not to actually hit her and spill the ice cream. "You pervert! We're going to eat our ice cream and then Sam's going to walk me home. We're not as sex-starved or sluttish as you are!"
"Speak for yourself," Sam piped up with a grin. "I'm pretty sex-starved since I've never had any. Besides, I have a reason to be pretty horny around you!"
Amber frowned playfully at him. "I thought we weren't going to talk about that!" she scolded. "And I told you, my towel slipped."
"That's not what you told me!" Melanie hooted. "You said you did it on purpose!"
Sam's eyebrows shot skyward at his sister's revelation and Amber turned quickly toward him, her cheeks burning crimson. "It was an accident! Honest!" she said, trying to disarm Melanie's bombshell. "Besides," she said, turning her attention toward Melanie, "Melanie shouldn't be telling you things I said to her in confidence!"
"Oh, so it IS true that you flashed me?" Sam teased. "I was right all along!" He reached over and pulled Amber toward him. "Just for that, you have to give me another of those wonderful kisses!" He leaned forward to accept Amber's kiss but she squirmed out of his grasp and rose to her feet.
"I told you you weren't likely to get another of those," she teased. "Besides, who said you were right? Are you going to believe your scheming sister over your nice, sweet first date?"
"Sorry, Amber, I didn't mean to let it slip," Melanie said. "But tell me, Sam, about this kiss. It must've been something!"
Amber was light-headed with joy and amusement. Her two new friends -- siblings as it turns out -- were happily joking about her without being mean-spirited. And even all the talk about sex and horniness had her feeling giddy. She reached over and pulled Sam toward her. Quietly, so only he could hear, she said, "we might as well give her a real show." With that, she pressed herself to him, her lips seeking his and her fingers running through his hair and down the back of his neck. The kiss turned from tender to torrid as their tongues sought out warm mouths and their hands continued exploring. Amber ran her hands down Sam's back and then back up under his shirt. He shivered with passion and pressed more tightly against her. His hands were on her lower back and moving her body so more of it could press against him. He moved over her on the sofa, pushing her into a semi-reclining position. Amber's reaction to the exchange was a low moan and a shift that put her body directly under Sam's.
Melanie was riveted to the action on the sofa. She dared not speak for fear that she would break the mood. But it was so erotic that she couldn't suppress a throaty sigh as she moved her legs slightly apart and unconsciously began softly stroking her pussy.
Amber felt her body responding to Sam. Her nipples were like two stones in her bra, sensitive to every movement and almost painfully hard. Her panties were becoming sticky with her juices and her hips were involuntarily rising and falling, trying to bring Sam's body even closer. Frightened at her reactions, she broke away from Sam's kiss and gently pushed him away. "I guess that will satisfy her curiosity," she whispered to Sam as she rose under him and lightly kissed his cheek. Sam didn't move, not wanting to stand and show the girls that he was sporting a raging hard-on. He slipped down the sofa a bit and rolled over on his side, pulling one leg up slightly to ease the pressure on his hardness and make it less obvious to the girls.
Melanie became aware of her movements and pulled her hand away from her crotch. She busied herself with a change of position, both to mask what she had been doing and to readjust her blouse so her hard nipples wouldn't be as apparent. "Wow! Now I can understand why Sam wanted a second kiss! If you kiss him goodnight like that he won't be able to sleep!"
The three all sensed that the evening had gotten out of control. Sam, not wanting to offend Amber and lose a chance at a continued relationship, suggested that he walk her home. "You did promise your mother you'd be home early," he reminded. "And it's obvious that Mel isn't going to go away and leave us alone so if we want to be by ourselves we'll just have to go."
He rose from the sofa and reached out to Amber, pulling her up to stand with him. "Good night, Melanie," Amber said, walking to her friend's chair. She bent down and lightly kissed Melanie's cheek. "See you later! Do you still want to hit the beach tomorrow?"
"'Night, Amber! Wish I could get a kiss like you gave Sam but that would probably really freak him out! Sure, let's meet tomorrow at the same spot at noon. We can grab some sun before I have to open the shop and you can tell me about the goodnight kiss."
Sam waved to his sister as the pair walked out of the room. Once outside, Amber turned to Sam. "Is your sister gay?" she asked. "That's the second time she's made a reference to her and I in a more-than-friends way."
"I don't think she's really gay," Sam said. "I think Mel loves people, all people. And if you're a person she likes, she wants to be close to you. She's very affectionate, even with me. I've seen people looking strangely at us when we're together somewhere. She's clingy and when she kisses, she kisses everyone the same way. It's innocent but it probably doesn't look that way to an outsider."
Amber grabbed his arm and pulled herself against him. "Well she can't have you," she said. "You're mine ... er, at least if you want to be. Or if we go out again ... Oh, I don't know what I mean! I'm sorry ... I shouldn't have said that."
"You should have said exactly that," Sam said, putting his arm around her and pulling her close. "Being yours is exactly what I want, and I hope we go out again and again and again. We've just met but I'm absolutely smitten. I've never felt this way about a girl and as long as you can put up with me I'll be hanging around." With that, he gently lifted her chin and pressed his lips against hers. His hand slipped down her back and pulled her close, her hips grinding against his growing erection.
Amber reluctantly broke away. "I don't want that ever to stop," she said, adjusting her clothes, "but I don't think the sidewalk outside of your house is the best place for us to be doing that." She took his hand and steered him down the street toward the boardwalk. "Let's go sit outside the cottage."
They strolled down the boardwalk, Sam's arm around Amber's tiny waist, her hand on his hip. They talked quietly, content just to be together. When they arrived at Amber's cottage, they passed up the chairs in favor of the broad step in front of the porch. They continued their quiet conversation, arms around one another and eyes glued to each other. After several minutes, the front door opened and Amber's mom, Jan, appeared. "Oh, hi kids!" she said. "I heard something and thought someone might be lost. Sorry I interrupted." She backed away and started to close the door. "It's OK, mom," Amber said. "We were just talking. Sam wanted to make sure I got home early enough so that you'd let us go out again sometime."
"Well that's very thoughtful," Jan said. "And if you two want to date you certainly have my permission. Just be sure to behave yourselves." She turned and quietly closed the door. Unseen by the young people on the porch, she moved to a window and peered out, curious to see how far the first date had progressed.
Sam yawned, suddenly feeling the fatigue of the emotional roller-coaster evening. It had been difficult for him, balancing Amber's surprise (almost shock) at his dinner plan, his parents' obvious intrigue about this new girl in his life and the stunning discovery that Amber knew his sister and had, in fact, confided to her about Sam and the sidewalk incident. "Amber, I would love to sit out here with you all night, kissing your sweet, soft lips and feeling that beautiful body against me. But all of a sudden, I'm exhausted and I don't think I'd be very good company. Can I say good night and ask to see you tomorrow evening? We can walk down to the burger stand or something."
Amber was feeling tired, too, but hadn't wanted to say anything to spoil the moment. "That would be wonderful," she said, rising with him to stand on the porch. "And I loved tonight, too; especially the kisses." She moved against him, her hands reaching up to pull his face toward hers. They kissed warmly but not wantonly. Their tongues danced lightly against one another as they pressed against one another and then slowly parted. Sam kissed Amber once, then again. He backed down the porch, clinging to her hand until they were forced by distance to part. "I'll see you tomorrow," she said.
Jan backed away from the window, not wanting to be caught looking by her daughter. She was surprised at Amber's forwardness in kissing Sam good night, but aroused by it at the same time. The kiss was innocent but still filled with passion. Obviously the pair had some chemistry. Perhaps she'd better talk with Amber to make sure things didn't get too far too fast. School was just weeks away and she didn't want Amber's future clouded with some summer romance with a boy she knew little about.
Amber floated into the living room in a daze, unaware of her mother's presence. "Did you have fun?" Jan asked, snapping Amber back into reality. "Oh, mom, it was wonderful! He took me to his house to have dinner with his parents! And his sister is Melanie, the girl at the bathing suit shop! She's not a salesgirl, she owns the shop! And they're her designs! Oh, mom, it was fantastic! Sam's dad is a State alum and he knows a bunch of the professors and deans and he offered to introduce me around and help me get oriented and ..."Jan was stunned. Her daughter was rambling so excitedly and sounded so pleased. "Whoa, pumpkin! Slow down! That's a lot to try and digest in one sentence!"
"Sorry, mom, but they're an amazing family. His mom, Doris, looks like a model and is an amazing cook. That's why he wanted to take me there, because she's so fantastic. And the rest of the stuff was just so overwhelming. And he wants to see me again tomorrow! Oh, mom, isn't it terrific?"
"If you're happy, I'm happy," Jan said, trying to mask her concern. "But remember you have school in a few weeks and Sam, I assume, will be in school, too. You may not have time for romance, if that's what this is. And you haven't had a lot of experience with boys so you need to take it slow. First romances can really be dangerous for girls, sweetie. Guys can walk away from them but girls are the ones who get hurt. Slow down with Sam; if it's meant to be it will happen slowly just as surely as it would happen quickly. You both are young and have futures ahead of you ... let them take priority for now."
Amber knew her mother was right but she was frustrated nonetheless. Sam wasn't like those other boys she'd dated. Sure, he'd seen her nude and he kissed her passionately. And even though she didn't know much about boys and sex, she could tell from his erection pressing against her that he was turned on by her. Still, her mom had to know she wouldn't do anything to jeopardize her future. And Amber sensed that Sam was as committed to his future as she was to hers. Maybe she'd find out more about his future tomorrow.
Sleep came quickly and Amber awoke to a bright midmorning sun. She'd slept far later than she'd intended and she jumped out of bed, tossing on a light robe and heading for the kitchen. She remembered she was meeting Melanie at the beach at noon and she wanted to spend time with her mother before she left. Jan was at the kitchen table, doing some writing as she sipped her morning coffee. "Morning, pumpkin. You sure had a good sleep. Last night's dinner must have agreed with you." She punctuated her greeting with a hug as she rose from her chair to greet her daughter. "Mom, I was so comfortable! I've never met a family like theirs. They all are so accomplished, so smart, but wanted to make sure I was comfortable. Melanie even apologized that she hadn't told me she OWNED the shop rather than just worked there. It was like my opinion was so important to all of them!"
Jan listened with a mixture of pleasure and concern. It had been such a struggle raising her daughter and Jan didn't want that kind of life for Amber. At the same time, she wanted her daughter to know real love and a lasting relationship. She'd just have to watch the relationship carefully and make sure Amber wasn't hurt.
After a morning of talking and laughing with her mother, Amber donned her new suit and went back to the beach to meet Melanie. Just as Amber got her towel arranged and began applying sunscreen, Melanie danced up, tossing her beach bag on the sand and spinning lightly to show off her black one-piece creation. Amber had to look twice to see that it was only one piece since the cutouts and strings that made up the suit created a fluid mixture of pale skin and dark shimmering cloth. "That's an amazing suit!" Amber enthused. "But how does it stay on? It must have taken an engineer to figure out how to cut all those little pieces!"
"I'm no engineer," Melanie replied, dropping her towel next to Amber and plopping facedown on the sand. "It took a lot of mockups before I could keep it from falling off the mannequin. And even after I made the first prototype in my size, it kept falling off my boobs. I guess I'm going to have to get a boob job or get pregnant -- anything to make my breasts bigger!"
Amber laughed at her new friend's frankness and self-deprecation. The suit was a magnificent creation and Amber could imagine it selling well in any junior department. "Nonsense, Mel. Your breasts are just fine as they are. Don't even think about having surgery. You have a perfect body for the fashion industry; most of the girls who model are smaller on top than you are."
"How can you say my breasts are fine? You haven't even seen them," Melanie said, pulling the top of her suit apart at the V. "Now you can make an honest assessment."
Amber looked over to see Melanie's breasts peeking out from the suit, her nipples barely darker than her pale skin. The breasts were small but well-formed and firm. Amber was shocked that Melanie would flash like that at the beach and puzzled to find that she was aroused looking at her friend's bare chest. "Mel! Cover your breasts! Someone will see them!"
"I hope so!" Melanie said. "Otherwise I wouldn't have stuck them out here. But I guess I'll cover them up. What did you think of them? Do they turn you on, just a little bit? I really want to find a way to get you excited enough to give me one of those kisses. Sam came home last night still floating. But he wouldn't kiss and tell. So will you? I'm almost soaked just thinking about it!"
Shock painted Amber's face. Melanie's frank sexuality was unlike anything she'd ever been around. Sure Celia talked a good game but it was only talk. Celia had never actually done anything -- if she had, Amber would have been the first to know and she'd have heard every juicy detail. But Melanie didn't hide her desire to be involved with Amber or her enthusiasm for the budding relationship between Amber and Sam. It was puzzling, frightening and erotic all at the same time.
"Melanie, I can't believe how you talk!" Amber said. "Sam says you're not gay but you could fool me! You talk like you think I'd want a relationship with you instead of your brother. Or do you want us to be involved at the same time?" Amber said the words before she realized they were out loud. And the thought sent a shiver of arousal from her brain through her nipples to her throbbing clitoris.
"I hope like hell we can have a relationship," Melanie said, smiling. "I'm not gay but I'm definitely bisexual. I love love and I love it with men and women. I'm not a big slut -- I haven't had a lot of relationships -- but I'm attracted to strong, smart people and you're one of them. So's my brother, for that matter. That's why I think you two are so perfect for one another."
"Next you'll be telling me you want to seduce your brother," Amber joked. The image of a nude Melanie and Sam locked in coitus entered Amber's head and jolted her with another sexual bolt. Why did she think of that and why was the image so clear? And why was she so disappointed to see a lot of Melanie and not much of Sam? In her mental wandering, she'd missed part of what Melanie was saying."... at least you could tell me about the kiss. I have to go to work and it would be a nice thing to take with me so I can daydream between customers."
Amber looked at her friend for a long moment before she responded. "I won't tell you about the kiss because it was between Sam and I and I don't want to violate his trust or jeopardize our relationship." Melanie's pout told Amber how disappointed the willowy blonde was not to hear all the details. "But I do want us to be friends," she continued, "so I shouldn't leave you wondering about how I kiss." Before Melanie could react, Amber reached over and pulled her new friend close, kissing her deeply and tracing a small circle around Melanie's lips with her tongue. Amber's hands drifted down Mel's back, giving her tight butt a squeeze as she released the surprised designer.
"Wow! When do I get more of THAT!" Melanie exclaimed after she recovered from her kiss. "I've never had a kiss like that from ANYONE! Sam must've creamed his pants when you did that! Can I have another one for the road!?"
Amber laughed, in part to hide her own growing arousal. The kiss was meant as a lighthearted joke between friends but Amber wasn't prepared for the spark that traveled from their lips to her pussy. And the tingling hadn't stopped with the kiss. Amber was still feeling the effect of being close to Melanie. It was another jolt to her young psyche, this attraction to a girl. She'd never felt this magnetism before from a female. Celia and she had kissed before; that's how she learned to kiss so well. But she had no real feeling for Celia other than friendship. But this kiss with Melanie was so different, almost frightening in its intensity and sexuality.
Melanie gazed at Amber, wondering if she should press her luck and lean in for a second kiss. Deciding discretion was the better option, she slowly rose, giving Amber a long look at her small breasts in the deep V of her suit. Brushing the sand from her body, she gathered her belongings and looked down at her friend. "Thanks for that," she smiled. "Now my thong will be damp all day and I won't be able to go without a bra because everyone will see my hard nipples. Enjoy your date with Sam tonight! And save one of those kisses for me later!" She turned and started up the beach, her tight ass swaying provocatively for all the men and, surprisingly, for Amber as well.
Amber remained on the sand, watching Melanie's cute butt as it sauntered up the beach toward the boardwalk. She wondered about this strong feeling and whether it would jeopardize her relationship with Sam. "What relationship?" she wondered to herself. "We've had one date, agreed to a second and have barely kissed one another. Sure Sam wants to see me, and I really want to see him, but shouldn't we have done more than kissed on the sidewalk before I start fantasizing about a relationship?"
As her thoughts swirled around her, Amber gathered her belongings and walked toward the cottage to prepare for dinner with Sam. She moved like a zombie through her shower and wardrobe, dressing without being aware of what she was wearing. She shook her head sharply to bring reality back into focus. "Stop this!" she scolded herself. "It was a kiss, a tease between friends. You're not falling for Mel!" But her admonitions couldn't clear her mind and she arrived in the kitchen still mentally arguing with herself. Her expression must have given her mother pause.
"What's wrong, Amber?" Jan asked. "Are you having second thoughts about going out with Sam? He seems like such a nice boy; I hope nothing happened last night that gives you reason to question your judgment."
"No, mom, it's not Sam. He's wonderful, almost too perfect in fact. I'm not worried about him being too forward. If anything, I'm worried that I might be the one to push things too far. I really like him and I have never felt this way about a boy. It's like I almost want him to get physical with me."
Jan tried not to let her emotions show. She was so worried that her daughter would fall into the same trap that she found herself in coming out of high school. Full of promise, Jan had let a summer romance -- and a resulting pregnancy -- rob her of her college dream. And the man who had fathered Amber (the only positive part of their relationship) had left them just as Amber was entering school, leaving Jan to be both mother and father to her daughter. Now, just as Amber was about to realize her (and Jan's) dream of a university education this boy comes along and sweeps Amber off her feet. "How can I warn her without sounding like an overly protective mother," Jan thought as she looked at her beautiful young daughter.
"Those feelings aren't unusual, pumpkin," Jan said gently. "And Sam may be the one man for you, the one you want to be physical with now and forever. But neither of you is ready to commit to one person for the rest of your life. You both have school, careers, travel -- lots of adventures to experience and people to meet. Take this summer slowly. You and Sam deserve to explore your relationship, even the physical part if it seems right to you. But please be careful; if you decide to become intimate with Sam, come to me and I'll make sure you're protected. Sex can be a beautiful thing between two people who genuinely love and care for one another but it carries with it a lot of responsibility. I know you'll make the right decisions."
Amber blushed deeply as her mother talked, the words bringing into sharp focus the way she'd been feeling about Sam. And, she was shocked to realize, the way she'd felt earlier today about Melanie. "What's happening?" she wondered. "A couple of days ago I barely knew what happened between boys and girls and now I'm thinking about having sex with a guy and his sister!"
Her mother's ruminations and her own angst were interrupted by a knock on the door. Sam had arrived for their date and Amber allowed her thoughts to be flushed from center stage as she turned her face up to Sam for a sweet, soft kiss. "Sorry, Ma'am," Sam said to Jan as he backed away from Amber. "I don't mean to seem forward but when I see Amber I just have to kiss her!" He shifted the beach blanket he carried to his other hand as he wrapped his arm around Amber.
Jan burst into laughter. "Sam, I completely understand. And as long as all you do is kiss her when you see her I have no problem with it. Go and enjoy your evening but have my girl home at a reasonable hour."
The teens turned hand in hand and strolled away down the boardwalk. "Your mom is really great," Sam said as he turned to Amber. "Most parents would be freaked if their daughter greeted her date at the door with a kiss."
"Mom is worried about me but she trusts my judgment. And I've never been one of those girls who spend all her time thinking about boys. So I guess she knows I'm not going to do anything foolish or anything that would jeopardize my future."
"Amber, I won't lie to you. I am really attracted to you. Heck, you get me all horny. But I would never do anything to hurt you or to threaten our relationship. I'll be here as long as you want me to be in any way that you want us to be. But you'll never get any pressure from me. I know you hate to hear it or even to acknowledge that it happened, but that day that I saw you in the bathroom changed my life. I knew at that moment that I had found the girl I wanted to be with for the rest of my life. And you have haunted my dreams every night since then. So I guess I can be patient and wait for the right time to hold that naked dream girl for real."
His frank speech both startled and aroused Amber and she wasn't sure how to respond. As if he were reading her mind, Sam continued. "You don't have to say anything; I'm not looking for any kind of commitment from you. I just want you to know where I stand so there's no question. And I want you to know this isn't just a summer infatuation for me -- I'm going to be around next year, too. And the year after that for as long as you'll have me."
"Sam, I really care for you. I sometimes find myself thinking about you when I'm troubled by things I don't understand. Things I would never have considered talking to a boy about. But you make me feel comfortable and safe. I don't have enough experience to know if what I feel is love or lust or whatever. But I know I don't have to worry about you pushing me into something I'm not ready for. Lately, though, I've been feeling like I want to be pushed. I even told my mom today that I've been fantasizing about you and me doing something physical." Her blushes made her stop, realizing that she was telling Sam things she would never have told another boy. She wasn't even sure she'd have shared them with Celia.
Sam looked at Amber and smiled. "I guess I've been fantasizing about doing physical things with you, too. But I don't have enough experience to know what that would be and I get the impression that you don't know either."
Amber laughed her answer. "You're right," she said, moving closer and pressing her body against Sam. "I know I want to but I don't know what to do. I guess when the time is right we'll just have to learn together. That is, if you want to."
Sam turned her by her shoulders and pressed his lips to hers. Their bodies were glued together and their tongues began dueling as the kiss heated up. Her hands slid down his back to his tight butt and pulled his hips against hers. She may have been inexperienced but she knew what the hard shaft pushing against her tummy wanted and she wanted it, too. Her throbbing pussy began to moisten and she felt that now-familiar slickness against her upper thighs. She ground her hips into Sam's thigh, trying in vain to relieve her sexual tension. She pushed away from him gently and whispered into his neck. "Sam, I am really turned on. Is there anything we CAN do now? Anything that wouldn't be too risky?"
"Amber, you have me so turned on that I would agree to anything," Sam panted, trying to regain control of his emotions. "Anything we do when we're this excited is going to be impossible to stop. If I touch you at all, my mind is going to go back to that morning and seeing you without your towel and I won't be able to control myself. I want you -- I can't keep that a secret -- but I want you when the time is right, when we can be together forever, not just for a few hours or a night."
She pressed against him again and gave him the most-passionate kiss she could muster. Her hands were exploring his back, his butt, his hips. She ground her hips against him, pushing herself against his hardness. "Sam, please help! I need you so badly!" He gently separated them. "Let's have something to eat and cool down," he said, his mind fighting violently with his body. As he looked at her, he saw through the clothes to the beautiful full breasts with their hard ruby nipples, her tight waist and her bronze V crowning her womanhood. "Then we can walk along the beach for a while if you want to."
Amber was angry but not at Sam. She knew that he was right, that he was protecting her from hurt and regret. But she was angry at herself for pushing him into something that wasn't right, not now. If what they were feeling was genuine, it would last.
They ate at the burger stand, neither really hungry and both engrossed in their thoughts. They traded light conversation but both seemed to know that their minds were elsewhere. As soon as they finished eating, both rose and gathered their scraps for the trash.
"Let's walk down the beach. We can sit and watch the sunset," Sam said taking Amber's hand. She wrapped his arm around her waist and then put hers around his waist as they strolled onto the sand. She stopped him, then reached down to take off her sandals. "I love the feeling of the sand between my toes," she said. He bent down and removed his shoes and socks, rolling his pant legs up to mid-calf. "So do I. See, it's something else we have in common."
They walked along the beach toward the crashing surf, watching as the golden sun sank slowly toward the horizon setting the sky afire with bronze, pink, orange and yellow streaks. They were content to be together, not talking or trying to impress one another. As they reached the high-tide line, Sam stopped and spread the blanket on the sand. He lowered Amber to the sand and knelt next to her, smoothing the corners of the blanket. He leaned over and kissed her softly. "I'll never tire of that," he said. "I love the softness and sweetness of your kiss."
"I love your kisses, too, Sam," Amber said softly. "And I like the really passionate ones as well as those soft ones. In fact I think I like them better." She pulled him toward her and rolled onto her back, Sam's body pressing hers into the sand. She kissed him deeply, moving her legs apart so that one of his fell between hers, his thigh pressing against her throbbing pussy. Her hands moved up and down his back, sliding onto his butt as she ground her hips against his leg, dry-humping him in passion. "Oh, Sam!" she whispered. "I'm so turned on! I don't know what's happening to my body! And I can tell you're turned on, too!"
Sam fought for control, feeling his arousal beginning to overtake his senses. "Amber, I want you. Your body haunts me, and feeling you this close, this excited makes me want to do things that neither of us is ready to do. Please don't encourage me! I couldn't bear knowing we'd done something before we both were ready."
Amber pulled away, panting. She was upset, not at Sam but at herself. Hadn't her mother worked extra-hard to keep her in school, to allow her to go to State? It wouldn't be fair to her, or to Amber, to throw all that away now. But she was so turned on! She didn't know much about sex but she knew what turned her on in the shower, and she wanted Sam to make her feel that way. "Sam, I think I'm falling in love with you. We've known each other for two days but they've been the most amazing days of my life. And I find myself thinking about you in ways I've never thought about a boy. Now you're the one who has the good sense to stop before we do something we'll both regret. Thank you for that and for being the incredible person you are. But if we don't do SOMEthing, I'm just going to burst! So you have to agree to go along with me for a little while, OK?"
Sam was seriously conflicted. He didn't know what Amber wanted but knew from the look in her eye that she wanted to go someplace she'd never been before (and likely neither had he, in truth). He wasn't ready to risk losing her tomorrow over something that happened tonight.
"I want to do anything that will please you Amber, because I think I'm falling in love with you, too. But I won't do anything that you might come to regret tomorrow. Promise me we won't do that, please?"
Amber rolled back toward Sam and pulled his face to hers. Her lips nearly on his, she said "I promise, darling. Now kiss me and let's start learning about one another."
She pulled him into a kiss, their mouths, tongues and hands engaged in a sexual symphony. She reached down and took his hand from her hip, guiding it up and placing it on her breast. He resisted but she pressed his hand firmly against her breast, guiding his fingers to her swelling nipple. "Touch me, Sam. Feel how turned on you make me! Caress my breasts; you've seen them, now you can feel them."
She lost herself in his caress and kiss, moaning her approval as Sam began exploring her chest in earnest. She ran her hands up and down his thigh as his fingers closed lightly around her hard nipple, sending bolts of electricity from her chest to her pussy.
"Touch my skin, Sam. Feel my bare breast," the excited teen whispered, pulling her shirt up to allow Sam's hand to stroke her hot flesh. She pulled the cup of her bra away from her pale breast, baring her hard nipple and dark areola. Sam tentatively touched her hot flesh, then stopped.
"Amber, are you sure? Can we do this and stop? Will you hate me tomorrow for having done this?"
Amber moved her lips from his. "Sam, I want this as much as you do. Probably more. And I know this isn't fair to you because I don't know what I can do to make you feel as good as this makes me feel. I won't hate you tomorrow; I'll love you more for being concerned. But I really do want you to know what my body feels like, and I want to feel your soft hands on my breasts. Please?"
Sam needed no second request. He stroked her breast and then slipped his fingers under her bra to caress the other nipple. Surprising both he and Amber, he lowered his head to her chest and lightly sucked on her exposed nipple, sending Amber into paroxysms of release. Her orgasm was like nothing she'd ever felt; her body was out of her control. Her hips stiffened against Sam's thigh and she ground her wet pussy into his leg, humping him as her nipple throbbed in delight at his kiss. She grabbed his butt and held him against her as wave after wave of orgasm surged through her. She finally relaxed her spasms and collapsed onto the blanket. Sam gently replaced her bra and shirt, kissing her tummy as he covered it with the fabric. Then he lay next to her, caressing her arms, shoulders and her breasts as she came down from her bliss. His throbbing erection was painful and he could feel his balls swelling with passion. He knew he'd be barely able to walk but he didn't care. He'd managed to fight off his own desire and give this beautiful young woman the release she had sought. Nothing else mattered to him at that moment.
After what seemed to her to be hours but was really only a few minutes, Amber regained sufficient use of her faculties to turn toward her new lover. "Sam, I want you to know that I have never, ever felt anything even approaching that! I know it wasn't fair to you and I don't know if it adequately satisfied my sexual curiosity. But I know I want to do it again, that and more. And I want to learn how to give you the same incredible feeling. I do love you Sam, crazy as it sounds after only two days. I've spent all of my teen years keeping boys from doing what I just made you do. And I love you for resisting me."
She ended her speech with a toe-curling kiss. Her young body pressed against Sam, begging for more attention. But the young man had no more to give. His balls were aching and his cock was threatening to pole vault him into the surf every time Amber's firm breasts flattened against his chest.
"I love you, too," Sam whispered into her soft hair. "I love your brain, your personality, your enthusiasm for life and, at the risk of personal harm, I love your body. Your breasts are so soft and beautiful I can't find words to describe them. Seeing them that morning in your bathroom window was a dream; touching them, caressing you, making love to you like this was a dream fulfilled. But we can't be caught up in the heat of what we're feeling. We have to think beyond tonight, beyond this place and this summer. We have a lifetime together. Let's not jeopardize it in a week."
Softening his words, Sam pulled Amber to him and smothered her with a kiss. Holding her, he stroked her hair and listened to her breathing. As they lay together, Amber realized that Sam was right. As much as she wanted him in ways she didn't even fully understand, she knew they'd have to wait. But she was determined to learn how she could bring Sam the kind of pleasure she had known from his touch and his kisses tonight. Since her overwrought young body would not allow sleep, she would spend the night on the Internet, learning as much about men and their sexual triggers as she could.
To be continued...