What I saw when I returned with our drinks made my cock immediately rise to full erection. Luis was seated in a chair and Jessica stood in front of him. His dick was already fully hard, no doubt due to the show my wife was putting on for him.
Jessica had removed her negligee and was clad in a skin tight sheer black body stocking that not only didn’t effectively cover anything but emphasized what she had. And she had a lot to emphasize!
The top was low cut both from above and to the sides. Her huge tits were squeezed into a space obviously designed to accommodate a less substantially endowed woman. Her tits were pushed up over the top and spilled out over the sides. The sight of her huge boobs barely contained by the thin black material was totally outrageous.
Lower down the body stocking was cut away at the groin totally exposing her pussy. Even more astounding was the fact that Jessica had completely shaved off her pubic hair so that her pussy lips were exposed to full view.
My wife was running her hands up and down her body and massaging her tits while she squirmed sexily. I pulled up a chair next to Luis, gave him his drink, and sat down.
Jessica walked over to the night table and helped herself to a liberal serving of vodka. She turned to face us and shook her upper body setting her tits to shaking. They strained against the material, threatening to burst out at any second.
Jessica leaned forward at the waist and set her tits swinging back and forth as best they could while encased the tight material of the body stocking. The cleavage she exposed was amazing.
I had of course seen her tits before and already knew how incredibly huge and firm they were. This was, however, Luis‘ first view of her boobs outside a dress, and he was totally floored. As mammoth as his dick was, Jessica’s tits were equally impressive in their own way. And they weren’t just large, they were firm and full and sexy as hell.
Jessica stood up straight and cupped her heavy boobs from underneath. She rubbed her hands all around them and tweaked her nipples with her fingers making their outline quite prominent through the thin material.
She took a few steps forward and positioned herself so that she stood directly in front of us. We gulped at our drinks as she started to shimmy and shake. She wasn’t dancing... she was gyrating. She was setting every voluptuous curve of her body to shake and undulate and tease us.
Jessica did a twist for us. She shimmied side to side as she bent her knees and lowered herself down and raised her body back up. No one had ever done a twist like this though. If Chubby Checker was here he would have stopped playing and jumped her bones without a second thought.
Here was my wife with her enormous tits stuffed into the tightest and sheerest of material, her cunt exposed through the gap in the body stocking, twisting away and shaking her stuff entirely for our enjoyment. There was no music playing, but she didn’t care. She was drunk off her rocker, completely blasted and totally uninhibited.
Jessica turned around and shook her butt at us. She twisted down and up. We could see her huge knockers as they swayed from side to side. First one was visible as it swung out to her left side, then the other as it swung out to her right side.
My wife leaned forward and placed both hands on the ground. She spread her legs and totally exposed her open cunt to us. She looked back at us through her legs and smiled widely.
Jessica lifted one hand off the ground and reached up to her pussy. She fucked first one, then two fingers into her cunt. She then removed her hand, stood back up, and turned to face us.
She stood there in front of us and placed both hands over her cunt forming a V shape with her arms. Her upper arms pressed against the sides of her big boobs causing them to jut out even further than normal.
Jessica said, “So, what are you two studs waiting for? Cum and get it. Cum on and fuck me till I beg for mercy. Pump your big cocks into me. Use me. Fuck me. Screw me. Ball me!”
She then reached up and gripped the thin material of the body stocking between her tits. She pulled her hands apart hard and ripped the fabric open causing her tits to burst out. Finally released from the tight confines of the body stocking her big boobs bounced up and down and side to side.
Luis and I practically jumped out of our seats ready to ravish her body and fuck her brains out. Luis went to her left boob and I went to her right. We kissed and stroked and rubbed them. We worshipped her big orbs.
Jessica moaned and groaned and kept up a steady stream of cock hardening chatter. “Oh yes, suck my big tits. I love it. I love the feel of having both breasts kissed at once. Ooh yeah. I can’t wait to get your big dicks in me. I want you to both take turns fucking my pussy. I want to taste your cocks again. I want you to fuck my tits with your big dicks.” We continued to fondle her breasts as she spoke.
Jessica said, “You know Luis, I think your big cock was made for my tits. I bet it would fit quite nicely between them. What do you say? Want to give it a try?”
Luis said, “Damn straight I do. Get over on that bed and get ready to be tit fucked!”
Not waiting for Jessica to comply, Luis picked her up. He placed one arm under her neck and one under her knees and carried her over to the bed as if she weighed nothing. He bodily dropped her on the mattress.
Without a pause Luis straddled her chest and placed his immense pecker between her tits. Jessica pressed against the sides of her breasts with her hands to form a tight tunnel for his cock. She had been right, as big as his cock was her tits were a match for it. Her boobs smothered his huge dick in their velvety smoothness.
Luis started to fuck her tits. His cock was so long that on the up stroke it banged against the underside of her chin. Luis reached out and grabbed a couple of pillows and placed them under my wife’s head. Now when he fucked her tits and his dick emerged from the top of her tits it pressed against her lips.
Not one to pass up an opportunity to suck cock, Jessica opened her mouth wide every time the head of his dick approached. She would suck it in for as long as he held it there and as he stroked back out she would lap at it with her tongue until it was out of reach.
I said, “Lets slide her around to the side so I can get at her cunt while you fuck her tits and face.”
We positioned my wife so that she was on her back with her head at the edge of the bed. Luis stood above her while she stared up at his balls and his cock aimed down at her tits from above.
I got between her legs and started licking pussy while Jessica licked at Luis’ heavy nut sack. I tongued my wife to orgasm after orgasm while Luis alternately fucked my wife’s mouth and tits.
Luis’ cock was so large that Jessica was able to suck his balls while encasing his dick between her huge breasts. She used her hands to shake and jiggle her tits against his cock, thrilling him, I’m sure, beyond measure.
While Jessica performed her magic on Luis, I licked and sucked on her clit. I ran the tip of my tongue in swift circles around her love button. I lapped at it and treated her to one intense orgasm after another. Finally I stood up and said, “Lets turn her over. Its time she got fucked.”
We repositioned ourselves so that Jessica was on her hands and kneed in the middle of the bed. Luis sat back against the headboard and Jessica hovered over his dick ready to continue her big cock-sucking feast. Luis’ cock was so big she didn’t even need to bend her head down to lick the head of his dick. I was on my knees behind her, ready to plow her cunt from behind.
“Everybody ready,” I asked? “OK, on three. One, two, three!”
On the count of three I rammed the full length of my engorged cock into my wife’s pussy from behind. Luis raised his hips up just as Jessica was pushed forward from the impact of my thighs bumping up against her ass. This forced her mouth halfway down the length of Luis’ huge cock in one quick lunge.
Not pausing for a breath I pulled back and rammed my dick in again. I jackhammered my cock at full force over and over into her hot cunt. Each time I did so Jessica’s mouth was forced down over Luis’ pole.
Over and over I fucked her, ramming my dick into her cunt again and again. After what seemed like an eternity of warm velvety bliss I pulled out and said, “Let’s switch.”
Jessica said, “Wait, Luis is too big just to batter me from behind. Let me get on top of him and take his cock in at my own pace.”
Luis said, “Fine by me.”
“Go for it, babe,” I said. “Let’s see if you can get that monster in you.”
Luis slid down so that he was lying on his back on the bed. His feet and some of his leg hung over the bottom of the bed. Jessica squatted over him with his ramrod aimed straight up at her cunt. My wife reached down with one hand and held onto his cock. She lowered herself down and guided his huge missile to her pussy.
The huge head of Luis’ cock pressed against her pussy lips. For a while there it looked like that was all that would happen. Slowly however the pressure of his cock against her cunt began to part her pussy lips and the mammoth head of his dick began to slip in.
Jessica continued to take a fraction of an inch at a time, until finally her cunt had engulfed the entire head of his cock. She said, “Oh God, it feels so big. I’ve never been stretched so wide in my life. It’s so FUCKING BIG!”
Jessica slid down a couple of inches and then pulled herself back up. She went into overdrive and furiously fucked the top few inches of his cock, pistoning his dick in and out. Each time she went down she took in a bit more.
Suddenly she stopped with about half his meat log in her and shuddered. “Oh my God,” she groaned. “Oh my God. Oh God I’m cumming, I’m cumming. It’s so fucking big. I’m cumming. Oh God your big fucking dick is making me cum!”
Luis reached up and started fondling her heaving tits while Jessica sat immobilized on his shaft. She came again and again. As large as his hands were, he still couldn’t entirely cover her huge tits with them.
Jessica finally returned to earth and continued her descent down his endlessly long fuck stick. She appeared determined to get the whole monstrously large length of it into her over stretched cunt.
Inch by inch it disappeared into her greedy pussy. With just a couple of inches remaining Jessica dropped her entire weight down and took it all in.
She sat there so thoroughly impaled on his huge dick that you would never have known that there was well over a food of cock in her. Jessica rotated her body around Luis’ cock one hundred and eighty degrees so that her back was to his head. She sat there facing his feet.
My wife looked at me and said, “OK, lover. Get your dick over here. I want you in my mouth while Luis fucks my cunt.”
I climbed up on the bed and stood in front of her. Jessica grabbed onto my hips for support and took my throbbing meat into her mouth. She started to ride Luis’ cock up and down while at the same time giving my dick the pleasure of her oral attentions.
My wife was proving herself to be very talented indeed. She managed to simultaneously ride Luis’ and suck me. She thoroughly pleasured us both without either of us feeling he wasn’t getting her full attention.
In fact, the more worked up she got from Luis’ immense shaft plowing her cunt to unexplored depths, the more maniacally she licked and sucked my blood engorged cock. If it wasn’t for the fact that we both had already cum once, I’m sure Luis and I would not have held up long under my wife’s frenzied assault.
She fucked, she sucked. She fucked and sucked. We ravished her from both ends, filling her to bursting with big hard dick.
Ten minutes later we were still at it. By now Jessica had cum a dozen or more times. It was all she could do to hold on for dear life while we pistoned our dicks in and out of her.
Luis held her waist while pumping his hips up off the bed and ramming the full length of his cock into her. I held her head between my hands and fucked my shaft into her wide-open mouth so deep that my balls bounced off her chin on each stroke.
We fucked her like Gods. I don’t know how we did it but somehow we both had unending staying power. I’ve had this ability before and it was some incredible coincidence that BOTH Luis and I were able to maintain our hard-ons for so long.
Sometimes, when I’m on my second erection of the night, I achieve a state of transcendence over my physical abilities. I am then able to fuck for hours if I choose to do so. I can control how long I stay hard and when I wand to cum. I can also maintain my pleasure at the highest peak without cumming.
Amazingly Luis and I were both at this stage simultaneously. We just battered my wife back and forth between our raging hard ons. We gave her the royal fucking of her life.
Jessica continued to orgasm every couple of minutes and had reached a point where she probably couldn’t have even remembered her own name if asked. All that existed for her was continuous pleasure interspersed with multiple orgasms.
Ten more minutes went by and we decided it was time for a new position. Luis had stretched Jessica’s cunt wide enough by now that it didn’t seem to matter what position we fucked her in.
For her part, Jessica was totally amenable to anything we did. She was totally at our whim and command. Whenever her mouth had slipped off my dick during the last twenty minutes, all she could do was moan and groan and breathe hard.
As we pulled our cocks out of her she just said “Oh God, oh God, oh God...“ over and over and over.
Out of kindness we laid my wife on her back and decided to take turns fucking her. I went first and easily slid my dick into her well-lubricated tunnel. I pumped her fast and furiously at full speed for a good five minutes and managed to get her to cum a couple of more times.
I pulled out and, for good measure, fucked her tits for a couple of minutes. I then rubbed my dick around her face for a while.
By now she had recuperated enough to take a few licks at my balls and say, “Oh yeah. Oh honey! Rub that fucker all over me. I love it.”
I got off the bed and Luis took over. He went straight for her face and rubbed his mammoth cock over every inch of it. She licked and kissed it like a desperate woman.
Luis slid lower and placed his cock between her heaving breasts. He pushed her tits together around his dick and made a tight tunnel between her big tits for him to fuck.
After a few minutes of this he slid even lower and aimed the head of his cock at her pussy. Luis slid in slowly but steadily until his balls slapped against her ass. He pulled out and then pushed back in. With each thrust he went a little faster and a little harder, like a train picking up speed as it pulls away from the station. In no time he was power fucking his entire huge cock into her at full force.
Jessica came screaming. “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”
Luis kept fucking.
Jessica said, “Don’t stop. Fuck me forever. Fuck me with your big motherfucking monster fucking huge fucking amazing fucking gigantic mammoth fucking big fucking cock!”
As she said, “cock” she came again and degenerated into unintelligible mumbling. Luis fucked her non-stop for a solid ten minutes while she appeared to be experiencing on unending orgasm.
Jessica spoke, quietly at first, then louder and with more authority. “Stop. Stop. Please stop. I can’t take anymore. I want your cum. I need your cum. Jizz me. Spray me. Hose me down. Cover me with your cream. Cum on me. Jizz my face. Jizz my tits. Jizz my pussy. Empty your loads on me. I want to see that yummy cream spray out of your big dicks. I want you to paint me white with your loads. Give it to me, boys. Give it to me. Jerk off on me. Cum on me with your big dicks. Big dicks. Big dicks. Let me see your big fucking dicks spray me with jizz. Give me your cum. Give me your cum. Give me your cum.”
As she spoke we each knelt at either side of her and aimed our throbbing dicks over her tits and at her face. We came at the same time. Man, did we cum.
There’s one thing about staying hard and fucking for an hour. Your balls make a lot of cream. I mean a LOT. Our balls had spent the last hour in overdrive, pushed by our fucking action to create record amounts of jizz. Jizz that erupted in geysers out of our cocks and onto my wife. Jizz that shot out of our dicks like bullets and splattered against my wife’s face. Jizz that exploded out of our cocks propelled by an hour’s worth of churning and pent up pressure.
We sprayed her face. We simultaneously sent huge thick streamers flying that painted long streaks from her chin to her hair. Luis managed to send one huge burst directly into her open mouth. In no time flat her face was entirely coated in jizz. Her eyes were sealed shut. Her mouth overflowed with cum. Her hair was pasted together with jizz.
While Luis pressed his cock against Jessica’s lips and sent some jizz flying straight into her mouth, I aimed lower and creamed her tits. I coated her nipples. I painted her huge fucking boobs with hot cum. Luis joined me and together we did to her tits what we had done to her face. We completely coated them with a gloss of jizz.
We continued by aiming our still erupting dicks lower and jizzed her belly and then her cunt. We kept going lower. We came on her thighs, her legs and her feet. Our bursts of cum finally easing up a little as we got lower and lower. We had coated her entire body, from head to foot, with cum.
We both moved back up to her face and allowed the last few drops to fall on her face before collapsing against the headboard. Jessica just lay here moaning and licking her lips.
After a few minutes she lifted her hands and started rubbing our cum into her tits. She moved lower and massaged our jizz into her tummy. She went lower and frigged herself to two more orgasms.
Jessica raised her hands to her mouth and licked them clean. She then sat up, leaned over and rubbed the cum on her legs into her skin. As she did so, cum ran down her face and fell on her tits.
My wife lay back and scooped the excess cum off her tits with her fingers and licked them clean. She then rubbed the cum all around her face, licking her fingers off every few seconds. When she had finally cleaned herself off she looked up at us and said, “Thank you.” She then rolled over and fell asleep.
I said, “Well, we did it. We gave her what she wanted. We fucked her till she passed out.”
Luis said, “Yeah. That was fucking great. Your wife is something else, man. No one ever took my whole rod before. I hope I get another shot at her someday.”
I said, “Don’t worry. Jessica is cock crazy. The bigger the better. I’m sure she won’t be satisfied with just one night’s entertainment. She’ll want more. She always does.”
Luis got dressed and we said good night. I assured him that we would get in touch soon.
I poured myself a nightcap and then went upstairs and passed out on the bed next to my wife.
To Be Continued...