My husband is a long time viewer of your site, which is the reason I am writing this story. I want him to see it in public along with his friends because I know that many of them visit here as well. I know it is a rather lengthy story but I hope you print it because it will another way in which I humiliate my husband as part of my new found domination of him.
My name is Diane; I am in my late thirties and without being too vain could pass for thirty. I have always worked out in the gym and thankfully have kept my 34-24-36 figure in good shape. I have always thought my breasts were my best feature as, despite not being overly large, they are well shaped and very firm. The compliments that I receive from men however, are mainly for what they term my "cute arse". I, like most women, think that it is too large.
My husband Brian is a successful businessman who has a small chain of stores supplying plumbing fittings to tradesmen. (Now his friends will know who it is). Earlier this year I discovered that Brian had been having an affair with one of the girls at the office, Sandra, an attractive brunette in her early twenties. At first I was devastated, I felt that it must be my fault, and that I was no longer attractive. For days I moped around the house, my self-confidence shattered, Brian and I weren't talking and I felt totally miserable. Most days I didn't bother to dress, just remaining in my nightgown.
About a week after it had happened there was a knock on the door. It was Samantha, a friend from gym. She said "Diane, what's wrong? You look terrible!" This was the final straw for me and I burst into tears. Samantha took me inside and made tea while I told her the whole story.
Samantha convinced me to shower and dress and go to the gym for a work out. I felt much better after this, especially after I noticed in the wall mirrors that two young men were trying not to look too obvious as they continually kept sneaking glances every time I bent over to pick up the weights. I started working out every day and my confidence improved dramatically as my body toned even more. It was during this time that my thoughts turned to revenge and I started my plan with a whole new wardrobe, which included some quite revealing gym outfits. The leotards were so revealing when I tried them on that I made a mental note to do my bikini line. Later that afternoon I decided to give myself a trim and as I sat there naked, my thoughts strayed to the two young men at the gym. I became very aroused at the thought of what they might be able to see in these new outfits and feeling quite wicked decided to shave totally. As I examined my now bald pussy I could not believe how wet I was and as I stroked my smooth mound and silky lips my fingers brushed my engorged clitoris causing me to totally lose control. I thrust my fingers into my steaming cunt and feverishly worked my clit with my thumb bringing myself to the most powerful orgasm I'd had in years.
The next day I headed to the gym hoping that my admirers might be there, as with the events of yesterday still fresh in my mind, I had decided to put on a little show for them. I scanned the room as I walked in and my heart skipped a beat when I saw them in their usual spot. Thankfully the gym was not very busy and I knew that I would be able to put myself in a strategic position for best effect. I noticed that my new outfit with its plunging neckline and high cut legs had already caught their attention as I commenced my warm up. As I worked out on the various pieces of equipment I was becoming quite aroused, as I was not wearing knickers and the fabric of the leotard was brushing across my shaven pussy. Fortunately my perspiration was hiding my wetness. By the time I had got to the free weights the exertion had caused my leotard to ride up my exposing a good deal of my bum. I positioned myself so that my back was to the men and when I bent forward to position my hands on the bar it pulled further into the cleft between my buttocks and pulled tightly over my swollen cunt lips.
I shuffled my feet and wiggled my hips to position myself for the lift making sure they got a real eyeful. I felt like a tart displaying myself like this but at the same time I was becoming so turned on that it was difficult to remind myself that it was all in the name of revenge. I worked on the weights for much longer than usual making sure the guys got a real show.
I needed a drink and a rest before moving to the next exercise and while I was sitting the guys came over and introduced themselves as Paul & Rod. They started making small talk, commenting on my work out and saying that they had noticed me over the last few weeks and how fit and toned I had become. The bulges in their shorts told me that it was more than my work out that they were noticing.
I was enjoying myself immensely as the flattery did wonders for my ego, not to mention my arousal, but as I was not interested in getting in too deep I excused myself saying that I had to finish my workout. I moved over to the bench press and lay down spreading my legs either side of the bench. I felt the leotard pull inwards and tighten over my pussy causing me to gasp a little. I was aroused beyond belief. Paul heard my gasp and came over to ask if I was OK. I nodded and he then asked if I would like him to spot the weights for me. I laughed and said they weren't that heavy although he could if he wished. I watched in the mirror as he kept glancing furtively at my crotch each time I lifted. The narrow strip of material was barely covering my cunt lips leaving little doubt about my shaven state.
It was becoming increasingly difficult to concentrate due to my aroused condition and the fact that I was tiring, so I thought it was time for the finale. I asked him to increase the weights a little using this as an excuse to wriggle my bottom on the bench to get a better position and spread my legs even further to prepare for the heavier weights of course. Poor Paul, his eyes were bulging almost as much as his crotch. He was unable to shift his gaze now and I noticed that Rod had moved over so that he was standing at the bottom of the bench also making no attempt to hide his stare. One last lift I told myself and that would do, at least for today because this was fun, and then the unthinkable happened. The material in my crotch slipped completely between my engorged lips totally exposing them to the lustful stares of the two men. The excitement of knowing my bare cunt lips were in full view of these men plus the increased pressure on my clitoris sent a shattering orgasm coursing through me.
I was almost delirious as I lay on the bench gasping, trying desperately to regain my composure. All pretence and innocence was now gone and this seemed to be the trigger that gave the men a feeling of confidence. "The randy little tart has just cum." said Paul with a grin. I think want she wants is a good fucking, smirked Paul. "Nooo" I moaned. Rod had moved around to my side and squatted on one knee, screening me from the few people that were in the room. He slid his finger along the gusset of my leotard between the cleft created by my pouting lips. Involuntarily I thrust my hips upwards into his hand as again I moaned no. "She is more than ready mate," exclaimed Rod.
"Look at this," he said as he plucked the material from between my lips and pulled it to one side totally exposing my cunt. I lay there with my legs apart, powerless, as he slid a finger into me saying the little tart is absolutely dripping. Again my hips thrust upwards to meet his hand but this time I hissed "fuck me, I want to be fucked." I was shocked; it was as if someone had taken control of me. Surely this was not me behaving this way.
"Let's take her into the men's change rooms," said Paul, "there are only two other guys in today, big Bob over there and old Patrick and he is in the sauna." Rod straightened my clothing and told Paul to walk out into corridor to check if it was clear. I was unsteady on my feet as Rod helped me up. We received a few inquiring looks from the other people as he led me to the door. "She over did it on the weights," said Rod, "I'm taking her for some fresh air." and they nodded satisfied with the answer.
I followed as if in a trance as we walked out and down the corridor towards the men's room. Rod suddenly stopped and pulled me to him. "You're a real little exhibitionist, aren't you Diane?" I nodded dumbly unable to speak. "Take off your clothes now, you can walk the rest of the way naked. I want to watch your cute little arse wiggle as you walk he said crudely." I peeled off the leotard, which was all that I was wearing anyway, heedless of the fact that any one could have walked in. He greedily ran his eyes over my body. I was giddy with a mixture of fear of being caught and excitement as I walked down the rest of the corridor, I had never been so turned on in my life I was close to orgasm just being there like that.
I entered the men's room and saw Paul sitting on a bench in front of his locker, he was naked and sporting a very impressive erection which he was slowly wanking. His eyes widened as he saw my naked body and said "Nice tits as well as a nice arse." There was silence for a moment as they both ogled my body. I was still slightly dazed, trying to come to terms with what was happening. Here I was totally naked in an almost public place with two virtual strangers who were about to fuck me. It had never been my intention to go this far, to actually have sex as part of my revenge let alone with two men but it was too late now I was drunk with lust and excitement and I was totally in their control.
Paul pointed at his throbbing cock, "Would you like to suck this Diane?" he said. I nodded and walked toward bending forward to take his cock in my mouth. I cupped his heavy balls in my hand and proceeded to lick and suck as if there was no tomorrow. He grabbed my tits and began to roll my rock hard nipples between finger and thumb.
Rod meanwhile, came up behind me and thrust his hand between my legs and commenced running his finger along my cunt from my clit to my arsehole and back to my clit. I shuddered as another orgasm ripped through me. I stopped sucking just long enough to beg him to fuck me. I sighed as I felt my cunt being pulled apart and the head of his cock nuzzling into place then he rammed it home in one movement. I squealed with pleasure, still trying to suck Paul's cock as Rod continually rammed into me, the sensation was fantastic. I felt Paul tense and new he was about to come, I was close again and Rod was quickening his stride. Paul suddenly erupted in my mouth, I gagged and swallowed as he started to come, his cock slipping from my mouth still spraying jets of come over my face and tits, it was everywhere. Rod moaned that he was coming and suddenly thrust a finger up my arse as he started pumping his hot sperm into me. That was enough to send me wailing into my third orgasm.
Rod picked me up and lay me on my back on a low table in the middle of the room and sat down as we all gasped for air. Suddenly the door opened and a very fit looking man in his fifties strode in. His jaw dropped and he stopped in his tracks as he exclaimed "What the hell!" He gaped at me as I lay there on the table with my legs splayed, my bald, dripping cunt open to his view. I felt like such a slut, and I was loving it. "Hi Patrick" said Rod with a huge grin on his face. "What the hells going on Rod?" asked Patrick. "Diane was being a tease, putting on a bit of a show out there and we thought the little tart needed a good fucking, so we obliged. Help yourself mate she's a real little slut."
I couldn't believe it, a couple of hours ago all I'd planned was giving a couple of blokes a bit of an eyeful, now here I was being offered to a total stranger, by a man about whom I new nothing except his first name. Patrick walked over to me and whistled to himself, nice body he exclaimed, I love the shaven twat. He slid a finger into me and I moaned, still immensely aroused. "She's nice and wet Rod I think I'll take you up on the offer."
He dropped his gym shorts to reveal a rapidly rising massive cock. I'd never seen anything like it. I lay there totally wanton as he stepped between my legs and placed his cock at the entrance to my cunt and shoved, it went in about half way. I squealed as I had never felt anything this big, there is no way I can take this, I thought. He was obviously used to the problem because he slowly started to rock backwards and forwards and started to ease the rest of it into me. "Nice and tight boys just the way I like them," he smirked. Soon he was pounding away and I was yelling at him "fuck me you bastard give me more of that big cock." I was like an animal, I'd had never thought I could behave like this. I came for the fourth and then the fifth time before he too pumped his load into my steaming cunt. Meanwhile the other two had regained their erections watching Patrick fuck me.
Paul climbed onto the table and rolled me over then pulled me up onto my knees. Rod stood in front of me and offered his cock to my mouth, which I took greedily, tasting my own juices for the first time. This time I felt Paul's finger slide into my arse while his other had slid around and he worked my clit. The sensations were incredible as he worked on me. Suddenly he removed his finger but only to replace with the tip of his cock. He said to Rod I've wanted to do this ever since she was bending over wiggling it at us out there and with that slid his cock into my virgin arse.
My squeal turned to moans of pleasure as the burning sensation was quickly replaced by waves of pleasure. "Christ," said Patrick "big Bob has got to see this. He'll kill me if he finds out later that he has missed out." It didn't register at first, but then I vaguely realized that I was going to be fucked by a fourth stranger. Patrick returned with Bob in time to watch as Paul continued to fuck my arse. Rod had already emptied his load down my throat.
Bob and Patrick stood beside us both with their cocks in hand wanking as they watched Paul grunt and fill me from the rear. I slumped forward, exhausted gasping for air, totally sated. Bob came over to me and said, "Diane you don't mind if I fuck you, do you?" I was totally exhausted and beyond caring so I shook my head and mumbled that I didn't mind. He rolled me onto my back and slid me to the end of the table and hooked my legs over his shoulders and slid his cock into my sodden pussy. I could hardly feel him, although he was pumping away feverishly and just as he grunted and shot his load into me, I felt the spatter of hot semen over my body as Patrick, who had continued to wank, sprayed his come over me.
What a sight I must have been laying there covered in spunk with my gaping cunt oozing come. In the space of an hour I had been fucked by four strangers and had lost count of the number of orgasms that I had. "You are a real little slut aren't you Diane, you really enjoyed that. I think we will be seeing a bit more of you Diane and we have some other friends that would like to meet a slut like you. Do you want to meet our other friends, Diane?" said Paul. I could only nod.
Later at home as I reflected on what had happened I was still a little stunned. Never in my wildest dreams had I believed that I was capable of behaving this way, I was shocked at this unknown side of me had been awakened and I shivered with anticipation as I knew that now that it was awake it was there to stay. My revenge was going to take a lot longer than I had initially planned. There was a little guilt that I had fucked four men but then I thought of Brian and if he hadn't been unfaithful it would never have happened so he deserved it.
I attended the ladies only session at the gym for the next few days, as I wasn't sure I could face the men. On the second day I was approached by a woman I recognised as one of the people that had been in the gym the other day. She was about ten years older than I was and still very attractive. "Feeling better now are we love?" She questioned with a knowing smile on her face. "That was quite a little performance you put on." I blushed furiously and stammered what do mean? She laughed warmly and said "Oh don't mind me love, it's just that when I saw you teasing those poor lads it brought back some fond memories for me. She said I used to be a stripper in my younger days and I used to love it."
I was a real exhibitionist but these days I leave it to the younger ones that work for me. I looked at her quizzically and she laughed and said she had an agency that hired out strippers and topless waitress and the like. She put her hand on my arm and said "Look, I won't beat around the bush, I have something to ask you and I hope you won't be offended. I get a lot of requests at the agency for a performer who is a little more mature. It's easy to get the young ones, but as they get a little older they get married, have kids and so on and they leave. I used to do those jobs my self but I'm a bit past it now and I need someone like you." She looked at me intently adding, "especially someone who is capable of doing that little bit extra."
I was completely taken aback by her proposal and hastily started giving making excuses. "I'm not normally like that, it's the first time, and I have never done anything like it before." She looked a little disappointed as she kept staring at me saying "Sorry dear, I didn't mean to embarrass you, it's just that you look like a natural." I didn't know what to say and I blurted out "Look, I'm not offended, really, In fact it's quite flattering to be asked and anyway I'm a little old for such things and I'm sure men wouldn't find me that attractive."
"Oh yes they would," she replied, I saw the look on their faces the other day, not to mention the bulges in their shorts." She added "I also saw the look on your face" and then drew herself closer to me and whispered "I also heard you in the men's locker room. That was quite a performance." I turned beetroot red and stammered hopelessly, lost for words. "Th th the others, I managed to get out. Did they know?" I was so embarrassed that someone else knew. She put her arm around me and said reassuringly "No love, I was the only one. Being in the business that I am I spotted you early and I was suspicious when you walked out with the two men. Then when Patrick came to fetch Bob I knew something was up so I followed them out and listened at the door."
I somehow felt the need to justify my actions so I ended up telling her the whole story. Her name was Rebecca and she was very understanding and afterwards gave me a card saying should I ever change my mind to give her a call. The knowledge that someone else had been aware had a sobering effect on my inhibitions and any thoughts of seeing the men again. However after a few days I found my thoughts continually returning to the events at the gym and as Brian and I were still not having sex I was becoming extremely frustrated. We were talking now as my escapade had dulled my anger somewhat and I was now finding it difficult not to initiate sex. I was actually a little excited about letting him discover my shaven cunt, something that he had wanted me to do for years. He had also wanted to have a threesome inviting another man to join us. I had always steadfastly refused and now it was ironic that his actions had caused his two major fantasies to happen and he was totally oblivious to it all.
A few days later I was totally frustrated. I had been using a vibrator that Brian had bought a year ago hoping I would use it but I had refused at the time and he had left in his wardrobe. It wasn't the same though; I needed cock and plenty of it. I had decided that tonight I would let him back in my bed as I couldn't go on any longer, when fate provided me with a wonderful opportunity.
Brian was a little apprehensive that night and after dinner he said that he needed to talk to me. His manner was making me suspicious and I was a little sharp, as I agreed to talk. He said nervously that Sandra at work was getting married. I bristled at mention of her name. "To whom?" I asked coldly. "To young John in the warehouse at work." he said. "Does he know you were fucking his girlfriend?" I spat at him savagely. He looked at me shocked at my language "No, he stammered he doesn't know and I've told you it's over between us."
"Is that it?" I asked and he replied with a nervous "No, the boys at work want to give him a bucks night and they have asked me to come as they want to have it in the warehouse." "I suppose you expect me to let you loose at a bucks party with some slut of a stripper parading around so you can fuck her as well?" I snapped at him. "No, no!" He said, "I wouldn't touch her, the agency has been given instructions that they stripper was to pay special attention to John." "I suppose she is going to fuck him then?" I said a little less aggressively, as the beginning of an idea hatched in my dirty mind. "I don't know said Brian, the lady at the agency said that it was up to the girl if she would do that "little bit extra" and that we would need to arrange it with her on the night."
"You men are disgusting, I suppose you will all be standing with stiff cocks as you watch this dirty little slut get her cunt filled by some young stud." I said sharply. Brian was bewildered and lost for words; he had never heard me use language like this. "When is it?" I added. "This Friday night." He replied nervously. "I'm going to take a bath and I'll think about it, I said coolly, I just don't know where you get these girls to do these things?" I added trying not to sound too interested. "Just a local agency." he said pulling a card from his jacket pocket. I hid the smile as he showed me a card identical to he one I had in my purse. "Would you mind clearing the kitchen while I take my bath dear," I said almost pleasantly. He agreed quickly as I turned and went upstairs.
I almost tore of my clothes as I entered the bedroom and grabbed the vibrator. I plunged it into my boiling cunt as my thoughts raced about the dirty plan I had brewing. Afterwards I smiled to myself as I told Brian sternly that I didn't mind if he went as long as he promised that, no matter what the girl did or how tempting it might be, he kept his hands to himself. The relief on his face was almost comical as he expressed his gratitude.
The next morning I rang Rebecca and arranged to meet her for coffee that day. I said that I would consider her offer but only if I could do a particular show this Friday night. She looked at me with a puzzled expression, so I explained the situation. She roared with laughter, tears streaming down her cheeks. Once she had regained her composure she said that normally she required her girls to have a lot more training than just a few days however with some intensive training I would be OK because as she had said "I was a natural". The next few days were a frenzy of activity as we made arrangements for an outfit and commenced a hectic training programme.
Rebecca arranged for Paula, one of her top girls to take me through the latest routines and modify them to suit me. It eventually came time to do a complete dress rehearsal, or should I say undress, which made me really nervous. I wasn't sure how I would feel baring everything in a sexually provocative way to a woman. As I commenced I was a little stilted but as I progressed Paula offered word of encouragement and made comments such as, wow you've got a great body Diane, which helped to relax me and give me confidence.
By the time I was ready to remove my G-string I had immersed myself into the role and the exhibitionist in me had taken over. I was becoming highly aroused at the thought of displaying my naked body in all sorts of provocative and explicit poses to anyone who cared to look. Paula was getting quite excited now as well and her comments were becoming cruder by the minute when I removed my G string she whistled at the site of my shaven cunt and said "the lads will love that Diane."
I was now totally naked and cavorting into all sorts of poses such as, spreading my legs and bending forward totally exposing my cunt and laying on my back with my legs spread wide and my fingers teasing my lips which is what I was doing when I lost it. I had become so turned on that I was close to orgasm and became so preoccupied in coming that I was oblivious to Paula being there, I slid one finger into my wet pussy followed quickly by a second and third. The orgasm crashed through me as I writhed on the floor. I had not given any thought to what effect this was having on Paula and it was with a little surprise that I felt a hand on my inner thigh and opened my eyes to find her naked and kneeling between my legs frigging herself furiously. "Have you ever made love to a woman Diane?" She asked softly.
As I shook my head she lent forward and brushed my pussy with her lips pausing just long enough for her tongue to flick out and caress my still throbbing clit. She lifted her head and smiled saying, "Would you like to?" My response was to reach out and push her head down on to tingling pussy. She went to work on me expertly in a way that I'd never experienced before. Her tongue seeming to envelope my clit before darting deeply into my cunt and then sliding along to tickle the sphincter muscle of my arse. The sensations were wonderful and it took no time before I was squealing my way through my second orgasm. I opened my eyes to find her smiling whilst she caressed my breasts with one had while still busy on herself with the other.
She said "it's your turn now." and rolled onto her back opening her legs to reveal a neatly trimmed and very wet pussy. I didn't hesitate and although inexperienced, with a little guidance from Paula, instinct took over and soon Paula was wailing as she reached orgasm. Suddenly the door opened and in walked Rebecca, she was clapping as she said that was some performance girls we might have to think about a double act. She had been watching through a hidden window, as from past experience she knew that too many people in the room could be a little intimidating. "Well Diane you have passed with an "A", I certainly didn't expect that you would go quite so far, you really are a randy one aren't you." as she smiled. "I think your audience tomorrow night will be very pleased, what do you think Paula?" Paula grinned and said "I'd just like to be a fly on the wall."
The next morning I was quite warm towards Brian as he left for work, saying have a good time tonight and remember hands off. He said "I give you my word Diane." I could hardly contain myself as the day dragged on. I spent the afternoon going over my routine before bathing and doing my makeup. As I lay in the bath I smiled to myself at the irony of the situation. Brian had had an affair with Sandra and now I was going to fuck her fiancée. I was getting back at her as well as Brian. I had admitted to myself that I was really no longer angry at Brian and tonight was also intended to be a step towards his fantasy of seeing me fucked by another man, although I wasn't sure how he would handle it being in front of his employees. For that reason I had purchased a wig and tonight I was going to be a fiery redhead.
I rarely went to the office and apart from the odd social function, had no contact with the employees so I felt sure that the wig would be a sufficient disguise. My costume also included a mask, which was for Brian's benefit, as I felt sure that he would recognize me even with the wig. I had decided at the when the moment was right I would remove the mask so that he would know.
I spent the afternoon pampering myself ensuring that I would look my best for the evening, taking particular care with my makeup and making sure that the wig fitted correctly. I had agonised over what to wear to the show before deciding on a black micro mini, with a thin, white cotton blouse that tied in a knot just below my breasts and knee length black boots. I stepped in front off the full-length mirror and smiled. The tart that stood before me was a long way from the well dressed, upper middle class image that I normally portrayed. I added the lightly tinted sunglasses I had purchased to complete the disguise to ensure that Brian didn't recognise me when I arrived. I surveyed myself again and said, "Almost perfect, one minor change required." and proceeded to remove my lacy half cup bra and matching G-string. I had decided that it would be a little more exciting on the journey that way.
Rebecca normally provided a driver who doubled as a minder for these types of shows but given the circumstances I had decided it was not necessary. We had agreed that a taxi would suffice. By the time the taxi driver rang the doorbell to announce his arrival I was quivering with excitement, I had never been this aroused before.
I opened the door and stepped out; the taxi driver gaped before stammering an apology and offering to take the small carry bag containing my costume. I strolled to the car, hips swinging and breasts jiggling as the thin top, which relied solely on the loosely tied knot, struggled to contain them. I had not realised just how transparent it was and my dark pink nipples were clearly visible. The fact that they were rigidly jutting upwards did not help either. The poor driver, who was an elderly little chap, was blushing and attempting to hide his stare he scurried to the car and opened the door. It took little effort on my part to ensure that he got a healthy glimpse of my tits as I slid slowly into the car. I had positioned myself into the middle of the rear seat and smiled as he frantically adjusted his rear vision mirror before setting off.
We made small talk as we drove and I watched his eyes continually glance at the mirror. I noticed that his glances were focussing on my tits and I glanced down to see that my left breast was almost completely exposed. I looked up into the mirror and our eyes locked. "I'm a silly girl I said, I really should get buttons sewn on this, I know I'll end up retying it all night. You don't mind if I do it now do you?" I said innocently and undid it completely letting my breasts swing free before slowly retying the knot. The driver by now was aware that I was teasing him and cheekily commented "you've got lovely tits lady maybe you'd be better of with them out." "Like this you mean." I replied undoing the top again, this time making no attempt to retie it.
We travelled the rest of the way like that and it's a wonder we made it as his eyes were hardly on the road. When we arrived he jumped out and opened the door and stood there grinning as I retied my top. "This one's on the house love." he smiled waiting for me to alight. I put a look of disappointment on my face and said "Oh but I haven't given you your tip." He said "no, no it's on the house." "As you wish." I replied "but could you be a dear and check my heel, I think it's loose." With that I swung my right leg out of the car leaving the other with my foot on the floor of the car. Of course this caused my skirt to ride up totally exposing my naked pussy as he bent to examine my heel. He looked up and smiled saying, "you've made an old man very happy tonight love, and it's been a long time since I've seen anything like this. The boys on the rank are never going to believe this." I just grinned and said, "you never know."
I approached the building and stood at the door to compose myself. My nerves were jangling with a mixture of nervous excitement, fear and arousal. My heart was in my mouth and a little bit of doubt was creeping into my mind. You can still pull out Diane I said to me. Suddenly the door opened and a man appeared in the doorway. "Ahh perfect timing, the boss said to come down and keep a look out, as you would be here soon. We didn't want you getting lost." he said. It was Frank, the assistant manager, I searched his face for any sign of recognition, as he was one of the staff I knew quite well but there was not a hint that he had any idea who I was.
"This way." he said, beckoning me in through the door. Well it was too late now the decision had been made for me. He made no attempt to move forcing me to squeeze past him and as I did he made sure he got a decent squeeze of my tits. Frank followed me into the building and I heard him suck in his breath as he got a better view in the floodlit showroom. "The boys are going to enjoy this." he leered, looking me up and down. I wondered what he'd think if he realised who I was.
"They are out he back in the warehouse, love." he said and led me through the showroom to the warehouse. As we entered the warehouse I saw a group of about a dozen men drinking and laughing. I saw the first few heads turn and suddenly, a chorus of wolf whistles and ribald comments greeted me. God, this was good, being the centre of attraction of so many men, I was beside myself. "Where can I change?" I said to Frank a little hoarsely.
"There's a small office over here you can use." he said leading me into the room. I inspected the room and saw a mirror had been placed on a desk for me. "This will be fine." I said. He made no effort to leave so I smiled at him and said "I'll be right now thanks." "Oh right,\." he said, "sorry!" and moved towards the door. I turned and undid my top aware that he was still standing in the doorway, I half turned giving him a tempting glimpse of my tits as my top hung open and looked at him questioningly. "I forgot to tell you," he gestured, "the boss wants to talk to you about the show." before finally leaving. "Make sure you knock.",\ I called after him knowing full well he wouldn't. I quickly opened my bag and laid out my costume, it was important that I had the mask on before he returned with Brian. With the mask in place and my wig carefully brushed I quickly pulled on my suspender belt, stockings and G-String.
I was standing in front of the mirror when the door opened; it was Frank with Brian in tow. Frank's eyes bulged at the sight of my bare behind; he could also see my tits in the mirror. I was very nervous yet excited as I turned and faced the men making no attempt to cover myself. My heart was pounding at the fact that I was standing semi naked before my husband whilst another man stood beside him ogling me. Brian smiled and said, "You'll do nicely." He stepped forward extending his hand and said "My name is Brian; I'm the owner of this place." I took his hand and in very nervously replied "Hi I'm Flame." in the disguised voice I'd rehearsed. "Very apt." he said looking at my hair. "I wonder if she is a true redhead?" giggled Frank, looking blatantly at my G-String covered crotch. "You'll have to wait to find out." I responded.
Brian continued, "Look tonight's a bucks party for young John out there and we'd like you to really pay some attention to him." "Yes I know, the agency told me that." I answered. Brian smiled and continued "they also said that you might go a little further and do a bit extra." "Just what did you have in mind?" I responded trying to stay calm. "Well," said Brian pausing, "we were wondering whether you would go all the way?" he paused again as I looked at him questioningly, "you know actually screw him." I took half a step back, intending to play the role to the maximum, saying "well we don't usually go quite that far." "Look!" he said quickly, "I'll make it worth your while. Oh it's not just the money," I said, "there might be people out there that know me. I have my reputation to think of you know, taking your clothes of is one thing but fucking someone in public." I hesitated not wanting to sound totally opposed to the idea, "what if my husband found out?" He picked up on my hesitation and said "look we will really make it worth your while." "I don't know I said unsurely, I suppose I could just this once."
He pounced, "thanks I really appreciate this." he smiled and turned to Frank. "Go and tell the boys the show will be on soon." I smiled inwardly, if only he knew what he'd just done. He had bot only begged his wife to fuck another man in public he was going to pay her to do it. He turned back to me and counted out the money saying "that's the standard fee and here the rest for the extras." He then stepped closer and suddenly pulled me to him clamping a hand on my arse and another on my breast saying "how about a little preview for the boss?" You bastard I thought containing my anger, so much for hands off. I let him continue to grope only stopping him when his hand slid down to my crotch. "Not now, later." I breathed and pushed him away giving his cock a gentle squeeze through his pants as I did so. "I have to finish getting ready." He grinned and said "that's a date!" and turned to leave, he hesitated and turned back and said "you know you look a little familiar, have we met before?" "Probably at another show, I've been doing this for years." I lied. He nodded and left.
I sat and composed myself while I finished dressing. Once again I had mixed emotions, I was angry that Brian would do this yet secretly pleased that he found me attractive enough to try, if that makes sense.
A little later the door opened, it was Frank again to see if I was ready, I told him I was and gave him a cassette tape with my music. I waited for the intro music to get under way, drew my breath and stepped out to face my audience. Once again there were plenty of lewd comments and whistles as I moved out amongst the men who had formed a semi circle. I stood before them gyrating and dancing suggestively moving through my routine. I had played up to a number of the men but kept coming back to John, who had been pushed out in the centre.
Giving him special treatment was going to be easy, as he was a real hunk. I was now down to My G-String and bra and I was turned on to the max. I could sense the tension in the room increasing and there was a shout off approval when I draped my bra over John's head. Following the vocal encouragement he was getting he groped for my breasts and I let him play momentarily to the delight of the crowd before pulling away and dancing seductively in front of the others as they ogled me. I peeled off my G-String to a huge roar when they realised my cunt was shaven.
I was in seventh heaven, totally naked in front of a group of men who were all shouting encouragement with lust blazing in their eyes. I moved back to John, gently pushed him to the floor and sat astride him whilst removing his shirt. I turned quickly and removed his shoes with my bum pointing to his face, I knew he could see everything and as expected I felt his hands on my cheeks. I turned and in mock anger slapped his hands away and said, "naughty boy, don't touch." I then quickly removed his jeans leaving him only in his underpants, which were struggling to contain his straining cock. I squeezed it gently and gave it a little kiss to a huge roar before turning back to him. I slid up his body and straddled his chest, then reached forward and pinned his arms to the floor.
He tried to raise his head to reach for my tits, which were swinging above his head; I gasped as he sucked a nipple into his mouth. With my hands still pinning him down I stood, which meant I was bent forward giving the rest of them an excellent view of my arse and cunt. I then squatted over his face and again he raised his mouth to lick and suck at my dripping cunt. The men were going berserk and I was almost ready to come, I forced myself to get up and indicating to John to remain on the floor I rolled onto my back and looked up at the men.
Spreading my legs I used my left hand to open my lips before inserting one finger into my cunt then two followed by the third. I then proceed to bring myself to orgasm using my thumb on my clit. The music ended and there was a short pause as I composed myself. I looked up to see Brian looking at me questioningly, as if to say what about John. I winked at him just as the next set of music started. There was silence as I crawled back to John and removed his underpants pausing to suck his cock as the men began to find their voice again. "I want you to fuck me Johnny boy are you up to it?" I growled huskily at him. I turned and on my hands and knees and faced the men, I looked back over my shoulder at John and wiggled my arse inviting him to come forward.
I turned back to the crowd my eyes searching for Brian; he was standing beside a huge West Indian guy. I smiled and beckoned to the black man to come forward, which he did rapidly. I indicated to him to get his cock out. The crowd was now at fever pitch as they realized I was going to take a cock at each end. My plan was that I would remove the mask just as John entered me and I was about to suck the black cock.
The moment was right, I had the large black cock in my hand stroking it and John was behind me fumbling. I felt the head of his cock push between my cunt lips, he gave a shove and slid into me, my squeal of pleasure was cut short as he moaned and shot his load into my cunt. I was too far gone to stop now so I indicated to the black guy to get behind me and take over which was probably a mistake as I suddenly had another guy proffering his cock to my mouth. I felt a finger work into my cunt as the black guy prepared to enter me and looked up at Brian; he was grinning and cheering like the rest of them.
I reached for the mask and threw it toward Brian. As he caught it he stared at me, I just smiled as I felt the cock thrust into my craving cunt, his jaw dropped as the realisation hit home. I turned and looked over my shoulder to see the large black cock pounding into my pussy before turning back to take the other cock in my mouth. I was in ecstasy being fucked by this large, black man and sucking on another lovely cock which, I now realised belonged to Frank. My husband watching, mouth agape, made it even more enjoyable. The rest of the men were cheering wildly urging the black guy, whose name was Desmond, to "give it to the little slut". Some of them had their cocks out wanking. I was in ecstasy as I revelled in the knowledge that my plans had come to fruition. Here I was, having just displayed my naked body and most intimate parts so blatantly, now being vigorously fucked before a group of strangers, while my husband stood by watching in stunned silence. Revenge was sweet.
Frank didn't last long before groaning and shooting his hot sperm into my mouth. I was unable to swallow it all due to the powerful fucking I was getting and it ran down my chin much to the delight of the men. With Frank out of the way I was able to give my total concentration to my fucker. I screamed at him to fuck me harder, which he did bringing to another powerful orgasm, before shooting his load deep into my pussy which was contracting and squeezing every last drop out of him. I looked at Brian to see that the stunned looked had been replaced with one of pure lust. The obvious bulge in his pants confirmed my thoughts and my hopes on what his reaction might be.
As Desmond's slimy cock slid out of me I rolled onto my back and spread my legs wide, making sure I was facing Brian. I looked directly into his eyes and slowly commenced sliding a finger into my oozing pussy and gyrating my hips with my best "come fuck me" look on my face. A roar went up from the men, someone shouted "Go on boss, she's begging for it." This time he smiled and literally tore off his clothing in his haste to get at me. As he dropped to the floor between my legs ready to mount me, I drew my knees together and smiled saying, "I thought you promised that you wouldn't touch the stripper no matter what happens." "I think it would be fair to say that after your little performance, all bets are off." He replied with a grin.
Brian pushed my legs apart and slid his rampant cock straight into my very wet hole and proceeded to fuck me very vigorously to the delight of the audience. I couldn't remember him feeling so big or so powerful for years. He was so aroused though that it was not long before he too groaned and emptied his load into me. He rolled off me and as we both lay on the floor panting from our exertions I became aware that John had was kneeling beside us. He was still naked but had now fully recovered and was sporting a fresh erection. Suddenly without warning he was over me before either of us had a chance to react obviously intending to make up for his earlier failure.
For Brian this was now a totally different scenario, this time he was aware that it was his wife who was about to be fucked and not some anonymous stripper. It was also apparent that some off the others had similar thoughts to John. I could see the sudden look of dilemma on his face. If he didn't intervene it was tantamount to giving his employees permission to fuck his wife. Yet if he did interfere how would he justify his sudden concern for my well being after his recent actions. He would be seen as being selfish and not being a good sport. In that moment of hesitation the decision was made for him as John slid into me. I heard a few of the men start to argue about who was next, then Brian's voice saying "steady on chaps I don't think we should go that far." Then someone else said "stand aside boss, this one is a good time girl she'll look after all of us. Get in line boys."
John was in control this time and his powerful body was driving his cock into me, renewing my arousal and soon I was swearing at him telling him to fuck me harder as I approached another orgasm. Suddenly I felt him withdraw and I moaned begging him not to stop. I then felt myself being lifted onto the cock of another man who had positioned himself on the floor. Another cock was thrust into my mouth and I felt John work a finger into my arse which was soon replaced by his cock. Three cocks at once, I was being an absolute slut and loving it. I had no idea where Brian was and I didn't care as an orgasm ripped through me. I lost count after that but I know I had every orifice filled repeatedly in combinations of one, two and three. Someone had helped me into the room and I was slumped in the chair exhausted when Brian walked in. I wasn't sure what to expect and at that moment I didn't care. "Well, well," he said, "you've certainly squared the ledger haven't you." "I might actually be a little in front." I said weakly. "I never realised I was married to such a slut, you really are a randy cow aren't you Diane, or should I call you Flame."
Later that night we lay in bed discussing the events of the evening and I stunned Brian by also telling him about what happened at the gym. I noticed that he was becoming aroused as I told him of the events and how the men had totally controlled me and that they intended to have me again. It was then that I realised that I now had some kind of power over him and I decided to test just how far I could go. "You like the thought of all those men fucking your dirty little slut of a wife don't you Brian?" I saw his cock twitch and he groaned and nodded.
"What would all your employees say if they knew who it was that they were all fucking tonight?" I continued. "You want to fuck me again don't you?" He was very hoarse as groaned his reply of yes. "Well you are going to have to beg because I'm very tender after all those men have had their way with me. In fact you are going to have to lick me clean and suck any come that is left in my poor little cunt. You want to do that don't you Brian?" He was beside himself as he begged and nodded. "You are going to have to make me come before you can fuck me." I said slowly spreading my legs.
He was now in my control so I continued. "Things are going to be different now Brian, something in me has been awakened and it not going to go away. Lots of men are going to be fucking me from now on and some women." He gasped. As I continued, "yes I said, I've fucked a woman as well. If you're a good boy I might let you watch and if you're really nice to me I might even let you join in. Would you like that Brian?" I asked with a smirk on my face. His eyes were blazing with lust and he was stroking his cock. If you are happy with these arrangements you can get to work I smiled, opening my legs further.
He was like an animal as he threw himself between my thighs and began to feverishly lick and suck at my red and tender cunt. Our life is now totally different and now revolves around sex. I have continued my career as a stripper on a part time basis and really enjoy doing double acts with Paula. Brian acts as my driver so he gets to see the shows. I have even arranged a threesome at home with Paula and Brian and let him fuck her. I regularly fuck men either on their own or in groups. I pick up total strangers in bars, and have become a real expert at flashing my body in public.
Who knows, I may get up to enough adventures to write another story here. Love Diane