2
The events of the previous night played back in my head as I showered the next morning. The godly Christine's confession of sinful activity with her earthly boyfriend Eric; the swelling cleavage and hard nipples of Rachel pushing the boundaries of a girl who as far as I knew had never even kissed a boy; the soft orgasmic cries of Steph, my step sister Alex's best friend and our upstairs neighbor; and then there was Rachel's "promposal" that I of course said yes to as I floated back to earth from a mind-shattering masturbatory climax. I had a prom date! It wasn't for MY prom (I'd deal with that when I dealt with it), but it was a prom date nonetheless. I toweled off and peeked out through the blinds of the bathroom window, hoping to catch a glimpse of Sarah, my gorgeous redheaded neighbor with the perfect tits, but alas she must have already left for school.
I descended the stairs and found Alex and Steph in a tight hug, the two lamenting the fact that they'd be separated for the next few months as Alex was headed back to college, her spring break now over. I wondered about them. They were close. Very close. And even now, their hands touched each other in a way that was innocent enough to the rest of the world, but to an eighteen year old, horned-up virgin like me it seemed very...intimate. When I snapped out of my ogling, I was slightly mortified to see Steph's eyes cracked open in her embrace and looking right at me.
I said my goodbyes to Alex and was on my way out when I heard a voice call from behind me.
"Hey, Timmy, wait up!" It was Steph. Ugh, and she called me Timmy. "Could you give me a ride to work? I'm late."
She was dressed in an unflattering two-tone combination of polo shirt and slacks, golden blonde hair up in a messy bun; it was the ever-bland uniform of the coffee shop barista. Steph was taking a year off, after a disappointing freshman outing at the local state college. While she was thinking over her future as a higher education student, she grabbed whatever job she could find to help make ends meet while still living with her parents.
"Yeah, sure, hop in," I said. She slid in through the driver's side of the old boat of a sedan that I drove, lifting up the arm rest to shimmy across the bench seat to the passenger side. She turned toward me as I got in.
"So," she started as she laid out her long legs, placing her feet onto my thigh, mere inches from my cock, "you've finally got me all to yourself in this big roomy car...what're you gonna do to me?" A slight grin and a cocked eyebrow followed.
There were lots of things I wanted to say. This girl, this older woman, had teased me as long as I could remember, and as she grew older and her tits got fuller and her ass got rounder, I was the first one to get the test run of all her newfound sexual confidence. In the summers, when she and Alex traipsed around in bikinis, I knew Steph was bending over extra far for me when she'd get drinks out of the fridge, making sure to arch her back when she knew I was looking. I was the guinea pig for her feminine wiles, and she knew she had me by the balls.
"I'm going to drive you to work, Steph," I flatly intoned. I WANTED to say I was going to spread those toned, volleyball player legs and lick her pussy until I heard those heavenly moans of hers up close and personal--that sexy short-short-long release of pleasure I knew so well at this point; that erotic sound of release that drifted down through the floorboards when she would finally cum. But I didn't, because my only defense against her teasing was to play it as cool as possible.
"I wanted to talk to you about something, Timmy." My mouth went slightly dry. For a moment I panicked, wondering if she knew what I had heard last night. Had SHE heard ME? Had I unknowingly let out an audible moan as I shot my load, thinking about her hot, spasming pussy mere feet above my head?
"I don't know if Alex mentioned it at all to you, but I really want to be able to transfer to Alex's school next year. In order to do that, I really need to nail this final credit class I've been taking, and so far I am...not. So...I was wondering if you could help me out with some school stuff. Like a tutor."
Well this was unexpected. I was headed to college for writing in the fall, so that'll tell you right there that I wasn't an academic whizz, but I guess you could say I knew my way around a textbook. I was happy to help a family friend, but as I thought about it, I realized this put me in a very interesting position. For the first time in my life, I had the upper hand on Steph. Now, I wasn't going to be a TOTAL creep about it, but I did think of a way to use it to my advantage, a way to make up for years of teasing.
"Yeah no problem at all," I replied, "but I want something from you in return."
"I can't pay you much, but sure"
"Not money," I said, looking her in the eye as I rolled to a stop in front of her coffee shop.
"Listen, Tim, don't get any ideas, I'm not paying you with blowjobs or something, so forget it." She called me Tim, not Timmy. She was holding her breath, but her feet didn't move from my thigh.
"Come on, don't be crazy, I don't want that," I chuckled, "I want you to go to the prom with me." I felt her exhale in relief.
"The prom? That's it?" She laughed, relieved, "sure, Timmy, I'll go to the prom with you." She gathered her things as she started to leave.
"But I want you to wear something slutty," I called after her. She paused, giving me a look that told me she understood what I was up to.
"Something slutty, huh? So you can look like a big man in front of your buddies?"
"Something like that," I smiled.
She paused a moment, considering, and then leaned close in. She ran a finger down my cheek. Her polo shirt hung off her body, the top buttons undone. I could see the swell of her supple breasts, hugged by her black bra. "Tell you what: you help me get an A and I'll wear something so hot there won't be a soft cock in the whole class.
My mouth was like the Sahara. I snapped out of it as she playfully slapped me in my stupid slack-jawed face. The power was hers once again.
"So why don't you pick me up after work and we can get started tonight!"
"Y-yeah...sounds good..." my cock was iron. She popped her head back in right before she left and gave me a knowing smile.
"Thanks, Timmy." And then she was gone. I watched her perfect ass swish away before I drove off, balls blue once again, and late for class.
School was dull, but my sexual frustration was ever present as I was caught in the seemingly unending parade of perky teenage tits, tight teenage asses, and pouty glossy lips. All so close, but also so, so, far away. The only highlight was creative writing class. The teacher, Ms. Dorman, was a recently engaged 28 year old with thick-rimmed glasses and a beaming smile. Always dressed fashionably but not provocatively, she was the epitome of cute. She had a way of making friends with the more dedicated students, so I, along with my good friend Tara, had become more than students at this point, almost like peers. This meant that as graduating seniors, Tara and I could spend our time in class taking it easy and catching up with each other.
"So you went from having zero prom dates to having TWO prom dates in less than twelve hours? Miller, you dog, that's amazing!" She cackled, clapping in celebration. A raven-haired, pale-skinned, classic "art school" type, I had lusted after her for a long time, but I could never tell if it was the lust of true attraction, or simply a result of the fact that I was a horny teenager, and she was the closest female who talked to me regularly. Either way I chose to push that aside and focus on the fact that she was one of my closest friends. That didn't mean the lust ever fully went away, though.
Casually goth but full of sexual confidence, Tara never shied away from accessorizing to accent her considerable assets. Today, slim, black jeans with strategic tears in them framed her tight curves. Long necklaces wrapped around her neck and plunged into the deep cleavage of her perfect D-cup tits, tits cradled by a tight, bustier top. And they WERE perfect tits. I knew this because Tara was also the closest thing I had ever had to a sexual partner.
Close friends that we were, we talked about anything and everything, and being two horned up teens, our conversations would always inevitably skew dirty. Tara was the sexy scenester girl that seemingly everyone wanted to fuck, jock or nerd, male or female, and she loved the buffet of options before her. A theater nerd here, a football player there, she always seemed to have some new perversion or experience she wanted to share. We were still awkward kids, however, so as a way to diffuse the awkwardness we developed a method of discussion to match our maturity: truth or dare.
We learned a lot about each others' sexual lives through truth or dare, and it allowed us an element of comfort that brought out total honesty. Through truth or dare Tara told me the most personal of things, things like the fact that she loves to suck cock, and that one time our class valedictorian Suzie Travino almost went down on her. It also coaxed her into showing me her vibrator, the one with the one-two-three, one-two-three buzzing pattern she liked. Not to be undone, but with much less direct experience to relay, I in kind told her about what kind of porn I watched, the time I came in my pants at a church youth camping trip, and how I jerked off to the sounds of Steph orgasming a floor above me, among other things. Nothing was off limits.
The night of her eighteenth birthday party, she and I were the only ones left, and we were lounging in the dim light of her finished basement, recounting the events of the evening while delightfully buzzed on over-boozed punch. We laughed about the chaste game of strip poker that broke out but ended before any nudity happened, and how high school jock Ben Pepper hung around way past his welcome, clearly expecting something to happen with Tara. Her eyes sort of drifted far away at the thought, so I took the opportunity.
"Truth or dare?" I lobbed at her. She looked at me from her seat on the floor, arms draped in such a way that the tops of her heavy tits casually pushed out through the opening of her tight button down, creating some excellent cleavage.
"Truth," She smiled.
"What exactly was Ben expecting that made him stick around so long?" I inquired. She playfully bit her thumbnail in slight embarrassment.
"Another blow job probably."
"Another?"
"Yeah...he'd been after me for a while, and since Friday was my actual birthday, and I was a little drunk, I told him after the game I wanted to blow out his candle."
"You did NOT say that," I said in disbelief.
"I did!" She cackled, embarrassed, "so we drove out to The Spot, and started making out. It was all getting me going, so I took out his cock and started sucking..." she trailed off.
"But?"
"But...it was less of a candle and more of a damp noodle. I must have sucked his dick for 15 minutes but nothing happened! He told me to stop and tried to get it going himself, but no dice--I had my tits out and I was rubbing them and being all sexy, but nothing worked! Finally we just gave up and he drove me home." She looked wistful for a moment. "Funny thing is, I had always wanted to see a guy jerk himself off. What a disappointment.
"Ha! Yeah, you're not missing much," I replied, my hardening cock insisting I picture Tara lustfully rubbing her firm tits in my mind's eye. A short silence hung in the air, until Tara broke it with a question.
"Truth or dare?" She said, sipping her punch.
"Truth!" I proclaimed. Tara made a disappointed face.
"Boooo, Miller!" She jeered. I found it extremely sexy when she'd call me by my last name. "It's my birthday, come on!"
Still buzzed from the evening's festivities, I gave in. "Fine, fine, dare!"
She smiled, and climbed up onto the couch next to me.
"I dare you," she started, "and remember it IS my BIRTHDAY..."
"Uh oh..."
"...I dare you...to jerk off for me."
Time froze as I processed the request.
"...WHAT?" Responding to my hesitation, she shifted herself closer to me, her spilling cleavage inches from me now. I did my best not to look.
"Yeah, I mean...like I said, I've never seen it before, and Ben was a dud, so...why not?
It was a great question. I had jerked off thinking about her plenty of times on my own after our truth or dare sessions. I'd stroke furiously while I thought about my good friend Tara, the goth girl with the fantastic tits, on her knees slurping away on a big dick, or legs spread with Suzie Travino's face in her pussy, or getting fucked in any which way her wet pussy wanted to take it. But this was different...right? I mean, she was actually here!
"Why don't you ask one of your actual fuckboys to do it?" I said, trying to play it cool, while also unconsciously shifting myself to try and diffuse the tingle in my balls.
"Because...asking a guy just to let me watch him jerk off is kinda weird, isn't it? I mean they already think I'm a freak, but...I don't know. It's a kind of intimacy I don't think they'd be ready for. I trust you, and I know you won't try to jump me or anything.
"Tara, I don't know, I've never...in front of anyone..."
"It's a lot, I know, I promise I won't touch you or anything," she added, sliding away to the corner of the couch, out of arms' reach. Yeah, god forbid she actually TOUCH me..."this isn't foreplay, I just...want to see what it's like."
I stared her in the eye in silence. She was serious. I went over the implications in my mind. Would this ruin things between us? Would it make things better? Was I overthinking it?
She looked back at me. Perched on her knees at attention, I watched her nervously fidget with the fishnet stockings she wore under her black denim short shorts. I could see the faint outline of hardening nipples through the fabric of her button down.
Slowly, under the low mood lighting of Tara's basement, I reached down, unbuttoned my pants, unzipped, and pulled out my cock. I looked at Tara, but her eyes were fixed elsewhere. Her tongue slowly ran back and forth across her bottom lip as I began to stroke.
Now, after all this talk, you'd think I'd be rock hard, but I was...not. I don't know if it was the booze, or the stress, or the awkwardness of the situation, but my team was not immediately ready to play.
"I'm sorry, Tara, this is just a little too uncomfortable, I don't know if I can..."
"I know, I sprung it on you," she mused. Pausing in thought, suddenly a wry smirk flashed on her face. "I know this is awkward, and you know what? Fair is fair."
Her hands drifted up to the buttons on her shirt, and began to undo one after the other at a tantalizingly slow pace. When she reached the last one, she ran her hands up the exposed skin of her stomach, over the glorious, protruding cleavage presented by her black push up bra, convening them at the clasp that lay between her breasts.
She paused there a moment, then undid the clasp, pulling the cups away like Moses parting the red sea, revealing to me the most perfect set of full, milky white tits I had ever seen--the first set I had actually seen in person. Full, but still firm, and topped with two hard, pink nipples, they had the most wonderful jiggle to them as she took her shirt and bra all the way off. They were works of art. Settling back into her corner of the couch, tits fully on display, she looked at me. Our eyes met in a silent confirmation of "this is really happening," then hers drifted downward toward my cock.
"There. That's more like it," she said through a wry smile. I was now rock hard. I began to slowly stroke as I took in the vision before me. Tara was entranced.
"You know, and I'm not just saying this Tim...but you have a fantastic cock," she said in a manner almost clinical, but the way she subtly shifted her body closer implied her interest was more than academic. Either way I felt it throb hard and proud in my hand.
I continued to stroke as my good friend watched, my head darting back and forth from her exposed chest to anywhere else in the room, in a vain attempt to avoid staring at her exquisite eighteen year old tits.
"It's ok to stare, Tim," she said, her breasts giving an erotic shimmy as she shifted a bit closer, "it's why I took them out." I gave in and looked directly at them, cock throbbing in approval; but it wasn't just her tits--it was the whole package. Her short, dark hair framing her face, accenting her thick, back eyeliner; the sheen of her wet lips as her tongue periodically slid across them; the choker she wore tight around her neck; the ridge of her collar bone catching the low light, its cast shadow creating a frame for the works of art on her chest; the position she sat in, legs tucked under almost like a pinup model, her curves a winding highway that ran over her petite waist, around the flare of her hips, and down her coiled legs.
I heard a sudden intake of breath as the first pearl of precum crested the head of my cock and dripped down the shaft. She was as turned on as I was, she was just trying to play it cool.
I decided to give her her money's worth, and pulled out every masturbatory trick in my book. Trading off hands, pausing periodically to rub my balls, massaging that magic space just behind them; Tara was eating it up. Hypnotized by my self pleasure, she drifted one hand down to her right breast, and began a soft, instinctual stroking of her nipple that she didn't even realize she was doing. More precum ran down my shaft as my cock throbbed.
Suddenly breaking her own trance, and realizing what she was doing, I think she decided this needed to wrap up before things got too out of hand, because what she did next was an expert-level execution of almost instant orgasm.
"You know, if you're still not fully comfortable, I can set the stage for you even better if you'd like," she cooed as she shifted closer to me still, now just inches away as I stroked my cock just for her. "Just close your eyes and picture yourself at home in your bedroom,."
Not wanting to take my eyes off those amazing tits, but also too far down the pleasure path to argue, I shut my eyes.
"There you are, just stroking away at your fantastic cock...when suddenly you hear something coming from upstairs." She leaned in close to my ear.
My eyes snapped open as soft moans of pleasure spilt from Tara's mouth to my ears. She was mimicking Steph's forbidden sex sounds, the sounds that had driven my dick to explode harder than anything else ever had up to that point.
"That's not fair!" I pleaded but she didn't stop, and neither did I. She continued her performance, orgasmically cooing into my ear, matching my speed as I stroked faster and faster, my cock vibrating as the precum flowed. My breath grew ragged, Tara's moans grew louder, and as I reached the edge, the point of no return, Tara mimicked perfectly the unique cry of Steph's orgasm--the short, short, long moan of ecstasy that accompanied her spasming pussy.
"Jesus Christ, Tara!" I cried as I clenched my eyes, and my balls erupted. I audibly moaned, and jerked as a torrent of hot cum launched its way up the shaft of my cock and into the open air right in front of Tara's face, four, five, six, times.
"Oh wow!" I heard Tara say through my orgasmic haze, followed by another "wow" and "There's so much!" as my cum kept pumping.
Hand and cock slick with jizz, I stroked to completion, slowly coming back to earth as the pulses in my cock got further and further apart. Spent, I let out a deep breath. My hand, crotch and stomach were absolutely drenched. I looked over at Tara, who hadn't moved an inch. She was taking it all in.
"That was...AWESOME, Miller--you got a real talent there!" she finally said, smiling. I laughed a relieved laugh and relaxed. "Here, clean yourself up," she said, reaching down and handing me her discarded blouse. I began to wipe her shirt all over my cock, but stopped as my eyes drifted over and landed once again on her beautiful breasts. A glint of light reflected off something wet. In my orgasmic explosion, a stray dollop of cum had landed on the inside of Tara's left breast, and had left a small, shimmering trail as it dripped down into the valley between them. My cock throbbed one last time.
She caught my gaze, looking down to see what I saw. She smiled that wry smile, and leaned in, kissing me on the side of the head, her hard nipples ever so slightly brushing my arm.
"Thanks for a great birthday," she whispered, and got up, gathering her clothes, and headed toward her bedroom to change. "Feel free to clean up in the bathroom, I'll be out in a minute."
I did my best to make myself look presentable, all the time thinking about what had just occurred. My friend, the object of lust of many classmates of mine, just asked me to jerk off for her, and I did it. She showed me her tits. I thought of the stray drop of my cum that hugged their curves.
I shook it off and left the bathroom, but Tara was still nowhere to be seen. I wandered over to her bedroom door and was about to knock, but halted as I heard the faint sound of buzzing coming from inside. A distinct one, two, three, one, two, three, pulsing buzzing pattern, at that. I went back to the couch and waited for Tara to return. Or maybe finish. It was quite an evening, and somehow managed to bring us even closer as friends.
After school, Tara and I went to the mall to hang out. Chatting in the food court over a soda and some fries, we continued our dissection of my new prom-related situation.
"I mean it's a fun place to be in I guess, but it's not like it's going to lead anywhere--I've pretty much guaranteed my virginity stays intact on prom night," I bemoaned.
"Jesus Christ, Miller, how blind are you?" My face scrunched at the accusation "This girl Rachel basically showed you her tits to convince you to go, and Steph seemed to accept the terms of your partnership very quickly. I'd say your chances are much less than zero."
"I don't know...Rachel is just such a straight-laced church girl...as much as I'd love to see those tits of hers in the flesh, I don't see it happening. And Steph...Steph gets off on teasing me. She always has. I expect her to do just enough to get me hot and bothered, then leave me high and dry."
"Maybe...maybe not, is all I'm saying."
Truth was, I would have loved it if Tara was my date for the prom. She and I never had a bad time together, and for an event like the senior prom, I really wanted to be there with someone who wanted to be there with me. I would never go so far as to assume anything other than a platonic date would take place, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't hope the romance of the evening unearthed some feelings between us that were...LESS than platonic. Unfortunately, she got snatched up almost immediately by this guy Chris, one of a few potential suitors she had been "talking to" lately, and I was left to figure out an alternative.
We sat in a comfortable silence for a moment. I watched her gaze travel across the room as she languidly tongued a french fry. Bud Pepper was with some of his fellow teammates, and he was trying to be sly as he cast eyes back at Tara.
"Hey, you gotta pick Steph up soon, right? We should probably go," she said suddenly. I agreed, taking note of the incident.
When I got home I practically sprinted up to my room, locked the door, and pulled my achingly hard cock out of my pants. I breathed a sigh of relief, and as I started stroking, I thought back to the car ride with Tara, to the moments before we picked up Steph. As we drove, Tara was unusually quiet, so I gave her the opportunity to vent.
"Bud is still after you, huh?" I chuckled in disbelief, "can't that guy take a hint?"
"Wellllllll..." her voice trailed off, that trademark smirk forming on her lips.
"Taraaa..." I droned, in semi-disbelief.
"It's nothing!"
"Truth or dare, Tara!"
"DARE!" She said defiantly, trying to swerve my question.
"Fine--I DARE you to tell me what's going on with you and Bud!"
"Ok, ok!" she said, giving an exasperated sigh, "He texted me on Saturday night."
"...And..."
"...and I met up with him after my parents went to sleep." My cock twitched.
"...aaaand..."
"Aaaaaaand I might have...sucked his dick again." Theeeere it was!
"Wow! I'm surprised; it didn't sound like you were too interested after last time"
"I honestly wasn't, but I was really, really horny, so I figured what the hell."
"Well what happened? Was it better this time?"
"It was better, definitely. It was almost great, but then he ruined it."
"What happened?"
"Well we drove out to The Spot and started making out, and he was all over me. Rubbing my tits, grabbing my ass, rubbing my pussy through my shorts, the whole nine, so I backed him off for a second and laid down some ground rules."
"Because last time was a dud?"
"Exactly. I told him that I wasn't touching his dick until he got me off first. What happened last time was no big deal, but I wasn't gonna keep doing this if I wasn't getting anything out of it. I wasn't that invested." My pants grew tighter as she talked.
"How'd that go over?"
"About thirty seconds later he had two fingers in my pussy and his mouth on my nipple." I shifted slightly in my seat. Out of the corner of my eye I saw that smirk. She caught me.
"Problem was, he wasn't very good at it. No technique, just sorta rubbing all over the place, so I put my hands on his face to stop him, looked him in the eye, then gently pushed his head down toward my crotch. He got the hint. I said 'good boy.'"
I was trying to focus on the road as my mind took me on a divergent path thinking about my sexy friend taking a bit of a dominant role with this alpha male jock, lying there like a queen while her fuckboy lapped at her wet cunt. I imagined him sliding his fingers in and out, covered in her sweet juices, and the little moans she might make when he hit just the right spot. I thought of her squeezing her own fantastic tits, gently rubbing her nipples the way she did while watching me jerk off.
"So you got what you wanted then?"
"Yes and no. Honestly he just...he just had no idea what he was doing. I mean, you give me a tongue and I'll get off every time, but I had to do most of the work myself. I might have scared him a bit though."
"Oh?"
"Yeah...I made him get on his back so I could straddle his face. I grabbed a handful of his hair and just ground my pussy all over his tongue. I just...straight up fucked his face."
"Oh wow." Oh wow was right. I had an iron bar in my pants.
"It was working though," she said whistfully, "I fucked his face, making sure his tongue hit the right spots, and let my mind drift to more arousing imagery."
"Such as?" It was a reach to ask, but I was in too deep now.
"Just other things...past experiences...past...visual stimuli..." I thought I saw her eyes flick down momentarily to my crotch. "Between that and the fingers inside me, it didn't take me long to cum. It was...nice."
My balls were boiling at this point. The image of my friend Tara, the goth sex kitten, straddling Bud Pepper, her perfect tits spilling out while she fucked his face for her own pleasure caused sweat to form in the middle of my back.
I imagined her gripping his hair, running her clit back and forth over his tongue, eyes shut tight in ecstasy, climbing toward climax, until she cried out in orgasm, her tight pussy pulsating on the fat fingers pistoning inside her.
"Well that's good," I said, trying desperately not to reveal my heightened state of stimulation, "so I assume you kept your part of the deal too?"
"Of course! I was looking forward to it--you know how I love a challenge almost as much as I love sucking cock, and I had some unfinished business."
"And I assume he had no trouble this time?" My mouth was dry.
"Actually he did." She grew a little pensive. "I could tell he was trying too hard, so I told him just to close his eyes and relax."
"And?"
"And that definitely got the ball rolling. I love feeling a dick get hard in my mouth, so when I felt that boy getting bigger, God, my pussy was just DRENCHED. Even more so because he kept getting bigger...and bigger...and bigger..."
"Seriously?" The erotic fog in my brain parted momentarily as now I was just legitimately interested in the spectacle.
"Yeah, Miller, his dick was HUGE."
"Well now I'm just jealous!"
"I said his dick was huge, not FANTASTIC," she said, that wry smile coming back to her lips.
"Could you, you know..."
"No, I think I got maybe half of it in? It was a little frustrating but, God, I was just drooling all over this thing, I was so fucking horny for it. It was like I NEEDED it in my mouth. At that moment my sole job on this planet was to get this cock to cum." Her thighs squeezed together as the memory rolled through her mind.
Rolling through MY mind was the thought of Tara on her knees in a car not too different from mine, her wet, dripping pussy bouncing in the air, while she slid this huge cock in and out of her mouth, salivating like it was her last meal. I thought about her tongue running over the head as her hands pumped his throbbing veiny rod. I thought about her desperately trying to fit it all in her mouth, about her feeling its heft on her face as she sucked his balls.
"I was doing my best, trust me, my BEST, but something still wasn't right. He just wasn't all the way hard. So I pulled out the secret weapon." I couldn't wait to hear what it was. Did she rub him between her tits? Did she fuck him?
"I had the head in my mouth, one hand pumping his shaft, and then I slowly and gently ran my other hand down, over and past his balls, and gently pressed his asshole with my finger."
"And...he liked it?" I could literally feel my cock leaking precum in my pants now. If I shifted too hard in the wrong direction, It would be the camping trip all over again.
"His cock got so hard, so fast, that he almost impaled me. So, I just start pressing on it over and over, like morse code or something, and he's moaning, and twitching, and I can feel his cock getting stiffer in my mouth, and his balls are tightening, so at juuust the right moment, I push my finger in his ass up to the first knuckle, and he-ex--PLODES. There was so much cum, I think I only managed to swallow half of it before I got overwhelmed and just jerked the rest out with my hands. It was ALL OVER me.I felt GOOD though. I DID IT."
In my room, remembering this story as I frantically stroke my cock, this is the moment that puts me over the edge. I think about Tara, her dark lipstick smeared with juices, hanging on for dear life as this huge cock erupts hot, white semen into her salivating mouth. I think about her stroking and sucking, and the feeling of satisfaction she felt as his dick spasmed and pulsed, spasmed and pulsed, over and over, feeding her the milky reward she wanted so badly. Then I think about her having to pull off, overwhelmed by the volume this behemoth honored her with, and I picture her wry, satisfied smile, lips and chin streaked in spurting cum. White lava flowing down his thick trunk, over the black nail polish on her skillful fingers. His cum cresting through the air and spattering her perfect tits, just like mine had, slowly caressing their contours as it drips down into the space between them, just like mine had.
I groan. I tense. I cum.
In my post-orgasmic haze, I think back to the rest of the conversation, and for a moment I feel guilty in my pleasure. She had said earlier that it was ALMOST great, but that Bud had ruined it. After a silence that you could cut with a knife, where I think we both needed a moment to adjust to the arousal this story was creating, she explained why.
"So there I am, drenched in his jizz, loving it, feeling like a million bucks, and he just says..." She paused, a sudden influx of emotion catching her off guard, "...he says ' wow. You're just as good as they said you'd be.'"
My dick started to deflate
"I was on the top of the world and in a split second he made me feel like a cheap whore." She didn't cry, but her emotions definitely bubbled to the surface. She gazed out the window blankly for a moment. I'd say I was at a loss for words, but really I just knew that at that moment anything I said would do much less than help.
"But hey, you live and you learn, right? At least I got to cum!" Just like that she was back. I just chuckled, trying to process everything, trying to separate my horniness from the fact that this asshole treated one of my best friends like dog shit. We pulled up to Steph's coffee shop, and parked.
"Listen, Tara, I..."
"Forget about it, Miller," she smiled, "I already have."
I knew she was lying, but I didn't press the issue.
"Is that her?" Tara pointed as Steph stepped out of the shop, looking around for my car.
"Yep." I flashed my lights at her, and she smiled as she came bounding over. Her smile quickly turned to a confused frown as she opened the passenger side door, revealing an unexpected Tara.
"Hey there Steph, I'm Tara," she beamed, "Tim's fuck buddy!" Steph's face scrunched.
"Tara! Goddamn it!" Tara just giggled and climbed over the front seat into the back. "Come on in, Steph, that's Tara, my asshole friend."
"Mmhmm...am I interrupting something?" She said as she slid into the car, flipping up the arm rest and replacing it with her bag.
"Absolutely not. I was just about to drop this jerk back home." I said. Tara chuckled.
The ride to Tara's was uneventful, and we chatted casually. When Tara left to get out, she said her "nice to meet you's" to Steph and asked me to help her get her stuff out of the trunk. Tara didn't have any stuff in the trunk. Going around the back of the car, I opened up the trunk, blocking the view from inside the car.
"What's going on, Tara?"
"I just wanted to tell you to be careful with her. I think she likes you more than she lets on."
"No way, she just likes teasing me." I said, shaking it off. Tara cocked an eyebrow.
"Oh yeah? Did you see that smile drop off her face when she saw me in the car? Or when I said we were fuck buddies?" I just shook my head and laughed.
"I don't know anyone who would react normally to a surprise like that!"
"Well how about when she flipped up the arm rest between you? That's some body language right there, boy." I paused, but still wasn't convinced.
"Nah, I don't think so...it's fine, Tara, really." Giving up, she put her hand on my arm, and slid it down to grab my hand gently.
"Ok, ok, just...keep your antennae up, huh?" She was a good friend.
"Sure."
"Good!" She punched me in the shoulder and chuckled before jogging off. She was an asshole friend.
I sat in my room, cleaning up the spent cum from my now flaccid dick, thinking about everything Tara said tonight. I thought about Steph, and the possibility that maybe she was actually into me. I had to put it out of my head though, as I was about to head up to her unit for our first tutoring session.
My computer dinged as a message from Rachel popped up on the screen. My cock twitched. I ignored it. I was late.