We'd been out for the evening with Kaz and Vic, long term friends of ours.
Kaz and Vic were a bit "free range". Kaz had married Vic when she was a young nurse and he was a young doctor. Kaz had a wild side, a very wild side and while we were kept in the dark about most of it, we kept being fed snippets about Kaz's wanderings, both male and female. Vic seemed to be up for it, he'd even forgiven her when she gave him Chlamydia after a trip to Morocco! She been with one of her female friends, on what was obviously a fuck fest! Kaz was a goer of magnificent proportions.
We'd packed the kids off to their grandmother's house and went out with the express intention of having a good time. Sadly, my other half, Ursula is reserved. Reserved to the point of it being suffocating. Very occasionally, a flash of another altogether more sexual, woman would appear from deep inside her but as soon as it appeared it would disappear. In an effort to remove one of the barriers, I'd been vasectomised after our second child, but it made no difference. I just have to wait for those occasional flashes.
I was always the one that wanted more -- more sex, more interesting sex, in more interesting places. Life has been interminably frustrating as Ursula is 5' 8" and a very tidy eight and a half stone. She has upward tilted nipples on a pert pair of breasts and, after much persuasion a very heavily trimmed bush. So trimmed now, that she may as well lose the bit that's left -- but that would be "rude".
But she still hangs back. I worked out years ago that alcohol was the answer and would routinely get her drunk on a Saturday night to push her past her inhibitions. Occasionally, she'd sit directly behind the taxi driver on the way home, slide off her pants and hitch her dress up those long legs of hers, exposing the lace tops of the stockings I'd persuaded her to wear on our nights out. She'd masturbate in the taxi for me, and quite likely the driver, who must surely have been able to pick up the sweet scent of moist pussy. Then we'd dive in the house and fuck like crazy. Unsubtle sex, but wholesome. The exhibitionism thing obviously turned her on, even if she wouldn't admit it. But, on almost all other occasions she'd refuse point blank to even be touched. I've never worked it out.
It's a familiar story isn't it?
Unusually, Kaz fizzled out early that night. Usually, she could drink JD and Coke 'til the cows came home but not tonight. (I look back and wonder). Leaving us to get home from their house. Vic usually didn't drink and tonight was no exception, so he gave us a lift home and came in for a coffee because he wasn't ready to finish the night. We sat chatting in the living room for a while and I went to make the coffee. I'd been fiddling about a while, went for a pee and then returned to the kitchen. Things were awfully quiet in the living room. The solid wooden door obscured the view but, through the door hinge side I could see Ursula and Vic deeply involved in deep tongue kissing. My heart nearly jumped out of my chest.
I wasn't mad. I was as turned on as hell. Do I walk in? Do I leave them to it? Do I watch? I wondered if they thought I'd gone off to bed because I'd been quiet for a while. Still they kept at it. Ursula wasn't usually a snogger, but she certainly loved this. Their hands wandered all over each other as her stroked her, her engorged nipples pushed at the lightweight fabric of her dress. He rolled them with forefinger and thumb, making her quirm with delight.
My heart pounded and pounded. My erection strained at my pants. This was so dirty. Watching through the door jamb gave a deliciously restricted view of the proceedings. He popped a couple of buttons on her dress and I could see flesh. He kneaded it like fresh dough. Again, Ursula writhed with pleasure. Would she continue and go all the way with him? My usually, but not always, shy wife. My excitement took over - I elected to walk in. I wish now I hadn't. I wish I'd let them carry on and watched. I merely walked into the room and stood watching them. To my amazement, Ursula looked me in the eye and said "I suppose I'm in trouble now". She was quite the opposite! I had never been so excited. My heart pounded and pounded.
Calmly, she stood up and clasped my hand. She held Vic's in the other hand and led us both up the stairs to our bedroom. Once there, she turned, finished the unbuttoning of her dress and let it fall to the ground revealing the black lace underwear she'd been wearing. Her pants were wet with anticipation. She simply unclasped her bra and threw it to one side. Her nipples stood up like bullets. Next she slipped her thumbs into the damp lace pants and slid them down, revealing her wet pussy. She hopped on the bed and lay there stroking it. "Come on then!" she called to the pair of us.
We were all over her. She bucked and writhed as we sucked and licked her. She squirmed as we took turns to present cock to her mouth, mine uncut, his circumcised and a bit fatter. Greedily she gobbled and slurped. As she sucked him, I would watch in wonder. As she sucked me he would reciprocate. We writhed on the bed in a mass of arms, legs and sexual organs. Ursula ended up on all fours, Vic's throbbing cock in her mouth as I pounded her from behind. Next she was on him, deeply impaled on his cock, rocking back and forth. She came time and again. Still, she couldn't let go completely - I thought that if she'd ever do anal it was now. I rimmed her, perilously close to licking Vic's cock and balls myself. I eased the swollen head of my cock against the tightly puckered hole I'd only ever managed to worm a finger into when she was wasted. She pushed my cock away immediately, so I took the hint and sat back for a time stroking my cock, watching the rhythm. This was a dream come true -- why waste it? Sweat coated the three of us. All the time, the texture of hold up stocking and the height of her tall black heels stimulated all the more as the bed rocked and creaked as she sucked and fucked us.
We licked, we sucked, we fucked for what seemed like an eternity. But it was apparent Vic had to go. Kaz may be free range, but there was only a certain amount of slack she'll cut Vic. He didn't cum in Ursula. He didn't cum with us at all. He gave Kaz the lot when he got home - and related every detail of the story to Kaz. Lucky girl.
As soon as he'd gone we fucked and fucked. We've never cum so hard, or so much. Regrets? Maybe I should have watched longer before joining in. Maybe I'd have liked to watch him take her on his own. Maybe he should have cum with us instead of saving it for Kaz. But Ursula could never have sucked him off - it's not her style. After all, she is shy.