Helping Alexandra
Alexandra was right about him. Just as importantly, right about herself.
I am always somewhat skeptical when a woman approaches me saying she has read some of my non-academic writing (such as this piece) or overheard from a friend of a friend or some such that there is this woman... well, just whatever they may have heard or imagined, and that they want to 'try their hand', so to speak, at one of my soirees. And, of course, they think they have the 'perfect man' for it. Well, maybe not perfect, they say. 'But I could get him to do it.' These women, they just need a little help or advice.
There's the rub (no pun intended); the 'get him' bit. This often implies there is some subterfuge or 'gotcha' involved, or at the very least a kind of mis-direction; an erotic magic trick where the man is looking in one direction as we clever girls do our thing, then we snap our fingers and "My oh My!', he didn't seethatcoming, did he? But now that we've got him this way, he can hardly object, can he? Don't get me wrong, I'm all for clever girls; I just have no interest in stupid men.
And as for the women themselves, I think they are sometimes too clever by half. I mean, might they stop and ask themselves, if the man is really so perfect for this, and they are so certain of their own level of comfort and enthusiasm for it, why hasn't the whole 'get him' bit taken care of itself already? I sometimes feel there is a 'wanna be' factor at work here. You hear these stories about women getting together and enjoying themselves sharing and doing this and there's a natural tendency to just want to be one of the girls. Make no mistake, the feminine camaraderie can be very intense and seductive; it's one of the main pleasures of the sport. But you do have to have a real taste for the sport itself. There are other, less eccentric ways to go about female bonding; join a reading group, hold a slumber party or just schedule a weekly girl's night out.
All that said though, I do realize there are levels of anxiety and inhibition in both men and women that actually serve to enhance the pleasures of exposure and transgression when you confess (even to an intimate partner), let alone act out, the impulses you are helpless to deny your pleasure and need to indulge. It's the need that makes us vulnerable; the fact that our arousal can't be hidden even if the other person is offended, amused, disgusted or dismissive. Once it's out there, YOU are out there. I do get that... in spades.
So when Alexandra drew me aside at the guest reception at a recent conference, I was skeptical, but I did listen.
Now, sitting here with her on her pool patio in side by side reclining chairs, enjoying the view across the way in front of us, I'm happy I did.
Alexandra was right about him; there in a recliner opposite facing us, naked, leaning back to present properly - laid back enough to tilt his pelvis up to offer a good view of his ass, but not so far that he can't watch us as we watch - his legs spread wide as he slowly masturbates for us.
I like that look; the way his balls are lifted like he's offering them to us. Well, he is, and I don't want to seem unappreciative.
I reach into my purse on the tiles nearby and fish out my phone. It has a very good camera and he's well worth recording, at least for a bit, though I find focusing too much on working a camera and 'getting the shot' can detract from the immediacy and intimacy I enjoy most about such moments.
He sees what I'm doing and as I lift the phone and focus, he gives us the most satisfying half moan, half gasp of, "Yes, Laura, Please!" and lifts his hips, propping his penis up for the camera with a thumb pressed hard behind the base.
I pause to enjoy the moment; his excitement as he strains to lift and hold himself there to give me a good shot; the way he's looking at me over his raised hips, almost pleading for me to press 'record'. Let him wait just a bit, displaying that flushed penis, his eyes straying now over to his wife in the chair beside me for just a moment before returning to mine.
Yes, Alexandra was right about him. Oh. She did tell me he was well hung. But that's a vague expression and hardly the most important qualification. This, this right here; the need and the willingness to confess it, have it exposed; not just his cock, which, Alex is right, is lovely - a long, thick, rope veined, circumcised pillar with a prominent, plump crown - butthis; that look of pleading, the strain to display and offer himself not just to my camera, but to me, for my pleasure and entertainment. There he is. He knows he can't take this back. And here I am, beside his wife, accepting the offer, not pretending that, in my own way and for my own reasons, I don't need this any less than he does. He hears my confession too.
That was my question about Alexandra; was she willing to really confess her own need (if she really had one rather than just being curious to find out); her need to feel empowered to use and enjoy men this way. Or did she think it was all on him and she'd 'try it, just to see' and reserve to herself the option to leave him there exposed while she decides if it's really a good lookfor herto be so... whatever it is we tell ourselves we'd be embarrassed to have others know we were. Well, we have our answer.
"That's it, Brian, just how I want this." She purrs at him. "My girlfriends will love this." Then to me, "You'll share, right? Send me..."
"Of course." I assure her and hit record.
I've looked back fondly and masturbated to that recording several times since then, just as I told Brian I would. If there is any magic to this, it's the openness and honesty that works it. That's why when Alex and I went out for drinks later the previous evening and she solicited my 'help' getting her husband to agree to serve as sexual eye candy and ejaculatory entertainment at an upcoming bachelorette party for her and her girlfriends, I told her straight out
"I'm not going to ambush him."
'It's not an ambush. I know he wants to do this..."
"You keep saying that, but how do you know? I mean, what have you actually told him about what you want and why? If I show up, just some strange woman out of the blue, and you expect me to sit around making small talk and dropping veiled sexual innuendos as we slowly beat around the bush in smaller and smaller circles until..." I snort and wave the rest off with my free hand, take another sip of my drink with the other, then, "Not happening."
"Well, fine then, so how would you do it? I mean, okay, so, before you leave town I have you over and he comes home from work and I introduce you and you say..." she spreads her hands, brows raised. "How would you go about it?"
"Me? I'd explain how we met and at least a little about why you picked me for this, which, okay, I do think he needs to understand so he knows he's not going to be offending or shocking me. But in pretty short order I'd just tell him you told me you wanted to have your husband strip down and masturbate for me while you and I shared drinks and compared notes on his performance because you want to use him with your girlfriends in a few weeks to toast the lucky bride. And I'd say to him that, when you told me that, I said "Fuck yeah, girl! I'd love that.' And I'd say, 'She tells me you're really well hung and shoot come hard and thick, like a twenty year old. So here I am and I want to see it."
Alexandra is laughing. "I didn't say all that!" she bats it away and glances nervously around the small hotel bar like she's worried someone might overhear us. "But no, you wouldn't. C'mon, be serious." she hisses at me.
"The fuck I wouldn't." I balk. "He needs to know exactly why I'm there and that, yes, I do want to see that. Stayed over an extra night and all hoping he'd live up to your billing and give me a nice memory from what was otherwise a pretty fucking boring conference. I mean, yeah, I'll reschedule a little for this. I love adding new men to my list, seeing them work for my approval that first time. Why wouldn't I just tell him that? More to the point, why wouldn't you?"
"Cause, like you said, just out of the blue..."
But I interrupt this, "I was talking about me, I'd be showing up out of the blue. But this idea or topic, it damned well better not be coming as some big surprise to him. I mean, you're so sure he wants this as much as you do, but have you ever actually told him it turns you on to think of him performing for other women that way while you..."
"Actually, yeah." Alexandra says a bit defiantly. "I mean, not just 'other women' either. I've even said I want him to do it in front of my girlfriends and that I want to see him up there with other guys that I get to watch and compare and tell to do things that I want to see."
"Well, shit, Alex, then what do you need me for?"
"BECAUSE," she exhales in mild exasperation, "when I tell him that stuff it's not like I'm actually asking him to do it; not saying, 'Hey, on Wednesday, I've asked Sherry to come over and bring her new boyfriend. We want to get the two of you naked and we want to see you handle each other's cocks and make each other come so we can..." she's laughing again. "Not that Sherry would probably ever do that. But honestly, I think I'd love something like that and I'm pretty sure Brian knows it."
"Well, then..." I'm really failing to see the problem here at this point.
"But SO," she holds up a hand to forestall me, "I do tell him this stuff but it's always in the context of when we're, you know, playing with it. You know how you say things when you're..." she shrugs a bit sheepishly. But then, firmer, "I've always loved those videos of solo guys jerking off, at least the ones that women shoot for women, you know, girl porn. I love the come shots, I just do, seeing them lose it and imagining them thinking about women like me watching them as they..." breaks off, frowns. "But it's probably mostly gay guys watching those and for all I knowthat'swhat they're thinking about, not women like me. Kinda spoils it. So, I wanna be there where they can see me. It would be so different than just a video, to stand over them, make them look up at me as they show me that." She pauses, then, "Yeah." She says with a little sniff. "Anyway, Brian knows that and he'll do it for me, knows I like it slow, want to sit back and just make him work it for me, show me that cock and how excited he is to do it for me, do it the way I want and then give me his best come shot so I can compare how he spurts it to those guys I like to watch on-line. I tell him that, just like that, I'm gonna compare how he spurts." She laughs, pleased with herself. "And not just that. Like I said, I'll tell him how I wish my girlfriends could all be here to watch this, tell him how bad I want to share his cock with them so they can see what I have, what I come home to every night, tell them 'look girls, he'll do this for me whenever I want and would they like to see him come? Yes, they would. I tell him to do a good job. Don't disappoint my friends.
"I tell him all that stuff, and you should see what it does to him. Not just him, but me. And he fucking knows it's getting me off and he gets so turned on by his bad girl wife that... I get wet just telling you about it. Sorry, TMI maybe, but I do. He gets so worked up, coming almost doesn't seem to dent it. He just has to fuck me after, I mean HAS to, and it's different, better actually than I think he used to before we started playing these games. He's like out of control almost. I want it so bad by that point too, but it's almost sweeter to sort of be passive or even resist a little, to just feel how bad he has to have me, how he'll throw me down and..." she rolls her eyes.
"Ah fuck, you see?" she sighs. "Iknowhe wants this. I know. But it's really different to say those things when we're both wound up that way. It's different the next morning over breakfast, at least for me, even though I can be all flirty and sexy still and tease him about it and how I look forward to him coming home tonight; it feels different to say, 'Hey, you know, all those things I was saying last night, do you ever think you might want...?"
She sighs. "I don't know why, but I just can't quite get there. And he's not the one to take that kind of initiative. Not because he's passive totally, but he loves how I get when I'm in that space and I'm pretty sure he's worried it would scare me off and spoil it ifhesuggested we make it real. I know him; he'd feel like he was asking to cheat on me with other women when here I was just being open about my kinky fantasies, feeling safe and trusting him not to take it the wrong way. And like I said, if you could see him when I get him that way, you'd know there's no fucking way he's gonna risk spoiling that dynamic we get into by getting over greedy."
She blows out a long breath, takes another sip of her drink. "Yeah, I kick myself, cause I know, I really do know, it's right there for the getting if I would just..." her voice trails off and she looks away out across the bar.
I make up my mind. "Fine." I say.
"You mean..." her eyes swing back to mine.
"Yeah. I think I get it now. And to be honest, the way you talk about him, it gets me a little wet too." I smirk at her expression. "Never TMI with me. So yeah. Uhnm, last speaker is at three tomorrow but I'm not interested in that, certainly not like I am in this now." We're both laughing, bonding. "You said you're about twenty minutes from campus?"
She nods, beaming.
"I can probably be there by 2:30 or so. Why don't you call him at the office, tell him you want him home early because there's someone you want him to meet. Tell him it's important," I pause, considering, then, "for your marriage." I add. "Maybe that'll give him a bit of a clue. But it surely ought to get him home, shouldn't it?"
It does.
He's in business casual; kakis, a nice shirt, jacket but no tie; six foot and some, sandy hair, slight stubble, not movie star handsome but kind eyes and a tempting mouth. She says he works out and he does seem to be in decent shape; nothing discernable hanging over that snug leather belt, clearly wider at the shoulders than the waist, but we'll see... at least I hope.
He's come out to find us on the patio. He's looking a little worried or maybe even a little annoyed at whatever he thinks the situation is that prompted that rather strange message from his wife.
Alexandra and I have done a bit of strategizing, but I've told her I won't use a script. I am willing, however, to take the lead in broaching the subject. This isn't rocket science. He either wants this, like she thinks he does, or not.
Introductions are quick. I intentionally don't get up from my recliner to shake his hand as I normally would when first meeting someone. I make him come to me, lean down, hand out; I intend to be civil, of course, but I am not here for civilities. He is here to entertain me, whether he knows it or not. If we're doing this, then we're doing it.
He's not impolite, not at all. But he's clearly a little baffled by the juxtaposition of my presence and his wife's message about 'the marriage'..
"Honey, not to..." he breaks off with a slight frown at his wife. Then looking back to me, "Lovely to meet you, really. But if I might just steal Alex for a second." He looks her way, tosses his head to indicate they should step aside a bit.
I step in; that's why Alexandra brought me. "Curious about the marriage thing?" I ask sweetly. "Important for your marriage?" I cue him in on my complicity.
His eyes come back to me, shift to his wife, back again to me. Okay, he gets it without someone needing to spell it out; wifey and the new girl are conspiring. But about what?
"I write stuff." I say in what I know is to him a non-sequitur, but he'll connect things soon enough. "Articles for academic journals mostly, some literary criticism on the side for various..." I wave this off, he's got enough. "But I also write the occasional piece of what used to be called one handed reading before everyone read such things on a monitor so they could free up both." I pause. It's a bit euphemistic but I suppose I do need to ease into this at least a little.
He knits his brow. He gets the euphemism but it's clear he has no idea, at least yet, what to do with or about it. I'm finding him increasingly tempting, standing there over us, frowning slightly as he looks to his wife for guidance, or at least clarification.
"That's kind of why she's here." Alexandra says, getting a bit red but pushing on. "No." she says more firmly. "It's why she's here. Why I wanted to meet her; and you to meet her. Have her..." she glances aside at me quickly, then, "Laura spoke at the conference and I enjoyed her talk. It was on Periclean..." she stops, waves her hands, determined to stay on track before losing her nerve. "So when I googled her, yeah, the academic stuff came up, but there were these other things it listed that she wrote that... I read a couple, anyway, and..."
I can tell she's losing a little steam.
"Alexandra told me how you'll jerk off for her."
Bang. Alex's mouth snaps shut. She looks slightly panicked, but when he turns to her she says,
"I did." She swallows hard, then, "I mean really told her." She clarifies without 'really' clarifying anything.
I'm watching for his reaction. If he interprets that 'really' the way I think a regular guy would, he should already feel exposed standing up there over this strange woman who's eyeing him after being told such intimate things about him. Unless of course, he's one of those emotionally stunted frat boy types who haven't got the curiosity or empathy to wonder about what might be going on in a woman's head in this situation.
Well, he's apparently not the frat boy type. The wheels are turning. He's looking straight back at me, meeting my gaze. He gets the implications of that little smile I'm undressing him with, but he's not taking the bait; not being defensive or adopting the socially correct 'gosh, golly' evasion of surprised embarrassment. He is surprised, but not embarrassed. He's intrigued.
This could be delectable.
Ball's back in my court where I'm getting increasingly anxious to get his. Don't fuck this up Laura.
"You see, Brian, I write about that kind of thing; that dynamic between men and appreciative women; I mean, how she describes you, the way you'll turn yourself over to her pleasure and let her have you," I pause, gauging, say it, "let her use you. I write about my own pleasure in using men that and other ways; making them entertain me and, yes, other women - I like it best with a group of other women and enough men to provide variety and sport. But I definitely wouldn't pass it up, at least not with the right man; you understand though, I do expect a certain level and quality of performance, but from your wife's glowing descriptions..." I leave that there. "Anyway, even if it's just Alex and I here to share it..."
"Wait." Brian says softly, holding up a hand. He gives a little snort and turns to his wife. "Is this her talking or you?" he asks her.
"Babe," Alexandra sniffs, her head shaking slightly, but not in denial. "At this point I might as well be a ventriloquist with my hand stuck up her pussy as my puppet."
Whoa. Didn't see that coming. The sentiment, maybe, but the metaphor, not so much.
There is a moment of complete silence as husband and wife look at one another and I may as well not be here.
And then they are both laughing; Alexandra with a slightly nervous but relived expression; Brian in a full, clear burst of deep merriment, looking at his wife as if he might marry her over again twice every day just to show her. And you can see her kind of melting into it, as if with just that adoring look from him she see's this is going to be okay.
And it is.
I can already feel that familiar stir and warmth as it looks certain this male is going to give himself up to his wife and I. I can feel that visceral impatience and anticipation, that little ring of sensation that slowly tightens and tightens around the opening of my vagina when I use men this way, just that first, sweet twinge as it starts, now that I know it's going to happen.
But I am expecting there will still be a bit more back and forth before it does; some reference to the ground rules here even if it's just obvious stuff like 1) I'm not here to fuck you or you me; 2) you don't touch me; 3) I touch you only if, but if, then as I please; 4) you don't approach me unless I tell you to; 5) you look at me when I speak to you... just basic things men who serve this way are expected to know and comply with. It's not that I'm worried; I can take care of myself if I need to and the vibe here is very unthreatening. But I'm just expecting, as this is the first time they've done this with anyone else involved, they'll want to talk a few things out.
But it doesn't go that way.
They're looking at one another in that adoring way and then Alexandra says, "You know what I want."
Brian's smile tightens slowly into a knowing grin, his beaming eyes narrow into a glint of recognition at some transition in the tone and balance of things.
Alexandra's features slowly harden, shift into an expression I immediately recognize; entitlement. She juts her chin at him and "You know what we want." She says firmly. "So..." she sniffs, juts her chin to shoo him away from the foot of her recliner.
He nods, takes a step back, centers himself between our two recliners, and stands there facing us, hands at his sides.
It's just fucking beautiful. It's so fucking beautiful I almost don't want him to move. Just knowing he knows what's coming, what's expected of him; not in detail, no; he's at our mercy for the details; he knows that too; and it excites him. I can see it excites him. And all his wife had to do is jut her chin at him and he takes back a step and stands there, presenting himself for service.
This is what people don't understand about power; not just in sex, but in all things. Real power is not compulsion; it's a mutual recognition of need. Although perverted and masochistic, the old Medieval trope that the glory of God requires sinners to burn in hell, so we, all sinners, rejoice even upon the pyre because, and this isourpower, He needs us...
I have no illusions about the nobility or sacredness of these things I do and enjoy. Nobility is a social senility and sacredness a harlot's fidelity next to the one thing I do claim some small redemption by; respect. Respect for the gift and the giving; the need for the need. Whether you find it a small thing or a great thing; either the submission of the other enslaves us, or we are unworthy of it.
I know, I know. What fun am I, marring the tepid luster of male degradation and humiliation with such musings? Alas, to my male readers who may find themselves disappointed in this, I'm afraid there is no balm here in Gilead for your hurt. As to my sisters (if any) similarly disillusioned; the same, but maybe also some advice. If you really want to humiliate men, beat them at chess.
"So." Alexandra says again.
Brian nods, starts to take off his jacket, but...
"Later for that." I say and wave away his hands from the lapels. "Show me what I came here for."
It's not about the order of things; shirt, shoes, socks, belt, trousers; that would be the efficient order to proceed in. And it's not just because I find the pseudo drama of male striptease (or attempts at it) pedestrian rather than titillating. I prefer males naked upon presentation, without fuss or the juvenile (to me at least) fiction that they need to persuade me with their virile irresistibility (oh, reluctant, blushing maidens all!) to use them the way they wish to be used. I don't judge or de-grudge my sisters who do enjoy such preliminaries; we should all feel free to use the males available in service to our own amusement and satisfaction; heaven knows opportunities are few enough and far enough in between already without indulging such aesthetic quibbles among ourselves. There's plenty we can all agree on when the penises stand erect and ready to entertain us.
And that is precisely what I want of this one now... right now.
The inefficiency, even the awkwardness of it, only enhances the confessional heat of the moment as his hands go quickly to unclasp his belt, unbutton and unzip his kakis, hook his thumbs beneath his slacks and boxers and shove them down in one swift motion to his knees, confirming both Alexandra's predictions and my own hopeful reading of his anticipatory arousal as he straightens and his penis springs up and juts out already fully erect.
"Oh, babe, yes." Alexandra exhales happily, "That's how I want it."
He's a perfect totem for my pagan ceremonial urges to work upon; standing there, two hands gripping the front of his shirt to lift his shirt tails out of the way, his hips curled under until his penis points vertically, that tension in his thighs as he strains against the restraint of the slacks around his knees to spread his legs and display his balls. Yes, the awkwardness, the imperfection only accentuates his urgency, just as my calm appraisal, letting him stand there, wait upon my perusal, without comment or reaction, only feeds his sense of exposure and my gratification at seeing a well hung man solicit my sexual approval so abjectly.
'Yes' I tell him silently in my head. 'That's what I came here for.'
Things do move on; pleasantly, and, unavoidably perhaps given the circumstances, in the manner of an informal rehearsal of tasks or uses Alexandra thinks or I suggest she might want to assign him at her bachelorette party. After he's fully undressed he's sent to the kitchen to fix and fetch Alex and I drinks. He plays waiter, but with only the two of us, it's not much of a trial run, though I do offer some pointers about how I like things done, the distance to keep, posture to assume, small things.
She urges me to handle him. "Please, I want you to. I want to see him that way, with another woman."
I do. Lifting one hand, using light fingertips, I sweep fluttering touches to press and appraise his balls, tease my way up and down the shaft, conjure gentle mischief about the head to make his penis dance, a puppet on my string, as he stands, hips forward beside my chair while I sip my drink with the other and compliment his wife on the sensitivity and liveliness of his cock.
"That's a good thing, right?" she asks. "For this, I mean. I've always loved that. But you're saying other women will like it too. He'll be good for this?"
And there is something so naively transparent in her slightly breathless fascination with the work of another woman's hands on her husband, her hopeful excitement at the prospect of pleasures this revelation seems to promise are possible, that I find myself unable to answer, moved for a moment by the fragility of these innocences glimpsed from the corner of the eye just when you think you...
I look away a moment, caught out by this unaccustomed sentimentality. Then, collected, turn back again.
I tell her there is no set way, no manual for any of this.
"But what do you like? How do you like to use them?" she persists.
"It varies with the day, the occasion, my mood and how or what the male at hand responds to or inspires me to want or not want of him. Sure, I have my tastes and preferences in things, but I like to surprise myself, sometimes simply watch the other women around me enjoy themselves."
But, "Please Laura, look at him." Alexandra pleads, undeterred.
I do; scanning past his erection up along his finely muscled stomach and chest as he stands over me beside the arm of my chair. I meet and hold his gaze as his wife continues;
"He wants this. He wants me to have it. Use him for me, Laura. I want to see him that way, doing it for another woman, however you want it, want him. He needs to show me he's mine to give over to you or my friends or..."
"Alright." I say.
I recognize that I am the new toy in the playroom. After so long as a couple mutually fantasizing about this, can I really expect my presence and participation to be any less absorbing for Alexandra than it is for her husband? This is different than those pleasant, convivial occasions where I and a few of my more experienced girlfriends get together to break in a fresh male who thinks he wants to serve, assess his temperament and suitability to entertain at one of our events. I am for Alexandra (almost as much as for her husband) a new and exotic, erotic vibrator to touch all those places they've so long lusted to stimulate.
I get it. So even though it lacks some of the playful mutuality I so cherish with my sisters as we rouse and direct male sexual urgency to serve and wait upon our pleasure, I am willing to play the part of the new sex toy to service their too long pent erotic energies.
My own taste leans towards slower paced, less theatric uses, where males are displayed, handled, and discussed in a leisurely manner, but also somewhat benignly neglected, serving as props and accessories, for example, to a quiet afternoon soiree held to catch up and gossip about other things. There is a sublime sense of shared entitlement and aesthetic satisfaction seeing some male in the final throes of pre-ejaculatory agitation after an extended period of casual, intermittent but (trust me; we know how to do this) effective tactile and verbal stimulation, standing stoically by the arm of my, or one of my girlfriends' chairs (much as I have Brian doing now), his balls drawn up hard and tight, his penis a lovely, angry flush of purple, the gleam and drip of pre-come seeping from the tip as he tries to suppress those telltale, small, reflexive, pleading thrusts of his hips, desperate but hopeful, knowing he's going to give us his come... well, maybe after Cherice finishes telling us about that new Netflix series. Ah, yes, they also serve who stand and wait.
But I can see that approach and ambiance isn't going to answer the need here. They both want the feel of a heavier hand; a more blatant exertion of feminine imprimatur; her man a gladiator she has dedicated to the ring to serve the arbitrary pleasure of Caesar and the crowd; 'Use him for me. Laura.'
A touch of theater and spectacle then.
I tell him to go and face the recliner opposite, drop forward into plank position supporting himself on straight arms on the end. Then
"Fuck for us."
He glances back over his shoulder, unsure exactly what...
"Show me how you fuck."
An intentionally general directive. I know from Alexandra's descriptions of their bedroom play that this is not an item in his usual repertoire. I expect the unfamiliarity of both the request and the situation to offer opportunity for me to assert my feminine prerogative in a tone and fashion they both seem to crave.
As expected, he is tentative at first; thrusting forward a few times in that inclined push up position, wanting to please but not yet fully intuiting the voyeuristic imperative his compliance must conform to. That's alright. The new girl knows what she wants.
"That's not it." I say. "Show me what I came here to see. Up. Spread your legs. Show me your cock and balls." It's brusque and artless.
Perhaps you're thinking that a woman of my education and refinement (at least in literary matters) should have recourse to more elegant language; something at least that wouldn't land with a complete conversational clunk if quoted as a point of information in response to polite inquiry about how one spent the weekend. You'd be right. Even reading back over this now, I feel a twinge of mild angst at my own self-reflection. So much of my life is spent in contexts where the witty riposte, the clever bon mot are the currency of social inclusion, that habit has instilled in me an instinctive calibration of verbal expression that registers any violation of its limits as a transgression.
In the contest of academic parry and thrust, I experience great pleasure in my competence, even occasional flashes of brilliance, at the game. The satisfaction of mastery can only be experienced in the context of certain restraints and boundaries. Otherwise, as a poet once observed about verse without meter or rhyme, one is reduced to playing tennis without a net. The point of this rather inconvenient psychological digression interrupting the masturbatory flow of my male readers (Oh, gentlemen, pleasedopay a lady the compliment for her efforts!) is that these ingrained habits of mind and expression, generate an almost addictive frission when violated so flagrantly under the lash of my less refined appetites. It is as if some goddess has blessed me with a verbally triggered mental clit, which, unlike the bodily one I first discovered and explored as a girl, never quite loses that pensive pleasure of secret naughtiness when touched. And just as my younger self, once I start teasing it, the urge to go back and back yet again, is only intensified by that sweet reticence, imagining what 'they' would think to know this about me, to see me this way.
Alexandra's small hand reaches across to grip my forearm where it rests on the arm of my chair closest to her as we watch her husband spread his legs in a wide straddle and move his feet up almost directly under his hips so they are higher than his shoulders as he leans upon the low foot rest.
"Oh, babe, that's what she wants. Show Laura." Alexandra exhales happily. "Show Laura your cock and balls." She echoes my terms, clearly savoring the taste of them; as if verbally re-emphasizing for herself, reminding her husband of, the reality of this previously only imagined moment.
Under the prod of the approval and pleasure in his wife's voice, his knees bend slightly, his lower back arches to tilt his pelvis up to accentuate the requested display, his penis flexing in excited compliance as he holds himself there having seemingly forgotten his fucking assignment.
Alexandra squeezes my forearm. "Uhnm, I want this so bad Laura; to have other men this way, to have him up there too, but as just another cock in the stable, with other women..." she breaks off. "He knows I want that. And when I read your stuff, I just knew I had to..."
"Yes. I get it." I interrupt gently, reaching across to pat her hand. The girl just can't seem to slow herself down; the possibilities of future pleasures suddenly so vivid after too long pent in fretful anticipation, her cup brimmeth over.
"But you like him for this, other women would enjoy him, right? Want to use him. I just love how you put that when I read your stuff; 'use them'." She rambles on. "It's just so perfect; I want to use them and see..."
"Brian." I say, charmed by Alexandra's enthusiasm but intent as well up my own enjoyment. "Look at me."
It is a test of sorts. Two slightly awkward commands to reconcile in this position; 'Show me your cock and balls' but then, 'Look at me.' I am behind, only slightly to one side of him. He could simply turn around of course; consider himself relieved of the first command by the obvious inconvenience of the second in conjunction. He could, it would be a logical response. But a male well suited for service would be loath to forgo a woman's attention to his genitals on the pretext of mere inconvenience. That first command would exercise a continuing imperative upon his pleasure that only outright contradiction, her expression of disinterest or annoyance, could dent.
I think I already know the answer with this one, but that doesn't lessen the gratification at seeing him lift his head, crane his neck, twist his shoulders and upper torso to look back at me, straining still to present his cock and balls - yes, oh naughty mistress of my literary clit- his cock and balls, his erect and eagerly twitching penis - I do like telling you this; that clitoral flicker not entirely unlike the thrum of sensation saying such things to a man gives me; imagining you imagining me at my most inexcusably prurient - as my mind goes to all those pornographic images of women displaying themselves this way, twisting and craning their necks to acknowledge the camera, to feed the male gaze; it is not just the view, though the view is lovely, but the shiver of vindication at seeing a man in that position, acknowledging, submitting to, a woman's entitlement to the indulgence of the same privilege with the male body.
He waits expectantly, watching my expression. His hips buck slightly, swaying his balls when he sees my gaze settle there a moment before returning to his.
"I like seeing the hang and swing of a man's cock and balls, the flex and clench of his ass from behind this way as he fucks." Ah, that sweet twinge of verbal transgression. "You want to give me that, don't you? Do your best to entertain me the way you should?"
"Yes." His voice tight, his sincerity evident in another reflexive buck of his hips, the sway of his balls and spasm of his penis drawing my eyes there again.
Encouraged by my attention he begins to thrust in short, sharp movements; curling and uncurling the arch in his lower back to swing his pelvis forward and under then up and back again. It isn't quite what I had in mind for fucking, but there is something almost more satisfying in his exertions; the soft "Uhn! Uhn! Uhn!" of his breath as he works, his upper body still twisted to look back at me as I watch the slap of his balls and erection up against his flat belly from below with the vigor and sudden stop of his forward thrusts.
"I love how you do this." Alexandra compliments me. "How you talk to him. How you make him..."
"I'm not making him." I say. "You were right about him. He so wants this. I'm just grateful you let me be his excuse to do it."
She beams with a proprietor's justified pride.
A few brusque directions and we quickly have him fucking properly for me; 'properly' being, of course, a somewhat arbitrarily shifting standard dependent upon my voyeuristic inclinations of the moment.
Still in that wide straddled stance, arching and tilting the pelvis up high each stroke to fully and 'properly' display 'the hang and swing of his cock and balls', he thrusts forward, hips dropping down to finish at the level where his hands grip the footrest, his ass clenching handsomely as he strains to force and hold his penis deep in some imagined orifice, his back flexing with the effort of balancing his weight, before withdrawing to 'show me' again.
"Ah, fuck Laura," Alexandra groans plaintively in agitation, "you have no idea what this is doing. No idea."
But I do. The newness and excitement is becoming a bit much, all but distracting Alexandra from enjoying the immediacy and intimacy of the experience. They need time together to debrief and celebrate, unwind the details of this new tangle of experience, lust and emotion; decide without the clamor of all this intense stimulation - really decide - 'what next.'
I have my own reservations about Alexandra's confidence that the 'next thing' on their erotic agenda should be Brian's service at her girlfriend's bachelorette party. It's their life, their decision, not mine. I hardly know them, or their friends. So I try to put it out of my mind and just move on to what I expect will be a very pleasant conclusion to the afternoon's sport.
"Time to jerk off." I say abruptly.
His thrusting stops. He lowers himself, turning around fully as he does to sit facing us on the foot of the recliner.
"There in the chair, on your back." I direct, sweeping a hand forward to indicate.
And as I told you way back when you still had some scant hope that the erotic sheen of this story would not be entirely occluded by my penchant for digression, this is the part where this lovely, well hung male lays spread and pleading before me now as his wife says
"That's it, Brian, just how I want this. My girlfriends will love this." Then to me, "You'll share, right? Send me..."
"Of course." I assure her and hit record.
He has such an inviting way of working his cock; the thumb behind to prop it for viewing but just the index finger sweeping slowly up and down the shaft in front, the other three fingers tucked back away to leave almost the entire length of his penis visible as he strokes. I love how his eyes are already there to meet mine when I look at his face, love that sweet, small reflexive buck of his hips when he sees my gaze shift back between his legs, the jiggle it causes, slightly disrupting the smooth lift and fall of his balls in time with his stroking. That's a really sweet ass, his pelvis tipped upward at just the right angle to please the camera.
"Ah yeah," I tell him, looking down for just a moment at the small screen of my phone to make sure I'm getting this properly, "I'll masturbate to this later tonight."
It's not a line, I will.
I never touch myself the way some women do, during these encounters. I find it a distraction, a pleasure that competes with rather than enhances the gratifications of the power dynamic arising from the disparity between the males in service and the women they entertain in terms of exposure and display and in the levels of arousal up to and including ejaculation. I have learned to gather and bank these pleasures sucked from male submission, pile them like water, building pressure behind a dam, to be released in torrents to surprise some quiet hour alone with my husband or shudder me to bliss in solitary in some out of town hotel, my fingers sweeping up nectar at the memory of these things. It takes almost nothing to open the gates and bring it all flooding back; a glimpse on the little screen of Brian's finger slowly ascending the length of his penis will do it; transport me back here or through some other jumbled collage of vividly embodied snippets of memory; the sudden surge and spurt of some man's cock in my hand as I win the wager at semen roulette and finish him with my ten allotted strokes to the cheers and laughter of my sister players.
Fear not, nothing is lost; everything ripens and is plucked in its time.
"He's perfect. Isn't he perfect for this?" Alexandra sighs, leaning in over the arm of my chair to watch the screen shot on my phone.
"Yes." I agree. Almost too perfect.
I feel a sudden rush of protective angst; a slender thread of his pre-come gleams in the slanting sunlight where it trails from the tip of his penis to his belly; he is surely one of the prettiest ornaments one could wish for to adorn a carnal tableau. But I feel this sudden anxiety that he is somewhat too infatuated with, in Alexandra's words, his bad girl wife. While she, though clearly loving him, is somewhat more infatuated with the access to the use and enjoyment of other men she hopes his submission will open to her.
In every relationship there is always some imbalance of needs and power. And I obviously have a positive and empathic understanding and approval of Alexandra's ambitions for quantity and variety in male playthings. But I fear in her haste and excitement to make use of him as her ticket to such future pleasures, she may inadvertently cast this pearl before swine.
What, after all, has she actually told her girlfriends or others about her plans (or at least hopes) for the bachelorette party? Even if she's told them, 'told them everything' as she assured me she had with Brian, what do they understand are the meanings, implications and extent of his submission for their amusement. Is it to be like that line about Vegas; whatever happens at the party stays at the party? Or is there some continuing expectation (and if so what) for interactions in other settings, such as meeting the next Tuesday with an attendee and her partner as a couple for drinks and dinner?
Perhaps he is, as he seems, a man comfortable and confident in his own erotic skin. But the very thought that so seared my memory with lust at that first perfect awkward, desperate display of his genitals, may haunt some other recipient of such a gesture's estimation of him differently but just as irrevocably; once it's out there, YOU are out there; some things you can't take back.
And as to Alexandra's ambitions that he might serve someday as 'just another cock in the stable'; though I love the image and, even more, the practice she aspires to, my own husband serving my pleasure in that role as often as I can arrange it, the arranging cannot be left to happenstance. Is there some indication the attendees at her bachelorette have their own selection of candidate cocks to nominate to serve in this hoped for stable?
And as for the women themselves, are they coming willing and eager to make festive, celebratory use of him? Or will many (even most) of them arrive cringing slightly at the prospect but unwilling to be seen as less open or liberated than their friends, sit passively, smiling blandly with their hands folded primly in their laps or protectively clutching the inevitable Chardonnay, averting their eyes to the artwork and offering the obligatory cheer when the entertainment (mercifully at last) toasts the bride with the semen from his balls. I do not blame such women at all; their tastes and inclinations though very different than mine are if anything probably more common among women than my own proclivities. But still, such a waste; gems like Brian must be mounted in a proper setting to show to advantage; preferably on a ring wound tight about the finger of a woman like me.
And that is where that sudden rush of protective angst makes me want him now; perfect in his moment, secure here in my hand, before all the 'what if's and 'maybe's even know he's coming.
I don't claim that all that was articulated just then; it is obviously the product of reflection as I try to make sense that sudden shift in perception from prurience to poignancy. But it was somehow 'there'; shadows moving just beyond that little spotlight of conscious thought, darkening my wiser reptilian brain with premonitions of pleasure's fragility.
Premonitions that stir more restlessly still, when Alexandra, irrepressible, basking in the glory of her new license to share her husband, begins to direct it's documentation for posterity.
"Yes, babe, yes." She coos. "You know my girlfriends are going to see this. I'll send it around so they know what they're getting. That's right babe. Audition for my girlfriends. I told them you want this, but show them."
She's leaning over the arm of my chair, watching the screen on my phone as I film. She growls happily, as, at her prodding, her husband curls his full hand around his cock and jacks it quickly causing...
"Yes, yes babe! Bounce your balls. Bounce your balls for my girlfriends. Look at the camera, show them you want this."
She is already somewhere off in the future, listening to her recorded voice saying these deliciously bad girl things as she and her girlfriends hover over her phone (much as she's now hovering over mine) in the corner booth where they won't be overheard by other patrons at where ever it is they like to meet for coffee or drinks, smiling, whispering, rolling their eyes as they watch Alexandra's husband, under the lash of his lust for his bad girl wife, moan and lift his hips high to better display the bouncing of his balls at her command.
It's a beautiful thing to see a man take direction this way; to see him strain excitedly to offer himself to the whims of a woman's amusement, knowing he knows, and is driven nearly to ejaculation by the knowledge, of the inevitability of that little scene in the corner booth, where his wife will use this, use him, for a boast and a laugh with her friends over drinks.
It is the very irreverence of such things that tempts a man to this; that revelation of a woman's full range of sexual mood and appetite; not prettified, not neat, not always dressed properly for dinner. Ah, yet then she comes down the stairs in that little black dress of coquetry and romance, and you want her - oh, I know you want her - but if you wantheryou don't get to choose which parts. So, just how badly do you want her?
This one is all in, and he tears my heartstrings and soaks my panties as nothing else has in a while.
I stop filming, set the phone aside. He's going to come for me, but not like this; not bouncing his balls in this frantic chasing of some maybe future; but here, now, for me; for the woman who came to see just that.
I'm on my feet. He looks up at me, his urgency clearly mounting as I come to stand over him at the side of the recliner. He's going to come; I see it in his eyes and the tightness in his jawline, his chest, that frantic hand still beating towards the future.
"Ah, no.." I say softly, lean down to place my hand on his to still it.
"Ahn! Uhnn!" two shuddered grunts to match the buck of his hips as his body's momentum toward ejaculation stutters to a stall. His disorientation so sweetly disarming; was that not good? Has the audition been canceled?
It has. The part's been cast.
"Not like that." I tell him, dropping to my knees on the tiles beside his chair, leaving my hand still there on his wrapped around his cock, his hips slowly lowering in sympathetic mirroring of my descent to his side.
So close now, the heat of his body radiating, tempting my touch to search out the seethe of it, my other hand reaching to press his chest just upon the sternum, feel the rise and fall of his breath as it calms, his features relaxing into an almost boyish expectancy under my gaze and smile.
"There." I lift my hand away from his penis, place it now on the inside of his open thigh, slight pressure there to affirm my approval of having him spread this way for me.
He feels it, reads it, strains to spread fully, watching my face, searching my expression.
In my peripheral vision, I see his penis flex plaintively up off his stomach and bob in a briefly sustained spasm. Just a little longer; I want this quickly, but not too quickly.
Alexandra has gotten up as well and has circled around to stand at the head of the recliner over him. She starts to speak but i raise my hand quickly from his chest, a finger poised to still her. I do not look away from her husband, nor he from me as I say
"You wanted to see another woman use him, how I would use him. I'll show you."
His eyes narrow, his chin lifts, a sharp inhale heaves his chest, expelled with equal force as my hand comes back to rest there.
"Now," I tell him, "you'll do it for me."
He nods quickly, starts to stroke again but
"The way you were doing it earlier; slow and pretty," I say, "with just that one finger so I can see your whole cock as you prime it to come for me."
Uhn! God, yes." He whispers hoarsely. "God, yes."
I look down away from his eyes to watch what I've asked for. He's so ready, so close, the head of his penis, the whole upper half of the shaft, an ascending sheen of crimson darkening to purple at the tip, slick with pre-come. He props it up to show me as that sweeping finger slips up and down the shaft
One hand on his chest, the other pressed to the inside of his thigh, I feel the tension mounting in his body, the sweet small jerks of his hips when that finger trips that sensitive switch just below the head, punching the air from his lungs in short, sharp, exhales, "uhnh! uhnh! uhnh!" as I speak to him softly of things he'll remember long after the maybe's have had their way with him.
"This is my favorite thing. I've watched so many like you this way; on their backs, on their knees, standing, some bent over the back of a couch, hips raised, legs spread, others impaled on dildos and even one with another man's cock up his ass; so many you'd think I'd tire of the repetition when there are so many other ways to coax, or prod or tease a man to ejaculation; toys and games and contests; I think you'll find the variety as effective as we women find it amusing. Oh, they'll find such clever uses for you. But no, I don't grow tired of this.
"Pause a moment now, yes, good, let me enjoy how it twitches. I love seeing a man's cock in this state, so hyper sensitive even a breath of air makes it spasm. Ah that's pretty, I know you like showing me that.
"Go on now, slow and steady. Turn your hips up a bit so I can enjoy watching your balls as they tighten. Yes like that. This is what I came for, what Alexandra promised me, promised the other woman, the first to get to use you this way. I like being the first to have you this way. Not like your wife does, but purely for sport and entertainment. Here to coax those first lovely spurts of your entertainment career out of those very tight balls of yours."
I talk but I also watch and listen, feel the heat, the mounting agitation, twitching muscle, catch of breath, low rising moan, crawling up the back of his throat as he tips his pelvis up at my direction, further clenching muscle, contracting his torso, tweaking his balls by talking about them, my wanting to see them, wanting to coax those lovely first spurts, knowing naming it will call it forth 'out of those very tight balls' which just as he shudders in that first sweet spasm I take in my hand, reach with the other to brush his away from the shaft, feel the pulse in the root of his cock against the heel of my hand, his head coming forward his chest curling inward like a pump handle to force that first ribbon of pearl from the purple head.
I love seeing a penis dance for me, bob and spurt, bob and spurt, as the man looks down helplessly to watch with me as the phallic genie I've conjured wracks him, drains him. Brian gives me that pleasure as I hold and press his balls protectively, jealously guarding our one small moment of presence here and now; stopping my ears against the Siren song of 'next'.