After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Captain Emily Birmingham surveyed the bridge as the ship shuddered and tilted slightly, but she had expected something like this so was not particularly alarmed by it.
"Anterior stabilisers?" she asked anyway.
"Holding within parameters as expected, Captain," Chief Engineer Rod Collingwood responded without looking up from his screen.
Collingwood was ruggedly handsome and brilliant, but his intelligence also made him arrogant, and he could be such an insufferable jerk when he wanted to be. Not to mention borderline sexist at times. It was hard to get too annoyed with him though. He probably thought his wisecracks and patronising tone were funny or endearing, and any opinion to the contrary would have been beyond his comprehension anyway.
Whatever. It was a male-dominated industry and Emily was used to dealing with comments about her sex and its apparent bearing on her intellect, so she usually just played along, ignored him, or laughed him off. She liked him just the same though. His slurs, intentional or otherwise, and her reactions to them had become a game they played. It got much worse than Collingwood ever dished out anyway, particularly when it came to decisions about her career made by fat men sitting behind large desks. Plus, they were forced to live in close quarters often for weeks on end, so it was important to keep the peace.
"Ok, continue to full power," Emily instructed.
"Engaging full power in 5, 4, 3, 2... and hyperdrive is fully engaged," Engineer Tim Norris responded.
The rattling increased and then suddenly everything went silent. Outside there was only black. There was no sensation of speed or movement. It was eerie, like they were suddenly suspended motionless in space.
"Chief Engineer?"
"Well, I don't know where the fuck we are or how fast we're going but it appears to be working," Collingwood replied.
"Woohoo! Well done, everyone!" Emily replied. "But I'll remind you, Chief Engineer, that everything we say is being recorded."
Collingwood ignored the caution without as much as a raised eyebrow.
Emily felt like she had been training her whole life for this. At 26 she was the youngest person to have ever been chosen to captain a starship, and while she had excelled in her studies and training, she suspected there were other factors at play. One of those factors was that she was a woman, a rarity in the space engineering field, and a very attractive one at that. With piercing green eyes, flowing brown hair surrounding a gorgeous face, and an athletic figure with smallish breasts and wide feminine hips, she was well used to dealing with unwanted attention from men. Her sex and stunning looks were an easy sell to garner government and public support, and as much as she loathed it, she felt like those probably played no small part in the decision to fast-track her into the position.
Another more sinister factor she suspected was that she was more expendable. There were other, far more experienced personnel to choose from, but this mission had a rather high probability of failure, and at her level she was a smaller loss to the program should it fail. Plus, there were thousands of other candidates ready to take her place at a moment's notice.
"Ok, let's pull her out and start to slow down," Emily ordered.
"Aye aye, Captain," Engineer Norris replied.
"We are not a pirate ship, Engineer," Emily sighed.
"As you wish, Captain," Norris smiled. "Ok, disengaging in 5, 4, 3, 2... and disengaging hyperdrive system."
The shuddering returned and then at last they were back under the power of the ship's main thrusters. Their familiar hum was comforting to hear after the eerie silence of the hyperdrive.
"Chief Engineer?"
"I'll need a minute, Captain," Collingwood replied. "The instruments need time to recalibrate. Ok, here we go. No, that can't be..."
"What is it?"
"According to this we've travelled over 4000 light years! That can't be right. We were only under power for a few seconds. That's far beyond any known system."
"What are you saying? We can't find our way home?" Emily asked with some dread.
"Oh, no I didn't say that. Um... let me dumb it down for you, Captain, in a way you can understand," Collingwood replied condescendingly. "I know where we are, relatively speaking, and which direction home is, but we're deeply into uncharted territory here."
"Whew!" Emily replied, completely ignoring the condescension, which she knew very well was intended to get a rise out of her. "Ok, so let's about-face and head for home boys!"
"Yes, let's just hope the hyperdrive works again and doesn't blast us 4000 light years past our point of origin," Collingwood muttered, mostly to himself.
"Is that possible?" Emily asked.
"Anything's possible," he replied somewhat gravely. "We weren't even sure the thing would work at all, and we certainly had no idea it would work as well as it did. What just happened wasn't even supposed to happen. We figured at best we might go one or two light years. It's all new science so we've got no way of measuring our speed and distance with any accuracy while we're moving yet. To get home again, all we can do is measure the time we were under hyperdrive and apply the same again, keeping our fingers crossed we've got her pointed in precisely the right direction. Thankfully I have the time recorded down to the millisecond, but one bee's dick of a degree out with our direction and we could end up billions of kilometres off course."
"Oh my God. I thought we had a bit more control over it than that," Emily responded with some concern.
"Well, we do, and we don't. But trust me anyway," Collingwood replied smugly. "As long as it fires up again, we should be pretty close. Well, within a few weeks of thruster distance anyway, maybe a couple of months at the worst."
"Well, it's a long walk home if it doesn't fire up again."
"Indeed. Over 400 lifetimes in the cold of space in fact. I couldn't imagine spending it in better company though," Collingwood added with a wink.
"You wish!" Emily replied, smirking at his brazen attempt to flirt.
Collingwood smiled and then turned to focus on his screen.
"Ok, Norris, you have the coordinates on screen now," he announced.
"Got it," Norris responded. "Ok, just another blip of the starboard retro and we should be in position... and contact! And hitting thrusters again in 5, 4, 3, 2 and engaging. Thrusters are go. Ready when you are, Collingwood."
"Captain?" Collingwood asked as he looked towards Emily for confirmation.
"Yes, hit it, Collingwood for fuck's sake! Let's get this bucket home again," Emily replied with noticeable annoyance. Timing was crucial here and a move like that needn't have required her command. Collingwood was just being a smart-arse.
"I am sure the captain is aware we are being recorded," Collingwood added with more than a little sarcasm.
"You can be such a prick at times, Chief Engineer," Emily replied, smiling while rolling her eyes and shaking her head slowly.
"Ok hit it, Norris," Collingwood instructed while smiling to himself again. "The captain has cleared the command."
"Engaging hyperdrive in 5, 4, 3, 2 and engaged," Norris responded.
The ship trembled and shuddered, and then went silent as before.
"Ok, it should be coming up in about 15 seconds on your screen," Collingwood relayed to Norris.
"Aye aye, sir. Err... sorry, Captain. Aye, sir! Disengaging in 5, 4, 3, 2... and disengaged."
The welcome hum of the thrusters returned, and Emily turned to Collingwood with raised eyebrows.
"Just a moment, Captain. Instruments are recalibrating once again," he replied as he peered at his screen. "And here we are. Wow! Almost a direct hit! Planet Earth is about 3 days away. Lady and gentlemen, we're going home."
A cheer went up from the crew and everyone unbuckled to give each other high fives. Mission accomplished.
The usual boredom of space flight returned for the next two days. Emily spent the time mostly in her cabin with occasional patrols around the ship, checking in on each of the six crew members. Collingwood seemed to go out of his way during these patrols to "accidentally" bump into her in the tight passageways, so that they would be forced to pass chest to chest. After about the fifth time, Emily had to admit these incidents were actually funny, but perhaps the humour was more in embarrassment for him at his childish attempts to charm her. Other than that, no one ever had anything interesting to report until at last Norris announced that he had made contact with Cape Willis. The ground crew were very excited to hear from them. The hyperdrive system had exceeded everyone's expectations there too and they were looking forward to examining the data over the following weeks and months. A welcome party was being set up at the landing field. It sounded like it was going to be quite the party. Emily had nothing interesting to add so she let Norris deal with the particulars.
A day later they were at last once again in the Earth's atmosphere and preparing to hover down to the landing pad. Retro rockets hissed outside and then everyone felt the bump as they touched down. Home at last.
Uniforms were straightened and caps put on to prepare to meet the dignitaries and the inevitable crowd of cheering well-wishers who would be present. Emily had a quick glance in the tiny mirror in her cabin and slumped at her appearance. Two weeks without a decent shower had taken its toll. She tied her hair into a ponytail and donned her cap. It would have to do.
The airlock depressurised, causing everyone's ears to pop, then Norris opened the hatch. They stepped out into the blinding sunlight and to the sound of the crowd clapping and cheering. Emily blinked in the glare for a moment and tried to gather her senses.
Was that General McAlister approaching? Yes, it was. He appeared to have lost weight. Good for him! Oddly he walked straight up to Collingwood without even glancing at her.
"Captain Collingwood, it is so good to have you back in one piece," the General began. "We thought we lost you there for a while."
"Err... I'm not the captain, sir," Collingwood responded in confusion.
"Well, you were when you left," the General replied, and then caught on that Collingwood must be playing some kind of joke. Smiling he asked, "So who is the captain then?"
"Well, Captain Birmingham of course, sir," he replied while gesturing to Emily at his side, more than a little confused at whatever game the General was playing. Had he been promoted, and this was the General's way of announcing it?
"Is this a joke? Ha-ha very funny," the General responded. "Wait, is that actually a woman? What is she doing covered?"
The crowd suddenly went completely silent, and all eyes were on Emily. She looked at the General's face. He appeared to be completely aghast. Had something been lost in translation? How did he not know she was the captain? What did he mean by "what is she doing covered"? She looked out at the silent crowd of onlookers.
Wait, are those women over there topless? And there's a couple of others over there. Wait, they're not topless at all. They're completely nude! Are they wearing collars as well? What the fuck?? Oh, it must be some kind of elaborate sexist prank. Yes boys, very funny.
She wondered how they managed to get so many strippers together in one place and who paid for them, and how they got all of these people to participate in the joke.
"Officers, arrest this woman at once and get this abomination out of my sight," the General demanded.
Two cops approached Emily and produced handcuffs.
"If you could turn around, missy? What is your ID for our records?" one of them asked Emily.
"ID? You mean my driver's license?" Emily replied. "Ha-ha. Ok, the joke's over. Let's just... ow!"
Emily winced as her arms were pulled sharply behind her back and cuffs were placed on her wrists.
"Ow! Seriously, do they have to be so tight? This isn't funny anymore, gentlemen."
She glanced back at her crew. Collingwood's face was complete confusion. He was either a better actor than Emily gave him credit for, or he wasn't in on the joke either. He looked at Emily and just shrugged with a bewildered expression on his face.
They then basically frog-marched her into the back of a nearby van. Surely the joke had to end soon? Why were they being so rough? That was taking things a bit far! The cuffs were already hurting her wrists.
Emily found it difficult to keep her balance in the back of the van with her hands cuffed as they sped away from the landing pad and into the city. She had a small window across from her seat and caught flashes of scenery outside in between the bouncing and lurching. To her complete shock she noticed that everywhere she looked there were women going about their businesses, laughing, talking, pushing prams, and carrying shopping bags and so on. The usual city sights. The only problem was every single one of them was naked and wearing a black collar! She quickly realised this was way too elaborate for a prank. Something really weird was going on...
What is this? The fucking Twilight Zone?
Oh God!
The penny suddenly dropped. Could this be parallel universe theory? They'd just used an experimental hyperdrive system which took them thousands of light years out into space and back again in a few seconds. Was this a different Earth? Everything seemed so similar apart from all the female nudity everywhere. What was with that anyway? Everyone seemed so offended to see her wearing clothes. How did something like that happen, and why only women? Why not the men as well? And what's with the collars? Were women kept as pets here? The General didn't recognise her at all and seemed to think Collingwood was the captain. Yet he knew all about the mission, so the same events must have happened in both universes, just with different people in different roles. Perhaps the Emily from here was just another nude woman wandering around, and somewhere out in space there was another ship with another Collingwood and crew maybe landing back on her Earth?
Two Collingwoods... Oh God...
The thought made her shudder, yet he was the one most likely to figure out what had happened and how to reverse it.
"Time to hop out, missy," one of the cops instructed as he opened the rear door to the van, snapping her out of her thoughts. There would be time to try to figure all of this out later. Now she had to deal with whatever was happening in the here and now.
The van had stopped outside a busy police station and the cop took her arm and helped her down. She was then led up a wide flight of steps and through automatic doors into a large foyer which looked just like the kind of police station you'd see in the movies.
"ID please?" asked another cop at a counter.
"Umm... I've just been in space on a mission. I don't have anything on me," Emily replied nervously.
"Your collar, woman. What does it say on your collar?"
"Um... I don't have a collar," Emily responded.
"What? You took it off outside of your premises? You know that is an offence. Why would you go anywhere without your collar?"
"I-I'm sorry. I've never had one."
Emily wasn't sure how to handle the situation. Her instinct was to protest this horrible place. Maybe kick someone in the balls or report them all for violating her rights, but she knew enough already to know that wouldn't wash here. All she could do was play it by ear until she could get back to her crew and try to get the fuck out of here.
Oh God! We were flying instrument-free. Is going home again even an option? We hadn't even thought of parallel universes occurring. I'd never seriously considered that they actually existed outside of science fiction. If there was some way to measure and map what happened to us in space, we don't have it. At this point, though, that wouldn't really matter. Any other Earth would have to be better than this one.
"Never had one? That is not possible."
Emily noticed a naked woman nearby turn around, bend over, and spread her cheeks in front of a man. Then to her further surprise, the man unzipped his fly and started fucking her! Right there in the police station.
What the fuck? Isn't anyone going to do anything about that?
She looked back at the cops dealing with her. They weren't in the least bit surprised or even concerned. Instead, their attention seemed to be solely on her.
"Well, let us get you respectable then at least. Officers, if you could help the woman out of that clothing?"
Oh God no! They're not going to strip me, surely? Not here in front of everyone? Really?
She noticed two of the cops produced scissors from under the counter.
They're going to cut me out of my clothes?
"C'mon, this isn't necessary," Emily protested. "This is all I have to wear. If you destroy it, I won't have anything to put back on again afterwards. Please, at least uncuff me so I can take it off without ruining it."
Everyone within earshot laughed at that.
"Who ever heard of a grown woman wearing clothes? Have you not caused enough offence already? Have you no self-respect at all?"
This was getting out of hand too fast for her brain to keep up. Emily had no response and could only resign herself to the fact that they were going to strip her, right here right now, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Outmuscled with her hands cuffed, she was totally helpless. Every woman she had seen so far had been naked, and it looked like that was about to become her fate as well, whether she liked it or not. This was happening. She could only hope the ordeal would be short-lived and they could get back to the ship and out of there as soon as possible.
The scissors began to do their work, and within minutes she stood in only her government-issue shorts and T-Shirt. Moments later they cut up the sides and sleeves of the shirt before pulling its shredded remains unceremoniously from her body. Her upper body was left completely exposed, and with her hands still cuffed behind her back she could do nothing to hide her breasts or even put up a fight. She could only surrender and allow it as bit by bit she lost more and more of her clothing. The officers paused momentarily, as if deciding how to deal with her shorts, and then proceeded by stretching them roughly out from her body and cutting down at the hips. The ruined item was then pulled from between her legs, leaving her completely naked. Crimson faced, she could only hunch over to at least try to block the view of her genitals and pubic hair.
"What is going on here?" the first officer asked with some confusion. "No collar and you have hairs around your coupling area. Are you not a little old to be a deb?"
A deb? What the fuck is a deb?
It felt so wrong being naked out in the open, surrounded by fully clothed men. She could feel the air on her bare breasts, which just didn't feel right here in the middle of a public place. Her only real experience with being nude was between the shower and her bedroom in her home. Certainly not in front of people. Certainly not in public.
"Ok, 'Present'!" the officer demanded.
Emily stared at him blankly, not having a clue what he was asking. He looked at her with obvious surprise.
"You do not know what 'Present' means? Officers, please educate her. My goodness, even a deb should know what 'Present' means."
The two cops at her sides grabbed an arm each and pulled her up to her full height. Then they kicked her feet apart until she was standing with them slightly wider than shoulder-width. So much for modesty now.
"There we go, see. When a man tells you 'Present', this is the position you must assume. Feet apart at least that width, and hands behind your back. Luckily the cuffs mean they are already in the correct place, so you got that much right. Once you are in the position, you wait. Then if he wants to take you somewhere, he will tell you to 'Come'. Then you will follow him. I cannot believe you do not already know this. Girls learn this in school in their deb training. Tell me you are not a complete moron?"
Emily started to cry. This was too much. The humiliation was unbearable. She wanted to run. She wanted to fight. She wanted to scream at someone, but all she could do was stand there naked in front of this man and take it. Six years of Uni with a masters in aeronautical engineering, plus two more years of jet and space flight training and this stupid cop was calling her a moron, especially while she was in a completely vulnerable, confused, and frightened state. It felt like an extra kick to the stomach. Surely, he must have some sense of what she was feeling and take some pity on her?
"Wait a moment, officers," an obviously more senior officer interjected as he approached. "Missy? 'Sit'."
Emily looked around for a chair but could see none nearby. Did he mean sit on the floor? She looked back at him questioningly.
"You do not know what 'Sit' means either?" the senior officer gently asked. "Constables, I have seen this once before. Before your time we had a woman in here who had been raised off-grid by people who had crazy ideas, but it worked out fine in the end. All we had to do was put her through deb training and give her a belated Debutante. After that she became a valuable member of society. I think that might be all this one needs too."
A debutante? Did he mean a debutante ball?
Debutante balls were kind of an out-of-date practice on Emily's Earth, but some people still did them as part of an old custom. The idea was to introduce young women to society as a coming-of-age ceremony. These days it was more an excuse to wear elaborate gowns and practise old dances. Just a bit of fun, nothing more. Here, though, she suspected it meant something else.
"You would like to be a valuable member of society would you not, missy?" the senior officer asked, turning to Emily.
Emily could only nod in agreement. This was all beyond her understanding and she just wanted the ordeal to end.
"Ok then," he responded as he turned back to the other cops. "Constables, give her twenty with the rattan for wearing clothes and being uncollared. The penalty would usually be much more, but I think this one is ignorant of the laws due to no fault of her own. Yet there must still be some punishment for such a serious offence. Afterwards, assign her to a cell until we can find a social worker who can give her the basics to get her into this week's Debutante, which is... tomorrow night. My goodness, is it Thursday today already? What a week it has been! She can do the full deb training afterwards. The important thing for now is to get her collared and contributing to society. We cannot have untagged women getting about. They are far too important to let that happen."
"As you wish, sir," the cop behind the counter responded. Then he went to a cupboard at the back of the office and returned holding a long cane. Emily's eyes got big. They weren't seriously going to cane her? Wasn't being nude in front of everyone enough already?
He came around from behind the counter and stood in front of her.
"Missy, if I uncuff you, can I trust you to bend over and keep your hands on the counter until the punishment is completed?"
"Are you kidding me? You're not seriously going to hit me, are you?" Emily asked in horror.
"I guess that would be a no then," the cop replied. "I had hoped you could at least take it like a woman, but I guess it has to be the hard way. Officers, if you will?"
The two original cops grabbed hold of Emily and forced her to an apparatus in the centre of the station foyer. It looked like a piece of gym equipment. Emily had noticed it and wondered briefly why it was in the middle of the floor and what its purpose was while she was being marched in. She was about to find out.
She was uncuffed and then pushed into the apparatus before being bent over a waist-high platform at the front. Then her hands were forced out in front of her and re-cuffed around a post. She was stuck in a bent over position and could barely move. The humiliation of having her naked bottom out in this position was almost beyond her, but the terror of what was about to come was even more overwhelming. She wanted to scream. Then to add further insult, she felt her legs being forced apart and leather cuffs fastened around her ankles. Were they really going to hit her? Out here with nothing on in front of everyone as well? Adding even greater insult to her predicament, she looked around and noticed most of the occupants of the station had formed a circle around her.
"For the crime of being clothed and uncollared in public, this woman has been sentenced to 20 strokes of the rattan."
Emily felt the first stroke across her bare buttocks and wanted to scream. The pain was excruciating. So excruciating that she forgot her nudity for a moment. Two more strokes and she did scream. Tears were flowing down her face which soon turned to rage.
"I'm going to kill you bastards for this! Oh Jesus Christ. Ow! What the actual fuck? Oh, you're all going to pay for this. Ow! Jesus!" she cried.
Still the strokes continued. Emily had lost count while still in the single digits. Then finally it stopped.
"The punishment has been served," the cop announced at last. "And now for the crime of threatening officers of the law in the act of performing their duties, 10 more strokes will be administered. You would do well to keep your mouth shut this time, missy."
"No. please! I'm sorry!" Emily begged, but it was no use. The cane again came down on her buttocks ten more times. This time she managed to bite her lip and just let the tears flow freely instead, all the while burying her face into her outstretched arms.
She continued sobbing as she felt the cuffs being loosened from her ankles and then her hands were free again at last, only to have them cuffed behind her back again moments later. Then she was marched past all of the onlookers, many of whom were clapping! If the indignity of being totally naked and having her bare bum caned in front of them all wasn't enough already, now she was sure there were a series of angry red welts across it as well, which all of these people were now looking at and applauding as she was being led away! She could feel her naked breasts jiggling and a breeze between her legs. This was beyond mortifying, and her butt now felt like it was on fire!
She was led to a backroom where a camera was set up, which she was made to stand in front of. Behind her she could see a height chart.
Mugshots? Even worse, nude mugshots?
She did her best to wipe the tears from her face using her shoulders, before realising how ridiculous that was at this point. This wasn't a picture for her driver's license or a passport, and it wasn't her choice for any of this to be happening.
She was asked to stand facing the camera. Then turn to both sides. Then to her horror the cop came in for close-ups. He took close-ups of her breasts, her stomach and of course her pubic area. He seemed to be interested in photographing every little mole and blemish. This was unbelievable!
"Ok, now if you could 'Display' please, missy?" he asked. Emily looked confused. "Oh, you have not done your deb training yet. It is so weird for a woman of your age not to know the very basics. Ok, I am going to need you to turn around and face the wall. That is it. Now bend over. Legs further apart than that. A bit further."
Emily couldn't contain her blushes having to pose in this way for this man. As if he hadn't seen enough already.
"Now use your hands to spread your cheeks apart."
WTF!
"You're not serious!" Emily asked in shock. "You can't ask me to do that! No, I can't do it. I won't!"
"It seems you liked the rattan I assume then?" the officer threatened.
Oh God no! Anything but that!
The pain was more than anything she had ever experienced. There was no way out of this then. She would have to go through with it. This place was so fucked up!
"Fine, no I'm sorry," Emily pleaded, knowing there was no way she could bear any more caning on her poor rear end. "Just give me a moment. I'll do it, ok."
She reached around and pulled herself open as best she could with her hands still cuffed. She winced at the pain of touching her poor bottom, not to mention how degrading it was to have to do this. And in front of a man! No one had seen her butthole before, and she certainly hadn't opened herself like this for anyone ever. Not even her doctor back home!
This is unbelievable!
"A little wider please, missy. And place your hands a little lower and closer in so you also pull the lips of your sex open as well. Much wider than that please. That is it. Ok, hold it there. My goodness, those hairs are disgusting!"
Emily felt like she was using all of her strength and hoped she didn't injure herself, especially her skin which felt red raw from the whipping. The comment about her pubic hair added to her humiliation and she felt sure her face was as red as her butt. She heard the camera's shutter clicking as the officer came in close. He must've been inches from her! At last, he stood back again.
"Ok, that is it for now but I will need you to come back to the station after Debutante so we can register your ID. For now, we will keep you in a cell until we can organise a social worker for you. Then you will be free to go."
Free to go? That couldn't come soon enough. Then with complete horror she realised that being free now would almost certainly mean walking about naked everywhere, like all of the other women she had seen. Could she actually do that? But then maybe anything was better than this police station? Maybe it wouldn't be for long, and she and her crew could escape again back to their own Earth? Maybe she could deal with it if it was just for a few days? Hey, maybe it was kind of a weird adventure she could look back on and smile about years from now? Right now, though, with the humiliation of being naked and caned in public, not to mention the pain of the experience, it was difficult to feel anything positive about any of it. It was degrading and painful. Nothing more.
The officer led her to a cell and finally her hands were uncuffed. She looked around for a blanket or something that she could use to cover herself but there was nothing. The only items in the room were a toilet and a bunk bed which was only a bare mattress. She sat on it and cried. Then lay face-down because sitting was too uncomfortable.
It felt like she lay in the cell like that for hours and not a soul had checked in on her, so it was with some shock when a male voice spoke to her outside of her cell.
"Well, it looks like someone's been a very naughty girl..."
Collingwood!
Emily quickly rolled over and sat on the bunk, covering her breasts with her arms, and hunching over so he saw as little of her body as possible, then she looked up at him. He was smiling! The arsehole!
"What the fuck, Collingwood? What is going on with this place? Do you have any news? Can we get out of here anytime soon?" Emily asked in desperation.
"Well, I hope you haven't been hurt too badly, for what it's worth, Captain, but I must say your lack of clothing is quite becoming. I think I'm seeing you in a whole new light."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. I hope you're enjoying yourself because I sure as hell aren't. So, what's going on? When can we get out of here?"
"Really? Are you sure you'd want to leave so soon? The boys and I are fitting right in. The girls here are awesome. Just one word and you can have them anytime and anyway you like. They never say no. I think Norris has dehydrated himself already, and I must admit I haven't exactly denied myself the pleasures of this paradise either."
"Collingwood! Fuck!"
Emily stared at him aghast, scarcely able to believe he could be so matter of fact about all this and had even teased her about her situation. Did he not have any empathy for her at all, let alone any sense of outrage that women could be treated this way? However, with Collingwood it was best to just ignore his bullshit and continue on. He had a twisted sense of humour at times and often overstepped the line between funny and offensive. Whether he did it deliberately or not remained a mystery.
"Yes, well, as you might have ascertained already," he continued, "it seems we have proven parallel universe theory correct, and what we have here is just like our own Earth but with a few changes. Aside from the obvious, with the state of undress amongst the female population, I have found doppelgangers for some people we know from our Earth, like the General, and they seem to be familiar with some of us. Yet for some reason I have been unable to find any family. Some of the guys don't seem to exist here at all. You too appear to be an anomaly. No one has ever heard of you here and there doesn't seem to be any record of you even existing."
"Really? How can that be?" Emily asked. "Surely, if parallel worlds exist, then we must exist in all of them in some way?"
"Not necessarily. I expect there are worlds where humans don't even exist at all. In this particular world, we are also hampered somewhat by another factor. If you take a close look at the collars women wear here, you'll see an engraved tag with a number. The girls seem to be only known by those numbers. They don't have names of their own. Beggared if I know why, but they seem happy with the situation too. That lack of personalisation may be why I can't find you or many other people in any records that I currently have access to. However, the General did mention that a lass joined us on our mission, apparently as our on-board entertainment, would you believe, but their records here don't include photo IDs so I'm not sure if she was your double. The others, though, I have no idea. They may have doubles here and I just can't locate them, or perhaps a distant ancestor died accidentally prior to procreating, so their whole bloodline disappeared. It's hard to say."
"Fuck.... Ok, so we're in a parallel world. Can you get us out of here or what?"
"Well, the good news is I have data, so I have something to work with. The bad news is that it may take years for me to put something together to try to get home again. I did request to have you join me in the research team, but the General won't hear of it. Apparently, they have other plans for you here, at least for the time being, and blowed if I can convince him otherwise. I can't even get you out of this cell. I had enough trouble gaining permission to come and see you in here. I must say I'm glad I did. Who knew you had such a lovely figure hiding under those daggy starship overalls."
"You can be such a pig sometimes, Collingwood. This is not a joke to me. How would you like to be in my shoes right now?" Emily chastised.
"What? I was just giving you a compliment" Collingwood replied in feigned surprise, before smiling to indicate that the comment was intended as a playful mocking of her situation exactly as Emily had taken it to be. "Unfortunately, Captain, there is nought for it but to try to make the most of things for the moment, as should I. It seems we're going to be here for quite a while."
The thought made Emily's heart sink. The events of the day had been hard enough. She couldn't imagine it going on for years.
"Please do what you can, Collingwood, and come find me anytime you have any news."
"That I will, Captain," Collingwood assured her. "And what have you learned of this world thus far? It seems you have been mistreated somewhat?"
"That's an understatement. They literally cut my clothes to pieces in the main entry and then chained me bent over and caned my arse in front of everyone, apparently for the 'crime' of wearing clothes! I've never been so humiliated in my life! Then they photographed me, even taking close-ups of my lady parts before depositing me here. And now they refuse to give me a thing to wear!"
"Yes, well, you may need to get used to that for a while. Being nude, I mean, not the corporal punishment I expect, assuming you are able to play along. I haven't seen a woman wearing any clothing here yet. As you pointed out, it appears to be against the law here. Not that any woman would be inclined to dress from what I've witnessed here so far anyway. They actually seem happy with the situation."
"Sexist pigs! What woman would willingly walk about naked in public?" Emily spat.
"Well, I guess you can get used to anything if it's been done for long enough, and this particular custom goes back so far that no one can remember it ever being different," Collingwood replied. "I know for a fact that both the men and women here are disgusted by the very idea of women wearing clothing. It seems akin eating a pork sandwich in a synagogue, only worse. So, from that I imagine that they would feel equally uncomfortable on our Earth."
"Jeez Louise..." Emily responded. "Just how did things get so screwed up here? Don't the women have spines? What about feminism? What about the suffragette movement of the 20th century? Did that even happen here?"
"It would appear not," Collingwood replied. "Nevertheless, women do command a certain level of respect here, even if they do tag them like cattle and don't allow them clothing. I've not once seen a man treat a woman with any disrespect, well aside from the enforced nudity and such. In fact, the level of crime and violence in this place appears to be minimal in comparison to our Earth."
"Yeah, tell that to my poor butt right now. If that's not violent or disrespecting a woman, I don't know what is. What they force women to do here under threat of that is beyond deplorable."
"Perhaps, but then who are we to judge? Everyone certainly seems happy with the arrangement, even the women."
"If they're all so happy, why would they cane me for such a small issue?" Emily asked, adjusting her position slightly to take some pressure off her aching bottom.
"Well, for them it's not a small issue, I suppose," Collingwood mused. "On that basis I would caution you to be on your toes. My lack of familiarity with the customs of this place has landed me in hot water once or twice already, which required some fast talking to get myself out of it. And I am a man too, which seems to make quite a difference in social standing here. I would imagine a woman could not escape a social faux pas so easily, as I'm sure your backside can attest to already."
"You're not telling me anything I don't know," Emily replied, her butt starting to sting badly from having to sit on it. "So, what do we do?"
"Well, if you want my advice, I recommend revealing as little as possible about ourselves or our Earth to anyone for the time being," Collingwood suggested. "Avoid talk of your education or work, or any mention of feminist concepts. They're kind of weird about family too, so don't bring that topic up. Just go along with whatever you're directed to do and keep your eyes open to what is happening around you so you can learn from it. As much as it looks like it, this place isn't our home, and we must adapt."
"I have no idea how I'm going to adapt to walking about naked or keeping my mouth shut if someone says something really sexist or debasing to me, but I guess I'll have to try," Emily responded. "Please do what you can to get us home again as soon as possible, Collingwood. I'm not sure how long I can last in this fucked up misogynistic environment."
"That I will, Captain, you can rest assured. Speaking of which, I must be off. The General has issued me a lab, and a car is waiting to take me there. The sooner I start, the sooner I can get all of us home again. Jenkins is a new father and is fretting he may never see his son again, and your situation alone is enough to put this place behind us ASAP, as adorable as you are in your current state of undress."
"It amazes me how you can be both pal and pig in the same breath, Collingwood," Emily replied, shaking her head slowly in disbelief at his insensitivity.
Collingwood smiled in response.
"Think of the science, Captain. This is an opportunity for us to observe a completely different culture, as abhorrent as we may find it at this moment," he added, perhaps in an attempt to cheer her up. In his mind it was about the science. He looked at everything with such complete pragmatism that he almost had no concept of where the line existed between morality and depravity. He wasn't abhorred by this world as much as he was fascinated by it. "Now, as hard as it is for me to drag myself away from your naked loveliness, I shall bid you farewell for the moment. I will check in on you at every opportunity and track you down should you become part of the system here so I can keep you updated with my progress."
"Thank you, Collingwood. Anything you can do will be much appreciated. I feel so alone right now, and I'm really frightened about what's going to happen to me."
"I understand perfectly, and for the record, I am sorry this has happened to you."
And with that he turned and departed. Emily suddenly realised how uplifting it had been to see a familiar face but was also glad at last to relax her position and lay on her stomach again. Her butt was still stinging badly, and it had been more than a little uncomfortable to sit on it. If it weren't for the sake of modesty, she wouldn't have done it at all, but better that than allow Collingwood to see any more of her than absolutely necessary.
At least another hour passed before another voice roused Emily from her troubled thoughts. This time it was female.
"Hello?"
Emily turned to see a naked woman standing outside her cell with a cop. The cop opened her cell and let the woman in.
"Hello, I am your social worker, and I am here to help you any way I can," the woman began.
"Emily," Emily greeted while holding out her hand.
"Err... ok," the woman replied, while taking her hand.
"Oh, I'm sorry, do you not shake hands here? Where I'm from it's the normal greeting," Emily responded.
"Oh no, it is fine. I was just startled that you used a child's name."
"A child's name? Um... ok. What name do you go by then?"
The woman appeared puzzled by that for a moment.
"No, it is me who should be sorry perhaps. Did your education not extend to reading?" she asked with some concern, while placing her thumb under her collar to hold the tag out. "I am 4NRP4W."
Emily looked at the silver tag fastened to the black leather collar around her neck and noticed it was clearly engraved with large characters spelling out "4NRP4W". It was so bizarre to see.
Women aren't even allowed to have names here?
She wondered what possible reason there could be for that other than to demean them even further.
"Oh, sorry. You're right. Yes, I can read," Emily replied, trying to cover whatever error in judgment she had made. "Um... I'm not from around here and I'm still getting used to the way you do things."
"I understand you were raised off-grid and have not yet undergone Debutante?" 4NRP4W asked.
"Umm... yes, I guess so," Emily replied cautiously.
"Well, it is rather obvious. You use a child's name, you have hairs around your coupling area and you wear no collar. No grown woman would be seen in such a state otherwise."
The mention of pubic hair drew Emily's eyes down between 4NRP4W's legs and she saw that she had no hair there at all. As a matter of fact, such had been the state of every other woman she had seen. Why had she not noticed it until now? That must be what the comments from the cops were about. No one here was used to seeing it on a woman. Was that to be her fate here as well? As if being nude wasn't enough...
"Tell me 4NR... err P4W, what is to become of me?" Emily asked.
"Just use '4NR' if it is easier. It is usually the way between friends, as I am sure we will be soon enough," 4NR responded. "To answer your question, I have been assigned to get you ready for Debutante tomorrow night. Normally girls are given a one-month course prior to Debutante but considering your age it is now a matter of urgency. The course will have to wait until afterwards in your case."
"Can you tell me what will happen to me at Debutante?" Emily asked, dreading what she might be told.
"You do not know Debutante? It is a coming-of-age celebration. It is the most important day of a girl's life. She looks forward to it more than anything," 4NR began. "One month before her nineteenth birthday, a girl becomes a deb and officially begins her training. Then on the week of her birthday she is revealed to all and is coupled for the first time as the world watches. After that she is a woman. It happens every Friday night for all of the girls coming of age that week, and it is uplinked live in every shire. It is our most popular Vid show. How can you not have seen it?"
"Um... we didn't have it where I grew up," Emily lied. Well, she'd never seen that show anyway.
"My, you have been kept in the dark. I guess I have a lot of work before me," 4NR pondered out loud.
Wait, coupled for the first time? That can't be right...
Emily suddenly realised that, apparently, she was to have sex on camera.
"Um... can you tell me what will actually happen to me during the ceremony?" Emily asked with concern.
"Little more than I just told you, but there are some ceremonial details we will need to go over. I will guide you through the particulars in the morning when I come to collect you. The court has assigned me to you, and you shall reside with me at least until you have completed your Debutante course. Unfortunately, the police will not let me take you away tonight."
"Are you saying I have to have sex with a man on camera tomorrow night?" Emily clarified. "A man I haven't met before, and in front of people?"
"Well, five men actually. It would not be a proper Debutante if the new woman was coupled to just one," 4NR replied candidly, as if it was no big deal at all, which apparently it wasn't in this world.
Five? So, I'm going to be gang-banged???
"All of them at once, or consecutively?" Emily asked in horror, as if one option was better than the other.
4NR just smiled.
"I am sure you have lots of questions and I will answer them all without judgement tomorrow," she replied. "I feel saddened you have suffered such an abusive upbringing that you are not informed of such things, or that you seem to think it is a bad thing. The greatest honours in a woman's life are to give pleasure and to reproduce."
4NR gave a sad smile and placed her hand on Emily's knee. Emily felt somewhat comforted that she seemed to have a sympathetic friend here at least, and someone who might be able to give her some answers, but the things she had been telling her about what lay in store for her were beginning to make her feel weak and nauseous.
4NR departed at that, waving and smiling to Emily as the door to the cell closed and locked once again.
Emily's mind was racing. She didn't like the idea of Debutante at all. Being 'revealed to all'? Gang-bangs? An audience? Cameras?
What the fuck is wrong with the people here?
She was alone in a strange place, nude and cold. There wasn't even a damn blanket to cover herself up with, and her butt was still stinging like a motherfucker! Sleep did not come easily.