My name is Joanna but most people call me Joe. I'm 49 years old and have been married for 27 years. I love my husband more now then the day we got married. I know that sounds corny, but it's true. We have 2 children and our lives are great. Both of our kids are out of the house so we have become early empty nesters. My husband owns his own construction business and works a lot. I help him at the office but only a few hours a week. I have a lots of free time but somehow my days are always filled.
My husband Nick and I have a great sex life, but sometimes I need to take things into my own hands, if you know what I mean. I have some fun toys that we have bought over the years to spice up our bedroom time and sometimes when I'm home by myself during the day, I make good use of them. We travel a good deal and for some reason, hotel sex turns me on so much more than when we're at home. I'm not sure why, but I get horny as hell when we have sex in a strange room. Also when we're away, I tend to get more daring.
On this one particular trip we were in this small, but very exotic hotel in the Florida keys, we were there for a week. We planned on lazy days and sex filled nights. On the first day I noticed a boy around 20ish who kept looking at me and I was really kind of liking the attention. I'm not a heavy woman, but I'm also not a super model either. I'm what you would call curvy, and if I do say so myself, kind of sexy. I didn't say anything to my husband, I just keep one eye on him throughout the day, and at times I teased him a little.
As an example when I put on suntan lotion I spread it on my chest and made sure my hands went pretty deep into my suit so as to get some cream on my tits. I also made sure I got a lot of cream on my inner thighs, so naturally I had to open my legs a little wider than normal. I was teasing him as much as I could without being too obvious. This went on all day, and I would occasionally turn over so my ass was on display for him too. This guy seemed to be there alone because I never saw him with anyone.
When I went into the pool, I would always stay near the edge where he was sitting. I did all of this without my husband's knowledge, not because I thought he would be mad, it was just something that was turning me on and I was having fun doing it. At one point my husband was sound asleep on the lounge and I decided I needed a drink. I made my way to the bar and ordered a nice cold margarita. As I was standing there my little friend came up and ordered a drink. Now let me tell you something, seeing this kid close up and standing right next to me, I realized for the first time, he was gorgeous. He had a great body with lots of muscles, and he was really really handsome.
I decided to break the ice. I looked at him, gave him a smile and a quick "hello." He smiled back and returned the "Hello." I made some small talk with him about how hot it was, and how slow the bar tender was, things like that. As I stood there talking to him, my girly parts were starting to tingle because all I could think about was how he must look without any clothes on, and how big his cock must be. All I can say is, I was getting horny as hell. I finally said, "see ya later" and left the bar. As I walked away I felt my suit had ridden up my ass a little, but I left it that way to give my new friend something to look at.
I went right into the pool since Nick was still sleeping and just floated around. After a few minutes I saw my cute little friend come back and as he passed he said, "by the way, my name is Mike, and thanks for chatting with me back at the bar, I'm here by myself and it's kinda boring."
I said, "mine is Joe, and your welcome for the chat. If you don't mind me asking, why are you here alone?" He told me he was studying hotel hospitality in school and this was a requirement for him to study how the "smaller" hotels operate. I pointed out my husband and told him we were here on a little vacation and were really enjoying this hotel. I looked over at Nick and saw he was awake, so I said goodbye and went back to my lounge. I told Nick about my new friend and he didn't seem to really care much. An hour or so later, the sun was starting to set so we decided to go back to the room and get ready for dinner.
Our room was on the first floor and tucked away in the corner. At first I didn't like it because we really didn't have a view, but then I changed my mind because I realized it was out of the way, and more private than all the other rooms. When we got back to the room I jumped into the shower first. I came out wrapped in a towel and realized my husband never closed the drapes. I went over to shut them and I noticed my friend Mike was sitting right outside on a chair that faced our room. I don't know what came over me, but after seeing him there I decided to close the curtains, but not all the way. Nick went into the shower and I turned on another light.
I made sure I was in line with the open part of the curtain and I dropped my towel. I started putting on my makeup and doing my hair in the nude, in plain view of Mike, knowing he was watching. Nick takes long showers so I had a lot of time to show off my goods. I made sure I put on my body cream and took longer than usual on my tits. I wanted nothing more at that moment to lay on my bed and play with my toys. When Nick came out we finished getting ready and went out to dinner. We both had a good amount to drink and got back to our room pretty drunk and very horny.
I told Nick to go wash up first and when he did, I walked over to the curtains and opened them half way. When he came out he said, "you feeling frisky tonight with those curtains open?"
I said, "sure why not, nobody comes down this end and besides it'll be fun living dangerously." He really liked when I did things out of the ordinary.
I went into the bathroom, cleaned up and walked out naked. Nick had the lights off so I left the bathroom light on and only closed the door halfway, I wanted Mike to be able to see what was going on. I said, "I need light to see what you're gonna do to me, and I also need to see that stiff cock of yours." He didn't seem to mind so I climbed into the bed with him. I started to play with his cock because I needed it to be extra hard. Letting young Mike see me naked, made me extremely horny. When he was really hard I took him in my mouth and used my tongue to make him even harder. When he was as big as I could get him, I got out of bed, walked over to the window and leaned on it.
I told him to fuck me from behind while I leaned on the window ledge. I knew Mike was outside watching us, but when I looked, the chair he was sitting in before, was empty. I felt a little let down, but I was still enjoying every inch of my husband's cock. All of a sudden I saw Mike, he was standing behind one of the bushes and was barely visible. My pussy was now wide open and my husband was doing his best to fill it up. I looked back at Nick and he was looking up at the ceiling just enjoying every thrust. I raised my hand, pointed at Mike and gave Mike the "come closer" signal with my finger.
I stood up, walked over to the bed and got on all fours facing the window. I told Mike to eat my pussy from behind and he gladly did as I asked. As soon as his tongue was licking my pussy I saw Mike peering around the corner of the window. He stayed back far enough so he wouldn't be seen. I looked right at him and smiled, he smiled back. After a couple minutes my husband's tongue must have gotten tired because he knelt behind me and buried his cock all the way in. I watched as Mike backed away so Nick couldn't see him. I knew I had to move so Nick wouldn't see him. I got up and told him to lay on his back. I knelt in front of Nick and had my ass facing the window.
I bent down and started to give my husband another amazing blowjob standing next to the bed. I was bent over with my ass and pussy facing the window, giving my friend a great view. As I was sucking my husband, I grabbed my vibrator, reached under, and started playing with myself at the same time. It always makes my husband happy when I play with myself. So now not only was I making my husband happy, I was giving Mike a nice show at the same time. All this was too much, I had an orgasm in seconds. I decided I needed more so I stopped sucking Nick's cock, I laid on my back and got serious with my toys while they both watched. First I grabbed my very thick dildo, greased it up and pushed it all the way in without any hesitation at all.
I was really enjoying fucking myself and at the same time, Nick was playing with himself too. I decided if I was gonna show off for my husband and my new friend, then it had to be good. With my big dildo still inside me, I turned on my vibrator and put it right on my clit. I told Nick to play with my tits at the same time. I was cuming again in seconds. I knew this had to be exceptional, so I pulled out my dildo kept cuming until I started squirting all over the bed. Seeing this, Nick couldn't hold back any longer, he came all over me. I hadn't seen him cum that much in years.
When we both finished he laughed and said, "wow, you were loud, I think the neighbors heard you." I was mortified and excited at the same time, I was hoping only Mike heard me, but truthfully, I didn't care, that was one of the best fuck's we've had in years. The next day as we were heading to the pool, we passed Mike and I said, "hi Mike, how are you on this beautiful morning?"
He said, "I'm great thanks."
Then I said, "by the way, this is my husband Nick, he was the one sleeping when we met at the bar yesterday."
Mike said, "yeah I've seen you around, nice to meet you," and with that we went to our lounges. All I could think about while laying on the lounge was that Mike probably went back to his room last night and jerked himself off thinking of me. I all of a sudden had an idea.
I went right past him on my way to the bar and as I was walking by I looked down at him and said, "be at your watching post tonight at midnight" and I kept walking. My idea was simple, get my husband drunk enough where he'll just pass out when we get back to the room. My husband has only one flaw, if he's in the mood, he drinks a lot, I needed tonight to be one of those nights.
I suggested we eat at the hotel knowing that if we were not driving, he would drink more. We went to a late dinner and I ate slow, he finished first and ordered his third drink. when I finished dinner I noticed he was already slurring his words a little and he was well on his way. I told him I wanted a night cap, so at around 11pm we went to the bar. I was ordering my second glass of wine while he was ordering his fifth Vodka on the rocks. when we got to the room at around 11:40 he staggered his way to the bed and was snoring loudly inside of 5 minutes.
I know from experience, when he's this far gone, absolutely nothing wakes him up. I went into the bathroom, put on my sexiest thong and bra and came out into the room. I walked over to the window to see if the audience I was looking for was there. He was. With one hand I started to rub my pussy over the material while standing right in front of the window. My other hand found it's way to my tits and I started to rub them as well. I slowly slipped my hand under the patch that was covering my pussy, then I squat down a little to make it easier and started to play with my pussy.
After a couple of minutes, I took my hand out and put my fingers in my mouth. A very sexy move if I do say so myself, not to mention it turned me on too. I was Carefully listening for Nick's snoring to make sure he was still out, and he was. I went to my drawer and grabbed my dildo and lube. I pulled the chair in front of the window, sat down, put a leg over each arm and gave Mike the best view of my pussy yet. I noticed he was a lot closer to the window this time, but still in the shadows. I oiled up my dildo, pushed it in and gave him a show to remember. After two intense orgasms, I figured Mike had enough memories to jerk himself to sleep.
During the entire show I put on for Mike, Nick was snoring his head off. I went to the bathroom, cleaned myself up and went to sleep next to my husband. For the following days we were there, I never saw Mike again. I assumed he had left and that was the end. I guess technically I cheated on my husband, but not really. Nick never knew and I never saw Mike after that night, so the deep love I have for my husband is still 100% intact. Who knows, maybe one day there will be another Mike for me to show off in front of.