Sue called me and said she had a favor to ask.
"This doesn't sound good," I said, "what's up?"
"I'd like you to have sex with my friend Lisa."
"Why?" I asked.
"Well," she said, "she's been really focused on her career, and told me she misses sex, but doesn't want a relationship."
"Can't she just go and pick up some rando in a bar?"
"She wants somebody trustworthy," she said.
"And I'm the best you can do?"
"You're trustworthy, and you're good in the sack. It's not like she'll have some clown cum after 3 thrusts and be frustrated."
"And you're OK with this?"
"Yes, it's my idea."
"What's wrong with her? Can't she go on Tinder or Bumble or whatever?" I asked. This couldn't be as simple as she was making it sound.
"There's nothing wrong with her."
"Is she ugly?"
"No."
"Obese?"
"No."
"Smelly?"
"No."
"Then why can't she get a real date?"
"She doesn't want a real date, she just wants sex," she said. "Please? I'd like to suggest it to her, and I'll bring her over. We can go out, if you'd like to get to know her a little, but she's really nice, and you can always say no when you've met her."
"Does she have any weird kinks, like she's going to kill and eat me after sex?"
"Not that I'm aware of."
"Well that makes me feel much better," I said. "Fine, bring her over some time."
"When?'
"Surprise me."
---
About a week later, there was a knock on the door, and Sue was there, with what I assumed was Lisa. She was pretty, tall, with straight black hair. Small tits, though, and she was quite skinny. She was wearing a knee length skirt, a blouse and low heels.
Sue led her in, and introduced us.
Lisa seemed nice enough, if a little embarrassed by the whole thing. We all sat down in the living room.
"So I understand you're not looking for friends, you're just looking to get laid," I said, getting straight to the point. We weren't supposed to be making friends here.
"Yeah, pretty much," she said.
"Well that makes things easy. Shall we get started?"
She stood up, smoothing down her skirt. I stood up too, and started towards the bedroom. They both followed me.
"So now you want to watch?" I asked Sue.
"I'm just going to make sure she's OK," she said.
In the bedroom, I took my shirt off, and watched Lisa unbuttoning her blouse. She had a white bra on underneath, and having taken her blouse off, unhooked it and showed us her tits. She stepped out of her shoes. I took my socks and jeans off, and watched Lisa unzip her skirt. She had nice legs, once you could see all of them, and was wearing white panties.
I took my underwear off, and as I straightened up, I saw her looking at my dick. She pulled her panties down and off, showing a neatly trimmed pussy. She looked at Sue, and covered herself a little.
I sat on the edge of the bed.
"So, how do you want to do this?" I asked.
"Missionary, I guess?" she said.
"OK," I said, "lie down."
She laid down on her back on the bed.
"Can we use a condom?"
"Certainly," I said.
I stood up and opened the drawer in the bedside cabinet, and pulled one out.
"Let me," said Sue.
She took the packet from me, and sat on the edge of the bed to open it. Once she'd got it out, she took hold of my dick and pulled me towards her. She sucked on the head for a minute or so to get me properly hard, then unrolled the condom on my dick.
I knelt down on the bed between Lisa's spread legs, and rubbed my dick up and down on her pussy. She was already pretty wet, maybe from watching Sue suck my dick, and she closed her eyes and moaned. I guess it really had been a while. I leant forward, supporting my weight on one arm while I lined my dick up with her pussy, and rubbed it up and down a few more times, causing her to shudder.
I slowly pushed it in a little way, and started rocking back and forth, going in a little deeper each time until I was all the way in. I laid all the way forward, with my arms either side of her head, and started gently grinding away.
"Is this OK?" I asked.
"Oh yes," she said, "fuck me."
She put her arms around me, and pulled me down to be on top of her completely. She started kissing me, urgently, and then she came, shuddering for a few seconds.
"Do you want to stop now?" I asked softly.
"No," she said, "keep going, I'm sure I can cum again."
Well, she did. I reckon she must have cum 5 or 6 times by the time I came.
I pulled out before my dick went soft. I gave Lisa a wash cloth, and was about to pull the condom off when Sue said "I've got it." She pulled the condom off, and put it in a wash cloth, then sucked my dick clean. Lisa lay there and watched this.
"You two have an odd relationship, don't you?" she asked.
"Oh yes," I said. I pulled my underwear and jeans on, and went into the living room so they could talk about me.
They came out of the bedroom almost immediately. Lisa was only wearing her panties and blouse.
"So tell me about your odd relationship," she asked me.
I looked at Sue.
"Shouldn't this come from you?" I asked her.
"Go ahead," she said.
"OK," I said to her, then turned to Lisa. "Sue's an exhibitionist, and gets me to help her with her little games."
"How did I not know about this? What sort of games?" asked Lisa.
"Lots of stuff," I said.
"Why don't you get more comfortable?" I asked Sue, and she stripped her dress off over her head. She was wearing her boy shorts.
"Do you want to order us a pizza?" I asked.
Sue smiled. It was early afternoon anyway, so she picked up the phone and called.
We sat and chatted about some of the milder games Sue and I had played, like having sex in the movies, and about twenty minutes later there was a knock at the door. I got up, got my wallet and put some money on the counter, then sat down. Sue got up and went to go to the door, but I said "naked", and she took her boy shorts off. Then went and got the door.
She walked back in to the living room with Sean, one of the pizza delivery guys we'd played with before, carrying a pizza in a box. Lisa was surprised to see the strange guy and pulled her blouse tighter around her with her hands. Sue put the box down on the table, and went and got the money, giving it to Sean. He hadn't taken his eyes off her the whole time.
He stood there in front of her, and she was standing a little bit too close to him.
"Would you like to rub my tits?" she asked.
He grabbed them, and mauled away for a minute or so.
"How about I give you a tip," she said, and knelt down in front of him, reaching for his belt. He looked at Lisa and me, smiling, as she unzipped him, pulling his dick out.
I shrugged, and she started sucking his dick. After a few minutes, he was really getting into it, so she let go and had him jack off over her tits as she held them up for him. She sat on her heels, rubbing his cum over her skin as he put his dick away and zipped up. I walked him to the door.
"Thanks, man," he said to me as he left.
I went back to the living room and opened the pizza box. Sue was wiping her tits clean with a wash cloth, Lisa was staring at her. I got some plates and offered them some pizza.
"That was incredible," Lisa said, taking a slice. "How often do you do this?"
"Every now and then," Sue said, "maybe once a week to once a month."
"Don't you have Dave?" asked Lisa.
"Yes," said Sue, "but he doesn't know, or need to know, about any of this. I don't think he'd approve. It's not like we're exclusive or anything."
"Does Dave know that?" I asked. Sue gave me a hard look.
"What else do you do? Do you ever let them cum in your mouth? Fuck you?" asked Lisa.
"I'll let them cum in my mouth," Sue said.
"I'm just amazed, I never saw this side of you," said Lisa.
"It turns me on," said Sue. "I really like it, but it scares me sometimes. I couldn't do any of this without him to look after me."
"And Dave doesn't know any of this?" asked Lisa.
"Nothing," said Sue.
"Did you want to do anything else now?" I asked the ladies.
"What do you mean?" asked Lisa.
"Well, I could probably organize a gang bang," I said.
"Uh, no," said Sue. "This is her day."
"Lisa?" I said.
She smiled and said "no, thanks, I'm good."
"Could we fuck?" Sue asked. "Watching you two and sucking him has got me pretty turned on."
I smiled. "How do you want to do it?" I asked.
Sue stood up and said "how about cowgirl, on the floor here while Lisa watches?"
I got up, and Lisa came and knelt down in front of me and started unbuttoning my jeans. She pulled them, and my underwear down, and I stepped out of them.
I moved over to Sue, and she sucked my dick into her mouth, licking it along its length for a minute or so. She told me to lie down on the floor, straddled me, and lowered herself down until she could stroke my dick through her pussy lips. Once she had my dick nice and wet, she put it in her and settled down on me.
She lifted herself up and down, and leant forward, supporting herself on her arms. I reached up and played with her tits until she came. She got up off me, and I watched her settle down between my legs, sucking my dick and licking my balls until I came in her mouth, and she was happy about that. Eventually we all got up and got into the shower and washed ourselves and each other.
We spent the afternoon drinking wine, finishing off the pizza and talking, sitting there naked.
Lisa said "we should do this again some time" as they were getting ready to leave.
"I'm sure I could bring you over and play again some other time, if you want," said Sue.