Oh my God... What a day. So much has changed; I'm not sure what I'm going to do. At the beginning of the week I was confident, determined, I knew where my life was going, and what I wanted. Now everything has changed, and I don't know what to do.
I'll start at the beginning. Justine woke me up from where I had slept on the couch. She repeated the same wake-up method of spanking my on my breasts and crotch. She sent me off to shower and do my hair and make-up. When I got back down she and Tina were having bagels and coffee. Justine told me I could have breakfast if I stood in front of them. I was starving, so I stood naked in front of the two girls. It was completely surreal, eating a bagel while they played with my naked body.
Justine and Tina had brought clothes in Justine's work-out bag, so they got dressed while I remained naked. Finally, right as we were about to leave, Justine gave me my outfit. At first I was relieved to see it was one of my more professional outfits. The skirt was a bit short, but the matching blazer has a very nice cut to it. There was also a nice white blouse, which could button up to be quite modest. Then I saw that she had picked out a bright red demi-cup bra that Brad gave me. He was trying to get me to dress more provocatively, but I had never worn it. As I put it on I had a hard time keeping my nipples in the cups, and even then the thing was so sheer that it didn't hide much. There were no panties, but I did put on a sheer pair of pantyhose. With the skirt and blouse on I was decently dressed, but when I looked in the mirror I was horrified. The red of the bra showed straight through the blouse, and I looked like a total bimbo. I tried to tell Justine that I couldn't do the McIntyre presentation like this, but she told me that with the blazer on no one would notice.
All thee of us had to ride to work in my little car, so I ended up sitting on Tina's lap. She took the opportunity to torment me in every way. She lifted my skirt and pulled down my hose so she could finger me, and used the other hand to maul my breasts. I was red and flustered by the time we got to the office. When we got out of the car, Justine demanded my blazer. I begged her that I would look like a floozy with the red bra, and that it would risk my presentation with McIntrye. She told me that I could have the blazer back before McIntyre came, but that she liked the way I looked and wanted everyone in the office to see me that way.
Knowing that arguing with Justine was dangerous, I handed over the blazer and went into the office. Everyone I met did a double take; looking at me, and then my chest. I heard some catty comments, and Elaine even laughed in my face telling me that red was a good color for me. It was a horrible experience.
I spent a couple hours working in my office to get my presentation perfect, and then went to the conference room to see that everything was ready. I was busy organizing when Elaine stepped in and asked me to come to her office. She had a stern look on her face, so my stomach was doing flip-flops as I followed her. Was she going to chew me out over my attire? Had she heard something? My heart was pounding by the time we got to her office and she closed the door. She took a stack of papers off her desk, and then stood in front of it and handed them to me. She asked if I had some kind of explanation for this.
My whole world collapsed as I looked. It was a series of 8 1/2 by 11 photos, all of me. Me flashing at the gas station; me masturbating in the shower; me topless in the store; me with nothing but stockings, gloves, gloves and nipple clamps. Finally there were two of me performing oral sex on a woman. My face was clearly recognizable, but unless you knew it was Kristy, it was impossible to tell who I was licking. Justine had made sure that no one but me could be damaged by these photos. Elaine looked at me, clearly angry.
And I started to cry.
I knew I was destroying my career as a lawyer, but I just couldn't stop myself. I knew that what I needed to do was be tough, to advocate for myself, but all I could do was sob, and then tell her that I didn't know what was happening to me. I begged her to not show those photos to anyone, to not ruin my career. Elaine's face became a smirk, and she sat back on her desk. I continued to beg, saying I would do anything to keep from being fired, to avoid being ruined.
At that, Elaine said that there might be a solution, and she told me to take off all my clothes! I was in total shock; my mouth just dropped open. It was one thing for Justine to blackmail me, she had nothing to lose. But this was very dangerous for Elaine. The weird this is that this made me very horny. Elaine wanted me! I know it's sick and twisted, but it made me feel sexy. She told me that clearly I spent a lot of time naked, and she wanted me to do it right there. Obviously a week ago I would have filed a harassment suit, but with everything that's happened, and the fact that I'd been on the brink of orgasm for two days with no relief, I just started to undress. Elaine stood up and smiled as I stripped down to my bra and hose. Once the bra was off she told me that I should stop, that she always liked the look of women in heels and hose and nothing else. She had me spin around and model for her, telling me that she had always thought I had great breasts.
Then she told me to undress her. I was so excited that my hands were shaking as I slid her blazer off her shoulders. I was so horny and I need to cum so badly that I think I would have done anything. As I started to unbutton her blouse, she told me that she wanted me to kiss her skin as I exposed it. I must have frowned a bit, because she told me that given the muff-munching I was doing in the pictures that it shouldn't be a big deal. So as I opened her blouse, I moved in and planted kisses down between her breasts and her belly. Elaine must work out a lot, because her body was incredibly firm. I worked the blouse off her shoulder, kissing it, and slowly trailing my tongue down her arm. By this point I was really getting into it, and I have to say that I had a bizarre desire to show Elaine how good I could be. I kissed and worshiped her other arm as I got the blouse off of her.
Her shoes and skirt came of quickly, and then I started on her panty hose. I planted hundreds of little kisses along the waistband of her panties, and then on her thighs as I peeled the hose down. Eventually I ended up on the floor, kissing her feet and sucking her toes as I pulled the hose off. Then I went back up, kissing her shoulders as I pushed down her bra straps, then licking and kissing the sides of her breasts along her bra cups. I kept pushing her bra down, kissing the newly exposed flesh, until her nipples came into view. I spun the bra around and unclasped it, and then went to work licking and nibbling the undersides of her large breasts. While they weren't quite as big as mine, they were impressive, and her even tan showed that she liked to sunbathe topless.
Finally I went to work on her panties. I got behind her, and started kissing her cheeks as I pulled the fabric down. I kept working my way to the crack, and then away again. Finally the panties were down to her thighs, and I had a decision to make. Given everything else I've done in the last few days, I decided to go for it, and I moved my mouth into the crack of her ass, and planted a kiss on her rectum. She moaned and said what a dirty girl I was, and wiggled her ass in my face. I went to work licking and then sticking my tongue up inside her anus.
After a few minutes of that, I came around to the front of her and started running my lips through her pubic hair. She moaned, and sat back on her desk and spread her thighs. I took my time, teasing her as I licked, kissed and nibbled all around her sex, making her writhe and moan. Finally she just grabbed my head and pulled it into her crotch. I spent the next several minutes working her up to a whopper of an orgasm. My tongue was exhausted, but I felt a perverse pride in my accomplishment.
Elaine then stood up, and took charge again. She had me help her get dressed, although with no kissing this time. She reached down, picked up my bra, and sat down at her desk, putting my bra in a drawer. She told me that she liked that, and that if I wanted to stay working at this firm, that I should set up a daily appointment with her to service her. She said I was a great little pussy-girl, and that I would be licking her every day. I wanted to sink into the floor and die. My goal was to be a partner in the firm, and she was suggesting that I would basically be her call girl. I was terrified for my future.
I stood there a second, letting that soak in, and she snapped at me to get out. I started to get dressed, but she made it clear I needed to get out right away. I had my skirt on, and my blouse on but not buttoned by the time I got out the door. Thank God no one was in the hallway when I got out there. I managed to get a couple buttons done, and then raced to the conference room. Partially to get dressed, and partially so no one else saw me cry. I had convinced myself that if I did what Elaine wanted that she'd be happy and not be mean to me. When it became clear that she was going to use me just as a sex toy, I was completely crushed. I decided that all I could do was try to do as good a job on the presentation as possible, and hope for the best.
I was just about to fix my blouse when Justine came in, with a smirk on her face. She asked me mockingly if I'd been having fun. I just lost it. I yelled at her, asking how she could do that. She said she wouldn't ruin my career, and then she gave those photos to Elaine. I was really getting heated up when Justine reached out with both hands, opened my blouse, and grabbed both of my nipples. Needless to say, my tirade stopped instantly when I started to see stars from the pain. She twisted and crushed my nipples, making me gasp in agony. Once I stopped talking and froze in place she lightened up. A little. She hissed at me that I'd better not forget my place, and that she could ruin a lot more that just my little lawyer career. She told me that I'd better learn some humility, and to start I could get my clothes off. I started to say no, but a sharp pain in my nipples made me think better of it. I quickly shed the blouse and the skirt.
Like Elaine, she let me keep my hose and shoes on, but it's not like that hid anything. She told me that she'd be back ten minutes before the presentation with my clothing. She let me know that she would send people in to check on me, and that I'd better not be hiding anything when they looked in. With that, she left with my clothing. I spent the next ten minutes trying not to hyperventilate. My heart was pounding I was so scared. I tried to practice my presentation, but there was no way I could focus. I'm ashamed to admit that it wasn't just fear either. I was so turned on I thought I would cum every time something touched anywhere near my crotch. It took all my focus to not lie down on the table and masturbate like a monkey. But it was bad enough to think of someone catching me in there naked; to catch me diddling myself would be the end of me.
Suddenly the door opened and Tina came in. Thank God I couldn't see anyone (and no one saw me) through the open door as she entered. She laughed at me, and said that Justine had sent her down to check on her. She said that maybe she'd send Derek down next. I blanched, and she just laughed at me. She stood next to me, and told me to put my hands on my head. She spent a little while mauling my breasts, and snapping her fingers across my nipples. Then she had me bend over, and pulled my pantyhose down to expose my butt. She gave me five firm slaps to each cheek, saying that Justine wanted to be sure I understood that I was being punished. She pulled my hose back up, and left the room.
This process repeated itself three more times over the next hour. Nicole, Michelle, and then Tina again, all came in, mocked me, and spanked me some more. I spent the whole time in panic, and frankly, on the edge of orgasm. Finally, with just fifteen minutes until the presentation, Justine walked in, carrying a small shopping bag. I was so relieved when I could see my blazer in it. I was a little worried when Justine pulled the two dildos I had bought out of the bag. I started to cry again, and beg Justine to stop torturing me. I felt so low, I didn't know what to do. She came to me, hugged me, and said that it was all going to be okay. Then she started kissing me. It was unbelievable. I went from being so low, to feeling incredible as she held me in her arms and kissed me. Her hands roamed my naked body, and I shuddered and moaned in ecstasy.
She pushed me back on the table, and asked me if I wanted to cum. I knew that the meeting would start soon, but I just needed to release all the sexual tension of the past days. I nodded furiously and spread my legs wide. Justine grabbed the crotch of my hose and ripped a hole so she could get at my sex. She took the smaller to of the two dildos, and started to work it in me. I lay back on the table, arched my back to raise my hips, and started thrusting. Soon I felt her rubbing the second dildo around my sex, and then she pulled the smaller one out, and started pressing it against my rectum.
Slowly she managed to work both of the fake penises inside me at the same time. I was bucking my hips like a wild horse, and I could feel an orgasm welling up inside me. Justine took one of my hands, put it on the dildo in my butt, and told me to start pumping it in and out while she did the one in my sex. It felt weird doing that myself, but it also felt dirty and I could feel myself get closer. After a few minutes she said she wanted play with my breasts, and she had me work the other dildo as well while she walked around the table so she could reach my chest easily.
So there I was, lying on my back with my legs spread wide, pumping one dildo in and out of my vagina, and another in and out of my ass, with another girl leaning over me and pulling and kneading my breasts. It was so depraved, but I felt like I was in heaven. It all felt so good, that I never even noticed when Justine stopped touching my boobs. I was just so close to a much needed orgasm. I closed my eyes and started working furiously to get that elusive orgasm.
And then I heard a gasp.
I opened my eyes, and I'm not sure I can even write down what I saw. Justine was nowhere in sight, and all the senior partners, all the attorneys working the McIntyre case, and Jared McIntyre himself had all just walked into the room, and they were all staring at me. Staring at me performing a more perverted sex act than I could have even imagined a week ago. And then it got even worse.
I couldn't stop.
Even with all those people staring at me, I couldn't stop myself from trying to get that orgasm. I kept sliding both those dildos in and out of my holes. And then the ultimate humiliation, I had a screaming, tsunami sized orgasm. It was without a doubt the most intense, earth-shattering orgasm I've ever had in my entire life, and I had it right in front of our firm's biggest client. If I hadn't been screaming from my orgasm, I would have been screaming in embarrassment.
Finally, McIntrye came out of his stupor, and started yelling at the senior partners about what the hell was going on, was this some kind of a sick joke, and he thought we were attorneys not porno producers. Elaine started to scream at me to get out, to not even bother cleaning out my desk, to just get out and never come back. Suddenly Justine was at my side, and she helped me off the table, and handed me the shopping bag with my clothes. I pulled my blazer out, and couldn't find anything else except my purse. Elaine was still screaming at me, so I pulled on the blazer and ran. I ran out of the office, through the lobby, completely naked from the waist down, and I realize now with a dildo still protruding from my rear end. It wasn't until I sat down in my car that I realized that it was still in there.
I drove home, crying the whole way, unable to comprehend that my life was now entirely ruined. Not only is my job gone, I'm not sure I can ever work again as an attorney in the state of California. Every law office in town will hear about the slut attorney who put on a sex show for a client. I got home and ran inside to put on some clothes. I put on jeans, a T-shirt, and a sweatshirt, and for the first time in days I now have underwear on as well. I made a decision to fly up to Oregon to see my sister who's in grad school there. I left her a message and came out to the airport.
So now I'm sitting in a first class seat (I figure this may be my last chance since I may be waiting tables on a college campus from now on,) and getting this all written down so I can make sense of it. I'm filled with dread about what will happen to me now. Soon the doors will close on this plane, and I'll probably be leaving this place forever. But I have to say that my worst dread isn't about that I won't be a partner, or even an attorney, but that for the rest of my life I'll be sneaking off and masturbating when I think about these last few days. I actually did that three times while writing this entry, once even after I had gotten on the plane! My old life seems so vanilla now, I don't know how I'll go back to it, but without Justine, I don't how I could be as wild as I've been these last few days.
Oh well, at least I have this all written down now and I ca
WHAT IS SHE DOING ON THIS FLIGHT?!?
{End of Diary}
NOTE FROM POSTER
I found this diary in the magazine holder on a flight from Portland Oregon to Denver. Normally I wouldn't have read it, but I also found the remains of a bra and a pair of panties that had been cut up. That pricked my curiosity, and I read it with growing excitement. Once I'd finished, I looked around my seat and found some cloth tucked in between the seats. Upon inspection I realized it was a T-shirt, what appeared to be the legs from some jeans that had been cut-off, and some fabric that apparently came from a sweatshirt. It would seem the woman writing the diary had an interesting flight.
Koala