"Your place or mine?"
"Yours Hemsworth. I need serenaded." A snockered Regina hugs two separate arms as they enter clumsily through their Brownstone's back entrance.
Ivy Proctor snorts hiding her laughter as Regina and Gnarly banter with the best of them. He was the charming rogue, she was sly and foxy. Ivy? She was the just high on life. Attracted to Regina instantly at the club Barbarians where Ivy was employed, it took a simple, "Girlllll? YOU are coming home with me." in passing to get noticed.
While Gnarly unlocked his apartment door Regina swooped in pinning Ivy against the wall. Kissing the girl so hard she grew lost in her environment. They could just as easily have had sex right there in the hallway. Gavin pushing onward into his place of residence offered entry like a Gent from within, only to realize how fevered the two ladies were. In waiting for a breather he notes Crystal Balou coming up the stairs after a smoke outside. She rarely smoked cigarettes these days but kept a pack in her car for those really stressful days. Waving at Gavin in passing the Rockstar understood. Her mind was probably all over the pinball game, between bad cop Roy, his officers of the unlawful, and gradual feelings toward Gavin himself. Not to be insensitive he let her go with a nod combined with a half smile. He was a free agent. She knew it. Sometimes with those less trained in the art of player it took a bit to settle them down. She knew he was going to have fun with both women. Her own bed was calling her. Not that she was going to sleep knowing that even in her day off tomorrow Roy was instructing her to do the unthinkable. Obedient for now, Blue was going to get out of this somehow. She had faith. In many Gods. Some less omnipotent.
Deciding to leave his door wide open and let the ladies join him during intermission, he put his case of beer in the fridge to keep cool. It was a miracle he managed to carry it and a bag of mixed drink ingredients in without dropping them. Both girls clung to him like a second skin most of the way in until they discovered one another intimately. He was hardly drunk, hardly sober. Just enough to feel good about two lovely ladies at once. It had been awhile since his last threesome. While he had no troubles getting the ladies anywhere he went it was even better living here where every girl in the building was smoking hot in some fashion. Here under a week and he'd bedded down five beauties including his landlady, ate out one of the twin sisters upstairs, taunted the sister with a butt plug, and gradually brought another out of her shell to discover who she was. Then there was Julia's baby sister Brooke and her roomie Amber masturbating in front of Gnarly as he fucked Julia. Pretty darn amazing.
Not only that but he hooked up with an all girl metal band and tapped the drummer. Watching the others use dildos on themselves. Gnarly Reese was the man. He couldn't wait to see what week two looked like. Landing three part time jobs he was bound to meet plenty more girls. Even if he never joined a metal band here in Chicago, at least he was living life to the fullest.
Opening a beer he staggers a bit back toward his front door. Looking out he finds Ivy topless, her chest being devoured by a possessive Regina. Ivy was lost in the moment. Beautiful tits though. He smirked while daring to steal a tit squeezing Ivy's right breast at a really bad angle. It was a start. Opting to get comfortable he kicks off his boots by the door and with one hand removed his shirt. Tempted to forego the pants he waits and looks around him. Regina wanted to be serenaded. He wanted to share that song with Ivy. Good impressions meant killer sex.
Leaving them frolicking against his door jam Gnarly sits his beer aside and breaks out his Stratocaster. Plugging it in with the volume lowered he flops down on his sofa and performs a few keys to attract attention. He knew the neighbors would hear him but he also knew they wouldn't object. Looking at Ivy being ravaged her gaze leered his way at hearing the cords being played. She offered a lustful gaze at Gnarly but maintained Regina's terrorizing passion. She was torn for certain. Gavin let her suffer and studied his strings. A song kept running through his mind each time he spoke the name Ivy. A song he knew but was trying to recall lyrics too. He knew is voice wasn't right for the song. Nobody was the great Taime Downe vocally as the lead singer of the 80's hair band Faster Pussycat, but Gnarly was going to try.
"Baby, baby why won't you let me be. You're a major pain in the ass, I do need the hassle can't ya see. Please I need some piece of mind. That I was hoping I could find. But you just kept a buggin. Till I was crawlin under the rug and baby." He winced recalling more verses as the girls reacted favorably to his offering.
"Stressin, jump back baby back away, Get off my back you monkey, Ya got my nerves jumping like a junkie today." Reaching the chorus he brought back memories in both girls.
"Poison ivy ya come creepin up right behind me, You make me itch baby you're so unkind, Poison ivy you're like poison ivy, You make me itch and I'm out of calamine. So this is how you get your kicks, Lickin up everything after me..." He looks up winking at Ivy and Reggie as they break away and assist each other inside his apartment, door left wide open.
"Baby don't pet my dog and certainly don't mess with my birds or my Bees, Jesus I got a peeping Tom, And I was hoping she was gone, But she just kept a knockin, Till I was crawlin under a rock and baby, Stressin,..." Returning to the chorus Ivy fell to his right side on the couch and pointed at herself each time he sang Poison Ivy as part of the verse. She loved it. Regina loved her.
Even as Ivy snuggled next to Gavin, Regina kissed the girls toes after removing her heels. Toes became leg, legs thigh. Regina had gone savage on Ivy biting at her G-string as Ivy lifted her hips to let the black Goddess drag her panties off. Finishing Ivy's serenade Gavin sets his guitar next to him and leans over to kiss the brunette. Lips locking she enjoyed the Rockstar's starvation. His left hand squeezing her braless tit while her button down shirt was wide open. Ivy Proctor was getting two sides of lust.
Regina palms Ivy's hips slipping fingers under the girls black micro mini skirt and guides it up over her now vacant pussy. As soon as her labia unfolded that G-string was drug away like it was yesterdays news. Regina buried her face between Ivy's legs and feasted so intently that Ivy squealed and pulled away from Gavin. Knowing just how good she must be feeling he sat back and watched them. Beer in hand he toasted the lovers. He had a bad feeling his time with Ivy was over. The two women embraced one another on the couch as a feast led North to Ivy's breasts. Manicured nails sink deep inside Ivy as Reggie fucks her hard.
"Daaaamn!" Gavin chuckled as they ripped at each other like wild dogs in heat. In their wrestling Gavin was nudged from his own sofa. Standing over them he moved his guitar to safety. So much for his second encore. Tailing Reggie's starvation path to Ivy's neckline even he worried the girl might get hicky's. In their battle Ivy an her hands up Regina's legs encouraging the beautiful African American bodybuilder's own stretchy dress up over her ass. Digging her nails in passionately only made Reggie storms the girls mouth. Jealous that he did have those beautiful lips to his before being cock blocked he shakes his head. Damn look at them go. Figuring he could at least offer an assist he set his beer back down.
From there Gavin moved between their legs and reached out for Regina's black lace panties and pinches them over her hips. Sliding them down until Ivy's talons were in the way. Clearly Gavin hadn't thought this through. Ivy wasn't letting up. Wiggling her ass at Gavin gave him the idea Reggie wanted those off post haste. Seeing no clear way without dragging Ivy away he improvised. Sifting through his pocket he produced a pocket knife and opened the blade. Carefully he lifted Regina's thin bands and severed one with ease. Releasing it he went after the other side. She could be pissed over it later. Strategically he grips both bands knowing that the fabric was tugging up inside Regina's cunt. She felt it for certain as her shoulder muscles rippled, not once did her feasting slow. After a sensual tug of war the panties ripped free of her thighs. His fingers were wet from the materials lengthy ride through heaven.
"So much for David's slingshot. Rock on Reggie. Goliath go." He chuckled in thought. Tempted to smell the garment he instead sets them aside over a couch arm. His hand scratching his nose gave him sample enough. Sweet, sweet, sweat. Eying the dress being in the way he rubs his chin catching glimpses of both women's stunning vaginas. Like two fish gasping for air as their labia's took the deep breathes that obviously their lip locks couldn't. No zipper on her dress meant it had to come up over her head. Easy enough right?
Leaning in he grips the crinkled hem on Regina's short dress and lifts it up. By sucking in her gut he knew Reggie was on to his stripping her. Giving him room to slither and wind her fabric up to her chest she lifts her crushed breasts from Ivy's. Then the real challenge came. Weaving in between two sets of mountain ranges. His knuckles grazing Ivy's left nipple in passing she moaned. He questioned if it was his touch or Regina's aggressive kisses. Either way he proceeded until the dress was up over Reggie's breasts. Matching black bra in the way of paradise a swift unfastening let her tits breath a bit as it loosened. Reggie's arms did the rest. One arm at a time she lifted away from Ivy and let Gavin slip her arms free. Same for the bra straps. That part was easy. Flesh on flesh their tits frolicked. Battle accepted. Breaking their kiss savagely Reggie ripped her own dress free of her neck before snarling and heading back in for more saliva swapping. One girl nude. One to go. Gnarly had his work cut out for him.
In a brash move Reggie throws her weight sideways and drags Ivy along for the ride. Pulling her on top of her gave Gnarly the necessary room to now undress Ivy. Her shirt was easy. Like a breeze he slipped it from her upper body. Only her skirt remained. A task of light pulls down over her hips led Ivy to hoist her lower body. Inch by inch he slid her skirt toward her ankles, stopping only to caress her gorgeous ass. Whistling under his breath barely audible he completed his mission. Both ladies were naked. Retrieving his beer he needed a breather himself. They were barely acknowledging him. Waving to look around the room he glanced at his boots by the doorway. A sudden thought hit him like a brick. Looking at his watch, then at the entangled beauties he had to sigh. Choices needed to be made knowing how late it was and he having to work in the morning. One last glance at the girls found Regina manhandling Ivy into a 69 position. The fur started flying. Both girls destroyed the others puss. Clawing and biting like felines. Hissing and kissing. Licking and flicking. He knew he would need to clean his couch tomorrow. Enough thought on the maid service. His thoughts switched over to other things.
"Vic." He sighed. "I made her a promise to give her a massage. I'm second fiddle here right now. Vic needs me to get her shyness to hightail it back to Hong Kong." Picking up his shoes, and abandoned polo shirt to carry along he heads out the door leaving it open. Before heading up he stops at Crystal Balou's apartment door to listen. He heard a television with a very low volume. Deciding she needed rest he took the stairs to the next floor two at a time. Reaching Vicki's apartment he found it ajar.
"Interesting. She leave it open for me in case I came up late?" He sits his boots down outside the door next to her bicycle in the hall. Easing it open he discovers ornate Chinese hanging lamps in three corners of the living room offering a candlelit glow even if they were from bulbs. Looking down at his toes as he steps on something soft that moved he realized that Vicki had sprinkled cherry blossom pedals from the door leading to her bedroom. Puckering at her romantic nature he notes the pedals deviate into a separate path to her kitchen. Her microwave door open he could see a bowl of oil waiting to be heated up. The actual oil bottle on the counter to entice his curiosity, a tiny pinch of petals by both bottle and bowl as inspiration. "Nice move Hong Kong."
He steps to the kitchen and quietly closes the microwave, setting the timer on 45 seconds. He had no idea how hot it might get. Beating the ping at 44 seconds he shuts it off early. He was hoping she might be asleep and wanted to catch her off guard. Tiptoe he creeps toward her bedroom and hears soft Chinese harps from her stereo. Beautiful. So was she. Laying out on top of her blankets face down with a pillow curled under her head and arms she slightly snores. More soft whimpers but still cute. More ball lamps hanging kept the ambiance alive.
Checking out her beauty first and foremost he instantly grew hard. Strangely he felt harder over Vic than over two of the most beautiful women he knew back in his own apartment. Maybe it was the erotic nature of the massage.
"Time to wake up Mulan."
Soft steps to her side he stands tall and dips his right hands fingers into the warm bowl. He could probably have heated the oil longer but it was warm. Bowl beneath his hand until he reaches her back he tilts his fingers away and lets droplets fall along her shoulders and down her spine. She still hadn't stirred. Not wanting to get the oil on her long black mane he switches hands and gently guides her soft hair away from the oil. That brought on a smile.
"You playing possum?" He chuckled.
"I was wondered if you were really coming up."
"I made a promise. I do my best to keep them. See? You're getting bolder laying out naked waiting on me."
"I am trying. I truly am."
"I can see that. Listen? Don't rush it because of me. I want you to feel totally comfortable around me or any guy for that matter before going further."
"Is it foolish of me to admit that I am...a virgin?"
He puckers his lower lip with a hint of expectation, "I figured as much. You're not being foolish. I'm fine with that. Like I said...take your time. Let's get this massage under way I need a few hours of shuteye before I go to work."
"You may proceed." She softly giggles then hides her face in her pillow blushing.
Smirking he dribbles more oil over her and sets the bowl aside. "Nice touch with the flowers." He then moves both hands to her shoulders managing around her leftover bruises from the bicycle blindside she had suffered. She tenses up slightly at his pressure. "Too rough?"
"No I like it rough." She hides her face at how sexually the words sounded. "That is not what I..."
"Stop being apologetic. Say whatever comes to mind and don't hold back thinking I'll be offended or that you're being too forward. This is America home of free speech." He chuckles continuing his slightly more tender massage to her shoulders and neck. His eyes however checking out her luscious curvature. Her heart shaped ass dipped into a deep crevice. Each cheek had just a little added substance to it that made him wonder if she could twerk. Topic for another day he thought.
"You are very kind Gnarly Reese. I...feel at ease with you."
"Couldn't tell it with the amount of tension in these muscles."
"I have never let a man...massage me before. You have seen my body without clothing more than even my doctor."
"Clean bill of health from Doctor Gnarly." He chuckles leaning forward to coax her eyes from her pillow. "Just an eye exam tells me that." She warmly smiles and settles in to watch him. Those big brown eyes glare over his lap to see his erection. She sighs beneath his fingers kneading lower down her shoulder blades. In her innermost thoughts she wonders if his erection was over her. Naïve ever so slightly she exhales loudly.
"Of course it is over me. I am beautiful." At least her confidence was high in that department.
"Your skin is soft. Flawless really. Once these bruises heal you're back in the modelling business."
"I am not a model." She giggles faintly.
"Could be. No lie Vic. I'm not even talking about this gorgeous body. Your smile, your eyes, your hair. All perfect when you let it be."
"You may massage the rest of me." She takes her next step boldly. Tensing up ready for him to decline. His hands went to her lower back and kneaded his thumbs in the small of her spinal column. She sighed offering up, "That feels nice."
"Don't you worry your pretty little head Vic. I'm massaging every inch of you before I turn in."
"Turn in?" She tenses up.
"Going to bed. You think I meant turning my fingers inside you?"
She shivers at his words and nods softly with a glint of fear. "Not this time. You want something in these cute little holes it's on you." His grin led his fingers to reach for the bowl to add a trickle over her ass and down her legs. He studied the trails of oil slipping into her ass crack. Knowing the warmth trickled over her pussy and anal pucker had to force a reaction. Sure enough her eyes flare and she squeals hiding her face. He wanted to laugh but remained vigil in expression. Setting the bowl aside again he began work on her legs, saving the ass for a treat all it's own. His hands claimed one leg after another going so far as to roll oil between her toes. She grew ticklish suddenly and continued to hide inside her pillowcase.
"That'll be enough of you hiding." He releases her and takes her pillow from her tossing it on the other side of the queen size bed. She pouts slightly but relaxes as he returns to her feet. After a thorough massage to feet and calves he moves up her thighs on the inside. Tensing the closer his fingers got to her pussy she clamps her legs keeping herself safe.
"Will you relax already? I'm not going to finger you. Just chill or I'll go on home."
"No. Forgive this one."
"I told you no more apologizing." He slaps her ass making her drop her jaw and cringe ever so slightly. With a wink he rubs the spot on her butt cheek he had spanked. She settled down again and loosens her legs restraint. Not far enough Gnarly grips her legs and pries them wider. Sternly holding them down he chuckles. "Move these any closer together I'm turning out the lamps and sleeping next to you until I gotta get up for work."
Her eyes bulge at the thought of him spending the night. She wanted that more than anything. Just to cuddle without sex would delight her to no end. Committed to relax she lets him rub oil into both ass cheeks. As his fingers dip within her crevice and graze across her butt pucker she whimpers loudly. He didn't stop. It wasn't as if he was sticking a finger in her butt hole, just caressing it. She shook like a leaf. Daring to whisper, "It tickles."
"Not so bad is it?"
"No. You may continue."
"Not until you roll over on to your back."
"What?" She trembles heavily.
"Night Vic." He stands up and turns out one of her lamps.
"No. I will roll over." She shyly repositions and reveals the perfection of her full frontal. Tempted to hide herself she resists with every ounce of courage she could muster.
"Was that so hard?"
"Yes." She pouts but stretches out patting the bedside where he had sat. He chose a different tactic. Watching her eyes he unfastens his pants and drops them in front of her. Leaving his boxers on he crawls on his knees between her legs prying them wider by his massive frame. Reaching over her to procure the oil bowl he lets his erection trail across her hip. She squeals and offers a spooked expression. He merely tilted the oil bowl this time and coats her chest, down over her tummy before stopping at her cute belly button. Another stretch over her she watches his erection taunt her, this time witnessing his girth between his boxers single button concealment. She watched it until he returned to his stance above her. Leaning forward now he massages her shoulders and neckline. Using both hands on her throat as if ready to choke her she tilts her head back and feels his thumbs slide together meeting over her chin. She cooed at his rippling chest. Vicki Chow loosened up slowly. His tenderness in such an aggressive manner brought on unexpected moans.
Moving south over her breasts he didn't squeeze them merely rolling his palms over bullet sized nipples to irritate them to hardening more. More moans. Yet, her eyes watched his hands each time then circled er areolas with fingertips. Discovering her resistance lacking slightly she herself reached up and pressed his hands tighter over her breasts. He smiled warmly and squeezed them softly. Dissatisfied she squeezes his fingers harder over them.
"You doing this massage or am I?" He softly laughs.
"You may be rougher with me." She shyly stares up with trembling eyes.
"Alright." He rubbed the oil into her chest a bit more brusquely until her eyes closed at her emotional enjoyment. Before the oil dried over her belly he lowered his hands to roll across her abdomen moving closely to a thin strip of raven black pubes. She whimpered heavily as he rubbed the pubes letting his fingertips cross over her clit then move away just as fast. Her eyelids burst wide each time he caressed her clitoris. Hands start to rise defensively then ease back to the bedding. She was trying to relax. He knew it. Studying her reaction each time his fingers crossed paths with her clit she arched her spine breathing heavily.
"My bedtime I think." He observes her disappointment. She pouts and reaches out toward him with her hands. Gnarly takes her favored right hand and places it over her clit and uses it to rub her. Once she takes the hint and rubs herself he sits back over his calves and watches her. "Need some more oil?"
Nodding slightly uncertain what his offer intended he crawls over her letting his crotch lay over her hand between he and she. Retrieving the bowl he starts to dribble oil on her chest again then changes his mind. Instead he brings the bowl higher as he sits back and pours some on his chest. His free hand glosses his own chest up. Fingers rolling down over his six pack abs they too go shiny. Her fingers rubbed her clit more viscously while watching him. He dips his fingers beneath his elastic waistband and caresses his own pubes. The show was on.
Downstairs...
Crystal Balou in her bed asleep tosses and turns over a bad dream. Loudly calling out, "PLEASE ROY NO. HELP ME GAVIN. NOOOOOOO!" On the final O Crystal bolts up n a ball of sweat. Her Cub jersey nightshirt drenched. Shocked awake she studies her surroundings and covers her mouth with her palm ashamed by it. As if there were anyone to hear her. Sure there was...Isabella lived right next door. Her bed right on the other side of her wall. She had heard the girl giving Chaturbate shows online before she fell asleep. Her sexy Colombian moans making Crystal more edgy. Her television at least drowned it out enough to fall asleep to. Infomercials the perfect nightcap.
Deciding to get up and pee she sat on her toilet with her face in her palms. She dreaded tomorrow night having to meet Roy and his bad cop bunch at some seedy motel like a cheap whore. Cheap was right, she wasn't even being paid for her deeds. Tears fell, her body quivering under stress. She sat there for ten minutes blubbering over it. Finally she wipes and stands up letting her jersey cover her bare bottom. Hands washed she pelts her face with warm water and dabs her eyes with a hand towel. She hadn't even removed her makeup. Doing so she shuffles back to bed. Suddenly, she hears a loud thump in the hallway and jumps. Crawling back out of bed she hears women moaning loudly. Her thoughts form a mental scowl thinking Gavin must be destroying Ivy and Regina. As the moans and squeals persist she holds her ears and goes back to bed for another try.
"SHIT! Isabella's moaning too. Dammit!" A pillow over her head lasts three minutes before she hears her new cell ping. Checking it she finds an unknown texter. It read, "MISS ME YET?" Tears fell again knowing it was Roy. In a panic she leaves her cell and races through her apartment unlocking her front door and intent on barging in on Gnarly out of need to feel protected. The second she opened the door she spots Regina carrying Ivy over her shoulders like a Fireman, both totally nude and shiny from sweat. Passing Crystal Ivy waved at her exhaustedly. Entering Regina's room the door slammed shut.
Nervous to be alone she saw Gnarly's door opened and closes her own door behind her. Creeping across the hall she looks inside wondering where he was in his absence. Maybe he was in his bathroom or bedroom. After a shuffle through she finds him not even there. Whining and biting a nail she starts to head back to her apartment shutting Gavin's door. Before she could even turn the door across from her opened wide and there stood Isabella Alcadore in her red ace undies.
"Are you alright Senorita Blue?"
"Not really." Crystal weeps and falls backwards to lean on Gnarly's door.
Compassionately, Isabella shuffles forward and throws her arms around Crystal. Ignoring the scent of sex on her fingertips Crystal bawled. Without asking questions Isabella pulled away slowly and took Blue by the hand leading her back to her own apartment. Closing the door she babysat Crystal until she fell asleep on her sofa. Holding her silently she knew well what she was going through. Isabella had similar problems.
Upstairs at Vicki Chow's apartment...
Vicki was reaching a sensitive point in her rubbing. Gnarly's hand although covered by his boxers was obviously rubbing his cock. Teasing, taunting her as she played with herself. Imagining it she whimpers and suddenly stops. Seeing her change in expression he observes her curl up and rise before him. On her knees she swallows shyly and starts to touch his chest, fading, advancing, fading, finally touching his chest with hesitant fingers. He doesn't say a word, nor does he express emotion. Gavin merely watches.
As he starts to remove his hand from his boxers she stops him and encourages him to return to his massive caged up beast. He did so watching as she looks down at his timid stroking. Biting her lower lip she dares to lower both of her hands, unbuttoning the lone button on his boxers. His cock's crown becomes visible and she shies away slightly. Becoming bold again she rises higher and resumes her chest exploration. No words spoken her fingertips trace his pecs. Shivering at her adrenalin surge she unexpectedly kisses his chest then moves away blushing. He still had zero expression. Stroking his cock ever so slowly she sighs and whines with her right hand covering her mouth.
Trembling fingers reach out and hook the upper band of his boxers and tugs it slightly just to spy more of his flesh. Fanning herself she looks up at him with saucer like eyes. Laying back atop her covers she pats the mattress next to her. Taking her hint Gnarly eases over and drops by her side repositioning on to his back. As his hand again attempts to vacate his boxers she halts his retreat a second time. Coaxing his hand back in she curls her fingers around his covered knuckles and rides his own hand as he jerks off slowly. Shivering dramatically she decides to release him and find the bowl. It had nearly fallen from the mattress in their movements but luckily hadn't. Dipping her own hand in the remaining oil she moves over him and massages his chest. Their eyes locked she caresses him from ribcage to abs.
At his waistband she stops and takes a deep breath before slipping fingers beneath it. Like he had done earlier to her she toyed amid his pubic hair. Her fingers grazing the upper definition of his cock. Eyes widening each time she touched it. His crown had now revealed three of seven inches to her curious glances. Trying hard to keep their eyes glued to the others became too difficult. She decided to oil his legs now. Moving from his side like he had earlier Vicki knelt between his legs. Oiling his upper thighs down to his knees, shins, ankles, feet. As he had she went between each toe. His jerking off became faster. His cock nearly all the way out she could see his fingers stimulating it. Amazed she decided to reach up and with a trembling finger touch the crown before shying off. Seeing it react made her smile.
"It danced."
Halting his jerking he removed his hand and let her study his cock by itself. Again she dares to touch it. Like a thing alive it reacts as if telling her take me. She shies away yet again and looks up at Gnarly. In a dramatic move Vicki launches her body over his and hugs his tightly. The top of her head in his nose he could smell jasmine in her hair. Her body was pressed hard on top of his. His throbbing dick on her lower abs. Unexpected to say the least. Afraid to look at him he surrounds her back with his arms rubbing her shoulder with one hand caressing her raven locks with the other. She sighed and remained there. He held her until she fell asleep. His erection fading in favor of not overstepping. Sure he wanted to roll her over and take her virginity. Not tonight. Gavin Reese waited a few minutes longer then eased from under her. She woke up whispering, "Please stay."
He nodded and stood up anyways. Grabbing his pants he notes her cellphone beside her bed as he puts them on. Easing back into bed he nudges her to set her alarm for him. 7 AM was just around the corner. She did so, then snuggled back under his arm. Rubbing his chest she drifted right to sleep. Gavin followed her lead.
Downstairs in Regina's apartment, the howls stopped. The ladies had satisfied their lust for the fourth time. The brownstone had fallen silent.
The savage beasts had tamed down. It was time for the pussycats to purr. Itchy for another round, another day.
Mew!