Stacey was sitting on the couch in comfy pants and a t-shirt watching t.v. when she got the text.
'Plane's on time, so I'll see you in a couple of hours.'
Smiling the relaxed woman acknowledged the message, adding that she couldn't wait to see her boyfriend when he got back. Surfing through the channels another text chirped on her phone.
'Can't wait to see you either - feel free to wear something sexy when you come pick me up.'
Reading the last part of the message Stacey scoffed as she stared at her screen.
"That's so like Ted," she grumbled to the empty room, not bothering with a response as she flipped the phone onto the couch cushion next to her.
Being in her middle 20's Stacey knew she was in great shape and looked pretty damn good, even if she wasn't one to always openly admit it, and her live-in boyfriend readily agreed in a much more open manner. Having shoulder length brunette hair that curled at the edges she had that cute kind of adorable look which made people always think she was just a little younger than she actually was. Her slim figure and smaller breasts didn't really help with that appearance either; even though her b-cup girls weren't tiny by any means they didn't necessarily jump out at you either. Ted always liked to claim "You don't need more than a handful!" and he definitely had at least a handful whenever they spent time under the sheets.
Stacey loved Ted and loved being with him, but sometimes he could be a little crude and would always try to dress her up, or really undress her for that matter, whenever they would go out somewhere. For the most part she didn't mind though as he wasn't that pushy and she knew it really turned him on the times she would accept the 'challenge' and dress a little sluttier than she normally would - which for the normally conservative female meant maybe actually leaving a button or two undone at the top of her blouse or just simply actually wearing a dress when they went out - and the sex usually afterwards was well worth the extra-exposure.
Flipping to a reality t.v show, which was one of her guilty pleasures and something she didn't do with her boyfriend around so she had been getting her fill in recently Stacey thought more about the text, slowly starting to consider actually doing it the longer time elapsed.
[He'd never actually expect me to go through with it, and besides, he's been gone for two weeks so I really miss him and want to give him a little 'something' when he comes back so this would be the perfect thing. . .]
Standing up the young woman padded barefoot over to their bedroom and started browsing through her clothes in the closet to see what she would actually be willing to wear. The outfit needed to match the scenario that had been put forth in front of her, of course.
[Well, I'm picking him up at the airport at curbside, so I'm never actually even getting out of the car], she realised while browsing her various garments, which caused her to switch gears and start looking at slightly more provocative outfits knowing that only her boyfriend should be seeing whatever it was she was exposing. Originally skipping over her nightwear she decided to give it a second browse now that she had figured out that she wouldn't actually be in the public at any point in time, opening up her options of what she would be 'willing' to wear. A few teddies and lingerie sets were skipped as they didn't suit her current mood for one reason or another yet her eyes lingered when she came across one of the nighties she tended to never wear, mainly because it was a super light silk that didn't really provide much warmth and therefore didn't work well as a sleeping garment.
[Oh my god that would be so naughty to wear outside, even if I never did get out of the car], she thought as she pulled the flimsy article of clothing out of the closet and inspected it further in the light. It was a blush red color with lacy frill around the edges and a neckline that plunged dangerously low, the middle of the cut ending well below the undercurve of her breasts. Mortified at how little it would cover her Stacey also became suddenly aware of how aroused it made her as well when she felt herself suddenly begin to get wet inside her panties.
[No way, am I really considering this?]
Deciding she would at least think about considering it the slim girl slipped off her comfy pants and pulled her t-shirt off over her head, tossing the items on the bed in a lazy heap. Slipping the nightie on Stacey shivered as the smooth silk ran across her body, making her panties a little more wet from the feeling of the thin fabric nestling up against her. Looking in the mirror she could instantly see that her current bra wouldn't work with the setup and begrudgingly accepted that no bra would look right, so the young woman unclasped the supportive item and threw it on the bed to join the pile, her freed breasts now pushing up against the red silk unhindered. Being aroused as she was her nipples were fairly rock hard, poking through to say hello to the world.
[God lord I could never been seen by anyone else in this - I don't even know if Ted deserves this view!]
Checking herself out in the mirror Stacey decided she looked damn good though, and upon further review along of course with an onset of further horniness decided she would ditch the panties too as the line of them could just be made out underneath the nearly transparent nightie, and it would be a hell of a lot sexier if Ted could tell she didn't have a stitch of clothing on underneath the flimsy night dress. Slipping them off her slender legs those went directly into the laundry bin as at this point they were quite wet. Enjoying the feel of her now completely nude body against the silk Stacey tested her movement out in her new outfit, stretching her arms above her head and watching with fear coupled closely with arousal as the hem of her nightie slipped up what little of her thighs they had been covering to reveal the bottom of her mound.
[Holy Shit I'm so glad I am staying in the car], was the main thought running through her mind as the severely underdressed woman eyed the now visible slit of her vagina in the mirror, yearning to reach out and rub herself down there as she was super turned on at the moment; knowing it would push her over the edge however the eager woman controlled her urges.
"I need to save all that for Ted!" she scolded herself as she put her arms down, letting the nightie rest just below her crotch once more to barely perform it's task again of decently covering her.
Glancing over at the clock on the wall the revved up female realized it was time to head to the airport since it was a 20 minute drive from where her and Ted lived and somehow the last hour or so had just slipped by while she was playing dress up in the bedroom. Wondering if she was actually going to go through with her crazy plan Stacey stood in front of the mirror for a few moments longer staring at her scantily-clad body before yelling, "Screw it!" and grabbed her coat and headed out the garage door, leaving any decent-covering clothes back in the bedroom behind her.
Settling in the driver's seat the invigorated young adult backed out of the garage and headed off towards the airport, her bare butt cheeks pressing up against the fabric of the chair as her coat wasn't really any longer than the nightie, leaving her behind exposed when in the sitting position. The feeling was slightly uncomfortable yet exhilarating at the same time.
"I can't believe I'm actually doing this! I'm so crazy right now!" Stacey yelled into the otherwise empty car, the adrenaline rush making her feel more alive than she had in quite some time.
Shooting down the highway that rush ended unexpectedly when her car suddenly started vibrating and shaking, the whole vehicle feeling like it was about to fall apart at any moment. Not knowing what was going on Stacey pulled off to the side of the road, wincing as the check engine light started madly flashing at her from the dashboard. Turning the car off the ancy female waited a few moments before attempting to turn it back on, swearing as the car refused to turn over.
"Shit, shit, shit! No!" Stacey yelled in frustration as several attempts to start the car ended in failure.
Seeing as it was still twenty plus minutes until Ted even landed coupled with the fact she was supposed to be picking him up anyway the stranded woman slowly came to the realization that the only option she had was to call her insurance company and get a tow truck to come pick her and the car up.
Rummaging through her glove box an insurance card was eventually produced and a number found; following a frustratingly drawn-out phone call she was told a truck would be on its way in the next half hour or so. Sighing angrily after hanging up the young woman proceeded to sit in her car while the other vehicles on the highway whizzed by her, unable to do more than just look out the window and watch them disappear over the horizon while she sat off to the side. Having forgotten from the long phone call of where she was going in the first place it came back to the young woman now as the excitement of having to pull off and call for the tow- truck wore off and the dull waiting process began.
Swearing aloud again the now more than agitated Stacey grabbed her phone out of her pocket and texted Ted, appraising him of the situation. It turned out he had just landed and so he was able to reply, telling her he was sorry about what was transpiring and that he would just take a cab back home as that would just make the most sense at this point. Putting the phone back in her pocket Stacey became angry at having to wait for the stupid tow truck and extending the time out that much further from being able to see her boyfriend, who at this point would most likely get home before her. That anger was instantly transformed into pure terror though as the slim woman shifted in her seat to get more comfortable, suddenly feeling her bare ass-cheeks press against the fabric of the seat.
"Oh god, oh no, oh god no," were the only words she could find as her state of undress came crashing back into her mind, having been pushed aside by her concerns of safety moments ago. Frantically looking in the car around her Stacey searched for anything she could use to cover herself up more with, but even as she searched she knew it would be in vain as there wouldn't be anything useful inside the car as she didn't tend to keep spare clothes there. Freaking out while thinking about how she could possibly avoid an awkward situation for the next little while was left unresolved as the flashing lights of a tow-truck eventually sprang up behind her.
"Shit Shit SHIT!" Stacey yelled as she pounded the steering wheel, her frustration building by the second at the situation she found herself in.
Her pulse now twice it's normal rate the frantic woman tried to force herself to relax as she knew she just had to get through the next half hour or so and everything would be alright, but the calm she was searching for never seemed to come and eventually there was a knock on her door window, causing the paranoid girl to jump in her seat at the sound.
"Sorry miss, didn't mean to bother you, but I'm here to get your car," the man outside told her in an apologetic tone as Stacey rolled down the window, her heart thumping wildly in her chest as she sputtered out a response.
"Of course, of course, sorry I was just . . . lost in my own thoughts."
Having her coat on the young woman knew the tow-truck driver had no idea what her state of undress was at the moment, but as soon as she got out of the car that would all change and the half-naked woman would be on full display. A sudden thought occurred as Stacey tried one last chance to avoid her unwanted destiny.
"Hey would it be alright if I just stayed in my car while it was towed? I'd rather not have to get outside and whatnot."
But the older man outside only shook his head from side to side as the strobe lights from his truck flashed across his face.
"Fraid not ma'am, that's a safety violation so it can't be done. Why don't you step on out and I'll get everything hooked up and we can be on our way?"
Body trembling from frayed nerves the terrified girl took a deep breath before opening the car door open. Another deep breath needed to be taken before she swung her bare feet out onto the pavement and gingerly stood up out of the car. Standing up the young woman could see the larger man standing in front her eyes widen slightly as he took in her uncovered feet and followed them up her slender bare legs, which the unobstructed view of only ended prior to hitting her hips by the short coat Stacey was wearing. Quickly the man's eyes were averted to stare off to the side, giving the frightened girl some much needed assurance as she could more realistically hope now the man in front of her wasn't a total pervert at least who would try some shenanigans on a seemingly helpless scantily-clad woman. It wasn't all that calming, however, as she stood there shaking outside the car, her body movement having nothing to do with the temperature outside.
"Uhm, why don't you go ahead and sit inside the tow-truck and wait, it's probably a little too. . . chilly outside for you I think."
Graciously accepting Stacey held her coat closed as tightly around her as she could as she ran to the tow-truck, mortified as the wind whipped up the ends of her coat to expose more of her pale skin. Climbing up in the passenger side of the cab she slammed the door closed and once more forced herself to taking deep breaths as the mortified female found she was near hyperventilating at this point. Clenching her eyes shut an attempt to calm her frayed nerves only ended with a jump for the second time in a short period as the driver opened up his door and got into the seat next to her.
"Hey, are you okay? You seem really. . .well, jumpy."
Forcing a smile Stacey looked over at him, seeing genuine concern in the older man's grizzled face.
"I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm just . . . ready to be home, is all."
A paternal smile was given back as the driver slowly positioned the truck in front of her car and dropped the ramp.
"Don't worry ma'am, I'll be sure and get you home safe and sound as soon as I can."
Going to step out of the truck the driver went to turn the ignition off but then paused as he glanced over at Stacey, who was currently trying rather unsuccessfully to be subtle in keeping her coat pulled down over as much of her legs as possible. Seeing the scene played out in front of him the man instead reached over and turned the heat up several notches before stepping out and closing the door behind him, leaving the engine running for his passenger's comfort. Having seen the kindness she was being shown made Stacey finally begin to relax at least somewhat as the death grip on the hem of her coat loosened just a bit and she managed to get her breathing under control.
[This guy seems to be a genuinely nice guy, I don't think I need to worry about being taken advantage of or anything like that here], was the decision that was made as the young female continued to calm down. [Besides, I'm the one who decided to dress like this, he just was unlucky enough to have to be the one to pick this crazy half-naked girl up and have to deal with her insanity!]
Putting herself in a better mood based on that reasoning Stacey smiled again as the driver got back inside the cab a few minutes later and informed her the car was hooked up and they were all ready to go.
"That's great - thank you so much for picking me up - I know it's rather late in the evening and all so I appreciate it - I don't know what I would have done otherwise."
The older man smiled as he turned on the GPS unit situated on the dash.
"Oh, it's no problem, I was on the clock anyway so I'm just doing my job is all. Okay young missy, now where am I taking you and your vehicle?"
Providing her address Stacey settled further into her seat, not noticing when her coat rode up until it barely covered her crotch.
"I'm Stacey by the way. What's your name?"
Reaching over the man stuck his hand out but he paused halfway through as he saw how far Stacey's coat had ridden up, now exposing practically all of her youthful legs to him.
"I'm. . oh, uh, I'm John."
Releasing her right hand on her coat Stacey grabbed the partially outstretched hand, not sure of the awkwardness until her attention went back to her own lap and saw what all the fuss was about. Hurriedly she pulled the coat back down with both hands as John's eyes went immediately to the window. Trying to get past the awkward scene the thin woman pushed on with the conversation.
"Nice, nice to meet you John."
Knowing the man was clearly uncomfortable with the situation Stacey attempted to distract him as the truck pulled onto the highway and started the long trek to her house, feeling bad that her state of undress was the cause of his discomfort.
"So, John, why are you pulling such late shifts then? Are you a night owl of sorts?"
John went to glance over at her out of habit to reply, but his gaze quickly diverted back to the road and remained there rigidly while he answered once he remembered how his passenger was dressed.
"Oh, no reason not too I guess. I don't have a family of any kind or anything, so I figured a few years back why not buy a tow-truck and have a night job? It keeps me busy and I get to meet all kinds of people I wouldn't otherwise have the chance to."
"Oh,well that seems like a good enough reason to me! Seems like you are enjoying it and all."
A few minutes went by before the man's eyes found themselves looking back over at Stacey. He looked away again quickly, but this time the girl saw his eyes linger for just a moment before snapping back to the road.
"So uhm Stacey, what brought you out at this time of night?"
Seeing the man's eyes linger, if even only for a second, gave Stacey a slight chill, but the attractive woman soon realised it wasn't a chill of fear. No, it was the rush of starting to get turned on.
[What the hell is wrong with me? I'm getting turned-on by being half-naked in front of some old man I just met? No way.]
Yet the feeling couldn't be denied as much as she tried, and as she explained her story to John and began to make more small talk with him about his life while several more 'glances' were sent her way, Stacey eventually came to the realization that this guy really didn't have much of a life to talk about or be proud of, even if he did seem to her to be a sweet older guy.
A naughty urge suddenly overcame the scantily clad girl as she inexplicably wanted to suddenly reveal more than just her toned legs to the guy in the seat next to her, her loins starting to heat up more than the temperature of the truck accounted for.
[I can't be seriously considering this], she thought as she tried to quell the feeling inside of her while continuing to come up with things to say to John to distract herself from such notions, but the urge wouldn't go away and eventually the excitement became too much for the horny female to bear as she thought of exposing more of herself to a complete stranger who seemed to be missing out in that area in life. Filled with an overwhelming sense of passion the grip on her coat was completely released as Stacey subtly opened up the top of her outer covering ever so slightly in a manner where John wouldn't notice the motion. As the driver continued to stare at the road ahead while re-telling a past experience with another car tow the young woman continued ever so slightly pulling her coat open until she could look down and see the frilly lacy top of her nightie, which meant a good portion of her chest was now exposed. Feeling the wetness return to her groin Stacey took the first step in her new game, now totally committed to playing it out as she was too turned on not to at this point.
"Hey John, there's a lot of controls on this thing - what do they all do?"
Glancing over to see what she was referring to the veteran driver stopped as he could see the opened coat and more importantly what was underneath.
"Oh, uh, well . . ."
The truck swerved as he had to correct the wheel to keep the vehicle from going off the road, causing Stacey to bounce in her seat slightly making her unrestrained breasts jiggle from the motion.
"Sorry, sorry, I was just. . . distracted there for a moment."
Stealing another glance now that he was back on the road completely the man ogled the top swells of the breasts now on display before his gaze regrettably went to the various buttons and controls on the dash and went over them one by one to Stacey. Being a true gentleman he must have decided the open coat was an unknown mistake on the girl's part as he kept his eyes glued to the road again as they continued on.
Loving the reaction she got from the older man Stacey felt herself heating up even more as she took it to the next level, not wanting to stop there as the feeling was too good to not up the ante.
"So you're saying this knob is, wait what does it do again?" she asked as she leaned over in her chair to point at one of the knobs farthest away from her, knowing that in her current position John would be able to see almost all the way down her flimsy nightie as the motion had caused the coat to open up all the way and the low-cut nightie was now drooping down slightly off her lean body.
Forcing him to look since she was pointing to a specific knob John's eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as they came into view of her almost completely exposed breasts.
"Erm, uh, well, uh, that one . . . "
He sputtered out an almost unintelligible answer before forcing his eyes away from the girl at least half his age's chest. Totally lost in the moment Stacey found she couldn't contain herself now, the passion overflowing inside of her. Knowing her neighborhood would quickly be coming up she knew she had to act quick if she wanted to take this any further - which the horny girl knew she definitely did.
"Wow, it's really hot in here . . . it feels good but I think I'm a little too warm with my current set-up," she purred, the seduction nearly oozing out of her mouth although she had no idea where it had come from.
Before John could so much as move his hand to adjust the knob for the heat she had shrugged off her coat, her tiny nightie now the only thing that covered her lithe body.
"Well here I can help with that . . .oh, uhm, okay then," was the response she got as the tow-truck driver took in her erect nipples poking through the thin fabric, at a loss for words as the tiny nearly sheen nightie was suddenly all that covered the girl next to him. A small sheen of sweat broke out across the older man's forehead, and Stacey knew it wasn't due to the temperature of the cab as it most definitely wasn't as hot as she had made it out to be - although it seemed the temperature was certainly on the rise now.
"So where exactly were you going again?" John asked, at this point unable to control himself as he continuously stole glances over at the passenger next to him as the truck continued towards their destination.
"Oh, just to pick up my boyfriend at the airport - he, well he told me to dress sexy for him."
A nervous chuckle escaped the man's lips.
"Well, you sure did that. . ."
Realizing what he had just said John forced his gaze fully back on the road, embarrassed at his remark and his lingering gazes.
"I mean, your boyfriend is a lucky man to have you. Sorry, I didn't mean to make any kind of comment insinuating anything or what not . . ."
Stacey only laughed throatily, leaning over the cab to lightly touch John's arm with her delicate hand.
"It's more than ok John, don't worry about it. I mean, you DO think I look pretty though in this at least, right?"
"Erm,well of course you do, you are a gorgeous young . . .holy shit," was all the man could say as he turned once again to face the cute girl next to him seeing as she still had a hand placed on his arm.
Having leaned all the way across the rather expansive cab Stacey's nightie drooped extra low, exposing her ample breasts clear down to her rosy nipples and all to the unexpecting driver.
"I'm sorry, is something wrong?" the exposed girl asked innocently, knowing the view the man was getting and making no attempt to cover up. In fact she found herself lightly moving back and forth while trying to make it seem like the drive was causing it, knowing the motion caused her uncovered breasts to sway with the movement.
Snapping back to his senses John tried to cover up his surprise, yet even focusing on the road part of his attention stayed on the completely visible breasts next to him.
"No, no I just . . .almost missed the turn to your house, is all."
Feeling the juices freely leaking out of her at this point the enraptured woman didn't want the ride to end as she was having way too much fun exposing herself to the nice unexpecting man next to her, but she didn't really have a choice as the truck pulled up outside her and Ted's house. Her hand was pulled back and her breasts covered up - for the most part- by the nightie once more as John cleared his throat and opened the door to step outside.
"I need to get you all unhooked and then you can be on your way."
Waiting for her car to be unloaded Stacey squirmed in her seat as she was overly horny at this point, forcing her hand to not stray down and begin stroking her clitoris even though it was all she wanted to do at that moment. Knowing she gave the man a good show gave the young woman immense satisfaction, but she wanted to take it one notch further as she still felt she could rise even higher on the elation she was already feeling but wasn't entirely sure how. Looking out the window at the empty street due to it being the middle of the night gave the female her most mischievous idea yet however as John opened the passenger side door to let her out.
"Alright, you're all set."
Grabbing her coat without throwing it on Stacey stepped down out of the cab in just her flimsy nightie, accepting the older man's hand to help her down before making her way over to the sidewalk while still staying half-naked. The cool night air flowed up the tiny outfit now that she was out in the open, tickling her nearly exposed privates as she stood waiting for John to finish up. A clipboard appeared in the truck driver's hands as he approached her on the curb.
"You just need to sign this sheet and I'll be on my way," he said as he went to hand the documents over to her. "It's been a real . . . pleasure driving with you, ma'am."
Placing her coat down on the sidewalk so she could sign the clipboard Stacey smiled widely to herself as in the same motion of putting the coat down she slipped one of the spaghetti straps of her nightie off her shoulder, leaving the small article of clothing hanging dangerously low across her breasts while barely hanging on her frame at all now with half its support gone.
"Oh no, thank you," she said as signed the paper, her smile growing wider.
At the end of her signature the shivering-with-excitement-female made an over-the-top flourish with the pen, causing the writing utensil to fly out of her hands and land on the sidewalk.
"Whoops!" she exclaimed in mock surprise as she bent over to pick it up. Looking both ways quickly to make sure no one was watching Stacey unhooked the other strap off her shoulder, leaving nothing on top to hold the garment onto her. Standing up with the pen in her hand while keeping her arms at her side the nightie clung to her tight body for only an instant before the flowy silk slid right off her body to pool at her ankles, leaving the young woman completely nude in front of John as well as anyone else who happened to be looking out their window. The older man's jaw dropped open as he openly stared at the slim girl's naked body, drinking in her heaving breasts and neatly trimmed pussy in all it's glory. Standing there a moment to give him a little longer look Stacey watched his expression with pure elation as she felt the cool air graze her unprotected wet mound, giving her a tingly feeling as she gingerly placed the pen on the clipboard before stepping forward and giving the stunned man a giant hug.
"The pleasure is all mine," she whispered into John's ear as her naked body clung to his grimy coveralls, her hardened nipples pressing against the rough fabric as she gave the older man a squeeze..
In a surprise motion she felt John's large weathered hands on her naked backside as the driver returned the hug, a large bulge in his pants suddenly pushing up against her flat stomach as her lithe body was pressed even deeper against him. A slight moan escaped her lips as she felt the juices running freely down her legs now, the thought of being completely naked outside in a stranger's arms too much for the overwhelmed girl to handle.
The pleasure moan turned into a slightly surprised yelp momentarily as the heavy hands on her back suddenly lowered to her exposed butt cheeks, giving them a little squeeze while her nude slender body was suddenly lifted off the ground with surprising strength. Going with the motion Stacey instinctively wrapped her legs around John's bulky body, her exposed and now slightly widened crotch now rubbing up against his manhood through his pants as the nude woman clung to his waist. A whimper escaped her lips as her womanhood slid down the full length of the truck driver's shaft through the coveralls as she was slowly lowered back to the ground until Stacey's bare feet finally touched the cold sidewalk once more, the rest of her exposed body still clinging to the older man as his bulge once more pressed against her tight stomach. Releasing his grip on her the older tow-trucker driver took a step back, a wet smear visible on his pants now as he eyed her tight little body in all it's naked glory over one last time. Stacey merely stood there with her hands at her side, her breasts heaving up and down wildly now as her breath was short with excitement, her nipples aching to be touched again. The young woman could feel a climax building up inside of her as her hand itched to reach down and pleasure herself through it, barely able to control the insatiable urge. The moment lingered for a few moments more in silence as the two eyed each other over.
"Best pick-up ever," John finally mumbled under his breath before ambling back into his truck, his fairly large bulge that had moments ago been sliding across Stacey's exposed crotch still very evident in his pants as he stole one last long glance at the completely nude girl on the sidewalk.
Waving goodbye seductively Stacey looked around and suddenly remembered where she was, quickly scooping up her garments and scampering inside the safety of her house as the erotic rush started to diminish now that the anxiety of being caught naked outside her house took over.
Opening the door and stepping inside she found Ted lounging on the couch watching t.v., her excitement quickly returning now that she was safely inside, the desire for sex becoming her only want as her pussy throbbed with desire. Looking up from the screen Ted's face froze in utter shock as he took in his completely naked girlfriend standing just inside the doorway, her clothing casually clutched in one hand. Feeling another round of juices flowing down her leg from the thrill of what she had just done Stacey knew right then the night was going to end in passionate fury for her. Dropping her coat and nightie on the floor in a pool she simply shrugged at her boyfriend, causing her exposed breasts to jiggle with the effort. Ted still had yet to say a word this whole time as he continued to look at her in shock.
"What, you said 'dress sexily' - is this not sexy enough for you?"
The only response she got was more of the same open-faced stare as her boyfriend couldn't even sputter out a response. Giving just the tiniest of smiles Stacey swaggered away down the hallway in all her glory, swaying her bare butt cheeks back and forth as she went.Turning back and pausing just prior to turning the corner a wicked grin spread on her face as she pressed her exposed breasts together with her underarms in a seemingly innocent motion.
"Well, you coming or not?"
As the naked revved-up woman made her way back to the bedroom the sounds of heavy footsteps were heard excitedly following just behind her.