One summer, I had the best job a young man can have, I was a bartender at a a resort in the tropics that my Uncle Mike owns. Uncle Mike couldn't pick me out of a police lineup, and his kids run the place, but family is family. They were at least eight years older than me, and we had never been close. I was 19, after my first year of college, and getting desperate about what I would do in the summer, when my father said, "Why don't you go work for Uncle Mike?"
Dad made the call, I got a passport, bought some sunscreen, packed my bags, and there I was, being introduced by my cousin, Michael Hammond, Jr. to Bertrand, the manager of the resort's dining areas. The place was sprawling, with several pools with floating bars and dining options ranging from formal to casual. I trained with Alfonse, the head bartender for the first week, I was given a radio and sent off to man one of the many bars on the property.
It was early in the season when a hurricane was forecast to come ripping through our resort, and we all began to prep feverishly for the upcoming disaster, but at the last minute, the hurricane veered off, out to sea. So we went about unpacking and getting back to normal, but nearly every guest had canceled.
The resort was still fully staffed and it felt like we employees outnumbered the guests. I was sent to man station thirteen, a small poolside bar on the ass end of the property. It was up over a small hill and down some stairs, and while you could walk to a beach from it, it wasn't the most convenient or famous beach. I set up, applied my sunscreen, and went to work reviewing the weird tropical cocktails that I was expected to make.
I was slowly getting bored out of my mind when a trio of men arrived, my first customers of the day. They ordered beers, realized this bar was not where it was going on and left. I put up the 'Be Right Back" sign, locked the register, and went off to answer nature's call.
When I got back, there they were two stunning young women sitting at my bar. With the bright sun reflecting off the pool into my eyes, they were like a mirage or hallucination. One was tall and thin, with soft blue eyes, modest breasts, and nipples that were poking her bikini top, the other was short, and busty, with brown eyes, dark brown hair and a mischievous smirk . And immediately they started flirting with me and giving me a hard time, "Is this place open?" "Are you even old enough to drink?" "Are you a real bartender?" and asking if I knew what was in 'The HammondCane' . After a couple of drinks, I learned that they had come to the resort with their boyfriends, who were attending a small conference on mortgaged securities that hadn't canceled (bankers being cheap) and they were pissed off at being ignored. Also, the SCUBA instructor, McGillis had buggered off ahead of the projected storm and wouldn't be around.
A few customers came by, stopping for a drinks before heading down to the beach, and the girls decided to take their drinks to the chaise lounges at the other side of the pool, which were finally getting some sun.
"Hold it there, you two have to settle up!" Now it was my turn to give them a hard time. They looked startled. They had both run out of their rooms without their keycards, the cards the we use to bill things to their rooms." One of you could stay here, while the other goes back to her room"
"But that's a long walk!"
"Well, if you two show me your boobs, I'll let you drink for free," I said. I braced myself, half-expecting to get both of those drinks thrown in my face.
But they turned aside, put their heads together and whispered. Gina, the taller one seemed unhappy about it, but Mindy, the shorter, bustier of the two seemed think it would be good payback to their boyfriends, who only seemed interested in showing them off and banking.
"We'll do it!" I tried to hide my shock and delight, as I looked around to make sure there weren't any other employees around. Being a Hammond wouldn't save me from this. "OK, here are the rules: Every time you want a drink, you have to lift up your tops and count to three. Not real fast, but for three full seconds. Got it?" They nodded.
They looked around for a moment, then looked at each other. Mindy went right ahead, and Gina was a moment behind. "Onetwothree!"
"Very nice, girls, but that was not three seconds. Let's try that again"
"One...two...three!"
I examined their boobs. Mindy's were larger and fuller, and Gina's had long nipples that were just starting to perk up when she pulled her top down over them.
"So, what'll you have?"
"Margaritas!"
I made them margaritas, and they headed off to catch some sun.
A little while later, the two of them came back, and said, "Two margaritas, top shelf!"
"Whoa! Top shelf? You know that will cost extra."
They looked confused. "Ok, here's what you'll do. Gina, you'll stand behind Mindy and count to three while pulling up her top. Then you'll switch. This time they didn't grumble or discuss, they just did what they were told.
Gina took her position, pulled up Mindy's top and counted, "One..two.."
"Gina, you know, you have really beautiful eyes"
"Aw, thank you, I get them from m-"
"Gee-NA!" Mindy shouted, and pulled her top down. I think Mindy was annoyed I wasn't gawking at her boobs.
Mindy's turn came, and she extracted some payback, counting very slowly, and when she was done, she gave Gina's stiff nipples a tweak, prompting much giggling.
The girls took their drinks, and walked unsteadily back to their lounge chairs. A little while later, Mindy came up to the bar alone, "Two margritas, top shelf!" Her face was flush.
"What are you willing to pay?" The little game we are playing was getting serious.
She pushed through the beaded entrance to the bar, leaned against the wall and lifted her top. I reached out and caressed the sides of her breasts, lightly with my fingertips, tracing the outlines of her soft curves. She sighed and bit her lip as I slowly worked my way up to her stiff nipples.
I said, "Do you really want to do this?" She answered by reaching out to massage my hardening cock through my pants.
I put together a quick plan. I opened the sheltered outdoor storage area right behind the bar, which had been cleaned out in the hurricane preparations. I locked up the register and put up the "Be Right Back" sign. Then I went back to Mindy, and closed the door behind me.
The storage area was about four feet wide and the length of the bar. It had a curb and a little wall, followed by a steel bar fence, and it overlooked our parking lot with the ocean in the distance. I held her from behind, covering her neck with kisses, massaging her right breast, and working my other hand under her bikini bottom.
She moaned loudly as my fingers diddled her clit, and I whispered, "Shh!" in her ear. Neither of us wanted to be caught.
I maneuvered her up onto the curb and pulled her bikini bottoms to the floor. I pushed her legs apart and gave her a gentle nudge forward. Now I dropped my pants and underwear, and eased my cock into her.
Mindy greeted this with a low grunt, as I edged forward and pulled back just a bit. She was wet, but tight. I pushed again and retreated, and she gave a moan. She leaned forward, grabbed the bars and her tits began to dangle and wobble back and forth, as I pushed back and forth, until finally I was all the way in. I began to fuck her hard and fast.
Her low grunts began to build, getting higher and higher pitched, until she came, crying out aloud, a cry that echoed through the parking lot below.
Mindy had cum, but I was still hard and ready. She turned around and kissed me as she caressed my dampened cock with her hands. Then, kneeling, gave it a long, slow lick, starting at the tip and ending at my balls. This had me moaning, and she licked back up towards the tip and took it in her mouth. As she licked and sucked my cock, she gently caressed my balls with her finger tips, and I was approaching the point of no return when-"SECTION THIRTEEN COME IN!!" My radio goes off, startling us both.
I grab my radio and responded, as I pull up my pants. Alphonse was closing my section and wanted me to help out the bartenders working the dinner rush. Mindy skittered off, but in cleaning up, I spot an upside down coaster, with "9:15 rm 237" on it. I smiled, and I'd swear my hard on lasted through the dinner rush.
To be continued...