Melissa held herself up on all fours wearing a skimpy bikini and thong that barely covered her body. Around her neck was a thick black collar with a leash attached and held by Selma. She was a bitch. Not just any bitch, Selma's bitch. The frozen Selma radiated strength and confidence while Melissa stayed on all fours like a submissive pet. Selma's people wasted no time getting her on display. She was stripped, oiled, dressed and added within 15 minutes of being taken. The silver lining was that they were all professional. No one touched were they weren't supposed to touch even if no one was looking. She didn't know how long she was stuck, but the sensation of being frozen and the added arousal of humiliation was starting to take its toll. She was feeling the infamous bliss everyone talked about and silently agreed to herself that bliss was the only word to describe it. She couldn't physically touch herself, all she could do was let the arousal take over her body. Oh how amazing it was to be frozen as she orgasmed in her motionless state.
***
"Why would you make that deal?" Paul threw his hands up in the air.
"He taunted me." Kara said. "Why? You don't think I can win?"
Paul was silent. Anytime their was a decision to make, he thought about it. It was a trait Kara envied. She won half of Rick's office without risking anything. Now everything was on the line. For what? The last thing she wanted to do was stare at his ugly mug all day. It was a lose lose deal in hindsight.
"Look I know it was a bad decision, but I'm not going to give up."
"Kara, it was a terrible decision." Paul shook his head. "You know for someone you hate, you sure do give him a lot of attention."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Kara said.
"If I hated someone, I would make a point not to see them."
"But Jenny and him are..."
"And how often does Jenny see me because of you."
Kara restrained her tongue. Defending the veiled accusation was only going to dig her hole deeper. And if she dug it too deep, she risked Paul finding out the truth. Revenge was a risk worth taking. She didn't want to stare at Rick's ugly mug, but shoving him in his old office closet and taking all the praise and money for her new job would be poetic justice.
"I hate Rick, okay. He's an asshole and cocky and I can't wait to literally put him in his place." Kara said.
Paul didn't say anything. Kara grabbed him and pulled him close.
"If you got something to say, say it." Kara said.
Paul kissed her. It was a kiss, but it lacked passion.
"I guess I'll take care of business cards and the guest list. You and Jenny can look after food and beverages?" Paul said.
Kara nodded. Paul stood up and scratched his head like it was an awkward pause during a first date.
"Well I better get to work on those." He flashed a smile and left.
Kara remained in the same spot. He knew something was going on, but he couldn't place his finger on it. The obvious choice was Rick. Opposites attract and hate sometimes turned to passion so it was a reasonable assumption. The thought made Kara shudder. The truth was much more complicated and she needed to deal with it before it was too late.
***
Melissa never got the chance to give Selma a piece of her mind. By the time she was free, Selma had already been escorted out. She thought about the implications of being frozen for so long. Was it an addiction she'd feel or would it subtly change her behavior? Would knowing the addiction exists change her opinion? The potential answers scared her. She had avoided it for so long and it angered her that the one person she trusted the most, carelessly left her in a compromising position.
Melissa barged into Bill's office and shut the door behind her. Bill stood up, angry at the intrusion.
"You knock before you come in here." Bill yelled.
His rage was met with an equally passionate slap across the face causing his skin to flush.
"You froze me without my consent and I was forced into that display." Melissa's voice was louder.
Bill shrunk. "Melissa, they told me you agreed. If I'd know, I would have..."
Melissa put her had up to cut him off. "Because of you I am addicted now. You can't take that back."
"Addicted to what?"
Melissa watched Bill's reaction carefully. He had no idea what she was talking about. She broke down in his arms and explained everything. Legend, the stolen camera, the addiction of freezing. The weights of anxiety slowly lifted from her mind as she confided to her boss. He apologized profusely.
Melissa sat calmly in the chair opposite Bill's desk. Many questions ran through her mind.
"Do you think Mr. Lawson knows?" Melissa asked.
Bill shrugged his shoulders. "About the stolen camera, no. But he is the type of man to know about his product. I wouldn't put it past him."
"So he's knowingly putting people at risk..."
"People sell cigarettes and alcohol, those can also cause addiction. If there's no actual proof that freezing people causes an addiction, there's really no reason to stop. I mean all the proof you have is from a thief you can barely describe."
Melissa sat back uncomfortably. It wasn't a black and white issue and Bill did have a point. There was no evidence. And she didn't feel any different... yet.
"So what are we supposed to do?"
Bill clasped his hands together.
"Status quo. The best thing we can do is maintain our positions and look for more evidence. Frequent customers, unusual behavior. That sort of thing. I further recommend that you document everything you experience since you may now be affected."
"You're going to use me as a guinea pig."
"I'm sorry, Melissa. I know this is my fault, but now that you know, we should use it to our advantage."
Melissa crossed her arms. He was right, but that didn't take away what he did.
"Fine, but you need to stop freezing staff when they don't listen."
Bill took a few seconds to mull it over and nodded his head in agreement. He didn't have much choice in the matter. He slid a piece of paper across the desk.
"There is one other issue to deal with."
The piece of paper was a summary of a contract for Selma to become a mascot for Decor. It stipulated that she would be required to be on display for certain weekends during the month for a minimum of two years.
"Needless to say, the young pop star really enjoyed her experience. Her lawyers had that offer to us within the day."
"But she doesn't know the risks. We need to tell her."
"No. Because we don't know the risks." Bill could sense Melissa's reservations about the situation." Look if this young pop star sticks to this schedule, she's obviously not addicted."
"If I don't get a say in anything then why are you telling me this?" Melissa asked.
Bill pushed another piece of paper forward.
"Because her signing the contract is contingent on that contract."
The second piece of paper was a contract for Melissa to be a permanent part of Selma's display. Any time Selma was to be put on display, Melissa had to join her on all fours. There was also a section requiring Melissa to attend two of her concerts as a frozen display. She pushed the contract back to Bill.
"You're kidding me. You want me to sign up to be her frozen bitch. No way."
Bill slid the paper back slowly.
"If we want to maintain our positions here in order to bring this issue to light, we're going to have to make sacrifices. You want the world to know? If Selma falls to this addiction, the world is going to find out."
Bill placed a pen on the contract.
"Your decision, Melissa."
***
Kara dropped the grocery bags of assorted snacks on the counter next to the beer. Snacks and alcohol were an important part of any party and skimping on that was not going to leave a favorable impression. Paul quickly did an inventory check and nodded in approval.
"I saw Jenny's car out there." Kara said.
"Yes you did." Jenny said entering the kitchen wearing her cheerleader costume. Her top tightly wrapped around her chest covering her firm breasts. It was cut off at the midriff, showing off her toned abs and sparkling belly button ring. The skirt was the exact opposite leaving nothing to the imagination as her long legs extended down from a skirt that barely concealed her ass. The costume was completed to perfection with her added pigtails and team stickers on her face. "Our third model is upstairs getting ready."
Kara's face went sour. "I can't believe you asked Rick's cousin."
"She's hot. You need hot models, Kar." Jenny said. "Besides it's not like you have to talk to her all night. She's just here for her looks."
Kara had no time to complain.
"Where's my outfit?"
"Upstairs in the guest room." Jenny checked her watch. "You better go get ready."
Kara walked into the guest room and immediately froze. It couldn't be.
"Hello, Kara."
Kara's mouth stopped working.
"Oh is it my turn to play with you."
Lexi walked over in her underwear and traced her finger along Kara's breasts.
"I've always wanted to return the favor."
She locked lips with Kara. All those times kissing her lifeless lips and now she was experiencing the real thing. It didn't compare to playing with her frozen body. Kara was completely intoxicated by the girl. The sound of footsteps stirred a panic. Kara snapped to her senses and pushed Lexi away as the door opened. Paul looked from one girl to the other, both seeming flustered.
"We're you two making out?" Paul said in a joking tone.
The girls looked at each other and laughed.
"You wish, babe." Kara said. She kissed his cheek. "Where's Jenny?"
"I already froze her. Just waiting on you two. You ready?"
Kara and Lexi nodded and gathered their costumes.
Kara was frozen behind the drinks table wearing a push up bra that emphasized her chest. The word 'Tips' was written above her chest with the arrow pointed down to the cleavage below. There was plenty of room for spare change or bills. Beside the television stood Jenny in her provocative cheerleader outfit standing on a makeshift small podium to emphasize her as a display. Directly across from Kara was Lexi. The way Paul had froze them, their eyes locked on each other forcing her to stare at the object of her desire while repeatedly feeling pleasure. Lexi wore the same outfit as Kara, tip jar chest included as the food table laid in front of her. Each girl carried Party Decor business cards in their right hand for guests to grab, hopefully leading to more customers. Everyone was perfectly in place and all the food and beverages were out for consumption. Kara was happy and was certain the displays would generate business. Bring on the guests!
Kara had no idea how many people Paul invited, and was surprised to see more and more people piling into the party. The room was large enough to hold the forty-ish people she counted, with an even mix of men and women. More people meant more potential customers. She heard many compliments about the party decor but no inquiries into why the girls were frozen. To make matters worse, Rick showed up. The first thing he did was tip Kara, winking at her with a mischievous smile.
Kara fought hard to ignore the pleasure of being frozen so she could eavesdrop on Rick. He wasn't there to party or to support Jenny. He was there to round up business. Handing out business cards, she started to recognize the people. They weren't just people from Paul's office, they were people in the fashion industry. The exact type of people that would be interested in Rick's service.
With Paul distracted in the kitchen, Rick took the opportunity to grab all of Kara's business cards and threw them behind the table. He replaced them with what was likely business cards for Mannequin Modeling, turning her into his own personal marketing model. And there was nothing she could do. Paul would never think to double check the business cards. Soon people came and grabbed Rick's business card from her hand. Not only was she losing business, she was actively helping Rick. He moved on and did the same to Lexi.
Paul was actively keeping the party running and had no time to advertise for Kara. The plan was to steer conversations that focused on Kara into what Party Decor meant, but beyond that and an intermission announcement, the business cards were supposed to do the trick. Now Rick took that over and when people asked about the frozen models, he directed it to a conversation about mannequin modeling. If they inquired about the technology he would point at Kara, Lexi or Jenny. The whole event had turned from a Party Decor showcase to a Mannequin Modeling information session.
Kara's emotions were all over the place. With the baseline of consistent frozen pleasure, her happiness from staring at Lexi switched to rage when she overheard Rick. After the feelings of anger subsided, the humiliation of not only being outsmarted, but actively helping her own demise of being a permanent object for Rick created a surge of pleasure she had never felt before. She was being taken advantage of. Again. Like the night at Decor, Rick orchestrated a situation which left her helpless. However, this time there was no fear of physical consequences, only emotional. It allowed her mind to enjoy the scenario that much more. She didn't have to worry about the consequences of unprotected sex or of Paul finding out. She only had to worry about ending up as a trophy for Rick. She hated it. But her body followed its own rules as the pleasure rose and faded like a wave in the ocean for the rest of the party.
At the end of the party, Rick walked over to Kara on his way out.
"I can't wait to have one of these in my office. Really ties the room together."
He tipped her again and the left along with the remaining guests. Paul unfroze the trio. Everyone was giddy and excited, except Kara.
"What's wrong, Kara?" Paul asked.
Kara ignored him and walked over to Jenny.
"Let me see those business cards." Kara demanded.
Jenny clutched them tight. "There's like 3 left. The guests took a lot."
Kara grabbed her sister and physically removed them from her hand. She looked at the content of the card and stared at her sister in disbelief.
"You helped him." Kara said.
"Kara, what are you talking about? Helped who?" Paul said.
Kara handed him the business cards for mannequin modeling.
"These are Ricks."
"Kara, I didn't help him" Jenny said.
"Rick invited everyone in the fashion industry here. And then he switched my cards and Lexi's cards. But not yours. He didn't need to."
"Kara, I didn't know." Jenny said.
"You betrayed me for that asshole. Why would you help such a self-serving..."
"Kara, I didn't..."
"Get out." Kara said.
"Kara please, listen..."
"I said get out!."
Jenny held back tears more than her defensive statement. She looked one last time at Kara, realizing there was nothing she could say and left.
***
Mr. Lawson slumped against the wall with a bottle of rum in one hand. He wasn't intoxicated... yet. The models stood perfectly in their glass prison. They were free to come and go, but Mr. Lawson knew they would stay. The ugly side of buying technology not made by your company was there were always hidden skeletons. Addiction, he found out a few weeks ago, was one of them. It made sense from what he heard about how it felt. He likened it to a smoker having an orgasm every time they took that first puff. Who would want to let go of that feeling? Of course, like any vice, some people seemed to be more affected than others. There were the lucky women who rejected his offer, but the majority couldn't resist.
All the women in his collection were from respected professions. There was Leah, a very popular school teacher he dated briefly. On a whim she took his offer to try out the booth and before he knew she quit her job and accepted one as his model. Now instead of teaching young minds, she stood in a red cocktail dress in the middle of an empty room. Beside her was Melina, his former dentist. He was dumbfounded when she opted to sell her practice and accept the modeling job. The power of pleasure and addiction.
He tried to ignore the problem, hoping it would go away on its own, especially with his very own modification to the technology coming out. But it didn't go away and if it ever got out, his company and life would be over with the amount of lawsuits that would be filed. Of course he never had to worry about that until Ashley. A famous CEO and juggernaut in the fashion business suddenly thrown out of her company after a disastrous PR scandal. The whole world tuned into the story and front and center was Lawson Corporation. Was it a set-up? Was there bad blood between Lawson and Winters? The media went wild with speculation. After the confrontation at Decor, the board of directors told Lawson to fix it or the brand damage would be irreparable. Ashley refused any help and told everyone off, to put it nicely.
As for the new tech. No one said anything about it, but he could tell it was the black sheep in the room. They were all waiting for it to rear its ugly head in a rape case or two as the final blow to the company. Lawson slammed the rum back and stumbled to his feet. He knew what he had to do.
***
Ashley entered Roman's office, the same scene of her infamous PR disaster. Roman had two models lined up against the wall wearing what appeared to be Sexie's new line of lingerie.
"You call yourselves models. Breasts out, asses out. That's all people care about. You are objects to them. That's how we sell lingerie."
"Great motivational speech." Ashley said.
Roman turned and grinned at his former competitor. "You think you could do better, Ms. Winters."
Ashley shoved her purse into Roman's arms and stood in front of the models.
"You are both very gorgeous models. That means the majority of the work is done. All you have to do is showcase your beauty."
Ashley walked over to the first model wearing the full lingerie set of bra, thong, garter belt and stockings complete with matching high heels. The signature to Sexie's new line was the tiny bows lining the straps of the bra and garters with a matching large bow around the girls neck. The tag line was 'Give him a present he'll never forget.' Ashley was always impressed with Sexie's marketing despite the message behind it.
"Women are like a book cover. Men will talk to you if they like what they see or they'll move on to the next book." Ashley said. "You know you're beautiful and you know your best assets. Showcase those."
The model relaxed from her ridiculous pose of shoving her chest out while arching her back. She spread her legs wide, moved her shoulders back and gently rested her hands on her hips. Her breasts were pushed out, but only slightly. The real focal point were her long tanned legs. From behind, her ass was barely contained as it spilled out of the thong. She smiled seductively and remained in her pose as Ashley stepped back beside Roman.
"How you made it this far focusing on ass and tits is beyond me." Ashley said.
There was a noticeable contrast between the first model and second model, who still held the original pose. She was uncomfortable and it was easy to tell. The first model was relaxed. She was confident and it inspired confidence in those who gazed at her.
"So that's your secret." Roman said.
Ashley laughed. "That's modeling 101."
Roman shoved Ashley's purse back into her arms.
"What can I help you with Ms. Winters. A job?"
Ashley slapped Roman across the face.
"I want revenge."
"I'll have to take a rain check on a kick to the nads."
"On my company."
Roman turned back to the models.
"A little modeling advice is not what I'm looking for at the moment."
"Then how about a new mascot and spokesperson?"
Roman's eyes lit up. Ashley shoved the purse back in his hands. She unbuttoned her shirt revealing a Sexie Bra.
"My body and image can be used for all your marketing. There is a portion of my fan base that will immediately come over and then the rest is a battle of marketing and PR, which." Ashley motioned to the models." You clearly need."
"Riveting speech." Roman said. "But why work with devil?"
"I would expect nothing less of what you did, but the company I built from the ground up, tossed me out like I was some washed up fashion icon that was losing them business." Ashley said. "Well they're going to watch me tear it down, piece by piece until there's nothing left. Quite frankly I'm only using you because you have the resources."
Roman was delighted. His hands dropped to the side holding her purse.
"Well, you had me at the slap. While we're on the topic of new business opportunities, I just had an interesting proposition. Care to advise?" Roman said.
***
Mr. Lawson locked the office doors and staggered to his desk. His company was not going down because his mistakes and that meant sacrifices. He dialed the department head of Research and Development.
"Hello Mr. Lawson, what can I do for you." Said Michael.
"I need you to destroy all unaware prototypes." Mr. Lawson said.
There was a long pause.
"Sir, I'm sorry, I think I misheard, can you repeat that?"
Mr. Lawson expected some push back.
"Michael."
"Yes."
"We are no longer creating an unaware device. Before their mere existence gets leaked, I need you to destroy. I repeat, I need you to DESTROY them." Mr Lawson said, emphasizing his instructions.
Another pause.
"Sir... I think."
"Michael, the amount of time you wasted is equivalent to the money I wasted. Don't let the sunk cost fallacy cloud your judgment. It's an aggressive product walking a fine line of encouraging criminal activity. We're done with it. Have I made myself clear?"
"Yes, sir. I'll personally take care of it."
Mr. Lawson clicked off the phone and leaned back in his chair. It was done. He opened the bottom draw and grabbed a small cylinder device made in the same vain as one of his favorite sci-fi movies. He gingerly walked around the office using the device on each model. First there was Macy, then Daisy, followed by Chelsey and finally Katerina. Her beautiful face seemed more blank now that she was unaware. Mr. Lawson picked up Macy and gently placed her in the storage closet with the rest of the his models before using the device on them too. Daisy and Chesley shortly followed as their beautiful bodies piled together on the storage closet floor. As far as he was concerned, they were just objects for the time being. They wouldn't remember anything. He closed the closet and turned his attentions to the blond beauty behind his desk. If he was going to destroy his prized possession, he wanted something in return.
He stared at Katerina, captivated by her beauty. She always looked perfect and he knew that was part of her personality. To always be the best representation of herself. Mr. Lawson never gave input on what she was wearing or how she should pose. She took the initiative and did it on her own. He was never disappointed.
He brushed a loose strand of blond hair behind her ear and moved in to kiss her luscious lips. His hands went to work groping her chest through her fancy cocktail dress. The wetness of her lips urged Mr. Lawson on. Staring at her day after day in her sexy outfits and her blank stare, it was impossible not to fantasize. He ripped the dress down revealing her lingerie. Even underneath her style and fashion intelligence shone brightly.
Mr. Lawson stepped back. The frozen blond stared back. No one would ever know. With the amount he drank, he may not even remember. He lowered her to her knees and made sure she was stable. His cock was in his hand in a matter of seconds. He pried her mouth wide open and slid it in. Slowly he used her head to work it back and forth. The speed gradually picked up as he heard the sounds of her gagging. This is not where he wanted it to end and he pulled out his still rock hard cock. Pre-cum drooled form her wide open mouth.
Katerina was gently placed on her back. Her legs were spread and Mr. Lawson was ready. It was months in the making, but he knew one day he would succumb to the urge to fuck the human Barbie doll that graced his office every day. He grabbed both her legs and spread them wide slowly inching closer... but his smart watch vibrated. He left her legs wide open and stood up. It was Natasha. He had forgotten that he slipped his number to her.
He looked at the naked doll before him and back at his phone vibrating on his desk.
***
Cali flipped through the new fashion magazine desperately looking for her next line that would go viral.
"Knock Knock."
Rick walked in without invitation wearing an expensive suit and carrying an even more expensive briefcase.
"Not interested, Rick." Cali said without looking.
"But you haven't even heard my pitch."
"Unless it involves restoring the chaos your company just unleashed on my main brand, then like I said, not interested."
Rick sat down on the chair next to her.
"Winter's Women is so last year. I think it's time you move on to the only player in town."
Cali closed her magazine.
"Sexie? No way we're going to support that company."
"What if I told you that Ashley Winters was joining them."
"I'd say you're full of shit."
Rick opened his briefcase and took out a stack of bound paper.
"This is a contract to have a mannequin modeling show sponsored by Sexie and Lawson Corporation. We're just looking for a lucky vendor to hold it."
Cali looked at the contract. It was signed by Rick Lawson Sr., Roman Fawkes and Ashley Winters. The projected revenue was more profit than her store would make in 3 months especially if Winter's Women was going through changes.
"You weren't my first choice. But this place is huge." Rick said. "And I think your company has the most promise to grow and maintain mannequin models."
Cali picked up the pen still skeptical of dealing with Rick. It's not that he operated in bad faith, it was simpler than that. He was a selfish asshole who only looked out for himself. Cali dated him briefly and although the sex was amazing, dealing with him beyond that wasn't worth the trouble.
"What's the catch?"
Rick pulled out a skimpy thong and the words 'SEXIE' forming a bikini with part of the 'S' and last 'E' covering the nipples. It was hardly a bikini, but it covered what needed to be covered.
"In solidarity with our brand, we require the owner to be on display in this. We're not making you cut ties with Winter's Women, you are still welcome to sell their clothing, that's if they'll still want to." Rick said. "We need a home base and this show will be the start of a beautiful partnership."
Cali picked up the bikini and thong. It would barely contain her, and she could tell Rick was enjoying every minute of this. He probably suggested the idea himself just to make sure she knew who was boss.
"And where would I be wearing this ridiculous outfit?"
"Just outside your store in a glass display case. You'll be the first beautiful object people see."
Cali twirled the pen around her fingers. The last time she was frozen, she was used as a desert dish at Decor. It was a fun night and she had planned to go back, but never had the time. She had no problem showing off her body. It's why she invested so much in plastic surgery, but she still wanted to maintain her professional image. This was her store and being put on display outside of it in a brand she didn't currently carry could cause confusion among her customers. It would look exactly like what it was: selling out.
"I can't." Cali put the pen down.
Rick handed Cali an envelope from his briefcase.
"Would an upfront signing bonus change your mind?"
Cali opened the envelope and looked back at Rick, her eyes wide in surprise.
"I take that as a yes?" Rick asked.
***
Kara spent most of the week in a sour mood. Not only did Rick gain the upper hand, but she hadn't talked to her sister since the party. She was waiting for an apology from Jenny, but one never came. It was the bare minimum Kara wanted and she wasn't going to make the first move until that happened.
Kara kicked her heels off and threw her top on the floor. On the bed was a beautiful new blue dress. Kara looked around, but there was no indication what it was for. She held it up to her body. It was a perfect fit.
"You'll look gorgeous in that." Paul said from the doorway.
"You bought this for me?" Kara said. "This looks so expensive."
"You've been stressing out a lot lately, I figured you needed a pick-me-up."
Paul walked over and pulled her in for a hug.
"But why the dress?"
"I thought you could wear it to the mannequin show."
"Rick's mannequin show? Why would I go to that?"
"He showed up and ruined your event, you should do the same to his."
Kara didn't like the idea. The less she had to do with Rick the better. The only thing she could hope for was for him to fail significantly.
"I thought you wanted me to have nothing to do with him." Kara said.
Paul put his hands in his pocket and gave her an innocent smile.
"Look I was just as stressed as you, I didn't mean to suggest..."
"An affair." Kara said.
Paul nodded. "I'm sorry."
Kara felt relieved. The last thing she wanted was to lose Paul because of Rick. She walked over and kissed him deeply as she held the dress over her shoulder, draping it down her back. They looked into each other's eyes with renewed sense of happiness. Kara swung the dress around and admired it.
"Let's just go for like 30 minutes, see what the competition is all about." Paul suggested. "You may even draw eyes away from the displays in that hot little piece."
The dress was beautiful and Paul was right. If Rick crashed her party, it was only fair that she crashed his.
"It's a date." Kara said.
***
Cali stood with her hands on her hips leaning slightly to one side with the 'SEXIE' bikini not covering her nipples and her thong swallowed by her ass in a display case which was being closely monitored by a few security guards.
"They should have just had her naked." Natasha said. "Gosh, what do these models get paid to wear an outfit like that."
"That's the store owner." Mr. Lawson said. "And she's getting paid quite handsomely for this."
"Was this your idea?" Natasha teased.
"No, but if you want, I can order you one of those for later." Mr. Lawson winked.
Natasha shoved him playfully. Mr. Lawson didn't know what to expect, and it came as a huge relief that Natasha was getting all his jokes. Sometimes a comment like that went over the girl's head and they went on a tangent about not being required to put out. But Natasha was older. She knew the song and dance of love and she also seemed happy to have a partner to tango with.
"I'm glad you came." Natasha said.
Mr. Lawson nodded politely as he walked side by side with her.
"I'm glad you called. Made me really step back and think about my work."
"What about it?"
"My legacy. How I wanted to be remembered."
"And how's that?"
"Still a work in progress." Mr. Lawson said honestly.
He opened the door to A Woman's Touch and motioned Natasha through first. There was already a large crowd and many displays of women on podiums in various stages of undress donning new outfits from the wide range of Sexie clothing lines. Mr. Lawson was ecstatic that Ashley was able to put her differences aside with Roman and work together.
He saw Ashley and Roman setting up another model and approached them as Natasha left for a washroom break.
"I see the hatchet has been buried." Mr. Lawson said.
Ashley scoffed at him. Roman shook his hand and then guided him away so Ashley could work uninterrupted.
"For now. Until I find out what she has up her sleeve." Roman said.
"You know I was ready to come sock you in the face for disrupting my business like that. We've always operated on cooperative terms."
Roman sipped his Old Fashion to suppress a laugh. "My main competitor was gift wrapped like a doll. You think I'm going to say no to that offer?"
"What do you mean offer? Didn't you set that up?" Mr. Lawson asked.
"Someone approached me about it."
"Someone from her company?"
Roman shook his head. "Don't tell her that, but no it was someone completely unrelated."
"And what did they want?" Mr. Lawson asked.
Roman shrugged his shoulders and finished off his Old Fashion. He placed it on the tray of the waiter passing by.
"Nothing. I figured it was someone who hated Winter's Women. Bet they're happy now." Roman flashed his trademark grin.
His watch buzzed and he grabbed his phone from his pocket.
"I have to take this. I'll see you around, Ricky boy."
When he talked with Ashley, she was convinced Samantha was behind it. A third party meant there was an ulterior motive. That also meant his business was now involved. Destroying the unaware device was one skeleton gone, but how long before the others were discovered. Some couldn't be destroyed, only hidden. And if someone was poking around, they were bound to find them. Unless he found them first.
"You all right, Rick." Natasha said.
Mr. Lawson snapped back to reality.
"Perfect. Shall we?" Mr. Lawson held his arm out.
Natasha smiled and linked arms as they walked towards the main display area.
***
Each step through the store was a further disappointment for Kara. The place was the busiest she had ever seen a store and there were frozen models everywhere wearing every different piece of Sexie clothing. She would be in awe if it weren't for the implications of a successful mannequin show.
In the main display area there was a shielded podium reserved for one of Rick's top models. She had no idea who it was and she couldn't ask Jenny after their dispute. But if she could find out, maybe she could convince her not to or hide her if she was already frozen.
"Hey look there's Jenny." Paul said.
Jenny was posed in a red Sexie bikini and thong reminiscent of the first time she was posed on her birthday. Although helping Rick earlier was unforgivable, she didn't expect her to not help him mannequin model. Kara stared in the eyes of her frozen sister wishing she could talk and make amends.
"I'm going to the washroom." Paul said.
"Okay, I'll be around here."
Paul left and Kara spotted Lexi down a few podiums. She somehow looked more beautiful than the handful of times Kara saw her in Paul's office. Her feelings were starting to feel personal instead of the usual burst of lust. She didn't want to just have her way sexually with the petite brunette, she wanted to hold and kiss her. In fact she couldn't stop thinking about the kiss Lexi gave her. Aside from Paul she never felt so excited to see someone. She gave Lexi a smile and nod as if to signal that she enjoyed the kiss.
Kara saw a few more familiar models from the office and Decor, and was starting to wonder where Paul went. Towards the washroom she saw Paul and Rick having a heated conversation. She couldn't hear exactly what they were saying, but Paul was getting close and aggressive. Kara picked up her pace. Rick brushed Paul off and walked into the employee only section. Paul was never the one for confrontation so she was surprised when Paul rushed after him. Things were about to get ugly. She picked up her pace as fast she could in her heels and entered the door to chase after them.
At the end of the hall she saw a glimpse of Paul before he disappeared around the corner.
"Paul." Kara yelled.
She ran down the hall and turned the corner to another hall with three doors, one on the left, one on the right and one in the center. No doors were labeled but she had heard one slam. The two on each side were locked. She turned the center knob and it opened. The room was pitch black.
"Paul. Are you in here?" Kara said.
She almost tripped as she walked into what felt like a step. She rummaged through her purse for her phone as she walked up each step. She lifted her phone up and before she could turn on the light, her hand stopped moving. Despite her best efforts, she couldn't move anything. Lights turned on and Kara saw her reflection in the mirror standing on a pedestal. The door opened behind her and she saw Rick in the reflection.
"Kara. I'm glad my main event could make it."
Rick grabbed her phone and purse.
"Don't worry, you'll get these back after the show."
He adjusted her into an elegant pose with one hand on her hip and the other slightly down her thy. Her expression was manipulated into a seductive smile.
"Much better."
Kara couldn't believe Rick tricked her again. There were prettier and well known models on the other podiums so it wasn't that he needed her for the main display. He wanted her. To show her what it's going to be like when she now inevitably lost. The only silver lining, if any, was that she would at least retain her dignity with the dress she was wearing. It wasn't about embarrassing her, it was about control. She wondered what it would have been like if she accepted his offer to be Office Decor. Her job would have been relatively easy. Show up, get dressed and pose on all fours for the man she despised the most. She would no longer form new working relationships or contribute new ideas. She would be there for her body only. Her purpose was to improve the morale of the office by being an object workers could derive visual pleasure from. Would that have been so bad?
Now Rick was about to put her on display as a mannequin on a podium advertising the new Sexie dress. Part of her hated the situation, but part of her was in heaven after being frozen again. Frozen and on display for hundreds of different people. There were no sports to distract or meals to distract. She was the main attraction. The mirrors lowered around her and she could see all the guests staring at her sexy body in the Sexie dress.
"There's nothing more beautiful then a woman." Rick said, his voice amplified throughout. "And I couldn't think of a better model to showcase their true beauty."
Rick looked up at Kara and winked. She couldn't tell if he was doing her a favor or if this was a punishment.
"Ladies and Gentlemen. The beautiful Kara." Rick announced.
The crowd clapped at the beautiful display. Kara felt an overwhelming sense of pride. All the doubts and thoughts of being ugly or unattractive washed away. People were applauding her beauty. She cast her bitterness aside and made the conscious effort to enjoy the evening. Enjoy being an object of beauty. Her flawless makeup with a bold red lipstick highlighting her luscious lips, eye shadow outlining her deep blue eyes and a foundation to hide all her minor blemishes, creating the effect of a perfect tan. Her diamond earrings and matching bracelet that sparkled in different angles of light along with her diamond engagement ring all enhanced her visual display. Her extended blue painted nails matching both her outfit and her eyes. And the dress. The perfect dress. Highlighting her curves, her wide hips and spank-able ass with just enough cleavage to showcase her favorite assets. Her heels felt like mini pedestals as she stood tall and proud. All the time and effort she put into herself combining to make her the perfect decoration.
***
Melissa opened her door. She felt a breeze of fresh air gently caress her ear as she shut the door quickly. She didn't feel any different or have any sudden urges. It's as if she was waiting. The calm before the storm. She went to her room and stripped herself, ready to take a shower after a long day.
She tried to bend over, but couldn't. The hairs stood up on her naked body as she sensed him from behind.
"Hello Melissa. I thought we could use a little catch up." Legend said as she shut the bathroom door.