Chapter 07.1 : Some sultry dispersal before the visitors cum, Part 1
Dear Reader(s) :
This will be a12-Chapters-story, a true story. (This is a corrected prediction - for all of my readers following this novel from scratch, all the time awaiting 8 chapters as provided in my basic storyline - thank you so much for giving me lots of encouraging feedback and compliments, mostlythanking me for sharing, asking for more details, and pleading, even urging me on to continue writing. Well, I promise I'll do :-). And I appreciate your every input, very much.
I've made some good friends through the feedback and have found corresponding with them a real pleasure, mostly.
Very few of you are still awaiting my answer - please be patient, I'm writing on Ch. 07.2 already.
For those of you who are new to this story: I would recommend to read the previous chapters before proceeding here.
Thank you all, and enjoy!
femadorer
Part 1: Friday Evening
"Ooh God yessss... please hurry darling - I want you Bernd, and I want you NOW! I need you my love..." ordered Renate, "and if that means that I am greedy I'll gleefully fit in with your words."
"Gleefully, huh?" I grinned down to her still heated, sweaty face, her beautiful, now sparkling eyes caressed mine, before she kissed me deeply till both of us moaned appreciatively; my left hand roamed all over her gorgeous ass-checks, caressing and every now and then lovingly pinching the quivering, firm globes till she broke our kiss, panting hard. Our eyes flew open, mutually, hers boss-eyed and deep dark with unbridled need. "Sweet heavens, daarrlinnng..." I managed to groan, "...girl... you're irresistible sexy... are you sure we can make it to the bedroom before you cum again?"
Sylvia giggled behind me, "Well... I wouldn't bet a fortune..."
I nibbled Renate's earlobe lovingly, and whispered, "you've heard our princess' voice - shall we prove her wrong?" My eager beauty shuddered with my breathing into her ear, and shook her head 'no', I smiled rejoicing and murmured, "Better not, huh? Then let me help you out of your skirt -- can you turn and get a hold on the table, my sweet cutie? I'll support you, okay?"
Feeling her smile on my cheek was enough for an answer, I lowered my right hand to support her sopping wet vulva, and was rewarded with a breathlessly sighed, "Ooaahhh daarrrling..." that made me grin; my trembling girl lowered her right leg to the ground and turned around to support herself with both hands on the table, thus sticking her perfect butt into my face in a most seductive way. Feasting my eyes on the breathtaking view of her firm, scantily clad ass-cheeks I couldn't withstand to let both hands roam up the outsides of her shapely thighs, following the garters till they disappeared beneath her trapped skirt, Renate let out some shivering moans and swayed her hips sensually when I grabbed the hem of her skirt to pull it down to enable me to unbutton it, then reaching for the zipper, I pulled it down as far as would go, took a hold on the now gaping waistband of her skirt and lowered it slowly, it went down with difficulties because of the tightness before it had passed the widest scope of her butt, from then on it slipped down easily, following the force of gravity till it clustered around her ankles.
"Geeze..." muttered Sylvia, short-breathed, "...what a chassis... girl, you are beautiful!" Meanwhile my hands were busy again, roaming up the curvaceous outsides of Renate's butt till softly stroking her perfect hips, before they reached inwards her belly to slip inside the waistband of her panties, the first skin-to skin contact elicited a yelling, "Ooaahhh my gaaawwwdd Berrnnnddd..." from my helpless victim, her left hand raced up to her tits to do things to those sweeties I only could dream of in this state of progress; alone having just two hands, like most people I know, I continued my ministration on her belly whilst licking and kissing my way all over the small of her back, "Ooaah daarrrlinngg..." Renate's low growling only added to both of her admirer's pure excitement.
"You're feeling fine Renate? You don't want me stop, or... do you my love?" I asked her quivering buttocks, before kissing and nibbling my way along the waistband of her panties, clinging to the enticing upper swell.
Her stifled wheezing was music to my ears, "oohgawd yessss... I mean NO!" She replied huskily, before she cleared her throat, "Eew...sorry, I mean YESSS - you're doing good my love, please don't ever stop!!!"
"I guess I can promise..." I chuckled, my hands on her front, still inside her panties dove deeper, thus pulling the waistband southwards with the progress, when reaching her oh so soft V-shaped pubes my hands split up and the fingertips followed the horizontal outline to the vertex points, then downwards till they met again, exactly at the lower abdomen's partition. "Perfectly trimmed, my sweetie!" I complimented my excited lady's enticing globes.
"Oouughh sweet heavens... daaarrrlinngg..." my violently trembling beauty growled, squirming and tiptoeing as if to force my hands to continue to where they seemed to be expected, but the obviously unaware hands split up again to roam to the sensually curved outsides of her butt, lowering and again pulling the panties further southwards.
"We should get rid of these sexy panties, don't you think so my darling?" I asked my panting victim in a playful tone, "...we don't want them to be soaked in case you happen to get aroused, right?" I continued whilst parking the waistband by the clasps of her garters.
"Ooh NO!" She snickered short-breathed, with her pelvis rotating most seductively, "...though I guess your fabulous idea came a tiny little bit too late..."
Sylvia giggled in the background... and swallowed audibly as I lifted my own butt and pulled my pants down to my knees with one hand, I grinned to myself and shook my legs two, three times till the pants gave up and fell to the ground, instantly followed by Renate's panties, then my knees, what brought my face in direct contact with her perfectly shaped ass, my nose pressed onto her slightly protruding coccyx. An excited scream, "Ooaahhh my gaaawwwddd..." rewarded my effort and encouraged my tongue to sink into the cleft of her ass, licking it in length, downwards as far as I could reach in this position, then up again whilst my left hand moved between her shaking thighs, just above the top of her stockings what coaxed a noisily groan from deep within her, the groan grew any louder as the sassy hand crawled upwards to cup her oh so slippery vulva from behind.
"Could you heave your right leg a bit darling, please?" I asked my now constantly groaning girl, deeply inhaling her thickening feminine scent, "while I support you and pull your clothes out of the way, we don't want you to trip in the end."
"Ooaaahh, ooh... okay, whatever you... Ooh my God...daarrlinng..."
My lively lips and tongue backed away from her amazing butt, hesitantly I honestly have to say, I sat back onto the settee, bent down to our feet and pulled her heel, then the skirt and panties off her right foot; stepped out of my pants then, laying them flat onto the ground before I set her foot upon the soft material. While my right hand raced up and round her waist to get a tight hold on her belly, just beneath her garter belt I ordered, "...now the left foot darling, okay?"
"Oh..kaye..." her shivering sigh delighted me beyond belief; my left hand hated my idea but I forced it to leave Renate's steamy crotch to remove the left heel likewise, before I put her left foot upon my pants too, and grabbed the skirt and panties to toss the pretty handful onto the settee to my left.
I leaned back to the wall for a moment, contentedly enjoying the enticing view of her 'Perfect Ten Butt', before I brought out, my voice huskily, "Dear heavens Renate, darling, you are more than just beautiful, you are gorgeous in every meaning of the word..." Turning to my right and bending down to softly kiss my sweetly smiling princess I asked her, "...or... what do you think Sylvia?" Only then I realized that her left hand was quite busy, and to be specific it had settled between her splayed thighs.
"I agree with you darling..." she replied huskily, "...though you are the expert here - I never cared too much about other girl's butts; nonetheless this is truly a view for sore eyes, indeed. But now don't let our pretty girl wait any longer, let her feel your tiny little prick at last..." escorted by a conspiratorial smile that I rejoined.
I stood up and closed in to Renate's quivering back, with holding her delighting hips pressing my upright standing pole full length into the cleft of her ass; she sighed with the skin-to-skin contact she had been waiting for, before she realized what was happening, "ohmygawd daarrrlinnng..." she wheezed, bucking, then pressing back against my crotch to feel more of me, "oohgawdyessss Berrnnnddd... ooouugh my gaawwdd, yessss my love..." her pelvis rotated like possessed as my hands closed in over her belly to hold her tighter; suddenly I needed to feel more of her skin and decided that her blouse had to leave. NOW!
I bent over her back and kissed, then licked her neck bow what caused her to hiss, before I kissed her right cheek and muttered near her ear, "Shall I take your blouse, my sweet darling? I want to feel more of your wonderful soft, satiny skin."
"Ohyessss darling, please... that's what I want too... please hurry my love, you're making me sooo hot my darling... sweet heavens, I'm burning for you... wait, let me help Bernd."
Her left hand interrupted the ministration on her chest and came down to reach for the lowest button of her blouse but I caught it on the way, lifted it up over her shoulder and kissed her fingertips, then her palm and the inside of her wrist, feeling her pulse hammering against my lips, "No Renate, my sweet cutie, you are my gift for tonight, my special and oh so precious gift, and I love to unwrap my gifts all by myself... please do me the favor love, you are here to enjoy, and just enjoy."
She gave a soft moan and an, "ooh, okay, yess my love... ooaahh gawd you feel good on me darling, soo good..." whilst I guided her hand back down to cup her left breast again; my palm still on the back of her hand, with our fingers entwined I continued to help her with caressing the fleshy softness, gently weighing, stroking, squeezing the delighting mound till she whimpered with desire, all the time bellydancing thus grinding her buttocks against my pelvis, and the greedily throbbing pole. My right hand let go of her hip to help out in the north, fingertips softly grazing up her flank till they approached the outer slope of her right breast, she inhaled sharply and wheezed with the unexpected sensation as the fingertips followed the underwire of the bra cup towards the heavenly valley in-between her breasts, till the luscious hill filled my palm and I cupped it entirely. Renate growled loudly and my other hand felt her left hand beneath mine working her 'own' mound over like fervently, so on 'my' side I followed the lead instantly before murmuring against her ear, "I love your pretty blouse darling, it's so wonderful soft... and whatever you're hiding beneath it fits perfectly into my hand, just perfectly my love... gawd what a great set you've got my darling..."
"Oooaaahhh gawd Berrnndd, daarrrlinng..." she replied panting, "take that damn blouse, pleeaaze, I need to feel your magic hands on me..."
I smiled about her demanding tone, though feeling right alike her, "heavens, I love you my sweet heart, thank you for ordering me to feel you up, my darling... now turn your head and kiss me whilst I'm fulfilling your wish my love, I missed your sweet lips much too long..."
"Ooh yes darling..." her deep sigh, whilst both of us followed each others order, was just too cute, "I'm missing your lips too, my love..." she murmured against my lips before her right hand came up and over her right shoulder to grab the hair in the back of my neck, she pulled my head closer. My hands roamed down her blouse, not missing to visit her pubes again, just for some mutual fun, before opening the buttons on their way upwards whilst our kiss grew from softly, lovingly to passionately, like feverishly, both our pelves in a frenzy of activities, grinding, thrusting, demandingly rubbing against each others till we had to break the kiss, both panting hard for air, our glazed eyes met, glowing with unbridled lust, passion swept away the patience and I turned her trembling body around to face her, she grunted short-winded, "Ooh yess... ohgaawwdd I neeeeeddd you daarrrling...", her doddering hands grabbed my ass-checks and she thrusted her front into mine, groaning noisily with the feel of my rock hard cock at her belly whilst my shaking hands pulled her blouse back over her shoulders, "...oh my arms, sorry ooaah gaaaawwdd..." she wheezed, tiptoeing with her need, her hands let go of my ass, allowing the blouse to fall down her arms and drop to the ground, flinging her arms round my neck she climbed up on me but it wasn't enough for letting her feel him where he was awaited, so desperately... a disappointed snarl escaped her, a yelled, "darling, daarrlinnnggg!! OOUGHMYGAWWWD DAAAAARRLING..." followed whilst her left hand fell down to grab my throbbing pole, panting, "...oohhh gawwddd you're burning...", both my hands grabbed the lower swell of her buttocks, with my fingertips inside her swollen labia splaying them wide open, I lifted the sweet weight, she wheezed, "Oh gawd yessss... yesssssss..." the head of my cock felt the heat of her sex as her shaking hand tried hard to center my pole in her overheated, dripping wet opening, I lowered my trembling lover slowly till her entrance put over the tip of the helmet and she yelled, "Ooh God yessssssss - NOW!! Oouuuggghhh my gawwwdd yessssssss daaarrrlinnggg..." her hand let go of my shaft and raised to join the other in the back of my neck, using her tight hold she thrusted her chest into mine and her legs came up and clasped my ass-cheeks thus pulling me a bit deeper, gawd she was hot, the tight muscle ring clenched my glans, fervently working it over as if to squish it; being unsure how long I'd be able to take this exciting treatment before cumming right on the spot I pushed deeper into her, I felt her belly quivering, then shuddering and became aware that she was close to cumming, the helmet escaped the enticing torture and slipped through in total, finitely, and with her clasping opening's search for a new grip on my shaft she bellowed out her climax, "daaarrrlinnggg... oooaaahhhh gaaawwwdd..." till she ran out of air.
A few minutes passed by while we just panted in unison, she kissed and licked my face like possessed, meanwhile I reveled in the feel of her excitedly vibrating, and every other second contracting vagina, massaging my cockhead quite pleasurably, thus forcing her boiling hot juices to trickle down around my shaft despite her tightly clenching opening.
"Ooh Bernd..." she sighed against my ear once she'd caught her breath, "you are wonderful my love... you feel sooo good inside me, will you give me some more now? Pleeaazze!!" She pulled me any closer and kissed me so demanding that my entire body started humming with the exciting prospect.
"Of course my lovely seductress..." I managed to wheeze as our lips unlocked in the need for some air, "...everything you wish for my wonderful lover... really everything to make this night a perfect night for you, as well as unforgettable - that's what I want - no...need you to feel my love..." My fingertips released her slippery labia cause I wanted to feel them gliding along my pole as I slowly lowered her butt to feed her more of him, her ass-cheeks tightened unconsciously and she groaned noisily, constantly whilst my bulky cockhead distended the depth of her sweet sheath with the lingering progress, enabling her vagina to familiarize with my wideness. "You feel good, my sweet heart?" I asked softly, before she got a sweet and tender kiss.
She kissed her way across my cheek before she whispered against my ear, "Ooh yesss my darling, don't move please, just let me enjoy you... ohgaaawwd, your heartbeat is drumming in my pussy, spreading out through my entire belly and down to my knees... what a wonderful feeling Bernd, my love." Her vaginal musculature massaged my prick in slow, like lazy waves, suddenly her breath shortened and her sopping opening varied between clasping and releasing, showing that she was due to cum again, soon.
My head backed away, a bit, and I kissed the tip of her cute little nose, murmuring, "Yes my love, let loose and cum for me... please try to hold your lovely eyes open, let me see what you feel when you cum again, will you?"
Her eyes flew wide open, she frowned and a light redness crept up her pretty face as she asked huskily, "How cou...ooaaahhhgaaawwwdd..." she sighed under her breath and tensed shortly, before wheezing, "...ooah geeze... Bernd, it's... ooh God I'm..." she stared into my eyes, bucked hard, her head fell back and her hold on my nape tightened before the slow wave hit her core, she shook violently with the impact, and started roaring, "Ooaahh gawwddd yessssssssss..." instantly followed by a high-pitched scream, "...daaaarrrrrlinnnng..." that left her with empty lungs; with bucking even harder, once, twice her pussy started contracting in spasms, her hot juices seeped along my shaft, following the force of gravity, whilst my adorable lover collapsed to my chest.
My shaking knees caused me to carefully feel my way back to the settee whilst desperately fighting for air, with feeling the edge in the bend of my knees I let myself sink back onto the pouffes and released my tight grip on Renate's hot, slippery buttocks, her knees fell to the sides like uncontrolled, what allowed me to lean back to the wall for support whilst Renate's weight caused her excited vagina to impale herself on me to the max... gawd, that felt good, the more so as I felt her cervix putting over the tip of my glans... perfect...simply perfect, what a wonderful feeling, her most intimate opening transmitted her womb's vibrations onto my sensitive helmet, whilst her vagina's tremors ran over my shaft, to and fro - I was in heaven, and allowed myself to relax, silently regretting that this wonderful woman missed all the sweet sensations.
My liberated hands raised, my left held my lover's lower back in place, the right came up to cup her sweaty, glowing left cheek - her tightly shut eyes confirmed what I already had noticed, namely that she had passed out, again... what made me smile; I kissed her slightly parted lips tenderly before gently resting her head in the crook of my neck, the back of her head held in place by my left shoulder. I kissed my meanwhile regularly breathing lady's eyelids before stroking her cheek and brushing some damp wisps of her dark blond hair off it to carefully tuck them behind her left ear, thus coaxing a little, stifled 'mmhhh...' from my cutie.
Just when I was about to turn to my right to look after the Queen of my Heart at last I felt her leaning on my arm, her sweet lips kissed my shoulder, I looked down to her prettily flushed face and asked softly, "Can I get a kiss my love?" and I got what I'd asked for, a sweet, tender, loving kiss that grew a frog in my throat in no time, I croaked as soon as Sylvia unlocked her lips, "...thank you my love, thank you for your understanding, and patience..."
Her left arm came up, round my neck to enable her hand to slowly caress my left cheek with heartbreaking tenderness, my right hand left Renate's cheek to cover the back of Sylvia's hand, turning my face to the left I planted a dozen feathery kisses all over her palm, then her fingertips, before my dazed brain got it, "Ooh..." escaped me, "Hi, Miss Pussy... what are YOU doing up here?" Sylvia tittered happily, and I turned back towards her brightly smiling face, her loving eyes rained sparkles over me. I bowed my head, in first place to escape the scratchy plaster cast in my neck, but mainly to kiss my princess lovingly to show her how much I appreciated her understanding. In the end we had to break the sweet kiss, and I nibbled her luscious lower lip, she shuddered... ooh so cutely, and I mumbled with a bright smile, "I'm so sorry my sweet heart that you had to take care of yourself, only there was no way to stop her, gawd Sylvia... this lovely beauty is a natural disaster."
"She passed out again, right darling?" asked Sylvia back, I nodded, and she added, now huskily, "I watched her pretty face when she became aware that another climax would overrun her soon, her eyes widened to the max and her features contorted with sheer lust... you even weren't fully buried inside her, what enabled me to see how hard her sex was working over your shaft, what an impressing view, I came instantly all over my hand with imagining I'd be in her place and excited as well... gawd you two made me hot beyond belief, so hot that I came several times in a row, every orgasm harder than the one before - it was unbelievable..." she ended with a deep, contented sigh that caused me to smile brighter.
I kissed my sweetheart lovingly, "That's great to hear, earnestly my darling, I'm soo relieved that you didn't feel like a misfit, but participated in our excitement, that's wonderful my love, my beloved voyeur."
Sweet Sylvia grinned brightly, before her beautiful eyes grew serious, "Well, my love, honestly I've gotta say that for a moment - a very short moment I should note - I was afraid that it might, ahem, annoy me to witness an act so intimate, but to my surprise arousal took over instantly, steadily growing the longer I watched you two, acting and moving in perfect harmony, your caring and openly shown high respect for your lover and her needs, her steadily rising passion, your tenderness and endearment... to watch you two was impressing and immensely exciting... in no way any near to watch one of those stupid movies... your act was an act of give and take, of love and devotion, it was wonderful and touching, and it reminded me of how you are always treating me, and how much I enjoy and praise your impressing fantasy and patience, your constant determination to give me everything I wish for, and even more; the way you are leading me to heights of pleasure and excitement I didn't even know of." Her now dreamily eyes dove deep into mine before she continued, "You, and your love are changing everything, my wonderful man, and I feel like reborn since you're showing me into a new world... a wonderful, and promising world."
Sylvia's almost devotional speech moved me deeply, and I hugged her tighter, resting her cheek high on my chest without losing our eye contact, before I kissed her sweetly smiling lips, "I know, my love, our whole life has changed from yesterday to tonight, and now we need to learn quickly to come to terms with what we achieved in the bygone night, at last."
My princess' eyes glistened suspiciously as if she tried to subdue a sob, "We can handle that my love, I'm confident. We fought hard through the years, side by side my darling, we never gave up and in the end we succeeded - so I'm not in doubt that we are ready and able to face this new challenge as well."
She kissed me so lovingly that my heart skipped a beat, and when we opened our eyes again I noticed two lonely tears, slowly rolling down along both sides of her cute little nose, I caught the refugees with my lips, and was rewarded with her sweetest of smiles as she continued, "now, my love... let me come back to what I felt when I watched you two, because I became aware that it is important for the both of us - you will remember that I've told you some time ago that I've been forced to watch porn before, you know... being with one of those creeps, and I mostly found them no less than disgusting - but those were professional actors of course, primitive fucking for money, nice bodies but no plot, not even a hint of fantasy involved let along feelings; I guess this makes the difference, and what makes them kind of boring, don't you think like it my darling?"
"Of course my love, and I agree with you... I can tell that I was disappointed as well the very few times I happened to coincidentally attend a 'blue movie night' as some friends used to call it back then. Tastes are different of course, but for me none of that 'fucking' stuff was really arousing, not even useful to teach youngsters about sex, let alone love. Though, besides that I never liked the term 'fucking' too much, let alone to behave like that, I have to note that it's occasionally wanted, even needed by a woman, if she's in the mood that is. By the way my love, if you review today's fair and beautiful, unforgettable hours you will remember that you let me feel your respective need too, just once... no - twice, I didn't expect that, not from you in the end, but in these moments your mood required the rougher treatment, right? And of course you've got what you wanted then, as you will always get everything you wish for, with no restriction and no hesitation; you know that my sweet heart."
"Of course I know it my love..." Sweet Sylvia flashed me 'my' smile, "...and I appreciate, very much. But now my love, while we're already talking about our day - let me come back to the earthshaking climax you gave me with your tongue, gawd was that amazing... just the remembrance let my entire body tingle with excitement - and I want that again! Soon!" She gave me her 'Don't you dare to Refuse'-look before she pleaded, "Please my darling, I'm sure you can make me cum like that again, don't you?" Even her eyes fit in with her pleading. I opened my mouth to reply, alone my sweetie was in fast forward mode and blurted out with an additional question, "...and why did you mention ejaculation? I was a bit confused since I am a woman, the more so as you smelled... well, different... other than my cum, you even tasted different, muskier, more intensive? Ooh, sorry darling, I should reword the question: YOU didn't smell different, it must have been my juices, covering your face... I remember now that I splattered your face, somehow, and that I was afraid that I might have lost my bladder in the heat of the moment, but you didn't smell or taste of urine... heavens, so many questions..."
"Gawd, how I love you my sweet little baby; and I love your curiosity as well as your eagerness to learn..." I bent down and kissed her sweetly, she wanted more and a minute passed by till I was able to pant, "...geeze darling, thank you for this wonderful reward..." she snickered short-winded whilst her eyes caressed mine, meanwhile I'd got my breath back and continued, "...well darling, a lot of questions indeed, and we'll need some time, but since our cutie remains to stay on Cloud Nine... now then - let's start with the obvious: Yes, I can make you cum like that again, and I promise I will..." my instant reward was a pair of beaming eyes, I grinned brightly, "...it just needs some time, and patience to... well, prepare you, to bring you in the mood if I may say so. I have to add that this sounds easier to achieve than it is in reality, that's why I wondered that I had been able to let you live through this on first try; usually I need to learn more about 'my woman', her sensitivity, her 'Special Spots', her reactions, and - of course - her special liking... and every dislike as well, needless to say. Now, could you follow me so far, my darling? Any questions?"
I smiled at her, she returned my smile, her beautiful eyes big and round, and attentive, "No darling, not right now, please continue - ooh...wait a moment please... we know each other since about four years, and you've learned lots about me over the years, needless to say, but I guess the learning process you mean now is meant for the only item we couldn't allow to come up - the sensual, sexual part of our love, right?" I nodded smiling, she continued frowning, "Well, darling, I know that you're attentive, intelligent and eager to learn, and your determination to give me as much as possible is certainly helpful as well, but how much could you learn about me in just half a day?" She broke up, frowning again, before she giggled lowly, "ooh...okay my love, you sure have found my 'Special Spots' as you called them... all of them I have to admit, even those that aren't well known as an 'erogenous zone'."
"Please darling..." I interrupted her, "....stop here for a moment, don't forget where you have been, this is too important for us, and for our love to just pass by. At first my darling - everybody's raving about the so-called 'erogenous zones' nowadays - that's absolute nonsense, and I can't hear it any longer... a woman HAS no erogenous zone, a woman IS an erogenous zone, entirely - from hair to toes! Now, secondly my love: You will know that women are different, and that includes their sexual being, of course. Will say, every woman has HER 'Special Spots', and - apart from the obvious - the ones every stupid person knows of, the ones directly sex-related like breasts, bum, vulva and thighs - those are different, too. Back to you my love - you mentioned YOUR 'Special Spots' before, and assured me that I've found them all, what makes me proud of course, the more so as it took me just a half day. Ooh, you're smiling sweetly my love, and I love it, but: You're smiling much too early. Why's that? The answer is easy - I'll find, and let you feel much more 'Special Spots' on you. That's part of the learning process, you know? And that means not just my, but our learning process; I'm sure you've learned a lot about yourself today too, as well as about me."
My sweetie nodded thoughtfully, and I bent down to kiss her lovingly before I continued, "Well, my sweets, let's come back to where I interrupted you: To enable you to understand me any better, me and what drives me on that is, you should know more about my youth, my first experiences - with the female sex that is - and how and why I grew the personality I am; to let you know about the beginning I need to tell you about my 'initiation', just because it's been the base, and it is a - if not THE - vital part of MY universe of feelings."
I took two deep breaths before continuing, "Well darling, you will know that our characters, our wishes, our lives underlie constant changes, all of those are developing with the influences and our experiences, piling upon what we already achieved. Now, coming back to my first experience and encounter: 'She' - Gabriele - was about double my age, what was good -- no... good is too lame a word... it turned out to be THE excellent stepping stone into life, into my life that is. She was my teacher, my tutor, and in the end my first lover; and it was on her to introduce me to the fascinating world of the female sex with its innumerable aspects, mentally as well as bodily. It was on her to show me that the 'female universe' is thrilling, at least most of it; and it was Gabriele who let me feel and accept hat rationality isn't all, and certainly not 'The Best for the World' ... as long as not accompanied by FEELINGS. As always in life, the good mix is needed for the better of our world."
I breathed in deeply, before continuing, "Gabriele was divorced, a mother of two elementary school kids as I'd learn soon, and lived seven buildings down the street from where I lived with my foster parents. She told me later that we had passed by out on the streets several times, that she had liked what she saw - neutral, no ulterior motives to make that clear - but lost interest in me cause I'd never looked back. From my point of view: Why should I? I had absolutely no interest in females back then, annoyed by the girls in my class, and in school generally I'd always thought of them to be either stupid or brainless, insensate, altogether self-obsessed and of no use, plus constantly bitching - an alien race. I knew for sure that no human being ever would be able, let alone willing to behave like that bunch of idiots; well, I was wrong, at least partly. I had forgotten about the fauna, namely that ugly, disgusting larvas can develop into beautiful, lovely butterflies."
I took another deep breathe in and leaned down to kiss my lovely princess softly, "Is it too much my darling, too detailed? I don't want to bore you."
She smiled up to me, her beautiful eyes soft with wonder, and attentive, "No, my love, of course not - that's nothing less than fascinating, and I'm eager to learn more... no, all about you Bernd."
"Why, thank you my love... let me come to the conclusion then: One of those beautiful, lovely butterflies was Gabriele; and since she was about to 'take my cherry' she constantly urged me on to not just enjoy the new experiences, but to be attentive and learn, and never stop trying to improve; she showed me how to read not just her body and its reactions, but - much more important - the mental impulses and reactions of 'my' woman; and how to pick up 'my' woman's feelings, wishes, and needs. I really can't say how many times she told me, 'The more you learn and know about your woman the more you can give her - and the more you will receive in return. Trust me Bernd, what you'll receive will be worth every effort.' ...and her words proved to be true, always. Well, we kept together for about sixteen months until she had to break up... she'd met her latter second husband... and her final advice for me was to never stop learning 'From women - For women' as she called it; now that was easy for me, I've been a quick learner since I was little, and that will never change, hopefully. Now, my love, could I give you a hint why I need to learn all about my beloved Sylvia, the Queen of my Heart? See, my sweet heart, all through my life I've learned about women in general, that means that I'm familiar with the basic aspects of womanhood and the female sex, of course, but that's by far not good enough for me - and especially for you my sweet love... from my point of view YOU, my darling, are THE Perfect Woman, and I'm striving to keep up with your perfection, you simply deserve nothing less than that."
I licked my dry lips, "Geeze, excuse me darling, I need some water... for you too, or rather wine?"
"Some more wine would be nice my love, thank you..." gave my sweetly smiling Sylvia back. Past looking after the sweet burden in my lap I reached for the table to pull it nearer till I could grab Sylvia's glass, with difficulty and some gymnastics I managed to get a hold on the bottle, too and refilled the glass before I helped her to sip, I drank the rest; the water as well as the other glasses were out of reach - no chance, at least not in the moment. I put the empty glass back to the table, and turned to my lady to kiss her sweetly, and she asked, "What about our sweetie Bernd, she should be back meanwhile, what do you think?"
"She's okay my love, I'm in full control since I feel her all over me - her heartbeat is regular, as well as her breathing. Her womb is still vibrating, but I guess her prolonged excitement is most likely triggered by me, settled in her cervix since she impaled herself to the max with her own weight. I thought about her state since her vagina stopped working me over, about five minutes aback; she might have fallen asleep when she returned from Cloud Nine; remember that she didn't get much sleep last night, add her orgasms, one after another, and the first and last were violent ones, so... let's wait another few minutes before I'm gonna try to bed her carefully to let her rest for a while, don't you think so too, darling?"
"Well, I guess you might be right love, it's conceivable that she's worn out, indeed."
I refilled our wine glass, and we both took a sip, before my right reached round Sylvia's head to softly stroke her right, bandaged cheek whilst I buried my nose in her mane, murmuring, "Have I told you lately that I love you my darling?"
She tittered under her breath, her head leaned back to rest on my shoulder and she showed me her sparkling eyes, and 'my' smile. "No!" she said quietly, "You've been too busy with running after other girls..." her eyes grew soft and made love to mine, "...but you're allowed to make good with your lips now." I made use of this generous offer and started at her near temple, kissed my way across her forehead, down her left cheekbone, down her cheek where she started to answer with series of cute little purring noises, along her jawbone and round her cute chin, intermitted by some special attention to the lovely dimple of course, before my lips, light as a feather, brushed their path over the awfully soft facial skin towards the right corner of her mouth, following the upper lip to the other corner, returning along her luscious lower lip. Back at the right corner the tip of my tongue came into play, Sylvia started to moan softly as it began to tenderly but thoroughly clean the corner, her hand descended to my upper back to caress it, ever so slowly, alike my tongue, now drawing the contour of her upper lip to the left corner, where it concentrated on the special caring for this corner as well. A shivered sigh, 'ooohh daarrlinng...' interrupted my princess' steadily moaning, melting my heart and sending waves of loving affection and pure bliss through me whilst my tongue returned to the right corner, now drawing the contour of her sensual lower lip.
To finalize my worship she got an eskimo kiss, before I softly leaned my forehead against hers and whispered, "I love you Sylvia. Oh God, I love you sooo much, my beautiful, wonderful, perfect woman."
"Ooh daarrling..." Sylvia 's trembling sigh touched me deeply; my fingertips resumed to ever so softly stroke her right cheek, her trembling shoulders let me feel that she was quietly sobbing.
I replaced my caressing fingers with my right cheek, rubbing it softly on her bandage whilst my hand sneaked beneath her lush mane to caress her neck, her nape, her hairline; I kissed the sweet spot beneath her pretty little ear and whispered, "It's alright my sweet baby, my love, let it flow, it's relieving, and will help you to come to terms with the emotional turmoil we've been thrown into."
"Ooh Bernd..." her cute little sniffle made me smile, "...mmhhh, how I love to feel your smile on my cheek my love, even when your stubbles are scratching; but pristinely I wanted to thank you for the sweetest, loveliest declaration of love imaginable. See, my darling, when I asked playfully for another of your special sweet, tender kisses I didn't expect you to surprise me, again, with turning it into an almost holy act that caused my throat to constrict, and overwhelmed me."
"Oh my God, darling..." I blurted out, "...please forgive me, I didn't mean to..."
"No..." my princess' interjection startled me; she leaned back to meet my eyes and kiss me softly, "...no-no-no darling, you've got me wrong... your tender caress was so sweet and wonderful, almost... devotional; you showed me, and let me feel your endearment and deep love without words, and it touched me deeply, so deep that my heart skipped a beat. Nobody ever had me feel like this before, not even near to it; I loved every single moment and certainly will never forget it, not a split second of this intense, exceptional experience, my love. You almost always have this effect on me, you know?"
"Well, I, ahem..." I searched for the right words, but it was of no avail; being at a loss I glanced into her lovingly looking eyes. Suddenly I remembered that I still owed her the kiss she'd begged for, and decided that this was the right thing to bridge the lasting silence. She mmhhh'ed contented when our lips met, as well as our playful tongues, and we made it the loonnnng sweet, tender kiss my love had ordered. It ended with a series of mutual, playful quick pecks, before I sighed into her lips, still not able to stop brushing them softly with mine, "Heavens darling, I can't get enough of your sweet lips, I never will..."
"Well, it's the same with me my darling..." Her longingly looking eyes sparkled with enjoyment, "...geeze, I wished you could kiss my neither lips alike it, ever so sweetly, before you start ea..."
"STOP!!" I grunted loudly, rolling my eyes.
"What?" Replied my lady, frowning.
I shrugged, "Doesn't matter anymore love, it's too late anyway..." Her big wide eyes mustered me, questioning. "Oh...you know..." I added, "...just the vision had me rock hard, and jerking with the thrilling prospect..."
Sylvia beamed, and licked her parting lips, before our mutual fantasy faded away as Renate sighed out loud, "Whom do you tell darling... I really couldn't miss...THAT!"
"Ooh God..." I sighed, Sylvia looked up to me, sheepishly smiling, she clearly wouldn't be of any help in the moment, so I turned my head to Renate, ready and willing to apologize, I lowered my eyes to meet hers - and had to hold my breath...her eyes... I pulled my right hand back, releasing Sylvia's cheek, and buried it under Renate's hair, softly stroking her nape for I needed a moment to clear my throat before I was able to give, "Good Lord, Renate... your eyes..." she started sobbing, and her hands caressed the back of my head, pulling me closer, cheek to wet cheek, I whispered, "be careful love, I'm scratchy." I could feel her smile on my cheek as I muttered, "Your eyes darling...your beautiful eyes... so much love, and overwhelming desire, and... oh geeze..." I swallowed hard as an ominous suspicion arose, I backed away to look her in the eyes again, "Ooh God - baby, my sweet baby... don't tell me that you're anxious?" Her eyelids fell, and she sobbed any harder when she gave two little nods. I sighed, and stroked her damp cheek, slowly and lovingly whilst I kissed her quivering lips, with my fingers caressing her jawbone all down to her chin where it stopped to softly lift it up, "Look me in the eyes my love, show me your love, show me again, and again how much you love me my darling." Her eyes reopened hesitantly whilst I got a swift little kiss. "Thank you my love..." I returned the swift kiss likewise, "...now tell me, my sweet heart - what do you see?"
"Eyes?" she sobbed, I nodded, smirking, and raised a brow. "Sorry Bernd, I mean: Your eyes?"
"Ts-ts-ts - Lame! I think you can do better, now try again." Out of the corners of my eyes I saw that she tried to suppress a smile. A wave of loving affection warmed my heart and my soul.
"Well - the eyes I...ahem, I mean the pair of wonderful eyes I fell for?"
"Eew... a bit better, well - but okay, let's call it 'First Base'. Her lips gave in at last, and she grew the awfully cute shy smile I loved so much on her; the steady stream of tears began to subside. Her reward was the next swift kiss, and she ever so slowly licked her lips, clearly wanting more. "Now, dear Renate, what do these wonderful eyes you fell for show you?"
"Your eyes show love, my sweet heart, gawd so much love - deep, dark lakes of love I could lose myself in..." a shivering sigh, almost inaudible, "Bernd...ooh Bernd, darling please forgive me..." she crossed her arms behind my neck, hugged me closer, literally melted into me, her hands caressed my back, "you've been right my sweet lover, I should have known better...but...I thou..."
"Sshhh..." I stilled her with a soft, sweet, lovingly kiss, she fought a sob down before she answered the kiss likewise, almost whining with... vanishing fear? ...relief? ...happiness?, it was hard to tell, probably a mix of them all. Our tongues met, softly, almost shyly circling each others tip, she began to moan lowly and I joined in when our bodies reacted to our tongues' slow, seductive dance, like lazily moving against each others, adding soft pressure till both our breaths quickened, her nipples drew themselves up and hardened when our chests urged against each others with steadily rising intensity alike the frequency of our groaning and wheezing, all of a sudden she growled lowly, embraced me any harder thus thrusting her flattening set into my chest and our kiss grew demanding, almost greedy, she ripped me with her, no chance to withstand her passion; sweet pussy awoke and decided to play with the victim she held in her tight grip, massaging him with steadily increasing verve, causing him to answer with throbbing and jerking; continuing kissing grew difficult cause our mouths had opened wide in the need for more air, but still our lips were glued on each others, we gasped and wheezed into the others mouth, another growl rose from the depth of her throat when her bucking pelvis let her ass press harder onto my crotch, and her head lulled back as her opening grasped my root any harder, her vagina contracted in waves, frequency rising, my balls tightened convulsively and my vision blurred, an almost ghostly low howl broke free from deep in my chest and filled the room when my balls released and the tube widened to let my load pass, my girl's fingernails scratched trails of passion up my back till her fingers clawed my shoulders from behind to hold on for dear life, she bucked hard, once, twice before she started to wail when my cock grew any wider, my boiling hot first jet broke free from the tube, triggering her climax as well, with every of the following spurts her vaginal spasms ran over my entire length, in the end causing her opening to clasp the root of my cock in the same rhythm. My contractions subsided, kind of hesitantly, I fell back to the wall, arduously panting for air, my heart raced in overdrive mode, she fell to my chest, her pounding heartbeat echoed in my chest, her body limp and soft in my arms which had unconsciously closed in over her back, she coated my chest with sweat and saliva, hectically panting as well, both of us trembling as if we'd just finished a marathon race. My head fell to the side and I caught Sylvia staring at us, saucer eyed, her mouth half open, her look concerned as if she doubted that we'd be able to overcome this inferno. I made a lame attempt to smile - useless, hopeless... my eyelids grew too heavy and my world turned black.
******
But the rest didn't last long - sweat running from my forehead startled me a few minutes later, drenching my brows, and running down the bridge of my nose, luckily my eyes were closed. My left hand fell off my lover's hot, sweaty back, in search for something to wipe the sweat off my forehead feeling its way over the settee and the pouffes, in the end I found some soft material and passed it behind my lady's back to my right hand to do what had to be done. To my great relief it sponged the wetness in no time thus saving my eyes, so I used it to carefully dry Renate's sweaty back, too. I was just about to continue on her face, dripping with sweat, subsequently on my sweaty neck, throat and chest when I heard a stifled laugh from the right, I turned my head and faced a brightly smiling Sylvia, I smiled back and mouthed her a kiss. She returned the lovingly gesture before she giggled, "Seems you can't get enough of her sweet scent?" I must have looked back like stupid, she couldn't stop giggling and nodded down to my hand, I followed her gaze and found out that my makeshift was of light yellow color; asking myself what could be so funny at it that my sweetie couldn't stop giggling my eyes met hers again. She leaned on my arm and kissed my shoulder, still shaking with suppressed laughter, "If I get a kiss I'll tell you something, darling."
I bent over her pretty face, "That's not fair my love, you know very well that I can't withstand your pleading, you know that I'll never get enough of your tasty, sensual lips, right?" She got a first quick peck on her now sweetly smiling lips, and her lovely eyes grew soft when her sweet lips captured mine with some contented humming. I let the material go, and my hand reached round my love's shoulders to cup her bandaged cheek and hold her lovely face in place, before her softly pressing lips let me forget about everything else.
The back of her left hand caressed my flank so lovingly that my eyes watered and I grew goose bumps all over, I backed some millimeters away and mumbled into her slightly parted lips, "your sweet lips are divine my love, nothing less than that. I love you soo much my princess..." I resumed contact and my tongue, begging to be played with sought for hers, my sweet love exhaled a shivering sigh and her tongue met mine for a sweet, slow dance of love.
Renate's gentle whimpering caused me to break our long lasting, lovingly kiss, and I directed my attention, and my hand back to her pretty, still flushed face. I stroked her left cheek, still damp, right - I had interrupted the drying procedure, so I reached for the rag and dried her forehead and brows, then her cheeks, softly and carefully to not startle my resting maiden. I kissed her eyelids, feathery, and smiled as they fluttered beneath my lips, let my fingers brush and rearrange her tousled hair, a cute little sigh let me know she'd soon be ready to escape her post-coital glow, I licked her swollen lips, and welcomed her back, "Hey my sweet cutie, ready to make even? It won't cost you a fortune my love, a sweet kiss will be reward enough for me. No, wait... twice is better. Well... and one for bonus, probably? I wouldn't complain my love - promised."
Her right hand stroked my upper back lovingly as she teased, "Make even, huh? Listen... you are insolent, my darling - it's not right to lay hold of my temporary weakness, you know? The more so as you caused it."
She opened her eyes to meet mine, and I got a quick peck that made me smile, I licked my lips, and teased back, "well, thank you my love, that was neat but I wanted a kiss... you know what a kiss is?" She grinned, and I continued smiling brightly, "...come on my sweet baby, show my lips, and the rest of me how much you love me..."
"...beyond belief..." she murmured into my lips before she explained her idea of a lovers kiss, I gave in to her and...WOW!... it was a long lasting example of loving affection. Perfect, just perfect.
"WOW!!" I managed to croak when she finally gave me free, short-winded gazing at the object of my admiration, "...you are one gifted kisser my love." I let go of the rag and raised my right hand to softly stroke her cheek, "Thank you my darling... this impressing kiss was entirely convincing."
My lovingly smiling kiss expert nestled her cheek into my palm, her sparkling eyes caressed mine, "Well... thinking back to our last kiss I can give your sweet compliment back, including the 'WOW!!' I'm still humming - and I want that again! Soon!"
I couldn't keep my cock from jerking in view of this exciting prospect, my lovely girl jumped and her eyes flew wide open, "Jesus Christ..." she wheezed astonished, "...Bernd... you can't... after THIS performance...?" Sylvia gave a stifled laugh and kissed my shoulder, whilst my good friend pussy made nothing of an additional session, on the contrary... she massaged my zesty dick with reawakened passion, Li'l Dicky showed his appreciation with some throbbing and jerking.
"I ca.....GEEEZZE... Pussy! Behave!" I groaned loudly as mentioned organ contracted around my still jerking pole, relapsing-remitting, "...heavens...ahem... I can't? ...what my love? As far as I can see... err...feel our playmates' opinions seem to differ from yours..." the last words a choppily wheezing. Sylvia giggled impudently, grinding her heated cheek on my shoulder. I turned to my right and gave her a quick peck on the forehead.
Meanwhile my groaning rider had lost interest in further small talk, her head fell to the crook of my neck and she panted against my throat, I groped her sweaty, quivering ass-cheeks to keep her from falling off, the firm globes clenched hard and she bucked two, three times with the feel of my hands, next she arched her back and rubbed her crotch against mine before teetering fucking my pole with hectic, short up-and-down movements, she gave some low whining noises, showing she wouldn't last very long this time, all of a sudden she tensed, pressed her pelvis down on me, a long wailing, "Berrrnnnndd..." and her abdomen shook wildly with the approaching wave, again she bucked hard as her climax overran her, sweet pussy's orgasmic spasms rolled in waves over my shaft, fiercely panting I raised my hands up my tossing and turning, whimpering sweetie's sweaty back and pulled her close to my strained heaving chest.
"Heavens help me - I should consider selling tickets when you two are getting at it again." Sylvia's huskily whisper had me smile.
I bent down to her heated face and kissed her lovingly, "You think our performance is worth it?" A quick peck for bonus, "...well, I can see that we had you hot again... your glowing cheeks are answer enough..." I winked at my lady, "...so then - let's make money, honey." She grinned back, brightly when I added, "We could start tomorrow - do you think your colleagues might agree to pay us the dinner?" She couldn't help but to break out into a fit of laughter.
Renate squirmed a bit and muttered sleepily, "Darling?... what..." With her pelvis' movement a wave of our juices started to slowly run along my shrivelling dick, it tickled a bit, and I became aware that she'd soon drench my crotch, the more so as sweet pussy still contracted, kind of lazily, thus pressing more of our combined juices out of her. But in the moment I couldn't do much against that, only hope that her opening, still clasping the root of my cock tightly, would hold back the most of it till I'd be able to carry my sweet girl to the toilet in the end.
I sighed and turned back to her to kiss her tenderly, she moaned softly into my lips, ooh-soo-cute. I was just about to ask her to open her eyes when I noticed that her forehead was soaked with sweat, again. I reached down to my right and groped for the rag, found it and asked my cutie, softly to not startle her, "Keep your eyes closed darling - I need to dry your forehead and brows before the sweat drops down, I don't want you to hurt, okay?" she gave a little nod and I dried her elegant, narrow throat, then her forehead with the rag, her brows with my lips, before she got a peck on her eyelids, side by side, she sighed softly, "ooh daarrling..."
Sylvia chortled while Renate opened her eyes for me, and my heart melted. I let the rag fall and cupped her left cheek, my thumb caressed the satiny, heated skin, "ooh darling, my sweet darling, ooh gawd thank you, thank you my love..." she grew an unsure, shy smile that caused my throat to tighten and sent a wave of endearment and happiness through me.
I stroked her sweaty back and planted feathery kisses all over her beautiful face before I leaned my forehead softly on hers and cradled my lovely girl, our eyes still glued on each others, her hands caressed my nape, my hairline and she sighed, "why...well, I thank you too darling, but... please help me my love, help me to understand..." I could feel that she frowned.
I rubbed my forehead softly on hers before I backed away to kiss her sweetly, "Ooh, I'm sorry my love, you couldn't know, of course you couldn't - you've never seen 'THE Look', this special look your eyes granted me when you opened them for me." My hand sneaked beneath her damp hair to caress the back of her neck, her shiver had me smile and she kissed me softly, her eyes questioning now, "I'll try to explain my darling, my sweets..." she hugged me tight, and melted into me, her right hand roamed downwards my spine, a slow, feathery caress, I couldn't hide my emotion, I kissed the sweet spot beneath her left ear and whispered against it, "...thank you for this loving reward my love, gawd that feels so good to be dearly loved my sweet heart...sooo good..." I kissed my way across her cheek, she sobbed quietly when I approached her swollen lips, a swift kiss and I continued, my voice husky, loaded with overwhelming endearment, "I love you soo much Renate, you are such a wonderful woman."
My fingertips scratched her scalp carefully, along her cortex, she trembled slightly in my loving embrace, my hand flattened and roamed down the left side of her head till it cupped her cheek, again. I kissed the few tears away that had escaped her soft looking, yet attentive eyes, she got an eskimo kiss before I said, "Now, let me continue - let's put the clock back to the second you've lost yourself in my eyes, okay?" She nodded, her eyes for a short moment dreamily, and she grew her special, shy smile, "...this moment changed everything, for all of us, and I will never forget it, and I'm sure Sylvia won't either. It was dramatic, and it was fascinating... you were so overloaded with piled up, strong emotions - we both know why - that you lost control, totally... terms like education, behavior, shyness, decency, modesty lost their meaning, in no time; they didn't wane...they disappeared - and you were nothing but hungry, and your eyes showed, they almost yelled. Your eye expression was unbelievable intensive, my heart cramped and it sent shivers down my spine, in waves. Now, we know what happened then..."
I smiled as her eyes grew dreamily, and watched the tip of her tongue, flittering between her slightly parted lips, to and fro, it was all too obvious that she was caught in her flashback, "...I licked your sensual lower lip until you whimpered, gawd it almost broke my heart, I pulled the hem of your skirt up to gain room for my hand, stabilized you with holding your bottom and settled your knee beside my thigh, and slowly grazed up your thigh's inside. You must have lost a little wave of your sweet honey with feeling my fingertips on your inner thigh, first time skin to skin, cause your sweet, feminine scent thickened in less than a heartbeat, geeze I grew rock hard, right on the spot. With the feel of my hand on your vulva you started cumming, in a series of at least four minors, I'm not quite sure, I might have missed one, but it isn't that important in the end I guess. Anyway, then you were hit by the massive impact of your release and lost conscious, your knee buckled and your leg gave way, the left that is, I was totally surprised cause I hadn't expected you to cum that hard, for a moment I almost panicked in fear you might fall to the side and hurt yourself, but with my tight hold on your bottom I managed to let you fall forward to my chest... geeze, it took a load off my mind." I fetched a deep breath with the remembrance of my great relief, and leaned forward to reach for the wine glass, "Renate, my darling, do you want some wine, too?"
"Thank you darling..." she took a sip, "...you know - my mouth fell dry with all that talking..." she grinned impishly, and - tipped over the remain.
I raised a brow and took the glass, murmuring, "Beast..." she giggled girlish whilst I set the glass back to the table, and gave her near ass-cheek an affectionate slap before refilling the glass.
"Thank you daddy..." she cooed meanwhile, followed by more girlish giggling.
I grinned to myself whilst offering Sylvia a sip, mumbling, "I'm a bit afraid we feast a confessed alcoholic."
My princess shrugged, brightly smiling, "Thank you darling. And... you don't need to worry, at last you brought a carton, that should be enough for her till the market opens in the morning, right?"
"Thank God for the smart girl by my side," a quick kiss on the tip of her nose, "you always keep me from forgetting to think of the obvious."
"That's what I live for..."
"Well, I pay for your support in kind... I thought THAT is what you are living for..."
"Eeeeks - Flinch, Daemon! ...Fact is that I endure the tortures with great fortitude..."
I bent down to her right ear, and licked her auricle, she squeaked, then giggled; I blew into her damp ear, "who the h... taught you how to banish me?" My sweetie shuddered wildly, and I added, growling, "you're not supposed to know how to lay a ghost..."
She cooed in return, "Ooh, sorry darling - I'd thought you'd like to get laid..."
"Ooh yesss... whenever I feel the need to torture a woman, a very special woman, you know? And it must be gruesome -- huuuh..."
"Mmhhh..." she whispered, and I could feel her smile on my cheek, "...let me see what's in stock for me..."
I grinned and lowered my head to growl against the side of her neck, a dark, low growl from the depths of my throat, "Now... let me..." she shivered with the vibrations, I grinned, growling even darker, "...ooh, here we got a real mean one - it's one for cheeky brats you know..." she writhed, "...move your hand to your left thigh, my beautiful victim. To the inside, where the swell begins..."
"Ooh, oh-kaye..." A trembled sigh. Her eyes had closed, seemingly all by themselves.
"Can you feel my fingers, Sylvia? I know you love them on your thigh." My voice was flattering now.
"Ooh God yess Bernd." A choppy sigh, her breathing had shortened, already.
"You feel my fingertips grazing higher, ever so softly, and slowly... geeze how much you love that..." her arm moved slowly, her pelvis shifted a bit, "...heavens, my fingers are close to your Bermuda Triangle, I can feel the heat of your sex..." her lips had parted, her breaths came hot and fast against the side of my neck, and now 'twas my turn to shiver. I started sweating, "eeeww... Miss Pussy is waiting, and impatient... gawd I'm too slow - if only I'd move faster..."
Sylvia emitted a trembling sigh, "God yesss..." I kissed her cheek, softly, she moaned, "ooh darling, please...touch meeee..." My prick jumped to attention. A noisily wheezing from behind. Heavens - I was so concentrated on my princess that I'd forgotten about the host of my cock. Her pussy hadn't forgotten though, and felt entertained now. Gawd - and that felt pretty good. If not nice. Only now I became aware that Renate had leaned forward, her glowing cheek on the right side of my chest now, she gazed at her trembling friend.
My voice caressed my princess' ear, as well as my breathing on it, "Yes, my sweet Sylvia, I love the feel of your quivering thighs but my fingers are needed higher now, right?"
"God yesss...pleazze..."
"Your heat leads my fingers, gawd you're hot darling, sooo hot... aah there's your dam, eeeww slippery... gawd you love me rubbing it, to and fro..." a noisily groan was my sweetest reward, "...gawd girl, you're shaking, you really need it..."
"...badly... oohgawddarling - pleeaazzze...!" her arm moved some, faster now. She started panting.
"You gotta help me now my love, I'll take care of Miss Pussy, and you'll take care of your clit... she must be throbbing already, and you're sooo close - you need to cum..."
Her arm moved a bit, "Ohgawd..." a stifled moan, and her hips started dancing, out of the corner of my left eye I saw her heaving right leg, settling the heel down on the edge of the settee - gawd so wide open for her hand, for 'our hands'. "Ooaahhmygawd yesss..." gasping, her hot breaths on my neck had me even hotter, too, I started to pant likewise what made her even wilder, "Ohgawd daarrrlinnngg... ohyessss..."
I lowered my head a bit and watched fascinated how fast her fingers moved, there was not much fantasy needed to guess what they were doing, her pelvis squirmed, bucking two, three times, I wished I had a hand free to help her, but then I felt that she 'd reach goal very soon, she shuddered wildly and her fingers slowed down, I leaned my cheek on hers and whispered against her ear, "yes my love, gawd you're hot my love, soo hot...let go - cum for us Sylvia..."
She drew a deep breath, then she tensed, a strained wailing escaped her and she came bucking, two, three, four times, I licked along her batting carotid, feeling her racing pulse beneath my lips. I leaned a bit backwards, afraid that her head could fall back to the wall; I looked down to Renate, and whispered, "Please support her neck darling, she might crash her head on the wall if it falls back." Renate nodded and her left hand pulled Sylvia's head close to her own, cheek to cheek.
My right arm was free now, and I reached round Sylvia's shoulder, then carefully under her armpit to hold her shaking body tight, slowly stroking down and up her right flank. Meanwhile Renate was planting feathery kisses all over Sylvia's heated forehead and face, as far as she was able to reach soft, satiny skin, instead of a bandage. Her left hand was not longer needed because I had stabilized my princess, now it reached down to her friend's crotch and pulled Sylvia's hand up to her lips, to my surprise she first licked, then sucked her friend's fingers. Suddenly I realized that she'd had no opportunity so far to taste Sylvia; I beamed down to her pretty, sweetly smiling face and mouthed her a kiss. Renate wasn't contented with the gesture, her hand led Sylvia's back down, before it came up and caressed my cheek, she leaned into me and kissed me as fervently as sweet pussy had been working me over since Sylvia had started teasing her clit in her need to cum, and I raised a brow, smiling lewdly. Two fingers grabbed my ear and pulled it to her lips, "hey, my favorite stallion, you had me hot beyond belief - don't you think you should finish what you started?" She gnawed at my earlobe and giggled lowly as she felt my shivering, "...and once you'll have finished your performance of duty to my total satisfaction I want you to explain what you just did to, or with our sweetie, okay?"
"Gawd - you are importunate..." I grinned back, flexed my meanwhile throbbing pole - thanks to her excited pussy's delighting activities - what elicited a stifled groan from my beautiful lover. My left hand reached under her near ass-cheek from the side, lazily following the fold of the sulcus till I reached her slippery dam. Her hips started rotating and she shifted her pelvis a bit towards me to grant me easier access to her dam and the lower seam of her pussy, before she bent forward to rub her chest on mine whilst fiercely panting into my ear.
My senses reeled with all the sweet sensations when my middle finger began to rub along her dam, at first pass starting with a slow stroke, on the way back adding pressure, adding some more with the next pass, the muscle bundle began to quiver of excitement, I smiled contented and blew into her near ear, she shuddered wildly and groaned louder and loader, the more so as I added my thumb to take the now well defined bow between the digits, softly squeezing with varying pressure on the next pass, her opening clasped my root any harder and sweet pussy contracted in waves along my jerking and throbbing pole, she grunted noisily, then groaned any louder, "ooaaahhh my gaaawwwddd..." and went wild, heaved her butt and started wheezing whilst riding my cock, frequency rising, the action heated up to a frenzy, her burning passion ripped me with her, giving in to her lustfulness I let go of the 'tortured' dam and grabbed her cheek tighter, with the advanced hold supporting her butt I began thrusting wildly and hard into her willing receptacle, all of a sudden her vagina clasped my pole any harder, her opening and thighs tightened and she hollered her excitement when the climax hit her violently, her pussy's orgasmic spasms forced fluids running along my shaft and out of her vagina, flooding my sac before sliding off, down to the floor. My vision became blurred with the mix of sensations, my balls tightened and released, I wheezed and growled noisily when I came, thrusting twice, thrice up into the velvety soft, overheated cavity, a huge groan escaped me as the fourth thrust hit her cervix and my fiercely contracting shaft pumped streak after streak of semen directly into the greedily sucking intimate opening, before the contractions hesitantly subsided and I fell back to the wall, enfeebled, and dripping with sweat.
'God that was incredible! Jesus Christ... this woman is a volcano...' I thought in my haze whilst my excitement slowly waned despite sweet pussy's delighting vibrations all along my rapidly shrinking cock.
My powerless neck gave in at last, and my head fell to the side, with my right cheek resting on the lush mass of Sylvia's satiny hair, my nostrils feasting on the fruity, enticing smell of her shampoo.
Exhaustion took over. The world around me became dimmed... to blackness.
will be continued in 'Accident grants Benefit' Ch. 07.2: Some sultry dispersal before the visitors cum, Part 2
Author's EndNote:
Thanks for reading, please be fair and don't forget to vote :-)
This is my story, I wrote it, and stealing is lame. If you don't like it, don't read it. This story is now perfectly self-edited (bring it). All of my characters, in all of my stories, are over eighteen, or older any time they get naked and/or have intercourse.
Thanks for all the favorites and feedback, hope you enjoy my art of writing.
Your comments might be helpful, so don't hesitate.
Copyright  2012 Bernd Glaesing. All rights reserved.