Up before the sun Kendra Neal put on her face. Makeup that is. Not that she needed much with her complexion, it was more to satisfy her own insecurity. She knew that she was beautiful, guys always looked when she ventured forth. Eyes that trailed her even in passing. Ego could easily overtake this woman, but she was faithful. Tony Desmond was her rock, her soul, her strength. Too bad that he wasn't as faithful as she was.
Ready for work she pauses at the foot of her bed and watches him sleep. Last nights events bothering her one second, accepting of it the next. Her daughters didn't seem traumatized by she and Tony having sex in the same room as they were in, thinking them asleep, their desires clouding all reason. That, and Tony's insistence that they be themselves and not hide away like hermits. The girls were after all eighteen, if not by but a few weeks. Once the girls weaseled their way into bed with them feigning nightmares her thoughts grew murky. The girls didn't seem bothered in the least, going so far as to admit that they masturbate. Kendra held a hand over her mouth wondering something. Had her daughters lost their virginity already? If her late husband Charles kept them closed up from society, how could they have? Unless...she shivered at the possibility. Shaking her head she changed her tune. Charles would never have...
Eying the alarm clock she realized her precious time at home was over. Edging to Tony's side of the bed she sat down and kissed his bare chest, hairy as it was she loved it. She worshipped this man. He worshipped her, except when he needed more. As he revived slowly to embrace a sensuous kiss he smiles.
"That time?"
"Yesss." She pouted, "If I weren't on probation I'd call in."
"Nope. You've put too much time and effort to get where you are. I got this. I might take the girls with me to the job site later. You mind?"
"As long as they wear hard hats and don't get hurt."
"I won't let them get hurt. Not even a splinter."
"Okay. I trust you."
"Never second guess me Ken. I love you."
"Ditto Mister Desmond." She kisses him once more then peels away straightening her work smock. Rising, she stands as his hand rubs her leg. "On lunch I'll check into tutors for the girls."
"Maybe we'll bring you lunch."
"Tacos I'm craving tacos."
"I can do that. Afterwards I'll stop and get what I need for the phoneline. We still taking the girls anywhere for fun over the weekend?"
"Love to. Any ideas?"
"Amusement park? Water park?"
"I wonder if Charles had ever taken them to either one?"
"I'll ask them and let you know."
"Alright. I need to go before traffic gets too congested."
"Have a good day gorgeous."
"You too stud muffin."
Back to sleep for another hour. He was enjoying the sleep he normally missed while working so hard. He might have to slow down a bit now that he had a...family. It was certainly worth it. Hot fiancée, hotter future stepdaughters.
Waking up Tony Desmond showered and dried himself off. Once freshened up he heads out into the hall, then across to the girls shared bedroom. Without even knocking he walks in totally nude, dick swinging.
"UP AND AT IT YOU LITTLE SLUTS." Tony kicks the Queen size bed from the foot shaking the girls awake, they were dreaming hard. The twins Rose and Becca Masters stirred, shocked by his aggressive wake up call. Tossing their covers away they leapt to their feet and whipped their nightshirts off. Following Tony's directed point at the floor nude in front of him, they knelt down, eyes locked on his erection. Snapping his fingers their gaze lifted to share the most amazing eyes he had ever seen. Even better than their Mom's.
"Good morning Tony." The twins murmured as one voice.
"MASTER!"
"Good morning Master." They switched at his insistence.
"MASTER of the Masters. I like the sound of that." He stares down at them until their eyelids lower out of respect. Perhaps it was a game they chose to play. It was still to be decided, but playing along was great fun. The more they played the more they liked this routine. Their past, although sworn to secrecy by their father Charles Masters kept them indecisive, possibly confused. They knew they wanted a similar life as with their Father but Tony was still new to them. Regardless they let him take the lead. Time would tell their full commitment to Tony Desmond.
Standing over them nude he nurtured his beast to antagonize them, taunting their obsessive hunger for sex. Rose and Becca struggled to keep their eyes lowered, fidgeting, nerves ready to pounce. He knew their excitable natures well enough in the short week they had resided in their Mother's home. He rather enjoyed their exuberance.
"Time for you gals to get some fresh air. First though, I want you to kiss him good morning, then get dressed we're going out for the day."
Charging forth on their knees with vigor, the twins smother his cock with multiple kisses, without actually attempting to do more than that. He was impressed that he didn't have to scold them for being overly demanding. With a countdown of twenty he ends their lovable display of attention.
"That's enough. Dress casual, nothing fancy." An eager hands raises into the air with an inquisitive thought.
"Becca?"
"We only wear dresses, nightshirts, and bikinis. That's all Daddy allowed."
"Undies." Rose corrected her.
Tony winced briefly, "No jeans or shorts?"
"No Sir." Rose confirmed.
"I guess that's why I haven't seen you wear anything but dresses and all. We need to fix that."
"Daddy would be upset." Becca pouted.
"Is Daddy here?" He points out, "Not trying to upset you girls, I know that's a touchy subject, but He passed away ladies. It's time to try new things."
"He..." Becca turns to Rose sulking, "He is our Master."
Nodding Rose withheld her tears as before, "We will do it for you Sir."
"That's my little darlin's. Bring it in." He calls them in for a loving hug. With their emotions challenged they needed a bit of tenderness. One minute was all Tony devoted, "Get dressed. Soon as I do we'll go shopping."
"SHOPPING?" Both girls get excited hopping in step, "We love shopping." Fond memories of their Father Charles Masters taking them shopping made them giddy. Rushing Tony with unrequested, yet unrestrained hugs he accepted it and enjoyed the skin on skin attachment. His dick got really hard right in front of them. If only he had more time He'd have used that bad boy on both of these hot little eighteen year old sluts.
"I can see that." Escorting them back he smirked, watching cute perky breasts bouncing about in their extended frolicking. He had taken the week off to help their Mom Kendra Neal get the girls settled in. Her recently acquired job at the Medical Center took forever to get, taking time off would have looked bad so early on. His help was certainly welcomed.
"Can we buy sexy things with our allowance?" Becca knew they got a sizeable amount each month alloted from their future inheritance.
"That would be your Momma's money. She's in control of your Dad's cash advances. I'll buy you what I want. Those kind of things would raise suspicion. I don't need Kendra discovering new sets of bras and panties and stuff. Especially with my money. I'd get the boot and never get to see you girls ever again. Including your Momma. I don't want that."
"We don't either." The girls pout. They really wanted to indulge.
"I'll figure something out. Just give it time and I'll spoil you little bitches."
"YAY!" As one they clap and dance about. He loved their excitable nature, it just worried him that they could slip up someday in front of their Mother. Tony would worry about that the day it happened.
"We leave in twenty minutes. Get moving. Oh! We're gonna take your Mom lunch so look cute, not sexy. No panties. No bra." Tony knew that his Forman Big Pete Holden was promised a sample of the twins. Wanting to show off his skills at Mastering meant treating his crew to an interesting lunch break of their own. They had worked hard on the Feldman house and other homes across the city, the idea of this reward seemed perfect. As long as nobody blabbed. That concern like all others would be addressed when the time came. In truth he needed to make an inspection of his job site to make certain nothing was mistakenly screwed up, before it progressed too far, costing him large amounts of money redoing it. His integrity was on the line.
Leaving them, the girls finish their dance recital and scurry about deciding what to wear. They wanted to look adorable. Not for Kendra but for Tony. Selecting twin red dresses with over the shoulder straps that connect to a large white button, they were off to a good start. Their dresses however, rode high. Forgoing undies meant they would have to avoid bending over or the whole world might see their sexy bottoms, clam included. Not that they cared, but if their Mom should see that, Tony would get in hot water. Regardless they obeyed Tony. His word was not to be questioned, a lesson taught early on from their Father. Matching fine necklaces with a tiny heart shaped locket on the end draped between their cleavage. Short white heeled pumps completed their fashion statement.
Staring at herself in a mirror Becca Masters pouts heavily, "I really wanted to buy frilly things. Daddy loved us in frilly clothes."
"I know. Daddy used to..." Rose tears up again unable to finish her thought.
"Don't you dare cry. If you do so will I." Sniveling, but holding their deep emotions in the girls hug each other tightly to prevent a breakdown. They were always there for one another.
"Make up. We need make up." They both recite as a single voice. Applying make up meant primping hair and spritzing perfume as well. Tiny red barrettes accented their hair. They looked absolutely gorgeous. Adorable to say the least.
Leaning in their doorway Tony was dressed in blue jeans and a button down black shirt. With a wife beater beneath the shirt his chest hair offered charisma. Masculine cologne made both girls swoon. Drawn to him sniffing he let them stand on their tiptoes absorbing his scent.
"You smell nice Tony." Rose smiled.
"Master?"
"Tony for now Becca. I'll give you a signal when to switch over to Master."
"What kind of signal?"
He pats his chest over his heart twice, inspired by two beautiful girls and their matching heart lockets. They caught on easily lifting their lockets to open them. Within he locket were tiny pictures of both girls together on one side, their Father the handsome devil on the other. Seeing these Tony nodded his respect. Not toward the girls, but toward Charles. The guy looked rich, strict, and not to be messed with. Tony wanted to be like that. He had it in him. The stud only acknowledged the lockets by closing them for the girls.
"Chapter closed ladies. New life here with me."
"Are you going to buy us new lockets with your picture?" Rose pouted, "I...don't want to ever forget Daddy."
"You never will. I'm not gonna deny you those lockets. I'll find something different to mark new ownership. Bring it in." He draws them in for one last hug to show he cared. "Let's ride."
Becca looks up at him, "You want us to get undressed and ride you?"
"No." He chuckled, "That means let's get in my truck and take a ride." He loved how sheltered they were in Charles care. The outside world and its cruel take on the English language went over their heads so easily. Stepping back he looks their attire over with an approving pucker. Lastly he steps around them and lifts both skirts at the same time to make certain they obeyed him in not wearing panties. Sure enough, bare bottom. No bras worn was easy enough to notice. Their nipples stuck out favorably behind the thin red dresses. Those might need disguised while visiting Kendra at lunch. Grinning he chose to take that risk.
"Let's go." He pats their asses and nudges them toward the hallway. Shuffling became a giggling race down the staircase as Tony growled like an animal and chased them as if attacking. Outside the house while Tony locked up, the girls skipped toward Tony's massive Dodge Ram. In awe of it they stood unprepared for what it meant. They had only known their Father's car. Using his key remote he unlocked it with a noisy honk then started the engine. Both girls jumped back as it came to life on its own.
"I thought you girls liked big things." Tony winked at them.
"I'm scared." Rose whimpered hugging her sister.
Shaking his head Tony opened the passenger door, then the suicide door from within. Pointing at the running board Becca chose to join Tony first. Hand extended to help her she stepped up then immediately lost her balance. Catching her his hand slid up her skirt to palm her ass. She yelped as he literally lifted her up into the floorboard to climb the rest of the way in. Grinning from ear to ear she moves over to the other side making room for her sister.
"Why can't we set up front with you?" Rose moved forward.
"You belong behind me not beside me."
"Yes Sir." She swallows then steps to the running board. Before she can lift her foot he just picks her up and raises her to the interior. Laughing at his growl she crawled inside. His finger poking her butt pucker just for meanness. That gave her the shivers and a shrill squeal. Becca instantly grew jealous. Before she could say a word Tony slammed both doors and moved around the truck. Opening his drivers side door he climbs up and shuts the door. Sitting behind the steering wheel he looks to his right at a sudden intrusion. Becca had lifted her skirt and was mooning him over the center console. Laughing at her he ignored her attempt to gain the affection he offered Rose.
"Sit that ass down."
"Poke me." She pouted.
"You heard me Becca. Seatbelts the both of you."
"Poke meeee!" She whines.
"SIT!" He bellows. She leaps back into her seat whimpering at his denial. "SEATBELTS! NOW!"
Both girls quickly locked themselves in. Satisfied , Tony put the truck in gear and pulled out onto the street. Sunglasses hiding his eyes from them he drove ten blocks before spotting something that made him decide to pull off the road and into a parking lot. Shutting the truck off he looks back via the rearview mirror.
"Stay here. I'll be back in a few minutes."
Jumping down and closing his door the girls watch him enter a building.
"The sign on the roof says The Pet Store. Do you think Tony is buying us a puppy?" Becca relaxed.
"I would rather have a kitten." Rose adds, "Cute and cuddly. Daddy never allowed pets in our home. He said too much work."
"That and he didn't want us to get scratched."
"Or, attached to anything."
"I hate you Rose." Becca pouted.
"Why?"
"Tony poked your butthole and not mine."
"He likes my butt hole better." Rose giggled.
"Leave me alone." Becca folded her arms with an avoided eye contact. Rose did.
"I wonder why there are drawings of a man and a woman on the window? Why not cats and dogs?" Rose changed the subject. Becca ignored her. For ten minutes they sat in further silence until Tony returned with a bag. Opening his door briskly he followed up with the suicide door on Becca's side. She jumped at his grim expression.
"You wanted that ass poked. Get over here."
Feeling triumphant Becca rolled on to her knees and mooned Tony, while sticking her tongue out at Rose. Hearing a crinkling sound Becca winced as Rose leered around her to observe Tony. He was opening some sort of package. Once opened, her eyes caught a glimpse of what he had in his hand. Jaw dropped she laughs at Becca pointing at her as Tony uses lube on the device.
Eyes bulging as Tony touches her butt pucker she feels something cold introduced into her. Something larger than a single finger. A sudden horrific expression overcame Becca as whatever Tony was inserting into her plunged deep and spread her ass hole wide.
"Gonna be an ass, take it up the ass." He growled.
"What is it?" Becca quivered afraid to move.
"It's called a butt plug. It's designed to enlarge the anus to make it easier to fuck you up the ass."
"Whoa!" Rose grew pale for her sister. "I like it up the ass."
"I know ya do. Got one for you too. Switch seats." He barks as Becca retreats to the other side, allowing Rose to replace her, ass poised for Tony's instruction. Afraid to sit down with the plug in her, Becca tilted on her left hip watching. It was uncomfortable to say the least.
"It feels huge Tony." Rose shivered as he forces the plug past her port. Once fully installed Rose shook her butt at Tony. He pinched her ass making her yelp again. Becca was feeling so left out. Finally, as Rose sits down she flares her eyes. "Gosh! It feels so strange Tony."
"Now you're both backseat drivers." He laughs, "Get used to it. I'm tapping both those asses before your Momma gets home. Make sure neither of you bend over in front of your Mom later. If she sees those I'm toast."
"We won't." Rose beats Becca to the punch. Seeing Becca all pouty, Tony growls.
"Get over here." Again the girls switch places to allow Becca to face Tony. Motioning her to turn around and bend over he double checks the insertion to see if it was snug. A pinch to her ass left Becca happier now.
"Seatbelts." He shuts the door and gets back into the drivers seat. Door latched he hides the bag under his truck seat out of sight. Gear shift in reverse he backs out of the lot space and guns his truck. A fast stop at a Taco Bell he orders lunch for Kendra. The girls opted not to eat. They knew to watch their weight. Daddy had instilled in them a mental circuit breaker that maintained their bodies to the best he could keep them. Years of that kept them fit.
Leaving the Taco Bell, Tony spotted a roadside florist. Moving across the busy street he pulled up to the florist, a young Hispanic man in his mid 20's. Window lowered Tony leans out with cash in hand, "Give me a dozen red roses and two white lilies." As the young man wraps the roses with a small vile of water to keep them hydrated he passes them up to Tony. Two lilies procured the man begins to wrap those as well but Tony stops him, "Clip the stems but leave enough to put in the hair. Girls? Lean out and let our Amigo here put the flowers in your hair." Window rolled down Becca leans out and waits for the handsome young man to snip the stem just perfectly. Two lilies ready he steps up on the running board and attaches it to Becca's hair. She looked beautiful. He even told her so. As she blushed Rose felt mischievous and reached under her sisters skirt and pushed in on the butt plug. Becca yelped laughing. Rose even lifted her skirt to let the young man see her bare bottom. Heart shaped ass dipping low into her crack. He grew cautious until Tony told him to relax.
Rose replacing Becca accepted her own lily. Of course, Becca got revenge showing off Rose's butt and encouraging her plug deeper. The man didn't know how to react. Stepping down he was afraid to look Tony in the eye. A hundred dollar bill made him dare to make contact. Thankful he nodded at "Keep the change."
On the road again the girls couldn't stop smiling. "Thank you for our flowers Tony."
"Gotta keep my girls beautiful." Blushing they hugged each other giggling. Another ten minutes later Tony Desmond reached the Memphis Municipal Medical Center. Parking on the top level of a parking garage the girls marveled at the scenic view.
"Alright. Lemme text your Momma we're here." He quickly sends off a message. A reply came less than two minutes later with, "Meet me at the courtyard picnic tables. I'm starving for tacos and your lips." He chuckled, "Both spicy."
Leaving his truck Tony opened the drivers side door then the back door. Unlatching the suicide door he assisted both girls down. Shutting the doors and locking up with his remote the twins again jumped as the horn blared. Tony Desmond had to laugh. There was just so much the girls had been oblivious toward in their short life. It was going to be a fun ride letting them know what they had missed out on.
"Bend over and touch your toes." They obey as he checks the snugness of the butt plugs. Wiggling them gets the girls giggling. "Alright. Don't fail me. No bending over in front of your Momma."
"We swear we won't."
"Let's go have a good thirty minute lunch with Ken and then we go shopping."
Following closely behind him they take the elevator down to ground level. The walkway outside led them around the building and to a large courtyard for smoking and eating lunch. Finding a table was easy enough. Not many enjoyed the outside as much as the cafeteria within. Seated carefully the girls made certain their skirts were lady like. Tony sat Kendra's diet Pepsi on her side of the table with the bag of soft tacos. The Roses were more challenging, tempted to toss her drink and use the cup as a vase until he realized there wasn't a water fountain out there in the yard. If it's meant to eat lunch in why the hell did they not put a fountain out here? Not real smart.
Watching the exit door found multiple people stepping outside into the sunshine. Some smoking 15 feet from the building in a tiny plexiglass shelter, while others paced the grounds. What intrigued Tony most was a lone Caucasian young man of his 20's with blond hair and wire rim glasses. Tall and lank he sat down with a book bag and appeared to be doing homework. He did walk by and smile at he and the girls. They appeared to be attracted giggling and huddling shoulder to shoulder. Hmm!
Before he could enquire upon their thoughts Kendra stepped from the exit door locating them easily. With the boy sitting between she and they Tony took liberties. Snapping his fingers to get their attention he handed the wrapped roses to Becca, "Go greet your Momma and surprise her with these. Tease the boy without her noticing."
"Our skirts?" Rose asked as they jumped from their seats.
"He sees, Mom doesn't. Am I clear?" He pats his chest over his heart.
"Yes Master." They whispered as one snickering. From their bench they raced away to greet Kendra Neal. Catching her by surprise in running at her she immediately noticed they had no bra's on. There was no mistaking that dance of the devils daughter. Summoning the courage to correct that error in their judgment she also noticed two other things. One they seemed to be running awkwardly, two they had gotten her flowers. Her heart took over and the rest was lost to her brain until later when she would ponder things.
"MOOOOOMMMMY!" They squealed reaching her and hugging her from the sides. Becca closest to the curious young man bent in toward Kendra enough to let her butt cheeks expose. Not enough to notice the butt plug, but still the boy bulged his eyes smiling. He tried not to stare because he presumed they were underage. Back to the books he went, nervous at the presumption.
"What have we here?" Kendra felt lucky today. The girls were more receptive to her on a personal level. Off and on all week long they had acted more in tune with her and less withdrawn to calling her Kendra. It was Mom more and more. She thanked God for the speedy acceptance.
Rose lifted the flowers. "We bought you flowers. You can take it out of our allowance."
Becca winced at losing their own money but went with it, nodding as Kendra lifted the wrapped roses to sniff them. Sharing the fragrance with Rose, Kendra told her daughter, "These are what you were named after. My little flower." Rose in response wrinkled her nose grinning. Touching the flowers just the wrong way turned that smile into a yelp.
"Owww!" She lifts her finger to show that a thorn had drawn blood. "Booboo."
"Oh you poor thing. They didn't clip the thorns?"
Tony approached producing a hanky from his pocket occasionally used as a dew rag. "That's what I get from buying from an outside vendor. Sorry." He dabs her finger as Kendra admires his loving concern.
Out of nowhere the blond man eased into their world with assistance, "I can go grab a band aid Kendra."
"Would you Justin? Maybe even take Rose with you and use some disinfectant?"
"My pleasure. Care to follow me?" He eyes Rose who glanced at Tony.
"Go on." Tony nods, "Take your sister with you. Don't get lost." He also passes off that now empty drink cup to Becca, having decided to go ahead and use it. "Becca? Take this cup and find a water fountain, fill it up for the flowers."
"Yes Sir." She claims the cup and starts to turn.
"Hold up." Tony lastly snatches his wallet out and hands her three dollar bills. "Buy your Momma a Diet Pepsi to replace the one I just tossed out."
"Where?" Becca felt lost.
"I'll show you a vending machine. Come on before your sister bleeds out." Justin winked at Kendra.
"Thank you Justin. Behave yourselves girls." Tony wouldn't have that. The twins look to him for inspiration as he bends over a bit to sniff the flowers in front of Kendra's chest. They understood.
Watching them follow Justin, Kendra shook her head. "Why are they walking funny?"
"They were complaining about needing new shoes. Mind if I buy them some?" He was a fast thinker that Tony Desmond.
"You're going to spoil them aren't you Lover?"
"Gonna spoil all you Ladies. Come here Hotstuff." He lowers the deadly flowers and draws her in for a brilliantly royal kiss that made the women standing about swoon. Kendra would definitely hear about their jealousy the rest of her long shift. She was so very lucky to have a man who showed affection in public. As their lips part she sighs, "Wanna go hide behind a shade tree and get in a quickie?"
She giggles patting his chest, "Don't tempt me. I've thought about last night all morning."
"Oh yeah? Even with the twin terrors in our bedroom?"
"That part has me on the fence. I'm going to try as hard as I can to be ourselves even around the girls. Give me time to talk with them more."
"All the time you need." He spies the women whispering. "In the meanwhile..." He swiftly sweeps her off her feet like a Princess and carries her in massive arms to the picnic table. Looking back after a zestful squeal she hams it up for the onlookers with a swooning arm over her eyes and an expression of "I feel faint." Everyone stood amused by her performance. At her seat Tony sat her down to straddle the bench from the side. Flowers set aside he again seduced her with a lingering kiss that consumed her soul.
"I better eat." She sighs fanning herself as the kiss sizzled between a thin gap between touching.
"Spread em'."
"I didn't say you had better eat. What's gotten into you?" She giggled as he reaches over and grabs the bag of tacos. Easing it closer he winks, "Just feeling playful. Can't I love my fiancée?"
"Of course you can." She shivers as she chooses to explore the contents of the bag. Repositioning to sip properly she opens her bag and digs in. "These smell so yummy."
"Hope they stayed warm enough for you."
"After heating me up inside I don't see a problem." She bats her eyes at her man.
Sitting next to her he squeezes her shoulder with a one handed massage as he allows her to eat. Looking at the exit door he wondered what the girls were doing. "That Justin an intern?"
"Yes. He works upstairs in the post surgery ward."
"I see books at his table." He nods that direction.
"A student in college. Why?" It suddenly dawns on her where Tony might be going with this. "You know what? I've heard that he tutors on the side. College courses though. Is that what you were thinking?"
"We do need to produce a tutor to impress that Edith gal from Social Services."
"I know but I might feel better with a tutor much older. I don't think Justin is any older than 21."
"So."
"The girls are 18. Being so close in ages has me..."
"Untrusting of them?"
"I barely know them Tony. I'm just being protective."
"I get that Ken. We can look elsewhere." He would change his tune after the girls reported back. Speaking of elsewhere...
Within the medical center Justin Cooley took Rose to a small room where supplies were and tended to her wound. Shaking at his touch Rose stared up at him. "Our Father would suck the blood out of our booboos until it stopped."
"Oh yeah? Not very sanitary." She swiftly brought her finger to his lips making him freeze up and look at her with eyes crossed. "Ummm! I better not." She pouted with an inspiring yearn of "Hmmmph!" Seeing her insistence he growled at Becca hovering next to them. Becca took the challenge upon herself and grabbed Rose's hand bringing the finger to her lips. Before Justin's eyes Becca sucked the finger and made it look as if she were giving tender head. Rose grinned sheepishly at Justin. Watching her suck the finger he had to clear his throat and think of bad things to slow his troubled erection.
"How...old are you girls?"
"Eighteen." Rose spoke for a busy sister, who nodded with the finger still in her lips. Finishing up Becca wags her tongue on the tip of Rose's finger.
"There! All done." Becca sighed.
"I wanted him to do it." Rose giggled.
"Your Mom would skin me alive." Justin chuckled. "Here let's peroxide that wound and put a band aid on it." He opens a bottle and gently pours a bit on the spot watching it bubble the infection out. He does blow on it to dry the finger.
"I like blowing on things." Becca grins.
"Me too." Rose joins in on the fun.
"I bet you do." He examines the cabinet for band aids, "Winnie the Pooh or Hello Kitty?" He shows Rose the boxes.
Becca snorts, "He said Winnie the Poop."
"I didn't say poop." He laughs.
"He can win my pooper." Rose dares to blurt out. In a bold move she turns and lifts her skirt to show him her bare bottom, butt plug in full view.
"Stop that. We don't want him telling Mom we wear things like that." Becca tries covering her.
"Holy crap." Justin felt faint suddenly. "That...was a sweet ass."
"I have a sweet ass too. We are identical twins." Becca stomps her foot then reluctantly shares her own ass. Both girls exposed themselves at the same time. He admired them with lust until he heard the door open. Straightening up swiftly as a Nurse entered catching the trio, Rose ran interference, "HELLO KITTY."
"Good choice. Can't go wrong with the Kitty." Justin grins opening the box to procure a band aid.
"My sister got stabbed by a thorn." Becca defended them. Rose swiftly showed her the wound. As the nurse pouted out of empathy Justin tore open the band aid and grabbed Rose's hand, applying it.
"There. All better. Let's go grab your Mom's pop. Excuse us." He leads the girls out into the hallway. The nurse shrugged and performed her duties without another thought. Walking down the hallway toward an elevator he whispered, "Don't be doing things like that. We don't want your mom getting wind of your mischief. Do we?"
"NOOO!" They groaned playfully.
"You're cute." Becca informed him as Rose concurred with amazing eyes.
"Thanks. You're both..." He starts to say cute but smirks, "Sexy as hell."
"We love sex." Rose blurts as Becca clamps a hand over her mouth.
"Quiet."
"Ummm! So do I." He chuckles nervously.
As he punches the down button on an elevator they remain silent until the doors open. Nobody inside it, he motioned for them to enter. In their hesitance of a second time ever to ride in an elevator they chose to let him enter first. Once inside they scurry in. Pushing a button for the basement he stood back until the door shut them in. Once they felt it lower the girls chose an arm and held on tight. He poised his brows at their actions. "Dang! You two smell really good."
"Thank you." A joint appreciation gave him goosebumps.
"I didn't know Kendra had daughters."
"We just moved back with her. We lived with our Daddy." Rose filled him in.
"Daddy...died." Becca pouts for a moment.
"Oh, man! I'm sorry to hear that."
"Do you have a big dick?" Rose challenges him.
"Where did that come from?" He swallows dryly as Rose shrugs.
"Do you?" Becca offers curious eyes.
"Big enough. Man I hope you two don't tell your Mom and that big dude you asked me that."
"We won't tell." Becca pleads her case.
"Better not or I'll lose my job." He then lifts his hands to share a mental measurement of seven inches. The girls express awe and lean forward to both look at his crotch picturing it. Of course, the door opened as they did. People on the other side froze in step watching them. Justin nearly pissed his pants. Wouldn't that have been awkward. "Coke machines are this way." He drags the girls along. With no further scrutiny the watchers went on their way. "Chill out. You're going to get me in trouble."
"You don't...like us?" Rose whimpered.
"I don't know you. Yes...I mean...please just stop. Let's buy that Pepsi." He points at vending machines along a wall. Pointing at the empty drink cup he directs Becca to a fountain. She pauses to absorb the hustle and bustle of the people eating and chattering. Nervously, she moves to the fountain and looks at it. Strangely, she had never even seen one before. Toying with the toggle until it squirts she yelps lightly, then turns red. In her shock she drops the cup and instinctively kneels to pick it up. A pair of male orderly's much older than Justin looks over just in time to see up Becca's skirt. Pussy all the way. One orderly points at her to encourage his friend to look. Noting them Becca looks first at them, then around the cafeteria. Smiling evilly she fans her knees wider offering a more vivid look. The men bulge their eyes and wink at her. She shivers and dares to reach a hand beneath her skirt and rub her labia to share her inner opening. The awe of her boldness made both men look around themselves before rubbing obvious erections. Becca was giddy.
At the vending machine Rose poised her dollar bill as if uncertain what to do with it. Eying her hesitance Justin pinched the money and put it in the bill receptor, pushing the Diet Pepsi button. As a can dropped she jumped closer hugging his arm.
"You two sure are jittery." He chuckled.
"Everything is so new to us. Our Daddy kept us at home away from public places. Once every few months he took us shopping, getting our hair done, nails, things like that."
"Wow! Sounds like a prison."
"We loved our Daddy. He...just wanted what was best for us."
"I'm sure." He bends over to grab the can. "Two more dollars. You want a pop?"
"No. I want...you."
"I cost more than two dollars." He chokes into his fist.
"We have $150 million when we turn 21." She brightens up.
"Sure you do." He rolls his eyes.
"We do. Our Daddy left us a big inheritance. I think that's what it's called. We just have to live with our Mom until then to get it."
"Yeah, okay." He plucks another bill from her grasp, "Juice then?"
"Apple juice." She suddenly had a craving. As he moves to another machine she follows him, selecting an Apple juice he lets it drop and points at it. "All yours Eve."
"My name is Rose."
"Eve as in Adam and Eve?" She shrugs, heir Father had never let them even learn of the Bible let alone go to Church. "Wow! Tough crowd." She bends over without another thought to retrieve her drink. As she does Justin leers at her exposing bottom and whistles to himself. "Fuck that's a sweet ass." The men around them concurred. Luckily, nobody could connect the girls to Kendra Neal. At least not yet.
Standing up Rose opens her bottle and takes a drink. She enjoyed the refreshment immensely. "One for Becca?" He pinches the last dollar as Rose nods. Money loaded he punches the juice button a second time awaiting it to drop. Pointing it out she once more bends forward. This time Justin dares to pinch the back of her skirt lifting it for a better view. All the way up to her lower back. The men around them offer a secretive thumbs up as he looks back. "Holy crap. I'm so going to get in trouble." He ponders.
As Rose rises he releases her skirt to avoid detection. She knew, eying the men watching she shivers with flared brilliance in her gaze. "They saw me."
"I saw you."
"I think they like me more than you." She giggles whispering.
"Ohhh I doubt that." He grumbles playfully.
"We should get back." She pouts not wanting to.
"Right! Where's Becca?"
"Over there in that man's lap." She points.
"WHAT?" Justin panics looking over to see Becca sitting on one of her admirers knees. He was rubbing her leg as she toyed with his goatee. Exhausted by babysitting Justin bolted over to the men and claimed Becca by the arm. "Your Mom is waiting. Let's go."
Disappointed the men laugh and release Becca. Their words were just plain dirty as Justin pried her away. As he nudges Becca along she giggles at Rose. "He touched by pussy."
"Wait!" Justin froze, "What?" A glance back at the men he saw the man with the goatee lifts two fingers then licked them. Justin held his breath. "FUCK!"
"You want to?" Becca hugs Rose with anticipation.
"YES!! I mean No. We have to go. DO NOT TELL YOUR MOM. OR, the other guy."
"You don't want to fuck us?" Rose pouted nursing her juice, handing Becca her own bottle. Snatching the water cup to keep her from spilling it Justin shakes his head.
"Maybe someday. God I want that." He huffs.
"So do we." They agreed grinning.
"Come on." The elevator ride up led to his rubbing both of their asses. They shared a feel of his tented crotch. Trouble was in the wind.
Outside, Tony was dabbing hot sauce from Kendra's lips with a napkin when the trio returned. Justin fearful of being seen with an erection swiftly parted ways to grab his books and head back inside.
"He must be late clocking back in." Kendra noted his swift retreat. "Not even a wave goodbye."
"Here's your drink Mom." Becca handed her the Diet Pepsi. Kendra swiftly opened it for a much needed swallow.
"You gals behave yourselves?" Tony knew better. They nodded just for Kendra's sake, as soon as Kendra looked to Tony the girls changed the direction of their nods in a sly negative manner. In his thoughts he chuckled, "That's my evil bitches."
"My lunch is almost over." Kendra scowls looking at her cell clock. "I didn't even get to enjoy my babies. Come here and give me a hug. " She stands up and steps over her seat with arms outstretched. The twins ease in and get smothered by Kendra's clutches. A kiss atop each of their foreheads led to wrists wiping lipstick and moisture. "I love you two soooo much. Thank you for my flowers." She primps at the lilies in their hair, "You two look so adorable with these in your hair."
"They were Tony's idea." Rose reveals.
"Good choice Romeo." Kendra winks at him.
"Gonna head out and get the girls some proper clothes." He winks back. Tony had already warned her that he was buying something that would make her laugh. Refusing to offer details he said he would send a picture later.
"Okay." Kendra smirked, "Don't forget the phone parts."
"On my to do list."
"Am I on that list?" She grins.
"Five different times."
"Oh my. I need to go. Think of me." She kisses Tony on the cheek. Turning away she takes her flowers and Diet Pepsi with her. Tony took care of the trash. Waiting until Kendra had entered the building he cleared his throat.
"How did it go?"
"Justin wants to fuck us." Rose blurts out.
"I sat in a man's lap. He touched me." Becca felt pride. Tony winced with a hint of aggravation.
"What part of not showing off didn't you get?"
"You told us to."
"Sitting in a strangers lap and letting him touch you?"
"I..." Becca nearly shed a tear.
"Let's take this to my truck." Finding a trash can he tossed everything into it and stormed off. The girls trailed behind him at a safe distance, fearful of his mood swing. They obviously misunderstood him. Back at the first elevator they entered with him. As the doors closed he grabbed them both by the back of the neck. Spooked slightly they found his hands gently squeezing them. Drawing them closer he hugs them. "You did good."
"We thought you were mad at us." Rose pouted.
"As long as nobody talks around Kendra we let it go. Touched you where?" He eyes Becca.
"My pussy."
"No shit?"
"No Sir."
As the elevator opens at the rooftop they discovered only two other cars. Tony searching for cameras found only one and from the angle of his truck he felt certain that it would not view him. Snatching up both girls by their hair he nudges them to the blindside of his Dodge Ram. "Hands on the truck." He directs them into a pat down pose. Unzipping his pants he whips out a monstrous boner. Lifting Rose's skirt first he removes her butt plug and lifts it toward Becca's mouth. "Suck on this pacifier until I'm done." She whined at the taste on her tongue, yet she obeyed. Lining his dick up with Rose's anal cavity he penetrated her. Yelping as he gripped her throat full circle from behind, Becca stood by as Tony fucked her sister. The cheerful delight in being chosen first Rose moaned hard. Hearing her ass slapped, Becca dared to look at Tony. He was not amused.
"FACE THE FUCKIN' TRUCK." He snapped. Becca had to utilize their reflections in the metal to see what she could. Rose was definitely loving Tony's attentions. After a good fifty thrusts he pulls out of her and moves behind Becca. As he had earlier he removes the butt plug and this time forces it into Rose's mouth. The two girls admired each other's mouthful and whimpered. Rose didn't so much care for the taste either but accepted it.
Guiding his crown up into Becca he fucked her just as he had Rose, gripping her throat as if wearing a collar. Similar moans erupted from her dry throat. As Tony felt a good load stirring and ready to fire he pulls out and snarls, "KNEEL."
With trembling limbs both girls turn in step and lower to their knees, looking up at his cock. "CHEEK TO CHEEK." They follow his commands sucking on the butt plugs as if infants. It was almost funny yet Tony maintained his composure as he jerked off. Moments of feverish circulation ends with fired off rounds of white cum all across their faces. Their eyes surprisingly bright without so much as a flinch. They took it all with pride. As his final peppering ceased he reached out and plucked the butt plugs from their mouths. "LICK YOUR FACES CLEAN." Without resistance the two girls looked at each other and devoted time to licking each others faces. Tony Desmond loved how well they followed orders. Once they swallowed every bit of his jizz Tony put his dick away wet. Sure he could have had them suck him off until drained but time was running out.
"Up!" He motioned, "Bend over." Again he planted the butt plugs up inside their holes. Shivering at the reinsertion sensations they shied a bit. Once ready he opens the truck doors and snaps. "GET IN. SEATBELTS. Time to go shopping."
"YAY!" In they went, happy campers at Tony taking them from the rear.
Doors closed Tony Desmond chuckles, "That's how you shut up Backseat Drivers."
Backing away, he just had to offer up a playful...
"Beep! Beep! Beep!"
Truck engine started, he left the garage...behind.