The pre-med class at a well-known New England College had 22 men and only 1 woman in it. This story is about that woman. We will call her Eleanor not her real name as she has a practice in the Northeast. This story occurred in the mid seventies. Eleanor was a little older than the men in the class. She became a nurse first, and then went back to school to become a doctor, after working as a nurse for 3 years. Eleanor was nearly 30 at the time. She was not a beautiful girl, but she had a good personality. Eleanor had large breasts and was a little heavy. She weighed about 160 pounds; she had nice skin and very pretty face.
Eleanor was having a difficult time with all the work. She was struggling to keep up. Toward the middle of the semester the class was working on the human female form. They did the human male the first part of the semester and a few of the men in the class volunteered to be models and got extra credit for modeling. They were examined by all the guys and Eleanor to help them understand the male reproductive system. The class asked Eleanor to model for them. She was very embarrassed about her body and said no. Professor Winston called her into his office and told her she would have to model for the class starting tomorrow in order to pass his class as her marks were low, but with the extra credit for modeling she would pass.
All night Eleanor was thinking about modeling. She would have to model in order to get a passing grade. It was a very restless night. Eleanor went over in her mind what she would have to do. She could feel the humiliation building. The embarrassment of exposing herself to her classmates was almost overwhelming to her as she did not like her body. What will they think of my body she will not be able to do it she thought.
The next morning she went to her classes. She tried to keep herself from thinking about Professor Winston's class. Eleanor was successful. She did not have to deal with it until the class. Eleanor was met by Professor Winston at the door. He wanted to know her decision. She told him she could not do it. The Professor told her she would have to or fail the course. She had to pass the course to keep her scholarship.
The Professor said to her. "I will not expect you to model today but tomorrow morning you will have to model for the class."
Chapter 2
The next morning Eleanor took a shower and put on clothes that were easy to remove. The class was at nine in the lab with the exam table in it. She got to class about 15 minutes before it started as she was instructed by the Professor. He was there waiting for her. Eleanor had on a skirt and button down blouse with bra and panties. The Professor told her to remove her bra and panties then come back into the lab. She went to the ladies room down the hall and removed the required garments. She came back into the Lab to find Professor Winston moving the exam table into the center of the room and putting the stirrups on it. Eleanor felt her face turning red as she was thinking of what will come next. The class started to come into the lab. The Professor told everyone to gather their chairs around the front of the exam table. Eleanor went to talk with the group that came in trying to keep her mind off the coming humiliation she will have to endure. One of the guys said he was happy she agreed to help them. Professor Winston was busy bringing out the equipment. Eleanor saw him bring in a monitor with other equipment and a rolling table that was covered with a towel. She shuttered to think what was under there. The Professor finished bringing all the equipment into the classroom.
Professor called the class to order. He had Eleanor come to the front of the class and sit on the exam table. She sat on the table trying to keep her legs crossed to protect her modesty as long as she could. The Professor told the class today Eleanor has agreed to help with the class on the human female body.
With that explanation he turned to Eleanor and told her to remove her blouse and walk up to each of her class mates and let them examine her breasts. She was shocked that the Professor was so nonchalant about having all the men in the class room touch her. She asked if she could talk to him alone for a minute. He told her to speak up if she had anything to say. Eleanor looked down at her feet and said she did not think it was right for everyone to touch her. She is having a hard enough time being naked in front of everyone without the touching. The Professor told her she better give over her shyness if she wants a passing mark this semester. Eleanor's eyes started tearing she was on the verge of crying when she mustered up all her courage and held her head up high and walked to each of the other students and let them touch her breasts. Most saw that she was misting up so they did only a visual on her breasts but some liked seeing her in that condition.
The Professor talked about the female breasts for about another 10 minutes punctuated with stopping and having Eleanor hold her breasts out for the class or the Professor rubbing a nipple between his fingers to show how they become excited. The class was in session for about 45 minutes and the Professor called a break for ten minutes. Eleanor put on her blouse and went with the guys out into the hall. They all were talking to her told her how nice she looked they did not realize that she had such a nice body. This made her blush. She was not used to a compliment like that and she is a very shy person with very little experience with men. In fact she has not had a steady boyfriend since High School opting for studying rather than a social life in college. You can see where that has gotten me she said and they all laughed.
All the class went back to the room. Eleanor knew the worst part of this modeling was still to come. The Professor started the second hour by going over what they discussed before the break. Eleanor was in back of the room hopping that Professor Winston will forget about her. That didn't happen he called her to the front of the room. As she was walking up from the rear he turned on the monitor asked if everyone can see it. He had her get on the exam table and brought out a endocam with a rounded end about the diameter of a flashlight with d batteries in it. The Professor put his hand in front of it and focused it you could see the prints of his fingers with it. Eleanor wondered what that was for. She did not have long to wait to see what it was used for. He told her to put her feet in the stirrups. Eleanor could not bring herself to do this. The professor had to help her she was frozen in fear and humiliation. He adjusted the stirrups and spread her legs as far as they would go.
She was in a half sitting position as that is the best position to get to all the reproductive organs in the vagina. Eleanor could see all her class mates looking at her exposed vagina. She could not wait for this to be over. She wished she was smarter and she will do better from now on. The professor put on a pair of exam gloves and checked to see if she was still a virgin. He was sure she was not so he put the endocam in Eleanor's vagina for all her embarrassment she was so wet the Professor did not even have to use any lubricant. Eleanor could feel herself getting moist also, this embarrassed her even more. All the class could see her very intimate parts the Professor pointed out all the parts of her vagina and the class followed on a diagram provided in the book. She was in this position for over 30 minutes. The professor removed the cam and put a speculum in her vagina to open her up and had all the class come up and look at her. Eleanor was even more humiliated now than when the Professor was using the cam on her. Everyone in her class will have seen her most intimate being. She hopes she can look at them all after this.
After everyone had a chance to look at Eleanor's flower of life the Professor asked if there was any questions with non he had everyone thank Eleanor for modeling for them and dismissed the class. Eleanor got dressed as all the guys waited for her. They all thanked her and said she was a good sport and also she looked better with her clothes off. She did not know whether to take that as a compliment or be mad at the guys. She asked them if they were serious. They said in unison yes they were she had a great body to go with her great personality. The group bonded together after this class they all shared something very personal today and they all became like family, with Eleanor being the only sister. The Professor told Eleanor she will get at least a B+ from this class and that will keep her on the Deans list as that is the only b she has. Her Humiliating experience is through she does not have to do this anymore.