Quick note: This is not as much of a stand-alone story as the others, but it is a free country. If you start reading here, you will catch up on the characters pretty quickly.
*****
Chapter 7
The port the next morning was St. Martin. The island was divided between France and the Netherlands back in the 1600s, and the Dutch part is called "St. Maarten". There were plenty of shore excursions offered, that mostly included island tours, sailing, scuba or shopping, but we were in the mood for something a little more daring.
We had heard that there were plenty of nude beaches on the French side (and maybe one on the Dutch side), but that the beaches were crowded and anything other than nudity was frowned on.
We were in the mood for something more serious than a nude beach, and we certainly didn't want to ruin anyone else's vacation, so we booked a powerboat trip to a beach called "Cupecoy". It was further out than the other beaches, and would at least be less crowded, and we had heard that the police allowed sex on the beach, as long as it was not too public.
The thing that finally sold us on the powerboat trip was that the tour guide promised the boat would provide "privacy tents" so that you could have some privacy on the beach. By the time we split the cost with two other couples, the total cost was not that much more than the other day-trips.
Early in the morning, Christy and I got up and ate a tiny breakfast in the room. Christy was tiny, and used to skipping breakfast, so she would be able to skip lunch, but I knew I was going to be hungry. It didn't matter though, because we had a view of St. Martin from our balcony, and Christy sat in a deck chair, completely naked, and watched as the ship pulled in to port.
She had gotten much more brave about showing of her body during the last few days, and she seemed to genuinely enjoy the idea that someone on shore might see her. I watched her intently, and found that I couldn't pull myself away from the view of her, no matter how much I missed breakfast.
When we dressed to get off the ship, Christy wore a string bikini that I had not seen before, and carried a bag with clothes and sunscreen. I dressed more practical, in shorts and a t-shirt, but I was not about to criticize her choice of attire.
Christy was tiny, as I had mentioned, and her body was every bit as attractive as it had been back in college. We had broken up after college, and each married other people. After we started dating again, we had picked this cruise as our first real vacation together, and we had invited our children along.
We had not realized that my son had been dating Christy's daughter, (or maybe they hadn't been, but they had certainly gotten along well during the cruise so far.) At the kid's request, John had traded rooms with Christy, leaving Christy in the balcony suite with me. This had left John in a room with Lisa, Christy's daughter. Although they were both over 18, they both looked young, and Lisa had taken to wearing skimpy bathing suits on board, and showing off her body at every opportunity.
When we met John and Lisa on the dock, John was dressed similarly to me, and Lisa was dressed similarly to her mom. Lisa had on a pair of running shorts over her bikini bottoms, but we could practically see right through them.
When we met the other two couples, the guys both smiled when they saw Lisa and Christy. Even though Lisa was young, and had the advantage of being tall with big boobs, Christy was still one of the hottest girls I have ever known. Her figure showed off many years of exercise, and her small frame made her small breasts perfectly in proportion.
One of the other couples was a young couple named Kevin and "Autumn". I put her name in quotes because I couldn't shake the feeling that she had given us a fake name. Kevin was just out of college, and seemed to be doing pretty well in finance, or stocks, or some such. (He didn't make a big thing about his job, and I didn't care.) "Autumn" was a college girl who might have been Kevin's girlfriend, or who might be renting her services out as a girlfriend for a week or two.
They mentioned that they had met on a dating website, but they didn't say which one. Kevin wasn't ugly, and he wasn't particularly out-of-shape, but he didn't seem to be in the same league as Autumn. She had a body like a model, and a perfect smile. She seemed to enjoy talking about anything, and was just generally a fantasy girl.
At any rate, they didn't seem like two people that you would otherwise expect to be a couple. Autumn had the kind of hot-college-girl looks that comes from taking care of yourself, but also being in her early 20's. Her hair was a light brunette (or a really dark blonde), and she had a smile that looked like she was genuinely having fun, rather than forcing it. Kevin, on the other hand, looked like he had never relaxed a day in his life, and didn't really have the hang of it.
The other couple was slightly older than Christy and I, and they were named Caroline and Greg. They were both long-tern nudists, and were completely comfortable talking about why they had chosen Cupecoy beach. Greg was about the same height as John, but tanned all over, and slightly overweight. Caroline was also tanned all over, and also slightly overweight, but their casual manner and sense of humor made them enjoyable to be around. Greg had a full beard, which was a little unkempt, and clearly he had not shaved his chest hair. Christy leaned over to me and whispered: "Caroline's body hair status is TBD." In fact, they seemed like an old hippie couple, and the idea of shaving seems like it would be low on their list. The idea that they might be carrying some pot seemed like a much more solid bet.
We all boarded the powerboat, stowed our back-packs, and introduced ourselves to the crew as the boat was pulling out. The crew was a captain and two assistants, who seemed to be along to sell sunscreen, drinks, towels, and other supplies. As promised, the boat included a privacy tent for each couple, but various sizes of better tents were available for rent. The assistants were also available to set up the tents for us for a small tip.
Rather than haggle over pricing, Kevin and I went ahead and tipped the assistants and Captain Tony generously, and asked the captain to take us to a secluded spot. Once they had the tip in hand, the captain became much more talkative, and the assistants starting loading us all up with Mexican beer and iced margaritas.
Greg apparently felt bad because he had not brought much cash, but I assured him that we had tipped for all four couples, and that we were there to have fun. Even though we had over-tipped already, Kevin told the crew that we "kind-of" wanted to make it back to the ship as well. He didn't promise them another tip, but I think they got the message.
When we got to the beach, we were a little surprised at how deserted it was. We literally had a cove the size of a football field all to ourselves.
"Is this Cupecoy?" Greg asked. He and Caroline had been to the beach before, and clearly they didn't recognize this spot.
The captain assured us that we were within walking distance of Cupecoy, but that he had picked out this spot so we could have some privacy.
"It is safe?" Caroline asked. It had occurred to us that the beaches in foreign countries were not completely safe.
Again, the Captain assured us that everything was fine. The beach was owned by a resort area, and his company was allowed to use it on Tuesdays and Thursdays for a fee. He told us we might see other tourists, and possibly police, but that we would not see locals, and the police would not bother us as long as we were polite and discreet.
The captain told us they were going to take a break and go pick up lunch, and made arrangements for the time to return. We also checked Kevin's phone to make sure he could call if there were any problems. After they were convinced that we were fine, the captain and his assistants left us on the beach, and took the boat around the point to the Southeast, where they said they would be anchoring near the main beach.
The cove was stunning, with large rocks creating many inlets and grottos. John and I set up two of the large tents, but everyone else went to explore the rock formations that stood to our north. By the time we had the tents set up, Lisa and Christy returned and said that the rocks really were amazing, and that they hadn't seen anyone on the walk.
The tents were basically lean-to style, with umbrellas on one side, and tents on the other. By raising or lowering the wind screen, you could get as much privacy as you wanted, or as little. We had put up the tents with the umbrella blocking the wind, and netting on the sides. This allowed a lot of air to circulate, and also blocked the view from some angles (but not from others.)
The girls quickly stripped off their suits, and told John and I to do the same. John and I were both hesitant, because we were both semi-erect from watching the girls undress, but we decided it would be fine, and we took off our suits and stored them in our backpacks.
The feel of the sun and the wind on our naked bodies was amazing, and I decided to stretch out in the sun for a bit and wait for my erection to go away. Christy laid down next to me, and started rubbing on sunscreen, which didn't do anything to reduce my level of excitement.
John decided to take the other approach, and headed for the water. He and Lisa both went in the ocean completely naked, and swam out fairly far in the clear water.
After a few minutes, Greg and Caroline returned, carrying their clothes, and told us how beautiful the rock formations were. (In answer to our earlier question, Caroline had shaved her legs and armpits, but had a hairy bush that in some ways seemed to match Greg's salt-and-pepper beard.)
They started putting up one of the other tents, close enough to us to talk, but far enough that the tents were not touching. They angled the tent the same way we had angled ours, so that we could lay inside the tent and still sunbathe.
Greg had taken a few polite glances at Christy's body, which was almost completely shaved, and had clearly enjoyed the view. In addition, Caroline had looked us both over. She had been more obvious about it, but even so, they were completely polite, and didn't stare at all. It came across as more of a compliment than an intrusion.
I think they really enjoyed meeting other nudists, especially ones who kept themselves fit. I had been exercising and dieting for months to get ready for the cruise, and Christy was obviously a fitness buff. (Not only had I been working out, but Christy had recently taken the initiative to shave my entire body. Although it is not something I would have done, I had to admit that it felt good, and it made my dick look bigger.)
My erection had calmed down a bit, but the thought of Caroline casually looking us both over seemed really exciting.
"Want to go swimming?" I asked Christy.
"Sure." She replied.
As we walked to the ocean, I kept looking around to see if there was anyone else on the beach. In fact, there was another couple at a pretty good distance, who appeared to have walked there from the resort. The girl was topless, but the guy was wearing a small swimsuit. They waived to us when we looked at them, but they made no attempt to come closer. If they were bothered by our nudity, they didn't show it.
The ocean was warm and clear, and we swam for a while, but did not see John and Lisa. Just to make sure they were OK, we decided to swim up toward the largest rock formation and check to make sure they were safe.
We came out of the surf on the sunny side of the rocks and walked around quietly, so that we wouldn't disturb them.
When we came around the first corner, the first couple we saw was Kevin and Autumn. Autumn was on her knees in the sand, and Kevin was leaning back against the rocks with his dick in her mouth. He had his hands in her hair, and he was holding her head in place. It didn't look like he was forcing her head, but he was certainly sticking his dick a long way down her throat. In fact, it looked like she was taking the entire length of his dick, with her lips coming all the way to his cleanly-shaven balls.
We watched for a few minutes. We were not exactly concealed, but Kevin didn't see us, because he mostly was just watching Autumn and her tight body.
"OK, I will give it a try, but don't expect me to take it all." We heard Lisa say.
Lisa had been out of our field of vision, but she walked over, and casually took Autumn's place in front of Kevin. When Kevin pulled his dick out of Autumn's mouth, we could see that Kevin had a normal length dick, but that it was much thicker than average. We were amazed that Lisa could even wrap her hand around it, much less take it in her mouth.
When she turned, Autumn caught sight of us, and smiled, but continued walking back out of our field of vision, in the direction Lisa had come. We wanted to see if she was servicing John, but we didn't have to look. Within a few seconds, we heard John say "Oh wow, that's fucking incredible."
Kevin was now holding on to Lisa's head, but again, he didn't seem to be forcing her. Lisa looked up at him and took his dick out of her mouth for a second, and must have said something, because he let go and put his hands behind his head.
We watched for a long time, and we saw Lisa gradually take more and more of Kevin's dick down her throat. At one point, she gagged a little, but never went as far down as Autumn had. After a while, we could tell that he was about to come, and he took his dick out of her mouth, and told her something that sounded like "hands and knees..."
Lisa obediently got on her hands and knees, and let Kevin shove his thick cock into her pussy, doggie style. She started gasping and moaning right away, and that made his pace even harder and faster. I turned to Christy a couple of times to see if she was upset. After all, we had just watched her daughter give a blowjob to a complete stranger, and now Lisa was arching her back to stick her ass up in the air to give him a better angle on her pussy.
We had retreated back behind the rocks, but when Lisa was arching her back she must have seen us. When I peeked around the corner again, Lisa had lowered her head and turned away slightly so that she wouldn't be staring directly at our location.
Kevin had raised one of his legs because Lisa was so tall. Her legs were long and muscular, and when he was on his knees, his dick would have been a few inches below her pussy. With one leg, he was practically riding her back. Instead of looking away, he looked directly at us from time to time. He had to know how weird it was fucking Lisa in front of her mom, but he didn't let it slow him down.
I looked at Christy again, and she seemed conflicted. On the one hand, she knew Lisa was old enough to make her own decisions. On the other hand, it was a little weird for the two of us to watch without turning away. I could tell Christy was a little aroused, and she could tell just by looking that I was hard as a rock.
I finally whispered to Christy, "Should we leave them alone?"
"I guess so," Chirsty replied. "They seem to have made some new friends..."
We carefully retreated around the rock, just out of their eyesight, but close enough that we could still hear the action. Christy put her arms around my neck, and pulled me close. I was ready to fuck Christy right there, but we got distracted when we heard Lisa say: "I'm coming..."
Of course we peeked back around the wall. It was fascinating to watch. Her body writhed underneath Kevin's pounding, and she pushed back against him as hard as she could. Kevin kept up the pace and grabbed her hips to pull her even harder back against his dick.
He had one knee in the sand, and the other leg propped up with his foot beneath her. When she collapsed to the sand, he could have spread her legs with his, but he pulled out instead. We watched as he repositioned himself slightly, and started shooting long ropes of cum onto her back.
It was not only sexy, but also a little impressive to watch. He must have been ready to come for a long time, because he didn't jerk himself off at all. He just directed his huge load onto the small of her back, and into the crack of her ass.
"Oh my God," we heard Johnny say. He was still out of our vision, but we hadn't forgotten about him and Autumn. We just couldn't see them.
We could tell from his tone of voice, that he was not upset, and I had pretty much decided that I didn't need to see what he was doing with Autumn, but Christy was more direct. She simply peeked further out from behind our boulder, and motioned for me to join her.
When we came into sight of the two, Johnny was standing with his legs spread wide apart, and Autumn was kneeling in front of him with his dick all the way down her throat. Johnny saw us of course, but it didn't stop him. Because of the shape of the rocks, they had been much closer to us than we had thought. Christy could have reached out and touched them.
Kevin and Lisa saw us too, but Lisa had stretched out in the sand, enjoying the relaxation after her orgasm, and Kevin had laid down with his knees between her legs, and re-inserted his dick in her pussy.
At that point, there was no need to pretend we hadn't been there all along, so we just continued to watch Autumn and Johnny.
Autumn took Johnny's dick out of her mouth to take a breath, and then took his cock all the way into her throat again. She was bobbing up and down, but Johnny was also moving his dick back and forth and fucking her face pretty hard. We had a great view of Autumn's ass, and with her legs spread slightly, it gave her ass a heart-shape that practically invited me to shove my dick inside it.
I had to clear those thoughts from my mind. I didn't want to lose Christy, of course, and I was pretty sure that starting a threesome with my son and a random party girl would be a mistake.
After a few seconds Johnny closed his eyes and thrust his hips forward. "That's it..." he said.
Autumn stopped her motion as well, and kept his dick buried deep in her throat, as she concentrated on taking his load directly into her stomach. Johnny moaned, and Autumn wrapped her arms around his ass to hold him in place while his dick continued to pump inside her.
After just a few more seconds, she pulled back to catch her breath, and his dick pumped one or two more spurts of semen onto her chin and breasts.
"That was pretty fucking hot," Christy said.
I wasn't sure if Amber had known we were there, but she didn't seem worried by us at all. In fact, she gave Christy a little smile, and said: "You guys can still join us."
Autumn was wiping the semen off her face, but for some reason, she looked as sexy as anything I had ever seen. She was definitely a party girl, but her smile made it clear that she was enjoying herself, and had decided to fuck two guys of her own free will, and not because she had to.
She was fully aware that she had just given Johnny a deep throat in front of his dad and his girlfriend, and she seemed turned on by the whole idea, maybe even a little proud. At any rate, when she stood up, she had every right to be proud of her body. She was completely naked, and looked like a supermodel on a beach shoot.
Autumn had been looking directly at Christy's face, but when she mentioned us joining in, she glanced at my dick, which was as erect as it had ever been.
Christy also glanced at my dick. "Jack seems to like the offer, but I still think it might be too weird. Watching Lisa and John is one thing, but joining in might get a little weird."
"Well, we are going to go swimming anyway," said Kevin. "So you guys have the cave to yourself." Since Kevin had been laying in the sand with Lisa, and when he stood up, he was covered in sand, and possibly his own semen, mixed with Lisa's juices.
As they left to go swimming, we reflected on the fact that it was hardly a cave. It was just two giant rocks that blocked the view from two directions. It was far and away the most public place we had ever had sex.
"I am horny as hell," Christy whispered in my ear.
"Me too," I replied.
I laid down in the sand right where I was, and never broke eye contact with Christy as she straddled me, and slowly lowered herself down on my dick. She was already wet from watching complete strangers switch fucking partners with our two kids, and she immediately started riding my cock at at pretty good pace.
While she was riding me, she decided to heighten the experience by teasing me with dirty talk.
"So did you like watching that guy with the thick cock cum all over Lisa?" All I could do was moan.
"Did you imagine it was your dick putting all that cum all over her ass?"
This time, I had an answer. "No, I imagined it was my dick and your ass."
She laughed. "You liar. Her ass is 18 years old, and mine is 38."
"Your ass has always been my favorite."
"How about Autumn," Christy continued. "Her ass is the tightest thing I have ever seen. I bet she could crack walnuts with that thing."
Autumn's heart-shaped ass was actually amazing, but I wasn't going to be put off my game; "Nope, your ass is still better."
"I can tell you wanted to fuck her." Christy was teasing me, but clearing enjoying it. "You love it when a girl deep-throats you."
"Are you making an offer?"
"Oh Hell, OK yes," she replied.
Christy lifted herself up off my dick, and turned around. Then she knelt with her pussy directly on my mouth, and leaned forward to take my dick in hernmouth. As she scooted forward, she gradually took more and more of my dick down her throat, until she had her upper lip directly against my balls. She was not able to hold the position long, and may have gagged a bit, because when she came up for air, she released my dick entirely.
She was so small that I had to lean forward to lick her pussy lips, so when she sat up, I pulled her back against my tongue, and held her there. Once I pulled her into that position, she could barely reach my dick with her mouth, so she sat up and started jerking me off with her hands while she rode my face.
I was starting to enjoy eating her out, so I held her in place, and started sending my tongue deeper and deeper into her pussy. Her natural juices had already displaced the taste of the salt water, and I was rewarded with more juices every time I touched her clit.
As I could feel her tensing up, I started using my fingers to increase her pleasure, and I knew she was getting closer and closer to orgasm.
Just then, I felt someone else's mouth surround my dick and start sucking. It was a really good blowjob too. She wrapped her hand around the base, and bobbed the tip in and out of her mouth.
Because Christy was sitting up and riding my face cowgirl-style, it couldn't be her, so I just hoped it was Autumn. With Christy's knees around my head, I had no view at all of who was giving me the blowjob.
Christy started bucking up and down on my tongue, and I realized that the blowjob had divided my attention. The blowjob was getting me very close to orgasm, but I wasn't going to let it keep Christy from getting hers. (Alter all, she must have given someone permission to suck my dick.)
As I started pushing my tongue and fingers deeper and deeper into Christy, In the back of my mind, I imagined the options. I doubt she would let Lisa suck me off, but she would certainly let Autumn or even Caroline do it. The idea of Autumn sucking my dick while Christy watched was incredible.
When I felt Christy start to come, the person giving me the blowjob stepped up her game as well. She lowered her head all the way down to my pubic bone, taking my entire dick in her throat. Instead of coming right back up, she bobbed her head up and down slightly on my dick, holding her breath like a champion diver.
I am pretty sure that is not a common skill, so that confirmed for me that Autumn was the one giving me the anonymous blowjob. Thinking about her tight body with my dick down her throat was too much, and when I felt her slide her head back up, I started coming. She completed her upstroke, and I felt some of my cum leak down my shaft, but she immediately went deep again, and took the rest of my orgasm into her throat.
Christy must have enjoyed the show, because she started coming as well, and gripped my head tight with her legs. Her body shuddered over and over, and I continued to rub my tongue and fingers into her pussy while she went through wave after wave of spasms, including rubbing her juices all over my mouth.
After a long time, I felt Christy relax and lean forward, and take my now-flaccid dick into her mouth. She licked and sucked gently until I was dry, but she had to reposition her body because she was so much shorter than me, (and my dick was now back to minimum size.)
Because she moved down, I caught a glimpse of Autumn leaving the cave. (I had already been pretty sure it was her, but I still didn't want to be pranked later, and have someone tell me it some other unexpected third party.)
We laid there for a long time, and eventually went swimming again to clean off.
When we got back to the tents, the other three couples were there, enjoying a few drinks, and telling stories about having sex in public. Lisa and Autumn also had a fairly detailed conversation comparing Kevin and John's dicks. (From what I understand, Kevin was thicker, but John was longer.) The girls giggled and made crass jokes about comparing the size to the size of their mouths and assholes. Both girls agreed that both guys were a bit too large for anal sex, but Autumn sounded like she was ready to give it a try.
As Lisa told the story about how sexy it was to fuck two different guys in the cave, Gregs' dick had grown to a full erection, and Caroline started rubbing her hand over Greg's dick.
Christy had stretched out in our tent, and couldn't see what was going on, but the other two couples had a fair view of Caroline and Greg.
Kevin and Autumn had been whispering together, and Autumn started asking Caroline if she and Greg had ever "shared" with any other couples. From the way she said it, it seemed pretty obvious that she was offering her services.
"We did a few times but we don't anymore." Caroline replied. "We still watch other couples having sex, but for the last few years, we have been exclusive." Caroline paused, and laughed, maybe because she thought she was sounding judgmental. "I am not criticizing, it is just an understanding of ourselves that we got comfortable with."
Autumn was clearly not insulted, only curious.
"So when you watch other couples, is that at nudist resorts?"
"Oh no," Caroline answered. "The nudist resorts are not about sex, they are about the lifestyle."
Autumn paused, so Caroline continued.
"It is exactly the opposite of all the jokes you may have heard. Most of the naturist resorts have a code of conduct: You don't judge other people, you don't stare, and you don't sexualize nudity. We meet lots of people at the nudist resorts, and they never break the rules. The resort where we watched other people having sex was not a nudist resort, it was more like a sex club."
"Sex club?" Kevin asked.
"Yeah, I am sure you have heard of Hedonism II? Well, we went there with some friends. They bill themselves as a nudist resort, but most people who go there are not nudists, they are just people looking for sex. Well, when we went there, it was all about swapping partners with our friends."
"How did you like it?" Christy asked.
"Oh, Hedo II is exactly what you expect. Lots of public nudity, and a fair amount of public sex, but the place hasn't been well-maintained since the 1970's, and it shows."
"Of course, I haven't been well-maintained since the 1970's, either," Greg added.
"Caroline seems to be maintaining you pretty well," Said Lisa. Lisa had sat up, and was watching Caroline casually stroking Greg's dick while she talked. Greg was laying back with his hands behind his head.
"Well," Caroline smiled, "after listening to your stories, I figured you guys didn't care."
"No, I like it," Autumn replied.
After that, things got quiet for a while.
Kevin was not in my field of view, so I leaned up and looked over to see how things were going. Autumn had straddled Kevin, and was riding him slowly. They had not set up their tent, and were just laying on a towel on the far side of John's tent, so I got a good view of Autumn's breasts slowly swaying back and forth.
Autumn looked over at me and smiled. "Hey Christy," she called out, "Thanks for sharing."
"It was my pleasure," Christy giggled.
"Not entirely," I said.
Lisa and Autumn continued talking even while Autumn fucked Kevin, and it sounded like they were discussing whether they would "trade" again. From the way the conversation went, I got the impression that both were happy exactly where they were, for the time being.
Lisa and John had set their tent up slightly in front of me, so I could not see into their area, but they had left the front of the tent open, so anyone who wanted to could walk by. The beach was deserted, and the other couples all seemed content with their own partners, so they had privacy for the time being.
I put my arm around Christy, and laid back down so she could soak in the sun. Although I wanted to have sex again, I didn't recover that fast. My dick was still soft from coming down Autumn's throat.
Instead, after a few minutes, I said, "I am going to go swimming." This was really just a thinly disguised ploy to see what everyone is up to, and Christy knew it. For some reason, it was very important to me to see if all three other couples were having sex at once.
In fact, it was totally worth it just for the view. Autumn was still riding Kevin cowgirl style, and the sight of her body alone was worth the price of admission. She was grinding her pussy back and forth on his dick, and Kevin had his hands on her breasts, rubbing her nipples.
Lisa was laying on her stomach, with her face down on the towel, and her butt stuck up in the air to give better access to John, who was propped up on his arms, fucking her from behind.
Greg and Caroline were spooning, and he was reaching around to insert his fingers in her pussy for an additional massage. From looking at the angle and the motion, I got the impression that Greg's dick was buried in her ass. I felt like I was staring, but it was incredibly sexy to watch them slowly working together to bury his insert further and further into her butthole.
Rather than stand and stare, I went ahead and went swimming. The water felt great, and my erection returned to full attention thinking about the other couples on the beach.
By the time I got back to the tents, Greg and Caroline seemed to have finished, and had stretched back out in the sun for a nap, but the other two couples were still going pretty strong. Christy was stretched out in the sun, but she had peeked over a couple of times to watch her daughter getting fucked for the second, (and maybe third) time today.
I had taken my time walking back, because I found the site of the two young couples amazingly hot, and my dick was as hard as a rock just from watching. When I laid down next to Christy, I turned toward her and asked what she thought about the show.
"I am horny as fuck," she whispered.
When she rolled over to face me, I lifted her leg with my hands, and propped it over my hip so I could rub her pussy. She responded by snuggling her body closer to mine, and using her hand to rub my dick against her pussy lips.
I arched my back a little, and easily worked my dick into her without leaving our sides. Because her body was so small, she felt incredibly tight in this position. Even though we were out in the sun, the wind had picked up, and was keeping us cool. The feel of being naked on the beach, having sex, was really one of the biggest turn-ons of my life.
I agreed with Greg and Caroline that the nudity felt natural and good, I am not sure I would want to visit a nudist resort unless there were sex involved.
Christy closed her eyes, and moved her body only slightly to keep up the slow rhythm. With each stroke, I was pushing my dick completely inside her and pulling it almost all the way out.
This was a slow pace, but Christy knew how to speed me up. "I want to feel you come inside me," she whispered.
I had recovered enough that I was pretty sure I could come a second time, but our position was too relaxed for me to do it. As I rolled on top of her, she spread her legs wide, but she was so limber that she could keep her feet in the sand, almost underneath me.
In this new position, her pussy felt incredibly tight, and I started to increase my pace. I propped my body up a little so my weight would not be too much on Christy, but I still pressed my chest down a bit on her breasts, and pressed my pelvis down on hers.
We made love for a long time, alternating between slow and fast, and I almost forgot about the other couples. To the left of us, though, I heard the sounds of Lisa having a loud and long orgasm. Mostly she was grunting, but she would occasionally say "fuck" out loud. At the end of her orgasm, it sounded like John was over the edge too. He was mostly just moaning, and wasn't near as loud as Lisa had been, but the sounds were a turn-on for us just the same.
After their orgasms, Christy was close to coming, and so I went ahead and concentrated on my own pleasure. I was propped up on my hands, looking in Christy's eyes, but I was slamming my dick into her as fast as I possibly could. When I slowed down but increased the pressure, I was a little worried I would hurt her, but she kept saying "Yes!"
After a few minutes, my orgasm finally erupted, and I pushed my dick as far as it would go inside her. The feel of my spasms sent Christy over the edge too, and she wrapped her legs around my ass while I pumped my load of semen inside her.
When we were finally done, I collapsed on the towel next to her, and noticed that Lisa and John had moved outside the tent with Kevin and Autumn, and they were all just laying in the sun, completely naked, talking. Each one was touching one or two others, and it looked like an advertisement for a nude beach.
The two guys were young and handsome, and the two girls were both smoking hot. I have to say that the two girls were better looking than the guys, but if I could have taken a picture, everyone would think they were all posing.
We had not heard Kevin or Autumn finish their sex, but Kevin's dick was flaccid again, and Autumn had a relaxed smile as if she had finally been on the receiving end of an orgasm.
Because of the time, I suggested that we all go wash off in the ocean again, and everyone agreed, including Greg and Caroline.
As we were in the ocean washing up, the boat with captain Tony and his assistants was just pulling up to the beach with lunch. We decided that we would return to the ship after lunch, and captain Tony was happy to make it happen.
As promised, Kevin and I tipped the assistants again, and they immediately took over cleaning our gear folding up our tents and stowing them away. The assistants seemed a little disappointed when the girls got dressed again, but they continued talking to us the whole time they were working, without staring, as if nudity was so normal that it was part of the deal.
The last full day of the cruise was going to be days at sea, and we were sad to see the islands behind us. This ship didn't have a "clothing optional" area, and the public spaces were limited, so we figured this was our last opportunity for group sex.
It turns out that we were wrong, but that is another chapter...