Chapter 5: Exposure
===================
Kate and I left Tracy and Oliver's bungalow on our way to meet our friends at the restaurant. We had just had wonderful time with them, and we couldn't wait to tell the rest of the group. Tracy and Oliver were wearing casual clothes, but Kate and I were only wearing our robes to our bodies, as we came to Tracy and Oliver's right from the Turkish baths.
On the way to the restaurant, Tracy excused herself and went to knock on the door next to their. It was the door of the bungalow where until that morning both Rachel and Carl were staying, but as we heard during breakfast, Carl had left the resort, probably breaking up with his wife, leaving Rachel by herself.
There was no response. Rachel wasn't there. We found her at the restaurant, sitting around our usual table, joined by Barbara, Darin, Amanda and Bob.
"Hi Rachel," Tracy said as we approached the table. "How are you holding up?"
"I've been better," she replied. "But I'll be just fine."
The four of us went to grab some food and then joined the others around the table. As we sat down, Rachel was telling the group about her fight with Carl and her decision to stay.
"I really wanted to give this a chance," she said. "I really wanted our marriage to succeed. But I guess it's for the best. I wasn't happy. And neither was Carl."
Amanda gave her a friendly pat on her back. "You'll be alright," she said. "It will take time, but you'll be alright."
"I know I will," Rachel replied.
"Isn't it going to be weird for you here?" Tracy asked, trying to be as subtle as she could, "with happy couples all around you?"
"Are you referring to what the four of you were doing on the bungalow next to mine just a few minutes ago?" Rachel asked.
The four of us looked down. We were so focused on bringing back the passion to our own relationships that the thought that a broken-hearted woman was staying just behind the wall, a wall we knew for a fact had no acoustic insulation to speak of, had slipped our minds. As much as Kate and I felt ashamed, I believe Tracy and Oliver felt even more so. As returning customers to the resort, they were assigned sponsorship over their next-door newbie couple, Rachel and Carl. And thus, not only were they unable to prevent Carl from leaving, they added fuel to the fire by having loud passionate sex with us, just feet away from where she was picking up the pieces of her life.
"Cheer up," Rachel said with her sweet southern accent, as she saw the regret in our eyes. "I know I look that way, but I'm not made of cotton candy. I know people come here to experience things, and I don't expect you guys to walk on eggshells just because of me. On the contrary. I stayed here because I want to experience things myself. I believe you all know I had a bad marriage and very bad sex-life. I stayed here so I can experience things my husband was not able to provide me with."
We all looked at Rachel. I'm sure we all felt sorry for her. Not for breaking up her marriage, but for the years of suffering she must have had before this breakup. But at least for me, there was something else there. I also felt in awe of her. This petite, fragile-looking woman with a sweet, high pitch voice who came from traditional upbringing was now facing, by these standards, a colossal failure of her main mission in life. But she wasn't looking back. She was looking forwards, trying to take whatever life was willing to throw her way.
And life sure had some things planned.
====
"Speaking of new experiences," Amanda broke the silence, "do you guys know what this 'exposure workshop' is all about?"
Amanda was referring to the third and last workshop with Nadia which was about to start one hour later.
"Does 'exposure' mean what I think it means?" She asked.
"Well," Barbara replied with a smile, "it depends on what you think it means..."
"Do we..." Bob tried to refine his wife's question.
"The robes come off," Barbara said.
"Your robe came off on Tuesday's session," Kate noted, winking at Barbara.
"I know," she said, "but it's not the same thing. There is a lot of power in seeing some thirty people, all naked, doing stuff."
"Stuff?" Amanda asked. "You mean fucking?"
"I really shouldn't tell you guys," Barbara said. "It will take some of the pleasure out of it. If you ask me, the best workshop of the week was yesterday's 'trust workshop'. But this one is a close second."
The table went silent as people started to imagine what that session could be like. For me, personally, this thought resulted in some stiffness forming under my robe. At one point it was so intense that I feared my penis was going to just pop out of the robe.
I looked at Kate and wanted to divert her attention my erection, but she was looking away, at a table on the far end of the restaurant, around which Laura and Andie, the only lesbian couple at the resort were sitting by themselves.
"Do you think they'll be there?" Kate asked Barbara.
"I don't think so," Barbara said. "I believe this session only makes sense for heterosexual couples."
"I wanna fuck them," Kate said, quietly enough for them not to hear her, but loudly enough to make every eyeball around the table look right at her.
"What?" She asked as she saw everyone, including me, looking at her with astonishment. "I have heard about women who had some lesbian experience in college," she explained. "But I was a nerd. I went to college to study, and I did so all the way through law school, until I finally met Pete and then it was game over.
"If we are here to have new experiences, I want to experience lesbian sex. I want to go to their table and offer to join them next time they fuck."
If my erection wasn't already bad enough, it now felt ten times as bad. I tucked a hand inside the robe to move my penis aside, to avoid it from finding its way out of the robe.
"Is that what you really want?" I asked her.
She nodded.
"Then I want this for you," I said. "Not that you need my blessing."
She kissed me softly on my cheek. "Thank you," she said. "Not that I need your blessing."
I looked around the table. Everyone was smiling at Kate, including Rachel. In particular, both Rachel and Tracy had this look in their eyes that I interpreted as wishing they had the guts to do what Kate was about to do.
"Wish me luck," Kate said to all of us, and stood up.
====
We all followed Kate with our eyes as she walked towards the far side of the restaurant and stood by the lesbian couple's table. From where we were, we couldn't hear the conversation, but I'm writing it here based on Kate's recollection.
"Hi girls," Kate said.
"Hi girl," Laura replied. "How can we help you?"
"I wondered if you ever wanted someone to join you," Kate said, "you know, in bed..."
"Someone like you?" Andie asked in a skeptical voice.
"Someone like me," Kate replied.
Andie and Laura exchanged looks, after which Andie asked Kate, "Have you ever fucked a woman before?"
"No," Kate replied. "I want to experience that with you."
Andie scoffed. "Sorry," she said. "We don't do virgins."
"Virgin?" Kate protested. "I'm no virgin! Just this morning I fucked two of the gentlemen over at that table, and that doesn't even include my husband!"
Andie and Laura laughed. "But you said it yourself," Andie said, amused. "'Gentlemen'. You only fucked men till now. You are a lesbian virgin."
"Well," Kate said, deciding to play their game, "I am a virgin. And you guys will have the chance to deflower me."
"Sorry," Andie said in a cold voice. "Virgins are needy. I don't feel like holding your hand while you figure out how to work a clit."
"No problems," Kate said, "but you'll be missing this..."
As she said that, she opened the belt of her robe and allowed the whole thing to drop to the floor. Within one second, the restaurant became silent with everybody looking at Kate's exposed body.
As she was facing away from us, we could only see her back and her perfect ass. But the two women in front of her had a perfect view of Kate's amazing breasts and nicely groomed groin.
We could all see the shock in Andie and Laura's eyes as they were gazing at my wife's naked body. But Kate wasn't done with them.
"Oops," she said. "I dropped my robe." Then she turned around slowly, giving the lesbian couple a view of her ass and the rest of the twenty-something people at the restaurant, a complete frontal view of her body.
Then, slowly, she bended over to pick up her robe. She moved slowly, allowing Andie and Laura to view her labia popping up between her legs. Then, as she reached the robe, she slowly made her way up, allowing the people at the restaurant another look at her body before she turned back to the ladies, holding the robe in her hand.
"So," she asked. "What do you say?"
Andie and Laura exchanged looks once again.
"I guess," Andie said.
Laura smiled. "Andie and I have a private session with Nadia today at four. You can come if you want."
"You bet!" Kate said cheerfully. "I'll be there!"
Then Kate turned back, and made her way back towards our table. She took her time crossing the room, slowly putting her robe on. Her robe was still open as she sat down in her seat, next to me.
"I was just invited to a private session with Nadia and the lesbians," she bragged, as she was closing her robe.
"Nice!" Tracy said with apparent jealousy.
"But we're going to the 'exposure' session first," I asked. "Right?"
"I don't know," Kate said. "I think I should conserve my powers."
I was disappointed. The thought of Kate having sex with two lesbians was arousing for me, but so was Barbara's description of thirty naked people having sex. I wanted to have THAT experience.
Kate saw the disappointed in my eyes. "Why don't you go with Rachel," she asked. "That is, if Rachel wants to go."
Rachel's eyes lit up. She was just talking about wanting to have new experiences, and without a partner, today's workshop would have not been an option for her. Now, Kate's proposal gave her an opportunity.
"Sure," she said. "I'd love to go."
"Are you sure?" I asked Rachel. "These workshops are meant for couples, who are already intimate with one another. Aren't you afraid this is going to be weird?"
Rachel smiled at me. "Weirder than yesterday's session?" She asked. "When this nice fella was massaging me between my legs?" She gestured towards Oliver, who was her partner in Wednesday's "trust workshop". "Or Tuesday's workshop, where all of you were watching as Carl was trying to work a vibrator inside my robe?"
"I guess not," I said quietly.
"If there will be anything too weird there," she said, "for either of us, we'll just leave."
I nodded. Once again, I felt my penis trying to make its way out of the robe. This time it wasn't because of the session, but because of the woman who was about to join me there.
====
Back at the bungalow, Kate suggested I took a shower before the workshop. After all, I did not shower since the previous night, and had a lot of action that morning.
I took a quick shower and then put on a clean robe. When I got back to the bedroom, Kate lay down her Kindle and reached for the night-stand drawer, handing me a condom.
"What is it for?" I asked.
"You know what it's for," she replied. "For Rachel."
"She just broke up with her husband," I said. "It would be wrong of me to take advantage of that."
Kate smiled. "Always the gentleman," she said, wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on my cheek. "I know you think that way now, but later, you may think otherwise. Or not think at all..."
"I'm not going to have sex with her," I said.
Kate slid the condom in my robe pocket. "I know," she said. "But just in case. You know, so that she doesn't raise your baby."
====
I came early to the dojo, but Rachel was already there when I arrived. She sat on the mattress next to Amanda and Bob's, and was talking to them.
"Hi," I said as I reached them.
"Hi," the three of them replied.
Rachel got up and gestured towards the bean bag that was sitting behind the mattress. Like in previous sessions, the men were supposed to sit on the mattresses and to lean back on the bean bags. Once I did, Rachel came to sit at my lap, leaning on me.
"What were you talking about?" I asked her.
"I was telling them about Carl," Rachel said.
"I don't think I told you this in person," I said, "I'm really sorry about what you just went through."
"Thank you," she said.
"What were you talking about?" I asked, "If it's OK to ask..."
"Amanda was just telling me how badly her time with him was in yesterday's session," Rachel said.
"I know," I said quietly. "She told us."
I couldn't see Rachel's expression as I said it, but I don't think she was bothered by this fact.
"I told her it wasn't her fault," Rachel said. "He just isn't too much into anyone with a vagina."
"Oh," I said, realizing what Rachel's life must have been like.
"I was a virgin when I married him," she said, "and technically I remained a virgin months later. He always made excuses, blaming it on stress and on being tired, and then he implied he may have a physiological problem. But I knew it was nothing like that. When he was sleeping he would often get an erection, but he would wake up startled if I ever touched it. At one point I figured it out."
"Why didn't you break up?" I asked. "Why didn't he come out of the closet?"
"You know where we come from," she explained. "Where we come from, you don't just break up a marriage because you're not attracted to each other. And you sure as hell don't come out of no closets. His job was to provide for me and for our children, and my job is to provide him with those children. It's as simple as that. Nobody cares if you're attracted to one another. The only passion you need to have in life is passion for the Almighty."
I sighed. Life for, as Barbara had put it earlier that day, "big city liberals" like Kate and myself sometimes seems complicated, and we sometimes envy religious people for having everything figured out. But hearing Rachel's story I realized how lucky Kate and I were to have been born to a secular, liberal society, where the search for personal happiness is a sacred value.
I hugged her, placing my hands on her belly. She placed her soft hands on mine, letting me know she liked my touch.
"And did you?" I asked. "Did you provide him with children?"
"No," she said in a broken voice. "I know it makes me a bad Christian, and probably a bad person, but I didn't.
"Look, I want to be a mother more than anything. But not like that. Not with Carl. I knew that if I had children, those children would have locked me into this marriage and I would never be able to find happiness. So when he got pills to fix his imaginary problem and we started having sex once a month, for the sake of making babies, I made sure this once a month fell on time when a baby would never come out."
"How did you pull that off?" I asked. "Didn't he ever notice?"
"As you can understand," she said, "he never took interest in what was going on between my legs."
"But didn't he say anything when you didn't get pregnant for..."
"Seven years," she answered the question I didn't ask. "He wanted us to start treatments," she said. "But I told him the first question they would ask was how often do we have sex. You see, I had my secret to keep, but so did he."
I had a million questions for her, but my time to ask them was up as Nadia entered the dojo.
====
"Hi everyone," Nadia said, "and welcome to the third and last workshop of this week, the exposure work..."
Her eyes locked at Rachel and me.
"Hi," she said. "You know this workshop is for couples, right?"
"I'm sorry," Rachel said, taking responsibility. "My husband left me this morning. I asked Pete to join me here if that's OK."
Nadia looked at Rachel, at me and then at Rachel again. Then she said, "OK, that's find. You can stay. But if, for any reason, you feel this session is too much for you, please don't ruin it for the rest of us. Just leave quietly."
"Sure," Rachel said. "We will."
"OK people," Nadia turned to the whole group. "Sorry about that. Welcome to the exposure workshop. I see that you are all in your ready stance, holding your partners, which is great. But now I want you to stand up and face each other."
Rachel and I got up and faced each other, as Nadia instructed.
"Now I want you to hold each other," she said, "and share a long, passionate kiss."
I looked at Rachel, not sure what I was supposed to do.
"You can kiss me if you want," she said, laying a soft hand on my cheek.
I tried to see this from her perspective. She spent seven years of her life with a man who wasn't attracted to her. Although I was sure they had kissed many times, this was never a kiss of true passion. In her eyes I saw the desire to experience a real kiss, by someone who would appreciate her for what she was, a truly beautiful and sexy woman.
I wanted her to have that. I wanted her to experience a passionate kiss by someone who was truly attracted to her. But at that point in time, I wasn't that. As attracted as I was to her in general, after hearing her sad story I could not think about her in a sexual way. All I could think about was how sorry I was for her misfortune, and how much I admired her for her strength.
But she, in her sweet and kind way, was persistent. Seeing my hesitation, she moved her hand from my cheek to the back of my head, and slowly brought me to her lips, for a soft kiss.
Her lips were warm and wet. She had tears in her eyes that smeared on my cheek. My heart started racing. Suddenly, her sad story was no longer on my mind. Just her soft lips and my hunger for them.
We broke that kiss and looked at each other. I couldn't wait to go back to her lips for another kiss, but wanted to make sure the feelings were mutual. Looking at her, I knew they were.
I leaned forward for another kiss. This time it was longer and more passionate. I even felt her tongue reaching for mine. She wrapped her hands around me and I wrapped mine around her, feeling the warmth of her body pressing against mine. Down below my belt, an old friend came back for a visit.
====
"OK, people," Nadia interrupted our kiss, "I see a lot of passion here, that's great! But you should save some for later. Now, I want you to turn around and face the center of the room, forming a circle. You can hold hands with your partners if you want."
We did as Nadia instructed. I didn't know what was the right thing to do with regards to holding hands, but Rachel took my hand, making the decision for me.
"And now," Nadia said, "we get to the 'exposure' part of this workshop."
My heart raced. I looked at Rachel and she seemed anxious too.
"Hank," Nadia turned to the older African American man. "This must be your, what, ninth exposure workshop? Can you please show the rest of the group what we do here?"
"Sure thing," Hank replied, smiling at Nadia. "Hi," he said to the group, "I'm Hank."
"Now we all say, 'Hi Hank,'" Nadia said.
"Hi Hank," everyone said.
Then, Hank dropped his robe to the floor, exposing his large, erect penis.
"Now we all say, 'You're beautiful, Hank,'" Nadia said.
"You're beautiful, Hank," we all said.
Suddenly, I started to laugh uncontrollably. I wasn't the only one.
"Hey, people," Nadia said, "I know this is hard. Exposing yourselves is hard. It can be highly embarrassing. But just like so many other things we did this week, we are here to learn how to do this, leaving the negative feelings of shame and embarrassment behind us. This little ritual, although it may seem silly to some of you, is an important piece of this process. So I ask you to be respectful and to do your part."
I exchanged looks with Rachel. She was smiling, but was able to control herself. I tried to figure out what she was thinking about. She was obviously nervous about exposing her body in front of all of us. But I could feel she wasn't going to let this nervousness get the better of her. She knew what she was getting into, and she was about to see it through.
"Hi," said Hank's wife. "I'm Carol."
"Hi Carol," we replied.
Then Carol removed her robe, revealing her fallen breasts, flat belly and untrimmed pubic hair.
"You're beautiful, Carol," we all said.
Barbara was next, revealing her enormous breasts, large belly and blond bush to the rest of us.
"You're beautiful, Barbara," we all said. When I said it, I really meant it.
Darin, Barbara's husband was next, exposing his hairy chest and moderately-sized penis.
"You're beautiful, Darin," we all said.
Oliver was next. His large penis was erect as he removed his robe.
I looked at Rachel and saw her eyes lighting up as she saw his penis. One day earlier, when Rachel was paired with Oliver, she gave him a hand-job. But that was inside his robe. Now she had a chance to see him out in the open.
"You're beautiful, Oliver" we all said, and I knew Rachel really meant it.
Tracy was next. revealing her medium-sized, slightly conic breasts and completely shaved labia.
"You're beautiful, Tracy," we all said.
Bob was next. He was short, almost completely bald and slightly overweight. His erect penis, just like him, was short and wide. But I could see Rachel's eyes opening up as she saw it.
"You're beautiful, Bob," we all said.
Amanda was next. She had a truly amazing body. Her breasts were large, but nicely shaped. Her belly was relatively flat, and her pubic hair was trimmed beautifully, covering nothing but her slit.
"You're beautiful, Amanda," we all said.
Next, it was my turn.
"Hi," I said, "I'm Pete."
"Hi Pete," I heard people all around me saying.
Earlier that day I exposed my body in front of our small group of friends when we were at the Turkish bath together. But now I was in front of many more people, most of whom I didn't know. I looked at Rachel who smiled at me. That would also be the first time she would see me naked. I closed my eyes and let the robe drop to the floor.
"You're beautiful, Pete," I heard Rachel saying, her eyes staring at my erect penis. I know other people were saying that too, but they didn't interest me as much.
"Hi," Rachel finally said, "I'm Rachel."
"Hi Rachel," we all said.
Rachel looked right into my eyes as she opened the belt of her robe. She smiled at me as she slowly opened the robe and finally, let it drop to the floor.
She had an amazing body. Her fist-sized breasts were topped with small, pink nipples embedded inside quarter-sized areaolas. Her small breasts were in perfect proportion to her petite, slim body. Between her legs, her nicely-trimmed triangle of hazel hair was thin enough to let me, and everyone else in the room, see her small labia peeking from underneath.
"You're beautiful, Rachel," I said directly to her, and the flagpole erecting from my crotch let her know I was being honest.
====
One by one, every man and woman around the circle removed their robes. Young, old, thin, fat, hairy, shaved, large, small. We've seen them all. And we've told every single one of them how beautiful they were. Because they really were.
At the end, the only person wearing something to her body was Nadia, wearing her red silk robe.
"You are all so beautiful," she said softly, moving around the circle, looking at each and every one of us.
At that point I was thinking if she was about to take her robe off as well. I really wanted her to. It wasn't that there weren't enough naked women around me. I was standing between two amazingly sexy women and there were more further away. But somehow, when you are deprived of something, you want it more.
But she didn't. The red silk robe remained on her body. But it was thin enough to show every feature of her body. The exact shape of her large breasts, her erect nipples and even her large areolas. Her flat belly, her firm thighs and at times, her hairless labia.
"Now, people," she said, "I want you to turn back to your partners and kiss them. Just like you did before, but without the robe. I want each of you to feel your partner's naked body pressed against yours, like you would when you are in bed with them, by yourselves. I want you to feel as comfortable here as you would in your own bedroom."
Rachel and I exchanged looks. I was craving for her lips and she seemed eager for mine. I lowered myself to her and kissed her once again on her lips, trying to avoid touching her body as much as I could.
But then she wrapped her hands around me, pressing her body against mine. I felt my penis pressing against her belly and her hard nipples pressing against my chest as her hot, wet lips met mine.
I wrapped my hands around her back, but she broke the kiss and asked, "Hold me lower."
I lowered my hands to her lower back while kissing her again, but she broke the kiss once more and whispered, "Lower."
I moved my hands further lower, and grabbed her small, firm ass. Rachel sighed softly as she felt my touch. She moved slightly up and down, rubbing my erection against her body.
"Do you want me?" She asked.
"Yes," I answered simply.
"How much?" She insisted.
"You can feel how much," I said, gesturing at my penis.
Rachel didn't respond. She just went back to kissing me, until Nadia interrupted us.
====
"Now, people," she said, "I want you to join hands with your partners, and start walking around the room together, looking at other couples. I want you to really look. I want you to see them for what they really are. All their beauty. All their imperfection. And if you find them attractive, I want you to tell them. Don't hold back. Use your own words. Don't be shy."
Rachel and I exchanged looks. "Are you ready for this?" I asked her.
"Sure," she said, as if it was nothing. "You'll be there, with me..."
We held hands and started walking around the room, as all other couples did.
First, Rachel and I walked around our friends who were standing next to us. They all looked at us, as we did at them, but nobody said anything, except for Tracy who stroked my penis gently and said, "Nice boner," and looked right at Rachel. She didn't have to say it. She knew exactly how I got it.
Then, as we started walking further, we walked among people we didn't know. Most people were older than us, mostly in their forties. I could feel how aroused the men got when they had a chance to look at Rachel up close. I looked at her to check if she was bothered by this. She didn't seem too bothered.
Then, one of the men said, "nice tits" as he and his wife walked past us.
"Thank you," Rachel said in a shy voice.
Then, just seconds later, another couple who were within hearing distance of the first one as the man had complimented Rachel, passed by us. As they did, the man said, "nice pussy."
This time it took Rachel a second or two to respond, but she did with the same sweet voice she always used. "Thank you," she said. "Nice dick!"
After that couple had moved away, Rachel looked at me. She had a naughty grin on her face. I guess she wasn't used to talking dirty, surely not to strangers. But I guess she liked it.
I kissed her softly on her forehead and we continued our trip around the room.
====
"Now, people," Nadia said, "I want you to part way with your partners and walk about the room by yourselves. I want you to still look at other people, their beauty, their imperfection, but this time, as an individual, not as two halves of a couple."
I looked at Rachel to make sure she was up to this, able and willing to handle everyone's looks and comments without having me by her side. Her smile assured me she was.
I gave her one last kiss on her forehead and we parted ways.
"Now people," Nadia said as we were walking around the room, "when I clap my hand I want each of you to find the closest person of the opposite sex and stand in front of them. Then, with their consent, I want you to kiss them, just like you did your partners a short while ago. Be sensitive about what your kissing partner wants. Go slowly and gently, and you won't be wrong."
Somehow, as Nadia was saying that, I couldn't shake the thought of Rachel being kissed and touched by some stranger. I knew this was silly. Had that been Kate, the thought of her sharing a kiss with some naked middle-aged man we didn't know wouldn't have bothered me one bit. If anything, this thought would have aroused me. But for some reason I could not understand, I felt much more protective over Rachel. Maybe even jealous.
So when Nadia clapped her hand, instead of looking for the closest woman, my eyes went around the room looking for Rachel.
"Howdy," I heard Barbara's deep voice as she stood in front of me. "Looking for your girlfriend?"
"No," I said quietly, feeling a bit ashamed. "Sorry."
Barbara wrapped her soft hands around me and brought me to her for a kiss. This wasn't our first kiss. We shared a kiss just that morning, in my bungalow, as Kate and I were experiencing having sex with another couple for the first time. But this time Barbara and I were both completely naked.
Placing one hand on my ass, she squeezed me towards her, pressing my chest against her large breasts and my erection against her fat belly. I could feel her untrimmed pubic hair tickling my balls.
She kissed me passionately, with a lot of tongue. She was a good kisser and she seemed to have also enjoyed my kiss. As I was kissing her, my thoughts were with Rachel, wondering who she was kissing, and how it went.
"OK," Nadia said. "Now go on moving around the room, looking at you naked peers."
I broke my kiss with Barbara and we went our separate ways. The next time Nadia clapped her hands, the woman who was next to me was a middle-aged woman I did not know. I took Nadia's advice to go slowly and gently, and so did that woman. We ended up kissing softly, only our lips touching. Although there wasn't much passion there, the kiss did feel nice. It was weird how something as intimate as a kiss could be shared among people who didn't know each other's names.
As we started walking again, I saw Rachel walking past me. We exchanged smiles and she blew me a kiss. I really wanted Nadia to clap and allow me to kiss her once more, but I knew this would miss the point of this exercise.
When Nadia finally clapped, Carol was the closest woman to me.
"Your honor," I said instinctively, knowing she was a judge.
"Are you a lawyer?" She asked, placing her hands on my arms.
"I plead the fifth," I said.
Carol laughed. "Here I'm not a judge, and you are not a lawyer. We are just two people, a man and a woman, standing naked in front of each other."
I reached forwards and found her lips. She pressed me towards her, pressing my chest against her fallen breasts. Her kiss was full of passion, but yet, not overwhelming. She used very little tongue, just slightly touching my lips with its tip. I tried to follow her lead but fell behind. She was a great kisser.
====
"OK, people," Nadia said, interrupting my kiss with Carol. "It's time for you to go back to your partners and to your mattresses."
I looked around the room and found Rachel leaving Oliver's arms, starting to make her way towards our mattress.
I went there too, and caressed her on her arm as we both got there.
"How was it?" I asked.
"It was nice," she said briefly.
"Now," Nadia continued as we all stood in front of our mattresses, "I want you all to get back to your ready stance, men leaning on the bean bags, women leaning on their men, but this time I want you to remain without your robes."
Hesitantly, I sat down at the far end of the mattress, and leaned back on the bean bag. My penis stood like a flag pole, but I knew that at this point, Rachel was already used to it.
I spread my legs to allow her to sit down. As she did, my penis squeezed against her back. She moved her hips from side to side to let me know she felt it, and that she liked what she felt.
I lay my hands on her belly, at a safe distance from both her groin and her breasts. But she took my hands and softly placed them on her tits.
"That's much better," she whispered.
I was speechless, but my sigh let her know I liked her gesture very much.
"I see many of you have already started touching your partners," Nadia said. "That's very good. It means you are comfortable with your bodies and with your intimacy. Feel free to kiss your partner and touch them in whatever way you like. Just please do so while facing the center of the circle so you could see everyone else, and everyone else could see you."
In front of me, women I didn't know started spreading their legs, allowing their men to reach between them and pleasure them, all while giving the rest of us generous views of their vaginas.
I gently pushed Rachel forward to allow myself access to the back of her neck, and kissed her there while still cupping her breasts. She sighed softly, letting me know she liked my kisses, but then she gently pushed me back, lying back on top of me, and started to move one of my hands down her body, placing it on her groin.
I played with her pubic hair between my fingers as she was working up the courage for the next step, spreading her legs.
Nadia walked around the room, looking at the naked couples around her touching one another. When she reached us, she stopped and just stood in front of Rachel and me, looking at us.
I don't know what went on in her head, but the moment Rachel spread her legs in front of her, Nadia let out a soft sigh, leading me to believe, she was aroused.
Then I reached down with my fingers and found Rachel's clit. Nadia observed my finger running in circles around Rachel's clit while pressing her hand against her own groin, through the thin fabric of her robe. As she did that, I saw stains forming around her thighs. These stains could not have come from anything other than her own juices flowing under her robe.
Then, as she saw we have noticed her arousal, she moved on to observe other couples.
====
Rachel was soaking wet, but she didn't have much patience for my fingering. She rolled in place, and lay prone on top of me.
Then she started kissing me passionately. Just like before, her kisses were wet and hot. But unlike before, this time I knew she was extremely aroused. Her small nipples were erect and were pressing hard against my chest. Her pubic hair was soaking and she spread her wetness on my penis as she pressed her crotch against it.
Rachel started moving her pelvis up and down, pressing her labia against my erection, sighing in the process. She was kissing me here and there, but now most of her energy went into her lower body.
"I want you to fuck me," she said, panting.
At that point I realized Kate was right to give me that condom. As much as I knew having sex with Rachel was the wrong thing to do, at that point in time there was nothing I wanted more. The only concern I had was that if I got my penis inside her, chances were I would have gotten her pregnant.
Good thing I had a good, wise wife, who had equipped me with a condom. The condom was in the pocket of my robe, but the robe was lying on the floor in front of the mattress, just behind Rachel. I wanted to excuse myself to get it, but Rachel seemed too much into her dance with my penis, that I couldn't bring myself to interrupt her.
And then, suddenly, Rachel stopped. She crashed on me, placing her chin on my shoulder and her face on the bean bag.
I wrapped my hands around her back, not knowing what was going on. Then I felt her body twitching. She twitched once, and then another time after a few seconds. It was just then that I realized she was weeping.
I held her firmly to my body and kissed her softly on her temple. We lay this was for a few long minutes until she calmed down.
Around us, couples started having sex. Penises were moving in and out of vaginas. Breasts were bouncing up and down. This was the sight I had imagined back during lunch, when Barbara was talking about this workshop. This was the thing I wanted to experience. But in that particular moment, all the sex around me, all the sighing and moaning I heard, it all passed by me as if it was noise. All I cared about in that moment was the brave young woman I was holding in my hands.
As she calmed down, she rolled off of me and squeezed besides me on the mattress, lying on her side, facing me. With her hand, she reached for my penis which was now no bigger than a large peanut.
"I'm sorry," she said, still having tears in her throat. "You're missing all the fun because of me."
I turned to lay on my side, in front of her, and caressed her softly on her arm. "There is nothing I'd rather do right now other than holding you," I told her, looking straight into her eyes.
====
The session was soon over. Rachel and I wore our robes and headed outside. As we were walking the trail south, we started to talk.
I told her that both Kate and I were lawyer, and that we were both highly connected. I said that if she needed anything, legal or otherwise, we were both there for her.
She gave me her word she would call us if she ever needed anything, but assured me she would be alright, with or without help.
Finally, we have arrived at Rachel's bungalow.
"Do you want to come inside?" She asked as she reached for the door.
"I don't think it would be a good idea," I said quietly.
Rachel let go of the door knob and lay a soft hand on my shoulder. "I promise not to cry this time," she said. "Maybe just a little, if you make me cum really hard."
"I want to," I said. "I really do, but I shouldn't. We shouldn't."
She kissed me softly on my lips and pushed her hand inside my robe, feeling the erection that was forming there once again.
"Are you sure?" She asked, caressing my erection.
"I'm sure," I said.
Then she pulled her hand out of my robe.
"Thank you," she said.
"For what?" I asked.
"For being a good friend," she said. "For being there when I needed you. And for being a perfect gentleman. Maybe too perfect..."
I smiled and kissed her on her cheek. "Goodbye, Rachel," I said.
Rachel once again reached for her door, but before she opened it she turned back to me and asked, "Are Kate and you coming to the prom tomorrow?"
"I think so," I said. "We haven't talked about it..."
"So maybe then," she said.
"Yeah," I replied. "Maybe then."