Subway Slut 4 - Rescue© Literocat 2011
"Haaaaaa ha haaa! OK, we're done. She'll never pull her, ummm SHIT, again. Haaaaa! Hope you guys all enjoyed it. Time to clean up and split. Roll her up in the sheet and then in the carpet. No need to mess up the van." We saw them roll her up and start cleaning themselves up. Nixon told me to check Sue's email for details on where to find her. He gleefully, no maniacally shouted that the viewers had exceeded 126,000 then turned off the camera.
"Why aren't your men there already? I want these pricks skinned alive."
"They rebounced the transmission and sent us to the wrong address - twice. We think we have them now." They didn't have them. The pricks rolled Sue over to a chute and dumped her down to a big trash bin. Several minutes later, they retrieved her and drove her to a mall. The main mall was closed until morning, but the foyer with the ATM and vending machines was open. Apparently they had really put some thought into this disaster. After they all donned cotton gloves over their latex ones, FDR painted the mall's interior entry doors, the lenses on the ATM camera and the foyer security camera, then signaled for the others. They carried Sue into the foyer before unrolling her from the carpet and sheet. JFK put a one foot-cubed box in the ATM corner, but against one of the four exterior doors. He ran a triple wire from the box along the glass bottom of the doors and duct taped them to the first three so they were still visible from outside. FDR glued vibration sensors to the glass doors and ran a fine wire to the triple wire near the ground. Bush taped a two-page document to the first door. The VERY BIG BOLD title on the first page said'Cock teasing slut'and then proceeded to list all of Sue's offenses.
A third page, taped below the others, was labeled'WARNING, BOMB'. It went on to say they didn't want anyone hurt, but they wanted Susan Paler punished and humiliated like the old days, in a public square. It warned that a timer would disable the bomb in 24 hours, at 1am the next day. Any tampering, glass cutting or breaking, or attempts to remove the slut from the door would set off the bomb. They warned that trying to cover her would also set off the vibration sensors. The interior doors are not affected and the mall would otherwise be safe to use.
After applying rubber cement to her barely cleaned thighs, tits and the right side of her face, JFK looped a single wrap of fine wire around Sue's wrists and let each run to the ground. Bush taped over her wrists and the wires while FDR ran a fine wire against the sticky side of a 6 foot run of tape. Nixon securely taped Sue's wrists and ankles to the corners of the third door and pressed her naked form to the glass. JFK wrapped the loose end of each wrist wire to each ankle and taped over them. Finally, he wrapped the ends of each fine wire around the triple wire at the bottom of the door and taped over that too. At first glance, the doors and Sue were wired to the bomb in the corner. They hoped the dummy bomb would stall the bomb squad long enough to get the media to the mall.
"Isn't this MUCH better than letting her walk home a few miles naked? Now she'll be on national news for a few hours - naked and covered in our shit. Maybe we should clean up her face so they know who she is? Yeah, let's."
The FBI finally honed in on the true 'studio' location. It was in a condemned building, two doors from an internet café site. They simply paid cash for three hours of inet time and used some gizmo to scramble and rebroadcast their signal. Though the room was empty, the FBI gathered every tiny bit of forensic evidence. There wasn't much since they'd confined everything to the bed sheet or carpet and took those with them before bleaching the floor. Very clever, ....except for the cell phone they left behind.
Too late, Nixon realized he'd forgotten the phone. True, it was Sue's phone so not traceable to him. He also forgot that he used it before putting on gloves. Good news, he wiped it down. Bad news, he missed a key on the keypad.
Before leaving the 'bomb', Nixon emptied an M80's powder into the box so a sniffer would detect the explosive. He also set the trigger for the final surprise. They put the ball gag back in Sue's mouth and ran a fine wire around it and to her wrist so she couldn't tell them it was all fake. After wiping the rest of her face clean, they took the carpet and sheet and waved goodbye to poor Sue. A few miles from the mall, they turned onto an unused dirt road. A mile into the wooded road, they found a shallow ditch and tossed the wrappings into it before dousing them with gas and burning them. They drove off, secure they were safe.
07:15 a.m.: (twelve hours after the kidnaping) When the mall guard noticed the interior door had been painted over, he cautiously peeked thru the gap between doors. When he got to the third door, he could see a slim body tapped to the outer doors. It was naked and had a beautiful female ass attached to some first class legs. He wanted to rush in and umm, ...examine her, but this was too odd. Instead he went to another entrance and walked back to the still locked one. From the lot, he could see she was securely taped to the doors, but also wired to them. The front of her body was crusted in some dark brown matter, but he could still see she was naked. When he approached and read the signs, he called for police and the bomb squad.
The police arrived at 07:35, just five minutes after the local TV news who always monitored police bands. The mall guards couldn't keep them from sneaking several clear shots of the signs and the naked woman, whom, after reading the accusations, they glibly dubbed the Auburn Letter Lady. They featured her in a BREAKING NEWS segment and initially blurred out her best bits. A reporter read the accusations letter on the air, just leaving out Sue's name. Their lawyers said that as long as her nipple and pubic transition areas were covered, it was legal to air her body as she was. So they did, many times. That photo broke nationally. Somehow, a clear, un-pixilated version found its way onto many inet sites within minutes. That photo of her naked wide spread body would haunt her for the rest of her life. Police moved ALL the media to a 'safe' distance, but it was too late for Sue. As planned, she was national news. The FBI and I were watching her email box for instructions when an agent got a call to turn on the local TV news.
The bomb squad arrived ten minutes later. They looked at the 'bomb' and wires for just five minutes before deciding it was fake. But safety rules forced them to check and 'safe' the bomb. They sniffed it and read the explosive. X-rays revealed a switch, battery and some dubious wires. They cut thru the side of the box and got a loud POP from a cap popper. When they lifted the top, a red and white flag sprung up, readingBOOM.They were not amused. After cutting Sue free and keeping all evidence, they covered her stench and took her to a hospital. The FBI took me to the hospital and took jurisdiction. They found the print in CODIS, thanks to a prior assault. By 3 p.m., some twenty hours after Sue was released and just FIVE hours after she arrived at the hospital, an FBI SWAT team hit Nixon's home hard.
The four men were gleefully watching and reliving the recorded inet feed of their exploits, jerking off in a tight circle. Before they could fully stand or even release their dicks, they were overrun and cuffed. Local TV had again followed and had clean shots of the four 'suspects' leaving, their dicks still exposed. Too bad they had to blur them out. They were eventually convicted of multiple offenses and will be in prison for many years.
Sue had minor physical injuries despite the great pain. Syphilis and gonorrhea were cured in due time. Her sphincter needed two weeks to heal from the tears. Everything else was healed in a few days. Except for the herpes, the gift that gives forever. After this horrible experience, she said she really did learn her lesson and would be forever truthful with me and very careful if she ever flashed anyone again. She said she always wanted me nearby if she ever got the urge again. 'SAFETY FIRST'. Taking an 'enlightened' approach, she said that maybe she needed the harsh experience to really get her to understand consequences. She never suspected how dangerous her exhibitionism could be.
Four weeks after her heartfelt, sincere promises, a coworker who had been at the party and stayed to the end, called to tell me he saw Sue exposing herself on a subway again. He had a cell phone video of her crumpling her loose dress into a belt above her navel and walking the cars 'naked' to find her next victim. Sadly, some people just can't learn a lesson.
===================================
/\_/\( ~ ~ )> * < Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks....
=========== 1642 words == Submitted 12/6/11