Note: SPI is my favorite place on this planet. Join me for our inaugural National Nude Day celebration, even if it's only online here.
----------
Walking onto the patio overlooking my favorite beach in Texas, I am greeted by a most unexpected sight: a naked woman on the patio next to mine. Unexpected not because we are five stories up, but because this is Texas and nudity is not often seen in public. At least in all my years of coming here, totally nude women are not common.
"Good morning and Happy July 14th." She greets me.
"Good morning." I reply, trying not to stare.
"I see the shock in your face. My husband has delivered flyers to all the rooms. You should find it on the floor by your door." She tells me. "It will explain a lot."
I leave the balcony, and sure enough, find a white piece of paper on the floor just inside the door to our suite. Picking it up, I see it's an invitation of sorts. We are cordially invited by the Sand Dollar HOA to take part in National Nude Day. This sounds like fun. Not wasting a moment, I shed my shorts and shirt and walk back onto the balcony.
"Oh, I see you have accepted our invite." The woman tells me with approving eyes.
"Well, of course. So, tell me about this. I've never heard of it." I inquire.
"First, today is July 14, or National Nude Day. We like to celebrate it every year a little farther up the island where the road ends. This year, after acquiring the last of the condos to give us majority ownership, we decided to celebrate here, or at least start here."
"Judging by your lack of tanlines, I'm guessing you are naked more than just once a year. You look terrific, if you don't mind my saying. How does majority ownership help you do this?" I ask.
"Thank you, of course. We spend a lot of time on the north side of the island. In fact, we'll be going there today if you want to come along. We tried to buy the entire building, but city code wouldn't allow it. So, we skirted the rules a little, and bought a few more units to give us majority ownership of the building. There are 50 units, and we now own 30. It makes for a nice income, and we can sponsor parties here all we want." She tells me.
"I bet my wife wouldn't mind going up north. We have been coming here for over 30 years. We've never been off road where the road ends." I respond.
"Honey?" I hear from behind me. "What are you doing out, naked, and talking to that woman?"
I walk in and hand my wife the flyer. "We've been invited to hang out with our neighbor today. It's National Nude Day."
"Welp. There goes my surprise for you." She tells me, and walks onto the balcony.
"This is my wife, Bonnie. I was so busy admiring you, I forgot to ask you your name." I tell the woman on the next balcony.
"I'm Julie. My husband James should be out momentarily." Julie tells us.
"I'm Zoo, and I think we're both up for some fun today."
"I had actually planned on getting naked for Zoo today, either at the pool, or on the beach. You don't see anyone topless here, much less naked." Bonnie tells her. And with that, she strips off her nightshirt and shorts and hugs me.
"Happy National Nude Day to me, for sure." I say as I receive Bonnie's body into my arms. "But how did you think you could get nude on the beach?"
"I hadn't worked out any details, just a few ideas to try. I wasn't sure if I was brave enough, especially if there's lots of families."
"I bet we can help with that, since you look like you have the hang of the most important part." Julie tells us. "We can head up the beach right now while the waves are good for James..."
James interrupts Julie as he walks out of their condo, also completely nude. We must be quite the contrast for anyone looking: James and Julie are both tanned all over, while we are almost completely pale with noticeable tanlines.
"I see our invitation has been accepted. As HOA president, I welcome you to the Sand Dollar National Nude Day celebration." James tells us. "However, the most important part of the day is happening right now, here at 6am. Surf's up!!! Grab your towel, and meet us downstairs. We'll head up North to surf and boogieboard while the waves are tasty."
"Do you think he meant 'just a towel'?" Bonnie asks me as we go inside.
"I guess. We shouldn't keep them waiting." I reply. Bonnie and I grab towels, wrapping them around our bodies, and head downstairs.
"See. I told you they knew what to do." Julie says, high-fiveing James. She is still naked, standing in front of a truck which already has some surfboards and boogie boards in the bed.
Ensuring we are sitting on a towel, the four of us head up North on Padre Boulevard. The roads are quiet, and the surf looks really nice this early in the morning as the sun has already begun to rise over the Gulf of Mexico. I have always loved sunrises here since my first experience here in 76. That year, even as I was becoming a teenager, I learned how the waves beckon. As the island developed over the years, the crystal clear Gulf water here has been my favorite. It's rare to find the crappy conditions you see along the upper Texas coast. Even as the Gulf turns to bathwater in late August, Padre holds a spell over me.
While Bonnie remains wrapped in her towel, Julie never quite put hers on. I think she only wrapped up a little just to get seated. With the window open, her hair billows freely into her headrest. I reach over to Bonnie and stroke the back of her hair, then let my hand fall onto her shoulders. From here, I begin the careful manipulation of her towel so it will fall down off her chest. She doesn't wait, and slides the towel down into her lap, exposing her wonderful tits. The sun shines through her window onto her bare skin.
Near the end of the paved road is the entrance to a park. Upon entering the park, we head straight for the sand.
"We've never driven on the beach. How does this work?" I ask James.
"In about an hour, park rangers will drive around to conduct a head count. Then, when they open the park, they will monitor and limit cars to a certain amount. Padre Island National Seashore is currently operating at 50% capacity in our post-quarantine world. Once I get to the wet sand, we drive another 15 minutes north.
You won't be able to miss the 'nude' part of Padre. No one will be wearing anything and we'll just be surfing until we get hungry." James tells us.
Turning back to us, Julie's tits fill my gaze. "We'll head back to eat and party all day. As long as we stay in the complex, we'll be left alone. But, I have a few ideas on how to get Bonnie here onto the beach and uncovered." She catches my stare, but seems to enjoy my eyes all over her.
And there it is, just like the legends say. A huge dead piece of driftwood to our left is emblazoned with the word, 'nude'. We have arrived where inhibitions disappear, as do the park rangers. I had heard about this, but never believed it to be true. But here we are, and I couldn't be happier.
"Well, this is a pleasant surprise addition to my impromptu plans for you today." Bonnie tells me.
"I never would have believed you if you told me we would be riding up North of SPI, nude nonetheless, to go surfing." I reply with a smile. "How did you think you would surprise me today?"
"I had hoped for walk on the beach nude for you, right outside the condo. This is a great start, and I still plan on going nude there. Now, it's just a matter of anticipation."
"Oh, we'll get you naked for sure." Julie interjects. "We may start off together, but you'll definitely have some alone time out there."
"Surf, or boogie?" James asks as we park about 30 yards from the surf. I can see some smoldering bonfires close to the dunes and the familiar bob of surfers heads in the water are 50 yards out in the water.
"Julie, can you give me some surfing pointers? Zoo tried, but I never quite got the hang of it." Bonnie asks her.
"Sure. Zoo, I'll need your help so we can get out in the water quickly."
James hands us the two boards, and we walk close to the water and lay them down.
"Okay, first, the boards are freshly waxed. Go ahead and lay down on the board." Julie directs. "Zoo, stand on the other side. You'll need to help position Bonnie's ass so she doesn't stand too straight up."
As Julie directs Bonnie to first kneel as she gets up, then keep her knees bent as she turns with her back to me, I get ready to hold her ass in place.
"Good. You want your chest directly over your feet, and keep your knees bent." Julie tells her while holding Bonnie's tits. I grab Bonnie's ass and hold it in place with my left hand. I take the opportunity to insert my right fingers into her pussy.
"They say surfing is better than sex. The waves make you feel just like this." Julie tells Bonnie as she hears her moans in pleasure.
"If I don't cum here, I'll most definitely cum with the waves hitting my pussy while everyone watches." Bonnie agrees as she moves around on the board while Julie explains positioning and balance.
"Why not do both?" I ask, and begin rubbing her pussy with all my fingers. I use my left hand to spread her ass even more to penetrate her asshole with that index finger. The effect is instantaneous and groundbreaking for both of us. We have never shared each other with anyone, let along on a beach during a surfing lesson.
Bonnie places her hands on her knees, and begins moving her entire body slowly to the rhythm of both my hands and Julie's touch on her breasts. I can feel her body quiver, and my cock hardens as I watch her.
"Right there." I hear from Bonnie, and her body slows with the impending orgasmic crescendo. "Don't move."
I stop my hands right where they are, and Bonnie relaxes her entire body so she can feel the orgasm shoot through her.
"We are going to have some fun with this lady all day, aren't we?" Julie asks.
"If this is any indication, National Nude Day will become quite the tradition in our sex life." I say, smiling as we watch Bonnie cum a few more times while still standing on the board.
For now, it's time to surf. The waves are refreshing, and Bonnie spends more time on top of the board this time than the last time I taught her how to surf. The still-cool Gulf water and morning air take care of my hardened cock. Watching my naked wife surf is still a tremendous sight, and we spend a good hour in the water before switching gear.
Now on the board, I can stand see Bonnie's ass as she rides the waves on the boogie board. I enter the water quite willingly as she distracts me from the fine-tuned balancing act required of surfing. After 30 minutes or so, I ride in and sit on the sand just where the water breaks. I love to watch Bonnie's tits here as her nipples appear, then disappear under the active waves.
She soon joins me, sitting next to me.
"This is so perfect for so many reasons." Bonnie says as she spreads her legs to welcome the water into her shaved pussy. Leaning back, I can tell round number two is going to be awesome. Bonnie turns her head to me, and we begin kissing. The waves continue to hit her just right, and I refuse to stop kissing her. The result is yet another climatic tensing of her entire body for another orgasm.
"30 years, and we've never been here? How is that possible?" Bonnie asks as I help her to her feet.
"We may only come to this beach from now on." I reply, as we walk to the truck. I could use some breakfast now.
"Let's go eat. We have the poolside grills ready to go." James tells us as we load up our gear.
The ride back is quick, and the morning light is well above the waves. West Texas sunsets are amazing, but I have always enjoyed starting the day to this sunrise. The white SPI sand belongs to us right now. On the condo property, our parking spaces are clearly marked just a few car. lengths from the sidewalk leading around the building to the pool. To the left of that private sidewalk is another, this one public beach access number 19. Each of these public access points has a small shower and parking for about 10 cars. If you get to SPI, expect to come early for the best parking, or you'll end up walking from one of the parking spots lining Gulf Boulevard.
Anyway, as they say, the early bird gets the worm. This morning, the early bird would be those early morning beach goers using the public access point and that worm would resemble two completely naked women walking into the complex pool area. This is a most delicious view as a few people stop in their tracks to watch Bonnie and Julie. I follow them around, but I've got a boogie board to hide my nudity. I'm pretty sure no one cares about my naked ass anyway.
James heads upstairs to get some food to cook, and I walk around to find my gorgeous wife showering at the entrance to the pool. To our left, a small crowd watches in awe.
"Happy July 14." I say, with a wave to them.
"What's that mean?" I hear.
"National Nude Day." I kinda yell to no one in particular.
I walk past the showering beauties, and drop the boogie boards inside the pool fence. I return to the shower to find only Bonnie there, seemingly soaking up the attention coming from the other side of the fence. I walk up to her, hugging her under the water to rinse the salt and sand off my body.
"How do you feel out here?" I ask.
"This has been the most invigorating, liberating morning. I love to be outside, and doing so naked is so amazing. I know all of us will be naked here, but I can't wait to be naked for you on the beach we are looking at right now. Just promise me you'll be okay if I'm the only one naked out there." Bonnie tells me.
"Of course. Is this some sort of fantasy?" I ask.
"Kinda, but mostly it's something I want to do for you. I want to be the only person naked out there. I want to just hang out as naturally as we would if we are on the beach in our suits. When you think about it, being in suits is as close to being naked as one can get." Bonnie says as she turns off the shower.
"If you end up naked out there on that beach, I will ravish your body all night long." I state.
"If I end up naked out there, you better be ready for even more of what has already happened this morning." Bonnie replies.
With that, I scoop Bonnie up into my arms, and carry her into the pool area. I don't even hesitate, and jump into the pool water despite her scream. The water is surprisingly warmer than the gulf water, and I quickly bring Bonnie's body close to me so I can feel her tits on my chest. As I begin kissing her, I grab her ass with both hands and separate her so I can finger her. Bonnie moans, and I move my right hand to her breasts and rub vigorously. I sense her willingness, and continue moving my hand to her pussy to open and feel her sex. Her legs move apart soon after, and I am able to push three fingers into her and our kisses become even more intense.
I feel Bonnie grab my cock, and I become hard very quickly.
"Let me move around, just keep your fingers inside me." Bonnie directs.
With that, she grabs a breath of air, and dips under the water. I follow her down, fingers still in her. Somehow, we make some quick underwater acrobatic moves so Bonnie can take my cock into her mouth while I move my hand in and out of her. I stand up in the shallow water, Bonnie still attached to my dick, and find Julie watching us.
"Looks like fun. How long can she hold her breath with her mouth so full?" She asks, as Bonnie comes up for air.
"About that long." I reply with a smile.
"Looks like her mouth was fuller than I thought." Julie says, as she looks at my still-hard cock.
"I'm sure the water magnifies my size." I say as I climb out of the water, still rock hard from Bonnie's attention.
"Oh no, you don't need the help of water to show off your size. Bonnie is one lucky woman." Julie says as she stares at me.
"Believe me, I'm the lucky one today. Bonnie wants to be the only one naked on the beach today. I'm not sure how that will happen. Got any ideas?" I say.
"Well, we have a beach canopy with sheer material for the walls. We can start with her inside that, and then somehow lose the walls to expose her completely. It could be fun." Julie tells me.
"Sounds great." Bonnie says, as she comes up behind me. "Let's cook some breakfast while we cook up this plan."
The condo complex is outfitted with a full kitchen outside with the pool. It's a sweet setup, and we are soon lounging poolside with breakfast tacos, mimosas, and plenty of laughter. If the people using the public access point could only see through the privacy fence. Soon, I guess they will find out exactly what was going on.
After eating, James and I gather our stuff for the beach portion of this day. We anticipate a few hours out there. Since all beaches in Texas are public, we'll need to claim our spot pretty soon. Our preference is to walk straight out from the condo, set up there, thus having direct access to the complex as necessary.
The first thing we do is get dressed, at least in suits and sandals. The beach sand is always hot this time of year, especially the dry part closest to the building. We take the canopy out first and set it up. The wind is light today, and the sheer walls fall naturally to the sand. We put loungers inside it along with a cooler with drinks, a nice speaker for music, and a small volleyball net just outside it. Both the canopy and net are marked with the Sand Dollar HOA emblem, so it looks like a private beach spot. Spot claimed, we head in to gather up the girls.
"I know you want to be the only one naked, but I really want to join you. I've only been brave enough to go topless out there, believe it or not. We usually head up North like this morning to go totally nude." I hear Julie ask Bonnie.
"Of course. I would love that." Bonnie smiles at me.
"Well, it's game time. After we clean the kitchen, we'll be out on the boogie boards. The canopy is ready and waiting." I tell them.
James and I clean up the kitchen, and head out. The girls are still sitting poolside, both naked, and don't even tell us goodbye as we leave. Back in the gulf water, the waves are still decent enough for our boards. Standing in the shallow surf, I take in the view of the island from about 30 yards out. The crowds are looking good. After a few more sets of waves, I get ready to head in.
I am stopped by the sight of my wife and Julie approaching the canopy, both wrapped in towels. I watch them get inside, and both sit on a lounger. As I stand there, waves hitting my ass, it is easy to see through the canopy wall. Bonnie and Julie both remove their towels, and sit back onto their respective loungers. Their nice dark nipples are quite easy to see, but no one nearby seems to notice. I give James a quick whistle and point toward the canopy.
We both leave the water together, admiring our wives. It's almost unbelievable no one seems to have noticed. It shouldn't take too long.
"Your cabana boys have arrived." I announce, pulling the sheer wall open so we can enter. "You look fantastic."
The girls are totally naked, having put their towels under their loungers. I make a quick decision, grab the towels, and take them to the fence surrounding the pool. It's about 25 yards from the canopy to the fence, all across the dry, hot sand. I return to the girls, and find James has given them drinks is walking back into the water. Bonnie hands me her sunscreen, and turns over. I cover her in the lotion, and Julie then turns over and asks me to do the same.
Just as with Bonnie, I carefully work my way from her neck down to her feet. She obligingly allows me to cover the exposed sides of her tits, and doesn't even move as my fingers explore her ass. As I do so, I realize I didn't do the same for Bonnie, so I kneel between them, and soon have each hand in between different sets of butt cheeks. Bonnie is to my left, and puts her right arm down along her body and grabs my cock through my suit. Julie does the same with her left hand. Bonnie then pulls my cock out of my suit to stroke me. Julie cups my balls in her hand, and I'm pretty sure I could shoot my load all over the inside of the tent right now.
Not wanting this to end, I somehow am able to reach both of their feet as I continue to apply the lotion to their bodies.
"Do you want to me cum all over the both of you?" I ask.
"You better not do that." Bonnie says, letting go of me. "Now, you have to deal with that."
Stuffing my junk back into my suit, I leave the women right there, retrieve their towels, and head back to the water to cool off. The waves are surprisingly still nice, even this late after the high tide this morning. I catch a few sets, then just hang out with James who just returned.
From our vantage point, we can see the girls. They both stand up inside the canopy, and wrap themselves in towels. Mostly covered, they exit the canopy and walk to the water's edge. It appears they just want to cool their heels in the gulf water. As they stand there, no one between us and them, both open their towels and flash us. Then, the fun begins.
Bonnie and Julie look at each other, then dive forward into the water. They rise, holding their towels which are now completely soaked, and swim toward us. As they do so, I lower my suit to my ankles in anticipation of welcoming Bonnie's embrace. Instead, Julie swims to me and hugs me.
"I told you." Julie says to Bonnie. "You lose."
"Well, you lose as well." Bonnie replies from her position in front of James.
That short exchange over, Bonnie swims to me and wraps her legs around me. I quickly harden and enter her. We don't have to move as the natural water movement provides a natural back and forth between us.
"I won't last long." I tell Bonnie.
"That's the point." She says with a smile as I unload into her.
"All done here." I hear Julie say. Bonnie answers with a knowing smile.
"You take my towel, and follow closely behind me. We both bet you would still have your suits on, so now we have to walk back to the canopy topless. I'll get my towel from you when I'm ready." Bonnie explains.
With that, the girls swim away from us, without towels, thus naked. Pulling my suit back up, I am able to mostly walk in the sand under the water and still manage the boogie board and heavy towel. Bonnie gets several feet ahead of me, and I am anxious to catch up.
If people on the beach didn't see her before, they are about to realize exactly what Bonnie wants. She stands up. ass just below the waves, and turns to me. Then, she walks backwards very slowly as I catch up. Her hips rise slowly above the water with every step.
I stop, attach the boogie board strap to my wrist and release it behind me. Now, I can move more quickly to Bonnie, but this darn towel is so heavy. I lift it out of the water and squeeze it as I move. By the time I get to Bonnie, her ass is completely out of the water, and her freshly-fucked pussy distracts me from the fact she is completely exposed to the beach.
"Alright, let me have the towel. It's time to make my first move toward complete exposure on the sand." Bonnie says nervously.
"You are amazing, and your body is yours. Enjoy." I tell her, as I wrap the towel just under the breasts I love to suck, and sometimes slap. Just to my right, I can see Julie is also similarly covered.
James and I sit in the shallow water and watch the girls walk back to the canopy. If
they hadn't been noticed before, they certainly got the stares very quickly. However, none of those stares stop their progress as they walk and talk with each, oblivious to the attention they're getting. Entering the canopy, that attention is sure to only get more intense as they drop their wet towels into the sand in front of their loungers and then lay back down on their stomachs.
James and I exit the surf, and walk to the canopy.
"Do you need anything?" I ask as I drop my boogie board and enter the canopy.
"Go ahead and remove the canopy walls." Bonnie tells me, as she turns over. "I'm ready."
"James, do you have the signs?" Julie asks him.
With that, James pulls the canopy walls off from their velcro fasteners, then places two small signs on the corners facing the gulf. Both say: 'National Nude Day Celebration in Progress'.
"These signs should cover all the legal angles here on South Padre. Let's enjoy some drinks, and maybe we can start some volleyball soon." James says as he opens the cooler.
We open two chairs, and sit outside the canopy. Our drinks will disappear quickly with both the heat from the beach and our women. Foot traffic along the water comes to a crawl as people realize our naked wives are out in the open. Several women actually come close to inquire about National Nude Day. Unexpectedly, with willing husbands or boyfriends in tow, several return with chairs, loungers, and coolers to set up close to us.
With no prompting, all of the women also remove their bikini tops, one even goes completely naked. James and I start a volleyball game with six other guys, and our afternoon seems complete. At least it did until the naked and topless girls all take over the court and play a girls-only game. Gathering around the court, new drinks in hand, we cheer on the girls. The game turns serious when they introduce nude versus topless teams and the girls with their bottoms on agree to go totally naked if they lose the game.
I can't tell if which team wanted to win, or lose more. It's a mostly lopsided affair, and at the end of the game, there are eight completely naked women on the court. Our fun is interrupted by the local beach patrol who inform the girls to at least put their bottoms on. As nice as that offer is, James and I decide this party should move poolside.
"Hey all men, here's the plan. We're moving into our private pool area. You're welcome to bring all your stuff in and claim a spot. We are having a National Nude Day party for all the condos in Sand Dollar." James tells them.
As we gather our gear, all the women run into the gulf as a group. It is an amazing sight of asses and backsides, but we return quickly to the task at hand and move everything into the pool area in one trip.
After showering, the pool area turns into a sea of naked bodies. Bonnie and I find ourselves put to work quite quickly as the HOA needs help cooking and putting out the food they have. Naked body after naked body move throughout the complex grounds and the food and drink are consumed quickly.
As the shadow of the building lengthens over our party, Bonnie and I find ourselves upstairs on our condo patio overlooking the proceedings. We are exhausted in an exhilarating way. Suddenly, the crowd goes silent.
"Our last planned thing for tonight is a streak to the gulf. There aren't any prizes, just fun for the group. So, everyone wanting to do so should gather at the end of our property sidewalk leading to the beach. From there, we'll run into the water and have some fun as long as we want, then return here." We hear James explain from our perch above the crowd.
"You want to join in?" I ask.
"No. I'm ready for some adult action right now. Take me. Right here." Bonnie demands.
I don't need any prodding. After our tryst in the water, I'm ready for more. I stand behind Bonnie and pull her legs apart with my feet. I harden quickly as I grab her ass and position her pussy for my cock. As I enter her, I am able to grab her tits and bring her body close. With my head just to the right of hers, we both watch the naked bodies of our HOA guests run into the water. It is a stunning contrast of skin in the shadows created by the sunset occurring behind our building.
Bonnie moves me aside, out of her, and seats herself on our patio table. Spreading her legs, I am able to enter her again, and pick her up. With her legs wrapped around me, I carry Bonnie into our room where we finish off National Nude Day 2020 in style.