By now the outside world had ceased to exist for all three of them. All that any one of them cared about, Richard especially, was the idea that under instructions from Sarah, Richard was now profoundly humbled and meant to display in some form his manhood to two female classmates. For his part, Richard was desperate to get deeper into the ceremony. By now the bell that rang deep in his mind was going off nearly all the time, creating a subsuming and lovely spell of its own. He couldn't stop this event if he wanted to.
Emily felt a sweet constant bubbling excitement, and something like amazement, even awe at how Sarah gave orders without seeming to give orders. She was keenly aware of the imbalance of power in the room, and of the way that Richard was automatically following Sarah's instructions. Because she could sense that the girls held the power, she felt empowered to gaze at Richard's body, and began to take interest in it, looking more closely than she ever had at more of Richard.
She examined Richard's feet, noting how, because he was kneeling, his toes and then knees met the floor. She noted that his feet and even a few toes had a small quantity of hair on them. She could follow his legs up to the red swim trunks, see the protrusion of his penis, which definitely had grown in size, and the way he had hurriedly bunched his shirt into the top of his trunks. There was a little hair even on the higher flanks of his thighs just below the trunks.
Sarah turned to Emily and with a hint of gloating said, "Richard seems especially anxious to please us now, doesn't he?" Sarah nodded her head toward Richard.
Emily smirked back at her. She thought to herself, "Wow, so this is what a showing is like."
"He'd be happy to show us how his penis gets hard," Sarah said. Then she turned back to Richard and allowed a slight edge of contempt to creep into her voice as she said, "Ask me again to let you squeeze yourself. I want to see you do it right here in front of me."
Richard aimed his gaze at Sarah and rather feebly said, "Please, Sarah, tell me to squeeze my penis for you."
"Oh, this is something, Ricard," she said bitingly. "You desperately want to get yourself hard for us, don't you? If I say squeeze it, Richard, you will show us how boys squeeze their own penises. Marvelous. Grab the head of your penis and wait until I tell you to squeeze it."
Sarah and Emily both watched as Richard felt with thumb and forefinger through the fabric of his trunks for his penis. His thumb and finger traveled to the head and then pushed the material of his trunks tight around it. It felt warm and slightly stiff to him.
"Very good, Richard," said Sarah. "Now gently squeeze and keep it squeezed. I'll tell you when to stop."
Richard tentatively compressed the fabric around the tip of his penis. Both girls openly watched. Richard squirmed on his knees. He did not seem capable of being completely still now. He fought with the instinct to thrust his hips forward.
They sat watching for about half a minute. This was enough time to have the nature of the circumstances settle heavily into Richard's mind. He became acutely aware that he was tenderly gripping his penis in the presence of two girls. The purpose of this experience loomed in his thinking.
"Let go," Sarah said. She smiled placidly at him for a short while, then asked, "Did you like that? Thank me, and offer to undo one button on your shirt."
Richard relaxed his hold on himself, sighed expressively, noting that now his penis seemed quite a bit more sensitive. "Sarah," he said, managing only one word, and revealing in his voice a little of the difficulty with how his body was reacting.
Sarah said, "And?"
He looked at her and was moved by an onslaught of emotion. "Oh my god. Thank you so much," he told her. "I would like to undo my shirt. Can I open one button?"
Emily and Sarah watched as his penis lengthened notably in the taut fabric of his suit. He was clearly overcome. He seemed to glow with arousal.
"Squeeze the head of your penis now," Sarah said, "and when I tell you that you are done doing that you may open one button of your choice."
Richard obliged, squeezing in an obviously more gentle way than before. Sarah noticed this and dropped one hand to her knee with an audible plop as if to say, no, no, no. "Richard, be a little more forceful. This is almost your last squeeze so squeeze it hard for us. Press it until I see it is hard enough."
Richard was buried in his own thoughts, exaggerated by humility, a carelessness of will. His erection was at that early stage where, if this continued, it would begin a separate and uncontrollable life of its own. He pinched the tip of his penis. Sarah would not let him stop after twenty seconds. His eyes flickered. Emily watched as he grew restless on his knees, a little flushed, and saw that he was now almost on autopilot, routinely squeezing and releasing the tip of his now clearly fatter penis.
"Count out loud to ten Richard," said Sarah, "and with every number I want to see you completely release your hold, then start with a new hold. At ten you can stop."
Richard tried. He counted. He squeezed. He counted quite quickly he thought, squeezing just as quickly, and his face turned fully red. His breathing labored and as he got close to the number ten he was showing true distress. At ten when he stopped he realized that he had been thrusting his hips forward and pointing himself toward Sara. He released his penis, and almost immediately it began to throb. He tipped over, placed his hands on the floor, and leaned on his open palms.
"Quite the show, Richard," said Sarah, as if giving a movie review. Stay in that position and instead of just one button I want you to remove your shirt. Fold it neatly into a small package and ask Emily to keep it for you."
Richards penis was now overly sensitive, and the pressure put on it by the stretchy swim trunks felt overwhelming. He swore he could feel the opening of the tube of his urethra swearing at him as it rubbed against his trunks. It gave him the awkward feeling that he needed to adjust himself, but he knew he couldn't. The sensation of an irritated tip dispersed into his entire swollen penis, and sent tingling into his scrotum. It became the major focus of his attention, surprisingly feeling good.
He moved to go upright on his knees and Sarah corrected him. "Ah. Ah. Ah," she said with reprimand. "I'm glad you want to continue. Stay on all fours, strip off your shirt and ask Emily to take it."
Using one hand, Richard untucked his shirt all the way around, and pulled it over his head. It fell in a pile on the floor and he managed to sort it and fold it and push it across the floor to Emily. He got firmly back on all fours, and with head down asked Emily if she would keep it.
She acquiesced with a conspiratorial look at Sarah that said, "what next?" She gazed openly on the nearly naked Richard, reached down and gathered his shirt and flip flops and put them in her lap.
"Now that Emily has some of your clothes," Sarah said, "scoot to the center of the room, turn around, and face the TV. I want to see the back of you, and I want to know how grateful you are for being allowed to undress before us. Help us with this."
"I am grateful," he said, his mind wandering between his heightened urgency and their intentions. On his knees he moved to the indicated spot, turned his back to them. "You have no idea."
"That's good, Richard. I want an idea. What do I have no idea of?"
Richard was quiet for a long time, then said contritely, "Because right now my bathing suit is too tight. It's all I can think about."
'Oh, Richard, that does sound difficult. You do have other qualities that might impress Emily and me. I think we can take your mind off of your penis for the time being. Would you want to do that?"
"Please." He was audibly panting into the carpet.
"I'll tell you what," said Sarah in a slightly belittling manner, "if Emily approves, I will let you impress us from behind for just a little bit. That might be less stressful." She leaned over and whispered to Emily. Emily nodded her head repeatedly and said, "Yes, yes, yes. That sounds incredible."
"OK Richard. This is going to be fun. If I like how you ask for permission, I will give you instructions. This is a pretty big test, because we will not start with your penis, but with your behind, and with your balls. I know you would like to relieve some of the pressure of wearing those swimming trunks. Place your forehead on the floor and ask us if you can show us your balls. Ask nicely and honestly."
Richard paused in consideration of this set of instructions, but he was already on all fours, and once he moved even incrementally to place his forehead on the floor, he lost all reluctance to think things through and determine what he was really about to do. It was as if that act eroded any interference his brain could throw up, and with his head approaching the floor, the subconscious urge to keep going thronged into a full body experience.
There was a quiet knock on the door to the room and Cindy popped in.