"You get everything?" Sara called from the water. The beach was more than a little breezy, and she had to raise her voice in order for him to hear her back at the car. He poked his head out of her SUV's passenger doorjamb and gave her a thumbs-up before drawing on his backpack and closing the door.
Truthfully, he was nervous as hell. He had been pointlessly rummaging around Sara's back seat in an attempt to either quiet his nerves or make up an excuse to leave when she called out to him and broke the spell.
He jogged back to the lake where Sara was waiting with her blue motorized canoe. She was wearing even less than when he had left, now clad in a small white bikini and a baseball cap. The thigh-length cover-up she had previously worn lay abandoned in the canoe. He thought he saw the outlines of her nipples through her top.
"My wallet must have fallen out of my backpack when we stopped for snacks at the gas station," he explained. "I thought I had lost it, but it was under your seat."
"I'm glad you found it! It probably didn't help that my car is such a mess," she said apologetically. "But I promise it will be smooth sailing from here." She turned to climb into the canoe, and it became apparent to him that she was wearing thong bottoms which essentially revealed her entire gorgeous butt. "Can you push us off, Connor?"
More nervous than ever and now with a stiffening cock restrained only by his swimming trunks, he pushed Sara's canoe the rest of the way into the water and got in. The tiny motor sprang to life with his first pull, and he pointed them in the direction of the opposite shore.
He and Sara had met a month prior at the grocery store where they both worked after she transferred to his department from another store location. Connor was a low-level supervisor for the merchandise department and was tasked with training Sara in store policy and procedures. He had immediately taken a liking to Sara for her outgoing and somewhat quirky nature.
He hadn't immediately noticed her stunning figure, as their grocery store uniforms weren't sexy or form-fitting, but they had run into each other at the gym one evening on the previous weekend. Sara had only been wearing a sports bra and spandex leggings, and her blonde hair had been thrown into a loose ponytail. She had a very flat stomach, fit-looking legs, a wonderfully plump ass, and what he guessed were C or D-cup breasts. She was barely 5'3" and she had a light tan over her body (the parts he could see anyway). Between her personality and her looks, Connor thought she was his perfect 10. Sara had explained that she was still new to gym equipment and asked with a big grin (and her arms squeezed together so her cleavage was even more pronounced) if he would show her around. He obliged, and they had spent the following hour chatting. Before they separated, she had asked him for his number, and their beach date was planned shortly after.
It was Sara who had insisted on the canoe trip on the lake. Connor would have preferred a more public setting for their first date, like the movies or dinner, but the thought of seeing what Sara would wear to the beach had pushed any kind of resistance out of his mind. Besides, beaches were public places too.
From the front of the canoe, Sara told him to head towards a large outcrop of rocks in the distance. He adjusted their direction and was glad she was facing away from him. The smell of her hair was intoxicating, and he watched her butt jiggle slightly as the canoe broke over small waves. From his perspective, she was naked except for the pieces of white string around her hips and chest. He noticed that the tan line across her butt and back did not match to the bikini she was wearing, and he suspected she had recently purchased it. Suddenly, she began searching through the small canvas bag at her feet until she pulled out a medium-sized bottle of sunscreen, which she applied in small amounts to her legs at first. To his shock, as she moved to her chest and stomach, she pulled her bikini top over her breasts.
[fm] The Lakeside Hideaway - Part 1.0
Read Part 0.5 first!
She seemed to massage her breasts more than necessary but pulled her top back down before she turned around to look at him. Between the view of her all-but-naked backside and the spontaneous breast exposure and massage, he had pitched a pretty large tent in his already small board shorts. She noticed immediately, and her eyes lingered deviously on the imprint of his cock in his bathing suit. Her nipples were very obviously erect under her top, and he convinced himself that he could almost see her areolas through the thin white fabric. He released the throttle a little so he could hear her.
"I can't tell you how excited I was when you told me you had been boating since you were a kid. It's nice to let someone else drive for a change."
"Of course," Connor said, "I don't mind at all. And it's beautiful out here. I don't think I've ever been on this lake before. There seem to be plenty of people around, though. Aren't you afraid of someone seeing your boobs?"
She smiled slyly.
"We're too far away from anyone for someone to have seen much. Plus, I'm not too shy. I've done my fair share of topless boating on this lake. I've been caught sunbathing a few times, but no one has ever said anything to me."
"A few times? I think one scare would be enough for me to stop," he said with a laugh.
"A few, or half a dozen, or maybe a lot of times," she said with a giggle. "Like I said, I'm not shy, and sometimes it's fun to get caught. I usually don't even cover up, unless it's the boat patrol."
He imagined her topless, boobs bouncing with the impact of waves against the canoe, proudly waving to passing boaters. His cock was rock hard in his bottoms, and he shifted it down to be parallel with his leg after she glanced away to inspect a passing boat. His erection was less noticeable against his shorts in this position, and he thought she noticed the change when she looked back at him.
"The beach we're headed to is just at the edge of the woodline near those boulders. The hills behind and the circular shape of the beach make it pretty private. I like to think of it as my own little secret lagoon."
"I promise I won't tell anyone," he said with a cheesy wink.
"Pinky swear?" she said, leaning across the canoe's center seat and holding her pinky out for him.
"Pinky swear," he confirmed and took her pinky finger in his.
In that moment, a large wave from the wake of a passing boat impacted the left side of the canoe, causing Sara to quickly brace herself with her free left arm. Simultaneously, the upper knot of Sara's top came undone, and her breasts spilled into the sunlight.
They were paler than the rest of her body, but only by a shade or two. Her pink nipples cut through the air, and her perky, supple breasts swayed as she steadied herself.
She made a half-hearted attempt to cover her chest with her left arm, but her right nipple was easily visible through her spread fingers. She looked up at him and at first she looked shocked, but then she blushed and giggled. As she drew her hand away from her breasts, she lingered on her nipples, giving each a little twist before she placed her arms at her sides.
"Fuck," she said, dropping her head but looking up into his eyes, waiting for his reaction.
The boat that had caused the wave was still nearby and was headed the opposite direction from them, giving the two women and one man on board a great view of Sara's tits if they had looked their way. Connor had absently let go of the throttle the instant Sara's boobs burst into view, and they slowed to a stop.
Slowly, Sara reached behind her back and fully untied the knot of her top. It fell onto the floor of the canoe.
"Wow," was all Connor could think to say. His mind raced but was somehow also slow as molasses. His pulse pounded in his ears, and he became increasingly aware of his cock. He had moved forward a little to help steady Sara as the wave broke and had opened his legs wider to steady himself. These movements, combined with his earlier readjustment of his cock in his shorts, caused the head and part of his shaft to protrude out of the left side of his shorts.
"Wow is right," Sara said, eyeing his throbbing cock. Connor quickly fixed his shorts and tried to hide his erection, but the bathing suit was working against him.
"Are you going to cover up?" He asked, looking around hurriedly and eyeing the boat that was still close enough to see Sara topless.
"Do you want me to?"
"No... But I also don't want you to get in trouble."
"If it's up to me, I'm going to stay like this; the sun feels great and I'm trying to even out the tan on my boobs anyway."
Connor was completely shocked by his apparent luck. Not one hour into their boat ride, he was staring at Sara's perfect boobs. Bikinis are unpredictable little pieces of fabric, so he guessed that he would catch a glimpse of something, but he had been gifted a completely unobstructed view of an amazing pair of breasts. He was sure he had died and gone to heaven.
"I didn't mean for my dick to be exposed like that. I just tried to stop you from getting hurt, and it popped out. I should have known better than to wear these shorts."
"It was pretty hot, actually. I was teasing you a little before, and I knew you were getting excited. I'm glad you showed me your cock," she said with a wink. He blushed and felt a little flustered, but his heart was still racing. Did he actually enjoy flashing her his cock? Accidental or not, she had seen a good deal of it, and he was enjoying the attention, especially from the half-naked girl he had a crush on.
His cock appeared to be vacuum-sealed to his leg under his trunks. It throbbed visibly.
"Okay, then," he said. "We should get moving again. We're pretty close anyway." He throttled the engine up, and Sara faced away from him again, but this time she leaned back on her elbows, giving him a perfect overhead view of her boobs as they bounced with the waves.