Disclaimer/note: Characters and setting are property of Team Ninja. This fictional story is based on Dead or Alive Xtreme 2. The story features lesbian relationships: and some days (i.e. chapters) also feature violence or offensive language. Please don't read it if you aren't old enough.
*****
-Morning of Day Eight-
I extricated myself from Hitomi's embrace and did my exercise routine. My emission robot was charged, so I dispatched it again. I considered making another temperature robot, but I thought we wouldn't need it. I checked what my camera at the dock had seen last night. No one appeared until 0730. Two people in coveralls and a woman driving a heavy duty forklift showed up and boarded the yacht. The forklift left about 15 minutes later, carrying the ice machine.
I began heating some water for tea and returned to the computer to see the forklift leaving the ship again.
The water was ready. I went back to my bedroom. My gorgeous brown-haired lover lay there, looking perfect. She smelled beautiful and she looked very fetching: nude and muscular, half-covered with satin sheets. My will power is very strong, but how could I-or anyone-resist her?
I got onto the bed and replaced the sheets with my body, as gently as I could. I kissed her smooth neck. She sighed, and shifted. I kissed her chin, then her mouth. Her bright, beautiful eyes opened. Her arms encircled me, pulled me tightly to her. She returned my kiss, barely blinking, staring back at me as though she was as trapped in my eyes as I was in hers.
I finally summoned the strength to rise to my hands and knees. "Ohayou, watashi no tenshi," I said quietly.
"Oh, my love, good morning," she whispered back.
I touched my nose to hers. "Ich liebe dich," I said.
"Wo ai ni," the stunning brunette replied.
I kissed her again.
Time lost any significance it might have had. I kissed her, moving from one spot to another to the next, her murmurs of pleasure making a pretty melody. I turned her from the way she was lying, on her back. She acquiesced, seemingly eager to lie prone and let me kiss her back as I had her sides and front. I missed no part of her. Even places I'd rarely approached before, like her ankles, armpits, or behind her ears received my attention. They were all part of her and I loved her so much. I turned her onto her side, facing me, once I'd covered her with kisses. "You're the girl of my dreams, Hitomi," I said.
"You always make me love you even more," Hitomi said, her eyes wet. She clasped me tightly in her arms. I hugged her back.
A strange tone sounded. "My phone!" the German girl said. "It has an alarm. It goes off at 0935!"
"Oops!" I got off the bed and darted toward the kitchen to reheat the water that was now too cool for tea. Hitomi ran to my shower.
We got ready for the day as quickly as we could, be we still didn't get downstairs until 1005.
"Gomen nasai!" I said once we made it to the lobby.
Lisa and Tina hastily took their hands from each other's bodies and finished their deep kiss. "Ah-good morning," Tina greeted us.
"Would you like us to be late more often?" I teased.
Lisa's dark skin hides her blush sometimes, but this time it was obvious. Tina-normally unflappable-was blushing too.
"And why were you late?" Lisa asked. "Does it have anything to do with the lipstick on Hitomi's chest?"
Clever! Hitomi immediately looked down at herself. I sighed at her gullibility. "Ooh! So that was the reason!" Tina sang, making both of us blush.
"You meanies," said Hitomi, "you tricked me, but we caught you red-handed, or at least full-of-illicit-flesh-handed."
"I think we're all embarrassed enough," I interrupted. "If we're to have any chance at a match, we need to leave now."
"Right," Tina agreed.
"Let's find a deserted court and play you," Hitomi said.
"What?" Tina asked.
"Come on, Lisa and I know just as well as anyone that my Lei-chan's the last unbeaten player. Why shouldn't we have a shot at knocking her off?"
"It's a valid point," I admitted ruefully.
"Do you mind, partner?" Hitomi asked.
"Not at all. Do you two mind?" Lisa asked us in turn.
I shook my head.
"Guess not. Prepare to get beat!" Tina answered.
Our quartet went to Niki Beach. I looked at our opponents while Hitomi was getting ready to serve. "We won't go easy on you," I warned.
"Good," said Hitomi defiantly.
"We wouldn't forgive you if you did," Lisa added.
The game was more like part-time work than recreation. Hitomi and I knew each other's styles and Lisa and Tina were in the same situation, so we could anticipate each other's tactics. Every point was hard won. It may sound like boasting, but I was the difference; once I'd figured out why scoring was so tough, I purposely altered my style of play.
Tina and I won, 7-5.
"I'm glad I've never had to play you before," Hitomi said.
"Yeah-fighting you might be easier!" Lisa said.
"You two are good," I told them. "I've played with you and against you, so I know."
"She's right. I wouldn't want to play against you gals often," Lisa said. "And I need a drink; I sweat a liter just now!"
Once we were feeling hydrated, we split up for shopping. As I looked around and found nice items for my friends, I noticed that Zack-of-all-trades was offering ice cold tomato juice. Christie would appreciate that. Maybe she'd give me another hint. It'd be worth a try, I decided.
Now my task was to tell Tina what I was up to, then find Christie. I saw Tina in the sports shop and I quickly explained, "I've got a cold gift I need to deliver. Is that okay?"
"Sure. I'm buying a 'Hammerhead,' and I'll be testing it on the race course. Will we be playing more volleyball in the evening?"
"Yeah, if someone'll play us."
I walked the perimeter of the island. As I approached the clump of trees and undergrowth south of Tranquil Beach, some instinct told me to stop. I stood still. Nothing. But I trust my instincts, so I moved forward silently.
"...sunburned, so...give enough...protection..." were the first bits of conversation I could make out. I couldn't be sure who was speaking, but I had a good idea.
"...fair; I'll get you once you're done with me." That was Ayane, definitely.
"Don't need it, thanks. You can get me later." That was Christie, as I'd suspected. I was drawing closer. I could hear well and I could even see them a bit through the foliage.
I got closer still. I welcomed the cool breeze that kept me comfortable in the considerable heat and rustled the leaves, providing soft noise that let me slink nearer to the pair. The wind also wafted the scent of coconut suntan lotion my way. I was interested in the unfolding scene.
Ayane lay face-down on a towel. Christie, lotion on her hands, straddled the smaller woman and massaged her back. I could tell that for Christie, the massage was the important thing, not the UV protection. If I could tell, I knew Ayane could too. I expected her to tell Christie to knock it off, but she didn't. She lay, almost relaxed, and let the British woman work on her muscles.
Christie's touch grew boldly sensual. Deep but gentle kneading with the palms, careful caresses with the fingers, skillful and subtle tracing with nails and fingertips: she would bend low and blow on Ayane's skin as well. Ayane betrayed no reaction to Christie's attentions.
I should say, "no outward reaction." The wind was blowing toward me. A natural fragrance much like my own (not so much like Hitomi's) mixed with the coconut and banana scent of the lotion. Ayane's biochemistry was responding, despite her control of her visible signs of arousal and pleasure.
Christie worked lower, bypassing Ayane's backside to instead caress her legs, starting with the left. It was a splendid sight: tall, voluptuous Christie semi-sprawled on powerful, petite Ayane, fondling and stimulating her firm body. But the smells and the now-audible heavy breathing of both of them turned me on more than the scene.
They were focused on each other and I was downwind. So as long as I was quiet, I could watch and enjoy myself, couldn't I? I was more-or-less concealed. Besides (I rationalized) I had to watch, or I wouldn't know when Christie was ready to receive my present. I really didn't have a choice.
Christie worked on Ayane's right let, going more slowly than ever.
My body wasn't content with watching. I capitulated to my sudden desire, just a bit. Just a bit, I told myself. I put my hands on my ribs, under "Astarte's" straps. I delicately moved up with my right and down with my left. I nearly gave myself away when my finger grazed my nipple; I couldn't believe how stiff it was! I gingerly massaged the engorged nub, letting the fabric of the suit provide some extra, unfamiliar stimulation. My left hand reached my mound and found the area damp and sensitive. I rubbed lightly and rhythmically.
Christie folded a big fluffy beach towel. Lifting the docile Ayane's hips, she put the towel under Ayane's pelvis. I watched in disbelief as Christie popped the side snaps of the Japanese girl's bikini bottom. Christie tugged the slack swimsuit from Ayane's body. The kunoichi's pretty pussy and anus were naked in front of us. With no cloth in the way, the girl's vaginal aroma was much stronger. My pussy throbbed when Ayane's powerful scent hit me.
Christie sank her middle finger into Ayane. She stroked and soon inserted her ring finger as well. I was transfixed; I'd never seen this from this angle and never without being one of the lovers. Ayane's hips began moving in time with Christie's fingers. My own fingers worked faster. I was too close now; I had to have an orgasm.
Christie had gotten her index finger involved too; she was pumping Ayane's wet pussy with three fingers. She could tell when Ayane's climax arrived. Christie slid the middle finger of her other hand into Ayane's rectum. Ayane gasped and her body trembled. She was a mistress of muscle control, but even the young ninja couldn't suppress every reaction. Her toes flexed as her orgasm intensified and extended, thanks to Christie's skill. My orgasm happened as I watched. I was glad again for their heavy breathing, as my breathing had gotten rather heavy too.
Christie's hands left Ayane's body. The tall Brit stood and leaned against a tree at the edge of the clearing, lazily licking her cum-covered fingers. A second after Christie stood, Ayane stirred as well. She picked up her bikini bottom and her towel. She draped the towel around her neck, fastened the sides of her swimsuit bottom, and walked toward the beach, probably intending to rinse her fluids off herself in the pleasant ocean water.
Christie and I watched Ayane leave. Christie retrieved her own towel and looked like she was about to go somewhere, possibly the pool.
I had to hurry. Purposely making noise in the leaves and tall grass, I approached Christie. "Oh, there you are; I've been looking for you," I said.
"Leifang, what's up?" Christie said, sounding uninterested.
"I got you a gift," I answered, keeping my voice steady quite well. "It's perishable, so I had to give it to you straight away."
"You're a total charmer." She took the package and opened the thermos-like container. "Tomato juice—nice of you. And I could really use it."
While she drank, I casually began the conversation. "Since I'll be able to play your slot tomorrow night, I wondered: how will I know when I've earned the special prize?"
"Fishing, are you?"
"Where's the harm in giving me a little more info? I'm going to play your machine; you have my word. Come on."
She finished the drink. "That was good, thanks. And you have a point. I'll tell you a little if you'll stick around to hear it."
"Why wouldn't-"
My eyes nearly jumped out of my head. Christie carelessly pushed her skimpy thong to her ankles. Her hand went to her crotch. "I need a climax. I suspect you already know-but maybe you don't-I serviced Ayane a minute or two ago and I'm hot and bothered."
"W-well, I see," I stammered.
"Don't feel you have to keep your hands to yourself," she said, her deep voice and smooth accent sounding exceptionally sexy.
"Nothing personal, but I do," I told her.
Christie leaned harder against the tree and spread her thighs farther. "Hitomi? You're in true love, aren't you?"
"Yes. I love her."
"I've seen how she acts with you," Christie panted. Her fingers were flying. "She loves you back. You're a lucky girl."
"I know...have you ever loved, Christie?"
"That's my business, no offense," she said. Damn, her masturbation was getting me wet again. I hoped she'd get off before I had to frig myself again. I doubted there was any chance of that; Christie skillfully unhooked her bikini top and gently manipulated her proud, beautiful tits. Naked except for white sandals, smelling of sweat and sex, she inspired pure lust. "Anyway, your slot machine question..."
I gave in. I took Christie's towel and spread it on the clearing floor. I slipped "Astarte" off my shoulders and stepped out of it. Wearing only my cowgirl hat, ribbon on my wrist, and high heels, I sat on my widespread knees and masturbated shamelessly in front of Christie.
"...You're bloody sexy, Lei," Christie mumbled. She and I watched each other as we played with ourselves. "Continuing, it should be...easy enough to...tell when you've won...if you're paying attention."
"I will be," I assured her. "You say it's...a worthy...reward."
"Remember this...you've got to win...more than once. You'll figure it out...from there."
"Don't tell Ayane...I saw you two."
"Oh yes! Ooh! You did? What did...you think?"
"It was—uh—intense...The way you two didn't...say anything: it was...bizarre...but so erotic!"
"Here it comes. Oh!" Christie panted.
"Yeah," I said weakly. We each brought ourselves off while watching the other in bliss. The temptation to touch Christie was powerful, but that was something I simply couldn't allow.
"You're so hot," she said, standing again and slowly putting on her suit.
I slipped back into "Astarte." "You're super-hot yourself. Seeing what you did with Ayane, you're talented too."
"You're right, it's strange with her. But Helena is a firecracker. She can make love. Anyway, let's go."
We walked to the beach, left our shoes, and entered the water. "How about a volleyball match?" I asked.
"Helena and I were planning on jet skiing," she replied.
I went with the British assassin to the marina and found Tina and her new "Hammerhead" already there. "Hey, how did you do?" I asked her as we approached the pier.
"Second place," she said. "Still getting used to it."
"Want to try again?"
"Helena and I will race with you," Christie added. Her bored voice was back.
"Sure. I'd like to familiarize myself with the course."
Helena showed up very shortly and the four of us prepared to race. The start signal beeped and we were off.
Tina gained the lead and began lengthening it right away. I thought the rest of us had no chance. But then the waves got bigger. I could see it; Tina was having problems controlling the new watercraft. When we got to the first major turn, she had so much trouble she scooted out of bounds for a second.
I stabbed my turbo button and sped past Tina.
Christie was a talented rider herself, so I had to deal seriously with her and with Tina. Luckily, Christie was also too reckless. She took a jump at a bad angle and hit her turbo, but the waves made the landing impossible. She launched herself far off the course and was disqualified. As for Tina, she simply didn't have command of her equipment yet. Soon she'd have it figured out, but this time I won. (Helena just raced too conservatively; she finished third.)
The sun was low in the sky. Volleyball would have to wait. Tina and I found Lisa and Hitomi by the pool. We lounged a while before leaving for our hotels. Hitomi and I went to her suite first. "You know, 'Porrima' looks great on you," I said, ambushing her with a hug.
"Ah!" (My surprise attempt had succeeded!) "I'm glad you approve," she said. She clasped my arms, holding my embrace longer. She was so warm and smooth.
"I did a bad thing today," I told her.
She didn't release me. "No matter what it was, I love you."
"I love you too. That's why I want to tell you."
"Go ahead. I'll always listen. Keep holding me while you talk."
"I was looking for Christie..."
I told Hitomi the whole story. When I was done, she squeezed my arms and hands a bit. "I'm happy you didn't touch either of them. I would've been pretty pissed if you had. What I want to hear from you is that you're not going to be making love with anyone but me.
"You know I won't, Hitomi-chan. You're the only girl for me."
"Good. You know, people can't completely control their fantasies. The only part of your story that really bugged me is that you let Christie watch you. Well, you have to answer my questions. How do Ayane and Christie look? How do they smell and sound? Don't hold out on me; I want details."
"Okay. If you really want to hear-"
"-Hold on," she said, squeezing my hands again. "I'm growing stubble and so are you. Let's refresh our shaves while we talk."
Moments later, we were in the bathroom.
When we exited the bathroom half an hour afterward, we were quite relaxed and comfortable with each other. Hitomi had eased my conscience by confiding that she would've had a tough time walking away from Christie and Ayane too.
We went to dinner in our hotel's restaurant. We shared an appetizer of oysters before the main course. We had decided not to look for more information about Flying Komodo this evening, unless my cameras caught sight of something dangerous or a golden opportunity for us to learn more about the secret activities there.
"We'll go to the casino for a little longer this evening," Hitomi said. We separated; she and I had presents in our rooms that we needed to send before we began partying.
That wasn't all. Shortly after sending my presents, I got a second visit from the messenger. She had gifts for me from Tina, Lisa, Hitomi, and Christie (and Zack, as usual.) Only Christie's had an envelope with it, so I saved it for last. A state of the art camera, a yellow rose, a gold ribbon, and a pair of shiny black heels: the shoes were from Hitomi. I'd hang up my hat tonight and wear the rose in my hair. I'd exchange my usual shoes and ribbon for what I'd just received as well.
I prepared to change my suit too; Christie's gift was in a swimsuit package. I opened the note first.
"If you wear this to the casino tonight, you'll match my level of daring.
Ja ne,
Christie"
Hadn't she seen me in "Astarte" or Electra?" If she expected me to be scared of a swimsuit, she was mistaken. Besides, I'd only noticed Christie wearing two different swimsuits so far and both were tamer than my risqué suits.
I picked up the wrapped parcel. It was so light that I thought for a moment Christie was joking, trying to get me to show up nude. But no, when I turned the package, a small weight shifted. Something was inside that box.
Hitomi knocked. "Come in," I called. She entered my suite and I showed her Christie's message.
"Let's see it," she prompted. "It must be amazing if she thinks it'll challenge you!"
"I was about to open it when you arrived," I said. Hitomi watching closely, I popped open one side of the box and dumped the contents onto the bed. There was only a small piece of paper and what looked like a strange collar made of some gold-colored fabric.
"What is it, a choker?" Hitomi asked. "With some sort of long necklace?"
I reached down and touched the weird-looking thing. It was soft as velvet, despite its metallic sheen. Hitomi picked up the paper scrap and turned it over. "Aquamarine," she read.
"Sounds like someone made a mistake." I grabbed the widest part of the collar and lifted the item. "Wearing a choker's no-"
The rest of the strange piece of cloth hung below the collar. Hitomi and I shut our mouths. Our brains tried to process this sight. It wasn't a necklace, or it wouldn't be so long. But it was so brief, it couldn't be a swimsuit.
Could it?
I repositioned my fingers and spread the surprisingly stretchy fabric. "Mizugi...desu ka?" Hitomi finally asked.
"That or a gag gift," I answered quietly. "It feels like it could be wearable."
"In the sense that air is wearable," Hitomi said. "There's nothing there! But I guess it'll be entertaining to see you try it."
I doffed "Electra." Hitomi sat on the couch and gazed at me. Happy to thrill her, I picked up "Aquamarine". I discovered how tough it was to put on. It was so small that it got easily tangled and folded over.
But once it was on, all I had to do was adjust it so it covered my nipples. Hitomi's eyes were glazed by the time I was ready. I stepped into the black high heels and turned to face the mirror.
Compared with this, "Astarte" was a set of plate mail! The suit was threads and a collar. The threads weren't even that wide! My skin tone almost matched the color of the golden suit, so at first glance I looked naked. As I looked, my nipples swelled. I could partly see the right one; oops, the left too! I adjusted the tiny suit-
-It was impossible. The fabric was too spare! No matter what I tried, I couldn't cover my nipples completely. I looked more closely at my crotch and I could see my lips clearly defined. The suit hid the greater part of my nipples, most of my pussy, my neck, and a bit of my anus. Nothing else. "Hid" isn't the word; it just sort of...veiled them.
I saw Hitomi shambling toward me like a lust-zombie; she probably wasn't even aware she was doing it. I jumped up and back, to the center of the room. That seemed to startle her and bring her back to her senses. "What do you think?" I asked.
"Leifang-Lei, you can't be serious."
"Why not? Read the note again."
She did.
"Notice the wording?" I inquired of my brunette lover. "Christie is going to come to the casino in this suit or one very similar."
"You'll be charged with indecent exposure," Hitomi stated.
"No way. We aren't in anyone's jurisdiction. There are no official laws here and there is no one to enforce them anyway. You know me, Hitomi. I can't lose to her. I have to wear this to the casino."
"You can't! You can't wear it."
"Does it look good?" I put the gold ribbon on my wrist as I spoke.
"Of course it does; that's the problem. You'll be molested. I'm serious."
"With you, Tina, Lisa, and Christie to protect me?"
"Christie?"
"She'll be in the same boat, so she'll have to stick with us. But it won't come to that. People here have more self-control than you give them credit for having."
"You must be crazy," my girlfriend said.
"Just competitive. You find my indomitable spirit sexy and you know it," I replied.
"That's not all I find sexy."
"Hands to yourself, until we come back tonight!" I shrieked, twisting and dodging Hitomi. She chased me half-jokingly, but I managed to get my kitchen table between her and me. She gave up then. "I promise, later."
"I must be as crazy as you are," she muttered. "Remember, you promised."
I took her hand. We left my suite. We began the short walk to the casino. I tried to forget my virtual nakedness.
That wasn't happening. Every eye was on me. I was glad nearly all the resort staff were women. Even so, my body felt those eyes. My mind felt their minds. Gay, straight, or other; female, male, or other: the people who saw me did exactly what the swimsuit designer had wanted them to do: imagine having sex with me.
I walked regally, not betraying the humiliation I felt. For her part, Hitomi all but bared her fangs at people who stared at me for more than three seconds. I honestly heard her growl.
We entered the casino and within a minute, all activity had ceased. This suit was so effective, I thought about selling tickets next time I wore it. I strode confidently into the place. I enjoyed the attention now; these were my girlfriends; I knew them and I liked wowing them.
The spotlight was all mine only briefly. I heard a murmur. I turned to see Christie coming through the entrance.
The two of us stared at each other, suddenly truly understanding what everyone else had been seeing.
Then I heard the first wolf whistle (probably from Tina, I thought) and I blushed hard. More whistles and some clapping: I almost lost my nerve. But I kept it together somehow and approached Christie. She licked her upper lip. I smiled at her. I let go of Hitomi's hand, knowing she'd stick by me.
"You're looking good," I said.
"The heels you sent me really completed the look," she said, showing off the black high heels that were larger but otherwise identical to mine.
"Glad you like them; I think we all do," I said. "Thanks for the swimsuit."
"I'm done testing you. You walk the walk; you've got way more clit than I expected."
"'Got clit?'"
"Like saying 'got balls' to a guy," the British lady explained. "By the way, you look like a goddess."
A small crowd had formed around us. They were silently staring at us. It was kind of eerie. There was palpable tension. I had anticipated it, but it was still quite a powerful experience.
"Subtlety, goodbye!" Lisa said quietly.
"And good riddance," Helena said, surprising most of us. She rushed forward and basically tackled Christie, kissing her hard.
The crowd took in the sight (and predictably) reacted as though they'd been given license to touch us. They surged forward, but I thought quickly. "If you can't control yourselves," I shouted, "We won't be able to wear these suits again."
The mob stopped short of us. They looked conflicted, mostly.
"We will wear these swimsuits again, unless we have reason not to. I love how this suit feels; I want to wear it."
Yes, it was an implicit bargain. But it worked! Hitomi and Tina seemed to breathe sighs of relief as the small crowd backed off a bit.
I took Hitomi's and Lisa's hands and looked meaningfully at Tina. "Let's go dance, girls," I suggested.
We didn't dance alone.
The dance floor had never been more packed. Hot, sweaty bodies pressed on us. My body was almost molten; at the same time I was aroused and disgusted by the fondling of total strangers. But there wasn't much of that, really. How could there be? Hitomi, Lisa, and Tina were in almost constant contact with my skin.
I soon needed a breather. After I'd appeased the crowd, I took my girls with me and we went to the bar. We chatted together while we drank (no alcohol, that didn't seem safe.) I only had about ten minutes before Christie approached me and grasped my hands.
"You defused the tension really well," she said, pulling me toward the floor. "We should dance together though, to satisfy everyone. It'll seal the deal."
Against my better judgment, I answered, "Just one."
Christie was leading me to the wolves. She and Ayane were all over me and Ayane dragged Kasumi into the mix in pretty short order. I guiltily hoped Hitomi wasn't getting too jealous. Dancing with these gals felt great. Her red cheeks made me suspect Kasumi had drunk a bit more alcohol than she was used to, but she was as graceful as ever. After about 30 seconds, it was plain that her inhibitions were lower. She giggled and didn't mind rubbing her body against mine. Soon, Helena was also with us, though she was mostly interested in Christie.
Luckily, it was a short song. The skin touching mine reminded me constantly of my practical undress-and it reminded my partners. They weren't averse to touching the suit; I could feel it tugging. At the end of the song, I adjusted the threads above my nipples as discreetly as I could. With relief, I nudged Christie's hips with mine and trotted back toward Hitomi.
"You could use a reprieve, I'll bet," Lisa said.
I'd never heard a more rhetorical question. "What's the plan?" I asked.
"A card game or two: enough to be polite. Then we'll escort you back to the hotel."
I could sense Hitomi's involvement in this plan. "Bodyguards?" I said.
Tina answered. "Are you absolutely sure you won't need any? Seems like a big gamble, even for you."
They had a point. I agreed to the plan, and we went to the poker tables.
"Aquamarine" was very effective. The dealer and the other players-even Hitomi-could hardly concentrate on the game. I won nearly every hand. I won enough to play Christie's machine.
But that was for tomorrow. Tempted though I was, I wasn't going to jump the gun. I kept playing as quickly as I could, so I could build up a reserve of credits. After all, Christie's machine didn't have to be nice to me.
About 30 minutes after we'd started, I felt Hitomi's foot rub my ankle twice. That was our signal; time to go. I was nearly 190,000 credits ahead, so I wanted to keep playing, but I had promised.
Every eye that wasn't on Christie was on me, so I had no hope of slipping away.
There were other people behind us and around us. I admit it; I was glad for the protection of my three friends. No one looked willing to start something, but there were a few people who looked a bit too interested in me. The idea had been for Lisa and Tina to accompany us to the hotel, but they wound up coming with us all the way to Hitomi's room.
"What a night!" Tina sighed, collapsing on one of the sofas. Weariness and excitement in those three words-and the rest of us felt the same. Once the door was locked and Hitomi had started some water for tea, we were all sitting or lying in the living room.
Lisa looked at me. "Now I can say what I've been wanting to. You're out of your damn mind! Not as much as Christie, but you're crazy."
"Come on, two or three days from now, you won't even look twice at me in this suit," I replied lightly.
"Sounds like you plan to keep wearing it," Tina noted.
"It's comfy."
"Plus you're a nudist," Hitomi said. We laughed, but we knew she wasn't entirely joking.
"I don't know how you do it, Hitomi: how you keep up with her," Lisa said. "You know I love you, Leifang, but I've never met anyone so capricious, so..."
...sensual," finished Tina. "You indulge your senses constantly."
"Maybe," I answered. "I am used to having things my way."
"You still have to reward the help," the blonde American said-Danger, my mind screamed-"Might I suggest our reward?" Tina finished.
I looked pointedly at Hitomi. She seemed torn.
"I'll let you take off my suit. Then we'll all get naked and washed and we'll soak in the tub. Fair?"
"Fair!" Lisa answered.
"All right," Tina said.
Hitomi just nodded her assent. She settled back to watch our two friends strip me.
They advanced slowly. I felt a thrill in my lower belly. Three sexy, gorgeous girls in the room, and they all wanted me; yes, I was turned on!
Lisa put her hands on my face and sweetly brought her mouth to mine, turning my head slightly. Tina's fingers gently caressed my neck. She unfastened the hooks that held the collar closed, one at a time.
I could smell sex. Lisa's and my kiss got more intense. Hands on my body, Tina started very slowly allowing my suit to slip down my torso. I knew Hitomi was watching, but I kissed Lisa with ever-growing passion. I could barely hold still while warm fingers traveled my body.
I heard, "Mm!" and the sound of more kissing. I opened my eyes for an instant. Sure enough, Hitomi was behind Lisa, carefully relieving her of "Porrima," stroking as she advanced.
Lisa's hands joined Tina's on my feverish body. I squirmed and shuddered. My suit fell from me, but the two continued to fondle me, sparing only my vagina. I trembled while their fingers toyed with my thighs, breasts, and backside.
"Yes!" I heard Tina hiss.
I opened my eyes again. Now we were all nude. Lisa's mouth and mine separated. Everyone's hands left everyone else's sensitive spots.
"To the showers?" Lisa said.
We cleaned ourselves and got into the oversized whirlpool. There was more making out involved, but it was relaxing and somehow kind of innocent. Without saying it, we all knew just how far we could go.
A bit after 2300, the American gals left. "You know they're going to have sex as soon as they get back to their suite," Hitomi said with a snicker.
"Not like us," I whispered. I kissed her ear and traced her ribs with my fingertips. "We're already where we need to be."
Once we got done making love, we quickly fell asleep in Hitomi's big, soft bed.
-End of Day Eight-
*****
End note: Thanks to all of you who have voted, faved, commented, and sent me PMs. Feedback is always appreciated!