Ali placed me on the bar counter with Neil still pawing and squeezing my breasts. My nipples were achingly erect as I opened my legs wide showing my shaved pussy to my own personal audience. Pointing high heeled shoes outwards, my shaved opening spread a little displaying a small portion of pink wet pussy. Ali dipped his finger inside, causing me to squirm with arousal as he hooked his finger to the front wall of my pussy. Feeling for the soft spongy flesh of my Gspot, his finger movement increased along with my state of arousal. His hand was almost a blur as I began to pant uncontrollably as he finger blasted my slutty pussy to a squirting orgasm.
"Oh fuck that's good!" I kept panting as my orgasm gushed from my pussy, drenching Ali's hand with my thick creamy female ejaculate.
"Your slut is on heat man!" Ali said to James "She's gonna need lots of cock tonight!"
James smiled and said.
"This slut always needs lots of cock!"
He said this with a swagger and confidence I did not recognise, however I approved of my new alpha male husband. The realisation that I was starring in a porn movie raised my passion level even further when James smiled.
"She'll want to feel those black cocks stretch her tight holes! I know her husband and he will be getting off at his little slut being gang banged!"
"This dirty slut is married?" Dec smiled "Then we will have to send her back to her husband full of come!"
The role play and the derogatory words were sending me wild with lust. I needed cock as James stated and I needed it now!
Ali winked at James and said.
"Climb on my cock bitch and my friend will fuck your ass. The bartender will fill your mouth with cock and your manager can take some photos with his phone to show your limp dick husband later!"
I visibly saw the bulge in James trousers twitch at Ali's monologue. James was loving this almost as much as me!
I looked over at James as I climbed on top of Ali.
"Make sure you take photos of my holes being stretched by these huge cocks!" I smiled "Let my husband see what my pussy and ass look like when real men fuck me!"
I saw James face flush with arousal, his Adams apple bob up and down as he swallowed nervously.
Ali's cock began to stretch my labia as his delicious hard black length slid inside me. My hands were on his broad muscular chest as my head went back, pushing myself down on to his throbbing black meat, I began to ride him.
Neil climbed on to a bar stool, holding his hard cock, he pointed it toward me and smiled.
My mouth was open and my eyes half closed with insatiable lust as I beckoned his cock to my warm moist lips. Simultaneously Dec had positioned himself behind my ass and spat with great gusto, directly on to my soon to be devoured asshole. Neil's cock slid into my waiting mouth at the exact moment Dec pushed his huge black cock beyond my sphincter. Instantly my body was filled with three huge cocks making me feel more of a woman than at anytime in my life, add to this the delicious spicy naughty notion that here I was being the perfect married cheating slut, accepting three cocks wantonly.
Neil's cock hit the back of my throat almost making me gag, but I put my world class cock sucking skills into operation immediately. I swallowed harshly as the head of his cock slid beyond my tongue creating a vacuum at the back of my throat. Breathing through my nose, I slid my tongue on the underside of his cock, swirling the tip of my tongue under the meaty white shaft. Ali was watching this open eyed, with a huge grin on his face, then blurted out.
"I've got to get me some of this cock sucking action. This slut is a sexual genius!"
James laughed proudly, having been on the receiving end of one of these blow jobs on many occasion.
"We should all deliver our cream to her this way! Make the slut work for the spunk!" Neil said through gritted teeth.
"She'll be getting my seed via ass to mouth!" Dec laughed as Suzi groaned with delight at what was to come.
The room went silent except for Suzi's orgasmic moans and the guys thrusting grunts.
Only moaning and squelching sounds were audible for the next twenty minutes as the guys pleasured me profusely.
Ali broke the silence when he snarled.
"I'm gonna bust a nut soon and need to do it while the slut is giving me some of her cock sucking skills!"
My eyes rolled with sexual delight as I sucked Neils cock like my life depended on it. I was expediting Neil's orgasm, sucking the spunk out of him. Neil began to moan and breathe restlessly as his seed spewed down my throat. Hungrily I swallowed every spurt of Neil's delectable spunk, feeling Dec unplug his cock from my ass, to allow Ali to rush to my face.
Ali lifted me off his body as he turned toward my face, holding the biggest black cock I've ever seen. Dec slipped his cock back up my ass, causing me to moan like a desperate slut, as Ali's huge perfect bell end tapped at my lips, edging its way inside my mouth and spurting the most wonderful alpha male seed into my open mouth. The spurts continued, filling my mouth to overspill as a dribble of come spilled out of my mouth, dripping onto my swinging breasts.
James was stroking his cock furiously, his face red and sweating as the sights before him took him to a level of arousal he never knew existed. Dec let out a loud groan, then unplugged his cock from my ass. Ali stood to one side as Dec slipped his huge black ass juice covered cock into my mouth. His spunk was more copious than Ali's as he flooded my mouth, cheeks and breasts with his perfect thick seed. His cock tasted sweet from my orgasmic ass juice as I swirled my tongue unashamedly around the cock that had been stretching my ass. I was in a state of delirium swallowing all of the beautiful man seed when James pushed me backwards so I was laying on my back, my legs wide open showing my stretched pussy and asshole to the camera with my large firm breasts thrusting into the air.
James groaned and unleashed the biggest orgasm I'd ever seen from him. Thick globules of spunk splashed on my stomach and breast as he continued to stroke his cock furiously. I smoothed my hands over my cum drenched body, rubbing my husbands deposit into my flesh, ensuring that most of it was being rubbed into my shaved pussy.
I looked gingerly around the room. Neil was smiling and winking at me, giving me a thumbs up for my sexual performance on camera. Dec and Ali were smirking smugly at having pleasured another white married slut, who they knew wanted their cocks again and again. I would need to get their numbers before they left the building. Finally my eyes looked at my husband who was still stroking his semi erect cock. I climbed off the bar counter, helped down by Ali and Dec.
"We three should get showered and leave Neil and James to clear up!" I said, heading toward the shower leading the black guys by their cocks.