I am not native speaker, so my writing may be "hard" to read for some people. This is a story based on my own experience and fantasy so is part fiction, part true.
The story is about a young man, who discovers his sexuality, though he is really shy, he breaks his own limitations to make some of his sexual dreams come to life. I hope you'll enjoy it. Any respectful comments are welcome.
Intro:
I was in my late 20ties when some of the adventures happened, I based the story on them, but they are not 1 to 1. What you see here is my "perfect fantasy" on how I wished everything had unfolded. I will be Geene for the sake of consistency, and it's not my real name.
Story:
I was 25 when my GF of the time broke up with me, we had a huge fight when she discovered I am sort of an exhibitionist. She is very conservative and it collided with her beliefs and could not digest. I like to show myself to other people. I was a regular on various adult public services where I did anonymous public shows, just because I had the pleasure of someone random was watching me masturbate. I was heart broken, because I didn't see anything wrong with what I was doing, I didn't have any relationship outside ours, but it doesn't matter anymore. We were over.
It has taken me some time to get over the breakup and one day I had an idea. I was reading the local message boards on one of those streaming sites, and I found 2 things. There were people who liked to be naked like me, but not exactly. I have known about nudism, but didn't consider it to be my thing until I saw a post about local nudist meeting up for a beer.
I gathered all my courage and on the meeting date went to meet them. I had a lot of questions, my brain had played scenario after scenario. Are those people also perverts? How do they manage to not be sexual about it? You know, all the worries of a newbie nudist.
I entered the pub where the meeting took place, anxious, who are they, are they friendly, will I be judged, as I was not in perfect shape, I thought I will see models, who are not "ashamed" of their bodies and how will I fit with them. I can assure you this was the best thing that could have happened to me, they were regular Joes and Janes, various body types, different characters but everyone was very open and took me in, and I felt very welcome. I learned that it's not about sexuality, but being free. We chatted for several hours, they were telling stories from their lives, where they traveled, where they enjoyed nudity without getting in conflict with the law, it has opened my eyes to a totally new experience. We left the pub and went on our ways and soon I became regular in other group activities like going to remote places with a blanket and sunbathing in nude, visiting local saunas and visiting nudist resorts. I felt free.
During one of those group meetings I met Nina, she was a petite woman in her early 30ties and we got to be very fond of eachother. She had a very outgoing personality, totally opposite to mine. She was expert in getting the true colors from people, it was that same evening we got into a long chat where we confided to each other what had driven us to join the nudists. To make a long story short, I told her I joined cause I liked to show my body and it happened she was a voyeur and liked to watch people. When the meeting ended she offered to drive me home, we lived very close to each other. On our way home, she has struck up a conversation:
Nina: So you like to show off?
Me: Yes, something in those lines.
Nina: Did you get a boner when you started to go with the group?
I almost choked when I heard how direct she is, but I felt very comfortable with her, so I had nothing to hide.
Me: I thought I would, but I was so nervous. And.. and later it has become so "normal" that I didn't see it as a sexual thing.
Nina: Ok, I get it. And what if some had an erection, how would you react?
Me: IDK, probably.
Nina: Why?
Me: Because of the mood, if I see people getting into the mood, I think I would have too.
Nina: Do you have an erection now?
She didn't let me reply
Nina: You do, don't you?
I only nodded my head.
Nina: Can I see?
My mouth went dry, I swallowed hard and asked quietly.
Me: You want to see my penis?
Nina: Yes. And to be precise, I want to see you dick, you know penis is a flaccid thing, I want to see your erection.
This has almost made me faint. I heard my blood pumping and after what felt like eternity I felt a nudge on my arm. She drove to the side of the road, and I could hear an excitement in her voice.
Nina: Come on, show it to me.
This was the woman you don't argue with. I looked at her and she was looking at me impatiently. I rose in the seat and hooked thumbs into my shorts. I slowly slid it down to my knees, not being sure if it was a dream, a prank or what. She lowered her eyes to my lap and almost jumped in her seat once waistband had passed and my dick had sprang and hit my belly. She had been looking in silence as it was jumping slightly to my heart beat.
It is a decent dick, not a porn star size, but not small. My dick is a bit above average, curvy and very veiny and uncut.
Nina: Can you pull the foreskin? I want to see the head.
I did it slowly and once I finished and she saw the purple mushroom I heard a quiet gasp from her mouth.
Nina: You are a perv. - she swallowed - Don't worry, so do I. Can I take a picture?
Me: What for?
Nina: As a souvenir.
Me: But no face.
Nina: Sure, I want a closeup of that.
She grabbed her phone from her pants and leaned to my lap. She tilted the phone to one side, then to the other, but couldn't decide if it was good enough. She ordered me to move in my seat.
Nina: No, that's not good, I want to capture your dick and your balls, turn to me and spread your legs a little.
When I did as she asked, she frowned again and I heard "may I" and she grabbed the tip of my dick and bent it slightly.
Nina: Now it's good. Don't move.
Then she released me and sat up straight, leaving me excited and throbbing. I looked at her, puzzled.
Nina: Pants up, someone is coming our way.
To be continued...