This story is entirely fictitious. All names and likenesses are fabricated, and all characters depicted are over the age of 18.
This story is multiple pages / chapters, and involves elements of romance and erotica.
(Final chapter everyone. I am new to erotica, and I appreciate everyone reading my work. Hopefully there will be plenty more!)
------------
Chapter Seven:
I wish I could say that the rest of the year was uneventful. I wish I could say that people left Jess alone and I never had to see her hurt again. After the number I did on Aaron and the others the bullying subsided at least until break, but our troubles were far from over. Despite everything we managed to make it through the year, albeit with a few more scrapes and bruises. I got into a college a few miles off, and Jess decided to follow. We were both eager to leave that town behind. I found us a small one bedroom apartment near campus, and we moved in immediately.
Jess was a smart girl, she could've gotten into any college she wanted. I felt a pang of regret, as it seemed as though I was holding her back. She insisted I wasn't. She decided on veterinary medicine as her major, as she had always preferred the company of animals to people. I couldn't blame her, with all she had been through. She was good with animals anyway. I declared as a business major, though I did not have much of a plan past that.
During our first year she started to transition medically. It was tough to get started, but once she did the progress she made was outstanding. I marveled as those small handful of pills changed her day by day. She had grown her hair to nearly her back. I still remember how elated she was when she first braided it and put it up in ponytail. She was so damn proud of growing it out, it brought a smile to my face every time. Her facial features, which had always been feminine, softened even further. Her skin became more radiant than ever before. She was glowing.
Jess's body changed as well. Her weight redistributed to sit more at her hips and chest, accentuating her figure. In the first few weeks as her breasts began to take form she groaned about how they ached. I was always happy to do my part and massage them. She passed full time in public, despite her height and other remaining masculine features. More and more she found herself comfortable going out in girly clothes. I was partial to her wearing sundresses and skirts, some of the first feminine clothing I had seen her wear what felt like ages ago.
With our new-found privacy we had more time to experiment and explore one another's bodies. She had decided not to get bottom surgery, as that particular part of her caused her little dysphoria. I was somewhat grateful. I would have loved her either way, but I liked her petite cock. It fit her well, and I found it incredibly sexy. Something about seeing the impression of it against her dress or tight pants made my head spin.
Over time we were also able to figure out what turned one another on the most. I was shocked by the extensive list that had accumulated. At times it might have been easier to ask what Jess wasn't into, rather than what she was. She was shocking vivacious, though I had already suspected as much from our experiences in highschool. In particular, she had an affinity for bondage and submission. On more than one occasion she had expressed interest in exhibitionism as well.
My tastes were admittedly not as varied as hers, though I was always happy to oblige her. It was worth it to see the lewd expressions she showed. I was glad she didn't have any interest in swinging, however. I was always the jealous type, I just couldn't help myself. For whatever reason, seeing her close to other guys sent my blood boiling. I wanted her all to myself. She belonged to me, as she always assured me.
Morning arrived and I found my eyes glued to her form, as I so often did. I could not help but stare. Jess awoke with a wide yawn, her voice squeaking as she did so. She rolled over to look up at me, scrunching up her nose when she realized I had been watching her sleep. "Stooop," she protested sleepily. Regular training of her voice had afforded her a rather feminine lilt. The tanktop she fell asleep in barely concealed her breasts as they threatened to spill from beneath the sheer fabric.
"I refuse," I responded playfully, unable to keep my eyes off of her. Back in highschool she had often been teased for her chest, going so far as to receive the nickname "c-cup" from some boys. With the help of her hormone treatment she was well beyond that, boasting a 36-D. She was naturally well endowed, needing no additional surgery. I slipped the comforter down, uncovering the rest of her body.
Jess's tanktop was wrinkled and bunched up to above her midsection, giving me a small peak at her abdomen. I ran my fingers down along her stomach. Her build was less muscular than before, in part due to her hormone therapy, and was now far more lean. She still had a soft outline along her abdominal muscles, but they were far less rigid than they used to be. Other parts, on the other hand, were much more defined.
With a yawn and a stretch Jess got up to shower. I watched her attentively as she walked. She spent her workouts focusing on her butt and legs, likely because she knew how weak I was to them. The work definitely paid off. The thin cotton fabric of her panties swished appetizingly between those round cheeks. Over time she had developed a sway to her hips that I found incredibly hypnotic. She glanced over he shoulder, catching my lecherous gaze. She flashed a triumphant smile as she closed the door behind her.
Jess came out of the bathroom, body completely exposed as she toweled her hair dry. I had seen her body a hundred times but I still lusted after her as if it was the first. I bit my lip as my gaze ran across the pleasant curvature of her body and down to the small fixture between her legs. She blushed profusely, though made no efforts to hide her body. She sashayed over to the bed, crawling on top of it. She shook her backside at me enticingly, and I knew I had to have her.
She squeaked as I grabbed her by the hips and pulled her rear up towards me. I ran my hands along her ass and took her in both hands with a squeeze. I leaned in, spreading her apart and burying my face in her. I could feel her quiver in anticipation as my tongue pressed against her hole. I slowly began to work it in, coaxing forth a surprised squeal. Her tiny cock began to harden from the teasing. I reached beneath her and began milking her member as I continued with my tongue. I pulled back and started the process of loosening her in preparation.
She took one finger with ease. This had become a daily ritual, if not more frequent. Jess's body had become accustomed to my prodding, and had learned to accommodate my size with little issue. She mewled lasciviously as I added another finger. "A-are you going to fuck me or what?" She whined impatiently.
"Maybe if you beg for it."
Despite what a insatiable little slut Jess turned out to be, she still managed to be so timid and shy about everything. She could scarcely engage in dirty talk without turning bright red. "Please Daddy?"
My brow twitched upwards curiously. That was a new one. "What was that?"
"Don't make me say it again," she groaned. She buried her head in the covers looking mortified. A devilish grin spread on my face.
"I most definitely will."
No response. I pulled my fingers out of her and released my hold on her member. She whimpered disappointedly, peeking back at me. She pouted, her cute pink lips pursing in frustration. "No fair," she grumbled.
I positioned myself behind her, my excitement bulging against the confines of my boxers. I pressed up against her, eliciting a desperate moan. I leaned in, pulling her hips against me. "All you have to do is tell me what you want."
"I-I want your cock."
"I couldn't quite hear you," I whispered before biting lightly at her ear. Her body shook. It was one of her many weak spots.
"I want Daddy's cock," she murmured in chagrin.
I felt myself swell against her. Holy shit. That turned me on way more than I thought it would. The words sounded surprisingly sexy from her lips. "Good girl," I praised, slipping the waistband of my boxers down. I felt her shiver in excitement.
I guided the tip of my eagerly throbbing phallus into her. She let out a loud moan as I entered. "Our neighbors are going to complain again," I warned her. The guy next door had to come over more than once to tell us to keep it down. His face was pure scarlet as he did so. I think a part of him enjoyed the show. "Or maybe you just want to show the virgin next door what a good little slut you are," I teased.
Jess's attraction to demeaning dirty talk was a bit difficult to adjust to at first, as with many of her kinks. I was starting to come around, however, even if it was only for the sake of her reactions. I started to slide in and out of her tight ass, reveling in the symphony of noises she made. Her voice was so sweet when it cried out in pleasure. A knock sounded on our wall. I froze for a moment, slipping my hand over her mouth. "You've got to keep it down sweetheart, he's getting jealous."
I resumed my pace, penetrating deep into her insides. Her passionate screams were muffled, her mouth open and gasping against my hand. I slipped a few fingers into her mouth, working them against her tongue and exploring her hot, wet orifice. I felt pressure building, and I knew I couldn't hold out any longer. I burst forth inside her, filling her to the brim with my seed. She panted breathlessly, rolling over onto her back. I could not help but notice her cock was still hard.
I saw a wisp of smoke outside the balcony window, and suddenly I was struck with inspiration. "Baby, go put on a skirt and a tight shirt," I ordered. She gave me a confused look, but leapt to her feet without much hesitation. I grabbed her arm briefly as she walked to the closet. "No panties." I threw on a pair of shorts, but left my shirt off.
Jess came back wearing a rather short circular skirt and a snug tanktop. She waited patiently for my lead. I went to the sliding door to the balcony, opening it and ushering her outside. She followed sheepishly, her face betraying her embarrassment as she realized my intentions. She clutched the hem of her skirt over her protruding erection in vain as we relocated outside. The sight of her alone had me ready for round two.
Our neighbor was out on the balcony adjacent to our own, smoking a cigarette. He gave us an awkward nod, having certainly heard Jess's unrestrained voice just moments ago. He did his best to hide it, but his eyes were glued to Jess. Though I was possessive, I didn't mind showing off once in a while. The idea of exhibitionism was strangely appealing, though we had never really given it a try. No time like the present.
Jess flashed him a nervous smile as she leaned over the railing. "Put on a good show for the neighbor boy," I whispered as I pressed up behind her. Her chest heaved with ragged breaths as she waited to be ravished. I pulled up the hem of her skirt, revealing her bare ass. I caressed it, making sure to do so in full view of the other balcony. I glanced over and sure enough, our neighbor was watching with rapt attention.
Even though she was already prepared I made a show of working my fingers inside of Jess. She desperately tried to control her volume as I teased her hole. I pulled out my manhood, positioning it between her ass cheeks. I knew I was big, even for a guy of my stature, so I made sure to flaunt it a little before pushing it inside. Jess moaned loudly as I plunged the full length of my cock inside her with one swift movement. I held her by the hips as I continued with slow, deliberate thrusts.
Our voyeur did his best to hide his interest but could not help himself. I glanced to the side to see him, cock in hand as he watched our little show. I pretended not to notice for now. I decided to make use of Jess's carefully curated flexibility, lifting her leg with one hand. I angled her more towards the other balcony, placing her on full display. The neighbor clearly wasn't expecting Jess's cock, as evident by the shock on his face, but he continued pleasuring himself.
Jess seemed conflicted as she was both mortified and aroused at being so publicly flaunted. She let out lewd feminine moans as I fervently penetrated her. Her breasts and cock bounced enticingly with each shove. "Now show him what a good little whore you are and cum for me," I commanded dominantly.
Jess moved one hand down to massage her small sex, maintaining eye contact with the neighbor boy as she panted heavily. I angled myself to hit her sweet spot, causing her to gasp. I prodded that spot over and over until I felt her tense up. She let out an erotic mewl as cum sprayed onto the balcony. I thrust a few more times for good measure, causing her to squeal.
"Now get down and finish Daddy's cock." She needed no further encouragement, gladly positioning herself at my waist. While Jess was already naturally gifted with her tongue and mouth, years of practice allowed her to hone her craft to perfection. She expertly flicked her tongue along the tip and length of me, one hand stroking the base and the other cradling my balls. As she began taking me into her mouth I spared a look to the balcony. I gave the guy a wink as I took hold of her hair.
"Ready sweetheart?" I asked, turning my attention back to her. She nodded with excitement. With her consent I pulled her head down, pushing her lips all the way to my hilt. My cock bulged visibly in her throat. I held there for a moment, enjoying the tight warmth of her throat. She gagged, and I pulled back, allowing her to catch her breath. Spit decorated her lips and chin as she gasped for air. I pulled her head back down and continued mercilessly fucking her throat. I already close to my second orgasm, so I figured I'd end things with a nice climax.
I pulled out, and she began stroking my sizeable cock in front of her face. She dutifully kneeled with her mouth open, awaiting my cum with hungry eyes as her hands worked me over. Moments later I felt myself tense. Cum exploded from the tip, sending thick ropes of white fluid cascading across her tongue and face. I let out wave after wave upon her, decorating her face with dripping white fluid.
Jess ran a finger along her chin, collecting some on her finger before shoving it in her mouth. The image was arousing beyond all measure, and remnicent of the first time I had seen her pleasure herself. She cleaned me off, zealously lapping every last drop of cum. We headed inside and I swatted Jess on the rear, causing her to yelp in surprise. I caught one final glimpse of our neighbor, who was sweating and breathless, and gave him a wicked grin.
Jess, starting to come down from the high of public sex, covered her face with embarrassment. "I can't believe we did that," she groaned.
"You're very good girl," I praised once more, slipping my arm around her waist and drawing her lips to mine. She still tasted like me.
"I am, aren't I," she giggled. "Though I think I'm going to need another shower already."
"Maybe. Sorry," I responded guiltily.
"It's okay." She hugged me with all her might. "I love you."
"I love you too sweetheart. I'll see you in there," I replied with a sly smile, ogling her as she headed back to the bathroom.