I reach my seat and sit down. I wince at the feeling of the cold leather on my bare thighs. This dress is lovely but even now, comfort and looks seems to be impossible to marry. He's on my right, softly caressing my arm, seeming to already be captivated by the still empty stage. He did remember to get seats in the back and near the aisle. Being able to leave on a pinch is often useful when we go out together. I smile at the cute blonde sitting to my left, her date and her the only obstacle from said aisle. Hopefully, we won't need to disturb them. I actually do want to see this show, it is quite promising and Blondie seems just as eager.
After another few minutes of setup, the lights dim and the curtain rises on the show. I lean forward on my seat; the prelude was fun, but I'm actually looking forward to this show. The music immediately transports me and I'm drawn in. I immerse myself into the story unfolding in front of me.
Suddenly, I feel his fingers brush against my nipple. How long as he had his arm over my shoulder? I turn to him and he is still looking ahead, engaging with the show. However, as soon as I look away from him, I feel him pinch my nipple, hard. I yelp and glare at him. He is still not looking at me.
The next few minutes are torture. I keep trying to focus on the show, but it's impossible since every few seconds, he pokes, caress or pinches a sensitive spot on my chest. I eventually stop struggling and just give up on trying to pay attention. I lean back and instead try to enjoy his touch. And that's when he decides to behave. What a dick!
He starts only softly caressing my shoulder with the tip of his finger. It's not an unpleasant touch, but he knows that I want more. As soon as I give up and look back down at the play, his hand starts deliciously manhandling my chest. I ignore him, which seems to encourage him. His arm is perfectly still as his fingers make a mess of my dress and of me.
He finally decides to get serious and sneaks his hand under the fabric making contact with my breast. The skin to skin contact was all I was waiting for. With a sigh, I melt. He starts rolling my nipple between his fingers. His touch was soft at first, but it progressively got harder and as I peek at his crotch, I notice that so was he. I'm not the only exhibitionist in this relationship.
I move my hand to his leg and caress his knee. He is still pretending to watch the show, but I can feel him squirming trying to drive my hand higher up. I keep my hand still. Now I get to be the tease! Seeming to have noticed that I didn't plan on responding to his hints, he decides to force my hand. I feel him reach into my dress and I am shocked to see him pull my breast out in the open. I gasp and pull my shawl down covering my chest and his already busy hand.
I need all my focus to not make a noise. He is tweaking me in all the ways he knows I like. Soft pinches, light scratches, occasional hard pulls, it's all there and just as I like it. Sensing me getting sore, he pushes the daring by pulling my other breast out.
My semi transparent shawl is the only shred of decency left to me. I'm mostly naked, in a room full of dozens of strangers. I'm naked, and any of them could see me if they only looked my way. My pussy gushes. I lean back, afraid I might lose the little strength left in me and slide off of my seat. I reach over and start massaging his crotch. No need for him to be having all the fun now. He groans softly and I look up at all the heads ahead of me. None of them seem to see us in the mostly dark room, none of them know what he is doing to me, what I'm doing to him, it feels so good.
At this point, I hear a moan. I almost berate myself for losing control again when I notice that the sound didn't come from me. To my side, the blonde had leaned back a bit and I can see what I assume is her partner's hand has now dipped into her clearly exposed panties. With my attention drawn to it, I also start hearing a soft splashing noise. Her cunt must be drenched.
Her escaped moan startled her as well and she immediately looks at me. Our eyes meet as her lover slightly ramps up the game. She closes her eyes, bites her lip to stifle a sound and throws her head back. After a few seconds, she looks at me again. I smile and wink at her. She smiles back and looks down at my tits out in the open. His hand pulling on my hard nipple and the hungry look in her eyes as she sees us make this so much better.
I can't hold it back anymore. I move around and I am able to finally get my hand on my wet pussy.The blonde leans away from me and opens her legs a bit to give me a better view. What a darling! I slide into the same position to give her a view of my hand in action. We are both looking into each other's eyes as we slowly build up. His hand is still pleasurably molesting my chest and blondie's partner seems to not be fingering her as she is getting busy with his crotch behind her.
Not wanting him to feel left out. I sit back up and turn around to face him. With my hand on his crotch, I bring my wet finger up to his nose. I feel his dick lurch under my hand. He turns around, looks me in the eyes and starts sucking my juices off of my fingers. I indulge him for a bit, before leaning in and whispering to him while pointing behind me:
"We've an audience"
Seeing blondie looking straight at him, he smiles devilishly.
"Let's make it worth their while then"
I smile back and reach into his pants, taking his straining penis out. I lean back into him and facing the blond again,setup a spectacle for her. I reach behind me and hold his hard dick jacking him slowly while keeping him in her line of sight. I then reach down and open up my pussy so she can see my finger slowly playing with my clit. With his hand still holding my breasts, I imagine I make a quite slutty picture. I love it!
Blondie seems to be enjoying our show and she turns to mirror my seating. We are now facing each other, each holding a cock in one hand and a dripping pussy in another. We look into each other's eye and synchronize our movements as we slowly bring our men to the edge. I can see hers looking at me, entranced by the spectacle we are putting on. Behind me, I can hear mine grunting, his twitching shaft in my hand tells me that we are making as much of an effect on him.
It occurs to me that we are getting close to the show's crescendo and my flair for the dramatic cannot help but flair up. I motion to Blondie as I slow down my stroke and she complies. I start matching my motion to the rhythm of the music. She seems to understand my goal and smiles at me. She keeps up with me. The men, if their dicks are anything to judge by, can barely handle it.
He starts nibbling at my ear, I assume trying to get me to speed up and let him finish. I ignore him and start humming along to the music. Blondie is still a perfect follower and we get to enjoy the show in our own way; a slowdown here, a squeeze there, I keep him on the edge as the music takes us all closer to a stupendous orgasm.
A few seconds before the finale, I wink at Blondie and nod as I abandon my tune and speed up my stroking. She giggles and does the same, whispering something to her man. I watch him lean in and suckle on her neck. She leans back and moans without slowing down her action on his dick. Willing to play along, he leans in and nibbles the side of my neck. I close my eyes for a second, the show is now the background music to our pleasure.
I feel the twitching in my hand intensify and I open my eyes just in time to catch Blondie's look as her partner's start copiously coming on her leg. She doesn't seem to mind. Behind me, I can feel him tense up and I watch his own jet of cum fall on the theater floor, after the 4th one, I cover his knobhead and let him finish in my hand. When he finally relaxes, I let go and lean into Blondie. I start feeding her my fingers and being as always my sister in perversion, she stuffs my mouth with her. We lick each other's fingers until we are clean and then lean back and look at each other, smiling. The men behind us seem to have enjoyed our finale, but the curtain call was ending and it was time to end our little event.
We walk out of the theater hand in hand, a happy quartet. They introduce themselves to us. We are all smiling, happy about an enjoyable evening. They leave us after we exchange contact information, we definitely will be seeing them again.
"I think we've made some new friends" I say, holding his arm and leaning into him.
"And as always lover, they like you more than me" he says smiling as we walk out.
"Well, you did make me into a captivating spectacle. I'm pretty sure that they missed most of the actual show."
"Lucky them, they got to see you at your most enticing. I'll need to see more of it before the night is through though. Just hearing you wasn't enough."
"I wouldn't want it any other way dear, but please, do make a donation to the theater, you made a mess in there."
"Yes ma'am!"