It was a typical Wednesday. I came home from work -- St. Peter's Catholic Middle School -- and stopped in the lobby of the apartment complex I now lived in to check my mail. I slipped the few envelopes out and glanced them over as I pushed the little door shut. Bills, mostly. Oh, good. An updated invoice from my divorce attorney. Somehow, even though my wife was the one that cheated, and I was the one who was faithful for 27 years, I was the one paying the most. Whatever.
I turned as a young woman in her mid-20s stepped into the lobby. Because of my angle, I noticed her legs first. Shapely and muscled, wrapped in yoga pants, and as they used to say, they went all the way up. I caught just a glimpse of her tight ass, as my eyes went past her exposed, toned stomach then up past a very -- significant -- chest.
On the other side of those delicious globes, her shoulders peeked out from a halter top. Hovering right above her sculpted collarbone, bobbed a ponytail of rich, naturally red hair. A white stick extended from her pursed red lips. As I finally got to her green eyes, I realized she was staring at me as I checked her out.
I blushed bright red at having been caught, but before I looked away, she just winked at me, and slowly pulled a round CBD lollypop from her mouth. Which, frankly made my slacks even more uncomfortable than they already were.
I bit my tongue to keep from inadvertently moaning out loud. She leaned closer and half whispered to me: "Did you like the show last night?"
After a moment of confusion, I closed my eyes and my mind flashed back to the previous night.
I had been sitting on my bed, watching TV, when I head a repeated thumping noise outside the window. My apartment overlooked the courtyard -- complete with drained and covered pool -- and I moved the blinds to look out. We had a sporadic issues with homeless people sneaking into the area between the buildings and I had taken it upon myself to keep an eye out.
I saw no homeless people, and then I heard it again. My eyes were drawn upwards and I realized the blinds on the balcony across from my apartment were open. The last tenant had moved out last month and had always kept them closed anyway. But it wasn't so much the blinds being open as what was now visible through the glass slider.
A woman's naked body was pressed against the doors. She was obviously being fucked from behind. I could just make out the dick in the shadows between her legs behind her. Her bald pussy lips split as it moved in and out of her, and her lips kissing and moisture dribbling down the glass. It looked like there was a little patch of hair was on her mons pubis.
Licking my lips, remembering the taste, I looked higher. The woman's breasts were capped with wide dark areolas, and hard, thick nipples. I had read the phrase, 'my nipples are hard enough to cut glass' in a couple of the chat rooms I indulged in after I moved out of my house and my wife's new boyfriend moved in. But this was the first time I'd ever seen anything close. Even though she was being pounded into the glass, her nipples seemed to be keeping the rest of her breasts from flattening against the glass.
Without even thinking about it, I reached down and touched my growing hard on. Would anyone blame me? Without warning, the woman's eyes opened, staring right at me, stroking through my pants. And she smiled.
I blinked, coming out of the memory, and the woman had an identical smile. She grazed my cheek with her finger. "I hope you enjoyed yourself. I certainly did." She glanced down -- I knew my cock was hard from the memory, let alone her touching me in such an intimate way, but how could I hide it?
"Tune in at 8:15 tonight, if you want to catch the next episode. But don't come until I do."
Then she was gone.
I raced to my apartment and threw a frozen pizza in the oven. Then grabbed my students' pre-Algebra homework and busied myself grading it. My teaching assignment was math, 6-8th grade; as a prestigious private school, many of the students had already mastered Algebra II before they got to high school, and we were known for placing students in top engineering colleges. Thankfully, my 6th graders didn't disappoint, and I was finished with grading and dinner by 8.
I didn't want to miss anything, so I tucked into the corner of my bed early and parted the blinds on the edge so I could be sure to see when the action happened.
The blinds on the balcony were already spread wide and I could see a bed pressed into that corner, not too unlike how my room was set up. On the far side of the bed, I could see shapes moving, but no one was close enough to identify.
One of them moved closer and I could see it was the young woman. She was wearing just a loose bathrobe and she pulled the comforter off the bed and folded it out of my sight. Then she popped back into the window. I could see the contours of her naked chest under the terrycloth. She looked right at me and tapped her wrist, mouthing eight fifteen.
I was embarrassed by being called out as too eager, but I didn't look away, instead taking a moment to slip my boxers down, revealing my slowly swelling cock. Her eyes widened slightly and she licked her lips before moving away.
A moment later, I was treated to quite a sight as the man she was with laid her across the bed. Her head was on the far side, but her knees were akimbo and I could see her glistening lips -- and a wide sparkling plastic purple jewel where her asshole should be. She was riding a butt plug!
She wiggled on the bed, pushing farther away and I could just see her red hair cascade off the far side of the bed. Her partner came close and I glimpsed her open those ruby lips before he slid inside her mouth and presumably down her throat.
Precum was already covering and starting to drip down my now hard shaft. I carefully used it to lubricate myself, not wanting to cum too soon. I hadn't promised, but I felt like I owed this gorgeous woman who had invited me to be a third party voyeur to her night of passion.
From the rhythm of her rocking on the bed, he had started fucking her throat and I found myself jealous and turned on. I had never been with another woman since my wedding. I didn't even want to break that trust during the divorce -- not that I had the opportunity either. And I wasn't a porn watcher either. But now I wanted what that man was getting. Not even with that girl, although I'd be fine with that. It was just new to watch it happen and feel things stirring.
At exactly 8:15 -- I don't know how the hell she did it, but I checked the clock -- she reached down, still being face fucked, and pointed a manicured index finger at her pussy -- no, if I looked closely -- was her clit poking out? Fuck.
I watched, rapt, as she fingered herself, teasing her pussy lips, dipping in, rubbing inside, spreading her lips, slapping, tweaking, tugging. Good lord, this woman knew how to pleasure herself much better than my ex did.
Slowly stroking, I watched as her partner pumped her throat, then filled her, cumming in her mouth and on her chest, as I struggled to hold on. I watched her tongue bathe the head of his dick, milking out another few drops, then he left to clean up.
I watched as she bent from the hips, smoothly, like a dancer into a sitting position.
She licked a stray bit of cum off her upper lip, then reached down. Her eyes on mine, she grasped the purple jewel and slowly drew it out of her tight, sexy ass.
I couldn't hear it, as it popped out of her, but I knew when it happened. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head, her lips formed an O, her body started shaking... and then she threw her head back, and her pussy exploded, spraying on the glass.
That was all the invitation I needed, but I fought my urges until she tilted her head back down to look at me. Then I let it fly. I know men cumming isn't as hot for women to watch as the reverse is for men, but I wanted to let her know I kept my silent promise.
It had been about a week since I had last -- you know. I got busy and still felt a little guilty taking care of myself. So there was a buildup, and I ejaculated several times, cumming all over the window and part way up my chest.
Once again her eyes widened. I didn't know if it was the quantity or the vessel it had erupted from, but it did a number on my ego. I needed that. Despite my considerable girth and larger than average length, my wife ex-wife had turned to another man to satisfy her in the bedroom. Knowing that a girl half my age was appreciative, even from a distance, was balm for my woes.
It was a few more days before I saw the woman again, naked or otherwise. Once again, it was in the lobby by the mailboxes. I was putting a birthday card for my daughter in the outgoing slot. She's a freshman at UCLA and loves it. I don't talk to her as much as I'd like, but she calls at least once a month. Pretty sure she's dating someone now, from what she hinted at during our last call, but I didn't want to pry.
I turned around and there was the woman. Today, she had her hair up in pigtails, the tips curled tightly into ringlets. She was in a low cut, short white sundress -- both her toned legs and her ample cleavage were on display. She was carrying a tennis racket in one hand.
I smiled and nodded, not sure what the etiquette was for whatever this thing was that we were doing. She smiled back, and then her face fell a little. Instantly I wanted to fix it, to help her, to make her smile again. Damnit. This was how I was with my wi -- ex when we first dated. I cannot be falling in love with this 20-something, no matter how much she got me off.
Ah, fuck it. I am who I am. But before I could say anything, she asked me a question.
"Do you really not recognize me, Mr. Miller?"
I didn't. Fuck. Shit. Who was this girl and why did she know my name? Only my students called me Mr. Mill--Suddenly it dawned on me. No, it couldn't be.
"Amber? Amber Crutchfield?"
Her eyes lit up and I knew I was in trouble -- good trouble, but trouble just the same.
"You DO remember me!"
"Well, it's been what 10, 12 years."
"Twelve. I never forgot how you defended me. Like my prince charming -- well, King Charming, I guess."
When Amber had left for summer break after 6th grade, she was a normally proportioned 10-year-old girl. When she arrived for the first day of seventh grade, in my Algebra class, well, let's just say the boob fairy had visited her over the summer.
She didn't just develop -- it was like she went from a training bra to a 34C. And of course, the other kids wanted to tease her about it. I put a stop to that, but hadn't given it much thought since then.
Looking at her now, she continued to develop into adulthood. She caught me staring again.
"38E. I even had breast reduction surgery after college, cause they were killing my back, but I didn't want to go too small."
She smiled, self-consciously. Weird, since I'd seen them naked twice now.
"I saw you when I moved in, you know. My favorite teacher ever, Mr. Miller."
"Please, call me Paul."
She tried it out. "Paul. Paul. Paul Miller."
I tried not to fantasize about her moaning it.
"So you and your boyfriend moved in across the way."
"Oh, no. He's not my boyfriend."
"Husband?"
She laughed out loud. "No. No, Mr. Mill -- Paul. Not my boyfriend or my husband and he doesn't live with me. He just helps me out sometimes."
"Oh, I see." Friends with benefits. Kids and their ways these days.
She giggled, "I don't think you do. Sure, he's a good fuck. But I did that for you."
I probably looked like my brain exploded -- it nearly did. I opened my mouth and shut it again, thankful we were the only ones in the lobby.
"I wanted you to see how much I'd grown up. How adult I was. You were so nice to me back then, and now I had a way to reward you."
"Oh, okay. If that's all it was, I understand. Thank you."
"You're being very obtuse, Paul." She drew my name out, Paaaauuul, like a moan.
Another tenant came in. Louis something or other, with a dog.
She leaned in close, her breath on my cheek as she whispered, "Don't think I didn't see how hard you got watching me, or how much you came, or" I felt her hand graze the front of my jeans. "how much you have to offer."
She stepped back. "Dinner at my place at 7, Mr. Miller? Bring some wine. I'll take care of everything else. I'm in 312. Oh, and my grandma always used to say eat dessert first. I hope you don't mind."
She whisked away from me before I could say anything. I saw Louis giving me side eye.
"Former student. Wants to thank me for helping her graduate from a really good college."
"Uh huh." He tugged on his dog's leash and went out the front door. I headed out the back.
At 7pm sharp -- clearly punctuality was important to Amber -- I was knocking on her front door. She opened it right away and I gasped. Yes, I know I work at a Catholic school, but I have trained myself not to imagine what was standing in front of me.
Amber had somehow squeezed into her old uniform, or a close facsimile. White cotton blend blouse tight across her incredible breasts, with long silky sleeves. A tight, short tartan skirt in my school's pattern, or whatever you call it. White stockings that went all the way up, and black chunky heels strapped onto her feet.
She still had the pigtails, but they were smaller, and higher up, and her long red hair was layered with ringlets and curls. I just stared. I didn't know this was my fantasy before it was standing in front of me, but goddamn. I struggled to raise the wine bottle.
"Visitors usually greet me with a kiss."
"Oh, of course" I leaned in to do the European two cheeks maneuver, but Amber reached around behind my neck, pulling me into a deep kiss, with plenty of tongue. I barely managed to not drop the wine bottle as she pressed her whole body to mine, pulled me in and nudged the door shut.
Amber tugged me into her living room, then finally released the kiss. I gasped for air, and immediately wanted her mouth on mine again. She let me kiss her again, but briefly as she dragged her lips and tongue away, then traced them down my chin and throat.
I had a sudden realization: "Sorry I didn't shave."
I felt her tongue go flat and run it up my stubbly neck, then nibble on my chin.
"No, Paul. I like a manly man."
She tugged my tie loose and kissed my adam's apple.
"I've been waiting so long for this," she moaned. I watched as she slowly lowered herself to her knees. She unzipped my pants, sliding them and my boxers down. My cock rewarded her by popping right into her face.
"MMmmm." She wrapped her hand around the thickness, then licked from the mushroom crown down to my balls. "I see you found time to shave something."
I exclaimed out loud as she slurped one, then the other of my nuts into her wet mouth. Then she licked all the way back up the shaft, traced her tongue around the head, and then teased the hole with the tip.
"Oh, fuck, Amber. That, that..."
"Am I a good little cocksucker, Daddy Paul?" she moaned.
"Goddamn!"
She giggled. "I'll take that as a yes." She looked up at me, making eye contact, then pursed her lips, still holding my shaft. She rubbed her red lips over the head, coating them with sticky precum. Then she used the head of my cock to part her mouth like a pussy, taking inch by inch down. To her credit, she got 2/3rds in before she had to pause.
She slowly slid it back out, saliva and precum dripping off it.
"You're so big, Daddy. But don't worry. We'll get it all the way down."
"Eight inches," I moaned as she took me deep in her mouth again. As she gobbled me, my mind flashed back to the sight of her being throat fucked a few days before. That would be all the way down. Oh, fuck yes.
She bobbed on my cock some more, licking up and down the shaft, suckling on the head, nuzzling my balls. She was really good -- it almost felt like what I imagined two women sharing my cock might be like.
Finally she let go, and rose to her feet. She took my hand and led me into the bedroom. I noticed the comforter was already removed and folded up. The blinds were closed too. She pushed me down onto the bed, seated. Then leaned in, kissing me deeply while unbuttoning my shirt. My pants were still in the living room.
She pushed my shirt open and ducked down to bite at my nipples. Fuck, I loved it when my ex did that. No, don't think of her now.
Amber kissed my chest, then backed away. Slowly, she started undressing, working the blouse buttons loose, slipping the sleeves off. Wiggling her fine ass as she slid the skirt down. Now she was just in a pushup bra -- like she needed it -- and a tiny thong. She did a quick 360 and I saw that she once again was plugged -- and maybe it was being closer -- but the end capping it seemed even larger than the last one.
Amber straddled me. I could feel a sudden wet spot on her panties as she settled across my legs. Another ego boost. She wrapped both of her hands on my neck and pulled me in, thrusting my face against her cleavage. I did my best to kiss and lick.
After a moment, she released me and took hold of my cock.
"Take off my bra, Daddy. It's a front closure."
My hands trembled as I worked the clasp -- I had seen these several times, but now they were up close. Plus, she was my former student and she kept calling me Daddy. Two more huge unrealized turn-ons.
Finally I slipped it free and there they were. I moved close, taking one incredible nipple in my mouth and suckling on it like a baby. Amber tensed and moaned with pleasure. I worked on one for a while, then switched. Then I had an idea. I could have never done this with my B-cup ex-wife. I pushed Amber's tit flesh together and snagged both nipples in my mouth at one time, sucking hard.
"Oh, oh, oh my gawd, Daddy!" I felt Amber cumming in my arms, her whole body shaking. I sucked on her nipples again, gently raking my teeth on them, and she was hit with another wave. "Fuuuuuck!"
I swung her around off me, onto the bed, and slid to my knees, pressing her legs apart. I ran the flat of my tongue all the way up her pussy lips, then thrust it inside. Amber was still cumming, wave after wave. I reached up and grabbed the tuft of hair -- as ginger as her head. Perfect.
I tugged her body up even as I moved my mouth down over her swollen, exposed clit. I sucked it hard, drawing a little more of the sensitive button out, causing Amber to shriek, and my mouth and face were splashed as she squirted -- over and over -- a lot more than with the other guy.
"You taste delicious, my child..." I thought for a second, remembering her earlier question. "My whore of a daughter, cumming on her daddy's face like a common slut."
That got me a "FUCK, YESSSSSSS!!" and another jet of girl cum.
I climbed back up, laying next to Amber and kissing her deeply.
"I love the taste of my pussy and cum on your mouth, Daddy," she moaned. "But now I need your cock inside me. Please."
I smiled and looked around. "Do you have a condom?"
"Fuck, no." she replied matter of factly. "I want to feel you cum inside me. Deep inside me, Daddy. I want your seed."
I know, I know, I should have waited. Gone to the drug store. Hell, I should have brought my own. But I hadn't and now -- well, fuck it, I wasn't waiting and neither was she.
Amber raised her legs up, knees spread wide. She traced her fingernail around her clit, ahh-ing as she did. I straddled her and she took my cock in hand. She rubbed it on her clit, then pushed it down into her precious wet folds.
I hadn't really been able to see the guy's dick before, but it must not have been too wide, cause goddamn was Amber's pussy tight. Remember, I hadn't fucked another woman since I married my wife. And this was not only a fresh, new, young pussy, it gripped my cock like a vise. I pressed deeper, making Amber moan louder. I could feel her stretching out as I thrust deeper, til finally my balls slapped her ass.
"Oh my gawd, Daddy! You filled me all up. I've never been this full before. Ohhhhhhhhh."
After a moment to let her get used to it, I pulled everything out by the tip.
"Put it back, Daddy. I want it. I need it. I need to be full. Please, please, please fuck me, Da-- FUUUUCK!"
I thrust back in, this time pile driving it all the way in, then started fucking her for real, in and out, over and over. I could feel a slight pressure from the plug in her ass as I fucked, but it only made it that much better for both of us.
Miraculously, I lasted a good 20 minutes inside her tight wet coed pussy before I felt my balls start to boil. Amber felt it too, my cock tightening as the flow started to go up the shaft.
"Are you sure --"
"Don't you fucking dare pull out, Paul. I want to feel you explode inside me, fill my fertile young womb with your hot, potent seed."
Yes, I know. Red flag number two. But maybe I wanted a baby. A new marriage. Certainly to fuck this beautiful former student again. Besides, even before I could think it, the decision was out of my hands, so to speak.
"Yes, yes, fuck yesssssssss" Amber managed to cum again as I pumped her full of my semen. So much so that I filled her up, cum pushing my cock back out of her, and I splashed the last stream over her thatch of red hair, tummy and onto her tits.
She swung around, her legs up, ankles on the wall next to the bed, flopped her head over, her red ringlets bouncing. She grabbed my shaft, licking the head, then pulled it into her mouth. A moment later I felt it pass her gag reflex and her lips kissed the root of my cock. I looked down, seeing the head of my cock in her throat, like an adams apple. Which sent me over the edge again. I didn't even know I'd reloaded, but here I was pumping more cum right into her stomach.
I felt her tongue lapping at my balls, then watched as she reached down and pulled the plug from her ass. The bulb was larger and thicker and I could see the gape in her ass after it was removed.
Amber slid my cock out of her mouth, spun around and perched on all fours. Her gaping ass an invitation.
"I had to put a really big one in to be ready for your monster cock, Daddy." She wiggled her ass and batted her eyes flirtatiously. Her hair swished, somehow sexy too.
"How soon will you be ready to fuck again?"
I looked down at my cock, then climbed up on the bed and pointed it at the wide hole.
"How about now, slut?"
I heard her giggle and then moan.