My husband, Vijay, left on his business trip, after he watched an eyeful of love (and lust), which Kishan and I blatantly demonstrated, for each other (Previous chapter explains why 'blatant'). I would have never imagined, before we came on this trip, that I would even be masturbated naked, with my willingness, in the company of two fully clothed men. After Vijay left, our love making continued, with me riding my lover in a passionate intercourse taking me to my third orgasm of the day.
We had barely managed a few hours of sleep, in the night! Kishan really hadn't let go off me fully. He had seemed obsessed of my pussy, more than any other part in my body, with my breasts scoring a distant second. He had his penis or fingers in my pussy, even during our sleep. May be, he had a pussy fixation, I thought!
(Read previous chapter, for all the action, referred above, in more detail).
Day 2... continues:
Time was just past 10 O' clock. Kishan had cancelled his businesses for the day.
He was seated on the sofa. I was lying exhausted on his lap, wondering how many more orgasms were in store for me that day. He suggested that we go sight-seeing around the city to get refreshed from the non-stop love making sessions, since previous evening.
We decided to visit just one or two places. We did not want to spend too much time, outdoor, either.
In the first tourist spot that we visited, we were open about our enamoured love for each other, amongst the company of nameless faces. Intimacy between Kishan and I was too conspicuous to ignore. There was a dispersed crowd all around.
I was wearing a transparent sari. It was bluish white. A sari is normally wrapped around the waist, with the loose end of the drape worn over the shoulder, baring the midriff areas. I knew I always looked sexy in a sari. The drape part was so sheerer that the rest of the sari that the blouse was bared fully.
This time, my blouse was even sexier than the sari. It was a vest-like single-piece elastic blouse; white in colour and very wide necked, exposing my shoulders totally. It had no buttons or shoulder straps. It just held on at the biceps. In order to wear or remove, you just had to pull it over your head.
When I had worn them in the morning, Kishan had said I looked gorgeous in this. The sheer sari drape was offering unhidden view of my blouse. Though I tried pushing them underneath, every now and then, my bra straps were visible at the corners. It offered the only unsightly element, in my designer look.
"Why don't you go bra-less?"
"Are you crazy?"
"The shoulder strap of your bra, underneath the wide shouldered blouse, does not offer a pleasing sight of, otherwise, a gorgeous lady. You must use either strapless brassieres or nothing underneath. Your perky breasts, in fact, do not need them."
I had to agree to his point of view. I wasn't comfortable adjusting the straps frequently to get them out of the view. I decided to go braless. The blouse clung to my breasts like a second skin. I was in awe of his judgement and the beauty tips he had for me. Where did he learn this?
Coming back to the first tourist spot we were in... Kishan's hands were, at times, all over my sensual parts like thighs, pelvis, belly, and ribs. He even managed to plant firm kisses on my lips or cheeks. When he was mischievous and thought no one noticed, he grasped my tits playfully. I could see jealous gazes from the male population, following us wherever we went, eyeing our public demonstration of romance.
We decided to move to another tourist spot, which was, unlike the first one, almost inaccessible and secluded where not many tourists preferred to visit. It was a big scenic pond and few other attractions, inside an expansive forest type area.
We entered from the remote side of the pond, where only people with own vehicles dropped by and the entrance fee was costly.
We sat down on a green top, under a tree nearby, facing the pond. Kishan's eyes were roaming all over my body in a romantic way. I noticed odd couples sitting in the other side of the pond. We were the only ones in this part of the pond. The other side was at least 500 meters away. Nonetheless, we could see the people from here. Kishan's car came handy, as we did not have to take a driver with us, hampering our privacy.
Kishan moved behind me and pulled me closer to him making me rest on his chest. He started kissing my ear lobes and cheeks from behind with his hands on my naked belly. In the process, my sari drape had fallen aside. He brought up both his hands to place them on my tits. My nipples were already expectant of his touch and erect through the material of the braless blouse.
Before I could protest, he pulled the blouse to my neck, fully exposing my breasts to Mother Nature... and the people on the other side of the pond. If they had had binocular, it would have shown them everything in graphic detail. Even without binocular, they would have obscurely noticed what we were up to.
I tried to pull my transparent sari to cover my modesty. Kishan kept pulling it down.
"Why don't you at least cover my breasts with the sari drape? You will still view their nakedness clearly, through the sheer material. Only those in the far will have trouble viewing them."
"I want to have a supreme clarity of each and every erotic spot on your tits." Kishan then confessed his fascination for my tits, "Vandana, do you know that you have the most beautiful pair of tits."
The romantic atmosphere was making it so erotic that I stopped bothering, after a while. Rather I was surprised at an inexplicit desire surfacing within me, wishing Kishan had stripped me, completely from top to bottom, and made love to me.
"I have no idea, if I had the most beautiful tits in the world. But, how do you know? How many pair of tits have you had your hands on, you playboy? " I chided in mocked anger.
"I get to only see them in pornographic materials, which are freely tossed around at some of my bachelor friends' places... From what I have seen, you are world class."
"Me... or... my tits..?"
"Both!"
He planted a kiss on my forehead over my head, and grabbed my tits.
I wondered what the couples in the other side were doing!
"I think we must stop! We are not alone!"
"They are very far from here and cannot get a clear view. Even if they can, I do not care... They are all couples, and I am sure they are all engrossed, having some fun, on their own, like we are doing."
I was but sure none of them dared to get topless like me.
Just as he was talking, he swiftly pulled my blouse over my head. His hands were back hurriedly on my breasts and lips on my lips as if he wanted to prevent me from protesting. His fingers were playing with my erect nipples, which had grown to their full aroused size of one inch. He then turned me around and made me lie on his lap and started to take my nipples between his nipples and chew them gently. I was losing my senses.
I felt his hands moving on my waist. He was tugging at the waist loosening my sari and inside skirt. His hand entered underneath the fabrics to feel my pubic hair and then the pussy without exposing them. By then, I had lost all my senses. I felt that an exhibitionist streak in me was coming out as well. I was involuntarily lifting my ass for him to push my sari and skirt down, suggestive of a public nudity.
I saw a puzzled look in his face, for a moment. He regained his composure and was slowly pushing my fabrics down, exposing my hairy mound to the Mother Nature as well. I reached an orgasm in no time, shamelessly in public, though they were far and could not have recognized our faces, if they saw us in future.
Soon, I realized what we were doing and I pushed him aside. I adjusted my sari and wore my blouse. Kishan was disappointed and looked in a mood for more. Did he want to make love to me, right there?
Adjusting my sari, I told him, "I am sorry! But, let us leave and do the rest in the room, my friend."
When I got to my feet, I could see more eyes than before, looking in our direction, from the far end. The cameras were not permitted in the other side of the pond, so I was relieved. But, who knows, if someone had sneaked in one. I thanked God that I did not let my senses take over me beyond a point and let Kishan make love to me.
We decided to get moving from there. I rechecked my blouse. The erectness of the nipples was showing clearly through the sheer sari material. It had never subsided during the entire sight-seeing. If someone had a look close up, my aroused nipples surrounded by two-inch diameter areolae would have been showing through my white blouse. It was not difficult to guess why so many were ogling at my tits that day.
We decided to finish our lunch, in the market area. We found one expensive restaurant but the time was just half past noon. Kishan wanted to kill some more time, as we were not hungry. We noticed a few show rooms just next to the restaurant, where we decided to spend some time.
He took me straight to a Jewellery shop and bought me an expensive ring, which fitted me perfectly. I declined to accept it without Vijay's knowledge. He paid for it and got it gift-wrapped.
We, then, entered the adjacent textile show room. He headed straight to the designer lingerie section and asked for designer brassieres and flimsy panties that would hardly cover my modesty. I flushed at the suddenness of it. I could not refuse another gift or ask him to get Vijay's approval. I selected three different types, each revealing in their own way. This was the first time I was buying designer lingerie. Though revealing, they were very comfortable holding my breasts firmly, when I tried them in the trial room.
The sales girls at the counter were observing my breasts in my white revealing blouse. It was not difficult to guess that they were able to sight my nipples and areolae. Did they think that I had not carried any bra with me to this tourist station and that's why we were buying them here? I thought I at least had a reason for my braless display, albeit only for the showroom staff. I proudly walked around pushing my breasts forward, until we were in the showroom.
We sat across each other over the lunch. Kishan presented me the lingerie pack. It was not wrapped, so anyone can identify what he was presenting me.
"I would love to see you in them, once we get back to our suite."
"Do you have a breast fixation? I thought you only had a pussy fixation!"
"You call me anything... breasts fixated, pussy fixated, navel fixated... But please prefix them all with Vandana's"
I laughed, "You are naughty!"
I could not help but notice the ogling of my breasts here as well... I had made the day for the all-male restaurant attendants.
Kishan said, "I think they are able to detect some of your erogenous spots."
I feigned ignorance, "I don't get you."
"I said that your milky breasts are on a display inside the milky blouse. The colour contrasts gives a sketchy spectacle of your darker nipples and areola."
"Why did you not tell me before? We could have skipped our lunch!"
"Let them, poor people. They cannot get beyond just a hazy view, anyway. You seem to be enjoying too!"
"Do you mean to say that I have an exhibitionist streak?"
"I do like to see the tensions and excitements, in their faces, when they are near us. There is nothing wrong in showing off a little, if you have the beauty."
By the time we finished our lunch, the attendants had vied with each other to service our table.
We returned back to the solitude of the Hotel, by half past one.
Kishan said, "Why don't you trim your pubic hair and come, before you try the lingerie?"
I asked, "What does it got to do with it?"
"The purpose of a 'revealing costume' will be served only you are trimmed at the right places."
"Are you planning to strip me naked in a public place again like you did today?"
"I thought that you were enjoying it too. But, seriously speaking, I will not try it again. Both of us drifted from this earth for a moment. I am sorry."
"It is ok... Luckily, I came back to my senses too."
"OK, what about the trimming? I want to you be trimmed when you wear this fancy stuff."
"OK... if you want it so. I do not want to spoil your fun. But it would be lonely to sit inside this bath room, all by myself."
"I will give you company. In fact, I can help you with it, doing it for you. All you need to do is just remove your panties, sit and watch."
I did not hesitate to take his offer. My wetness, in my pussy, resurfaced.
I got naked. The bathtub was a corner style type and triangle in shape. At one of the three sides, it had a seat, where one can sit above the water level and. I sat myself there. Kishan sat, with his shaving kit, inside the tub facing me. His head was at level with my tummy. He placed a couple of bath towels under my buttocks, so that he was able to work on my pussy areas comfortably. I stretched my legs over his sides, in a 'V' shape
"I had wanted you to remove only your lower garments."
"But, I want to help you with your breast fixation, while you help me with my pubic hair."
He wasted no time in trimming my hair with a pair of scissors, over my vagina leading up to my ass crack quickly. Once he was satisfied, he took out a razor to have me completely shaved, on the vaginal mound and the areas surrounding my pussy opening. He, then, made me stand place my knees on the towel and hold my hands on railing outside the bathtub. I was literally on all my four, with my ass crack staring at his face. It helped him to do a perfect job of my ass. I could not help but ooze my love fluids shamelessly, while he was at his job.
I looked down to realize that I had been totally shaved clean except for a small trimmed triangle, a few inches above my mound. As I cleaned myself, I realized that I had been shaved fully in other places such as my mound, vagina and ass. The skin surrounding my asshole had never been this smooth. My pussy had the same feel. My shaved vaginal cleft was on display, even with closed thighs. I was blushing.
Back in the room, Kishan made me wear his presents. The brassieres covered my tits well enough, but it had no straps and was holding only because of the mass of my breasts. The panties were so flimsy that my cleft was clearly visible through the material.
Kishan was admiring me in them, "Do you know how many people, in this hills station, would have wanted to see your breasts naked?"
"How do you know?"
"Don't tell me you did not notice. Almost everyone was observing your tits today. Many of them were taking pictures of you, pretending as if they were clicking the scenery, around the tourist spots."
"Hope, nobody had clicked me topless in the second tourists spot."
"No, but the bloused snaps itself will be revealing, if they made them into blow-ups!"
"Don't tell me."
"OK, I am joking. You are such an angel that anyone would like to keep a photo of you in their album... What I actually want to tell you is that I am the only one who has had the honour of not just seeing your tits but more than that," he chuckled.
We did not resort to a love making session, as both of us were very tired and automatically fell into a nap in the air-conditioned comfort. It turned out to be a long sleep for both of us. We did not wake up till it was 5 O' Clock. When I woke up, my strapless bra was below my breasts.
I did not attempt to pull my brassiere back and wanted Kishan, who was still deep asleep, to see my nakedness, when he woke up. I just closed my eyes, facing the ceiling, lying topless. In few minutes, I heard him shuffle. Not long after, I felt him kissing my naked nipples.
I did not open my eyes for next half hour and continued to feign asleep. His lips and hands paid attention only to my breasts, areolae and nipples. I had never realized that I could orgasm, just by manipulation of my breasts. When I was close to a climax, I reached for my clit, through the flimsy panties and started to rub, as if I was doing it in my sleep. His hand was on mine, joining me in my rubbing of my clit. I attained orgasm, while his mouth and other hand were still playing on my tits.
As I was lying spent, Kishan asked "When did you wake up?"
"Long since you started playing with my tits. I am sore. You did only my tits for almost an hour?"
"Sorry. But I could not control after our erotic sight-seeing trip."
"So, Am I not right when I said that you have a breast fixation?"
"May be... But, your show off your nipples and areolae through the braless white blouse to so many of the tourists was a big turn on for me today. I just imagined all those ogling eyes looking at me jealously, when I was devouring your tits like that. I am sorry if I made you sore in the process."
"You are a pervert!" I had a mocked anger in my face. He came forward to kiss.
"Who had appreciated my breasts more? Men or women..?"
"I had appreciated them more than anybody else. Many of them caught me looking at your breasts rather than the other way round."
"You naught, you would have made it so obvious that I was braless, by looking at me like that in public."
"Yes, I think so. But, what's wrong in displaying if you have a pair of knockers like that."
We decided to end the erotic talk and ordered the room service for coffee and refreshed ourselves. We went out for a stroll and came back at the dinner time.
We ordered dinner in the room. Kishan ordered some beer for him and vodka for me. I had had vodka only before marriage, with my college mates, during some college festivities. It was a strict no-no for housewives in India to have alcohol in any form. When Kishan enquired, I agreed because of the long sessions of love making that had worn me out. I had to recharge for our 'second' night, before we returned home next day.
On his part, Kishan started to engage me constantly with small erotic talks, during our every act of love making in the second night. It took me a while to realize that I had started to surrender my body (and soul) completely to the manoeuvres of Kishan.
To start with, he was keen to know which of the body parts of mine were virginal. He was bringing up such talks when he was licking my mildly hairy armpits or my navel. He took a long look at my armpits (or navel) and talked to me about how great they looked and how musky they smelt.
After spending good amount of time on my armpits and navel, Kishan rolled me over and made me lie on my stomach. He then pulled me down to one of the corners of the bed, in a 45 degree angle, and inserted a couple of pillows under my waist. From below my knees, the legs were without any support. He then sat over the same corner between my buttocks, and brought me calf to rest on his thighs. The bed side table had the massage oil, which was indispensable for a professional massage. He had apparently bought it in the market place, during our lunch outing.
He started to massage me, from my neck through my spine down to the small of my buttocks. His manoeuvrings, aided by the massage oil, took me to seventh heaven. My back bone had never felt this good in all these years. He spent considerable amount of time rubbing me from neck to waist. He turned me over and continued the massage from my neck down to my chest and belly.
My areolae, nipples, shoulders, armpits, spine and rib cages, all came alive with his magic touch. This was a discovery of sorts of erotic spots in my body, which, I never thought, had ever existed.
There were still more parts yearning for his touch, like my buttocks and insides of my thighs. He had turned me over on my stomach again, but did not reach for my bums.
I was yearning badly for his touch. I needed him to knead my buttocks. I was writhing my buttocks, in anticipation of his touch. Was he teasing me by not reaching for them? May be, he liked to watch my aching and wanted me to beg him. But, I stopped short of asking him exactly that. With time ticking away and no sign of him reaching for them, my buttocks had involuntarily and alluringly lifted.
I sensed that his determination was very strong. I decided to tease him in return.
When he went back to massaging my neck, I had discreetly shifted my thighs wide enough. I was sure it would have offered him a generous glimpse of my asshole, as I could feel the coldness of the AC reaching my asshole. I was shameless but had no choice. I had never thought I would put my asshole on a display like this to anyone.
That should have done the trick. When his hands reached my hips, he paused for a few seconds. The view would have provoked him, I thought. He slowly brought his face down and kissed my ass cheeks. He then did the most erotic thing by widening my ass crack further with his nose, cold air wafting into my ass hole.
He suddenly sprang to his feet. I was clueless what he was going to do. He sat on the floor in the same angle and pulled me further towards him. He made me rest my calf muscles on his shoulders
While I expected him to lick my asshole, I, instead, felt his nose there, while his tongue was starting to explore my vagina. I understood that he was still in his teasing mode, as he went back, this time to massage my buttocks.
But, I knew the trap had already been laid. Massaging buttocks was a clear sign of what he had intended to do next. In a few minutes, I felt his tongue collecting my vaginal fluids and, with it, traveling upwards, sensually licking the passage between my vagina and asshole. He continued his focus on the passage. It was taking my pleasures to another new high.
He still had not reached my asshole. He was perhaps just millimetres away from my asshole all the while when he was licking the passage. I was amazed at his stubbornness.
I finally conceded my defeat and begged him, in a sex charged tone, "Enough of your teasing, Kishan! Will you kiss my asshole?"
He laughed mildly and tuned me over to kiss me, on my mouth lovingly.
"I am sorry!"
He did not waste more time. He rolled me over for the umpteenth time and positioned himself. His tongue, with his fingers helping him, reached for my asshole. The feel of his tongue, on my asshole, sent shivers down my well-oiled spine. He started kissing and licking my asshole with great passion and measured authority. He was devouring me.
He did not use any oil in the ass crack or vagina, as he perhaps wanted to taste me in all my nature glory. Just as I was about to orgasm from his exploration of my ass and asshole, two of his fingers of his left hand reached my vagina from below for a clitoris massage. He then made me lift my shoulders so that his right hand could reach my breasts and squeeze them as well. All my erotic zones were simultaneously being serviced by my lover now. Only my mouth was left to fend for itself! I badly yearned for his mouth on my mine, but this would mean sacrificing the current position.
I caught hold of his right hand freeing it from my breasts and moving up to my mouth. I took his index finger into my mouth and started licking it from its tip to its base, like a seasoned porn star. The entire scene made me reach a violent orgasm in no time. As I spent all my sex fluids on his face, I bit into his finger.
At the height of my orgasm, he withdrew from his ass eating, swiftly rolled me over and started licking my vaginal opening good and hard. He brought up both his hands and took one breast in each hand and squeezed them little harder too. He then freed his right and lifted me to push his index finger into my asshole slowly. As his fingers were already greased from the massage oil, it was easy for him to slide deep into my asshole. He started finger fucking my ass, while he ate my pussy. Just I reached my climax, he got up to meet my mouth with his for a passionate kiss. His finger was still inside my asshole.
I wondered if he had graduated from a premier sex training institute that taught mastering the intricacies of love making.
While I was lying exhausted, he asked me, "Have you ever been kissed and licked in all these places by your husband?"
I feigned as if I did not understand and asked him, "Which parts do you mean?"
He explicitly started mentioning each part.
With every part that he mentioned, my answer was like, "Yes, I was a virgin of sorts!"
He wiggled his finger that was still in my asshole and asked, "What about your asshole?"
I said "That included!"
This talk was making me hot again. I realized that Kishan had not come yet. I broke his kiss and lowered my mouth in a flash to take his cock in my mouth while my legs straddled his face. I did not realize the 69 position that I was unintentionally getting into with my lover.
While he lied on his back facing the ceiling and I sucked his cock hungrily, I felt his mouth on my vulva. Only then, I realized the possibility of my pussy and asshole getting serviced by him again. He licked the entire length from my vagina to my asshole as if his hunger still had not subsided. He was using his teeth to bite most of my vaginal spots while it was his tongue that started exploring the insides of my asshole with his fingers were in a great position, widening my ass cheeks completely for his view and feel. I was more than eager to shed my last bit of modesty and widened my thighs further.
It was a never before experience for me. As a result, I went through a series of orgasms in quick successions.
At one point, I could feel his tightening of muscles. Kishan started fucking me in my mouth hard but sensually while he clinched my clitoris between his teeth. We climaxed almost simultaneously as his cock erupted his semen down my throat while my clit, thinly adhering to my body, completely vanished into his mouth between his teeth and tongue. He was almost violent but was skilful enough to not hurt.
We finished our drinks and dinner and went to sleep early.
In the middle of the night, I felt his cock in my pussy from behind.
He was whispering to me, "My penis did not enter you today, after the sofa act in the morning dear."
"But, you are in me now!"
He turned me over for a highly satisfying missionary fuck that Indians mostly love to do. It would have been like a sumptuous dinner without the dessert.
We withdrew and slept. We did not disturb each for the rest of the night. We must have slept for eight hours, except for the small break in between for the missionary union of our reproductive organs and fluids.
Day 3
We woke up at seven in the morning. Vijay was to return by eleven and we were to check out by noon.
I thought Kishan was already in the bath room. I knocked. The door had not been fastened. I opened and peeped inside. I did not see him. There was no noise except for the running of the Hotel's bath exhaust system.
"Why don't you join me?" His voice was coming from the bath tub.
"Hey, you are already having a bath?
"Sort of... I can but do it with you."
"I have not brushed. I have not done my other morning stuff, you know..."
"Why don't you come for a morning cuddle first? You can do your stuff later."
I came out of my nightie and got inside the tub to sit on the seat facing him. We clung to each other.
"Let me kiss you."
"Hang on... I have not brushed."
He came on his knees, facing me, pulled me closer and kissed me, "I don't mind. I love your smell"
"Crazy?" I kissed him back. Our passions were back. We had an extended kiss!
I murmured huskily to Kishan, "I need to pee."
"Go ahead."
"Only if you leave, can I get up from the tub."
"I thought you wanted to pee here and was asking for my permission."
"Are you crazy?"
"I don't mind again. This tub can be flushed out and filled with fresh water for our final wash. I do not want to break the morning cuddle."
"Urinating in the bathtub is not a decent or a clean act."
"But, I need you for a few minutes, at least." I was in a very tight embrace.
"But, I need to pee before that."
His manhood was pressing against my navel, with his things inadvertently pressing on my tummy... Even as we were talking, I could not control it any longer... I did not know how I let my bladders go! Kishan heard the steady flow of stream. He sat down to watch me pee, which was spraying on his face and chest. I was feeling both relieved and erotic.
I said, "I am sorry. I could not control."
"Vandana, I am to blame, as I should have released you. Anyway, urine is harmless. Have we not heard of people drinking their own urine for medicinal values?"
"Yes. Is this not indecent?"
"Nothing is indecent between you and me."
"OK, are you not going to flush this water out and fill fresh water?"
"We will do it later, after you join me again after your brush, etcetera."
"I need to do my other things as well, not just brush... you know that... "
"Like what?"
"Come on Krish! I need to shit. Please finish your bath first. If you want me to join you in the tub for some action, please go out for a while and come back when I tell you."
"I know that you need to shit... My 'etcetera' meant that... By the way, you have the privacy here, as I cannot see you on the commode from here, I will sit facing away from your direction."
"Come on, Kishan!"
"I am serious. There is nothing to be ashamed off. Otherwise, I take bath first, while you wait. Please tell me what you want me to do. I am happy with whatever. But, this is our last chance to be in a tub together. Vijay will be here soon."
I brushed first and used the commode.
Kishan called, "Do not clean your pussy. I have not tasted your urine dripping pussy.
Once I was done, I got on my feet.
Sensing me walking towards him, he said "Why don't you sit on the seat again?"
As I sat, Kishan planted a firm kiss on my mouth and with his one hand reached for my ass. I suddenly realized that I had forgotten to use the napkin for my ass too. Normally, I had the habit of cleaning myself in the bathtub, as I had never been comfortable using a napkin in the commode, except when I urinate. As Kishan did not want me to use it for the pussy, my routine made me ignore the napkin completely. His fingers were reaching my ass crack towards my asshole.
Before I could warn him, he had reached me there. He must have felt me soiled there.
"We Indians are not used to using the Napkin. Right..?"
"I am sorry! I forgot, as I use it only when I urinate, which had stopped me from doing too. I clean myself in the tub, followed by a bath always. Please leave me for a minute, I will clean and come back."
"Don't mind. As you said, we will clean it up in the tub."
He pulled me closer to kiss me again. Instead of feeling dirty, I was feeling erotic. I blushed deeper and erotically brought my face to him for a deeper kiss. His fingers were still wandering, in and around my shithole.
He withdrew and lowered himself to lick my pussy clean. I was reaching a feverish pitch, when he made me stand on my four again. He started to kiss and lick around my ass!
"Kishan! Please don't do that. I haven't cleaned yet, you know."
"I am cleaning you now."
He took the water jet and sprayed just a little of water in and around my ass. It was not enough for a clean, I was going to say! Putting the jet aside, he resumed kissing me again. His tongue was reaching for my shithole. I had never felt so ashamed. His licking did not stop and seemed to be unending. No napkin or soap would have done a better job, I thought.
He pulled me inside the water and made me lie alongside him. He rose to sit on his bums, near my feet. He was scrubbing each of my fingers in my legs and then the feet. He made me sit in front of him, facing away from him. His hands scrubbed my entire back from neck down to waist. He pulled me to sit against his chest and grabbed my breasts from behind. He was now cleaning my breasts with the soapy water. He cleaned all my facial parts, then again down to clean my navel and belly areas, ending with my vagina.
Once he completed his cleaning of every part on my body, his fingers went back to my asshole. He played with it for a few minutes and cleaned it with the soapy water as well. He, then, made me kneel in front of the seating area on all my four again. He kneeled behind me and was positioning his penis against my ass. When he was rubbing my asshole, I comprehended what he was up to. He slid his penis in my asshole with ease, soapy water helping him.
Another of my virginity was going to be broken!
He was slowly pounding me doggy to a rhythm. The carnal passions were back right on. He continued to shove me non-stop for a few minutes. I took off my right hands to rub on my clit. His left hand joined me in the act, while his right hand held me from falling, as he increased the power, pumping deep into my ass.
"Oh. Kishan! I am coming. Fuck me hard! This is my first anal fuck! Please make it memorable."
"Anal fuck is my first time too!"
It did not take him long to spray his semen into my virgin ass.