It was a respectable crowd that had gathered in the facility constructed specifically for this show. They were discussing the announcement that the Governor had made- that she had devised a solution to the national shortage of porn. Many people had gathered in the audience, eagerly waiting for their sexual appetites to be satiated; there were more than a few bulges and stains visible in the pants of the waiting audience.
Finally, the show started. Music swelled, playing a theme song, and a handsome androgynous figure, clad in a gaudy suit and top hat, walked onstage.
They tapped the mic, and then shouted with delight: "Welcome, one and all, to the very first episode of Strip-Off! I'm your host, Arrow Ace- hope you brought some lubricant, cause you're certainly gonna need it, you perverts!"
The crowd cheered, as a banner with several ladies posing provocatively in swimwear printed on it was unfurled onstage: "Strip-Off: Season One!"
Arrow scratched their head and looked out over the audience. "Hey, I know the banner is nice, but my eyes are down here." The crowd laughed.
Arrow smiled. "You'd be better off saving your cum, gents- I promise, you'll have MUCH better material to work with than a swimsuit picture pulled straight off a stock image site! Time to introduce you to our pornstars- er, contestants!" He gestured towards the tech booth, and immediately the curtain began to rise behind Arrow. Five gorgeous women stood behind him, clad in skin-tight blue bodysuits that left little to the imagination. The suits were not so tight as to reveal any sort of signs of arousal from the women, but anyone could tell that they were blushing a bit at having their voluptuous bodies stared at. Some in the audience were already openly masturbating.
Arrow pointed to the leftmost one. "Now, I'm going to point to each of you. You'll step forward, introduce yourself, and tell us why on earth you decided to risk your personal dignity on this show."
The leftmost girl stepped forward confidently- a cheery-looking girl with toned muscles and wavy red hair tied in a ponytail. Her breasts were fairly average, but there was no denying that she had curves. Her skin was tanned- it was a bit hard to tell what her racial makeup was like, not that the catcalling crowd cared about that.
"I am Amy Redhill, a lifeguard. 20 years old. I take pride in my physical fitness the most, but I'm always looking to test my limits, even in areas I'm uncomfortable in. That's why I'm here- I'm looking for a challenge! And," she added, "The prize money doesn't hurt either."
Arrow laughed. "Brutally honest, I see! And you don't seem the least bit shy wearing that bodysuit."
Amy shrugged. "I'm a lifeguard. I've been ogled from time to time. It is a bit uncomfortable, but one day, I realized- I have a great body- I'm not ashamed to show a bit of it off! Besides, this is no more revealing than my exercise wear."
Arrow laughed. "I like your positive attitude! That part about the suit not being revealing is gonna change soon enough, though."
Before Amy could ask what Arrow meant by that, Arrow pointed to the next woman- a short, fair-skinned girl with straight brown hair and glasses. Her breasts were small but perky, and she was a bit thin. Her face was quite beautiful, though- with shimmering eyes, a button nose, and cheeks burning red from shame. She seemed uncomfortable, fidgeting with her glasses and trying to cover up a bit, not that it mattered.
"I'm... ah, is this mic working...?"
Arrow took the microphone from her and turned up the volume a bit, handing it back to her. "Take your time. I'm sure the crowd wouldn't mind seeing you stand there blushing for a while longer!"
The lady breathed in slowly and relaxed a bit. She said in a matter-of-fact kind of tone, "I am Lilith Nightowl. I'm a university student. I, um... am here to win money to pay off some student loans."
Arrow grinned. "Ah, yes, everyone loves an educated modern woman! Next one!"
The next woman stepped forward slowly to introduce herself. She was a busty, curvy woman with no qualms about her body- she seemed to relish every perverted gaze scanning over her lustful, brown eyes. Her black hair was cut fairly short, and she swayed her hips as she walked.
"I'm Shelly Bombe. 22, a club bartender, and single." Shelly paused and smiled at the audience. "I'm here because I want the world to see me naked."
The entire crowd cheered heartily at this statement.
Arrow looked a bit annoyed. "Oh, come on. You can't just strip naked in front of a camera and shout, 'Look at me'. Where's the fun in that!? The fun lies in the tease, you know?"
Sighing, he pointed to the next person. "Now, the next person."
The next lady stepped forward. She was fairly flat in front, her breasts being small mounds, but upon closer inspection she had quite the rounded ass. She was fairly skinny, but with full, fleshed-out skin, and gentle curves that went well with her graceful smile. She looked Mexican, or Polynesian- and was pretty popular with the audience.
"I am Felicia Santos." The woman had a very slight trace of an accent. "I'm a programmer for a small tech firm, but I dabble in activism and writing. I'm on this show because it seems interesting. I love new things." She paused for a moment. "I'm... also a bit of an exhibitionist, but... don't tell anyone, okay?" She looked a bit sheepish as she said that, but her expression betrayed her- she was turned on by admitting that fact about herself..
Arrow laughed. "No need to be shy about that. Hey, in the audience! Raise your hand if you're an exhibitionist!"
Quite a few people in the audience raised their hands. Some of them were coated in various fluids.
Felicia giggled. "I, ah... I guess I'm among friends, here, teehee!"
Arrow turned to the last person. "And last but not least-"
The last person stepped forward curtly. She was Japanese, with short black hair and serious looking eyes. She bowed a bit and looked at the audience, a soft smile on her face in stark contrast to her intense looking eyes. Her body seemed averagely shaped, for a woman- ample breasts, soft curves, and an inherent feminine charm that men and women alike are drawn to. She seemed to radiate an aura of challenge.
"Niko Toriyama, a parkour coach. 21. I'm in this to win." She said it in an even tone, hands to her sides.
Arrow shrugged. "Eh, good enough. Now, who's ready to see some action?"