All characters in this story that participate in sexual activity are at least 18 years old.
*
My name is Susan Walker and I am a forty year old, happily married mother of two. Tommy is my twenty two year old son, and Krissy is my twenty one year old daughter. Tommy goes to school at the University and rents a house with five other students, but he comes home to visit whenever there is an academic break. Krissy, on the other hand, still lives at home and would rather party with her girlfriends than go to school or get a job. Recently though, she has found work as a model, so she has plenty of money now to buy her own clothes, and she has plans to buy a new car.
Anyway, Tommy is home from school for a few more days, so I decided to take him downtown today buy him some new shirts and jeans. We normally shop over at the mall, but I thought it would be more exciting if we drove over to the "park and ride", then take the train into town.
It is about eight o'clock in the morning and time to get out of bed, so I pull the satin sheet away from my naked body, then look over at my daughter Krissy. She is still soundly sleeping on her back, so I decide not to wake her up until I get back from the fast food place with some breakfast sandwiches. I sit there for a moment admiring her perfect little breasts slowly moving up and down with each breath she takes.
I should get out of bed right now, but the sight of her hard nipples poking into the satin sheet makes me want to reach over and touch them. I give into my desires, and slowly pull the sheet away from her naked body. After I get the sheet down to her waist, I run my hand across her flat stomach and place my fingers around one of her firm, young breasts. I can feel her hard nipple against the palm of my hand as I gently squeeze it.
This is starting to make me feel a little hornier than I normally am, so I remove my hand from her breast and push the sheet all the way down to her ankles. Then, I begin to gently run my hand up and down the full length of her gorgeous, thin body. I am getting really turned on touching my daughter's soft skin, and my breathing rate is becoming more rapid. I should stop what I am doing right now, but instead I get out of bed, then walk around so I am standing between her outstretched legs. I pull the sheet completely off her, then gently grasp both her ankles and move her legs apart.
Her cute, little pussy looks inviting, so I lean forward on my elbows and bury my face between her legs. Jesus Christ she tastes good!
I alternate between running my tongue up and down her pussy lips and sucking on her exposed clit. After a couple of minutes, she starts moaning softly and slowly opens her eyes. I continue enjoying myself by darting my tongue in and out of her as she raises up from the bed and rests on her elbows.
Krissy looks into my eyes and says "Oh Mom, that feels so fucking good! Don't ever stop!"
It is getting late and I don't have all morning to spend with my face between my daughter's legs, so after a few more minutes I abruptly stop and get to my feet. As I start walking to the master bathroom to take a shower, Krissy starts begging me to give her an orgasm.
I just look over my shoulder at her, smile, then say "Krissy honey, you will have to wait until I get back from the fast food place with our breakfast!"
I take a quick shower, put on a little makeup, then wrap a towel around me. I don't feel like putting on any clothes right now, and besides, I won't have to get out of the car at the fast food place because I am going to use the "drive thru" window. I grab my purse and within a couple of minutes I am sitting in my car ordering breakfast for us.
The voice over the speaker says "Please pull forward to the second window", so I drive up and stop. The window opens and see it is one of my daughter's friends. Her name is "Buffy", and she is the cutest little slut I have ever laid my eyes on. I open my purse, grab a few dollars and hand them to her.
She says "Oh Mrs Walker, I almost did not recognize you in that towel your are wearing!" Then, she laughs briefly and hands me the change.
She hangs out the window for the next minute while we have "girl talk", then she gets the two bags of food and hands them to me. As I reach up, my towel falls away from me, exposing my breasts to her.
Buffy immediately says "Gosh Mrs Walker, your tits are awesome! I wish mine looked as big and firm as yours!"
My daughter has told me that Buffy likes girls just as much as boys, so I ask her if she would like to give my tits a quick feel. She does not hesitate and leans out the service window as far as she possibly can. I just sit there with my arms down along my sides while Buffy gently squeezes my breasts and pinches my hard nipples. From the expression on her face, she is obviously enjoying herself!
Just then, another customer pulls their car directly behind mine, so I push her hands away from me and say "Next time you come over to our house, you can spend as long as you want playing with them!"
She says "I am going to call Krissy right after I get off work today!"
As my car starts moving forward, I blow her a kiss, then get back on the road and head for home. Within a couple of minutes I am parked in our driveway and open the car door to get out. I know I should take the towel and wrap it around me, but it is still fairly early in the morning, so I figure the neighbors probably will not see me walk naked to the front porch.
I take a quick glance up and down the road to see if anybody is watching me, then get out of the car. I immediately feel the morning sunshine warm my naked body as I reach into the car to get my purse and the two bags of food. I slam the door shut and walk all the way to the front porch before I remember that I forgot to get the morning newspaper from the paper box out by the street.
I should go inside and get dressed before I walk down to the street to get the paper, but the exhibitionist part of me says not to fucking bother putting any clothes on right now. I sit my purse and bags of food down on the porch, then walk naked through the front yard to the street. I look into the green plastic newspaper box and see that it has not arrived yet, so I start walking back to the house. After taking just a few steps, I notice the newspaper carrier a few houses down from me, so I decide to wait until they get here.
The little girl pedals her bicycle down the sidewalk and stops next to me. She is a sweetheart of a child, about twelve years old, and is the daughter of one of my girlfriends that lives the next block down.
She hands me the morning paper, then immediately says "Mrs Walker, you don't have any clothes on!"
I glance down between my naked breasts, then say "Oh Gosh Jessica! You are right! I better get back in the house before someone sees me!"
Jessica giggles for a second, then hops back on her bike and pedals to the next house.
Just then I hear some shouting at me. They are saying "Susan! Susan!" I look across the street and see my neighbor Monica in her garage standing next to her new car.
She says "Susan, come over and see my new car!" I shout back at her that I can't right now, but will come over later this afternoon. She starts explaining that it will just take a second and begs me to come over.
Being a really good friend of mine, I don't want to disappoint her, so I walk across the street and up her driveway.
As soon as I step into her garage, we put our arms around each other, and start tongue kissing.
After a minute, I break the kiss, then say to her "Well, I don't want to be the only naked person in your garage! Start stripping or I am going home!"
Monica immediately pulls off her T-shirt, then pushes down her shorts down to her ankles, and steps out of them. We immediately begin kissing again while we run our hands all over each others naked bodies. Another minute passes by, then her husband walks into the garage, pulls down his shorts and starts jacking his cock while his wife and I continue putting on a show for him.
Suddenly, Monica pushes me backwards, up against the side of her new car. Then, she drops down to her knees between my legs and buries her face in my pussy. Her husband takes a few steps towards me, then leans over and begins kissing me. I stick my tongue in his mouth, then reach out and grasp his hard cock
I stroke his cock while his wife licks my pussy for the next four or five minutes, then suddenly he says "Monica, I am going to ejaculate any second now!"
Monica stops licking me, then turns her head towards her husband. I start furiously jacking his cock for the next two or three seconds, then it erupts and sprays a huge amount of sperm all over his wife's face. It gets in her eyes and she blinks over and over again.
I say to Monica "I love your new car!", then casually start walking down their driveway. When I reach the road, I look over my shoulder back towards their garage and see both of them watching my naked ass cheeks gently move up and down as I walk. I give them a big smile, then toss my beautiful hair around my face and continue walking.
When I reach my front porch, I pick up my purse and the bags of food, then go inside the house and put the sandwiches in the microwave. After a few seconds, it beeps at me, so I take the sandwiches and go upstairs to give them to the kids.
I enter my bedroom to give one to Krissy, but she is not there, so I walk down the hallway to my son Tommy's room. Oh my gosh, what a sight! Tommy is on top of his sister and he is slowly fucking her! Jesus Christ these kids are horny!
I walk over to the bed, sit down and hand Krissy one of the sandwiches, then we both pull the paper wrappers off them and begin eating. Tommy keeps fucking his sister for the next minute while she enjoys her sandwich, then suddenly pulls his cock out of her and grabs the last sandwich for himself.
Krissy immediately says "Tommy, we are not done yet! Get on your back and I will get on top of you!"
Tommy takes another bite of his sandwich, then lays down on his back. Krissy straddles her brothers hard cock. While she is holding her sandwich in one hand, she guides his cock into her pussy with the other.
It takes a little effort to get her brother's huge ten inch cock into her tight, little pussy, but after a couple of attempts, she is seated all the way down on him.
We spend the next couple of minutes talking while we eat, then Krissy starts bouncing up and down on her brother's big cock. I finish my sandwich, so I get up from the bed and tell them to hurry up with what they are doing, then take a quick shower.
I go to my bedroom to select a nice dress to put on. I never wear panties or bra, so I slip on my favorite yellow "summer" dress that buttons down the front, then look at myself in the mirror while I brush my beautiful, long blond hair.
After a few minutes, I walk down the hallway to go downstairs and meet the kids. As I pass the open door of the bathroom I hear the water running, so I look in. Jesus Christ, Tommy has his sister pinned up against the shower wall and is fucking the hell out of her!
He has grabbed her by the wrists and is holding her arms above her as he rams his cock inside her tight pussy. I watch for a minute, then suddenly Tommy thrusts his hips upward harder than usual and Krissy's feet leave the tile floor and dangle around in the air!
Krissy is totally turned on by the rough treatment her brother is giving her and screams at him "Tommy, Tommy don't stop fucking me! I am going to orgasm at any second! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
Tommy keeps ramming his cock into his sister's pussy over and over again for another couple of minutes, then he suddenly stops. He usually pulls his cock out of her and ejaculates on her face or stomach, but this time he is letting his whole load of sperm gush inside her.
Krissy becomes quiet, closes her eyes and remains still so she can feel her brother's cock pumping in her pussy.
After a minute, she opens her eyes and says "Oh Tommy, I could feel your cock jerking inside me and filling my pussy with your warm sperm! I want you to ejaculate inside me more often! It feels wonderful!"
Tommy slowly lets his sister slide back down the tile wall until she can touch the floor, then pulls his cock out of her.
The show is over, so I say to them "I hate to interrupt you kids having fun, but we have to leave soon, or we will miss the train. Get dressed and meet me downstairs in five minutes, or I may leave without you!"
I go downstairs to the kitchen, pour myself a glass of lemonade and sit at the table. A few minutes pass, then Krissy and Tommy come bounding down the stairs and run over towards me. Krissy's dress is completely open in the front revealing her bra and panties. When she gets into the kitchen, she pulls the dress together and starts to button it up.
I immediately say "Oh, no you don't Krissy! Take off your bra and panties first, then put your dress on! We are going to have a great afternoon flashing our bodies in public while Tommy takes videos of us!"
I glance over at Tommy to make sure he has the video camera hooked on his belt, then we get in the car and drive over to the train station. As soon as we park, the train arrives and comes to a complete stop. All three of us run towards it and jump on board. The doors immediately close and we are soon speeding towards downtown.
There are about a dozen people sitting in the front, so we go all the way to the back, and sit down. After a few minutes, Tommy suggests that he take his camera and go to the front of the train car and take video of Krissy and I exposing our tits.
He says that will be fucking cool because the passengers will not know what is happening behind them. I tell him that will be fun, but he has to warm me up first by kissing me.
He hands the video camera to Krissy, then she starts the camera and captures my son and I tongue kissing each other while the train continues on it's journey.
I am getting horny as hell kissing my son while he fondles my breasts through the fabric of my dress, so I quickly unbutton it, then pull it down off my shoulders and throw it over the back of the empty seat in front of us. Tommy starts running his hands all over my naked body as I open the zipper to his shorts and start jacking his cock up and down.
After a few strokes his cock is hard, so I break our kiss, then lean over and begin sucking on it. His cock is so fucking big that I have to open my mouth as wide as it will go, then breath through my nose while he pushes on the back of my head with both of his hands.
My son's cock hits the back of my throat, and I begin to gag. I desperately try to push his hands away from me, but he thrusts his hips upward even more and his cock slides down my throat! I cannot get any air inside my lungs so I place my hands on his thighs and push upward as hard as I can. My son releases his hands from the back of my head, then I raise up and take a breath of air.
My hair is all messed up, so I open my purse, get my brush and casually run it through my hair while I tell Tommy not to be so rough with me. After a few seconds, I put the brush back in my purse, then tell Krissy to go to the front of the train car and start taking video. She gets up from the bench seat, walks to the front, then turns around and points the camera towards Tommy and myself.
A few people turn around to see what she is taking video and pictures of, so I lean forward for a second so they can't see my naked body. I am horny as hell, so I swing my leg over my son and plop down on his cock. My pussy lets about five or six inches inside of her, then I raise up a little bit and drop myself back down. Jesus Christ my son's cock feels good inside me!
I immediately start bouncing up and down on it for a minute, then suddenly, Tommy struggles to get to his feet!
He holds onto the chrome rails and stands up while I lock my arms together around his neck and wrap my legs around his waist. After he is on his feet, he steps into the middle of the train car, grabs my ass cheeks with both hands and starts ramming his cock into my pussy.
Suddenly, a voice over the intercom says "Arriving downtown in two minutes", so Tommy gives me a few more hard thrusts then lowers me down. I immediately grab my dress, pull it up around me and button it.
A few minutes later we are walking around the downtown area and are enjoying window shopping. As we walk past a women's manicure shop called "Nails Xcetera", we stop, then I reach into my purse and give a credit card to Tommy. I tell him to go shopping for the next hour while Krissy and I get our nails done.
My son gives me a quick kiss, then Krissy and I open the door of the salon and walk in. Gosh, this place is really nice on the inside! A beautiful young girl immediately walks up to us, asks a few questions, then escorts us over to a couple of big red leather chairs.
Within a few minutes, two equally beautiful young girls walk over to Krissy and I, then pull up stools and begin to manicure our feet. About fifteen minutes go by, then the two girls start working on our finger nails.
Just then, a beautiful woman about fifty years old enters the room and stops in front of me. She is awesome looking with her long, straight gray hair that matches the color of the "pin stripes" of her business suit.
She looks directly into my eyes and says "Your daughter and you look like perfect candidates for our body painting artist! She is here for only one week, then she returns to Paris, France! I will make a deal with you! I will let you get body painted for free if you tell everyone you meet today about my nail salon store!"
I reply to her that I would love to get body painted, so she takes my hand and guides Krissy and I through a doorway to an adjacent room.
It overlooks the busy sidewalk, so I say to her "If we get body painted, we will be naked, and people walking by will be able to see us! Don't you have curtains or something like that so people can't look at us?"
She immediately assures us that the tint of the window glass is so dark people walking by cannot seen through it. Krissy and I are excited as we unbutton our dresses and take them off. Just as we throw our dresses over the back of a chair, a dark haired beauty enters the room. She is absolutely the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen in my life!
With a french accent, she asks me what kind of clothing we would like her to spray paint our bodies.
We tell her to put a bikini on both of us, then she says "How would you like me to paint a colorful "halter top" on you, then spray on some matching brief shorts? When I am finished painting, it will look so realistic that you will not even want to put your dresses back on! You can leave the salon completely naked and no one will even notice that you and your daughter are not wearing any clothes!"
My daughter and I look at each other for a second, then at the same time, we say to her "Paint the halter top and shorts on us!"
After about an hour, Krissy and I look in the mirror and see the woman was right! We appear to have "skin tight" clothes on, but actually, we are completely naked! Krissy and I thank the woman over and over again, then I wrap my arms around her waist to give her a quick hug. After I release her, she steps back, glances down at the front of white dress, then looks back up at me.
She says "Look, none of the paint came off from you onto my dress. My new paint formula works excellent and should last for two or more days, even if you take a shower. Now, go out and enjoy being nude in public!"
Krissy and I pick up our dresses and stuff them into my big purse, then the woman escorts us to the salon exit door and waves goodbye to us.
As my daughter and I step into the brilliant sunshine, I say to her "That lady did a really great job! It looks like we are fully dressed, but we are not! We are totally nude!"
I immediately get on my cellular phone and call my son. I do not tell him about our body painting, then instruct him to meet us near the corner of "Broadway" and "First" in five minutes.
Krissy and I decide to get a cup of coffee, so we take a seat at an outdoor table in front of "Café Espresso." Within a few seconds, a pretty girl about twenty years old walks over to us and asks if we would like a menu. We tell her that we just want two cups of coffee with sugar and cream while she glances back and forth between Krissy and myself.
Suddenly, she says "Oh gosh! You two are not wearing any clothes! I did not even notice until I got right up close to you!"
We tell her that we got the "paint job" at "Nails Xcetera" the next block down, and if you want one at a discount, just say the two blonds told you about their store. She takes one more look at Krissy and I, then goes into the coffee shop to fill our order.
After just a couple of minutes, I see my son a block away walking down the sidewalk towards my daughter and I.
When he gets about twenty feet away, he says "You and Krissy look great in your new clothes!"
When he gets about three feet away from me, he stops dead in his tracks and looks me up and down for a few seconds, then looks over at his sister.
Suddenly, he blurts out "Jesus Christ Mom! You and Krissy are completely naked right in the middle of town!"
Krissy and I immediately start laughing as Tommy looks around to see if anyone is paying any attention to us. He does not notice anything out of the ordinary, so after a couple of seconds he sits down at our table and relaxes.
Just then, the waitress returns and places the two coffees and two glazed donuts on the table.
She says "I'm sorry I took so long! I called the "Nails Xcetera", and because you told me about their store, I get fifty percent off their body painting! I am going over on my lunch hour to get a bikini put on me, then I am going to work the rest of the afternoon topless!"
The three of us spend the next ten minutes having casual conversation as it gets closer to the noon hour. The sidewalk is now full of people walking back and forth, and the streets are filled with cars carrying people to restaurants.
I tell Tommy that Krissy and I are going to walk around naked for a while and he is to follow behind us about twenty feet and take video of us. I leave the waitress a generous tip, then Krissy and I hold hands, and start walking from store to store looking in their display windows.
When we are right in front of a women's clothing store, I see a female police officer walking towards us. She looks really cute in her uniform! Her long black hair is pulled back in a "pony tail", and it appears she has a nice pair of tits under that "bullet proof" vest she is wearing. As she walks by Krissy and I, we smile and wave to her. She takes a few more steps, then stops and turns around.
She says "Excuse me ladies! You must be the two I was told to be on the lookout for! Please step inside this women's clothing store and purchase something that will cover you up, then I will escort you to the jail so you can explain to the judge why you are walking around nude in public!"
I immediately open the door of the clothing store and hold it for Krissy and the police officer.
After the three of us get inside, the police officer says "If you have clothing in your purse, then go directly to the changing room and get dressed, otherwise I will select something for you to wear!"
My daughter and I immediately head for the changing area, then enter the biggest room and start putting our dresses back on. My daughter is really worried about being arrested, but I have been in this situation before, and found a way out of it!
Suddenly, an idea comes to me, so I tell Krissy to remain naked and stand in the corner of the room while I tell the police officer that I need help with a button on my dress.
I raise the volume of my voice a little bit and say "Miss Police Officer! I am having a difficult time getting my dress buttoned up! Please come inside the changing room to help me!"
Immediately, the door to the dressing room opens and the police officer steps in.
She stands about a foot away from me and looks me directly in the eyes while she says "I know that you are probably having fun today walking around naked, but I have to uphold the law and take you in for booking."
This is the first time I get a chance to get a good look at her and she is fucking beautiful! She must be about twenty five years old, and could be a professional model if she had not decided to be a police officer.
I ask her if their is anything that I could possibly do for her to change her mind about arresting my daughter and I, then gently grasp her wrists and guide her hands to my naked breasts. She responds by slowly squeezing them for a few seconds, then we put our arms around each other and start passionately kissing. After a few seconds, I push her away from me then feverishly start taking off her uniform! Krissy jumps in and helps yanking her clothes off! Within a few seconds, we have the beautiful police officer completely naked!
I force her down to floor and bury my face into her smooth shaved pussy. Jesus Christ she tastes good! Krissy immediately gets down to her knees then lifts her leg over the police officer's face and sits down.
The police officer starts moaning loudly while she licks Krissy's pussy and squeezes her ass cheeks. Meanwhile, I have my arms extended and gently pinch her hard nipples while I feverishly continue to flick my tongue up and down her pussy lips. After a few minutes, the police officer raises her hips off the floor, and begins thrusting her pussy harder against my face. Suddenly, she moans really loud, then lays silently on the floor.
Krissy and I immediately get back on our feet, put our dresses on, then run out of the store! After we run about half a block, we slow down and look behind us to see if anybody is following us. We immediately start laughing when we see my son Tommy is right behind us, and he is still taking video!
Krissy says "Mom, this body paint is making me itch! Let's go over to the YMCA and take that solvent the lady gave us to remove this paint. Besides, I like being nude better that having this paint all over me!"
Thirty minutes later, Krissy and I have removed all the body paint, put our dresses back on, and the three of us are walking through the downtown area.
Suddenly, my son says "Hey Mom, look!"
He points over at a sign in front of an old movie theater that says "Adult Amateur Hour Everyday at Noon", then begs me for us to go inside. I pay for three adults at the outside ticket booth, then Tommy pulls the heavy door open for Krissy and I to enter the building.
The movie theater lobby has a big, well lighted concession area, so Tommy gets a "hot dog" and some candy, then we open the door to the theater and take our seats in the front row. The theater is dark and it takes my eyes a couple of minutes to make the adjustment. While waiting for the show to begin, I look around behind me and see about fifty or sixty people sitting in the audience. Suddenly, a soft ray of light shoots across the stage and a nicely dressed man in a tuxedo introduces himself as the host of the show.
He says "Hello everyone and welcome to amateur hour! Please give a hearty welcome to the wildest, tallest, strongest and most beautiful woman in the world! Here is Amanda the Amazon!"
Suddenly, a beam of light shines on a tall, shapely woman about thirty years old, dressed in a black leather bikini. She is fucking awesome looking! Her straight black hair hangs down almost to her waist and her huge tits are bulging out the sides of her bikini top! When she walks in her black "high heel" shoes, you can see every muscle in her body flexing!
She abruptly takes the microphone away from the announcer and says to the crowd "I need a beautiful young girl from the audience to come on stage with me, and I will give her an orgasm she will never forget! Don't be shy ladies! If there is a beautiful young girl in the audience that wants me to bring her to an orgasm in less than three minutes, then please stand up!"
Amanda scans the audience, then looks directly at Krissy and says "Hello young lady! You are obviously the youngest and best looking female in the audience! I want you to be my next victim!"
Krissy looks over at me and says "Mom, is it alright with you if I go up on the stage with Amanda?"
I reply to her "If she had picked me, I would go up there with her! Now, stand up and tell Amanda you accept her request!"
As Krissy gets to her feet, the audience applauds while Amanda's two naked female assistants step down from the stage to escort her. The assistants lead Krissy over to the middle of the stage, then immediately unbutton her dress and slowly pull it down off her shoulders. The audience goes wild and applauds as a spotlight shines on my daughter's beautiful naked body.
Amanda hands the microphone back to the announcer, then walks over in front of Krissy begins running her hands all over her naked body. After about thirty seconds, Amanda puts her arms around Krissy's waist, pulls her close and begins kissing her. Krissy responds by moving her hands around Amanda's back and slides them underneath her bikini bottoms. She grabs Amanda's ass cheeks and begins squeezing them. The audience applauds for Krissy's aggressive participation then it becomes silent once again. After they kiss for a while, Amanda turns around, and tells Krissy to release the clasp of her black leather bikini top.
When Krissy pulls it apart, it pops out of her hands and Amanda's huge breasts spring outward. Then, Krissy pushes her bikini bottoms down to her ankles and she steps out of them. Amanda turns to face the audience and raises her arms over her head revealing the most beautiful, muscular naked female body I think I have ever seen in my life! The audience goes fucking crazy, standing on their feet and applauding while Amanda keeps her hands over her head and turns around to show off her perfect, round ass.
After a few seconds, Amanda shouts to her assistants "Bring out the table!"
The two naked girls roll out a padded leather table with secure straps for wrists and ankles. They help Krissy onto the table, then she lies down flat on her back while the assistants buckle the leather straps around her wrists and ankles. The two girls spend the next minute running their hands all over Krissy's naked body, then Amanda tells them to get away from her and turns around to look at the audience.
Amanda opens her mouth and we can see her tongue slowly moving out of it. The whole audience is amazed as her tongue keeps coming out further and further! Jesus Christ, her tongue must be six or seven inches long! Amanda starts flicking it in and out of her mouth, then slowly licks her eyebrows! I have never seen anything like this in my entire life!
Amanda then turns around, and motions for her two naked assistants to push the table closer to the audience so the full length of Krissy's naked body is visible to them. She steps between Krissy's legs, then suddenly buries her face in her pussy.
Krissy screams "Oh my God! Oh my God!" as Amanda shoots her tongue inside her pussy and flicks it around inside. Krissy starts bucking her hips up and down as Amanda ratchets her tongue inside her pussy over and over again.
The audience gets on their feet and applauds as Amanda grabs my daughter's ass cheeks and forces her face even harder against her pussy.
Krissy is moaning loudly and screaming for the next two minutes, then suddenly, she becomes limp and silent.
Amanda releases her grip from my daughter's ass cheeks and stands up straight. She raises her hands in the air and the audience gets on their feet and gives her a thunderous applause. She blows a kiss them, then walks backstage with her assistants pushing Krissy on the table with them. A few minutes later, Krissy is fully dressed and is back in her seat next to Tommy and myself.
She tells us over and over how awesome it was being naked on stage while everyone in the audience watches her have an orgasm.
Then she says "The next thing I want to do is get fucked by a man with a monster cock while everyone cheers for us!"
Suddenly, the theater lights dim slightly and the announcer walks out on the stage.
He says into the microphone "Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to present to you the tallest, strongest man in the world, Jerome the Giant!"
The curtains open and a spotlight shines on the tallest, and most handsome black man I have ever seen in person! He must be at least seven feet tall, and is three hundred pounds of pure muscle! He is wearing just a pair of black satin shorts, and does a few "body builder" poses for the audience. We all applaud briefly, then the two naked white girls from the first act, appear on stage. They walk over in front of Jerome, then get down on their knees.
Suddenly, then reach up, grab Jerome's shorts and pull them down to his ankles. The audience gasps as his huge cock springs outward. Jesus Christ, that is the biggest cock I have ever seen in my life! It must be twelve inches long, and it is not even hard yet! Jerome steps out of his shorts, then the two girls put all four of their hands on his cock and start jacking it back and forth. Within a few seconds, it is fully inflated and sticking straight out from his body.
The announcer says to the audience "We need a beautiful female volunteer to come on stage and see if they can fit this monster cock into their tight little pussy! If you can get it half way in, I will give you one hundred dollars! If you can take the whole thing, I will double that amount and give you two hundred dollars cash!"
He continues "If there are any beautiful, slender women in the audience that would like to be his next victim, then please stand up!"
Krissy immediately jumps up from her seat, but I grab her arm and pull her back down.
I say to her "Oh know you don't you little slut! It's my turn now!"
I stand up, then look around the audience. There are six or seven other beautiful women standing also, so my chances of getting selected just got very slim. The announcer points to a gorgeous, young white girl with long black hair and tells her to come up on stage. She takes a couple of steps, then the man next to her grabs her arm and pulls her back to her seat.
Everyone in the audience hears him say "Jesus Christ Natalie, we just got married last month!"
The whole theater erupts with laughter for a few moments, then the announcer points at me.
I make my way over to the stage, and the two naked girls escort me to the middle of it. They unbutton my dress, then stand on either side of me while they slowly pull it down off my shoulders to reveal my naked body. The audience gasps at my beauty, and I can hear several guys whistling at me.
The announcer looks over at me and says "Ladies and gentlemen, I have seen hundreds of naked women over the years, but this lady has one of the best bodies to ever grace this stage!"
The two girls gently grasp my wrists and hold my arms over my head while a heavy chain is being lowered from the ceiling. When the chain is down far enough, the two girls fasten some padded, leather straps around my wrists, then the chain starts going back up.
After my feet are about two feet off the stage floor, the two girls stand on either side of me and bend over to grasp my ankles. They gently pull my legs apart so my pussy is completely exposed with my clit poking out. The girls turn me sideways to the audience, then Jerome steps in front of me, grasps his cock and moves it up and down my pussy lips a few times.
I look down at his monster, and have serious doubts whether my tight, little pussy will stretch enough to let in a cock the size of a baseball bat. Jerome positions his cock at my pussy entrance, then places his big hands on my hips and slowly pulls me towards him. I can feel his cock pushing my pussy lips apart, then the head of it pops inside me. I am getting hornier by the second and anxious for him to get it further inside me. I continue to look down between my legs and watch as more and more of his cock disappears. When he gets it about half way in, he looks over at the announcer and nods his head.
The announcer says to the audience "Ladies and gentlemen, this beautiful lady has just made herself one hundred dollars!"
Then he looks over at me and says into the microphone "You can quit now and take the hundred dollars, or let Jerome see if he can get his monster in you all the way!" I tell him that I am going for the two hundred dollar prize, then the audience stands on their feet and applauds.
After it becomes quiet again, Jerome backs his cock out a little bit then slowly pulls me towards him again. It slides inside me more easily this time, and when he has about two inches left, he stops and shakes his head at the announcer.
The announcer brings the microphone up to his mouth to say I have lost, so I tell Jerome to try one more time. He backs his cock almost all the way out, then pushes it back in again. I watch between my legs as eight inches go in, then ten inches, then twelve inches. I did it!
Jerome nods his head at the announcer and he tells the audience I just one two hundred dollars!
Jerome starts withdrawing his monster from my pussy, so I yell at the announcer "Give me another hundred and I will let Jerome fuck me and ejaculate on my face!"
The announcer quickly says "Lady, you got yourself three hundred dollars!"
The chain holding me off the floor starts lowering, so I wrap my legs around Jerome's waist, and he grabs my ass cheeks. When the two girls release the leather straps from my wrists, I put my arms around Jerome's neck, and he starts bouncing me up and down on his cock.
He walks around the stage for a minute while he is fucking the hell out of me, then he goes over to the edge of the stage and steps down into the audience. He walks slowly up the aisle to the entrance doors, then releases one of my ass cheeks, and pushes the door open. There are about ten or twenty people at the concession stand, and they immediately look over in our direction. I smile and wave to them, then Jerome pushes open the opposite aisle door and walks back in the dark theater.
He slowly walks down the aisle while I continue to pull on the back of his neck to lift me up, then drop back down on his hard cock. When we get to the stage, he steps up and walks to the middle of it.
He turns us sideways to the audience, reaches behind him and pushes my legs down so they are dangling in the air below me. Then he leans back a little bit, reaches behind his neck, grabs my wrists and moves my arms so they are along my sides. When he lets go of my wrists, the audiences gets on their feet and the theater erupts with a thunderous applause.
The announcer quickly says "Ladies and gentlemen, the only thing holding this beautiful woman off the floor is the Giant's huge cock!"
Jerome keeps me impaled on his cock for the few seconds, then bends his knees until I can touch the floor. He pulls his cock out of me and starts feverishly jacking it, so I get on my knees in front of him. Seconds later a huge gush of sperm sprays me in the face. It is like a fucking garden hose! It splashes all over my lips, nose, eyes, and even splatters all over my hair! He must have had a quart of sperm inside him!
Once again the audience is on their feet clapping their hands together and whistling at the performance they just saw.
I run backstage and the two girls take me to a dressing room to help me to get cleaned up. A couple of minutes later, the announcer walks in and gives me five hundred dollars! He says that was the best show he has ever seen, and the theater will be packed during amateur hour from now on because of me.
He thanks me again, shakes my hand, and says "If you ever want to be on my stage again, just come in anytime night or day! You are good for business!"
I meet Tommy and Krissy in the lobby a few minutes later, then we exit the theater and start walking towards the train station.
Krissy says "Mom, next time we go to the theater, I want to be with Jerome, and you can be with Amanda!"