The girls met for lunch at a Vietnamese restaurant for some noodle soup. They had talked on the phone about their sexual encounter, but this was the first time, since then, they had met in person. After hugs and cheek kisses, they made small talk while waiting for a table.
Once seated Judy began, "I know we've talked about our sexual liaison over the phone, but I just wanted to check in with you about what I did. Are you still OK with it?"
Linda smiled, "I adore how you keep chewing on this. I've told you more than once on the phone, 'I'm fine.' I appreciate, no, I love that you care enough to be certain. So, let's put this to bed. It was a surprise, but a surprise can be delightful. I know it was done out of friendship and caring. I love you all the more for it."
"I wouldn't want something I did impulsively to damage our relationship," Judy replied.
"It hasn't and it won't. In fact, I'm open to doing it again, as long as you let me kiss you there too."
Judy laughed, "It's a date!"
Linda smiled and changed the subject. "So how are you feeling about our boys watching a couple of lesbians making love?"
Judy responded, "First off, I appreciate the boys being honest with us. Secondly, I was feeling a bit jealous, that my husband was finding sexual pleasure watching another woman. But then I thought about not minding him looking at porn. It's quite clear from the way Greg described what happened, he feels no guilt about it. There was no 'involvement;' it was visual stimulation to him. I ultimately decided to be OK with it."
Linda thanked Judy, "Following your thought process, I guess I got stuck at jealous. Hearing how you worked through it makes sense. It's not like they're going to hunt these women down and start dating them. But I don't approve of the lying they did to deceive the women."
Judy agreed. "It was dishonest and that needs to be addressed. You always say that listening to me teaches you so much. You need to hear that your ideas and advice do the same for me. I shouldn't have settled for 'OK' about the boys' behavior. I need to get to 'fine.' I'm talking to Greg tonight about my feelings.
"You go girl. But talking it out with you got me past jealous to the real issue. Mac will hear from me tonight as well about the deception."
Judy moved on to the next thing she wanted to talk about. "How's Mac doing on the CFNM thing?"
"He takes his clothes off as soon as he gets home from the Bank. I love having him naked to admire and touch. Sometimes when I 'pet' him he gets erect. It's so much fun watching his penis standing up and swaying around as he walks. Honestly, we're having sex almost every night and we haven't done that since our honeymoon."
"Greg gets naked as soon as the kids are in bed. Like you, I relish being able to stare at his cock and heavy balls. Even flaccid, they're loveable. Sometimes he will realize I'm staring, and he starts getting hard without even touching himself. We're banging ourselves to sleep most nights too."
Judy continued, "The reason I asked is we've mentioned the idea of them serving a group of our friends while naked. I've masturbated more than once fantasizing about that. Let's do it. Let's have some friends over to admire our naked husbands."
"Ooh, let's," Linda sighed.
"You know me well enough to expect me to have a plan." After Linda nodded, Judy continued. "We could both invite a few friends... maybe 5 or 6 each. Your screened patio and pool would be perfect since it has the space. The boys could wear masks, you know that cover their eyes and noses - like Mardi Gras masks."
"I would be happy to host. I have more than enough ladies who talk about sexy stuff while I do their hair. The boys could serve hor d'oeuvres and wine. Mac will have an erection the whole time, I bet."
Judy laughed, "Greg will too."
"Do you think we should have some rules?" Linda asked.
"You're probably right. We should let our guests know what to expect. If they don't and we hope they won't figure out, these are our husbands, they may expect things. I don't want any butt slapping or pinching. I've seen in some parties online, where the women give the waiters blow jobs," Judy said.
Linda immediately said, "I don't want anybody outside of our CLR putting their lips on my man's penis!"
"Agreed, but should we make it 'hard' on the boys? Maybe allow the guests to touch or fondle them? It would keep them hard," Judy suggested.
"I like that. Hard is good," Linda giggled.
A couple of days later the boys met early at the gym for some stretching and a racquetball game. During the stretching, Mac asked Greg what he thought about the girls' idea for a 'tea party.'
"You know my motto; 'Happy wife, happy life,'" Greg replied. "Actually, I kinda get off on the idea of being naked in front of a room full of women. Since we're going to be wearing masks, we probably won't be recognized."
"I like the idea of the masks," Mac agreed. "I knew you would be interested. You're practically a nudist."
"Nudists aren't supposed to get turned on by being naked. I'm thinking I'm gonna show some wood, being gawked at by all those women." Greg noticed Mac had a bulge in his shorts. "Bro, what's with the hard-on? Are you that happy to see me? Or are you thinking about the party?"
"You caught me out. I was horny this morning, but Linda had an early appointment. I decided not to jerk off."
"Why not?" Greg asked.
"No special reason. I just thought it might be fun to think about sex all day," Mac grinned.
"Excellent! Hold those thoughts," Greg encouraged. "Maybe I can get back to winning on the court finally."
They had arrived up at the desk. "Hey George! How's it hanging?" Greg asked.
"Fine. Listen guys, you can pick any court you want. You are the only two members here now."
"Thanks George," Mac replied.
They took a court and played best of three games. They split the first two and Mac barely squeaked out a win in the third to maintain his recent dominance over Greg. They were both winded and sat down in the locker room for a few minutes before heading for the shower.
"Bro, you're killin' me on the court. I haven't won a set for a couple of months now. Oh, and dude, your hard-on is back!"
Mac laughed. "Winning is a great aphrodisiac! Besides I should beat you. You're older than me!"
"You always bring up the age thing. Bro, our birthdays are two weeks apart."
"Yep, and you're the oldest," Mac laughed.
"I gotta find my mojo. So I can start kicking your ass again. I need to get in the shower."
They both stripped off quickly and walked to the shower. Mac's hard-on had slacked to half-mast, but it was still poking out in front of him. Alone in the locker room and now the shower, they stood side-by-side in the center. They rinsed and quickly lathered up with soap. Mac was washing his hair when he felt Greg's hands on his cock and balls.
"Are you fuckin' crazy? For piss sakes this is a public shower room? Damn it, Greg, now you've got me hard. What if somebody walks in?"
"George told us we are the only members here," Greg said, as he took Mac's cock deep in his throat.
"That was almost an hour ago. Somebody might come in," Mac complained, but didn't resist Greg.
"I don't care." Greg answered. "I'm enjoying myself and apparently you are also, since you haven't done anything to stop me."
Mac didn't respond with words, but he began humping Greg's face. Putting his hands on the back of his friend's head, he stuffed his cock as deeply as he could down Greg's throat. They were synced in a face-fucking frenzy. Greg was holding Mac's soapy ass with both hands and pulling him in.
After several minutes of this intense action, Greg slowed the pace. Removing one soapy hand from Mac's butt, he fondled Mac's balls and then began probing behind them. He found the entrance to Mac's asshole and slipped a soapy finger inside.
Mac groaned and held Greg's face flat against his pubic hair. Deep inside Greg's throat, he focused on the insistent stroking of his prostate by Greg's finger. He felt like he was rising off the shower floor.
Just before Greg ran out of air, Mac exploded his load. Greg gagged a bit, but grabbed a breath of air and caught most of his friend's cum. When Mac finished, Greg stood up and did an exaggerated swallow. Then he opened his mouth to show all the cum was gone.
"One day you're going to get us both arrested for public indecency," Mac said.
"You know you love it," Greg said, leaning in closer.
"Where are you two?" George shouted. "Hello!"
Greg and Mac quickly separated and grabbed their towels to hide their erections.
"There you are. My kid's sick and I've got to pick him up from school. I need to lock up for a few minutes."
"We'll get dressed quickly and..."
"No need. Take your time. I'll lock up and you can exit. Just make sure the door closes when you leave."
Mac smiled, when George hurried away. "Well, I guess we've got time to get you off too."
Greg returned the smile, "What have you got in mind, Bro?"
Grabbing Greg's arm, Mac said, "Let's go into the locker room."
He took Greg to the large trainer's table and had him lie down. Mac used his hands to touch and rub Greg's feet.
"Use your cock," Greg pleaded.
"Be quiet," Mac answered.
Knowing Greg's sexual interest in feet, Mac sucked his toes, while rubbing his calves. Greg responded quickly with a growing erection. While using his tongue and fingers on Greg's legs, Mac moved his hard cock against Greg's feet. Repositioning his legs, Greg 'captured" Mac's cock with his toes. As Mac worked his way up Greg's thighs to his balls, Greg used his feet to stroke Mac's cock. He responded by humping against Greg's soles. Mac didn't tarry long, he had a plan to see just how much ball-play Greg was comfortable with. He began gently cupping, squeezing, and pulling. Greg reached full hard-on status and began stroking himself.
"Leave it alone," Mac said. "I'm driving the action. You're just the passenger."
Greg released his hard cock and nodded with a smile.
Mac selected one testicle and slowly, but steadily, pulled away. When he met stiff resistance from the scrotum to anymore stretching, Greg moaned, "Pull harder."
Doubling down on his effort he managed another inch. Greg sighed, "Feels good, Bro."
Mac bent over and took the other testicle in his mouth. He sucked hard, while pulling back with his head. "That feels even better," Greg whispered.
Releasing the testicle in his mouth, he caught it with his hand. He was barely able to hold both balls in his grip, so he moved his hand partially above the testicles and held on tight. While stretching Greg's sack with his right hand, he used his left to pull Greg's erection upright. It was slick with Greg's excitement. He slowly lowered his mouth down Greg's shaft.
"Move your ass down the table so your legs hang off the end," Mac stated. This allowed him to stand between Greg's legs, pull his balls, and suck his cock comfortably. He started moving his right hand grip in a 'milking' motion. First, he would loosen his fingers, then beginning at the pinky finger he would tighten his fist -- one finger at a time, until he held Greg tightly. He didn't really know if he was milking anything. But he liked how that releasing and tightening was naturally coordinated with his lips slowly sliding up and down Greg's drippy cock.
"Can we do this all day," Greg begged.
"I can if you can," Mac teased, while giving Greg's nuts an extra hard pull and jerking his cock fast. Greg arched his back, lifting off the table. Mac let go of cock and balls.
"Don't stop Bro, Jesus Criminy." Greg pleaded and reached down with his hands.
Mac slapped his hand, "Don't touch!'
Greg groaned while his cock cocked and re-cocked. But he put his arms back down on the table. Mac smiled. It wasn't an orgasm. That was pre-cum dripping and his erection was just jumping up and down to Greg's heartbeat. When the near-orgasm passed, Mac licked some of the pre-cum off Greg's stomach. Greg gasped in pleasure. Mac then replaced his hands. The left holding Greg's erection vertical while Mac was sliding his mouth slowly up and down. The right roughly milking Greg's balls. Mac repeated this cycle through three more 'almosts.'
Greg begged, "Dear god! Let me finish."
"I don't know. I'm really enjoying this," Mac replied.
"Please Bro, ya gotta let me cum. Besides George could be back anytime."
"Maybe," Mac replied, thinking he would keep 'edging' Greg for as long as he could. There was so much pre-cum, it looked like Greg had ejaculated. Twice more he took Greg to the cusp and allowed him to fall back.
Greg really, really wanted to cum. Mac had gotten him to the edge six times. He decided to deceive Mac into believing he wasn't close. So, as he felt himself rising again to inevitability, he kept his mouth shut and his body relaxed. It worked and his ejaculation caught Mac completely off guard. He emptied his large load straight down Mac's throat.
'That sneaky bastard,' Mac thought, as the cargo-sized load traveled freight express down his esophagus. He choked a little but kept swallowing until Greg stopped gushing. He then licked the remaining pre-cum off Greg's stomach.
"You lyin' fucker. You were sandbagging me!"
"Shit, I figured the only way we would get out of here before George gets back was to trick you."
"You did; But that was hot shit, watching you right there but not making it."
"You wait till the next time I get you tied up," Greg taunted in a bad imitation of a German accent, "You vill pay for dis."
"Promises, promises, Let's get dressed and blow dis joint."
For the 'Ladies Party' Judy and Linda had ordered a delightful selection of wines and hor d'oeuvres. Judy had sent Greg over with some extra patio furniture. Mac had cleaned the pool. Each of the girls had invited six women. All attendees had been informed that they would be waited on by nude male servers.
The CFNM 'rules' at Linda's required Greg to first unload the patio furniture into the garage. Then come inside and remove his clothes to transfer it from the garage to poolside. Linda supervised and had the boys move things around until she was happy with the layout. She offered refreshments, which were appreciatively accepted. With the work done and beers in hand, the boys sat down to relax.
"I've been talking to Judy, and we would like you two to dance for the women at the party," Linda said.
"With the women?" Mac asked.
"For them... like entertainment," Linda replied.
Greg's cock moved slightly, and he felt an erection beginning. He crossed his legs to hide it.
"What?" Mac asked, obviously not expecting the request. "I thought we just had to serve food and drinks."
"Yes, that was the original plan. But we feel like the women would enjoy seeing you dance," Linda said nonchalantly.
Greg was struggling to keep his erection hidden, as it kept growing.
Mac looked from Linda to Greg. "Did you know about this?"
Greg, trying desperately to hide his boner from Linda, moved his leg higher. His balls lost support and fell between his legs. Linda saw. Greg saw she saw and blushed. "No, I didn't know. I have some concerns."
Linda quickly added, "Yes, I can see your concerns."
Mac was confused. "What are you two talking about?"
"Why don't you show him, Greg. Show him your concern," Linda smiled.
Greg sighed and put both feet on the floor. His cock rose from obscurity and stood proudly upright. "You two have both seen this. But I have concerns about dancing around with my ding-a-ling waving at the crowd."
Mac shook his head in defeat. "I think that's the point Greg. They want us to 'entertain' the women with our flags flying."
They both turned to look at Linda, who nodded her head several times. "Judy and I both want it to happen."
Greg looked back to Mac, who tilted his head slightly forward and back. "OK then. Do you remember in high school at the prom when we danced to 'Rock your body' by Justin Timberlake? "
Mac smiled, "You mean when we ignored our dates and started to pretend, we were male strippers?"
"Yep, I do." Turning to Linda, Greg continued, "We had quite a number of classmates stop dancing to watch us."
Mac added, "Until Mr. Alfonso grabbed us by our collars and pulled us off the floor."
They all three laughed and Linda concluded, "I think that sounds perfect."
Mac said, "Let's go find it on YouTube and do a little practice."
That evening the boys were scrubbed, with fingernails and toenails trimmed. Their wives had intimately groomed them as well. Mac was shaved, balls and all. Linda liked the look. Greg had the equivalent of a five o'clock shadow covering his pubic area. Each was given a bow tie and a black feather mask that covered their eyes, noses, and foreheads. Greg wore a T-shirt and loose shorts with no underwear on the way over to the McDonalds' home. They had been naked all day to avoid any elastic waist band marks on their hips.
Greg pulled his shirt and shorts off upon entering the house and wandered off to find Mac. Linda and Judy 'air kissed' to avoid any disturbance of their makeup.
"This is so exciting," Linda squealed.
"I can't wait for the evening to start either," Judy replied. "The idea of all these women scrutinizing our husbands is delicious. I've worn a pad to keep my panties dry."
"Me too," Linda giggled.
The doorbell rang behind them. "You put your stuff away. I'll get the door," Linda said.
Judy wandered off towards the guest bedroom, but poked her head in the kitchen, "Showtime boys!"
"I'll go help at the door. You pour some wine samples in the little glasses, Linda set out. This is really happening," Mac said.
The first part of the evening was relatively sane. Some of the women pretended not to notice the boys' nudity, others stared openly - not bothering to pretend they weren't looking. Conversations were like any party talk. If either of the boys felt an erection developing, they would head for the kitchen to 'hide out,' until it subsided.
After an hour or so and almost a dozen wine bottles emptied, the mood changed. Women started talking to the boys. Asking them how it felt to be naked in front of so many women. Some wanted to touch the boys, but having been clearly instructed otherwise, no one did. Both boys were asked multiple times if they might be touched. Following orders from their wives, they referred the requests to 'Judy or Linda.' The response to any who did ask either of the wives was, 'possibly later.'
At one point both of the boys were in the kitchen at the same time. "If I let my cock have its way, I would be hard all the time out there," Greg said.
Mac tried to describe his feelings. "I've gotten used to being naked at home with Linda, but this is a combination of embarrassment and thrill times ten. All these women giving me openly sexual looks. I have a sense of why exhibitionists do what they do."
"I hear you Bro. If the women knew we were married to the hosts, it might be a little more restrained. It feels like we're raw meat in a cage of lionesses. Are you still OK with dancing?"
"Yes, we did promise our wives. And honestly, I can't wait. It will give us a chance to be openly sexual back at the voyeurs," Mac replied.
After the third hour, the party volume had increased dramatically. Three dozen wine bottles were in the recycle bin and hor d'oeuvres were about three quarters gone. The stereo was playing loudly, and women were touching the boys' arms or shoulders when they talked to them. Greg had been erect for about a half hour. There was nothing he could do about it, so he just pretended it wasn't there. That didn't work really well because women ogled it openly. Some made comments to him about it or about the size of his balls.
Judy caught Greg's attention and suggested now would be a fun time for the 'entertainment.'
"Like I'm not getting enough attention with this boner? Now you want me to dance around with it?"
"Yes," was her simple reply. "I'll get Linda to round up Mac."
Greg had downloaded Timberlake's 'Rock Your Body' to his phone, which was hooked up to the stereo. There were recessed speakers on the patio, which was where they planned to dance. Greg went to cue up the music. Judy let Linda know it was time. Linda found Mac and got him out with Greg. They were going to dance with their backs to the pool. The area was well lit for the audience's viewing pleasure. The chairs and loungers had been moved in a semi-circle facing the dancing area. The boys received warm applause when they both came out sporting erections.
The music started and their dancing consisted of prototypical 'boy band' moves... lots of posing with jumps, turns, and movements similar to a cross between Michael Jackson and 'The Robot.' The boys were decent dancers with attractive bodies. The audience was immediately into it. They yelled encouragement, whistled, and clapped in time with the beat.
Timberlake sang: "See it appears to me; You like the way I move."
With their hard cocks bobbling around, they both posed with their arms crossed over their chests to loud cheers of, 'Yeah baby; shake that thing; play with your cock!'
Timberlake sang: "I'll tell you what I'm gonna do; Pull you close and share my groove." The audience became rowdier, 'Come and get me honey; I'll show you my groove anytime; I'll pull you!'
Timberlake sang: "So go ahead girl just do; That ass shaking thing you do."
At this point they both turned around and shook their asses at the audience. There was a huge response with laughter, cheers, cat-calls, and applause. Then the boys kicked it up a notch. Turning around from their ass-shaking, their grabbed their man-meat and began pumping to the beat of the music.
This had been planned and the wives were expecting it. But then the boys moved forward towards the audience, continuing to stroke themselves synchronized to the musical beat. They danced like they had been before, but with one hand on their cock. They danced close to the audience, moving back if a woman tried to grab or touch them. This took the wives by surprise. Things were getting really rowdy, and the song was ending. The boys moved back to the spotlight, facing the pool. They bent over and shook their asses again. When they turned back around to face the audience each was stroking the other's cock.
The audience lost it. Several women were screaming their desire to 'help' the boys. The noise was reaching 'neighbor-might-call-the-police' level when the song ended. Although they weren't 'synchronized swimming' together, they came very closely together. Mac went first with his shot puts landing several feet in front of him. The noise level, impossibly, went even higher. The cheering, along with seeing his friend shoot, pulled Greg over. His large balls pulled up snug and he bested Mac's range by almost a foot. As usual with a lot of stimulation and denial of release, he pumped volumes of cum over the patio tiles.
The plan was for them to exit the party and stay upstairs. But the audience began clapping in time, while chanting, 'encore, encore, encore.' Linda had to go upstairs and ask them to please come back down for a bow. They returned briefly with half-mast erections and accepted the audience's appreciation. Then Mac knelt down and cupped Greg's balls, while holding his cock up with the other. The audience of women squealed with delight at having Greg held up for display to them. Greg bowed and then knelt to show off Mac. The crowd started stomping the patio and demanding an 'encore.'
Judy whispered to Linda, "Follow my lead." Linda nodded.
Judy scooped up a handful of Greg's monster cumshot and walked over to the boys. Greg continued to 'display' Mac, so Judy rubbed Greg's cum over Mac's cock and balls. Having his friend's cum rubbed on, while being shown off to the crowd of women was too much and Mac became erect. Judy motioned for Greg to stand and Mac to kneel. Linda applied a copious amount of Mac's cum to Greg's rapidly inflating cock, which Mac was showing off to the women. She then boldly put her fingers up for Greg to lick the remaining cum off.
"If you're allowed to touch them, then we can too," Jenny, a colleague of Judy's from work, demanded. Many of the women stood up and moved forward.
"Wait!" Judy said, holding up her hands. Improvising, she continued, "The contract states that anything beyond dancing is up to the boys. It also states that I'm liable for any injury."
"Boys, what do you say? Can we touch you too... one at a time?" Jenny asked. The boys looked at their wives, who smiled approval.
Greg spoke up, "One at a time. Please line up."
Jenny was at the head of the line. She wrapped her right hand around Greg's nutsack and her left around Mac's cock. She pulled Greg, while stroking Mac. She had been industrially tugging away at both for a couple of minutes when the next woman in line insisted it's "My turn. My turn! You have to share." Jenny stepped aside, briefly giving each boy a peck on the cheek.
The next woman grabbed both cocks and pulled them towards each other. The boys turned face-to-face, and she smacked their cocks against each other several times. She then held them together and rolled them around each other. The crowd 'oohed' and 'aahed.' The boys moaned with pleasure. She gathered cum from both scrotums to add more lubricant and twirled the cock merry-go-round for a while.
The subsequent woman stroked both cocks rapidly, producing general excitement from the crowd and more pleasure for the boys. The following woman turned them around and played with their asses. She cupped the cheeks in her hands and jiggled them. Cheers arose from the spectators. She also repeatedly ran her fingers up and down their cracks. The dozen guests all had their turn. The boys' nipples were nibbled, cocks were pulled and stroked, balls were fondled, and ass cheeks were patted and rubbed.
When all had had their turn, Judy stepped in. "If everyone will have a seat, I believe the boys ready and able to do an encore." She looked at them with raised eyebrows and they both agreed.
The music was cued up and they repeated their routine. This time they didn't dance away when the guests reached out to touch them. They allowed themselves to be petted and caressed by their 'fans.' This time when they came, it wasn't quite as dramatic. But the women en masse asked for "MORE!"
The boys disappointed them and headed back upstairs.
"That was fucking amazing!" Greg exclaimed.
Mac agreed, "Cumming in front of all those women... for their entertainment; was a huge turn on for me!"
They showered and dressed in shorts and T-shirts. As they waited for the 'all clear' signal from their wives, they talked about the myriad feelings about the night. Fear, embarrassment, humiliation, raw sexual energy, and servitude all swirled together in a potent mix that caused both of their cocks to make feeble efforts at erections.
Fortunately, their potency was fine later in the evening when their wives fucked both their brains out.