My wife Penny and I got involved with a startup company. We had invested in this new venture with one of her brothers and some of his friends. The new product had started to take shape and things were picking up. To get established in the marketplace, we had to attend a convention in Las Vegas to show our product to the different vendors and distributors. The convention was in the first part of January, so a quick break the cold and snow would be a nice getaway.
On the plane we had talked of the possibilities of our hopefully new found success, and of the nice break we would have together without our children. I had booked our hotel in Vegas, and had also booked a bed and breakfast in San Diego for three days after the convention. We were both looking forward to spending some time together.
We landed in Las Vegas in the late afternoon. It was warm and not the least bit humid. Penny was waiting for our luggage at the carousel, while I went to get our rental car. With the car packed we headed for our hotel. We checked in and went directly to the pool, trying to catch a few last hours of sunshine. The sun felt great, even too hot, but we didn't mind since we hadn't been above thirty degrees for a couple of months now. Once we had our fill of sunshine we headed back to our room to clean up and head out to dinner.
The following day was the start of the convention. It would last four days. We had to be at the convention from nine in the morning until five in the afternoon. The four days flew by quickly. We had made some good contacts, plus had some time to spend with our new partners. At the end of the fourth day, everyone packed and left back to their respective homes. Since our flight didn't leave until the next day, Penny and I were in town one more night.
On our last night in Vegas we had a great dinner, played a few slot machines, and did some pretty good people watching. I looked at my watch and it was nine in the evening. We were tired from the week, but didn't have much time free in the evenings away from all of the partners. I didn't want to go back to the room, but wanted to do something different since we were in the city that never sleeps. I had a thought, and a great idea. I had heard there were a couple swingers clubs in town. One of the couples we know from back home had told me about it and even stopped in to check it out.
I told Penny what I was thinking. She didn't want to have anything to do with swinging, and neither did I for that matter. My intention was to go there take a look around and see what really goes on in one of those places. She was still a little resistant, but I reminded her of our pillow talk at home during our foreplay. When we make love, we share mini fantasies, or aspects of sex that is mutually exciting. Invariably, the topic of voyeurism and exhibitionism gets us more excited and aroused than any other kinky perversion. Since we were here, I wanted to expand our sexual horizons, maybe even push it to the edge on this trip. I told Penny that if she agreed to go, that we would leave at any time if she felt uncomfortable or just wanted to go. She agreed, and we were on our way.
Upon arriving to the club, we were greeted at the front gate by a security guard. He took our names and the license plate number of our car. The cover charge was $100.00 a person, unless you came as a couple. Single women were also let in free of charge. We drove up the long drive and arrived at the home. It seemed to be just that. A very nice home. It was a couple stories tall, and quite long. We parked, and headed toward the front door holding hands tightly, probably out of our nervousness. I could sense Penny was a bit nervous, and I was a little apprehensive myself. I was not sure what we were getting into.
When we entered the front door we were greeted by a beautiful woman named Candy who called us by our first names. She took us into a side room and explained how it worked here at the club. The first floor was a social room. There was no sexual intercourse allowed in the front area, but most everything else was. It was really like a sports bar. There was a bar, pool table, and many small tables with four chairs around each table. The private and social rooms were all upstairs. Only couples were allowed upstairs or single women. Single men were only allowed in the downstairs area unless they were escorted or asked upstairs by a female.
In the upstairs there were many different rooms. All of the rooms had large glass plates along the hallway. People could walk the hallway and look into any of the rooms at any time. If the people in the rooms wanted you to join them, they would let you in through the adjoining door in the back hallway. All of the rooms upstairs had certain themes. There was a swinging room, lesbian, bondage, and any kind of other perversion you could think of. She told us to enjoy ourselves, and get in touch with her if we have any questions.
Penny and I entered into the social room. It looked like any bar in a big city. There were quite a few people around the bar and at different tables. We headed to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks. We sat at a table near the bar and started to take it all in. It wasn't long until a good looking couple approached our table. They introduced themselves and sat down with us. They were very open about sex and asked us to go upstairs to a room together. I politely declined, and told them it was our first time here and we just wanted to take things slow. I had said if we changed our minds we would come and find them. They said they were happy to meet us, and hoped they would see us later on.
I ordered a couple more drinks from the bar and went back to my beautiful wife. She already had two gentlemen sitting across from her. They were also polite, and seemed quite friendly also. There were more men than women there, and I could see many of the men glancing over in our direction. I took Penny by the hand, excused ourselves, and told the men we were going upstairs to look around.
We headed up the long stairway to the second floor. We saw a few people wandering up and down the hallway that was open to the social room below. Walking to the first window we saw two couples going at it with each other. We stopped and watched them for a while. While we watched, I would put my arms around Penny from behind and nuzzle into her neck. We watched for about ten minutes, until one of the women in the room looked up, pointed at Penny and motioned with her finger to "come here". Penny mouthed the words no thank you and we were off further down the hallway.
The next room we stopped at was a lesbian room. There were three women all over each other, and very much into each other. I again hugged my wife from behind while we watched the girls. I was pressing my hardness into her rear to show her I was excited and liked the show. As we watched, I casually reached around to fondle Penny's tits. They are gorgeous, and I love the feel of her hard nipples when she is aroused. She stood her ground and let me have my way with touching and feeling her up. The girls in the room would look up every once in a while to see who was watching. I eventually made my way to Penny's pants. I undid her button and zipped them down. Slowly I worked my hand down to her wetness. She was hot, and seemed to be as excited as I was with all the sexual energy we were seeing. I stroked her clit, and lightly fingered her pussy. I was surprised she was letting me touch her, and even expose her a bit to the people putting the show on for us. We eventually left and watched a couple more rooms then went back to the social room below.
We sat on a couch in the back of the social area and did some heavy petting and passionate kissing. I was getting turned on, and ready to please my hot wife. Now we have watched porn, and have done some pretty kinky stuff, but being there and seeing them in person was a different experience. It was erotic and almost surreal because everybody is right there, and you just don't know what you will see in the next room. We probably spent about an hour upstairs getting worked up and turned on. I asked Penny if she was ready to go home and recreate some of the new techniques we had just seen, and she was ready to leave. As we walked to the car, I again hugged her from behind and started to kiss her on her neck and ears as we couldn't wait to get back to our room. We drove back to our hotel, disrobed, and had the hottest night of sex we have had in a long time. It was passionate, slow, and then almost animalistic. Penny ended up with her third orgasm by the time I finally shot my hot load deep inside her. We fell asleep together, satisfied, and happy knowing we had done something out of our norm.
The next morning we woke, showered and packed our bags to relax in San Diego. We both love that town, and have been there a few times in our past meetings with our company. Our flight landed on time, and once again I found myself waiting in line to get our rental car. We finally had three days on our own to relax and really just do whatever we wanted.
We drove through the maze of interstate, and the many one way roads through downtown San Diego. We finally saw and were on the long bridge over the bay to peninsula Del Coronado. The bed and breakfast we had booked was out on Coronado on the north end of the peninsula. It had a view the bay from the back of the bed and breakfast, and the Pacific Ocean from the front. We had our map, directions, and the address and soon we found ourselves parked in front of the bed and breakfast.
The place looked great. It was three stories tall, and looked like it would have a great view from any room in the place. There was a little remodeling to the third floor, but the bottom two looked very nice. We left our bags in the car and headed to the front door to check in. On the way to the front door we ran into one of the construction workers. He had his shirt off, tan, bleach blonde, and was painting the windows on the main floor. He looked like a typical southern California surfer dude. His hair was a little longer and bleached to a light color blonde, probably from all the play time in the water. He had a pretty good physique, muscular but more toned than bulk. Six pack abs, crystal light blue eyes, and perfect white teeth. As in Las Vegas and I was sure here in San Diego was saw many beautiful people. Everyone seemed to take great care of their bodies, and most dressed so others could appreciate it as well.
We walked to the front door and rang the doorbell. There was no answer. I knocked fairly loud on the door a few times and tried to peer in the front windows of the door. Again, there was no response. I tried to find the kid who was painting the windows. He was in the back of the house talking to a few other workers. When we approached him, I asked him if he knew where Tim, the owner of the bed and breakfast was. He looked at Penny and me and smiled, saying "you found him". I introduced myself and my wife Penny and told him we were here to check in. He had a somewhat puzzled look on his face, so I quickly tried to jog his memory of our phone call a month earlier. He said he remembered our conversation, but thought the reservation was for next week. He invited us into to the front office area to check his bookings.
Tim walked us into the office and pulled out his book for reservations. As he thought our reservation was for next week. Penny pulled out our travel file, and gave him the email he returned as a confirmation showing that it was indeed for today, and the next two days. There was obviously some miscommunication, and Tim had made the mistake. He apologized, and said all of his rooms were booked. It had been a busy month for most of the places out here on the peninsula. He told us not to worry, and that he had many friends in the bed and breakfast association who would probably be able to help us out.
Tim opened his directory of all the places to stay out on Del Coronado. One by one he started calling all of the different places to inquire if they had any open rooms. One by one they had all confirmed that they were also booked for at least the next week. We were disappointed, and I think Tim even felt worse since it was his mistake. He apologized again, and told us that since he screwed this up that we could stay in his living quarters on the third floor. We could see he was sincere, and genuinely felt horrible, and added that we wouldn't even be charged for staying here. He told us to get our things and he would show us upstairs, and this was at the very least he could do to make things right. We both declined and didn't want to impose on him, or put him out of his home, but he was firm and said that this would fix our problem at least for tonight. Tim said he would check with some other places in closer to town in the morning to see what he could find.
Penny and I grabbed our luggage and met Tim at the back stairwell leading up to the third floor. He unlocked the front door and led us in to his apartment. It was small, but had a great view. Tim gave us a tour, which didn't last too long because of the size. In the apartment, there was the kitchen and a small eating area overlooking the ocean. On the other side of the apartment, facing the bay was his room and a bathroom. There were windows in every room that afforded a beautiful view in any direction. About a half a story below the bedroom was a private deck with a stairs that came down from the kitchen. Tim was adding on to the upper level next to the kitchen. He was adding another bedroom and an office for when he has company. It was enclosed, windows were in, but he was still finishing putting up the walls on the inside. It was a pretty cool layout. The addition, when done, would connect with the kitchen, and both areas would have access to the private deck below. But as of now, the addition was not even open to his apartment, and I wasn't sure how he even got in there to do his work.
Tim had done all the work on his place. He had told us he started in construction right out of college since he couldn't find a job. After five years, he started his own construction company, and after two years he bought this place to live in, and as an investment. He seemed to be a pretty sharp guy, and a hard worker. We ended up talking with him for about forty five minutes, and he was asking questions about us and what we did. He said it was great to meet us, and that he hoped we would like it here. Penny was looking around at the apartment, and suddenly realized there was no where for Tim to sleep. The apartment was basically a kitchen, eating area, and a bedroom. So Penny asked him if we were to take his room, where was he going to go. He said, if we didn't mind, he would either sleep on the kitchen floor, or maybe even on the private deck below. We thought he would go to a friends place, or maybe even his girlfriends place, but we couldn't let him sleep on the floor of the kitchen. We told him that we would stay out on the deck, at least it was warm, and we weren't going to put him out. He said absolutely not, and didn't want to hear any of it.
I told Tim, half heartedly, that he could sleep in his bed with us, since it was a king size bed. But I told him that Penny would have to sleep in the middle, because I didn't want him spooning me, being from California and all. Both he and Penny laughed a little at that smart ass comment. I kind of said it with a joking manner, not sure of how he would take it, or Penny for that matter. Penny, by the way, gave me a quizzical look, as if she couldn't believe I could be screwing around with this guy we just met an hour earlier. Tim laughed, and smiled at Penny and me. He said that one of his bad habits he had picked up in college was that he became a night owl. Tim said that he usually stays up until about two in the morning and that he would come in and take a side of the bed. He said that at least that way, we could have our privacy, get to sleep, and that he would come in late just to have a place to rest. He mentioned he was also an early riser, so more than likely he would be gone before we even awoke, that is if we were all right with that. Before I could respond Penny said that was fine, and that we could try to find some different arrangements for us the next day.
On his way out of the apartment, Tim told us to enjoy the peninsula, the apartment, and to make ourselves at home. Once he was gone, Penny started to unpack her bag. She made no mention about having to share a bed with this guy. I wondered if she was smitten with this man. He was attractive, and charming, and by the way he talked and smiled at her, I could probably guess that he didn't mind the situation either.
I walked around the apartment and took in the view. Outside the kitchen windows was the ocean. Off the side of the kitchen was the stairway down to the deck, with the addition overlooking it as well. I walked into the bedroom and the windows looked out over the bay and down to the deck as well. I thought to myself, this was going to be a pretty neat place to stay, at least for a night.
It was almost seven at night, and we were getting hungry. We changed into some casual clothes and started walking down the beach to find an open air restaurant. We had a wonderful meal, and ended up listening to some live music at a bar a little further down the beach. Around midnight we started to get the yawns and decided to head back to our third story apartment. We reached the bed and breakfast, walked up the stairway and went in. We were amazed at the lights from the city and boats cruising by in the bay, and the ocean. Penny and I changed into our pajamas, since we would have company later on. Penny ended up wearing hear long white T shirt with nothing underneath. I chose a pair of long athletic shorts. We went down to the private deck and sat and talked for a while. It must have been around one when we decided to go to bed. There were so many windows, and the surrounding city lights that we didn't need to even turn on any lights. The apartment seemed to be illuminated by our surroundings. We went to bed. I chose the far left side of the bed, and Penny slept next to me in the middle.
In the bedroom, there were windows on all the outside walls. I am used to quiet, and darkness, and was having a hard time getting to sleep. I got up and grabbed an extra pillow from the closet to throw over my head, as I do at home. I was also getting hot, so when I got back to the bed, I took off my shorts and put them next to the bed. I threw the pillow over my head, and spooned up behind my sexy wife. I had my arm around her waist, and tucked my head into the crook of her neck and slowly fell asleep.
I am an extremely light sleeper, so when Tim tried to enter into his apartment quietly, I still heard his entrance. I looked up at the clock radio on his dresser and saw that it was a little past two in the morning. Penny didn't hear him come in, and she lay there under my arm silent, and motionless. I lay still by my wife and saw Tim come into his bedroom where we were asleep on his bed. My eyes were used to the darkness, with the addition of all the big city lights, and the full moon reflecting off the water on both sides of the bedroom it was very easy to see everything in the room. His bedroom had windows in all directions. As is probably typical with a younger male, there were no blinds to shut, or curtains to pull.
As I lay there in bed, I watched Tim get undressed. He stripped down to his underwear. He then took the underwear off and grabbed a pair of thin nylon running shorts. He stood before us naked and spent a while gazing over his bed. It seemed as if he was checking out the sleeping arrangements and possibly my wife as his stare went down the length of her body under the thin sheet. He put on his shorts and quietly slipped into bed and under the sheet.
About ten minutes later I could feel a slight movement in the bed. I opened my eyes and could see movement under the sheet. My head was still behind Penny's in the crook of her neck. I knew his view of me was hidden from my wife in front of me. I could see what he was doing, but I knew he had no idea I could see him. From his movements I could see he had his hand under the sheet working his dick back and forth. They were subtle movements, but he was obviously arousing himself, and not taking care of an itch or a reposition of his manhood.
After a few minutes of his playing with himself, he slowly pulled back the sheet concealing his actions. Tim had a hard on, and was now using the thin fabric to give him the sensations of sex. He pulled his shorts down past his balls and started slowly stroking his hard on. His right hand would rub just under the tip, and then he would encase his dick and give it a few slow strokes. He was going at it for a few minutes when he stopped and reached under the bed for something. Coming back into view was a bottle of KY Jelly and a small towel. He was planning to pleasure himself to ejaculation right next to us. As he opened the bottle of KY, he took his left hand and pulled down on his balls to make his erection stand straight up. I saw his member and quickly was comparing it to mine. I am almost eight inches long, but Tim's cock seemed to be maybe two inches longer than mine. I have an average girth, but I was outranked here once again. Tim's dick seemed to be quite a bit fatter than mine as well.
He held down on his balls, and poured the KY jelly all over the top of his tip and let it drip down the sides. Tim started to spread the jelly all around his head, shaft, and some onto his balls. He was very quiet, and there seemed to be no motion to make the bed move or jiggle in any way. I was wondering if my wife was seeing this. She was less than two feet from this man who had a large erection and was attempting to satisfy himself right next to her.
I moved the arm slowly up from Penny's waist. I would move it an inch or two at a time to conceal my movement. When I reached the bottom of Penny's breast, I splayed my fingers open to reach her nipple. It was erect and puckered the way they get when she orgasms, gets cold, or if very aroused. She had to be seeing this as well. I knew she was watching and was getting turned on by the show. Instantly my cock started to swell. I was getting hot by knowing she saw this and was viewing this from less than a couple of feet away.
Tim started manipulating his dick with his jelly coated hand. He would start at the top, make a nice tight squeeze and run it down the length of his dick, and work back up to the head. I watched him stroke a few times and pushed into my wife's backside. My dick was hard, hot, and it was throbbing, desperately wanting to be inside the pussy in front of me. Penny's left hand was on her side. As I had moved mine slowly, so now was she. Her hand trailed slowly to her crotch. My hard on had slipped between her legs and was resting at the apex of her pussy lips. I could feel her warmth and wetness, and wanted to be inside. Her fingers reached the tip of my dick and slid me in-between her lips, and then deep inside her. I started to roll her nipple and gently pull on it, all the while keeping an eye on our friend. Penny's hand stayed in her crotch. She started to rub her clit with small round circles. It was hard not to move or make a noise to alarm Tim we were awake. Her finger would move back and forth across her clit, every once in a while touching my dick to get more juice for her to use. I eased back and pulled my cock a little further out of Penny, until the tip was inside, and the sensitive underside was exposed. Penny knew what I wanted and started with bigger circles to stimulate her clit and my most sensitive spot with the same strokes. The only friction between Penny and me was her gentle pushing back of her waist onto me every so often, and then I would pull back so she could hit the underside of my dick.
As Tim was stroking himself, he now started to spend more time on the tip of his dick. He would encase the head of his dick, and slide down just under the tip. I have done this before as well; we try to emulate what it feels like as we first enter into a tight slippery pussy. I figured he was getting close. He worked the top two inches back and forth, slow and deliberate until he started to cum. His first two shots of semen shot out and hit his chest. There were another three or four that hit his stomach, and the last few streams puddled in his hand. As he was coming, Penny had her orgasm. Her body and pussy tightened and I could feel a few short twitches from her when she came. With her clamping and tightening down on my dick, and the warmth of her juices running down on me, I shot my load into Penny's pussy as I lay there motionless. Her tightening milked me for all I was worth, and it felt fantastic.
We all lay silent not to be lead on that we were in fact awake. Penny hadn't moved an inch, nor did I. Tim took the small towel and slowly wiped away the cum from his chest, stomach, and hand, leaned over and threw it under the bed. He pulled up the sheet and seemed to drift off quite quickly. My softening member slipped out of Penny and she moved her hand on top of mine which was now around her waist again. She gave my hand three tight squeezes. I smiled, kissed her neck, and fell asleep.
I awoke the next morning to find our performer gone. I started to kiss Penny to bring her out from her deep sleep. She awoke and gave me a warm kiss and put her arms around my neck. I told her I couldn't believe what had happened last night, and wondered if he knew we were watching him. I asked Penny at what point did she wake up and see him doing this. She had mentioned that she also had heard the door crack when it was opened and saw the whole thing. I told her I thought his dick was a little bigger and longer than mine, and she agreed with a definite yes. She laughed, and said that mine was the perfect size, and also a perfect fit within her.
We showered, and got dressed and were ready for San Diego. On the way down the stairs we saw Tim working on the windows again. I felt kind of awkward, and tried to hurry to the car, but he called out good morning to us. He walked over and asked how we slept. We both said almost simultaneously, that we were exhausted and crashed hard. He told us of a few places we had to check out, and a couple of great places for lunch. We thanked him and headed back over the bridge into town.
We spent most of the morning shopping, and ended up at a Chinese place for lunch. It was great food, real authentic. After lunch we spent a few more hours shopping and walking in the gas light district until we were ready to hit the beach, or at least get some sun. It was around three in the afternoon, and we were on our way back to the bed and breakfast.
Upon arriving, we saw Tim and his crew still working outside. The wind had picked up and the sand was being blown around the beach. It wouldn't be very comfortable on the beach so we decided to sit out on the private deck upstairs. Tim had asked us how our morning went. We told him where we went, and where we ate. He was please we took his recommendations. He told us to have a great rest of the afternoon, and up we went. As I remember, Tim was going to make a few more calls today for our new place to stay. After seeing him twice today, neither time had he mentioned anything about it, nor did Penny for that matter.
In the apartment we changed into our swimsuits. Penny was wearing her orange floral two piece. I love that suit, because it accentuates her beautiful curves, and even highlights her nipples when they get hard. We grabbed our towels and headed down to the deck below. We sat next to each other side by side. The chaise lounges faced the new addition that Tim was working on. Penny had on her sunglasses and started to read her book. The sun was pounding us, but the wind was keeping us cool. I lay next to her, every once in a while asking her if she was enjoying her book.
I leaned in to kiss her, and she kissed me back. I told her that I love her, and she was the most beautiful and sexiest person I knew. I started to paw at her and fondle her on the deck. I reached under her top and started to rub and feel her perfect sized tits. I kissed her again and started to pull off the top of her suit. Penny told me to stop it, and that we would probably get busted by someone. I looked around our area. No one could see us either from the ground or above us, and I told her so. I said the only way someone could see us is if they were in the upstairs bedroom. The only person besides us would be Tim, and he won't be there until sometime after two in the morning. She smiled, and let me take off her top.
The sight of her there laying half naked was driving me crazy. She is a beautiful and sensuous woman. She was still reading trying to make as if nothing was out of the ordinary. I leaned in to fondle her again, and started to nuzzle into her breasts. I started licking and kissing, doing my best to get her turned on. My lips and mouth had the desired effect. Penny nipples started to get erect. Her breathing was somewhat irregular, and she would hold the back of my head as she pushed her breasts into my mouth. I was getting hard again and took her hand to show her what she was doing to me. She gave my cock a couple squeezes and softly rubbed it through the slippery material of my suit.
I moved my mouth to ear and started to whisper in her ear. I told her that ever since last night I have been very horny and wanted to make love to her, without any confines of trying to be quiet, or not trying to move. She said that sounded nice. I told Penny I wanted to make love to her right now, because it seems we will be staying here tonight and we wouldn't have the opportunity tonight in bed. She agreed, but I wanted to put a twist into this agreement. I told Penny I enjoyed the show last night, and that my greatest arousal is to watch her masturbate for me. I told her to give me a few minutes to get ready. I told her, I am going to go up the bedroom right now, I am going to get naked, and when she gets there I will have a big hard on and will be ready to go. She asked how long she should wait, and I told her that all depends. "What do you mean" she replied, until she finally realized what I wanted her to do. I want to watch you from upstairs masturbating. You can come up once you have had an orgasm, and then I will make sure you have a couple more. Penny kind of groaned at the suggestion, but the fact was she was getting turned on, and we had both agreed to be a little more daring. She agreed to the task, and I headed up to the room.
As I took off my suit my dick was already hard at the thought of my wife masturbating for me in a somewhat public place. I couldn't believe this was happening, but then again I could. Over the years Penny has been a great lover. Each year we both seem to get better at pleasuring each other. She has also, recently, become more open with new ideas, sexier clothing, and revealing her beautiful body a bit more.
I sat down on the edge of the bed and peered out the window below. Penny still had her top off and was reading that damn book again. At first I thought she would not do it, and then just come up to the bedroom. Just as that thought passed through my mind, she closed the book, and leaned back in the chaise lounge. Her breasts looked great from my vantage point. Her lean torso and her long tan legs. She was really a strikingly beautiful woman, which most of my friends and colleagues are too readily to share with me.
Penny laid in the lounge for a few more minutes gathering the warm southern California sun. Her arms were at her sides, and her one leg was slightly bent. Her right hand moved from the chair and rested on her leg. She tilted her head to one side, and her hand started to softly rub the inside of her leg. Her long fingers moved back and forth, and slowly moved up toward her sex. When she reached her pussy, she softly touched herself on the outside of her swimsuit bottoms. She ran her finger up and down the slit of her pussy. Her movements were slow, soft, and were working all around her erogenous zone. The fingers started to dial in on where it felt most desirable. Penny started rubbing a little faster, and started to switch to a side to side motion across her clit.
Her hand stopped for a while and made a path up to her stomach. She was touching her stomach and then started south again. Upon reaching the top of her swimsuit bottoms, she put her hand inside the suit. Her hand went to her pussy and started rubbing again. She was using her right hand to stimulate her clit, and then her left hand joined in to help. My sexy wife now started to finger herself with her left hand while she frigged her clit with her right.
After a few minutes she again stopped. I thought that she was done with this game and just wanted to have something inside her, like me. Instead, Penny raised her hips, and placed her hands inside the top of the suit and pulled it off. She was now totally naked on a deck, masturbating for me. She meant business, and was going to make herself cum. Her chair was facing away from me, and now her legs were open and straddling the chaise lounge to give her better access to where she needed to be touched.
I sat there watching her pleasure herself. Her tits were being slowly rocked up and down by her hands movements. She had never looked more beautiful. As I was watching my sexy wife getting close to an orgasm, I noticed some movement in the unfinished addition straight across from me. I quickly stood up and moved to the side of the window to see if I could stay out of view, and see what was going on. Directly across from me in the addition was Tim. He must have been reviewing what needed to be done, because we didn't hear any kind of work going on over there. He was standing about five feet back from the window looking directly down at my wife. From his direction, my wife was sitting naked, and directly facing him. He could definitely see what she was doing, in fact could see every part of her.
I looked down at Penny to see if she was still going, and she was. Part of me wanted to go down there and rescue her from this. I didn't want her to think that I had set her up, or even planned this. Tim had obviously been there a while, and it was almost a mute point anyway, because of what he was already seeing. I carefully peered around the window toward the addition. He was still there, and now he was masturbating while watching my wife. He had his shorts down around his ankles and his gaze was intent on my wife. He threw his head back, and blasted his come onto the floor as he had done the night before. Just as his subsided, I heard a groan from Penny and looked down to see her shuddering with her orgasm. Her legs were together, and the last few jolts of electricity were working through her. As she sat there recovering from her orgasm, I could see her nipples standing straight out. I jumped into the bed, excited, and a little nervous and waited for Penny to join me.
I closed my eyes as I heard my wife walking up the stairs to the apartment. The door opened, and I could hear her walking toward the bedroom. Just as I promised, I was naked, and ready to give the pleasure she deserved, and that I wanted to as well. She reached the door and said hello sexy. I opened my eyes and saw her there naked, with both pieces of her suit in one hand. She had walked up here totally nude. She looked at me with a great big smile and said WAAA LAAA. I laughed and told her to get over here. She crawled into bed and lay on top of me. She was warm from the sun and a little sweaty from her show for me.
I told her how sexy she looked, and how much I loved her. Penny then straddled me and we started to kiss passionately. I kissed her deep and loved the feeling of her soft skin and weight on top of me. She reached between us and took my dick into her hand. She ran it up and down her slippery essence and then put me inside her. We started to rock back and forth on each other. Penny was starting to get close to another orgasm, and leaned closer into me to open her hips so that her clit could rub on my pubic bone.
We started to get into our rhythm, and I could sense that Penny was getting close to having her second orgasm. I leaned into her ear and told her that when I was watching her down below on the deck, I apparently wasn't the only one who saw her. She never missed a beat and kept grinding on me. I told her that I saw Tim in the addition and he was there watching her as well. With her eyes closed Penny asked me what he was doing, and I told her he was rubbing himself. She seemed to start grinding harder and wanted to know more details. My wife asked if he did anything else. I told her, he eventually took it out and started stroking himself while he watched her. At this point she positioned her pussy at the tip of my dick. She was squeezing her muscles and working the top few inches, just as Tim had done to himself. I reached behind her and slid my fingers up my shaft, gathered the juices and started to smear it around her ass. I slid my middle finger in, and Penny sank down on my dick and was pushing herself back onto my hand.
She asked how long he was doing that, and I told her the whole time. She was breathing heavy and was moments away, and asked if he had cum. I told her he did just before her, and as soon as I was done with that sentence, Penny had a fierce orgasm. I could feel her hot fluid flow over my dick and down the sides of my shaft. Her insides clamped me so tightly that I couldn't hold off any longer and came seconds after my wife. Penny collapsed on top of me, trying to catch her breath, and asked if I was serious about Tim seeing her masturbate on the deck. I assured her I had no idea, but he did see her down below. I told Penny not to worry, because she looked sexy as hell, and I was excited knowing he was looking at you. We let it stand as that. I pulled Penny off the bed and brought her into the shower with me. We cleaned up, got dressed, and were ready for another nice night on Coronado.
That night we headed down the beach again. We did some barhopping, and had a late dinner at a Mexican Taco Bar. Our dinner ended around midnight, and we started to work back towards home. We ended up stopping at two more bars on the way, and Penny had enough to drink and was ready to go to bed. She had the glazy, dreamy look on her face, and I knew she had maybe one too many margaritas. She was pretty tipsy, giggly, and slurred her speech every so often. Once we got home, we brushed our teeth and slipped into bed. Our sleeping arrangements were the same, me on the outside, and my wife in the middle. In this condition I knew making love was not going to happen, and that soon she would be fast asleep. I kissed Penny and said good night, and she mumbled something in return. I knew she was already half asleep, and I would be right behind her.
During the middle of the night, I was awakened by some slight movements of the bed. I was lying on my back, with my pillow over my head to keep out the light and the noise. From under the pillow I could see Penny on her back, and Tim was on his side facing her. I glanced down her body and saw that his hand was on her stomach under the sheet. Penny was absolutely still, and her hands were at her side. His hand was moving lightly across her midriff, back and forth with the tips of his fingers. I watched as he slowly moved his hand further up her body until he was just below her breasts. Penny's head tilted ever so slightly to ward's Tim and I could clearly see that her nipples were straining against the sheet. Her nipples were hard and erect, and I was certain Tim could see the effect his hands were having on Penny.
His hand moved to the bottom of her breasts and traced a line at the bottom of each one. Tim ran his fingers along the side of Penny's left breast and his hand moved in to cover it. When his hand stopped and softly massaged her breast, Penny took a deep breath in. Tim was now working on both breasts back and forth. He was pulling and rolling her nipples softly. I could see Penny's breathing getting heavier and her chest would rise towards his hand with each inhale. After a few minutes of caressing her chest, his hand moved down towards her pussy. He reached her mound and started to manipulate her in the way he had done with her tits. When Tim reached a finger down her slit, Penny instinctively spread her legs a little wider to give him better access.
He was slowly masturbating my wife. It was soft, gentle, and very slow. Penny spread her legs a little wider, and started to raise her hips to meet his hand and fingers. I couldn't believe how turned on I was watching my wife being caressed and manipulated by this guy. Every once in a while she would look in my direction to make sure I was asleep. He kept his pace, and Penny seemed to be getting closer to climaxing. She moved her left hand and placed in on top of Tim's to help guide with the amount of pressure and friction. Their hands were moving in unison. My wife's breathing quickened, and her whole body tensed as she came on Tim's fingers. It seemed to last quite long, until finally she removed her hand from his. He touched her softly for a while longer and then lay back down from his side. He was touching himself again under the sheet. As he did the night before, he pulled back the sheet, and started to slowly stroke his dick.
Penny was still on her back, and I knew she was still awake. Tim was stroking his cock up and down the shaft, and every once in a while he would rub the sensitive underside. Penny slowly turned to her side away from me. I saw her move her left arm over towards Tim. She started to slowly jack him off. Maybe she felt obliged to return the favor, or maybe she was just enjoying this and attracted to this man. She worked him over, and after about five minutes Tim shot his load. Penny kept stroking him until all the cum had been released onto his chest and on her fingers. She spread the sticky semen over his dick and kept softly stroking him until his dick went limp. Penny lay on her side facing him for quite a while. My dick was hard and throbbing, aching for release after seeing this show. My wife was so sexy, and one hot woman. I liked watching her getting pleasured by another man, and was not sure if I should tell her I saw the whole thing.
I woke up the next morning on my side facing the wall. Penny had her arm around me, and was spooning me. Our bodies were pressed tightly together. I rolled into her and gave her a kiss. I decided to not say anything about the night before and how it turned me on, unless she brought it up. Tim was already at work, and we got up to start our last day. On our way out to our car, we saw Tim again working on his house. He smiled, and said good morning as if nothing was out of the norm. I told him, that Penny and I would like to take him out to dinner for letting us stay in his place. He said it wasn't a problem and not to worry about popping for dinner. I told him we insisted, since he wasn't going to even charge us any rent. He smiled again, and said a nice dinner out would be a good change.
Our last day went quickly. It was late in the afternoon before we realized our day was almost done. We headed back to the apartment to unwind. We showered, dressed, and were waiting for Tim to go out to dinner. He showed up around six, and by seven we were in the car on our way to dinner. Tim had made the reservations. The restaurant was definitely high end. The dinning area was inside, with a wall of glass overlooking the bay. There was an outside bar, with tables surrounding the dance floor. We could hear the music inside from the jazz band playing outside.
The meal was fantastic. The food was excellent, and so was the company. Tim was a very nice guy. Our conversations were continuous and covered almost every topic. When dinner was done, we paid the bill, and went to the outside bar to listen to the band, and have a nightcap. The band started to play a slow song, and Tim asked me if he could dance with my beautiful wife. Penny was flattered, and I said sure, but I would be cutting in on the next song. They danced together to the music. They kept their distance, with their hands out together, and his on her hip. Toward the end of the song, as they were dancing, their bodies got closer together until they were pressed tightly into one another. Tim now had his hands around her waist, and Penny had one hand on his shoulder, and the other around his neck. The song ended, and he gave her a peck on the cheek.
Penny came back to the table and told me it was my turn to dance with her as I promised. It was another slow song, and we danced close. I told her that I loved her, and was so happy she was my wife. She said she loved me as well, and gave me a kiss and hugged me tight. I told Penny that I thought Tim had quite the crush on her. She laughed, and asked why I thought that. I told her I could tell by the way he smiles when he talks to her, and the way he looks at her. With her physical beauty, and her caring personality, it is no wonder why he would feel the way he does. She laughed again, and said that he was a nice young man.
I told Penny that if he made any advances, and she wanted to act on them, that it was all right with me. She looked at me with a quizzical look, and asked what I meant. I said I found it kind of sexy, and erotic that this guy would love to be with you, and if something were to happen, I would want her to enjoy that pleasure. The only disclaimer I had mentioned, was that if something happened, she would have to tell me all the details, watch, or maybe even join in. Our love is love, and anything else would be just sex. Penny asked me if this is what I wanted. I told her if she wanted to experience that, then so did I. I would not be jealous, but more excited about what might happen. She said she only loved me, but ended her sentence with we'll see. Our song ended, and we went back to the table where Tim was. We sat and talked for another hour or so, until we decided to head back to his apartment.
Once we got there, Tim pulled out a bottle of wine, and we headed out to his private deck below. I had a glass of ice water, and Tim and Penny each had a glass of wine. We sat in the chairs looking out over the bay. It was late, and I was tired. I told Penny and Tim that I was beat, and was ready to go to bed. I thanked Tim for his hospitality, and kissed Penny good night. She said she would come up with me, but I told her to finish her wine, and that there wasn't a hurry.
I went upstairs and quickly got into bed. My dick was rock hard, thinking about the possibility of something happening. I wondered if he would make a move, or if Penny would accept his advances if he made them. I was laying in bed, when I heard Penny coming up the stairs. She came into the room quietly, and whispered my name. I didn't respond, pretending to be asleep. She waited a few moments, and started to undress. She took off her clothes and her bra, but left her white thongs on. Penny grabbed her pajamas out of our bag. She had put on a pair she had not yet worn on this trip. It was her pink pajamas I had bought for her at Victorias Secret. They were a soft pink lycra material with a floral pattern. She put the top on, without a bra. I could clearly see her breasts and her dark nipples showing through the thin material. It was a sleeveless top, with just spaghetti straps holding it on her body. She put on the pants over her thongs, and synched the string tight. She looked absolutely gorgeous.
Instead of climbing into bed with me, she went back out to the deck to talk with Tim a while longer. I peeked out the window and saw them sitting together on a chaise lounge drinking their wine. Tim was sitting back in the chair, while Penny sat on the end facing him. I went back to bed, dieing of curiosity, to see how this would eventually pan out.
A short time later, Penny entered the room. She still had on her pajamas, and her thong. I was certain nothing had happened out on the deck since she was wearing everything she had when she had left the room. She came to bed with everything she was wearing on the deck. She whispered to see if I was awake. I was lying on my back with my arm over my head and didn't respond. She slipped under the thin sheet and lay on her side facing away from me. I was curious and excited, not sure of what to expect if anything. Could I handle this, if something were to happen? I wasn't sure of anything anymore, except the fact that I had such a stiff cock waiting to see if we were all going to sleep, or if there was going to be something to see.
Tim came in about twenty minutes later. He was wearing only the thin running shorts he had been wearing to bed. He slowly sat on the edge of the bed, swung his feet up and slipped under the sheet next to Penny. A few moments later, I saw Penny moving her head slightly. She was checking out Tim, and I could see that his head was turned towards my wife. Penny moved her left arm and placed it across Tim's chest. She leaned into him and started to kiss him. It was a sensuous, open mouthed kiss. Tim started to rake his fingers through her hair, and they were finally giving in to the attraction they have been bantering back and forth the last few days. My wife then slid her left leg over his legs, and straddled him. She was leaning into him kissing him. Penny started to plant kisses on his cheeks, ears, and neck. His hands moved from her hair, and down to her ass. He started massaging her ass cheeks, and was moving them up and down her back. Her silhouette looked so sexy; she was truly a beautiful woman.
Penny finally broke the kiss and looked into his eyes. She leaned back, and put her hands on his chest, and with one swift motion took off the transparent pajama top. Tim's hands quickly moved to her chest and started to softly squeeze each luscious breast. Her nipples were once again erect. Penny leaned in again to him and started to kiss him passionately. He must have been stiff as a board, because now they had started to gently rock with each other. Penny was slowly grinding up and down on his hard dick, and his hands now held her hips. He put his hand inside her bottoms, and was kneading her ass. Tim would raise his hips into her. He started to pull down the bottoms. Penny raised herself off of him for an instant, and at once her clothes came off and sat on the floor of the bedroom.
She in turn took hold of his shorts. She slowly pulled them down, and off his legs kissing a trail down to his feet as she did so. Now, both of them were totally nude, in a full state of arousal. Penny kissed her way back up to his stomach. She took hold of his big cock and started to squeeze it and stroke it slowly. She held it in her hand as she was kissing his balls. My wife kissed a path up the staff to his bulbous cock head and started to suck. She was giving his a blowjob. Penny would take as much of it into her mouth as she could, giving plenty attention to the tip. Tim was now holding her head, and pushing his hips into her face. His breathing became sporadic, and suddenly he jerked and started to cum into her mouth. Penny kept sucking and stroking him until he stopped his spasms. She managed to swallow most of his semen, except for a small trickle that ran down from the corner of her mouth. Tim kissed the top of her head, and then gave her another open mouthed kiss, and immediately rolled her onto her back.
He started to kiss all around my wife most sensitive areas, until he finally reached her pussy. Tim had one finger inside her rubbing her G spot, and his mouth had totally covered her clit. She was in a frenzy. Her nipples were taut, and her chest was jutting upward to make sure his tongue kept the pressure on her clit. I couldn't take this anymore and leaned up on my side to get a better view of them both. With my movement, my wife looked in my direction and lay very still. I moved into her and gave her a kiss. It was passionate, and she was breathing heavy. I whispered in her ear, that I loved her and she looked absolutely beautiful. I started to kiss her neck and worked my way to her sensitive nipples. I was sucking on one, and rolling the other with my fingers. She started to climax, and let out a loud moan. Her orgasm seemed to last very long, and was obviously very intense. As it subsided, I looked down at Tim, and he looked at me. He was standing at the end of the bed, and his dick was hard again and standing straight up. I gave him a nod, as if to say, go ahead, and he did.
He slid up the bed and lay on top of Penny. They started to kiss each other, pet, and started to grind on each other again. My wife spread her legs, and wrapped them around his legs. She took his long, thick cock and started to rub it up and down her slit. There were squishy noises from all the juices around her pussy lips, and he started to enter her. It only took about four or five inward strokes until he was buried to the hilt. I grabbed a pillow and put it under her ass to make sure he would be hitting her G spot. As they started to grind again, I came back in to work on her breasts. I was sucking, pulling and rolling the nipples. I wanted Penny to have all the satisfaction of being pleasure by two men, two men manipulating all the erogenous zones on her.
Penny seemed to be writhing and twisting all around the bed. She was hopefully feeling the intense sexual pleasure and energy from the both of us. Penny started to reach for my cock, which was rock hard and dripping pre come from the tip. She grabbed it and started to expertly work me with her hand. She told me that she wanted to suck it. I got up to my knees and brought my dick close to her mouth. Immediately Penny took it into her mouth. She gave me a blowjob like she never has before. She would take me deep into her mouth, and suck the end. My whole dick was being licked and sucked, and it felt wonderful.
As my wife was giving me the blowjob of my life, I took the opportunity to take in this amazing sight. She was getting fucked by this young stud, and she was bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. I looked down to see Tim's dick sliding in and out of her. He would pull back to the head, and then slowly enter her until his pubic bone would rub on her sensitive clit a few times. When he pulled his dick back out, and this time he would rub his slippery tip all around her clit and pussy lips. He sank himself fully into my wife, and starting a continuous grinding motion with her. Penny was getting close, and reached down to his shaft. She skimmed both sides of his dick and used the lubricant to smear it on her clit. She started to frig her clit with gusto. She started to cum, and moaned loudly on my dick still in her mouth. This sent me over the edge, and I blew my hot semen in her mouth. She swallowed it all during her orgasm. It felt as if I kept coming and coming, and she was sucking it out of me.
Once my wife started to orgasm, it triggered another release from Tim. The hot release and the tightening of her pussy walls instigated his orgasm. He stiffened his upper body, and let out a loud grunt. He kept pumping until the last hot spurts subsided. Penny's eyes looked glazed over, as she lay there spent and satisfied. Tim pulled out of my wife and lay down next to her on the other side.
I started to fondle her and leaned into her neck and kissed her a few times. I asked her if she enjoyed her two men. She said she had indeed. Penny had said her two orgasms tonight were the most intense she has ever had, and that the second was much more intense than the first. I thanked her for giving me the opportunity to see this, and to also be involved in making her feel so good. My wife is a sexy, beautiful woman, and I love her very much. When we left for home, Tim had invited us to come back any time, and we would be able to stay with him. I am sure he would love to have us stay here again, and I think my wife would as well.