Kelsey had a busy Saturday. After helping with the clean-up at home, she drove over to Raymond's and spent some time with him. He'd already begun loading up his car, and was going through clothes in his room when she got there. He was nervous about moving to Brooklyn. He grew up in New York State, only five hours away from the big city, but he'd never been there.
"You're not gonna have a car?" Kelsey said, sounding surprised.
"No. It's crazy expensive to keep one down there, and I'll hardly ever use it. I'm gonna drive down with my stuff tomorrow, and then I'll bring it home next weekend and take the train back."
"Oh, cool!" Kelsey said. "It's like an adventure!"
Raymond wished he had some of Kelsey's childlike enthusiasm for life. Instead, his heart pounded and his pulse raced when he thought about trains and subways and trying to find his way around New York City.
"Me and Brie and Charity are comin' to visit," Kelsey said. "You got two roommates, right? How old are they?"
"I don't know," Raymond said. "They're not old I don't think. A lot of software companies are mostly young people."
Raymond knew the look in Kelsey's eyes. He shook his head a little at his wild friend, but he knew one thing — if she and the girls did come visit, it'd get him in solid with his new roommates. He'd be the hero of the geek world.
Kelsey asked Raymond what he thought about her dad and Charity at the party, talking quietly so Raymond's mother and father wouldn't hear. Raymond hadn't really though about Charity going off the deep end, although he had noticed her drinking pretty heavily lately. He thought about his own struggles with emotional attachment. Back around sixth or seventh grade when Kelsey first blossomed into a woman, he desperately wanted to be her boyfriend. They'd already been friends for about ten years, but she was beautiful and popular and he was a geeky nerd. He went through it again right after high school graduation, when Kelsey brought him into the world of naked girls and sex. She took his virginity next to Brie's pool, after telling him in no uncertain terms it was strictly a friends with benefits kind of thing. Ray was swept away in the magic of it all, but it took him months to eradicate the head-over-heels love he was feeling that night. He was glad he did. As much as they loved each other as friends, he knew Kelsey needed a different kind of man. Someone more like her father.
"I think I'm gonna go over to Brie's and see what I can find out," Kelsey said. "Wanna come?"
"No, I've gotta stay with Mom and Dad. Mom's pretty sad that I'm leaving."
"We all are, Honey," Kelsey said. She gave Raymond a soft kiss and hugged him. "It's gonna suck having you gone. Will I see you tomorrow?"
"Can I stop by on my way out of town?"
"Me and Mom will be mad if you don't," Kelsey said. She was smiling, but her eyes gave away her sadness.
—
Kelsey drove over to Brie's and entered through the unlocked front door. Brie and Charity were out by the pool, sunning in the nude the way they often did.
"Hi you guys!" she said brightly, trying to shake off the gloom she felt after watching Raymond pack.
"You're cheerful," Brie said, sounding a little hung over. "What did you do, sleep all morning?"
"Hardly," Kelsey said. "We've been washing all of your wet spots out of the bed sheets."
"Oh, sorry," Brie said. "I didn't think about that. We should have come over and helped."
"No biggie. So, I love that you guys don't wear clothes, but what are you gonna do when your dad gets back?"
"We were just talking about that," Brie said. "We started out thinking apartment, but now we think we should rent a house. Something with some privacy. Wanna come in on it with us? It won't be 'till we all start our jobs."
"Cool!" Kelsey said. "Yeah, I'll totally do that with you guys!"
"But in the mean time, yeah, Daddy'll be back in a week," Brie said. "It's gonna kinda suck."
"What's he like?" Charity asked Kelsey.
"He's... kinda hot," she said, thinking back to the affair she had with him years ago. "You better watch out, you'll be getting a daddy complex."
"I think she's got one already," Brie said. "Did you see her with your dad all night?"
"Hey!" Charity said, blushing and turning shy.
"You know he's happily married, right?" Kelsey said. "The kind of sex we have is all casual. No strings. It's the same with Mom and Dad and their friends."
"I know," Charity said, sounding disappointed.
"It's cool that you guys turn each other on. Mom thinks so too. But it's best...not to think about relationships. Especially with older guys. That's the way I do it anyway."
"Your mom...was watching us?" Charity asked, starting to sound a little concerned.
"Sure. All those women keep tabs on their guys. Think about if you were married, doing what they do."
Charity thought about Kay, and how much she liked her. She felt like a fool for being so clingy with her man. The fatigue and the hangover conspired — she swallowed hard and fought hard to keep tears from her eyes.
"Hey, it's no biggie. We're all learning as we go," Kelsey said, thinking about Brie's father again. "You're not the only one. If we wanna be cool like Mom and her friends, we gotta figure it out as we go, right?"
"Yeah," Charity nodded.
"We haven't talked about your big moment yet," Brie said, sensing it was time to turn the conversation to the pleasant side of things. "That was so fucking hot when you were up against the kitchen window."
Charity's eyes got wide when she remembered. It was the best orgasm of her life. "I've...never felt anything like that. You guys were watching?"
"Everyone was," Brie said. "It was the hottest thing of the night."
"Oh," Charity said, suddenly remembering all the eyes on her. "I came so hard. It was...different."
"Daddy can do that," Kelsey said. "I mean, not with me... like that...but...I've watched him with lots of women."
Brie squinted a little, wondering why Kelsey was blushing. She didn't notice her with Bobby last night, but...was something going on she didn't know about?
Charity furrowed her brow when Kelsey mentioned all the orgasms Bobby had given to other women. It stung, but she knew she shouldn't let it. She had some serious work to do on her frame of mind.
"You liked being watched, didn't you," Brie said to Charity. It was more of a statement than a question.
"No!" Charity said, but a hint of a smile gave away her deeper feelings. "Maybe...a little."
"Yeah, it was fucking hot, girl," Brie said. "I mean, rippin'!"
"So who else did you get with?" Kelsey asked Charity.
"Those other three guys. Your dad's friends."
"Nice! You really let your older guy thing fly, didn't you?" Kelsey teased. "That's cool, though. You should play with Koop and Happy next time. They're lot's of fun."
"Is there gonna be a next time?" Charity asked. "I mean...is your mom mad at me?"
"No silly! I told you, she thinks it's cool that you think Daddy's hot, as long as you don't get all nutty about it. Yeah, there'll be plenty of next times."
Charity was relieved. She felt like she was on an emotional roller coaster, and wanted to get off.
—
Kelsey's next stop was Koop's Crawlers. It was her first time visiting the shop without a bikini or a specially chosen outfit on. Her halter top and shorts were a lot more girl-next-door than Koop or Happy had seen.
"Hi you guys!" she said as she walked in, her sunny smile lighting the way.
Koop and Happy both said hello, but there was an awkward tension in the shop.
"What, are you guys all shy about last night?" she said, getting right to the point the way she always did. "Never seen each others cocks before?"
She giggled. Koop and Happy couldn't help but laugh. The girl was just too much — all they could do was go with her flow.
"How fun wasthatparty, huh?" she said. "I'm so glad you guys were there."
"I don't think "fun" goes quite far enough to describe it," Koop said.
"Cool. I was hopin' you guys liked it," Kelsey said. "So Happy, I shouldn't be tellin' you this, but Sharron really likes you. She's worried though. She thinks since you met her at that kind of party you might not like her."
"Tell her not to worry," he said, fighting back a schoolboy grin.
"Is it okay if I give you her number? Just text her hi. She'd love it."
"Thanks, Kelsey. Yeah, I will," he said. He wondered again if she reallywassome kind of angel.
"So, I saw Jessica leadin' you off by the hand," Kelsey said. "That must have been fun since you guys know each other from the restaurant and everything."
"Yeah, that was...memorable," Happy said. "The whole night is somethin' I'll never forget."
"Cool," Kelsey said. She knew the feeling well.
—
Kelsey finished her rounds at Austin's house. She texted him from Koop's parking lot. He was sitting on the front steps when she arrived.
"Hey," he said, leaning back on his arms in the sun, bare chested and barefoot.
"Hey," Kelsey said. She sat down next to him and kissed him softly. It was a more girlfriendy kiss than her usual. "Your mom home?"
"No, she's at the gym."
"Oh, she does that? That makes sense." Kelsey thought about Austin's mom's toned legs, and the rest of her nice body.
"She's been going since Dad left. I think she hooks up with guys there."
Kelsey's eyes flared with intrigue. "Really?"
Austin shrugged and smiled. He didn't really want to talk about his mother's sex life, even though it was a subject that interested him. He pulled Kelsey to him and kissed her again, hoping to change the subject. Her eyes twinkled when their lips separated.
"She gonna be gone a little while?" she asked.
Austin smiled and took her hand, pulling her to her feet. It was her first time inside his house. She looked around, taking in all the details. The place was decorated cute, but like a lot of single-parent homes it was all done on a low budget.
Kelsey wandered over to a bookshelf in the living room, heavily laden with family pictures and mementos. She picked up a picture of Austin, taken when he was five years old.
"Holy shit you were cute," she said. She held it up so she could judge his current face next to the smiling small one. "God, you're adorable." Austin didn't know if she meant then or now. She meant both.
She put it back in place on the shelf and picked up another one, Austin standing next to a lake, in shrunken gym shorts, holding a fish he'd caught.
"Fuck," she said softly, smitten with his youthful beauty. "You never told me, when was your first time?"
Austin smiled. He knew what she meant, but he'd never told anyone the story. "It was there. New Hampshire. The year after that, I guess," he said, glancing at the picture. "There was a couple girls that liked me, at this place we used to go. It was, like, all cabins, you know? They were younger than me and kind of annoying. I mean, I liked them, they were okay. Their mother and father hung out with my mom and dad, drinkin' in the evenings and stuff. They were super nice. I wanted to go bullhead fishing at night all the time, but my dad got tired of it. Mrs. Leblanc said she'd go with me. She kind of liked to fish."
"You had a boat?" Kelsey asked.
"Yeah, a fifteen footer with an outboard. Nothing fancy. A fiberglass ski boat kind of thing."
"So, Mrs. Leblanc liked to fish, huh?" Kelsey said, smiling coyly.
"Yeah, but, that night she didn't bother with it much. I don't think she really planned on...fishing."
"Whoa. That's so hot," Kelsey said.
"She made me go way down to the other end of the lake. I didn't know why at first. It was cool though, because when you're bullhead fishing you just let the bait sit on the bottom of the lake. You don't have to do anything. You just sit there. So when we were all done we had four fish to bring back with us."
"Ha ha!" Kelsey laughed. "It's like in the movies. What do they call it...the perfect alibi?"
"That's what we thought, but, the next day everybody was acting funny. Things changed. It was weird. I don't think my dad minded. I always got the feeling he tried to convince my mom it was better with Mrs. Leblanc than getting some girl at school pregnant. But neither of them ever talked to me about it.
"So? How was she?" Kelsey smiled.
Austin smiled too. "She wasn't anything like your mom or her friends, but it was kinda great."
"Did she give you a blowjob too, or just fuck you?"
"Yeah, she did a bunch of stuff. She blew me, and she showed me how to lick her. She rode me on the seat, and then she wanted me to fuck her doggie-style."
"Ibetshe did," Kelsey said, looking longingly at the picture again. "I wish I could have seen her face when she saw how big your cock is. You must have blown her mind. Did she cum?"
"I think so. I mean, I didn't really know what it was back then, you know? But when I think about it now, yeah, I think she came a bunch."
"Yup," Kelsey said, still lost in the youthful picture. "All right. We're gonna re-enact it, right now. Where's your room?"
Austin smiled as she took his hand and pulled him down the hallway. She peered into every room they went by, stopping at his mom's.
"I'm across here," he said, trying to get Kelsey to stop snooping.
"You're mom's got good taste," Kelsey said, scanning all the details of her room. "What are those for?" she asked, looking up at two industrial looking hooks mounted to sturdy boards on the ceiling, one right above the bed and one above open floor. Everything was painted white, but the hooks were worn down to shiny metal.
"That's for her exercise stuff. She's got like, elastic things that hook up there."
Kelsey's brow furrowed, but Austin couldn't see it. She wasn't so sure that was what they were for. There was a similar arrangement in one of the extra bedrooms at home, and she knew what that was used for.
"Does she bring men home?"
"Yeah, but not when I'm here. She's pretty open about it. She always asks if I can go out for the night or something. It hasn't happened in a while, though. I think maybe she gave up. It's kinda sad."
Kelsey made a few mental notes and yanked Austin toward his room.
"Mrs. Le...what was her name?"
"Leblanc," Austin said. "They're from Quebec."
"Ooo! I've heard the girls are really pretty up there."
"Yeah," Austin smiled.
Kelsey questioned him about all the details of that night on the boat, and the re-enactment progressed from kissing while she rubbed his hard-on through his shorts, to a nice blowjob, to Austin on his knees eating her pussy while she sat, to Kelsey riding him as he sat on the edge of the bed, to doggie-style on the floor.
The doggie-style was well underway when Barbara got home from the gym. Austin was counting on the usual sound of the garage door going up to signal him that his mom was home, but he'd forgotten that Kelsey's Jeep was in the driveway, blocking the way. When Barbara parked behind it, her face flushed with adrenaline as she imagined what might be going on inside the house. Austin was an adult, after all, and Kelsey was...Kelsey.
Barbara had inadvertently surprised her son one other time, about two years before then, when she'd gotten home early from shopping one day. He was masturbating in front of his computer, watching one of Kelsey's porn scenes. She knew not alerting him to her presence was a horrible thing to do, but she walked in on him anyway, hoping to get a look at him in his fully aroused state. She was disappointed in herself, but she wasn't disappointed in the view. Her son had the same magnificent cock her ex-husband brandished, the only part of the dreadful man that she missed.
This time, with Kelsey there, all she wanted to do was listen a little. Barbara had watched Kelsey's porn scenes too, but she had trouble imagining her son fulfilling the roll of those porn men. She knew she shouldn't be imagining it at all, but it was there, in her mind, and it wouldn't get go away.
She took off her shoes on the front stoop, quietly opened the front door and had a look around. Before she'd even stepped inside she heard Kelsey, clearly in the throws of pleasure from Austin's big cock.
The slap slap slap of bodies coming together gave cover for the squeaking floorboards as Barbara made her way to the kitchen. The noises coming from Austin's room were raw, seemingly amplified by the straight hallway. Barbara felt like she was sneaking around on the set of a porn studio, and her son was the big-cocked star. A wave of guilt washed over her and she was just about to leave and make a proper, noisy entrance when Kelsey had one of her big orgasms. Austin's grunts told Barbara he had finished too. The sudden silence forced her to hold her ground.
"I can't believe how much energy you've got after last night," Kelsey said breathlessly, her words quiet but clear as day to Barbara in the kitchen. "My mom and her friends didn't wear you out?"
"They tried their best," Austin said. "Especially your mom."
"Did you like being in her ass? She came super hard on you. That was so hot, there was like ten people watching."
"Your dad wasn't, was he?"
"No. He's cool with it though. Do you feel weird about that?"
"Sort of. Maybe not, I don't know."
"Do you think you could have a relationship like my mom and dad? Open like that? As long as you were real solid with your girl?"
"Yeah, maybe. I don't know. Why?"
"I thought maybe you and me could be, like, more than friends. You make me happy, Austin."
The house went silent again. Barbara assumed they were kissing.
"God, I love how easy you get hard," Kelsey said. "Fuck me again, but then we better stop before your mom comes home. Unless you wanna fuck us both. She still make you horny?"
Barbara's heart was beating so hard she thought it would explode.
"Close your eyes and think about her. I know how much you like your older women."
Austin moaned. The sound of it almost made Barbara faint. She waited until the fucking got noisy again, tip-toed out the front door, got in her car and drove away. She needed some time before she could face her son.
—
Barbara knocked softly on Austin's bedroom door.
"Sweetheart? Can I come in?" she asked. Her heart was back to it's earlier trick, beating so hard she could hear it.
"Sure, Mom. Whats' up?"
"So...there's no good way to tell you this. I'm disappointed in myself for doing it, but...I heard you and Kelsey earlier."
"Oh," Austin said. "Mom, I'm...I'm out of college now. You gotta sort of expect..."
"No, it's not that, Austin. Of course I respect that, that you're an adult now, and sex is...a part of your life. I'll be honest with you, it's not the easiest thing for me to get used to, but I am. I'm okay with it. I'm happy for you. Sex is...great."
"Oh. Okay," Austin said. "It's okay that you heard us. Don't worry about it."
"Austin, what I heard was more than the sex. I heard you...talking."
"Oh," he said. "About Mrs. Leblanc? Sorry, Mom."
"What? Mrs. Leblanc? From the lake? Austin, what about her?"
"Oh," Austin said, realizing his blunder. "I was just telling Kelsey about our vacations."
"Good Lord!" Barbara said quietly, shaking her head. She couldn't even make eye contact with her son about that one. She regathered her thoughts.
"Austin, what goes on at Kelsey's house? Are you involved with something with her parents?"
Austin's heart started doing the same thing his mother's was. He tried to breath and come up with an answer.
"They just...had a party Mom. I was there with some friends."
"Last night?"
"Yeah."
"You got home very late. What time was it?"
"About three. Mom, out of college, remember?"
"I don't care about how late it was," Barbara said. "I'm sorry, I don't want to sound like a detective. Can we have an adult-to-adult talk about it? Can we just talk like friends?" she said, taking Austin's hand. "I'm interested."
"You're interested? Mom, I don't know if I want you to be interested."
"Oh. Well, I don't mean..."
Barbara was getting flustered.Shedidn't even know what she meant. Was she interested, or was sheinterested? It had been over a year since she'd found a man she was comfortable enough with to play with the bondage she so enjoyed. The thought of her son being involved in wild sex had confused her even more than she'd initially thought.
"Let's start over. Friends, right?"
"Okay, Mom," Austin said, wondering just how honest he should be.
"Was the party fun?"
"Yeah, it was great," Austin said.
"How many were there?"
"I don't know. Fifteen or sixteen, I think that's what Kelsey said."
"Some older and some younger?"
"Yeah," Austin said. That answer made his heart pound again. Barbara swallowed hard too.
"Nobody underage I hope."
"No, Mom, it was cool. Everybody's cool."
"Does anybody ever try to get you to do things you don't want to do?"
"No. Not at all. Everybody's happy."
Everybody butme, Barbara thought. She wondered when everything had shifted so drastically.Sheused to be the one having fun, and her son was doing normal childhood things.
"Okay," she said, exhaling a deep breath. She hugged Austin tight. "When did you become such a man? Last time I looked you were my little boy."
"Everything okay, Mom?"
"Yes, Sweetheart. Your mom's just feeling old."
"Mom, you're not," Austin said, thinking how the men at the party would have loved having her there. It was a strange thought that unsettled him a little.
"I need to get out into the world a little. Ever since your father left, it's been...challenging."
"I know, Mom. Any nice guys at the gym?"
"Ha! That's a laugh. They're all way too full of themselves, preening all their muscles. There's a few nice guys, but they're all taken. I've seen Kelsey's father there with some friends of his. They're all nice, but they're all married. Small towns suck sometimes."
"Something will work out. You're too beautiful to be ignored."
"Ha! I should have that put on a t-shirt! Thanks, Sweetie, you always know how to cheer me up." Barbara hugged Austin again. "It feels so good, talking to like this. No more secrets, okay? We'll be friends from now on."
"Okay, Mom."
"Bring Kelsey around when I'm here sometime," Barbara said as she headed for the door. "I'd like to get to know her better."
"Yeah, that'd be cool. She likes you."
—
"Oh, Hi Honey!" Kay said when Kelsey got home, just after dark. "I was just going to have a glass of wine. You girls want one?"
"Sure, Mom," Kelsey said.
"Not me," Sharron said. "I'm wiped out. Last night took it all out of me. I'll see you all in the morning."
"Night, Sharron," Bobby said.
She hugged everyone and went up to her room. She was snoring softly ten minutes later.
"I talked to Charity," Kelsey said. "I think it's okay now. She wasn't happy with herself, and wondered if you were mad at her, but I told her you were cool with it. She gets it I think."
"Oh good, Honey," Kay said. "I'll make sure sheknowsI'm okay with it. Now, if we can keep yourfatherunder control next time she's around..."
"I know," Bobby said. "I get it, too. Maybe if she didn't look at me the way she does..."
"Oh! Look at you, gettin' all hard!" Kay said. "Brother, you got it bad!"
"Daddy!" Kelsey said, watching her father's cock grow. "You're bad!"
"They've got the chemistry," Kay said. "There's not much we can do about it, except keep 'em reined in."
Kelsey shook her head. Sometimes her parents truly fascinated her.
"Mom, you'll be happy to know I went over to Austin's. We're officially more than friends."
"Oh, Honey! That's good news!" Kay said. "Let's have a toast to beautiful boyfriends. Mine was a keeper. I hope yours is, too."
Kelsey smiled and clicked glasses with her mom.
"That's nice, Sweetheart," Bobby said. "I'm happy for you guys. How's he doing on the job hunt?"
"He's still working at the sports center. His last interview went well. It's for a customer service job at the plastic factory. It's a suit and tie thing that'll get him in the door maybe."
"Oh my, he'll be so handsome in a suit and tie," Kay said. Her eyes flared a little when she imagined it.
Kelsey smiled. It was a little weird that her mother had a sexual relationship with her boyfriend, but...life wasn't exactly normal in Kelsey's world.
The wine glasses were drained, and Bobby's manhattan was long gone. All were tired after the busy couple of days.
"It's bedtime I think," Kay said. She pulled her tired husband to his feet, hugged him around his middle and started walking to the stairs. "Wanna read us a story, Honey?"
"Yeah, okay," Kelsey said. She smiled a little. It had only happened twice, but 'read us a story' seemed to be her mothers way of saying she wanted a little threeway family fun to end the day. A luxurious bit of sex that drew the small family together, intimacy at it's most intimate. Kelsey wasn't sure how far her mother, or her father for that matter, wanted things to go, but she was definitely along for the ride, loving the deep connection it was helping to forge.
"How many have you written, Honey," Kay asked as they all ascended the big staircase.
"Oh, lots," Kelsey said. "They keep filling my head, so I keep writing them down."
"Get your notebook and come to bed with us," Kay said.
Kelsey brushed her teeth, swirled her minty mouthwash and combed out the short hair she'd fallen in love with. She gave her crotch a quick wash to get rid of any stale residue of Austin. Across the hall, in her room, she flipped through the pages of her notebook and picked out a story. It was nothing special, just a short one that she liked. She walked down the hall to the room next to hers. Her father was already lying on the bed, one leg straight and one leg bent at the knee, his foot tucked under his thigh. He was reading a magazine. Kay crawled onto the big bed next to him, leaving room for Kelsey next to her.
"What have you got tonight?" Kay asked.
"It's called The Woman In The Flesh Colored Bikini," Kelsey said as she snuggled next to her mother.
Kay giggled. She loved Kelsey's creativity, and she loved having the family together in her bed.
Bobby put down his magazine and Kelsey began to read. As the story heated up Kay's hand went from Bobby's thigh to his cock, slowly stroking it to its full, hard length.
"Oh, Honey!" Kay exclaimed at a particularly hot moment in the story. She took the opportunity to shift her position a bit, and take Bobby's cock in her mouth. By the time the story ended her mouth had moved to Kelsey's pussy, lapping at the newly cleaned softness of it. Kelsey moaned and put the notebook down. Kay pulled at her thighs to get her to move down on the bed. When Kelsey was flat Kay rotated like a featherweight gymnast, landing delicately in the top position of her beloved sixty-nine. Kelsey tasted her mother and Kay dove in for a clit-tickling feast.
"Mom!Fuckyou're good!" Kelsey said breathily.
"Fuck me, Bobby," Kay said when she came up for air. "Fuck me slow."
Bobby positioned himself over Kelsey's head. She took his hard cock in her hand and aimed it at her mother's beautiful pussy. She moaned when Bobby's hard flesh disappeared into the glistening wetness.
"How's that feel, Mom?" she sighed. "Huh?"
She lifted her head and licked, first the clit, and then the hanging balls. She opened her mouth and sucked them in, gently playing with them with her tongue. Bobby groaned. His slow thrust was bottoming out, just the way Kay liked it.
"Let me taste me," Kay said. "Come around this side."
Kelsey moaned deeply as she let the balls slip from her mouth. She knew where Bobby was going. It would be the first time his big cock was just inches from her pussy. Kay hit her with a flurry of skilled mouth moves, drawing a loud groan, nearly making her cum. Kelsey was lost in the glorious feeling, when Kay throttled back, postponing the big orgasm for something bigger, something better.
Bobby knelt between Kelsey's legs so Kay could inhale him. She'd blown him a million times, but loved it more and more as the years went by. It was even sweeter when she tasted herself on him, and her lovely moan told him so.
She let him slip from her mouth, holding his slippery shaft in her hand so she could engulf Kelsey's pussy again. The inevitable was in the air, and all the participants floated on the high.
"Oohhh," Kay sighed when she used the tip of the big cock to massage Kelsey's clit.
"Ohhh fuuuckk," Kelsey breathed.
The whole scene was explosive — breath being held, hearts pounding hard. Kay sighed as she pressed the big purple tip between Kelsey's pretty pussy lips, all wet and squishy and ready. She watched, like Kelsey had, as the long shaft disappeared inside.
Breath was still being held, let out in short bursts and groans as the sights and sensations rocked everybody's minds. Bobby was fucking, moving the way a man moves, and Kelsey was being fucked, the way a woman loves. Kay licked her clit and sent her over the moon.
The orgasm was as warm and beautiful as any Kelsey could remember. Kay pulled Bobby out, slurped the slippery shaft into her throat, and put him back in Kelsey's still writhing body. Her groan woke Sharron. Kelsey floated on the wave, lost in the lightness and deepness of the bliss.
Kay saw the tell-tale signs and pulled Bobby out just as he erupted, taking his warm, wet gift on her waiting tongue. She gobbled it down and sucked him in again before plunging him into Kelsey's waiting heat one more time. Bobby bellowed at the feeling, slowly fucking his way down from the cloud he was on. The noise had woken Sharron from a dream. She thought about joining whatever was happening, but she drifted back to sleep.
"That was so beautiful," Kay sighed as warm bodies cuddled together. "I love storytime."