Chapter 18 - Fantasy Fest -- Day One
The girls had been planning a girl's weekend for a few weeks before the Golf Tournament that Gina, Nikki and Karen will be participating in to raise money for charity.
Gina told them she was going to try to get Brian's jeep for the ride down to Key West for the extended weekend the last few days of Fantasy Fest, Karen a bit apprehensive knowing that Gina loved showing off herself as well as her friends.
But after Gina saw Brian driving a rental car, it wasn't looking good, she chatted a bit with him, Brian explaining the jeep was in the shop for repairs and wasn't sure when he would get it back, the dealership was waiting on parts to come in from Mexico.
However, he did tell her if it were repaired in time, he would be happy to trade vehicles as long as she shared picture of their weekend. Although not being able to get Kevin's Jeep for the trip to Key West was probably a good thing. Can you imagine three immature MILF exhibitionists in an open jeep for a four-hour drive, half of it in the Keys?
Gina sent the girls a text a few days out telling them; "I wasn't able to get Brian's Jeep so there will be a little more cover in the car in case you're feeling shy, pack very lite, pack revealing for partying in the bars and Duval Street. Moreover, XXL muscle shirts like bikini covers for the ride down."
The morning the girls were planning to head out Gina was finishing up her packing which include a four pack of men's size small wife beater tank tops, in case of an emergency. Like say they lose too many clothes partying and showing off. John was not surprised to see Gina has only packing one small bag. What seemed more like kid sized book bag with her limited clothing and her beauty essentials. "Should I dare ask what you are wearing for the drive down?"
She just giggled, "You afraid I might show too much?"
He kind of rolled his eyes telling her, "There is no dough in my mind you will be doing that, just curious how much too much?" He pulled her nude body to him kissing her, reaching down to grope her bare ass.
"I might wear this for the ride, what you think?"
John hoped she knew better, thinking it might get her arrested or at least a ticket.
While she was packing a few flavored water bottles and bottled tea in a small cooler there was a knock on the front door.
Gina giggled, "You want me to get that?" her bag and tank top laying on the counter.
"No please no, you don't even have the T-Shirt on and there is no telling who it is."
Gina heard John answer the door talking to Brian is sounded like. "Sure, hang on, let me get her," John told him.
He walked back into the kitchen, "It is Brian, he said he has something for your trip."
"Well where is he?"
"Baby, your kinda naked at the moment!" he answered.
"Like he has never seen me like this before," She told John, yelling towards the front door, "Brian, come on in, we are in the kitchen."
Before John could say anything, Brian was walking through the living room into the kitchen, Gina was closing the refrigerator with her ass to him.
"Holy crap Ms. Gina!"
"Please, you have seen me like this more than once." As she turned to face him, the cold air having made her nipples harden before she turned around.
"Yeah, but it is always like the first time, Mr. John you are one luck man! And here are the keys to the Jeep, it is all gassed up!" Brian staring at her big bare boobs.
"Oh hell yeah," she ran around the island, her boobs bouncing, to give him a hug, Brian not sure where to place his hands against her naked back. She digs into her purse and pulls out her Mustang keys tossing them to him, "This is going to be so fucking awesome!"
Smiling at John, he tells her, "You do realize driving the Jeep you will have to wear a bikini of something for the ride down, right? Not that you wouldn't look awesome wearing what you're wearing at the moment!"
She just giggles at him, "says you! Yeah, we know unfortunately."
There was another knock at the front door and it swung open, "Hay Gina, we ready yet?" as Karen come walking into the kitchen. "Oh, I love your outfit!"
John and Brian just stared at her in her oversized tank top hanging loosely on her petite frame, a good bit of side boobs showing and her nipples poking through the thin material only an inch or so from the sides ready to peak out. The bottom hanging a little higher than mid-thigh.
"Dang Ms. Gina, can I just ride down with y'all?" Brain asks while ogling Karen.
Karen giggles, "I think you might get us in more trouble than we can handle," as she looks the young jock up and down.
Gina pulls the tank top off the counter and slips it on, about to grab her bag.
"Baby, that is a bit too short, it doesn't even cover your ass or, you know."
She reaches back feeling her ass cheeks, "Oh its fine, I just need to pull it down and stretch it a bit." She winks at Brian as she pulls it down just a bit not quite covering her smooth bare pussy.
Before John can reply she gives him a hug and kisses him goodbye, grabs the small cooler and bag, "I will call you once we hit the keys to check-in." He just watches as Brian, Karen, and Gina head out the front door, he watches his wife's tanned bare ass wiggling away; he can only shake his head knowing this is the new Gina.
He hears Gina telling Karen, "Oh no, that's why Brian was over this morning, we get to take the Jeep!"
"Damn girl, and you're driving wearing just that? You are going to cause a wreck or two!"
John just watches his wife and Karen out the bay window, Karen grabs her bag off the top of the Mustang, Gina's tank top having retained a bit of its original form.
Creeping up her hips, the very top of her ass crack now barely covered, John knows the front is now completely uncovered as well.
Both of the girls are showing off a lot of side boobs as Brian continues to ogle them both, pulling out his phone to snap a few pictures of them as they prepare to leave.
The girls place their bags behind the back seat, Karen asks, "Where are the doors and the rest of the top?"
Gina quickly answers, "In his garage, we certainly don't need them!" Brian looking at her tanned legs and upper thighs smiling.
John watches as his wife climbing up into the Jeep, her top rides up to her lower waist, along with plenty of side boobs from both of them still, her hips and thighs on display as she cranks up the vehicle and the two of the back out and are gone.
Karen looks over at her, "You do realize that top is going to be just for show once we hit I-95?"
She giggles, "I sure hope so, I'd be naked if we were in my car!"
Getting on the Interstate for a few miles the traffic never gets above forty miles an hour in the heavy construction traffic, but plenty of people take notice of Gina's lack of proper clothing, a few realizing she is driving bottomless seeing her bare tanned thighs, hips and waist.
Turning off 95 in the Hollywood area, Gina sends Nikki a text telling her they will be at her house in less than five minutes.
Pulling up, Chris, Nikki's husband comes out to the Jeep. "Fuck me Gina, you mind well be naked." He looks down between her legs, her top up to her belly button, one of her thin straps about to drop off her shoulder.
"Please send me lots of pictures and video of Nikki, I really want you to show her off in Key West," Chris tells her as Nikki comes out with a small, camouflaged hunting bag. She is wearing the same tank top of his that she wore the night at the bar when Gina got her to change into the night they met.
Karen looks over and smiles, "I can see why you would enjoy showing her off."
The narrow straps barely cover her nipples, her boobs sway with each step, the bottom of it a bit longer than Gina's hits about mid-way down her hips, but enough to cover her pussy and most of her curvy ass cheeks. "I thought we were taking your car! Everyone will be able to see us in this thing!" Chris snaps a few pictures of Nikki and of the other two, especially Gina.
Karen tells her, "Just get in and let's have fun!"
Chris drops her bag in the back as he takes her hand helping her climb into the back seat through the side where the door once hung. Just as she is about to drop down Chris takes the opportunity to push her tank top well up her waist, leaving her bottomless like Gina.
"Leave it like this sweetie, show that shit off for me!" Chris makes a request of her.
"Oh she will," Gina assures him. "Put your foot up on the door frame and show him what the truck drivers will be seeing!"
Chris snaps a few more pictures as she spreads her knees as Gina suggested. Gina shifts into gear and pulls away leaving him waving at them as Gina heads down US 1 for a little bit to avoid the construction traffic before hopping back on the Interstate.
In no time there are pushing 65 to 70 miles per hour and the tank tops are flopping around. After passing a few big trucks, Nikki yells up to the other two, "I feel like the wind is trying to strip me!"
That's when she sees Gina's top is bunched up and her boobs are no longer covered, the right strap bouncing up and down off her shoulder, her left boob just hangs out the draping open side, her top having shifted to the center, totally exposed. Nikki holding the right side of her top in place, as the left side just bounces on and off like Gina's top.
Gina yells back to her laughing, "Fucking let it go where it wants!"
Nikki moves to the center so she can see better, talk to the other two better and watch them, enjoying the fact Gina doesn't care who sees what.
Gina adjusts the mirror to watch Nikki who in leaving forward, the thin straps do little to keep her nipples covered as her top bounces around her waist and shoulders from the wind. As they approached yet another big pickup truck on the right, four-college age guys pulled up alongside on the left in a lifted 4x4 Ford truck, two of them already taking pictures of them and calling out to them.
Gina grabs her big boob and gives it a squeeze looking over at them. The guys yelling for her to take it all off. She lifts her top to almost her neck showing them that's all she has on. Gina yells back to Nikki, "Take off your top so Karen can video you!"
Karen turns in her seat, "Yea do it, let's show Chris you have what it takes!"
"Oh my God you two are fucking crazy!" she yells back, but feeding off the two of them, she does like Gina did, lifting the top above her boobs to flash them her body. They yell for her to take it all the way off.
Karen is yelling too, "All the way Nikki!"
Nikki turns facing them and gets up with one knee in the seat, her other foot on the floor, giving them a view of her bare pussy now, then pulls the top up over her head. Holding it in her right hand, Karen reaches out into the view of the video and grabs her top from her. The guys still cheering and videoing her.
She finally turns back around and crosses her arms over her boobs laughing at what she had just done. Gina manages to get a head of the trucker and shifts lanes to get ahead of the guys before they cause an accident. Karen still videoing her and Nikki, laughing the whole time.
Nikki yells up to her, "Ok, I did it now give me my top back!"
Karen just giggles, "You are just fine, and by fine, I mean, fucking fine!"
Nikki kept laughing, "I can't believe I just did that and now I am naked, you two suck!" She sits back with her arms across her breasts looking at people gawking at her in the back seat naked.
The three of them get plenty of cat calls and horn blasts as Gina weaves through the late morning traffic headed South on Interstate 95 towards the Keys.
When they get to Dixie Highway, Gina suggests to Karen that Nikki put her top back on, "We don't want any of us getting in trouble before we even get to Key West."
Karen still acting a bit shy, but both of them could tell she was actually enjoying the attention. Even with the wind no longer tossing their tops around driving on Highway 9 in the slower traffic, the girls still got plenty of catcalls and comments for the next thirty-five minutes before hitting the two lane south of Florida City where it turns into Highway 5/US1 headed towards Key Largo.
Nikki has gotten a bit more comfortable, her legs between the two bucket seats resting on the arm rest and against the other girls thighs, her tank top pulled up exposing her stomach from below her boobs to her feet to the sun, the straps draped down on her upper arms, allowing her shoulders and the tops of her boobs to tan as well.
Karen looks back, bitch, just take the shit off, it's a good twenty minutes to Key Largo, she points her phone at her again. Nikki doesn't hesitate this time leaning forward and pulling it over her head and dropping the shirt on the seat. Karen takes a few pictures of her sunning naked in the back seat of the Jeep with cars behind them. She still gets a few horn blasts from truckers passing in the opposite direction. Karen giggles as she sends the pictures to Nikki's husband. Receiving a text with multiple smiley faces.
Coming into Largo she just lays her top over her boobs, not bothering to put it one this time. For the next twenty minutes Nikki gets more and more daring, letting the shirt drop off her chest even though they are in traffic on the now four lane highway headed south, giving an accessional wave to people who notice her, sometimes moving it to give them a better view if they seem appreciative of her exposure.
Crossing the bridge onto Islamorada Key, Gina tells the girls, "Its lunch time, Nikki you might want to actually put your top on, just saying."
Turning at the sign for Smuggler's Cove, "This is a great biker bar with awesome food," the girls see several Harley's parked in the Marina parking lot.
Before getting out the Jeep Nikki pulls the tank top on pulling it over her head, it falls down over her ass after she gets out the back seat. Gina gets out giggling, "Yeah John mighta been right," as she tries to stretch the top longer to cover some of her ass and pussy, with her being so short it almost makes her decent for the Keys.
The three of them walk across the parking lot Karen being the only one to bring her phone with her. The three of them showing off a lot of bare legs, cheeks and side boobs, they enter through the trellis gate, then across the small patio into the bar.
Before their eyes can adjust, they hear someone say, "Well would you look at this shit!" The girls know they are referring to them as they start to see a good number of people drinking and eating lunch. Gina gives her top another pull down in the front.
A few biker guys call them over to join them at the bar, the three of them accept their offer hoping for free drinks and lunch, they slide up on bar stools. One of them asks Gina, "Damn sweetie, you lose your bikini bottoms, cuz the view is killer!" Gina's and Nikki's tank tops creep up as they sit exposing their bare asses and lack of any kind of bottoms.
Gina laughs at him, "Well I thought my shirt was longer, I guess maybe I was wrong."
"Well them tits are about to slip out too, and they look pretty damn awesome. Matter of fact all y'all's tits do!" Several others agree and make similar comments. Nikki makes sure her nipples are still covered by the thin straps of her husband's revealing muscle shirt.
Another guy tells Nikki, not to be shy, most of what she's got is already out there. All the guys around her laugh at his comment.
The girls order beers, one of the guys picks up the tap, when Nikki reaches for her drink her boob slips from under the strap, she ignores it sitting back down on the stool, knowing the guys are watching her.
Gina's narrow straps do little to keep her covered when she lifts her arms up, the guy next to her making the comment she should just be naked with her tits out like that.
She laughs, "Its only lunch time, I don't think it would be proper yet, I wouldn't want to offend anyone ya know."
The guys all tell her it is just fine if she wants to, none of them mind. Another telling her it wouldn't be the first time a beautiful babe or two was naked in here. She laughs, as they look over the menu, not bothering to push the strap back up on her shoulder.
The girls order salads and an assorted fried seafood platter as the guys keep their beers fresh, ogling the three of them the whole time. Gina and Nikki getting giggly eating up the attention.
When they finish up, their bill is taken care of by a few of the bikers. As they were about the leave one of them asks of pictures with them. The girls are giggly and agree to pose with them and for them.
At first, they are happy with whatever the girls are allowing to show, Nikki's boobs and Gina's pretty much, everything, not having stretched her top back down again lately.
When they leave, a few guys follow them out asking if they would pose on their bikes. None of them has issues with the request as they are followed out, the guys taking in Gina's bare ass, Nikki and Karen's peeking from the bottom of her tank top and a lot of soft firm side boobage.
At the bikes, the girls sit on them, Gina and Nikki, a bit un-lady like due to their shirts being so short. The guys taking in their exposure from their slightly parted thighs, one of them makes a comment to Karen, "Come of baby, just take that tank top off and show some skin like your sisters."
She laughs at them, sliding her shirt the rest of the way up her thighs, not quite exposing herself. Nikki tells her, "Come on, I'll do it too, so will Gina, right?" She looks over at Gina smiling. As the cars and trucks whiz by mere feet away right behind them on the highway.
A few more guys are strolling out to watch. Gina can feel her desires to expose building and cross her arms pulling her top off. The guys giving a few "hell yeah's" and "look at those tits!"
Nikki, right next to her is stripping her top off as well, "Come on Karen, no need to be shy!"
She laughs and lifts her tank top up and over her head as well, her tits look even bigger on her small frame, no longer covered by the loose tank top. Several of the guys and a few girls snap off several pictures of the three of them. Karen asks one of the guys to snap a few pictures using her phone so they can share them with their husbands.
Gina finally tells them they need to get going and the three of them climb off the bikes, laughing, they hurry to the Jeep and jump in to leave. The guys still snapping pictures and videoing their bare backs walking away. Gina asks Karen to drive this time, as she is pulling her tank top back on. Gina and Nikki have their arms across their chests holding the tank tops in place over their boobs as people honk horns at them from US 1, still trying to cover up their fronts while slipping into the Jeep.
Karen cranks up the Jeep and they head out South on Highway 1 once again. Gina nor Nikki having put their tank tops back on. Instead, just somewhat cover up when they get to populated areas along the route.
Clearing Upper Matecumbe Key, Gina balls up her top in her hand and turns to Nikki, "Call Chris on FaceTime and give me your phone, let's have some fun!"
Nikki's hand holding her tank top across her chest, her bare thighs, hips and waist bare, with her sitting on the driver's side back seat, giving waves to people who notice her.
With the phone ringing she passes it to Gina, she holds in close to her face not giving him a full view of her or the other two.
"Oh hey there Gina, you showing off my sexy wife?"
Giggling, "You mean like us posing naked on Harleys for some bikers? That would be a yes!"
"Holy crap, send me pics, I want to see that!" he begs.
"We were posing not taking picture, maybe I should have though." She laughs.
"All three of you were naked together for them?"
"Only wearing our sandals!" He can hear all three of them giggling.
Gina moves the phone away a bit allowing him to start to see the top of her cleavage, the wind whipping her hair about and Nikki's arm coming into the frame waving to him.
"Shit Gina are you topless, you're not wearing the tank top now that you had on earlier!"
She laughs at him, "Yeah you could say that!" She moves the phone back even more, as a horn blows, passing them in the opposite direction, Chris can see Gina naked to her waist, as well as his wife in the back seat holding her top across her boobs, her legs and up to her hips bare to oncoming traffic.
"Damn it! Tell Nikki to toss her top out the Jeep! Let them see it all baby!" Chris begs.
"I like that idea, but she can't do that, she'll need something to wear once we get to Key West!" She giggles at his request, turning the phone more towards her reaching back, "Give me your top Nikki!"
She doesn't hesitate to give up her tank top sitting back naked. "Is that better?"
Nikki yells to him, rubbing her bare breasts for him to watch, Chris can see the line of cars behind them heading south. Then she stands up hanging on to the roll bar and screaming at a passing truck. One of the cars behind them honking their horn at her bare ass.
"Fuck that's incredible, y'all are making my dick hard!" He tells Gina who pans to Karen, the wind whipping the tank top a bit flashing her firm boobs and bare legs.
Then turns it back to herself showing him she is just as naked as his wife.
"We got to go now, just wanted you to know I am doing what you asked!" And she ends the call, they all laugh like little girls as the cross the bridge to Lower Matecumbe Key where traffic slows a bit with a lot of construction still going on, passing several people waiting to turn onto Hwy 1 from Gina's side, drivers sounding horns seeing her naked body in the Jeep.
Once on Craig Key speeds get back up to the posted speed limit, oncoming traffic still able to see Gina and Nikki on display showing off their bodies, as well as Karen's occasional boob flashes and bare thighs. Crossing the long bridge toward Conch Key Karen tells the girls, "I bet that water feels so good, look how clear it is!"
Gina tells her, "We can stop for a quick dip, but you have to take off that tank top and show off that body!"
"You two are fucking crazy, you're going to get us all arrested!" Karen tells them.
Nikki laughs at her, "Yeah and?" Standing up again reaching over the seat bunching up Karen's tank top in her hands pulling it higher as they approach Grassy Key.
"Nikki Stop, you're going to cause me to wreck!"
"Well pull your arm out then!" Gina tells her, a car passing blows a horn approving of Nikki standing up exposing her bare body.
"Y'all need to stop, I am not as brave as you two, and I need a few more drinks to lose my top driving!"
Gina tells her, "Ok next bar we stop for drinks then!"
"You two are nuts, I am not stopping until we get to Key West!"
Gina laughs pulling the strap off her right shoulder exposing her boob, and then starts pulling the shoulder strap towards her stretching it out making it even looser, her boob now outside the low neckline of the thin top.
"Please Stop! You're going to rip it!" Karen begs.
"What do you think I am trying to do?" Her and Nikki laughing.
Karen gives in not wanting one of the few tops she brought ripped off her, pulling her arm free. Nikki pulling it up and over her head leaving it hanging on her left arm, the wind flapping it behind her leaving her big firm youthful looking boobs in the open.
Karen uses her left arm to cover her boobs with the white tank top, but Gina wastes no time grabbing it pulling it off her arm, "Bitch you have the body of a nineteen-year-old cheerleader, be proud of that shit!"
She cuts her eyes at Gina, "You suck! And thank you!"
As Karen comes around the curve on Grassy Key, they see brake lights and traffic slowing. "Crap there is a cop ahead, give me my top!"
Nikki and Gina just laugh, turning away from the right side as Karen covers up with her arm hiding as much of her ample boobs as she can. They all watch to see if he sees them. He is paying no attention to the traffic, his head looking down at what appears to be paperwork. After passing the cop, traffic picks up again leaving the three nude mature women to continue on south towards Key West with their bodies on display in the completely open jeep.
Coming into Marathon Key, Karen realizes Hwy 1 is turning into a four lane, the speed is dropping to 45 MPH, and people behind them will be able to pass them. "Gina, what the fuck do I do! People will be passing next to us!"
She laughs covering her face, "Stay in the left lane I guess, let them pass on my side, I am not scared!"
As soon as it turns to four lanes the car behind them speeds up to get next to them and slows, another close behind that car. The two couples in the car honk and wave to them, the girl in the back seat lifts her top flashing the three of them her small boobs. All three of them laugh, Karen honking back at the girl.
A mini cooper comes up alongside following the car that just passed, a guy hanging out the passenger's side videoing the three women, Nikki and Gina turn to face him, shaking their boobs at him as the girl driving slowly passes them.
Several others pass them, some not even noticing or acknowledging them, except the people on Harleys who give them thumbs up and wave for the next eight miles.
Nearing Hog Key two younger guys, both shirtless and tanned, in a black lifted Chevy Tahoe pull up next to them, "WOOO BABY, follow us and let's go out on our boat!" They yell to them, the driver holding his cell phone towards them.
Gina laughs at them turning in the seat to face them spreading her knees placing a foot on the door opening. Causing them to yell more at her blatant exposure toward them. Telling them, "We are too old for you boys!"
The driver yelling across the Gina, "I want to eat all three of you, you're all fucking incredible cougars!"
Nikki moves over facing them as well, spreading just like Gina did but she reaches down and slips a finger down into her slit then brings it to her mouth, sucking it clean. The passenger yelling to her, "Do that to my dick baby!"
The three of the laughing as they tease the two guys. Karen finally gets into the game and yells to him, "Show us what you got!"
They are all three pleasantly surprised when he unties his trunks and lets them fall down his legs as he rides sitting on the window opening, his semi hard cock quite impressive dangles between his thighs. Gina yells to him, "That's a nice piece of meat there, come find us at Key West later tonight, I will suck it for you!"
She turns to Karen, "Speed up and let's get to Key West before I tell you to follow them!"
The three of them laughing after flirting with the two younger guys, Gina turning to the other two, "Did you see the size of that thing!"
Karen answers her, "Oh yeah, what you going to do if they show up?"
Giggling she tells her, "Video Nikki sucking him for Chris to watch!"
Nikki gasps, "What, you said you were going to do it!"
"Chris wants a slutty wife, that's about as slutty as it gets!"
She giggles, "It was a pretty cock!"
Cross seven mile bridge the girls are met with more honks from traffic passing them before hitting Big Pine Key, Nikki telling Karen and Gina she needs to use the ladies' room and to find a gas station.
They finally find a Shell station halfway across the Key and pull in, Gina starts passing out tank tops so they can go in and not get in trouble. Karen pulling up the pump not really paying attention which tank top landed in her lap as Gina and Nikki quickly pull their tank tops over her heads then bail out hurrying inside.
Nikki yelling at Gina, "Bitch you have my tank top!" which causes people to look her way instead of at them with their side boobs hanging out the sides of their tops.
Gina yells back over her shoulder, "Hurry up and pump the gas so I can pay inside!"
Karen hurries to get the top on laughing at herself for causing a scene that brought attention to herself sitting there naked, when she realizes Gina's top is much shorter on her, it almost covered Gina's butt cheeks and her lack of panties in the front. But on Karen, she is almost a foot taller, it rests on her hips providing no coverage below her waist.
Stepping out, Karen uses her hand to cover her exposed pussy. She looks around trying to hurry and get the gas cap off, she remove the nozzle placing it into the jeep bed, then turning the pump on all while trying to keep as close to the side of the jeep as possible to use it as a shield for her nudity.
Gina and Nikki are inside watching her giggling at her, watching people looking her way at her bare ass, it's quite obvious there are no string on her hips, and she is standing there bottomless.
She finishes filling up the jeep with gas, then has to push herself to hurry inside needing to also use the restroom. Walking across the concreate she continues to cup herself to hide her pussy from people gawking at her lack of bottoms and her bare ass. To her own surprise she realizes how wet she is getting between her legs, oblivious that her right nipple has been pushed from under her top by her left arm at her pussy.
As she opens the door Gina and Nikki are headed out. Nikki laughs at her, "Dang girl, you mind as well just be naked with your tit out like that and no bottoms!" A few others watching her agree and one guy telling her to go all the way, it is Fantasy Fest Weekend after all!
She rolls her eyes hurrying to the ladies' room, passing the restroom mirror she realize what Nikki was talking about, her left boob for the most part out the side of Gina's low open side tank top.
Karen does what she has to do and hurries back out to the jeep still covering her exposed pussy, her top pulled back into place concealing her cute boobs, barely. Gina is back in the driver's seat with Nikki in the passenger seat, standing up videoing Karen walking to the jeep and mostly guys making cat calls to her, there are a few women as well.
She quickly hops in the back seat, "You two suck cow dicks! Let's get the fuck out of here please!"
Gina and Nikki laugh as they head south again. Nikki has her top bunched up around her waist which allows the wind to push her thin straps around her shoulders, her nipples exposed more than they are covered. Gina in Karen's top provides little exposure for the exhibitionist in Gina and asks Karen to trade tops.
She quickly agrees peeling the top she is wearing off over her head, Nikki reaches back and takes it from her.
Karen waits as they cruise down A1A for her top back, Gina knowing it is killing her to be totally naked in the open jeep. "Can I have my tank top please?" Karen begs from the back seat, her arm across her boobs.
Gina adjusts the mirror, "Damn you are one really fucking hot lady, move your arm and show off those tits and I might give it to you!"
Karen knows Gina has her at a disadvantage and sits back stretching both arms out across the back of the bench seat, her small hard pink nipples looking like pencil erasers, outlined by her untanned bikini top lines and the rest of her body dark tanned.
Gina smiles back at her in the mirror, "Feels good, doesn't it?"
"Shut up!" was her only response as the wind pushes around her body and between her spread legs. Gina catches her watching people as they pass to see if they notice her sitting there naked in the back seat. When she closes her eyes, Nikki snaps a few pictures of her on display to those looking her way.
Once they hit Cudjoe Key traffic was slowing considerable and Karen started getting a bit nervous again and asked for her top once more, Gina giggles and pulls off Karen's top holding it up, allowing it to flap in the wind over her head as Karen looks up in horror hoping she doesn't let go of it.
She quickly reaches up snatching it from her, pulling it back into the jeep. "Fuck girl what if that would have slipped out of your hand?" They all laugh while she fights the wind to straighten it out so she can get it on. Gina is still naked, her top tucked under her right thigh waiting for the traffic speeds to stabilize before she puts it back on.
Karen's top rests on her hips as the cars ahead of them continue to slow in the late afternoon traffic approaching Big Coppit Key, near the Naval Air Station, it is because of the evening party in the streets along Duval Street.
It is only another six miles of bridges before getting to Key West, Gina was enjoying the waves and head turns as she passed the oncoming vehicles, traffic headed to Key West doing less than twenty miles an hour now.
Passing Shark Key she knows it was time for her to cover up, if you want to call it that in the short tank top that leaves her thighs and waist still exposed.
Once on Key West the two lane turns to four which allows for cars and trucks to pass the jeep. The girls enjoying the yells and horns from people seeing them with exposed legs, side boobs, while others realizing they are all three bottomless.
They all three are giggling at the attention they are getting, being so brazen heading across the island to the hotel still another slow ten miles away. They take US 1 around the Northern end of the Key headed to the Ocean Key Resort at the end of Duval Street.
Turning on Palm Ave traffic is slow moving and the cat calls continue. Palm turns into Eaton and the crowds begin to grow the further they go across the island towards their destination. They finally take the right onto Duval moving slow which allows them to watch and be watched, Gina pointing out other barely dressed women to Nikki and Karen.
Karen keeps looking left to right, "Damn look at all the people, we have to get out the Jeep and to the hotel dressed like this?"
Nikki laughs at her, "Yeah we should fit right in!"
Gina does the loop and pulls up to the Valet Parking sign and turns off the Jeep. As she is reaching for her wallet she hears from her left, "Welcome to the Ocean Key Resort... Oh my I hope you three are staying with us!" as Gina swings her left leg out the door opening, her top still well up on her hips.
The young Cuban guy just stares looking at Gina spread thighs, his eyes slowly looking higher at her boobs not quite covered by the open sides of the tank top, with her turned to slide out her left boob had slipped from under the top. He finally sees her smiling at him as his eyes reach her face. "You are obviously here for Fantasy Fest and I am thinking you three will be quite an attraction his week, I am Carlos please let me know if you need anything during your stay with us!"
He finally looks over at Karen and Nikki as they are getting out the jeep, obviously dressed in just tank tops as well, Nikki's low top revealing most of her boobs to him from the top and sides.
Nikki asks him, "Took us longer to get here than we anticipated, where would you suggest for a late lunch, that we could walk too?"
He just smiled hoping they were not going to bother with changing before they headed out after checking in. "You just head down Duval and there are plenty of places, Sloopy Joe's is just a few blocks down, Captain Tony's is good too and I know they would appreciate your outfits there!" He is looking from one to the others taking in their exposed side boobs and Gina's top not quite long enough to hide her ass cheeks or the hint of her bare slit.
The women grab their backpacks and head inside, to get situated.
After giving up the Jeep to the valet attendant, they get checked in, the guy at the desk doing his best to not be distracted. the girls were trying to decide where to head first. They take the elevator up to their floor and drop their bags in the room.
Karen suggested they all change into more appropriate outfits to roam the streets of Key West. Before Gina could reply, Nikki laughed at her and told her, "Appropriate is the last thing we are here to be, we are headed out in just what we are wearing," they both glanced over at Gina in her too short top, the back sloping off her round ass exposing most of her butt crack.
Gina just smiled at them, "Ya'll know I'm game, let's get going cuz I am starving!" Giving Karen an evil grin.
Nikki tells Karen, "And you know I ain't afraid to let these girls loose to show them off, make sure you get lots of pictures and video to send to Chris... and John!"
Karen just rolled her eye knowing she just lost this battle, Nikki's nipples barely hidden under her husbands oversized narrow string strapped top exposing most of the top portion of her round tits.
Gina grabbed their hands and said, "We got partying to do, let's get going!" Out the door they went giggling headed to the elevator to hit Duval Street.
As they exited the lobby door the valet Carlos was headed in with a load of baggage, he just smiled seeing Gina still practically bottomless with her tanned thighs exposed to her waist and Nikki's almost covered boobs giggling unsupported, nipples peeking out every few steps, they are all three turning heads. Karen's tank top keeping her covered except her curvy firm side boobs that barely sway when she walks.
Heading up Duval already thick with parties dressed in wild and revealing outfits for the evening's party that had already started. The three of them turning heads as they are making their way up the sidewalk. Karen alerted Gina the back of her tank top was riding up her ass and she needed to pull it down before her woohoo was showing.
She smiled at her, "It's a bit late for that!" Doing a turn to show her that her tanned legs all the way up to her pussy which was peeking out the bottom and on display.
It's not long before the first of many phone and camera wheeling males are asking to take their picture. Gina and Nikki are more than happy to pose, or pose with other women and men begging to stand next to them. Karen has to be coaxed a bit as the other two are more than eager show more skin to their new fans. Karen also snaps pictures for Nikki's husband of the two of them showing off their bodies to the crowds.
Nikki is more getting more brazen when someone asks, she merely turns towards the camera pushing the straps off her shoulders allowing them to drop to her elbows.
Gina just as keen, pulling the armholes to the center exposing her big bare breast which also lifts the bottom of the top higher exposing her smooth tanned pussy lips. Of course, men are pigs and never satisfied, requesting her to just take her shirt off completely. As much as she wanted to, she declined their requests. Telling them she was a married woman, and she didn't want to get arrested on her first day.
A bit past the hotel there are street barricades already in place to block Duval Street. Even the cops smile, eyeing the three of them with their jiggling side boobs exposed.
It takes them a while to make it to Sloppy Joes bar, only a thousand feet or so from the hotel, having been stopped every few steps for videos and pictures to be snapped it seemed. Gina and Nikki can't get enough of exposing their tits to the appreciative people.
Entering their first bar in Key West the three of them drew immediate attention in their barely dressed state, being early in the evening. Even the lead guitar player noticed them heading to the bar making a comment about it being time to get some pretty ladies up on stage to dance with the band.
Nikki waved at the band, giggling knowing he was referring to them, her left string like strap about to drop off her bare shoulder, the waving making her mostly exposed tits jiggle a bit.
The crowd applauded knowing that usually meant extra exposed skin from women brave enough, once on stage. Women instinctively feeding off each other and the cheering crowd.
At the bar Gina has to lean a bit up on her tip toes trying to get a bartender's attention. Behind her she has all the men's attention with her ass exposed and pushed out a bit, the shirt up on her hips now, not a tan line to behold, not even a string or triangle at the top of her butt crack.
She hears from behind her, "Would you look at that fucking ass!" It makes her smile even more know they have their eyes locked on her bare butt, and maybe more?
A guy next to her calls out the bartender by name asking for four Sam Adams, setting them on the bar he turns to Gina, "Nice tits too!" He was looking inside the armhole of her top, he slides her three of the beers. She looks down realizing her top is hanging away from her body and exposing her nipples to the guy.
She smiles at him, "Why thank you and it pleasures me as well knowing they are being admired!" She turns giving her girlfriends their first of what she anticipates being many free drinks that evening. She looks back at the guy knowing her top is still riding on her hips.
Turning she sees Karen and Nikki being chatted up, Nikki's strap now to her elbow, her left boob being ogled by the guys around her, a few snapping pictures. Karen's face a bit red standing next to her friend on display like it's normal in the crowded bar.
"Here we go ladies," passing out the beers. Eyes turn away from Nikki's lack of a top over her left boob to Gina's short tank top and exposed below her hips and side boobs, the edge of her Areola's showing from one side of her top, having been stretched out from flashing her boobs for pictures earlier.
"Damn young lady, you should just be fucking naked!" One of the oglers tells her. Karen giggles, "She was most of the ride down in the Jeep from Lauderdale!" She snaps another picture or two of them with the guys ogling them.
Several other men agree, thinking she should be naked, looking at the bottom of her very short top showing off her ass and a bit of her slit. Another asking her, "Was it the white one that came through earlier with no doors?"
Nikki laughs shaking her head yes, "And fifteen minutes earlier, you were naked in the back seat enjoying the ride too Ms. Karen!"
Gina giggles at the guy, "Let me get a few more drinks in me and it's quite possible." Which again causes a voicetress approval from their oglers.
Another guy asks Karen if she will get naked when Gina does, eyeing her youthful beauty and body, the low sides on her top and generous side boobs showing. While others are snapping picture of the three of them.
The band starts playing a Kenny Chesney song that gets the girls wiggling a bit, several other younger ladies take to the dance floor in bikinis, lingerie, a few with painted body parts, others in revealing outfits and costumes for the evening's festivities on the streets of Key West.
They finish off their beers, Nikki asks the guys, "Who is buying the next round," guys eyeing her big naked soft breast.
One of the guys with a tall blonde lady wearing a revealing black leather outfit consisting of a small G-string bottom and small-triangle bikini type top hiding her small boobs, black thigh highs, spiked knee high boots, and a black sheer ankle length half wrap that covers her ass and is open in the front along with a black feathery mask. He wasn't really dressed for the party; he was obviously there to show off his attractive wife and document it with his phone.
He offers to buy them the next round. While waiting the lady invites the three of them to go dance and show off.
The four of them draw even more attention dancing, lots of jiggling exposed side boobs with flashes and hints of nipples, except Nikki who has yet to fix her strap. And Gina's wiggling again making her top ride up her ass to her hips.
Gina nor Nikki caring what is happening to their tank tops, Karen is still trying her best to keep her firm breasts from slipping free. The dominatrix not dressed to quite expose, enjoys herself trying to get Nikki a bit more uncovered, pushing the other strap off her shoulder.
After people snapping more picture of her heavy swaying boobs. The girls leave the dance floor after the song ends and get their beers. Nikki unconsciously fixed her top on the way back to the table, much to their new friends' disappointment, having watched her from a distance dancing topless.
After a round of tequila shots, Roy, the husband, asks Karen why she isn't showing off as much as her girlfriends, looking over at Nikki with her right nipple showing, the top having shifted lower in the front. And of course, Gina sitting on a stool with the bottom of her top almost to her waist, high on her hips. When she leans her tits can be seen when her top falls away from her chest.
She just laughs it off, "Guess my top isn't revealing enough, similar to your wife's!"
Janice, Roy's wife, laughs and tells Karen, "We just haven't made the adjustments yet, waiting for the sun to go down and all. Why don't you just rip the arm holes the rest of the way down to the bottom edge and stop hiding those flawless breasts of yours? Maybe I'd be more inclined to join you," giving her a wink.
She giggles, the tequila and a few beers already have gotten her buzzed. "Oh my word, if they did that there is no way I would stay covered up!"
Roy smiles at her, "Sweetie, you are at Fantasy Fest and that's the intent!"
"Go ahead Karen, at least a little, you know all our guys would love seeing pics of you like that." Gina tells her, and you will get more beads as well.
"Maybe your husband would, but Paul would have a shit fit if he knew I was naked in public like you two." Her face blushes at the thought.
"You won't be naked silly, you would still be wearing it, just a bit more revealing, like us!" Nikki tells her.
I waitress arrives with another tray of shots for the girls and Roy. Janice passes them out and makes a toast, "To bare tits and ass!" Then slaps her own butt cheek. They all down the shots, as other cheer hearing her toast.
Roy reaches behind Janice's back pulling her back strings loose. Allowing the top to hang from her neck as guys around them cheer seeing a new set of bare boobs topped with small hard pink nipples.
Nikki leans over whispering in Karen's ear, she nods her head yes, giggling. She asks Roy standing on the other side of Karen, "Mind helping me?" She reaches to the side of Karen's top. Gina reaches for her phone to video what's about to happen.
Karen laughs telling them, "Only a few inches, that's all!"
Nikki and Roy pull at the same time ignoring her request, ripping the white tank top to the bottom hem which is a little higher than mid-thigh. Everyone cheers as the top relaxes to the center exposing her young firm looking breast and hardened nipples revealing her denied excitement.
"Holy shit y'all, people can see my ass and pussy now! I am almost fucking naked" She tugs the sides over her exposed tits.
"Only if you turn wrong," Nikki giggles reaching inside rubbing her bare ass.
"Rip the front!" Someone yells out from the crowd as cameras snap more pictures.
Karen is quick to cross her arms over her chest even though no one has reached for the center.
Gina turns the camera towards the crowd watching the women. "Baby steps!" She laughs and winks.
Roy orders another round of shots then suggests they head across the street to Ricks. After they down the shots, Janice re-ties her top loosely so it can move while hanging around her neck, the four ladies follow Roy towards the exit.
Crossing Duval, the girls are getting lots of looks and cat calls to show more skin. Stopping for a few requests for pictures, the girls start to collect beads. Gina asks Karen, who is a bit less self-conscious due to the drinks, about her top open to her thighs now, if she got any video of Nikki in the street to send too Chris?
She rolls her eyes a bit, "I was a bit busy trying to keep my shirt that was almost ripped off me in place to think about it!"
Stopping just before the sidewalk in the road, "Let's do a good short one here that he would love!"
Nikki giggles, "Just how good we talking?" Stroking her own bare boob.
I few people were already snapping pictures of the four women, offering them beads for more skin, when Karen points her phone at Nikki. She stops, striking a pose for Karen as Gina tugs the bottom of Nikki's top down causing the already low top to drop below her nipples.
"Ok baby, you wanted them to show me off for you," talking to Karen's phone, she does a slow turn to let everyone see her boobs, realizing how the small crowd is growing with even more phones pointed at her. She can feel her own excitement building between her thighs, hearing the cheers and comments, knowing this video of everyone ogling her will be in front of Chris shortly. And God knows how many of his buddies he will share it with.
She looks up and down Duval and then the sidewalks. "Baby I hope you don't have to come bail be out of jail!" Several people around her listening to her talking to the camera cheer her on, as they see her crossing her arms pushing both of the narrow straps off her shoulders.
The tank top drops to her waist, her elbows stopping the top from dropping to her feet. Now revealing the rest of her ample "C" and very sexy slightly sloping boobs and hard dark nipples. Causing a cheer that are even louder. Roy yells out "All the way Nikki."
Nikki looks at Roy smiling then back at Karen's phone with an evil grin, "Whatca think baby? Do you want all these people to watch your slutty hot wife strip in the middle of Duval?" Nikki sees Janice is also pointing a phone at her, panning to Gina's too short top, overly exposed side boobs and bare ass.
More approving cheers erupt as she drops her arms catching one of the straps in her hand that is now resting down by her thigh. Part of the top now bunched up at her feet, people behind her yelling, begging her to turn around.
Laughing she let's go of the strap in her right hand to cover her face acting shy now that she is allowing her entire body to be displayed and pictures taken.
Hands reach out to grope her bare tits and ass, Roy grabs her hand, "Come on girlie we got to get you inside before you get in trouble." She is a bit disappointed to be pulled away as she feels a finger push against her taint and brush over her asshole from behind.
She squats down grabbing at the top, following Roy, stepping out of her top walking towards the bar entrance dragging her top by the strap, people cheering as they leave the middle of the street. The other three follow, Karen not realizing she too was being photographed, her holding her arm out allowed for a nice view, inside and through her ripped open top, of her boobs, ass and bare slit.
Karen continues videoing as they leave the street watching Nikki's bare ass wiggling away in the camera screen.
Once inside another cheer erupts, Nikki is laughing opening the top up to slip it back on over her head. It hangs low still in the front not quite covering her nipples as before.
Karen is busy sending her new video to Chris, John and her own husband Paul.
After Roy gets the girls a round of drinks reply's start popping up.
First is John, "Holy shit, is Gina or you naked too, I want to see if you two are?"
Before Karen can respond she gets a text back from Chris, "Fuck me! I love it, jerking off in the truck heading home! Please keep her that way and send more videos!" Karen reads it to the group making them all laugh. Then reads John's question.
Gina laughs, "Tell him I can be if he wants me too." Guys around them cheer already seeing most of her hot tight body in the tiny top.
They drink and party with all their newfound friends as more pictures are snapped and alcohol is consumed. Men and women wanting to pose with them. Guys wanting to get photos of their wives and girlfriends next to them, some in revealing outfits like theirs, some just satisfying for their guys who are encouraging them to show skin like the four of them are doing, some more eagerly join in with brief flashes, others too shy to partake.
Karen gets another text from John, "Tell her hell yes, I want her to be just as naked as Nikki, up on a bar would be awesome!"
Roy suggests they move on to the next stop to show off the four ladies. Nikki asks Roy if she gets to strip again. Everyone around her cheers telling her to do it now. Then it changes to, "all of you strip."
The girls laugh heading towards the door. Karen a bit buzzed now not paying as much attention to her firm perky boobs slipping in and out the sides of her top.
It is a short walk to the Red Garter Saloon and the streets are even more crowded with partiers, some in daring and flamboyant outfits, others just there to take in the sights of barely dressed women. They are constantly stopped for picture or to flash for beads. Nikki asks Janice if she wants her beads, telling her, "I don't want to hide these boobs!"
Karen gives up her beads as well realizing the beads hanging between her cleavage keeps her boobs completely exposed from the sides.
Once at the Red Garter, they realize it is way too crowded to get in or to get a drink. So they head across the street to the Irish Pub which is a bit larger venue.
Roy and Janice follow behind Gina this time, watching her top working it's way up her hips to her waist until it is resting just above her butt crack. Janice asks her, "Gina your entire ass is showing, are you showing off your pussy too?"
She giggles and turns around walking backwards, "You tell me!"
"Damn girl and I thought I was brave! But if I had a body like yours, I too would show it to everyone as well!"
Roy's laughs, "I have never stopped you! And it's getting dark, feel free to show it baby, there is nothing wrong with your body!"
Gina turns her head looking back, "You really should join us you know; Roy is getting his eyes full of us being on display! Do you need my help?"
Before she can answer Roy reaches behind her back pulling the string to her top at her back. The beads still cover her small boobs. "We'll take it off me then if that's what your wanting!"
Roy wastes no time untying her neck-tie pulling her top away stuffing it in his pocket, leaving her backless with the exception of the ties of the g-sting bottoms visible thru the sheer wrap she is wearing.
Giggling she tells Roy and Gina, "I know I am just as covered, but I feel almost naked now. And I do kinda like it!"
Gina gives her an evil grin, "You need to lose that wrap too!"
Nikki turns to Janice and Gina, "Nights still young!"
They enter Kevin's Pub, several girls in short schoolgirl skirts with panties and thongs under them are dancing on the bar to loud Irish music and cheering patrons.
"Oh damn, y'all need to get up there and dance with them!" Roy tells the women.
They all laugh at him, "All you got to do is look down to see what I got," Gina tells him.
Roy smiles at her, "yeah but you might strip what's left off up there like your husband said to do, I know Nikki would!" The women all laugh at him, Nikki smiling shaking her head yes.
They make their way to the bar, as guys look back at them, they happily step aside seeing the four ladies showing off their bodies in their barely there outfits.
They order beers and shots; Roy pushes his debit card to the bartender who barely looks his way taking in Nikki's exposed tits. Getting their drinks, they fade away from the bar into the crowded standing room only venue.
Standing among the hoard of people already too drunk to remember their own names, they must yell at each other to talk to one another. Phones still pointed in their direction snapping pictures of the four hotties exposing a lot of side boobs and butt cheeks, some more than the others. Karen a bit buzzed not realizing she is flashing a bare boob each time she reaches or turns, Gina and Nikki actually moving material when they see a camera pointed their way. Roy moving Janice's beads to the side to expose her small breasts.
Barely able to move in the packed bar, the girls are getting several ass gropes, Janice mentions the fondling as a finger runs through her ass crack under her wrap, the other three agree and suggest they move on after someone tugged Nikki's strap down her arm stretching it a bit more. Nikki giggling, "I am kinda enjoying it!"
Roy leads the way outside heading east again up Duval, the streets even more crowded now, the streetlights and glowing neon illuminates the streets and people. Again, the girls are asked to pose or to pose with other men and women, a few just as barely dressed as they are.
A guy with two what appears to be late twenties looking curvy redheads that look to be sisters, asks Gina to pose with his wife and daughter who look more like twins. She happily agrees realizing the only thing the two of them are wearing is painted on small thong bottoms and the tops are regular size, what would be bikinis. She rubs her hands over their hips to verify their nudity.
The two of them look to have "D+" chests, the shorter mom being a bit smaller than her daughter with a slight sag but still damn near perfect. It is obvious they both spend a lot of time in the gym.
"Damn you two look awesome, I love the look, I might have to do this tomorrow night!" Gina giggles.
Roy pointing his phone, along with many others, telling Nikki to "Jump in there" and yells to Gina over the crowd, "Do it now don't wait, take it off for John!"
Nikki stands to the side of the daughter, looks to Gina, "You want to? I will if you do!"
They both quickly peel their tank tops off tossing them to Karen. The crowd cheers and starts tossing beads to the four of them. All of them eating up the attention, a few guy reaching around groping boobs. The dad smiling and videoing his wife and daughter with hands on the bare bodies, adjusting his cock in his shorts.
Gina finally grabs Nikki, and they pull away with the Karen, Janice and Roy following. The wife telling them, "Hope to see you later!" Gina looking back at them realized there is no paint on their back side, looking quite sexy being totally nude on their back sides except for their low platform shoes.
Nikki hands Janice a few strings of beads she caught, her other hand still holding Gina's as they push through the crowd.
Gina giggling, "We need to put our tanks back on, although this feels fucking incredible, but I don't want to get in trouble though!"
They are stopped again for pictures, while the other three catching up. Others jump into the pictures with the two naked woman, Roy and Karen also snapping photos of them. Roy telling Janice to get in there.
Smiling she jumps between them moving her beads over her shoulder to flash her boobs.
Roy mentions to the girls, "There are more and more women in just paint and not much of it, I would love to see y'all four like that!"
Gina smiles, "Tomorrow Night!"
They try to move along but are stopped again, people yelling down at them from the balcony at Whistle Bar, guys above yelling for them to come up and join them. Janice waves to Roy and Karen to follow them.
Once upstairs they are welcomed with shots of tequila and again phones pointed at them. "Y'all need to get out on the balcony with us! You two are fucking hot, and you two are also, but they are naked like you two should be!"
Roy standing behind Janice starts to pull her beads over her head hanging them on the back of a stool. As she slips the last few off. Roy grabs the tie to her wrap, then her hips peeling her leather G-sting down her thighs exposing her puffy pussy lips. They are handed another round of shots as Roy gives Janice a long sloppy kiss, groping her bare tit.
Karen laughs, "I can't guys, but I'll flash them all, ok?" She leads the way out, so she doesn't have to argue.
There is an immediate roar from below as they get to the railing. Gina grabs her boobs shaking them at the crowd below, cameras pointed up at them, flashes going off below and beads flying up toward them as the others on the balcony jockey to get a better look at the four of them.
Janice and Nikki start tugging Karen's ripped skirt up over her ass totally exposing her pussy to the people beneath them. She keeps trying to cover up by finally lets them pull it over her head. Karen crosses her arms over her now bare firm boobs, then her mouth drops open as Janice slings her top into the crowd below.
She covers her boobs with her right arm, her hand cupping her bare pussy, laughing as Roy holds up the two phones videoing them. "YOU JUST TOSS MY FUCKING TOP!" She yells at Janice, while smiling the whole time.
They all watch as it flutters down and disappears, causing another loud cheer. Strings of beads distract her as they rain down on her and the others on the balcony.
Nikki moves down bbehind Gina, grabbing her ass when she slips in next to her. "I'm so fucking horny right now," she pulls Gina's face to hers kissing her, bringing her other hand to Gina's bare breast.
The two of them make out as the crowd below feeds off it. Gina dropping her hand to between Nikki's thighs immediately running her finger through her slit and up into her dripping Vagina, Nikki lefts her foot to the lower metal railing to give her access.
Nikki starts to moan as they hear from below, "You four inside or put some cloths on, now!" though a bull horn.
They all laugh and slip back inside, Roy giving Gina and Nikki their tank tops, Janice is handed just her bottoms. Smiling looking at Karen, her having the youngest and firmest body of the four of them, standing with her hands on her hips. "What the hell am I going to wear?"
Everyone laughs at her, one of the guys who invited her up says, "Lady you look fucking incredible just like you are!" Nikki snaps a picture of her standing in front of the group of mostly guys behind her.
Roy hands Nikki a wad of beads, "Here is you a top!" Janice having caught a few is wearing some now as well, just not near enough to ride her small boobs.
Guys yelling "No, no, stay topless you have beautiful tits!" Nikki just laughs as she is handed the bottle of tequila instead of a red solo shot cup this time.
She turns it up then passes it to Janice.
One of the also topless girls partying reaches under her jean skirt, "Here, you can have these, besides it's more fun watching the guys below drooling up my skirt like this instead of pulling it aside," handing her a tiny, moist, mostly strings white panties. "These will keep you from getting arrested or a ticket."
She has little choice and accepts the girls offer. Holding up the tiny patch of sheer lace material no bigger than a quarter head together by thin flat lace strings.
The girls and Roy having put a dent in the tequila finish pulling their minimal coverings into place and head back down the stairs and outside to the street below knowing the cops were watching the antics on the balcony.
Janice and Karen lead the way out followed by Roy, who is videoing his wife and Karen both practically naked from behind with strings around their waists and another coming from their bare butt cracks. A variety of beads, for the most part, attempting to hiding their nipples, with lots of bare side boobs again.
Gina and Nikki giggling following behind them, "That was so fucking awesome, I want to do that some more, all those people screaming up at us naked above them!" Nikki tells Gina.
"I know right, I hope Roy got some good video to send our guys." Nikki laughs, pulling the front of her shirt down revealing her nipples from the top of her tank top, still getting off on being seen.
Heads turn as they move out into the street, bare boobs seem to attract more attention, and people wanting documentation for their photo collections of Fantasy Fest. Although Gina's short short top does expose more, her lack of bottoms is hidden from view in the mob of people.
The five of them work their way east up Duval, posing, flashing; occasional gropes when working through heavier crowds.
Another guy seeing the girls exposed bodies, asks them to pose with his girlfriend as the boob paparazzi watch for bare breasts; Roy just smiles looking at the tall curvy brunette in black heels, a way to pleated short pink plaid stripper skirt hanging low on her hips below her pelvic bones, no more than six inches wide, just as short as the bottom of Gina's top. Her long hair hiding her boobs, all the while her tanned pussy and ass are completely exposed.
Her husband wearing what looks like a hundred strings of beads around his neck. Each time beads are tossed to her she hands the string to him. She stands with her arms around Gina and Nikki, her fingers tracing their side boobs. Nikki has bunched the bottom on her shirt to above her belly button, while pulling the top down exposing her big boobs.
Janice and Karen snapping pictures of the three of them, as soon as cameras are pointed at the women, she flips her hair back reveling an obviously well enhanced set of tits.
Roy takes their phones, telling them to get in the picture as well. Janice flips her beads back over her shoulder, Gina has to move Karen's back over her shoulder as well. They pose for what seemed like fifteen minutes, people yelling for them all to strip. They just laugh and ignore the requests. They finally break up the shoot and move on.
Roy enjoying showing off his wife and her new friends has begun sharing Janice's and Nikki's bead collection with anyone he can give them too. The two drunk women not realizing his plan as they continued to peel their beads off for him as they too get others to flash with them or he places them around his neck like the last guy was doing if they are given new beads.
It is starting to get late, so they head back south on Duval stopping at bars on their way for drinks and shots, continuing to see people they had already posed for or with.
Gina keeps yelling to Karen to give women her beads when they flash, she is more than happy to share her spoils, the drinks making her more than giggly. She's drunk like the trip to Bimini, enjoying the game of giving beads to anyone.
Sometimes in groups of beads that have become tangled together. Roy smiling now that the two are down to a dozen or so beads exposing their bare tits. The few Karen has left moving to between to firm younger looking breasts.
Gina noticing lots of women and men wearing just paint and sheer minimal clothing showing off their bodies. Her and Nikki chat, Nikki usually carrying at least one strap down to her elbow keeping a boob exposed, purposefully.
Getting back towards the bars on the lower end they run into the guy with his wife and daughter being photographed again.
They also see Gina and Nikki with Karen, Janice and Roy following them. The mom calls out to them, "Strip off those tops and join us again!" Nikki is pulling her tank over her head before she gets to them. Tossing her top towards Karen who is looking at her phone to bring up her camera to video them, not realizing it, the top drops to the ground.
Gina pulls hers off when she gets next to the daughter, tossing it to Roy who is watching them, while pulling Janice's remaining beads over her head to make her completely topless.
She slips in next to Nikki putting her on the end, as flashes are going off, guys are yelling for her to lose her bottoms, screaming, "All the way like the others." Roy is motioning for her to toss them to him. Laughing she is more than willing, pushing them off and lifting them with her foot, then tossing them to him.
Nikki says to the mom, "Looks like your paint has worn away a bit!" One of her boobs almost paintless and her bikini bottoms mostly just the painted strings to the sides on her hips. Her daughters paint job not much better. After numerous pictures and unknown video, the husband motions them into a bar.
Upon entering there is again a cheer that can be heard over the band playing. The naked and near nude women spill inside. Adding to the other women in the same stages of exposure.
Roy and the dad head to the bar for drinks as the women laugh and chat about their experiences from the last few hours. Gina wastes no time removing Karen's remaining beads telling her, "Get with the program." She just laughs giving them up leaving her topless. The girls are again subjected to cameras pointed their way.
Lining up for their fans and guys crowd in behind them holding up drinks and beers.
The daughter gasps and then sighs telling her mom and Nikki, "Someone is fingering me from behind and it feels fucking awesome!" Then Nikki feels her ass getting groped and pushes back, also enjoying the touches.
The mom tells Gina, "That's how we have lost paint, Timmy loves seeing us being felt up! I kinda like it too!"
The guys finally get drinks and head back, Roy leaving Gina's top and Janice's Bottoms on the bar, having seen Karen not catch Nikki's top on the street.
As they approach, they can tell the women are being groped and felt up so they pause to watch. Roy a bit surprised to see his wife leaning back on a guy who has one hand on her boob and the other between her legs. Karen pushing hands away, Gina laughing as Nikki has turned around and is feeling up a guy who is groping her big tits.
The guys finally reel them in and pass out the shots, Karen a bit relieved to be rescued. After downing the drinks Nikki suggests they head up and dance with the other, mostly naked and half-dressed women on the stage. All those dancing being encouraged by the crowd below them to lose the rest of what they are wearing.
Before anyone can say anything, they are all holding hands headed to the steps, manned by three bouncers to keep guys off the stage, who let the already naked women up.
The six of them screaming, doing the woohoo cheer, and playing to the crowd. Gina and Janice relieve Karen of the panties that were given to her, dragging them down her legs she just steps out of them. Gina tossing them into the hands below them. Roy and Timmy video them from several feet back, unable to get closer.
Gina, the daughter and Nikki knowing how the please the crowd, turning around and bending forward, spreading their feet as far as they can without falling over. It is not far being as drunk as they all are. The mom facing toward them spreads her feet and opens herself up with her fingers letting the guys see her pink pussy.
Karen and Janice just dancing in their respective zones.
They had to have been up there a good twenty minutes or so teasing the crowd before heading back down the steps with many other naked ladies, the band has paused for a short break. Roy and Timmy try and herd them away as the bare tit and pussy paparazzi mob them for pictures and more explicit poses.
Against a wall but still in view, the men continue to party with the now six naked women in their little group. The mom and Nikki feeding off the attention, head out on the crowded dance floor. The rest of them trading cell numbers, Gina asking Timmy where they got painted. He tells them there are a few places, the closest is next to Capt. Tony's.
Out dancing, the mom and Nikki are enjoying the occasional groping, both doing a little themselves. The mom grinds herself into a much younger hunk and realizes his sweaty shirt is removing her water-based paint, seeing her boob paint covering the front of his t-shirt and his leg between hers, has wiped off what was left of the painted on bikini bottoms. Nikki laughs at her, "That looks much better on him than you!" Running her hands over her now bare boobs.
Now two of them are again surrounded by guys wanting to touch and feel the ladies who are obviously allowing it to happen. They face each other watching the other having their tits groped. The mom finally grabbing a hand placing it between her thighs. Nikki just watches and smile as one of the guys lifts her left leg allowing easier access to her bare pussy. The cheering is getting intense as fingers compete for access to finger a hole.
The bouncers break it up as the mom is being pushed forward, her big tits swinging as she grabbed for another guy's waist. Nikki and the mom point to where the rest are standing and are helped over to where Gina and the rest of the group are standing.
Laughing they tell everyone what almost happened, Timmy a bit disappointed he missed it especially since his wife no longer has any paint hiding her body.
They party a bit longer, Roy and Timmy continuously looking from naked woman to naked woman in their group of beautiful ladies. Last call is yelled by the band and the crowd boo's. Timmy suggests they head out before the streets get even more crowded.
Once outside they all head out their separate ways, all the woman naked in the crowds of partiers. Roy and Janice are staying at a hotel a few blocks down along the bay, so the walk with the Gina, Nikki and Karen to Front Street in sight of the hotel the girls are staying at, where Roy and Janice turn left towards there hotel.
The three of them giggle through the lobby, Karen trying to use her hands to hide her body, Gina and Nikki smiling and waving as more phones are pointed at them. They ride the elevator up to their floor. It takes all three of them to remember the door code as Karen begs they hurry.
Once inside they take turns in the bathroom then one by one fall across the bed not lasting but minutes before falling asleep from their long adventurous day.
Too Be Continued... And as always comments are welcome!