Brenda was standing in front of the mirror and she was not happy.
First a little back story. As a 19 year old, first year college student and daughter of a single mom money was always tight. In addition to her studies she was working two jobs to make ends meet. One job was waitressing at a small mom and pop type restaurant on Friday and Saturday nights. Most of the restaurant's clients were older types and were pretty consistent about tipping fifteen percent, unfortunately the restaurant didn't do a lot of volume.
Her roommate had suggested she get a job at a popular eatery near the business part of town where she could make a lot more in tips, but Brenda didn't want to have to wear the outfit the place supplied.
That place's decor was done up like a tropical island and the waitresses were required to wear bikini tops and skin-tight shorts cut high in the back.
Since she had started her transformation into a woman at an early age and since that change had gifted her with pair of boobs that attracted attention the way celebrities attract fans, she had endured a lot of teasing and mean spirited pranks. Being forced to wear a bikini top for someone with a chest her size around a lot of people who were drinking didn't seem like much fun.
Then she had talked to a couple of girls who worked there and while they did say that they made substantial tips, their stories of guys grabbing their asses and drunks trying to pull off their tops made her decision to stay where she was much easier.
Her other job was working as a caregiver for mentally challenged twelve year old girl whenever her parents needed a babysitter. This usually worked to be two of three times a weeks.
Brenda had been leery about working with Amy in the beginning, but discovered she loved Amy's innocence and enjoyment of life. Amy could find happiness in the smallest things. Watching a spider walk across the floor would totally captivate her. Seeing how each leg played it's part in the spider's travel amazed her.
The great thing for Brenda was that she was drawn into Amy's world of wonder and found herself being caught up in the wonder of simple things too.
The one thing she had to be very careful about was not to startle Amy. Amy needed time to ease into any experience. Whenever anything surprised Amy she tended to freeze up and it could take thirty minutes to an hour to calm her down. However once the experience was over she went right back to her happy, cheerful self.
It was this interaction with Amy that drove Brenda to decide to get her degree in the field of mentally challenged care.
Now getting back to why Brenda was unhappy looking in the mirror.
Approaching Christmas break her laptop of died and even with two jobs the cost of replacing it would be tough. She didn't want to ask her mom for help because she knew that with the expenses of the holiday approaching she knew her mom wouldn't be able to help financially.
Brenda was lucky in that her roommate, Carrie, had an old laptop and was a computer nerd type, Carrie had been able to transfer the data from Brenda's dead laptop.
Unfortunately Carrie had promised to donate the old laptop to a charity and therefore Brenda needed to get a replacement as soon as possible.
As time was running out Carrie had come running into their dorm room with great news. The owners of the computer shop where she worked part-time had mentioned that they wanted to do something like having a Santa Claus in the store to talk to kids during the final week before Christmas, but there were already seven Mr. Clauses and three Mrs. Clauses manning booths in the mall.
Carrie had made the suggestion that they should get the Claus' granddaughter to man their store. She had pointed out that most of their customers were younger adults and teenagers. The ones with kids would probably enjoy a more contemporary type character.
The owners had agreed with her suggestion and Carrie had told them her roommate would be prefect. She had talked it over with the owners and gotten them to agree that if Brenda was the right match they would trade her a nice used laptop they had in the store for her posing as Miss Claus.
Carrie ended saying that it was a perfect match. The store got it's unique attraction and Brenda got a replacement laptop for no charge.
The next day Brenda joined Carrie at the computer store. During her interview with the owners Brenda couldn't miss their noticing her oversize breasts, but since they weren't blatant about it like some people she didn't let it bother her.
When the three finished their discussion Brenda had agreed to be their new spokes-model. She would only need to be there for two hours Monday through Thursday evenings since Christmas was on Saturday and the mall would be closing earlier than usual on Friday. This worked out well since she needed to be at the restaurant on Friday anyway.
Before she left she gave them her body measurement so they could get a "Miss Claus" outfit made.
Carrie bought the outfit home with her the Saturday before Brenda was to begin her new job. However since Brenda was already at her waitressing job she didn't get to see it that day. On Sunday Brenda was with Amy all day since her parents needed to go out of town for the day. Monday Brenda was involved with her classes and homework so it wasn't until she actually arrived at the computer store and tried it on in the store's bathroom that she got her first look at the outfit.
The dress was made of crushed red velour cloth with a white fur trim around the bottom which ended well above the halfway point between her hips and knees. That might have made her change her mind about going through with it, but she discovered the box also contained a pair of matching red shorts so even if the hem of the dress was lifted she would still be covered.
At the waist line there was a three inch wide, black leather belt.
It was the top of the dress that concerned her the most. Looking in the mirror she could see that at the top the red material only came about halfway up her boobs. Additionally the center was cut downward in a V shape. Along the sides the top dipped down as it traveled backwards.
If that had been all she never would have considered going through with it, however a band of matching white fur had been sown along the top edge. The band started out at the zipper in the center of the back. At that point it was about a half an inch wide. As the band of fur came around towards the front it widened. At it's widest point where it topped out above her nipples it was approximately three inches wide. From there it quickly tapered as it dove down to the bottom of the V.
Brenda had left her brasserie on when she tried on the dress, but it was obvious that she would have to wear the costume without it.
Brenda almost had a heart attack with Carrie burst into the room. She could have sworn that she had locked the door.
Carrie took one look at Brenda and announced what Brenda had already realized, the bra had to go.
With Carrie hurrying her since it was almost time for her to make her appearance, Brenda had Carrie unzip the dress and unclip her bra.
Brenda was still shy about her boobies from the teasing in high school so it was a mental struggle for her to remove the bra with Carrie standing there.
Having come to know about Brenda's feelings Carrie decided to help her friend. Before Brenda knew what she was doing Carrie stepped around in front her, reached into the top of the dress grabbing Brenda's bra, and without stopping pulled it up and out. Taken by complete surprise Brenda didn't have a chance to resist as Carrie pulled it upwards off her arms.
Carrie could see Brenda was shaken from this experience. To lighten up the moment she asked if Brenda wanted her to zip up the dress or was she going on stage like she was.
Brenda looked in the mirror. With the dress unzippered the top had dropped and left Brenda standing there completely bare-breasted. Her E-cup boobs with the dark, pink nipples jutting out were proudly displayed.
Brenda was not happy.
To Brenda her boobs were not something to be proud of. She had been tormented about them for years.
Her mood was shattered when Carrie blurted out that Brenda's breasts were beautiful. Brenda had heard and thought many things about her boobs, but she had never thought of them as being beautiful. She couldn't help questioning what Carrie meant.
Clearly meant what she was saying, Carrie told Brenda that she had the most perfect breasts she had ever seen. She went on to say that they were exactly the right size for Brenda's body. Any bigger and they would have overpowered the rest of her body. Any smaller and they would have been open of place.
The nipples were perfectly proportional to the size of her breasts. The color was just the right shade for her skin tone, not too dark, not to light. The nipple mounds were perfectly balanced to compliment the rest of her bosom.
Brenda had never actually stopped and studied her breasts since she always tried to keep them out of sight. Looking at her image in the mirror for the first time she saw that what Carrie was saying was true.
She had barely come to that realization when the door burst in again and the lady owner stepping inside.
One part of Brenda's mind was demanding to know if someone were on the other side of the door selling tickets.
The owner stopped when she saw Brenda standing there topless. She stared for a few seconds and then gave a low whistle of approval.
Wordlessly she stepped over and placed a hand under each boob and gently lifted them. Brenda was too shocked to respond. Not since her high school physical had another person actually touched her breasts.
Before Brenda could formed a response to what was happening Carrie asked the lady what she thought. Brenda was stunned when another person said they were perfect.
Then the owner glanced at Brenda's face and saw her shocked look. Dropping her hands away from Brenda's chest she quickly apologized for not asking permission first.
Brenda muttered that it was okay, whereupon the woman reached back up again and cupped Brenda's breasts. That wasn't what Brenda had meant when she said it was okay, but obviously the woman thought it was.
Then when the woman brushed Brenda's nipples with her thumbs lightning ripped through Brenda's body. To Brenda it seemed like her mind had frozen. She was experiencing all that was going on, but at the same time it felt like it was happening to someone else.
Then the woman told Brenda that she had perfect titties. It was weird to have someone use the word titties in a compliment. In the past the word titties had always been part of the teasing she had endured. It was nice actually hearing someone praise her 'titties'.
Seeing Brenda's expression the woman assumed Brenda liked the word. She quickly added more slang terms; knockers, hooters, puppies, kittens, bazookas, breastcicles, gazongas, headlights, jugs, melons, pillows, sweater stuffing, tatas, twins, yabos.
Brenda had heard most, if not all of these terms, but never as part of someone praising her knockers. That her mind had just used the word knockers as part of her thinking shocked her. She never would have used that term before. What the hell was going on?
While this was going on Carrie had left the room and suddenly Brenda realized that the male owner was standing there staring at her gazongas.
Everything was happening too fast. Her mind was using the words that had always been painful to hear as part of her mental thinking. For the first time that she could remember she had let three people see her uncovered hooters without completely freaking out.
Still trying to mentally figure out what she was supposed to be doing she stood there as the woman asked the man what he thought of Brenda's titties.
A lot of the teasing she had endured had been at the hands of guys in her high school. She felt herself automatically withdrawing back into her mental safe spot.
When he commented that they were magnificent Brenda was stunned. Guys had never complimented her chest. Still confused by all these new experiences she didn't try to stop him when the lady owner pulled him over and guided his hands onto Brenda's tatas.
After only a few seconds of letting him play around the woman teasingly pushed him away and announced that it was time for Brenda to make her entrance.
With obvious reluctance the guy withdrew his hands and left the room.
After he left the woman laughed about his disappointment to the point that Brenda found herself joining in.
The woman helped Brenda resettle into her outfit and when ready, guided her out to her stage. That night's two hour shift went by in a blur for Brenda.
The next evening was pretty much the same with the exception that Brenda didn't put on a repeat show for the others. She noticed that all three seemed disappointed, but nobody complained anything about the lack.
Wednesday night Brenda got to the store a little early and while she was waiting to get ready she explored the business. She noticed that the store was essentially divided into three areas. There was the front room where the staff and the customers interacted.
There was a curtain dividing the front section from the rear part. Once through the curtain there was a repair area/storage area to the right and the bathroom that she had been using to change to the left.
Looking around the repair/storage area she noticed there was a window in the wall dividing that area from the customer part. By looking through it see could see everything that was happening in the front of the store.
She couldn't recall the window from when she had been out front so she stepped through the curtain to check it out. When she walked out front she discovered that it wasn't a window at all. It was actually a two-way mirror. Anyone in the back of the store could watch what was happening out front, but the customers wouldn't know if anyone was in back.
Since the others had been disappointed in her lack of nude display the evening before she decided to pay a prank on them. Instead of changing in the bathroom she would change in the storeroom. If they walked in back they would see her in her naked splendor, but it wouldn't be anything they hadn't already seen. However if they didn't come through the curtain they would have missed their big chance. If no one came back before she went on stage then when they were closing up she would inform them about what they had missed. And maybe she would give them a glimpse of what they missed.
So she walked over to where she was centered in the mirror. She unbuttoned her blouse. She pulled it off and looked for a place to sit it. The bench between her and the mirror was cluttered and she didn't want to get her shirt dirty so spotting a light switch she flipped it.
That was better. The illumination allowed her to pick the cleanest spot to put her clothes. She carefully folded her shirt and set it down. Then she reached down and slipped off her sneakers. Shortly afterwards her jeans joined her blouse on the bench.
This left her standing there in just her bra and panties. She looked through the mirror. The owners were standing with their backs to the mirror with three college age customers, two guys and a girl, standing on the other side of the counter.
Brenda put her hands under the bottoms of her bra cups and bounced her boobs. If only they knew what they were missing she thought with a smile.
Out of the corner of her eye Brenda noticed Carrie who was talking to a handsome guy the same age as the other customers, glance pass his shoulder towards the owners and give them a little grin.
Brenda reached up behind her back and popped the hooks on her bra. She hesitated to tease her unsuspecting audience and then flipped off her shoulder straps and let it drop away.
She took her time folding it up and placing it with the other clothes.
Looking through the mirror she saw the customers were all intently checking out the computers lining the back wall. Carrie had guided her customer over and was pointing out some of the computers too.
To prolong her prank instead of pulling on her dress she slipped into her shorts first. Then she pulled over a stool to put on her boots. It was tall enough that her breasts would have stayed in sight if the mirror had been a window. She deliberately took her time to carefully fastened the buckles on the boots.
When she ran out of delaying tactics she hopped off the stool and reached her hands up and ran them slowly through her hair making sure she brought her arms back as far as possible. This forced her bare melons to stand out in a brazen display.
As she was standing there she saw that two new customers around the same age had come over to the counter. Several were taking selfies of themselves, which seemed kind of strange for a computer store.
Regrettably it was almost time for her to appear on the stage so she had to pull on her dress and go to work.
When she walked out from the curtain she got a round of applause. Apparently the people in the store approved of her outfit. If asked she would have confirmed that she was starting to enjoy the expanse of skin she was showing. A couple of days ago that would never have happened.
It was a busy night for Brenda. Most of the customers who were there when she came out stayed around and numerous others, both with and without kids, showed up. When it was closing time the owners mentioned that it had been a very good night.
Just before the owners left Carrie told them she would lock up. After they left she told Brenda she had a surprise for her. She had Brenda wait by the counter which she went into the back room for the surprise.
As Brenda was standing there looking at her reflection suddenly the mirror wasn't a mirror anymore. For some reason she could easily look right through it at Carrie waving to her. When Carrie reached her hands up and ran them through her hair all the while thrusting out her own chest, Brenda realized that her prank had actually been seen by everyone on this side of the counter.
Holy crap, she had been standing there showing off her titties to everyone in the store the whole time. What's more, Carrie had deliberately brought the cute guy over to make sure he got to see her roommmate's knockers.
When Carrie came back out front Brenda told Carrie that she had thought it was a mirror. Carrie told her it was, unless someone turned on a bright light on the other side.
That's when Brenda realized that when she turned on the lights to find a place to put her clothes she herself had put herself on display.
Suddenly she remembered the people taking selfies. Now were were pictures of her posing topless out on the web. Learning what was causing Brenda's sudden abject dismay Carrie quickly reassured her that it would be alright.
Carrie told her not to worry. In exchange for a small favor Carrie would make sure that none of the selfies would ever show up with Brenda topless.
When Brenda asked how Carrie could accomplish that, Carrie said that as a computer geek she had a way. However first off Brenda had to do her a favor.
Almost afraid Brenda asked what the favor was.
Carrie said that in exchange she wanted Brenda to take the duster that was used to keep the shelves clean and dust all the shelves in the store.
That didn't seem too bad.
Then Carrie added that first she had to remove her dress since it would be a shame if it got dirty. Then Brenda was to clean the shelves.
When Brenda protested, Carrie quietly said that if anyone happened by Brenda would simply appear to be a store employee, all be it a topless one.
Carrie was finally able to convince Brenda that since most if not all of the stores were closed and since everyone left via the outside doors at the back of the stores the chances of being spotted were very slim. The only ones still walking around that might look inside the store would be security guards and they hardly every left their office.
Brenda reasoned it was one thing to be seen be a another person. It was a totally different thing to have pictures out on the web where anyone could see them.
Brenda hurried into the backroom and pulled off her dress. Then before she could chicken out she came back into the showroom and started dusting. Of course Carrie kept insisting that she had missed a couple of spots so she was out front longer than she had hoped she would be, but finally Carrie was satisfied.
Brenda hurried back into her own clothes. Then she asked Carrie how she was going to get rid of the pictures.
Carrie replied that it wasn't a problem. She explained that when a flash went off it caused the two way mirror to respond just like a regular mirror. Nothing could be seen of the other side.
When Carrie proved her point by taking some pictures with her own cell phone using the flash and some without using the flash and showed Brenda the results Brenda was so relieved she forgave Carrie for tricking her into cleaning the store topless.
When Brenda got to the store Thursday evening the place was packed. There might not have been any pictures to prove it, but it was apparent the story had spread and a lot of people were there hoping for a repeat performance. However they were going to be out of luck Brenda thought. There would be no more showing off for me.
This time Brenda was careful to ensure her privacy as she changed into the Miss Claus outfit for the last time.
Everything went on normally until around 8:50PM.
REVISED VERSION:
All the families with kids had left and only a dozen or so adults remained. These were the diehards who had heard about Brenda's exhibition from the night before and were hopeful there might be another show.
When Brenda stood up at the end of her session and exited through the back curtain it seemed that their collective holiday wish would go unfulfilled.
However Carrie went back to bring Brenda out for one last time to wish everyone a merry holiday from the Claus family. As it happened Brenda had only had time to remove her shorts. Since she wasn't going to sit down she decided to come back out without them.
Brenda followed Carrie out through the curtain and blew everyone a parting kiss.
Everyone had their phones out filming Brenda's final act.
As Brenda blew kisses Carrie suddenly tripped. As she fell she reached out for something to grab. The front of Brenda's dress is what she got hold on.
With Brenda standing there facing all the customers, Carrie's weight ripped Brenda's dress away in it's entirety.
Suddenly the only thing between Brenda's beautiful body and everyone's camera was a pair of black panties. Like a deer in headlights Brenda froze.
Everyone else in the store burst into cheers while they kept filming. Their holiday wish had been fulfilled even better than they could have hoped.
From her position on the floor Carrie suddenly reached up and jerked Brenda's panties down around her ankles.
Everyone cheered even more enthusiastically.
Realizing she had been set up and no matter what now videos and pictures of her naked were going to be posted on the web, Brenda conceded defeat. So as Carrie held her panties she gingerly stepped out of them and then helped Carrie stand up.
Afterwards she posed with everyone before exiting the front of the store one last time.
After the store closed and she was dressed in her own clothes again Brenda asked Carrie if the images had been posted.
Carrie simply opened up a laptop and connected to a local news station. As the site opened they were playing a video that had been taken in the store earlier. The video began with Brenda's dress being ripped free. She was almost completely exposed. Fortunately the video had been cropped and her face wasn't visible. In addition there were two little squares that the editing department had inserted over her nipples.
Moments later her panties disappeared and a small triangle popped up in front of her pussy.
Whoever had done the editing must have been rushing because every time Brenda moved a portion of her nipples or her pussy would come into sight for a split second before the editor could slide them over and cover her again.
Carrie clicked off that site and switched to another. Brenda didn't know what site it was, but this time there any editing done. Every inch of her luxurious chest was unveiled for everyone's enjoyment. Seconds later she was completely naked on screen. And this time the image hadn't been cropped. Her face was revealed along with her feminine charms.
When they finished watching the video for the third or fourth time, Carrie closed the laptop and handed it to Brenda. She told her that the owners had decided they wanted her to have this new top of the line model. Their reasoning was that the publicity from tonight would provide the store with more than enough business to cover the price.
The next couple of weeks were extremely hectic for Brenda. She spend Christmas with her mom and sisters. In order to prepare them for what they might hear or see she confessed what had happening. To her surprise they already knew and didn't have a problem with it.
When she got back to school she had to deal with a lot of guys trying to score a date. She did end up going out with the cute guy from the computer store.
She kept her job at the restaurant, but not surprisingly business had picked up as people wanted to meet the infamous Miss Claus.
ORIGINAL VERSION:
To Brenda's surprise Amy's mom and dad brought her to the mall to meet Miss Claus. It was rare for them to bring Amy out because crowds tended to spook her.
As soon as Amy saw Brenda made up as Miss Claus she pulled out of her mom's hand and raced over. Brenda had just sat the previous child down and Amy was able to climb up into Brenda's lap.
Instead of being upset that Amy had cut in front of the other kids everyone handled it beautifully.
As she was climbing up into Brenda's lap Amy had seized a handful of the white fur trimming the top of Brenda's dress. It was okay with Brenda since she knew Amy's favorite toy was a white fur stuffed bear.
After Amy and Brenda talked for a few minutes Amy's mother came over to get her. For whatever reason she moved a little too quickly and Amy panicked. She got the fur trim in a death grip. Her mom didn't notice that. Amy's mom went to step back expecting Amy to willingly climb down and the heel of her shoe snapped. Loosing her balance she tumbled backwards.
Instinctively her mom gripped Amy tightly as she was falling backwards while at the same time Amy was disparately clutching the fur with all her strength.
Since the fur was just a trim piece one would expect the fur to give way, but instead the seams on the sides of Brenda's dress were the first to let go.
One moment Brenda was sitting there with Amy in her lap and the next minute she was being jerked forward. That lasted until with a loud ripping sounds Brenda was falling back into her chair with nothing hiding her womanly charms.
The dress had ripped completely in two. One part was in the chair behind Brenda and one piece was clasped in Amy's hands.
For a moment there was no sound. Then there was chaos. All the customers and their kids were shouting at the sight of the topless teen's monstrous melons suddenly on display. Amy's dad was trying to help his wife and daughter. Amy's mom was dealing with being hurt from her fall and her daughter's screaming.
The only calm person was Brenda. Right now Amy was the most important thing to her. Without a second's consideration about the show she was putting on, Brenda jumped up and rushed over to Amy. Telling her mom that she had Amy, Brenda picked Amy up in her left arm and began bouncing Amy on her hip.
People were whipping out their cell phones and video taping Amy and Brenda. The way Brenda was holding Amy left her chest completely exposed and the chest puppies were certainly enjoying their freedom.
Eventually a path was cleared and Brenda, Amy, her parents, and Carrie were able to find a quiet spot in the backroom. It took a good half an hour to get Amy calmed down.
The first thing she said when she settled down was to tell Brenda she had pretty boobies. Brenda assumed a serious tone and replied that she was glad Amy liked them.
Amy's parents tried to profess how sorry they were about what had happened and that they would do anything they could to fix the situation.
A quick glance at Carrie and her slight head shake made it clear to Brenda that her concerns from the previous night about pictures of her topless being on the web were already too late.
Brenda continued working for Amy's folk and she and Amy continued to develop their friendship.