Greetings once again! As I have said before, the naked female body is beautiful and should be seen by all. But, this is a work of fiction and no one should try to do this in public.
Everyone one in this series is over the legal age.
Many thanks to Sadkins116 for his guidance, thoughts and corrections.
*****
I smiled at them all. They have taken over my life again and now want me naked in public. I was so happy to oblige, I practically tore my clothes off. I got my blouse off over my head, which was easier than unbuttoning it all the way, then slid my jeans down my legs, with my panties inside. Before I got the jeans off, I slipped my shoes off and then the jeans. I bent over to remove my socks, showing everyone behind me my naked ass and pussy.
I was dripping wet down there and loved it all. I would try to do everything they wanted, as long as I wasn't spanked like before. Soon, I stood next to Steph, and both of us were naked.
I said, "Steph, I released you, so you can dress if you want."
She laughed and said, "No reason for clothes at this point Sally. Hell, everyone has seen me naked, along with watched me get fucked 3 times and saw me sucking cocks. Some have had their fingers in my pussy and ass. So, I won't get dressed until later. Let's go home."
She took my hand and everyone watched as the 2 naked girls walked out of the restaurant followed by 3 other fully dressed people. I had my fun with her, but now it will be me on the receiving end and I wondered how much more I would have to do.
I would still make them promise not to get me arrested or in trouble, I would not lose my virginity and I would not be punished like the last time. Yes, I would agree to some form of punishment, but no naked ass spanking. But of course, that leaves a lot of open space for them to punish me should I break a rule or tell them no.
Steve took us all home and yes, Steph and I walked naked up the walk to the house. I'm not sure if we were noticed, but it was fun once again, being naked where others could see me.
However, once inside, the fun time with her was over. Steph went to her room, got dressed and returned. As soon as she got back, she said, "Sally, in your chair. You know how to sit so we can get a good view of your cute pussy."
I went to my chair, sat down and spread my legs. I felt the cooler air on my open pussy and wondered how it would feel with a cock in it. Someday I'll find out.
Once I was in place, Joan said, "OK Sally, we are going to work on your rules and then we can go through them again. Just like we did the first time. Just sit and let us work while we stare at your pussy."
I just nodded and they all went to the table to talk. I couldn't hear anything, but did notice they were all staring right at my open pussy and that made me so wet.
Once they all discussed what would happen this time, they came to me with the paper that had all the rules on it. And like the first time, I had to read them out loud and then tell them if I accepted them or not.
'We will begin having you do things in class, since you don't want punishments like before.We will use your class time as punishment. But, we will still protect you so you don't get arrested or expelled.'
"I don't know about that one. I guess it all depends on what I might have to do in my classes. I mean, I don't want to sit there naked or anything like that. However, I will agree to this rule as long as you protect me," I told them.
'You will be naked at all times while in this house. You must strip as soon as you come in and can't dress until it is time to go back out, regardless of who is here.'
"No wait. Before it was I could wear clothes if a teacher or parent came to visit. No, can't do this." I said.
"We like this rule and want to keep it. You will just have to explain to everyone that you have become a nudist and will be naked for them." Ron told me.
"I don't know, but I will do my best. I guess we can keep that one in too." I informed them. I wanted to be naked a lot and if I say no, they might quit showing me off.
'The only clothes you can wear out are the ones we pick for you. You have no choice in what you wear, which also includes what you wear to class.'
"You are really serious about having me do things in my classes, aren't you?" I questioned.
"Yes, as we said, since we can't punish you like before, we have to have something we can do for punishment. So, it will be in your classes for now and maybe other places later." Steve told me.
'Once a week you will get shaved by one of us. The first week will be Joan, the second week is Ron, then Steph and then Steve. Once we have all shaved you, we start over. It will be up to you to remind us who is supposed to do the honors.'
I smiled and said, "Ok, I like that. And when I am being shaved, do they still shave my pits and legs along with my pussy?
"You won't have to shave anything again. We will take care of all of it for you." Steve told me.
"And you promise that you won't be sticking your fingers in my pussy, right?" I asked.
"Agreed, just like before" They all said together.
'While we are out anyplace, if we say show me, or strip, you have to obey. If we say show me, you must expose your tits and pussy. If we say strip, everything comes off, includingyour shoes. And at times the orders will come via text.'
"That still scares me, but I guess since I have done it before, I agree. I hope I don't end up naked in class." I told them.
" Just like before Sally, we will expose you in many places, such as a restaurant, the beach, in the movies, at a bowling alley, on the street, and even the library. Of course, we will pick many other places and that may mean classrooms, so you have to be ready at all times." Steph said.
'While in the house, you are not allowed to close doors. That means that when you go to bed, your door stays open. When you use the bathroom, the door stays open. You can't hide anything at any time.'
"Just like before, huh. Ok, that is not a problem." I told them.
"Yep, you have to be visible at all times, but you may use a cover when you sleep, unless we say otherwise at bedtime." Steph explained.
'Whenever you sit down, including in class, you have to spread your legs apart. They will be at least 2 feet apart whenever you sit. It doesn't matter what you are or are not wearing. You will be showing panties, naked pussy or if you have on jeans, nothing.'
"Yes, that is ok. I don't mind showing off for you and others. I will be very nervous in class, but will do it for you" I said.
'Whenever you are naked or just showing your pussy and tits, we can touch you all over. And others may touch you too. No one will put anything in your pussy so we can protect your virginity. But your ass is not off limits'
"I have enjoyed that part and will let anyone and everyone touch me all over, as long as nothing is slid into my pussy." I explained.
'At times, we will ask you to touch other people. We may want you to lick a pussy or jerk a guy off. And if you have been really bad, you might have to suck a cock.'
"Wait, I don't like sucking cocks. Licking a pussy is ok, but no cocks please. I'll jerk them off, but please not in my mouth." I begged them to forget this rule.
"No, we won't forget this rule. We will only do it if you have been bad and we will be sure it is a cock that is clean. Without this rule, you might as well get dressed and we will forget everything." Joan said.
I thought it over and since I would have to stop the game, I said, "Ok, but please don't make me do it very often."
They all giggled and Ron said, "Just don't get in trouble and you won't have to suck any cock."
'Each day, once you are home and naked, you will go back out to the mail box to collect our mail. Once you are at the box, you will sort out the letters for each of us. You cannot comeback in until all the mail has been sorted and you have 5 different stacks to give to us. If anyone is there, you will allow them to touch you anyplace, but you will tell them you are still a virgin and not to put anything in your cunt.'
"Ok, I have done that before, but do I have to say cunt. It sounds like such a dirty thing when it is said," I questioned.
"Yes, you have to say CUNT each time. We expect you to say it loud and proud so we can hear you from the house," Joan told me.
"Ok, if I have to I will. I am ready to be your toy and will try my best to do everything you desire, except lose my virginity and get arrested or expelled," I said.
'We can still add to your rules at any time, but you have to agree with them before they are implemented.'
"Ok, I agree then. I accept all the rules you have given me and look forward to see what you might have me do or who I show off too, again." I said.
"Very good Sally. Now, since we have not picked up the mail yet today, go get it. Remember you have to sort it out while standing at the box." Ron said.
I put my legs down, got up, picked up the key and walked to the door. Once it was open, I saw there were 3 other people at the box talking. One was the same guy from before and the other 2 were a guy who lived 3 doors down and a lady who lived 2 doors down in the opposite direction.
I turned to say something to my roommates, but they all said, "Doesn't matter who is there Sally, get the mail and do as you are told."
Well, this is the first test of my new rules. I suppose, since I have to retrieve the mail everyday while naked, I might as well get it over with. So, I opened the door more and walked out. I noticed my roommates behind me taking videos and pictures of my nudity as I walked to the box.
The 3 people didn't notice me yet, but it wasn't long before the one neighbor who had seen me before spoke up. "Well, look at this. You still doing your initiation or do you just like being naked out here. How about your other friend, is she going to show up too?"
"No, it is just me and yes, it is kind of a part of my initiation, but this time I lost a bet too." I told the guy.
The lady stared at me and said, "Shameless. You should not be out here like that. It isn't right for you young people to show off like you are doing. You might get raped or something."
I smiled at her and said, "Yes, I know I shouldn't be like this, but I have to pay my debt. You might even see more of me from time to time."
She looked disgusted as she walked away, shaking her head. Now it was just the 2 guys.
The new guy said, "You have a sexy body. Can I touch you? Can I take you home where we can have some fun?"
"Thank you for the compliment, but no I won't go home with you. However, while I get the mail and sort it out, you may feel me up and touch me anyplace. The only thing I ask is you don't enter my cunt. I am a virgin and don't want anything in my cunt till I am married," I told him.
"Cool," said the guy and both guys stepped up and started feeling me up. They had their hands all over me. My tits, my ass, the front of my pussy, my belly and even at my little puckered hole in the back.
Then, the new guy put his finger into my ass and I just leaned back to take in more. I knew my new owners would love that. He had his finger all the way up my ass and was wiggling it around. The other guy, who had felt me up before, was rubbing around my cunt and had found my clit. He was rubbing it hard and I was juicing up.
I had the mail all sorted out into 5 different stacks and ready to go back inside. I let the guys play with me for a few more minutes and then said, "OK, guys. I got my mail sorted out so it is time to go back inside. But, I might be back on other days if I keep losing bets like I usually do."
They reluctantly took their hands from my naked body, but both squeezed me someplace before I was free. It did feel good to have their hands on me and I wondered what it would be like to be in bed with a man. I know what it's like with a girl, but never slept with a guy. Mmmm, maybe Larry will get lucky soon.
I walked back to the house, taking my time so the guys had a good long look at my naked ass. I even wiggled it a little extra for them. I loved to tease them and maybe someday, if my husband allowed it, I would fuck them.
I got to the door and was met by my 4 friends or as I knew them now, my owners. "That was very cool, Sally. How did it feel having 2 of them playing with you?" Ron asked.
"Well, I did enjoy it and as you know I enjoy showing off. If I thought I could get away with it, I would stay naked all the time," I told him.
"Now that's a good thought," Steve said, "Maybe we can arrange that somehow."
"I don't think that can happen Steve," Steph told him, "But I would really like it. Can you imagine sitting in class with no clothes on?"
I said, "No, I can't, but it would be interesting if I could. Bet my professors would love me that way, but of course, they wouldn't be able to lecture to much if I was."
We all laughed at that and then Joan said, "Hey guys, we need to go shopping. We are almost out of everything and we can't keep ordering take out."
"You're right Joan," Ron said. "Guess we can all go. Let's find something nice for Sally so we can get it done before dark."
Then, Steve said, "Get in your chair Sally and we will find you something to wear."
I sat in the chair, put my legs up on the arms and exposed my very moist open pussy. I liked showing them what I looked like down there. Maybe it would be different if I wasn't a virgin. Maybe it would open-up even more, but I didn't plan on finding out anytime soon.
They all went to my room and looked through the clothes I had. No one ever did this before and usually I wouldn't allow it. But, as I said, I consider them my owners and I must let them do anything they want.
They looked through everything, just as they did before and seemed to take longer this time. But, they finally came back out with a bag, which I figured had clothes in it.
"OK, let's go," Joan said. "I made a grocery list and we have your clothes Sally. You can dress later."
Steph handed me a pair of 4" heels and said, "Just put these on for now Sally. The other clothes will be given to you later."
I put the heels on and we walked out the door. I saw some other neighbors watching us, but no one said anything. I wondered if any of them would call the police to report a naked lady walking around. But I didn't have time to think about it, because we had arrived at Steve's car and we were climbing in.
Once again, I sat in the back with the girls while Steve and Ron road up front. Once I was in, I spread my legs, showing my bald naked pussy to the others and Joan, along with Steph took my legs and spread them even more. By the time, they finished pulling my legs apart, I was split almost in half.
Steve started driving and said, "Hey guys, did we add beer to the list? If not, we do need some."
Joan said, "Yes, I put it down."
Then Ron said, "You know we should get some liquor too, but they don't sell it in the grocery store. I know a package store that is close by and never is too busy."
"Point the way Ron and we'll go there first," Steve told him.
Ron gave him directions and soon, we were in a small parking lot, in front of a liquor store. I only saw a couple other cars in the lot, but it looked like they also had a bigger lot in the back. Steve parked and shut off the engine.
"Sally, you need to get out so we can discuss the clothes we will give you or not give you." Ron said.
Why can't they get out and discuss it? If I get out, I am naked and others will see me. But, I guess that is the point of them wanting me out. So, without a word, I closed my legs and climbed over Joan to get to the door. I opened it and stepped out into the lot, in broad daylight and naked.
I am not sure how long I stood there, but I guess lucky for me, I didn't see anyone one else around. Then, Ron opened the window and put his hand out.
Joan also opened her window and said, "Sally, Ron has what you can wear and here is the list of what we want. The money is with the list. And before you ask, yes, you will go in alone to shop. Remember, if anyone wants to touch, they may."
I took the clothes first and pulled them out of the bag they were in. Just as I figured there wasn't much. They had given me one of my sheer bras and my sheer panties. They were bright red and I knew they did it just so more people would notice me. This time, the panties were not a thong, but being sheer like they were, my ass would still be visible.
I slid the panties up my legs and over my damp pussy and naked ass, then I slipped on the bra on. I knew everything was still out to be seen, but that is what I wanted. I wanted others to see my naked body and to be humiliated. They were making sure both happened.
Well, I guess I need to get going, I thought. I never in my life thought that so many people would get to see me naked. I always figured it was just a dream and the only one who would really see me naked would be my future husband, whoever he may be.
But now, I am being seen by so many and to top it off, anyone who wants can feel me up as long as they don't finger my pussy. Well, maybe I should say cunt now since I was told I had to tell others not to put anything in my cunt because I was still a virgin.
Once I had my panties and bra on, I took the list and the money and started toward the liquor store. I heard a couple doors closing behind me and figured they might follow me to get a good video and some new pictures of me exposing myself in public.
Ron was right, it wasn't busy. I saw the clerk as I walked in and he stopped talking to a customer. The customer turned and looked at me too. Then the clerk came around the counter and walked right up to me.
"Look, I don't mind you walking around half naked, but if the cops show up, you will be in trouble, and so will I for allowing you to do it. So, please hurry and get what you need and leave," He said.
"Yes, Sir, I will. But can you help me find what I need to get? If you do, I'll let you play with my cunt if you don't put your finger in it. My cunt is a virgin and I don't want it popped." I said.
"I don't know about that, but I will help you. What do you need?" He questioned me.
I showed him the list my owners gave me and he said, "Ok, follow me. Once we are done getting these bottles and you pay, I might feel you up if you'll pull your panties down."
"Yes, sir, I can do that. Do you want them down now?" I asked.
He thought for a moment and said, "Yes, I think so. Pull them down just far enough to show your cunt."
I did as he asked and pulled the sheer panties down and uncovered my pussy for him. He reached over to me and rubbed the outside of my pussy, but didn't try anything else.
"I like that he said. Sure, I can't fuck you once we get your booze?"
"No sir, all you can do is feel me up. I said I am a virgin and want to stay that way until I get married." I informed him.
"Well, will you marry me?" He asked.
"No sir, I am sorry, but I don't even know you, but if you want, I'll let you put your finger up my ass." I said.
"Really!" He exclaimed.
"Yes, not in my cunt, but in my ass, is fine. I'll bend over if you want," I told him.
"No, let's just get your booze so you can get out of here. Don't want the cops to see you like this. I'll get in big trouble." He told me.
So, he had my list and we walked around the store to where each of the bottles were. We had to go to 4 different aisles to get the drinks for everyone. I picked out what I liked also and then went to the cash register. The customer that he had been talking to was still there and I saw out of the corner of my eye, that Ron and Joan were watching me, along with taking pictures and video.
I had my panties down so my naked cunt and ass were visible as we got to the counter and the clerk started ringing up the booze. The customer was just staring at me and the clerk said, "Have a feel of her Joe. She let me rub her pussy and said I could finger her ass. But, I need to ring her up and get her out of here."
Joe didn't hesitate. He had his hands on my cunt and ass in no time. He also grabbed my tits and pulled my flimsy bra up so my nipples were exposed. He played with me all over and I just stood there to let him. Once the clerk had me rung up, he took the money and handed me the bags of booze. "Now, get out of here." He said.
I moved away from Joe and took the bags. I walked out the door and into the parking lot. I saw Ron and Joan near the van and they were still filming me. I walked to them, just like I was. I couldn't adjust my clothes because my hands were full.
Ron took the bags and Joan said, "Sally, get in the car, just like you are so we can go get some groceries."
I climbed in and as soon as I sat, I spread my legs. It was difficult to spread them now, since my panties were down my legs, but I got them open some. Steve started the van and we drove to a shopping center that had a big grocery store in it. I had never been to this one before so I knew it wasn't close to home or the college.
Once we were there, Steph said, "OK, Sally, time to get out. Once you are out, fix your panties and bra. Then we will give you instructions and some more clothes to wear."
Steve got the car parked and I had to get back out with my panties and bra up and down. Once out, I pulled the panties back up and the bra down. I still wasn't covered, because of them being so sheer. Again, the windows opened.
"Sally, we are giving you some clothes in just a minute, but before we do, listen to your instructions. If you don't follow them all the way, we get to punish you and that will be done in class on Monday, because you don't want to be spanked again." Ron said.
The Joan said, "I have the grocery list and you will follow me around the store to get all the items I have on the list. That means we will go into each aisle in the store. Once we get to the store, you will get a buggy and put both hands on the handle. Your hands will not leave the handle, no matter what happens, unless we tell you to let go. Do you understand Sally?"
"Yes, I understand, but please don't get me in trouble or hurt," I kind of begged.
"Don't worry Sally, we will take care of you. You just need to do whatever we say and don't stop us from doing anything we want. We know your limits and won't push them," Ron told me.
Then Steph added, "And, you will not talk at all while we are in the store. Not to us, not to anyone else. If asked a question, you can't answer it. We will talk for you."
"OK," I said.
"Here, get dressed," Ron said as he handed me 2 items to put on.
I slipped a button up blouse on and slid the skirt up my legs. Once dressed, I noticed the clothes were not that bad. The blouse was not that sheer and no one would see my tits. The skirt was almost to my knees and I was covered like any normal girl would be. But, I wondered what they all had in mind for me during the shopping trip.
We all walked to the store and nothing was said. Once at the door, I took a cart in both hands and began to follow Joan around the store. As she had told me, I never said anything and waited for whatever they wanted to do to me.
We were in the first aisle and Joan was putting things in the cart. I didn't know what the other ones were doing behind me, but figured they were all taking pictures or doing videos of me. I was still covered at this point and nothing was done. But I knew the store was big and it had many aisles to go to.
Once we finished up the first aisle we went into the second one. Joan was still putting things in the cart, but something else happened. As I stood waiting for Joan to move again, one of the others stepped up behind me and pulled the back of my skirt up.
I knew my panties were visible and thought they might be just showing off my almost naked ass to someone. But, whoever was behind me began to tuck the back of my skirt into the waist band. Once they had it all tucked in, they rubbed my ass and said, "Leave it there."
Joan started moving again and I followed, but now my ass was on display, even if I still had my panties on. They were so sheer, that anyone looking would see my butt. Joan continued through the second aisle and I just followed and watched as she put things in the cart. Nothing else was done to me in that aisle.
However, as soon as we left that aisle and entered the third aisle, I was stopped again. Steph came around to the front of me and unbuttoned my blouse. She undid all the buttons and pulled it back so my sheer bra was showing. And of course, my little tits and hard nipples could also be seen.
Joan laughed and continued up the aisle, adding things to the cart as we went. I did not let go of the cart and allowed them to continue playing with me. So far, nothing bad happened and I planned on letting them strip me naked if they wanted too. I was not ready to do things for them in class, but I think they would anyway.
Finishing that aisle, we went to the next one. When we got to that one, Joan giggled and looked at me. Then she motioned to Steph to join her. Joan walked around me and up to Joan and they whispered to each other then looked at me. I stood waiting for them to move on, with my skirt up showing my ass and my blouse undone showing me tits.
I saw Joan pick up a box, but couldn't see what it was. She grinned at Steph and both walked up to me.
"Sally, let go of the cart and stand still," Steph told me.
I did as she wanted and then the 2 of them removed my blouse and bra. I was half naked in a public grocery store and I saw others watching us. I had not noticed anyone before, but I knew they were in the store. And I was sure a lot of them watched my friends slowly using me as we shopped.
Once they had my blouse and bra off, they took the box they picked up and I saw it was band aids. They opened the box and took out those little circle band aids used for small cuts. Opening the packages, they placed one round circle on each of my nipples, covering them up.
Joan said, "Now you don't need a top on. The law says if the nipples are covered, your tits can be out. Now let's shop some more."
Now I was practically naked on top. The only thing that was covered were my hard nipples, but the rest of my tits were exposed for all to see. But, I didn't say anything and just followed Joan and now Steph around while they shopped and the guys were behind me with the videos going.
Steph said, "Sally turn around for a moment so the boys can see what we did."
I turned toward Ron and Steve and saw that they were not alone. There were 4 other guys looking at me and all of them had big smiles. I stayed like that, letting them get a good look at my naked tits. I waited till someone told me to turn back around so we could finish shopping.
I was told to turn back and we continued shopping. We finished that aisle and went to the next one. Nothing happened to me there and we were done with that aisle quickly. Then into the next aisle and about half way through it, Steph and Joan stopped and turned toward me. Both had big smiles on their faces.
They just stood watching me. I think they wanted me to say something so they could punish me, but I just watched them watching me. But then, I felt hands behind me on my panties. Yes, they were being pulled down, exposing more of my naked ass to anyone around.
Once they were down to my knees, the panties stopped and when I looked up, I saw Ron and Steve walking in front of me. But I still had hands on my panties. Oh, my God, they are letting someone else strip me. I wondered who it was, but knew I couldn't say anything.
"Smile Sally. We want to give them a souvenir and a picture will say it all," Steve told me.
They took several pictures as my panties were pulled down some more. Soon, they were at my feet and someone said, pick your foot up Sally. I had heard that voice before, but had no idea who it was. Someone knew me and was helping my roommates strip me.
But, I did as I was told and lifted one foot up and when my panties were free, I put it back down and raised the other one. Soon, my panties were gone and whoever it was put his hand on my naked ass. It didn't stay on my ass. It went from there to my pussy and I was being rubbed in a public store and was half dressed.
Sometimes I wished my fantasies didn't include being stripped in public, but it was turning me on and I knew he was feeling my pussy get really wet and he would have my juice all over his hand. I wanted to know who it was, but I couldn't ask or do anything unless I wanted to be punished in one of my classes on Monday.
After a short time, the hand left my ass and pussy and I stood there with my tits out and my now naked ass showing. Ron and Steve walked past me to get behind me again. As they passed by, they both smiled and Ron winked at me.
I was still standing there with both hands on the cart. I had just allowed someone else take my panties away from me and rub me all over. But all it did was make me hot. I was almost ready to say I would fuck someone, anyone, but I kept my mouth shut, I didn't want to fuck before getting married.
Joan and Steph started walking again and we got to another aisle to shop. Nothing happened there or in the next aisle. But now we were at the meat section and it was cooler there. I felt little goose bumps on my naked tits and ass, but never complained.
They made me walk close to the coolers and about half way through that section, the girls stopped again. Steph came back to me and pulled the front of my skirt up, exposing my pussy. And she didn't let the skirt back down. Instead, she tucked it into the top, just like they had done with the back. Now, not only was my naked ass showing, but my wet, bald naked pussy was also exposed.
They kept shopping, with me following them and the guys behind taking pictures. They picked up quite a lot of meat and then we went to the veggie section. I thought, this might be the last aisle before checking out and all this time, I never said a word and kept my hands on the cart, except for the time they removed my blouse.
I was watching the other shoppers and they all stared at me and some talked to Joan and Steph. I think some people even talked to the guys. I have no idea what was said, but it seems that the people were satisfied with the explanation given to them. They all just smiled and some laughed. They were all looking at me and all my naked lady parts.
About half way down the veggie aisle, we stopped again. Steve came around to the front of me and Ron stayed behind. Joan and Steph joined him with one on each side of me. No one said anything to me and I noticed Steve was videotaping me from the front and I figured Ron was doing the same in the back.
I only had my skirt and shoes on, but the skirt wasn't hiding anything. Once the girls were beside me, they just stood for a moment before they both reached out and pulled my skirt down. They pulled it past my hips and let it fall to the floor around my ankles. I had to step out of it. There I was totally naked again, except for shoes, in a public grocery store. I was showing off my naked body to everyone who was there.
"Ok, think we got it all. Let' get checked out so we can go home." Joan said.
"Great, Sally, push it up to the register and we will unload it. While we are working, we want you to go to the door and stand there. Legs apart, hands behind your back," Steph told me.
"And remember, anyone can touch you anyplace. And for now, you may talk, but you can only say don't put anything in my cunt because I am a virgin," Steve said.
Then, Joan and Steph each took a band aid off my nipples. And also bent over to release the heels I was wearing and removing them from my feet. Now I was totally naked in public.
Well, they are back to where I wanted them to be. They were using and humiliating me in public. They took their time to expose me, but now they are putting me on display for everyone. I followed their directions and went to the door, which was the only way in and out.
I stood by the door with my legs open and my hands behind my back waiting to be felt up, while they went through the check out. And I didn't have to wait long. A couple guys came up to me and asked me if I would let them touch me. I said, "Yes, but no fingers in my cunt because I am still a virgin."
They didn't hesitate either, because as soon as I said yes, I had 4 hands all over my body. They touched my tits, ass and cunt, along with my belly, sides and back. They were having fun, but then I noticed a line of people behind them. Everyone had smiles and I noticed some of them had talked to the others while we were in the store.
I just stood there as each of them came to me and felt me up. There were men and women of all ages. I had to keep repeating not to put finger in my cunt because I was a virgin and lucky for me, everyone listened to me. I was probably felt up by at least 20 people and I loved it.
When my owners had paid for the groceries, I had to walk with them through the parking lot to the car and could not cover up. I noticed others taking pictures of me and hoped I didn't end up on porn sites or that my parents never saw me like this. But, it was too late to worry about all that, since there was nothing I could do about it. My owners had my clothes and I had no way to cover myself. I kept my head down and tried to concentrate to keep from having an orgasm in public. My body was on fire and all I could think of was how bad I needed to cum
We got in after the groceries were put in the trunk and Steve drove us home. I wasn't sure if I could talk yet, so didn't say anything until Joan asked me what I thought of today.
"Well, it was quite interesting," I said, "I had some fun in the liquor store with the clerk and customer and wasn't quite sure about getting naked in the grocery store. But, I agreed to let you do what you wanted with me and figured you had my back all the time. I did enjoy showing off, but I saw you talking with some other customers. What did you tell them?"
They all laughed and Steph said, "We explained we were making a movie for a project in school and you had to be naked before we left. Then we also told them that you wanted to be a nudist and needed to know how it felt."
Ron said, "And we told others that you were trying to join an exclusive club and the initiation to join lasted a long time. One of the things that you had to do was get naked in a public place and not be able to talk with anyone."
"I thought you guys might try something like that and yes, I enjoyed it. Thank you and I want to do more, but not today. I'm hungry and I'll cook dinner tonight." I told them.