All our stories are real events.
The work week started with thoughts of our weekend romp still in my head, wondering if I wanted to repeat the experience again. I was sore from being tied up, not from the sex. I decided I would try it again but without the bondage. I really couldn't give a great blow job without being able to hold their cocks and move them around in my mouth. I was not able to suck their balls or lick their shafts.
Jim left for work without saying anything. Just kissed me goodbye and see you at work.
The day started with having to travel to the other office early. I wore another bouncy bra to get Jim's coworkers excited, I got the usual reactions as I sauntered by. This time was different, I raised my hand, without looking at them and waved.
The next trip I waited to make was their break time, as I knew Jim would be there. As I walked by they shouted, "Hey Cindy, we love you". Jim must have let the cat out of the bag! I walked by and threw them kisses with my hand. They applauded my gesture.
I was nervous about how much Jim had actually told them.
When I got home, Jim had dinner almost ready. Steak on the grill and baked potato, my favorite meal. I changed my clothes, ditching my bra. I hate wearing one, they are so uncomfortable.
When we sat to eat I asked Jim, "Exactly what did you tell them?"
This is what he said he told them: He said they were excited when you waved at them this morning. I told them that's great, but my news is better. I'm getting married. They asked to who? I said bouncy boobs. they said yea, right. I said her name is Cindy, next time she walks by call out to her. They said, all this time we've been saying what we'd like to do to her you were seeing her.
That's it, I said.
Yes Jim replied.
Dinner was great, Jim can really grill. We retired to the couch and I asked Jim to tell me everything the guys at work wanted to do to me. I wanted to hear it. We started to make out furiously.
Well, first and foremost they wanted to fuck those tits.
"You mean these," as I ripped my top off exposing my swollen tits. Why don't you put your cock between them and do what they wanted to do?
Jim couldn't drop his pants fast enough. I laid on the couch and he put his cock between my tits and started fucking them. They said they would put their hard cock right in your mouth, like this as Jim put his erection between my lips, and fuck your tits and mouth till they exploded all over your chest.
I said to Jim, "I thought they wanted to fuck my brains out."
Jim entered my pussy and fucked me as hard as never before, thinking of his coworker fucking me. He came fast and hard. Then he said, "God I would love to watch them fuck your tits and pussy."
I told Jim I would not have any sexual contact with your coworkers. I have to walk by them every day.
Jim said he understood and said he was only fantasizing.
My monthly friend had arrived the next day so I was limited as to what I could do. I didn't worry, Jim loved it when I gave him oral to completion.
With a little pressure from my parents, we set a wedding day for one month from Saturday.
The next weekend we decided to take a road trip. It was hot and neither of our cars had ac. I wore a loose fitting halter top and my loosest fitting short shorts, nothing else.
We got on the highway and headed West. As we drove Jim was able to reach over and play with my pussy and tits, making me very horny. Jim suggested I remove my shorts so they don't get wet and let the air from the open windows blow on me.
I thought about it and decided with the door right there no one was able to see me unless they were superman. I removed my shorts and spread my legs, the air rushing over my pussy felt great. It felt so good I decided to remove my top also as all that would show above the door would be the tops of my shoulders.
We stayed mostly in the right lane except to pass slower traffic. As we passed a pickup truck that was moving only a little slower than us, I looked over at the driver, he was looking at me, smiled and gave a thumbs up. I realized that the truck was higher than us and he probably could see my tits. A rush came over me and I told Jim that I thought the guy in the truck could see me as he smiled and gave a thumbs up. Jim asked if I wanted him to slow down a little and let him catch back up. I asked, "Would you mind if I slide over to you, he should also be able to see my naked pussy."
Remember, they didn't require seat belts back then.
Jim said, "I wanted to suggest you sit next to me but I knew you didn't want people in cars to see you."
I moved next to Jim and when the truck was beside my window I watched for the driver's reaction when he saw I was nude. I told Jim he mouthed wow and gave me another thumbs up. He started pacing us and Jim suggested I lay on the seat with my head on his lap so I could still see him and spread my legs wide, giving him a full view. Jim started fingering my pussy, spreading my luscious lips wide, playing with my clit, making it look like a small penis. I could see the driver's eyes watching as I came, humping Jim's finger. It's a good thing we had washable seat covers!
The show was over for now as the driver took the next exit. It would happen twice more with big rigs until we reached Niagara Falls.
I had to put my clothes back on as we were stopping at a rest area to inquire about local hotels. We were looking for one with a jacuzzi tub for the weekend of our wedding. Our real honeymoon would have to wait as we both were out of vacation time.
We were able to find a hotel that had a jacuzzi tub shaped like a heart in what they termed the honeymoon suite. We looked at the room and reserved it, paying in advance to make sure we would get it.
It was a long trip back home. I was nude most of the time, flashing every trucker we passed. Unlike most drivers, Jim would slow down so the driver could get a good look at my tits. Not speed on by so the driver didn't have time to see anything. If they blew their horn, I would turn towards them and Jim would pace them longer, as I moved to show them my naked pussy. This happened a number of times, Jim observed that they probably were on their radios telling other truckers to watch for us.
We both were getting hungry. There was a truck stop restaurant at the next exit so we decided to stop and grab supper. I quickly put my clothes on as we pulled into the parking lot.
We took a table by the wall and soon were waited on. It was chilly in the room and I felt my nipples getting rock hard under my thin top as we ate. Jim noticed and said, gee you must be cold. We finished and asked our waitress for the check.
She pointed across the room to a guy in the booth and said, he already paid it. I looked at him and told Jim that he was the young, good looking driver I mentioned.
Jim left a good tip and as we left, I slid in next to the driver to thank him. He said that I had already earned the dinner. I noticed he was looking at my nipples poking thru my top. I told him, "Go ahead if you want!" He smiled and fondled my tit, rolling my nipple in his finger. I told him I still didn't have any panties on. I looked at Jim across from me to make sure I wasn't getting the evil eye. He just smiled and nodded approval. I spread my legs, resting my right leg against the drivers leg. I felt a finger hitting it's mark, pushing into my pussy. He fingered me very skillfully giving me great pleasure. The waitress was approaching and he thanked me as he withdrew his hand. We got up and left.
I asked Jim if he would mind waiting for the driver to leave. Why? was his response. I said, "I thought you might want to watch me give him a blow job, letting him shoot in my mouth." If you want to, you know I love to watch you, Jim replied. I then removed my top to await the driver.
After about ten minutes the driver emerged. Jim pulled the car up to him and I put my window down, showing him my tits. He smiled as I asked him if he'd like a blow job for buying our dinner. He reached in, feeling my boobs, saying, "I'd love that, follow me to my truck. I have a nice sleeper."
We pulled up next to his truck, we got out, me still topless, so any trucker looking would be able to see my tits. He opened the door and we climbed in. It was the first time I had seen the inside of a big rig, I was surprised at how nice it was. The driver introduced himself as Phil, from San Diego. I said, "I'm Cindy and this is Jim, we're from the middle of the state, headed home. He said, "You know, you were the talk of the highway tonight."
Phil pulled the curtain aside and before climbing in, I removed my shorts, just in case. I was happy the sleeper was very comfortable. Phil removed his clothes and climbed in with me, laying down on his back. Jim sat in the passenger's seat to watch. I fondled his cock and as it started to grow I took him into my mouth. Swirling my tongue around the head of his cock as I sucked and licked it's length.
Phil said, "Please fuck me, I want to feel my cock in your pussy!" I looked towards Jim and he was jacking off, he smiled and said go ahead. I straddled Phil and began lowering myself on his cock. He reached up to fondle my tits. Phil then gave a thrust upward and buried his cock in my pussy. He started pumping like crazy, soon dumping his load into me, the warmth of his cum was very soothing. I collapsed on top of him, my tits against his chest, his used up cock slowly sliding out.
Jim was stroking his cock and Phil said, "Let me watch you suck Jim off." I immediately took Jim's cock in my mouth, Jim was so worked up he came right away as I swallowed all of his semen. I picked my head up and looked out the windshield. There were two men looking into the truck. I said, "We're being watched!" Phil said they were drivers from the two trucks parked directly across from his. He gave me some tissues to clean my bottom end. Jim suggested we get going. I agreed.
We said goodbye to Phil and said maybe we'd see him on the road again. I didn't bother putting my shorts back on, there was nothing more for the two men to see anyway. I got out and had to walk past them to our car nude, I was going to be naked for the trip home anyhow. They said, "Nice bush, that Phil is one lucky guy."
It was another hour to get home and I was able to show my tits and pussy to several more truckers. I found I enjoyed this more than going to the theater and showing off.