"Burgy?"
Calliope Cruz leers over at her bestie Burgundy Jones, getting off on a dildo named Gabriel, as they drive through Miami traffic. A loud speaker letting the citizens hear the drop dead gorgeous African American Detective moan, and growl at having to perform for everyone, just as Calliope had earlier. Less than fifteen minutes ago, the terrorist Gabriel made an example of Burgundy by turning her into Miami's newest Pornstar Detective. That or be assassinated by a sniper waiting in the wings, red lighting her chest as encouragement to obey. Gabriel had also threatened family, just as he had Calliope. As he had toward anyone he felt like using for his twisted game.
"What?"
"We're almost at that Auto body place, No Cigar." Babee now present, persona wise, offers one other insight. "That sniper probably couldn't target you through bulletproof glass. Gabey was intimidating you."
"Now you tell me. You really think the other sniper was Virgil?"
"Who else would defend us by shooting another sniper? My gut says he's trying to make up for being pushed into shooting at Commissioner Meade's lady friend."
"Let's just hope he stays in the wind. I don't know about you, but having a guardian angel doesn't sound all bad."
"How's it coming over there?" Babee snickers watching Burgundy easing the dildo in and out at a steady rhythm. Truth be told, Burgundy Jones was enjoying the openness of the toy. It had been a few days since Luis Santos fucked her against her will due to Gabriel's lust. It was hard enough keeping Luis focused on the job, without having to walk around naked just like Calliope.
"Don't be a smartass Babee. I'll cum when I cum. Christ! Okay I'm really close. Fuck you CC."
"I wuvs you BJ."
Burgundy Jones arches her back in her reclined passenger seat and squirts all over the glove box. Calliope winced, "Time for a detail."
"Damn that felt good."
"Listen to the cars honking. They all heard you."
"Wonderful. How do you do this CC? I'm embarrassed as hell now."
"You get used to it. I know I shouldn't admit it, but I kind of like this freedom."
"I guess I better get used to it. Dammit! My badge was attached to my pants, back there in the street."
"I still have mine. Let me do the questioning." It was attached to a tiny clutch purse.
"Do you really think those Cuban's are gonna answer the questions of two naked bitches?"
"Luis went there to get surveillance footage. Maybe he's still there to help us."
"Who are you kidding? Luis will see me naked, and fall all over himself."
"Maybe Gabey will turn him into another Pornstar Detective."
Burgundy flares her eyes then winces. "God I hope not. He's not that well endowed."
"Who knows maybe the entire Police Force will have to go nakie."
"Stop giving Gabriel ideas." Burgundy then grimaces as if ready to hurl, "Damn! Can you imagine Frank Roper nude?"
"Nope!" Babee giggles. "Maybe Mosley. I bet he's hung like a racey horse."
"Don't go there. Talking race with him being black."
"I meant race horse. Don't be so touchy."
"Sorry. Can't help that. Comes with the color."
"Put the toy away! We're at the Auto Body."
"Somehow, I don't think any of those Autos have a better body than either of us. Those guys are going to chew us up."
"Like bubble gum. I don't mind being a hood ornament. As long as they're talented."
Babee snickers.
"Maaaan! CC, you're getting too into this."
"I bet they'll be into us soon too."
"Stop it Bitch! I'm gonna pee." Burgundy tried not to laugh.
"Gotta get the car detailed anyway. Go for it. The guys here might clean it afterwards."
"Rather not. Pull in over there. That car belongs to Luis."
"Time to let them know we're here." Babee hits the siren once to the tune of Baby Got Back by Sir Mix-A-Lot. Burgundy had to grin. Gnashing her teeth her eyes sparkled.
Burgundy nods with respect, "Let's do this Partner."
"Maybe we should ask Donny to make us partners."
"Better than me partnering with Roper. Being nude all day long around that stinky bastard will ruin the sex drive. Hear that Gabriel?" She leans toward Babee's choker mic. No reply she presumed he was just being cordial.
Shutting the car off, the ladies took a deep breath and stepped out of the car. Outside, Mechanics taking smoke breaks instantly pep up, making sure nobody missed out on their strut, with a dramatic sway of get a load of this in their swagger.
"Look Homey's. We got us a visit from the Pornstar. Two of 'em."
Whistles all around made Babee drop her keys, then bend over with her ass in their direction. Whistles became howls. "Look Burgy. They know Who let the Dogs Out."
Burgundy was not as sweet. Pointing at the trio of mechanics she growls. "Bark at me again, you're all going to the pound."
"I'd like to pound that." Another joked.
"Ignore her, she's new." Calliope fanned her hand at them with a childlike expression. "Serenade away. Do you know Georgie Thorogood's Bad to the Boner?"
Detective Cruz had them eating out of her hand. Once the men came around, they led the two women into the shop through a set of garage doors. One of them, named Jaime, directed them toward the office where Luis Santos, and his ride along detail were. They sat perusing camera video, of the day the Camaro was brought in. Raoul, from the precinct delivery spotted them before Luis, and points them out.
"Pornstars in the house. Can I make copies of today's live feed?"
Luis sitting in a desk chair with the Owner, a very large Cuban male with ink everywhere looked up. The other attending officer, trying to keep his composure nodded for Luis to delay his further video exploration.
"Might wanna check this out, Santos. Looks like your wet dream came true."
"Burgundy?" Luis jumped to his feet at the sight of the strutting Burgundy Jones, in all of her succulent beauty. "Hadley? Keep looking...at the video feed. I'm gonna check out what brought this on." He excuses himself from the Owner's side, and lets Officer Hadley resume his job. Stepping into the shop to hear more howling, Luis looks around and calls out loudly. "HEY! RESPECT! I'VE GOT A GUN. Registered even."
"Hiya Luie." CC greets him giddily. "Burgy just got promoted to street walker. I mean street detail."
"Ai carambe!" Luis rubbed his chin, as Burgundy pointed at him with a threatening look.
Fingers snapping to force his gaze Burgundy hissed. "Don't! Just don't! Eyes up here."
"Sorry Burgundy. What brought this on?"
"Gabriel brought this shit on. I can't wear clothing anymore, just like CC."
"Permanent wardrobe malfunction. Where are we gonna start wearing our badges?"
Babee shivers looking over her body, then Burgundy's.
"Quit making a scene." Jones grunted at Babee.
"Scene one, take two." She flutters her fingers at the growing number of workers that had stopped doing their jobs. It takes the Owner, abandoning his office with a disgruntled look, to make the congregation of Cuban's head back to painting and sanding cars. Waving a cigar in the air to look threatening. It worked.
"You trying to blow up your place of business?" Burgundy notes the lit cigar. The paint fumes in the air were horrible.
"My place, my rules. Arrest me Pornstar." He grumbles taking a drag, before blowing a cloud of smoke that made the girls wave it away.
Luis rubs the back of his neck trying not to look at either woman disrespectfully. "Ladies? This is the owner of No Cigar Autobody. Stogie Bear."
"Seriously?" Babee peps up, moving closer and hopping on both heels while clapping her hands. She then lifts her right breast for an introduction. Followed by the left. "This is Boob and Boo. They're buddies."
Stogie whose real name was Sergio Barbarosa chuckled. "I'd shake them but I don't wanna get arrested for assaulting an Officer."
"That's okay. I can shake them for you." CC does just that, her massive tits jiggling about as she shakes her shoulders.
"ARE YOU DONE BITCH?" Burgundy snaps. "You find anything on the surveillance feed Luis?"
"Not yet." Luis slaps his right cheek, to break his trance over Calliope's dancing breasts.
Saved by the bell, Officer Hadley calls out from the office doorway. "Might wanna see this Detectives."
Luis being gallant bows and sweeps his arm for the ladies to take the lead. Calliope jumps at the chance and prances forward in her stilettos. Burgundy, barefooted shakes her head, "You're only doing that so you can look at my ass."
"Get used to it Detective Jones. You just know your new nickname is gonna be Moans Jones."
"Fuck you Santos. Give me your shoes before I step on your tongue. I don't want wet feet."
He kicks off his brown leather shoes and lets her step into them. They were obviously too big, but it was funny watching her walk in them. She flipped him off over her shoulders with both barrels. He missed seeing them totally by looking at her ass wiggle away.
Stogie shakes his head and hisses, "What's this country coming to?"
Inside the office, Hadley makes room for CC to sit at the desk observing a frozen point on the screen. As the others joined her in close proximity, Hadley unlocks the paused monitor feed. In drove a once black Camaro. The driver couldn't be seen through the reflection of lights on the windshield from above. It wasn't until the driver left the vehicle that they got a good look at him. A short Caucasian male in a black suit, white buttoned down shirt, and a red bowtie with polka dots on it. His features resembled...
"Groucho Marx? The driver is Groucho Marx. What the hell?" Burgundy looked queerly at the video. Leaning her knuckles on the desk. Every man there eyed her perfect ass at an angle.
Glaring up at the camera, he tweaks his moustache and runs a palm over his strange haircut. Smirking with confidence the man then lifts the bridge of his glasses and wags his bushy eyebrows. As approached by Stogie himself, the man pops the trunk, then relinquishes a duffle bag of cash, along with a written demand.
"The note had specific instructions on what to do to the car. The cash barely covered the actual cost. I took a hit on this one, but it was worth it." Stogie chuckles, his belly bouncing about. Seeing him Calliope brightens up.
"Look! Stogie really is from Bellystone Park."
"You're a riot Pornstar. I could have told you the guy was dressed up. He even spoke like Groucho. Stole a cigar out of my vest pocket, then did that funky routine the real Marx did, without the sound effects." Stogie continued as he produced the empty duffle from a metal cabinet. "Outside of that he never spoke. Just actions."
"Like a mime almost." Luis points out watching his actions.
"Improv actor?" Burgundy pondered aloud. "Where's the note he left?" In response Stogie opens a desk drawer and passes it to Burgundy. She uses a tissue from a box on the desk to obtain it, then places it in a baggy produced by Hadley.
"Outside cameras captured his ride." Hadley fast forwards after pocketing the baggy, then switching footage to the exterior cameras. A black van pulls up outside the shop, and another driver exits to open the passenger door for Groucho.
"Great! Now we get Harpo Marx." Burgundy rolls her eyes as Harpo takes his hat off of a bushy blond hairdo, and the two men bow to each other as if bantering. No lips moved on either man's face. As the van drove off the passenger door window lowered, and something gets thrown out.
"Stop!" CC points at the move. Without saying anything due to her choker, she motions for all voices to be silent. Her finger directs everyone toward the discarding of something along the chain link fence, at the entrance to the Autobody lot. Luis nodded, claiming his shoes from Burgundy before taking a walk to investigate. Luckily, nobody working there cleaned up around the area due to laziness. Eying the cameras in the vicinity for safety, Luis used another baggy to obtain a chomped on cigar. There for a few days, he hoped it wasn't too contaminated. Saliva on the cigar could lead them to Groucho. The question was, did he do it on purpose or had he been negligent? Only a healthy DNA sample could get to the bottom of this. He hid the evidence away before he returned to the office. By now, Calliope and Burgundy had left the office with a flash drive of everything they could find.
"Nothing, but garbage. You really should clean up the litter. Make America beautiful."
Stogie huffs. "America just got more beautiful." He casts a thumb toward the Pornstars. Calliope melts as if winning an award, holding her hands to her chest.
"He thinks we're beautiful. Now I have a taste for Indian food. Lunch? I can make a reservation."
"Wrong Indian." Burgundy rolls her eyes, having to walk barefooted back through the lot. In the Miami heat she was hopping from side to side.
"Native American dance. She's a Hopi hoping for rain." Babee giggles. Hadley had to laugh.
"IN THE CAR BITCH! I'M DRIVING."
"Coming Chief. I'm gonna tell Gabey to make you wear moccasins."
Luis walked with Burgundy side by side. "For what it's worth B. I'm sorry you have to do the Pornstar thing too."
"No you're not." She scowls at his tented erection. He shyly covers it with his hand.
"Hey! Eyes up here." He gave her a dose of her own medicine. "Maybe you should go buy a pair of shoes."
"Right! I'm going straight to a Foot Locker. I'm sure they'll love seeing me naked."
"Head home, and grab some. I'll go do the foot work." He pats his pocket with the evidence.
"Hopefully someone at the precinct grabbed my clothes. I loved that outfit dammit!"
"I heard about the Sniper fight. Hadley got the call over his mic. Glad you're still here. I'd miss you B."
"Stop sucking up. Like CC, I'll do what I have to, like it, or not. Church on Sunday is definitely out."
"Choir would love you."
"Not gonna happen."
"You're still an Angel to me."
"Fuck you Santos."
As she got into the car, Luis watched her legs split wide upon entry. He sighs with a wink, "There's those wings."
"If you say Hot Wings I'm gonna beat your ass."
"Hey! Redwings might have a sale on shoes."
She rolls her eyes another round, then slams the car door on his grin. As he turns smirking, she had to join him. Her stress was laughable. Honking the horn at Calliope, who was signing autographs while letting mechanics rub her ass, the blaring belted out another tune. This time Elvis Presley's ballad Love Me Tender. That made Calliope pull the men closer and pet their cheeks, they caressed her entire body, grinning like the Devil's daughter invited them to dinner.
Burgundy starts to pull away making Babee jump and sprint after her, stiletto heels were a joy to run in. Stopping at the gate Burgundy chuckles, and backs up past Calliope, making her switch directions to give chase. Back and forth, twice more, allows the men to laugh at her bouncing tits, and dancing ass. Winded by the time she jumps in on the passenger side, Babee giggles.
"Cuban fire drill?"
"C-U-B-AN Idiot." Burgy jested.
Calliope snorts and slaps the dash. "Too funny."
"I thought so." Burgundy peeled out into traffic.
Back at the Precinct, Captain Donald Bettinger sat in his office, discussing the earlier events with his wife Allison. Allison was a 5'4, 150 pound, busty blond in her early 40's, with big green eyes. Her hair shoulder length and curled.
"Allison what are you doing here?"
"I heard on the radio of everything you're going through. I was close by paying bills, and got caught up in the craziness. I can't believe snipers were shooting at you."
"Not at me. It appears one was sent to be an enforcer, while a second shooter took it upon himself to defend us. I'm waiting for Detective Mosley to report in concerning the offending sniper."
"This is just so insane Donald. Your Officers are so courageous. Even the women forced to parade around nude. I still can't believe our own Governor is allowing them to do that."
"Let alone the President. If it means lives are saved they've agreed to participate in this Gabriel psychopath's twisted porno. Well, at least Detective Cruz. Detective Jones is new to this. We'll see how she adapts."
"Who is this Gabriel?"
"If I knew, he would be behind bars by now. He's good is all I can say. Wickedly smart, and willing to kill if he has to. Which makes me..." He hesitates knowing the chances are good that Gabriel was listening. He grabs a post it note from his desk and jots her a message. It read. "Bugs in office. Gabriel listening. Careful what's said."
"Oh!" Allison shivered with a flare of her nostrils.
Another note reads, "You should go quietly to your parents home. It might be safer there until this is over."
Shaking her head negatively, Allison points at her husband with a stern look. He knew she would never leave his side, he married a steadfast beauty. Frowning, he caved in with an understanding nod, and pulled her into a hug.
"Thank you. I love you Allison."
"For better or worse." She recalled their wedding vows.
"It's going to get worse, before it gets better."
"With you all the way. No matter how bad it gets."
Hesitance in his eyes, he nearly tells her about having forced sex with Detective Cruz. Something held him back. He knew Allison well. She would lose her mind if she knew the truth. A wrap on his office door kept him mum.
"Info Cap." Drey Mosley ducked in after awaiting a wave before fully entering. Allison stepped aside, admiring the tall muscular black man with a subtle blush, before averting her gaze to the outer offices.
"What did you find?"
"Dead sniper. Female believe it or not. ID shows her as Special Forces on leave. Her name was Bonita Fidel. Troops called her Bonafide. Age 32. Born here in Miami. In town for a sister's wedding. Evidently, Gabriel must have called upon her to be his enforcer for the day. Sucks to be her. Chest shot through the heart. I have Walters digging into her further as we speak. Talking to Military Brass."
"What about the second sniper?"
"Looks like Virgil Kaminski. Left a big V spray painted on the ledge he propped his gun on. Here's a picture." He shows Bettinger his cell. "Beside the V was written, I'm sorry."
"Gabriel had him under the influence too. He just chose to break away before he killed an innocent. He could have wounded this Bonita Fidel, not kill her. His own innocence went out the window."
"Agreed, Cap. Of course, Bonita Fidel might have been innocent too. Which case Virgil's a murderer."
"Government sanctioned murderer. We all know the truth there don't we?"
"Guess so. Maybe Bonita Fidel was a bad egg. At least he's attempting to make amends."
"Is he? Fugitive vigilante regardless. We sort this out after we locate him."
Another knock at the door leads to Sargent Martin Bydweider entering. "Conway is waiting in the conference room to discuss his bad cop allegations. "
"I'd forgotten about him." Bettinger lowers his gaze with a sigh. It was too bad Officer Conway had been pinpointed as taking bribes. He always seemed like a righteous police officer. It shocked him when Gabriel busted him out, in front of all of his officers over roll call. Now, none of them trusted the man. Bettinger was willing to give him a chance as long as he repaid everything he had accumulated over the last year. Of course further investigation was warranted. "Ali? I have to go." He shares a quick kiss, then opens the office door for their exit. Outside the office, murmuring led to noticing the returning Pornstars. More applause, with a standing ovation accompanies Burgundy Jones. Entering with Calliope in front of her as a human shield. CC accepted her greeting with a bow. Without warning of CC's actions, Burgundy could now be seen from the waist up. Her hands swiftly covered her tits.
"I hate you CC."
"Relax Burgy , everyone here respects what you're doing."
"Like hell they do."
Bettinger walks forward hesitantly, Allison following him.
"Hi Allison." Babee waves vibrantly.
"Calliope? It's good to see you again. You look...as lovely as ever."
"I've been tanning." She holds a palm sideways to her lips whispering, "Not much choice."
"I've heard. Let me offer my sadness at your predicament. You are being very brave." Ali leers around CC, to convey the same toward Burgundy. "Both of you."
"Time will tell." Burgy growls before losing her cool toward her surrounding observers. "DO YOUR JOBS!" The Precinct immediately returned to their tasks at hand. The men wanting to use their hands in other ways. They would later. Safe bet. After all, Burgundy Jones was the actress Shanola Hampton in the flesh. A wicked Shanola Hampton, but still hot as hell.
As Donald Bettinger watched his wife hug Calliope, seeing this nude beauty he had sex with such a short time ago made him nauseous. Forced by Gabriel, or not this just wasn't right. Hugging the other woman in his mind. Cheating was so not in Donald's vocabulary. The agony was going to give him an ulcer. Sooner, before later he was going to have to tell Allison.
"Bydweider!" Bettinger loudly hissed, his Sargent mere feet away from him glaring with an expression of, "Excuse me?" Bettinger closed his eyes upon eye contact, not realizing their nearness, taking a breath, "Sorry, Marty! Stress. Tell Officer Conway to relinquish his gun and badge until I can find time to discuss things further. Give him three days off with pay. Not that he deserves it. Let's just keep him relaxed about this for the time being." He turns away from Bydweider to call upon, "Allison?" She was now hugging Burgundy. This was so very, very wrong.
Breaking their hug, Allison acknowledged Donald and rejoins him. "Yes Donald?" He immediately turned pale knowing what he intended to reveal. Before the eyes of everyone he pulls her brusquely into his arms, holding her tightly. Her eyes bulged at his public display.
"What's gotten into you Donald?"
Calliope knew exactly what was tormenting her Captain. Whispering something to Burgundy leads to a parting of the Pornstars. CC then turns her attention on the loving couple. Stepping behind Allison she rubs the woman's back.
"We need to talk. All of us."
Bettinger quivered in their eye contact, as he gradually relinquishes his wife from her breathless imprisonment. Stepping between the couple, Calliope guides them both toward the conference room. Leading them inside, they join Burgundy Jones sitting at a computer. Door closed behind them, CC escorts the couple to take seats, rolling their chairs closely together.
"What is going on here? Donald?"
"I have something to tell you Allison."
"WE have something to tell you." Calliope pouts slightly.
"What?" Allison's skin pales, as Donald holds both of her hands at an angle.
Calliope moves to the opposite side of Allison sitting equally as close. This led Ali to dart her gaze between the two nervously. Donald took point, clearing his throat while building up the courage. Suddenly, as he hesitated, a loud voice overtook the room.
"OH FOR GOD'S SAKE! TELL HER THAT YOU HAD SEX WITH BABEE RAMIREZ."
The loud bellow made Allison jump in her seat. With a haunted expression Allison Bettinger found herself unable to blink. Donald immediately shed a tear. In his distress Donald fights back.
"You do not get to tell my wife of your cruelty."
"FINE! TELL HER HOW DETECTIVE PORNSTAR'S PUSSY FELT ON YOUR COCK."
"Stop being a dick Gabriel." Burgundy Jones erupts in their defense.
"AUNT TULULA IS ON HER LUNCH BREAK AT THE GOLDEN ARCHES AS YOU INTERFERE DETECTIVE JONES. SHOULD I GIVE HER THE FULL MEAL DEAL?"
"Fuck." Burgundy bites her tongue with a grim expression. Hatred seething from her every pore.
"Gabriel forced half of our precinct to have sex with me, when he was making his pitch Allison. Donny had no choice. It was not planned. Definitely not an affair. I hope you can forgive us."
"You...slept together?"
"It wasn't like that Ali." Donald weeps. Seeing his tears, Allison the devoted wife palms his face, as sniffles lead to bawling. She joined his tears before kissing him on the lips feverishly. Breaking their kiss, Donald forces eye contact. "I'm so sorry Ali. I wanted to tell you, but I was so afraid you might not understand."
Calliope shares a glance with Burgundy over the emotions brewing. CC wanted to cry as well but kept strong. Burgundy tough as nails. As the couple accept the situation Allison reaches her left hand over to place it on Calliope's. With an unexpected squeeze to let her know it was alright, Calliope Cruz finally wept. This was nearly as rough on her soul as it was Donald's. Something had to give.
"ARE WE DONE WITH THE THEATRICS?" Gabriel complains.
"How is he here with us?" Allison looks about them for a source.
"He has control over our cameras and PA system. If we disconnect them people will suffer." Donald catches his breath to fill his wife in. "He keeps tabs on everything it appears. Like Burgundy's aunt. If we don't obey his every decision we risk getting people hurt."
A rap on the door leads to Luis Santos interrupting the emotional torrent of the revelations. Waved inside by Bettinger, Luis carries a package in, and rests it on the large oval table.
"Special delivery for Burgundy Jones." Luis sits it in front of the Shanola Hampton lookalike. Tapping the side of the box, he nonchalantly points out a written message. Backwards even. She notices it, but acts as if more interested in the contents of the large box.
"I opened it to add the clothes you lost on the street." Luis hoped to cheer her up, before taking his leave. For once he was being professional.
Burgundy merely nods, and stands to open the package. Setting out her earlier wardrobe she discovers new assets in the form of something unexpected. Dragging them out for all to see, her left eye brow peaks.
"Red Go-go boots? Seriously?"
"PUT THEM ON. ATTACH YOUR BADGE TO THE LEFT BOOT. THESE ARE ALL YOU WILL WEAR FROM THIS POINT ONWARD. AM I PERFECTLY CLEAR PORNSTAR JONES?"
"Perfectly Asswipe."
"REFER TO ME AS ANYTHING OTHER THAN GABRIEL, AND I WILL SEE TO IT YOUR FAMILY SUFFERS."
"No need...Gabriel." Burgundy frowns wanting to scream. She swiftly puts them on and stands tall. They looked stunning on her.
"I THINK YOU SHOULD HAVE YOUR NIPPLES AND CLITORIS PIERCED. DON'T YOU MS. JONES?"
"Sure! Anything you want Gabriel." She was going to kill him someday. That was on her agenda. Bucket list even.
"Ooooo! Babee want some bling too." CC peps up as support toward her friend. Burgundy sits down pinning her badge to her boot. It did look rather cool on there. Calliope coming to grips with everything adds, "I also want a pair of red Go Go boots. Where's mine Gabey?"
"YOU LOOK MORE ELEGANT IN STILETTOS. YOU HAVE NOT OPENED THE CAR TRUNK TO FIND YOUR HOLSTER?"
"No. Babee got sidetracked. I'll do that after we leave here."
"WITHIN YOUR CARE PACKAGE, MS. JONES, YOU WILL FIND YOUR OWN HOLSTER."
"I see it." She pulls out a red leather holster that she applies around her upper shoulders, to rest beside her left tit more comfortably than she expected.
"Why would you want these young women to ruin their lives like this?" Allison blurts out, "What have they done to deserve this?"
"BECAUSE I FIND THEM APPEALING. IT IS NOT FOR YOU TO QUESTION MY MOTIVES. ANOTHER WORD OUT OF YOU MRS. BETTINGER, AND YOU WILL JOIN THEM."
Ali freezes and bulges her eyes. Donald clamps a hand over her mouth with a look to inform her that silence was in her best interest. He couldn't bear to see his wife go through a similar harassment.
Burgundy quickly slips her firearm into the new holster, locking it in. She felt badass suddenly, even in the nude. Reading the hidden note as she fidgets with her holster, she absorbs its message. "AND" backwards translated to "DNA". Luis had already discovered the identity of their Groucho Marx in record time. She was impressed. It was a start. Like Calliope however, Burgundy needed to get her family to safety before Gabriel could harm them. Some deep thought was going to be required, once she had some quiet down time.
"I HAVE GIVEN YOUR EARLIER REQUESTS SOME CONSIDERATION DETECTIVES. YOUR REQUESTED PARTNERSHIP HAS NOT BEEN AUTHORIZED. HOWEVER I WILL PONDER UPON IT FURTHER. FOR NOW I BELIEVE A UNION WOULD PROVE INTERESTING IN OTHER WAYS."
"What is that supposed to mean?" Donald squints his eyes.
"A MOMENT MORE. ANOTHER GIFT IS FORTH...COMING."
CC and BJ lose color in their expression. What had Gabriel concocted now?
"IN THE MEANWHILE...I BELIEVE YOU WERE GOING TO SHOW MRS. BETTINGER AN ADULT FILM."
"What?" Donald looks toward Calliope, "You weren't going to? What were you two thinking?"
"It's alright Donald." Allison calms him, "I can take what I see. I had a feeling the girls wanted to prove to me that what this Gabriel made you do, was not of your own decision."
"I don't even want to relive it Allison."
"PLAY THE RECORDED FOOTAGE, DETECTIVE JONES."
"Obviously I have nothing to say in my nervous breakdown." Donald settles back into his seat. Allison held his hands tightly as the video of the roll call began playing on a wall mounted television. It was misery returning all over again. Gasps at Calliope having to endure so many sexual advances, yet maintaining her sanity. So very brave, Ali admitted once again amid her thoughts. Then, came Burgundy being screwed by Detective Santos. All culminating with Donald having to witness himself forced to take Calliope Cruz in what appeared to be more genuinely enjoyable than he remembered. His heart sank.
Calliope needed a drink, getting up to go journey across the room for a water cooler to hydrate herself. Everyone there shed a tear. Even Burgundy having to visually watch herself being taken from behind by Luis. She didn't remember smiling at his thrusting. The thought flooded back briefly as she mumbles. "Dammit!"
Ending things on Donald and CC's climax Burgundy shuts the feed off. Silence overtook the room as Donald sat coldly, sweating at Allison's reaction. To his shock, Allison sat up with a deafening sigh.
"So this is why you have not been frisky of late. I thought it was just the job itself frustrating you. Donald? I told you I'm standing by you, no matter what. I can see there was no emotion between you two. There is nothing to forgive you for. None of you had a choice."
"Nonetheless I'll never forgive myself."
Another knock leads Luis back inside with a second smaller package. His timing saved their emotional distress from furthering. So they thought. "This package was just delivered by bike courier. It's addressed to the Pornstars. Both of you I guess." He sits it on the table, noting Burgundy looking at him with a bit more admiration than usual. It made Luis uneasy. Why was she softening up toward him? He couldn't take it.
"Open it." Luis seemed to be changing the subject. Calliope, still standing after getting water, leans over Burgundy. Pinching an end to a big red ribbon over wrapping paper, she fidgets.
"It's for both of us. Pinch the other side Burgy."
BJ shakes her head at Babee's voice. Plucking up the other end, the two rip the gift wrap apart. Sharp fingernails crease along the tape, and shred the box open. Flaps lifted over a brown box leads to the interior. Both girls dropped their jaws at what was within. Staring at it speechless, until Luis edges in to peer inside. His own eyes bulging.
"What is it? A severed head?" Donald looked distressed.
"Noooopey!" Babee shakes her head. "It does have two heads though." She then lifts the contents out revealing a large double sided dildo, wagging it about. "Maybe this is Gabey's way of making us partners."
"THAT IT IS PORNSTAR RAMIREZ. DO OPEN THE PACKAGE FURTHER AND MAKE USE OF THE GIFT. ON THE TABLE, BOTH OF YOU. A BOTTLE OF LUBE IS INSIDE THE BOX."
"You have got to be..." Calliope clamps her hand over Burgundy's mouth ending her potential refusal, not wanting Gabriel to get cross. Calming her anger, Burgundy puts her hands up to inform everyone she was good.
"Allison? Perhaps it's time for you to go home now." Donny encourages his wife.
"NONSENSE, CAPTAIN. YOUR WIFE HAS THINGS TO DO."
Enraged Bettinger leaps to his feet. "MY WIFE HAS NO PART IN THIS BULLSHIT. BLOW THE ENTIRE FUCKING CITY UP IF YOU FEEL LIKE IT."
"Donald!" Allison joins him on his feet, "Your blood pressure. It's alright. I can handle watching this."
"WATCHING? OH, NO! YOU WILL BE PARTICIPATING MRS. BETTINGER."
"I...what?" Ali swallows dryly, unable to blink, as her face becomes flushed.
"YOU WILL ASSIST THE PORNSTARS. LUBRICATE THE DILDO AND INSERT THE ENDS WITHIN."
"I can do that." Luis interrupts.
"LEAVE THE ROOM DETECTIVE SANTOS." Gabriel snapped.
"Maybe not." Santos pivots and abandons his friends before any threats to his own family could ensue.
"ON THE CONFERENCE TABLE, PORNSTARS."
Calliope hops up first and scoots toward the center of the long oval table, and sits there. She tilts her head back toward Bettinger. "Me sorry Donny." Donald was defeated once again collapsing back into his chair. Allison remained on her feet frozen in time.
Burgundy growls under her breath, before climbing up on to the table. Moving into position, facing Calliope she slides closer, until their legs crossed over one another. Both women resting up on their hands stare at each other.
"You just had to open your mouth about being partners." BJ hisses.
"Come on Burgy, we make good partners and you know it."
"Not like this Bitch."
"MRS. BETTINGER, IF YOU WILL. OF COURSE YOU WILL."
Shaking like a leaf, Allison moves to procure the toy, lubricating both ends with the bottle of lube. In her palms it felt so real, so very slick. Eying it from end to end, she opts to look up at Donald, now watching her every move with concern. This was her first time ever, holding such a thing. She had always been happy with her own fingers to pleasure herself, when Donald was too busy to make love.
"Y-you both might need to move closer." Ali swallows now admiring two gorgeous pussies. She had never even seen another woman this close up before. They had very nice...she had to look away.
"THE PORNSTARS ARE WAITING TO CONSUMATE THEIR PARTNERSHIP. THEIR PERFORMANCE TODAY WILL DECIDE THEIR FUTURES TOGETHER."
"Just do it Allison." Burgundy empathized with her sensitively, showing that she did care.
"Please forgive me girls."
"Nothing to forgive Ali." Babee offers a creased brow of sadness. "Begin with me."
Calliope reaches forward between her legs, to pry already wet pussy lips wide, offering entry. She at least, rather enjoyed these strange, seductive situations, that she was often forced into. A careful introduction of a thick rubbery crown made Calliope fan her eyes wide. "This feels nice Burgy."
"Shut up Ho."
Once penetrated Allison encourages the head deeper within Babee, then cringes at her mission, looking now to the gorgeous African American. Burgundy moved a tad closer, then also reaches forward to tenderly peel her labia wide for an easier entrance to her pink interior. Allison guides the opposing mushroom inside Burgundy. It was then that Burgundy realized they had viewership. Luis front and center. Through every window of the conference room Officers were watching. Donald taking note jumped up to wave people away.
"STAND DOWN CAPTAIN. LET YOUR PEOPLE OBSERVE."
Again defeated, Bettinger turned grumbling. Allison now relieved of her duties began to step aside and join Donald.
"REMAIN WHERE YOU WERE MRS. BETTINGER. WATCH THEM CLOSELY. ENCOURAGE THEM."
"What? How?"
"FIGURE THAT OUT ON YOUR OWN."
As Calliope and Burgundy begin gyrating their bodies for the full effects of the prompting heads, both began feeling their G-spots being attacked. Within minutes the Detectives were howling. Moaning and rubbing at their clits to entice their emotions. Tits poised high at the assistance of arching spines. Hormones on high now, the girls trembled with a sudden excitement.
"Fuck me Burgy." Calliope yelped at the top of Babee's lungs.
"Fuck you Bitch."
"That's what I said." Babee whimpers as her left hand squeezes at her monster breast.
Burgundy tried her best not to put on an extravagant performance. Her sensations brewing became defiant. After five more minutes Burgundy lost control, and rode Calliope's thrusts like a trooper, returning the favor savagely. Allison stood over the girls, and chose to caress their hair one by one. Her only solution to be encouraging.
"SOMETHING IS MISSING. CAPTAIN? STEP OVER TO DETECTIVE JONES AND KISS HER. MRS. BETTINGER? YOU WILL KISS BABEE RAMIREZ WITH PASSION."
"Oh my God!" Allison held fingers to her lips, the scent of lube making her flinch.
"ABSOLUTELY NOT!" Bettinger snapped.
"Captain?" Burgundy calls out, "GET YOUR MOUTH OVER HERE."
Babee focuses on Allison, "It's okay Ali. I'll be gentle."
Joining together, the loving couple embrace, and whisper apologies before moving to their ends of the table. Bettinger wanted to hurl. Allison wanted to faint. Regardless, they defeated their demons and complied. Calliope tenderly kissed Allison. It was awkward but after a few minutes the lingering kisses became enjoyable. If you could call it that. Acceptable a better word.
Donald felt Burgundy's tongue alongside his own and shame entered his soul. Eyes closed he kisses her with sadness. It wasn't until Burgundy parted ways long enough to whisper. "I'm going to cum Cap. Stay with me." She tugged his lower lip forcing him into a deeper kiss.
On the other end, Calliope felt her own orgasm rising up. Her tongue now entangled with Allison's. Ali surprisingly enjoyed the moment. Sensing Calliope's outcome, Allison's hand even chose to reach out and rub over CC's chest, in between her monster mounds. Heavy breathing excited Ali, Calliope's heartbeat racing beneath her fingertips. Moans erupted between all four of them. Building to a finality, both Detectives squirted all over the table, around their embedded lover.
"MAGNIFICENT. WELL DONE, ALL OF YOU."
Peeling from each other Donald darted from Burgundy to embrace Allison. Their own kisses sweltering. Neither minded the fact of the other kissing partners saliva within their taste. They were just happy it was over.
"Are you alright Ali?" Donald whispered upon parting lips. His palms to each side of her face.
"Yes Donald. You need to make love to me tonight." She smiled briefly with a hint of embarrassment. He discovered then and there that Ali enjoyed herself more than admission. Nodding he couldn't agree more.
Behind them, they discovered Babee and Burgy going another round. Both girls couldn't resist the temptation. Burgundy even winked toward Luis in the window. He had to look behind him, to see if it were he that she was winking at. Grinning from ear to ear he palms the window kissing it and leaving a smudge. Burgy reacted with a chuckle.
"DELECTABLE PORNSTARS. GIVE THEM A WORTHY SHOW." Gabriel applauds.
"Working on it Gabey." Babee yelps, her hips force feeding Burgundy's cunt, storming her senses. Burgundy countering her vitality with more aggression than before. Both girls fucked the other extremely hard. Another three minutes of sweat and hard work, the girls screamed out at a second maddening orgasm.
"Christ CC! That was incredible." Burgundy huffed. Her own large breasts heaving, with vibrant nipples stabbing at the air that she inhaled.
"I wuvs you Burgy. We should do this more often."
"Shut up Bitch." Burgy laughs. Maybe was on her mind.
"CAPTAIN BETTINGER? I HOPE THIS EXERCISE HAS BROUGHT YOU AND YOUR WIFE CLOSER. NOW THAT THE CAT IS OUT OF THE BAG, I WILL LEAVE YOU TO YOUR JOBS." Gabriel offers, "DETECTIVES? YOU WILL REMAIN WITH YOUR ALREADY ASSIGNED PARTNERS. I FORBID YOUR UNION FOR THE MOMENT. I WOULD SEE YOU BOTH OUT IN THE CITY PERFORMING YOUR DUTIES SEPARATELY. LIVE YOUR LIVES AS IF YOU WOULD UNDER NORMAL CIRCUMSTANCES. EMBRACE YOUR INNER SLUT. ESPECIALLY YOU, BURGUNDY PRUDENCE JONES. GOOD DAY LADIES."
Calliope giggles with awe. "Prudence?"
"I'll beat your ass Bitch." Burgundy points viciously. "Calliope Princess ain't no better."
They drag themselves messily from the puddles left upon the table. The janitor would enjoy himself cleaning up after hours. Hugging each other the Detectives sighed at their friendship. Calliope pats Burgundy's gun holster with a scowl. "You could have shot me."
"It was on safety. Shot you good otherwise." Burgy jests.
"YAY! Squirt gun."
"God, I love you Bitch."
"Are we lovers now?"
"Not on your life Ho. I like dick too much."
"Meeee toooo."
Captain Bettinger and his wife interrupt their banter. With a deafening sigh Donald expresses his stress. "I'm sorry Burgundy."
"For what? Being a good kisser? Take those lips home Cap. Ali deserves them after that."
"I fully intend to make use of them." Allison smiles shamelessly.
"Tongue too." Calliope flicks her tongue.
"Alright. Now that our audience has dispersed, go shower and get back on duty. You both were assigned cases. Get with your partners, and do your jobs."
"I'm showering alone Babee. Don't you even sneak into my stall." Burgundy grunts taking her leave. Finding Luis, Burgundy yanks him into a steamy kiss that took his breath away. Other Officers had to smile at his luck. The second their lips parted she asks through a whisper. "Who's our Groucho?"
He drags her back into another kiss, blaming it on Gabriel observing them. He wanted to keep things from his notice. Kiss broken he whispers. "Alexander York. Mime like I said. Shares a house with some other actors. I figure the other Marx Brothers."
Another kiss, more forcefully Burgundy bites at his lower lip drawing blood. "Find them. Bring them somewhere safe and hold them. I'll find a way to interrogate them without G listening in."
"Got it."
"I'm going to shower up. No peeking, or I'll gouge your eyes out."
"You gonna get those nipples pierced?"
"Fuck! Don't remind me. I love my nipples as is."
"I love your clit as is too."
"Shut up Luis." She turns before smirking out of his sightline. A vigorous wiggle to the end of the hall, she intentionally leans forward and twerks her ass. Luis nearly fell over a chair. Maybe Burgundy could grow to like this Pornstar role after all.
Calliope, still in the conference room, eyed the first package left behind, and notes a familiar scent. Sniffing closer she shrugs as a diversion. Her thoughts recognizing a hint of cigar, chalking it up to Luis having handled the cigar evidence earlier, then the package itself. Probably nothing. She would forward that bit of info to Bettinger after he got done walking Allison out. Forensics could look into it further.
After their shower the girls would ally up with Mosley and Roper. Burgundy would be handed a third package with a choker of her own and a Bluetooth for communication. A full fledged Pornstar now. Was it crazy that Burgundy thought she looked hot in her new outfit?
Calliope found her own pink holster in the trunk of her Camaro. Her gun inserted, she too looked badass, her badge now pinned to her holster strap. Not as sexy as Burgundy's boot, but without her thong to pin it to, she had to improvise.
The Pornstars were ready for action.
The world wasn't ready for them.
On duty they didn't directly see the Presidential address informing the world that the U.S. Government would allow the Pornstar Detectives to do their jobs. Fear dispelled by most states, knowing that Florida only, seemed to be the target of the madman known as Gabriel. Regardless, Calliope Cruz had a very interesting thought.
"The biblical Gabriel blew a horn to announce the end of time. The horn was also a TRUMPet. Go figure."
One blowhard to another.