"Well, this oughta be interesting," Mitchell thought as he waited for Ruby to pick him up from work. He had finished with his last client of the day and had changed into 'date-appropriate' clothing, hoping that it was right for the occasion. Since he had no idea what the evening would entail, he could only guess at what to wear.
He had been anticipating their first date ever since she had come on to him and asked him out after their recent massage session. Truth be told, he felt a little anxious about the whole situation. Ruby was truly a force of nature and very outgoing. She didn't seem to have much of a filter and her impulse control might also be in question. At least that was the impression Mitchell got of her from the minimal contact they had had. He was, however, glad that she asked him out as he likely would never have summoned the courage to ask her himself. Plus, she was aware of all the details of his session with Cate, the one where he was treated to a surprise sexual encounter, the likes of which he had never before imagined even in his wildest dreams. Granted, he was not the most sexually experienced guy in the world but he'd had a few girlfriends who were reasonably adept at various aspects of lovemaking. But the thing with Cate was off the charts.
Ruby was wearing a sleeveless, gingham cowboy shirt that was knotted under her bust exposing a flat, toned midriff and a flouncy, black pleated skirt that was short enough to show off a substantial expanse of smooth, naked thigh above her red, calf-high cowboy boots. Mitchell could barely muster the ability to offer an intelligent greeting so stunned was he at the sight of the wet dream in the driver's seat. The checkered shirt was unbuttoned to the knot of fabric below her boobs and exposed a mile and a half of deliciously inviting cleavage. The bra she was wearing was stuffed to straining with her magnificent tits and presented the tops of those generous globes to his appreciative gaze. Her hair framed her face and her light makeup served only to enhance her natural beauty in an understated way.
"Hey, stud. How's it going?" asked Ruby, smiling at Mitchell as she leaned across to give him a soft peck on the cheek. She was tickled to see his eyes quickly roam over her body to peek at her toned legs and then her substantial breasts. She held her arms out to the sides of her body like the Rio de Janeiro statue of Jesus the Redeemer and asked, "So... whaddaya think?"
"Wow. What can I say? I mean, what's not to like? You're drop-dead gorgeous and I love this cowgirl thing you've got going on. All you need is the Stetson... and maybe a pony," Mitchell commented, as he took another long and more obvious look at his ravishing date for the evening.
"Ha. The hat's in the back seat. I don't like wearing it for too long. It makes my head sweat. As far as the horse goes, I'll tell you right now... that I do love to ride. I mean... 'cowgirl' isn't just a noun," Ruby chuckled, giving him an impish wink.
"So, are you ready for a fun evening? I've been looking forward to tonight and I hope you have been too." She patted his leg playfully and pulled away from the curb.
"Glad you like the outfit. Unfortunately, I had to wear a bra to corral these things and keep them in place for a while but I'll probably ditch it later to free up the double Ds. I'm not a fan of wearing boob-holders but the cleavage thing is cool though right? The push-up action makes me feel so bomb-shelly,"
With her hands at ten and two on the wheel she used her elbows and biceps to push her breasts together and they threatened to pop out of her top. She looked down at the deep valley she created then turned to her mesmerized passenger with a raised eyebrow and gave him a flirty smirk.
"Holy cow, bombshell is right," Mitchell mused. "She's built like a brick shithouse. What an amazing body. It's hard to believe I'm actually here with this goddess tonight."
"Well. you definitely should feel like a bombshell because that is exactly what you are. I couldn't think of a better word to describe how you look. Good gawd Ruby, you're going to give me a heart attack."
"Heheh. Thanks. That's sweet of you to say. Don't worry. You're in good hands. I know CPR if there is a cardiac event of any type tonight. You may not know it but I went to nursing school and finished with flying colours. It's actually my day job. You have nothing to worry about."
"So, where are we going? Since you seem to be in total control here I'm guessing you have the evening all planned out. Is there anything I need to prepare myself for?" Mitchell asked while he checked out the rippling of her cleavage as the old Jeep, with its terrible stiff suspension, bounced over potholes. The tops of her breasts jiggled like Jell-O and he was grateful that the street maintenance in this town was pretty much non-existent. The road they were currently on was so deeply pockmarked it resembled the aftermath of a heavy mortar barrage and caused the vehicle to jar violently whenever it bounced over one of its many craters.
"Yeah, I hope you're okay with me calling the shots. I thought I would take the 'first-date pressure' off you since I was the one who asked you out. It made sense to me that I took the reins tonight. But no, there's nothing you need to prepare for. I thought we'd go dancing first, then get a little bite to eat and see where the evening takes us. Sound all right to you?"
"Dancing? Wow. Uh... sure... okay. I have to tell you in advance that I'm not really much of a dancer. I hope I don't embarrass you. Or worse yet, step on your feet. Actually, I suppose I can do both of those things at the same time," Mitchell joked. "But hey, what the hell, let's see what happens."
"You probably won't be able to step on my feet because... are you ready? Believe it or not, we are going for line dancing lessons. But don't panic, I've never done it before either so we'll both be starting at square one. I've always wanted to give it a try and I'm pretty sure my burlesque background will be of little or no use," she laughed, turning to look at her passenger, who appeared to be just a little nervous. "We'll stumble through it together. It'll be fun. Whaddaya think?"
"Well, it will be a novel experience for sure but I'm game. I mean what's the worst that could happen? If nothing else we'll have some interesting dinner conversation reliving how everyone thought it was fun to point and laugh at the poor stumbling newbs."
"Heheh. I don't think it's going to be that bad. Cate and Tom did it and recommended we give it a whirl. She said it's not as difficult as you think and they had a good time. We'll just stay for the first hour and then head out to eat after," Ruby said. "I'm sure we'll have worked up a bit of an appetite by then."
"Okay. You're the boss. Let's go kick up our heels I guess," Mitchell laughed.
The line-dancing idea indeed proved to be tons of fun for both of them. They laughed at, and with, each other as they struggled to keep up with the choreography, especially the faster songs. Ruby, being a dancer fared much better than Mitchell but she purposely flubbed a few of the steps to make him feel better about his efforts. All in all, it was an entertaining experience. Mitchell was treated to the vision of Ruby's chest in constant motion. The exposed tops of her substantial breasts jostled, rippled and jerked enticingly the entire time and her curvy back end shook and swayed seductively as well. When she did a fast spin her tiny skirt flared out and momentarily threatened to expose whatever was under the garment. It was truly a feast for the eyes of her date and virtually every other man who was there.
When it was over and they were back in the car, Ruby leaned forward and said, "Just gimme a sec and we'll get going. I gotta get rid of this fucking thing. I was only wearing it so my tits didn't flop around uncontrollably when we were dancing."
She reached under her top behind her back, unhooked her bra and then did the trick all men loved to witness and thought to be magic. She slipped the straps down her arms, did some abracadabra hocus pocus and pulled the bra out from one of her sleeve holes. Mitchell watched in awe as her magnificent tits were set free under her shirt and dropped onto her chest. She tossed the bra nonchalantly over her shoulder onto the back seat and let out a loud, gratified sigh.
"Yay! Finally! Fuck, that's better! Good gawd I hate those things."
She gave her shoulders a shake which caused her massive melons to shift from side to side like water balloons and then massaged them through her shirt for a few moments. Her nipples dented the fabric as her hands squashed and rubbed her boobs.
"Had I not had that thing on though, someone could have been injured during some of those dances. My tits are too big and heavy and if left... um... unrestrained... have a real tendency to move with a life of their own. Plus, gravity has a very pronounced effect on them because of their bulk. Well, now that that's off, if I lost a measly two hands of strip poker I'd be completely naked if you don't count the boots.
"Do you remember giving one of these gals a squeeze after the massage? I hope you like big, hanging boobs, 'cause if you're looking for perky, these ain't them," she said laughing. "These babies are fleshy and soft and weigh a ton. And I have to admit... I love 'em. Wanna give one a feel?"
"Of course, I remember the 'tip' you gave me after the massage, Ruby. I've thought of little else but your fabulous chest... and of course your luscious lips and firm grip," Mitchell replied, as he reached across the centre console to cup one of her ample breasts through the thin fabric of her shirt. His thumb rubbed across an already marble-hard nipple and felt it grow even stiffer.
"Hmm. I'm feeling something a little different under here. Are you pierced? I didn't detect anything when last I groped you. Is this a new addition to your vast collection?" he asked.
"Ha Ha. Vast collection indeed. Ears, nose, navel, nips... I confess... I might be just a little bit obsessed. Yes, they are pierced and I didn't have the bars in when I was there for my massage but I keep something in them almost all of the time. Usually, it's the little barbells but tonight I put in the silver rings. I love the feeling and the look. Pinch that ring and give it a pull. It feels good."
Mitchell pinched the ring through her top between his thumb and forefinger and gave it a tentative tug. Ruby's heavy, teardrop breast lifted up slightly and came away from her chest. She looked down at her boob and groaned.
He enjoyed the sight of the hefty globe moving under her shirt as he held the ring and moved it gently from side to side.
"You can pull harder if you want. It doesn't hurt. In fact, it feels great," Ruby said, now looking Mitch in the eye and smiling. "Give it a hard pull or two and then we should get going. I'm hungry. You?"
Mitchell gave the ring a couple of short, firm tugs and then one long one that pulled her breast out and away from her. "I could eat," he said as he released the ring and delighted at the sight of her big boob plopping back to her chest. "Where are we going?"
"Do you like roast beef? I feel the need for some meat and I'm starving. And I see you've got a boner. Is that from me? Oh my. That's bringing back a fond memory," she said, reaching across to give Mitchell's crotch a light, seductive rub.
Mitchell laughed out loud. "Yes, I do like roast beef. And I do indeed have a boner. And yes, it was definitely from you. I'm guessing you have that effect on men all the time. I'm sure you're used to having guys hovering around you just licking their chops and trying to impress you."
"I think you're grossly overstating it but I do appreciate the compliment. I guess the curvy body does provide a certain amount of, let's say... inspiration for a lot of men... especially the jugs I suppose but my personality can be a little much for some guys. I may be a bit too flirty, a little outspoken and sometimes opinionated. Makes some of the boys a bit nervous don't ya know," she chuckled. "Well, too bad for them. I think I'm fun, honest, smart and totally happy with who I am. I can be demure when the occasion calls for it but mostly it's 'what you see is what you get'. I feel I can be especially open and upfront with you."
Mitchell was absorbing this last comment when Ruby pulled into the parking lot of a small strip mall. Thinking they were heading to a fancy eatery for a 'first date' dinner he was surprised when she steered them into the parking area in front of an Arby's.
Seeing the look of surprise on his face, Ruby said, "What? You said you liked roast beef, right? Did you think we were going to a classy restaurant? Listen, Buster, I asked you out, so that means I have to pay and I'm on a budget. Nurses get paid shit you know. Not that you're not worth it mind you but when you ask me out for our next date you can pick the restaurant and foot the bill. So let's get inside and hammer down a couple of double roast beefs or a smokehouse brisket. With fries of course. I'm famished."
She parked the car and they went inside the overly air-conditioned restaurant and took a booth in the corner. The chilly air had the expected effect on Ruby's thick, sensitive nipples. They were covered only by a light layer of cotton and their rise to attention, with their obvious rings, made noticeably huge dents and outlines in the flimsy material. When she slid into the booth, she flipped the back of her skirt up so that she was sitting directly on the seat surface with no material separating her bottom from the vinyl-covered bench. Mitchell assumed that her shapely back end was now directly on the seat. She had hinted at not wearing any undies earlier on when she made the strip poker comment after removing her bra. He looked at her with raised eyebrows as she settled in and gave her ass a little wiggle. The look was not lost on the spunky little brunette.
She leaned towards her date, resting her unfettered rack on the table, and said, "Hey, I expect our conversation might get a little... you know... suggestive... and if I start to get... um... juicy... and it doesn't take much... I don't wanna get the back of my skirt all damp. This vinyl I'm sittin' on will just wipe clean with a damp rag. Or a napkin. Plus, feeling the cool material against my butt and...um... lady bits... is kinda sexy.
"Am I scaring you off yet? Maybe I'm being too forward?" she asked with a concerned look on her face.,
"No. No. It's all good. You are certainly unique. I love how straightforward and open you are. It's refreshing. You say what's on your mind and seem to have no reservations about doing so. You are body-positive and have a liberal attitude towards sex. You might be the perfect woman."
"Wow. That's something. The perfect woman eh? Ha Ha. That's rich. Have you met Cate? Oh, wait, no.. sorry... of course you have. She's your favourite client. Or she oughta be," Ruby replied laughing. "It's apparent that you two have quite the special connection. And by the way, she was the one who suggested I come after you, once she heard you were no longer with that bitch Lydia. What was the story with her?"
"Yeah, she was a nasty piece of work," he answered, happy to steer the conversation away from Cate and their encounter. "I met her through Derek, a friend of mine who was going out with one of her co-workers, a girl named Gracie. Anyway, he set me up with her on a double date and initially she seemed fun and... well... normal. By the third time we went out she revealed herself to be 'psycho-woman'. Aggressive, possessive, mean-spirited... she was putting down everybody she could. All the time. She was disrespectful and insulting. I have no idea what her deal was. Maybe she was always just that person and put up a good front for the first few dates. We actually didn't go out for that long but even after we broke up she kept telling everyone we were still together. The whole thing was weird. Glad it's over."
"How was the sex?" Ruby asked, probing for details. She tended to gently move her breasts slowly back and forth against the tabletop making it very difficult for Mitchell to a.) concentrate on his answer, and b.) keep his eyes off her chest. He was doing his best not to be rude but she was not making it easy.
"Meh. Honestly, we only had sex a few times and I guess it was okay. I mean we both got off and were satisfied I suppose but it wasn't anything special or memorable," he said. "It certainly wasn't good enough to be worth putting up with her 'mean girl' persona, that's for sure. Being celibate for a while was a better option. She was pretty toxic. Everyone I know always refers to her as 'that bitch Lydia', so I guess it wasn't just me who felt it."
"Hmm. Interesting. I always pictured her as being a wildcat in the sack. Just goes to show ya... you can't judge a book...," Ruby said. "Now Cate... I imagine you'd have a different review for that experience."
"Oh boy. Here we go," thought Mitchell.
"Yeah. Well... that encounter was something else. The whole thing... the massage, the sex, it was... intense. Otherworldly. It came out of thin air. A complete surprise. When it started to go down I obviously thought I'd won the lottery, I mean... come on... it's Cate, but I was concerned that she would be cheating on Tom, whom I've never met by the way, and I'm not the type of guy to get in the middle of a relationship," said Mitchell, taking a deep breath and continuing with the story. "I've heard nothing but good things about the guy and I was a little worried about what was happening but she said it wouldn't be cheating and to not worry about it. Seemed odd to me at the time but... well.. things just kinda spiralled from there and it turned out to be a surreal sexual experience. Like you said, she told you all about it and gave you the details."
"Oh, my dear. She did much more than that. She showed me the video," Ruby said to a now wide-eyed Mitchell. "You can relax. Don't freak out. The only people who have seen it are Cate, Tom and me. You're not in danger of becoming an internet porn star. Although you could if you wanted to I suppose. You were super hot man. Cate was a lucky, lucky gal that day. I was jealous.
"So, the cheating thing... the reason she said that is because Tom was the one who encouraged her to expose herself to you and then go all the way if the situation presented itself. He wanted her to come back to him all frisky and give him all the details but she took it a step further with the video. Tom is a 100%, dyed-in-the-wool voyeur, and happens to be married to a gorgeous budding exhibitionist. He likes to expose his wife and show her off at every opportunity so it's pretty much a match made in heaven. You should see the clothes he buys her. Super sexy and very revealing. He has also recently discovered that he has a desire to see Cate... um... pleasured by other men. This is new to them both and there's a bit of an explanation other than the obvious general horniness.
"I'm not telling any tales out of school here when I tell you that Tom has ED and has trouble getting or maintaining a boner. Apparently, he can orgasm from oral or handjobs but has a hard time, no pun intended, getting hard enough to fuck. He wants Cate to be able to have a completely fulfilling, well-rounded sex life and she enjoys getting pounded, like who doesn't, so now they occasionally set it up so she can get boned while he either watches, participates in some way, or as in the case of the studly RMT - that's you - gets to hear the tale or watch the tape or whatever. He is absolutely convinced that she needs or craves the experience of a rock-hard cock. She says it doesn't matter to her either way, that he is more than enough, but hey... hubby wants it for her... she loves the attention and really, really enjoys sex... so she just shrugs her shoulders and goes along with it. Win-win all around, right?
"They haven't done it a whole lot and are pretty cautious with all aspects of the arrangement. If you wouldn't have been single, clean and willing, nothing would have happened other than the exposure. Now, I wouldn't call her a bona fide 'hot wife' or that their marriage is 'open' but they are certainly adventurous and are enjoying exploring their sexuality. Neither one is going to fall in love with anyone else or sneak around and cheat. They are totally in it together.
"So now you know the story of Tom and Cate. I know it's our first date and here I am dishing all kinds of private and personal shit but I think we have a solid connection and I trust you to be cool and discreet."
"Absolutely. No worries there. I would have no one to tell even if I wanted to. My circle of friends is small and select."
They were called that their order was ready and Mitchell went and picked up their food. Ruby did actually order two roast beef sandwiches with fries for herself and tore into them with gusto the moment they were on the table. The lady had a lusty appetite, that was for certain. She dove into her meal like she had just gotten out of jail. They both took a few minutes to work on their dinner when Mitchell continued the conversation.
"It's weird that after one massage session and one date, I feel perfectly at ease with you and feel like, and I hate to use this phrase but... I get you. And I think you get me. I'm so glad you asked me out. I never would have had the nerve to approach you."
"Why not?" Ruby said, looking at him askance. "You're a good-looking, smart, easy-going dude who also just happens to be gainfully employed. And you have magic hands to boot. I bet you have girls lining up to date you. Or fuck you. And from what I saw on that vid, you have a beautiful wiener and know how to make a gal feel good with it, so why the reticence?"
"Just lack of confidence for one, I guess. But I mean, look at you. I am so far out of my league here. Every other guy in the world would just look at us together and think 'What the fuck is she doing with him?' You are a rush-hour traffic stopping smoke show and I'm just a..."
"Okay, stop right there," she interrupted. "Yeah, you definitely have a confidence problem man. Give your head a shake. You're a fucking catch. I'm glad I got in there before all those other sluts found out that you dumped that bitch Lydia. You're fair game now and I wanna see where this thing can go. I think we'd make a good couple and if you're willing, I'd like us to kick the tires a few times and see if we click like I think we're gonna. The vibe is great. Like I said at the studio... we have chemistry. I don't wanna scare you off... I'm not saying we have to start thinking about baby names or anything stupid but I'll commit to an exclusive trial run if you can do the same. But you'll have to promise to fight off all those tramps that are gonna be tryin' to get their hooks in you. So, you up for it?"
"I couldn't think of anything I'd like more. And I can assure you that there is no lineup to date me or fuck me or anything else. I'm a faithful guy and sometimes honest to a fault, so committing to an exclusive trial run with you is a no-brainer. I am so in. Let's finish this elegant dinner and get out of here. I'm dying to get you into that Jeep so we can make out. I can't wait to kiss you again," Mitchell responded before wolfing down the rest of his sandwich, gathering the refuse off the table and offering his hand to his date to help her out of her seat.
"Fuck making out in the Jeep. I mean, we can... but we're going to my place honey. I hope that one measly sando provided you with enough energy to get through the rest of the evening because I have plans for you stud," Ruby said with an evil grin. "If you're up for it I think we should go back to my place and make a serious effort to fuck each other stupid. And then make love if we still have some gas in the tank."
They decided to forego making out in the Jeep and opted for a quick trip to her place instead where they could move past the make-out stage, pass Go and collect two hundred dollars. Ruby drove like she was trying to qualify for the Indy 500 as she blatantly ignored the speed limit all the way to her apartment. If she wasn't trying to hit every pothole on the way there, it certainly seemed like it and her fulsome, unfettered breasts danced crazily under her shirt, wobbling and jiggling as the Jeep bounced along. More than once they threatened to pop the buttons off her shirt and Mitchell now didn't even bother to hide the fact that he was ogling and enjoying the boob battle that was taking place on the driver's chest.
"Do you like big tits?" asked Ruby, looking at her momentarily stunned passenger.
"Yes, I do. I mean who doesn't? I love big tits. Big natural boobs are my favourite."
"Perfect. Then you're going to have lots of fun with these babies. So... full bush, trimmed or shaved? How do you like it?"
He contemplated his answer, not wanting to offend her if he picked the wrong option. The big boob question was an easy one as he'd already sampled her double D cup treasures and knew what he was getting. This one could go either way.
"Shaved actually, he said. "I love the feel of a smooth, bald mound under my hand or my mouth. Did I pick right?"
She laughed and gave him a playful, sexy look. "There's no wrong answer Mitch. It's just a question of preference. I like your reasoning though. I do at the moment have a very small tuft of soft fur above my slit, sorta like a sax player's soul patch, but we're shaving it off tonight before the real festivities start. It's tiny and it comes and goes with me depending on my mood but I want to be shaved clean for you. It'll take about two minutes to complete that task and I think it'll be a turn-on for us both. Are you handy with a razor?"
"Sure am," he said. "And I'm looking forward to it."
"I hope you don't mind these questions but I want to know what you like and I find that talking about this stuff gets me all worked up."
Mitch thought he'd turn the tables a little and see the effect it had on his beautiful, horny date.
"Is this talk getting you wet? Is your pussy getting moist? I can see your nipples are at attention... how are things south of the border?"
"Are you kidding? My cunt is so juicy we could stop the car now, you could bend me over, and go balls deep on the first stroke. I've been thinking about fucking your brains loose all night. I keep having little mental flashbacks of watching the video of you fucking Cate doggy and of me rubbing that big dick of yours after that wonderful massage you gave me. I'm so ready to go, stud. No doubt about it. Any more questions?" Ruby said, looking at Mitchell and giving her crotch a quick rub.
Mitch loved how this was going and was really starting to get into it. "Do you like giving head? Do you deep throat?"
"Ha Ha. Do I ever! If this thing works out between us you are going to be in blowjob heaven, my dear Mitch. I will drop to my knees and suck that big dick of yours anytime, anywhere, and swallow every last drop of your sticky, hot goo. I bet you taste great. I'm totally cool if you want to paint my face or my tits with it too. The dirtier we get the better as far as I'm concerned. I'll give you a demonstration after we get my mound nice and hairless for you.
"Okay, here we are. This is my place. I might fucking race you to get in there. I hope you are as wound up as I am. Jeezus Christ, I'm in full slut mode tonight. Yikes. Whatever must you think of me?" Ruby said coquettishly, clutching imaginary pearls at her throat and batting her eyelashes.
"That you're the girl of my dreams," answered Mitchell. "I feel like the luckiest man in the world right now. And I'm stiff as a board, so yes I'm ready to go. I will race you. Let's go. What floor?"
Once inside her apartment, they wasted no time in stripping off their clothes. Ruby kicked off her boots, pulled off her shirt and let her skirt drop to the floor at her feet revealing that she had indeed gone commando. She just stood there in all her naked glory and watched him as he fumbled with his clothes. He couldn't take his eyes off the brunette goddess before him as he undressed.
He was absolutely head over heels in love with her perfect boobs. They were fabulous, full, soft teardrop tits with nowhere near the sag she alluded to. They had big, dark brown areola and long, thick nipples that pointed straight forward and reminded him of Cate's. They were indeed hefty and hung beautifully on her chest and he was already visualizing how sexy they were going to look when she was lying on her back. Or better still, when she was on all fours and they dangled and wobbled beneath her. Her pussy looked delicious. She had a nice plump pubic mound and a tight-looking slit. Her inner labia were tucked in but her clit stood out prominently from under its hood. It was then that he noticed the glint of light on metal.
"Oh my gawd. Your hood is pierced as well. Fuck, man, that is so hot!" Mitchell exclaimed as he drank in her body with his eyes and slowly stroked his raging erection. It was starting to leak pre-cum and his date was licking her lips in anticipation of tasting his sweet nectar.
She pinched her clit jewelry and laughed. "I told you I might be a little bit obsessed. I love the barbell in there. It always feels so nice when it rubs against my pearl. I'm going to switch the rings out of my nipples for the barbells while you're shaving me. I'll be all matchy-matchy for you. Oh, look! Nice woody! And he's drooling a bit. You obviously like what you see.
"C'mon. Let's get that razor action out of the way and then hit the playing field. If you'll pardon the expression, I am going to fuck the snot out of you and when we're done, I want to be achy, swollen and sticky. But first I want to see if I can swallow that cock of yours. As the little 'choo choo' said, 'I think I can, I think I can'."
She grabbed her little silver barbells from the top of her dresser, took Mitchell by the hand, and headed to the bathroom where Barbasol and Mr. Gillette awaited.
...stay tuned for part 2.