I.
I was driving home from work when my phone rang. Rosa Flores. Crap. I'd been avoiding her, but I decided to answer and get it over with.
"Go for Christina." I put on my work voice. Keep it impersonal. That would make it easier when I told her I was kicking her out.If I have to listen to one more week of her sexual moans floating across the garden at night...
"Tina!" Her voice was hushed in my ear, like she was whispering. "You have to see him. Puta de madre, he's so hot!"
Her words threw me. The speech I'd been preparing for the last few weeks slunk back to the basement of my mind. I was intrigued. Despite my resolve I found myself responding. "Who?"
"The new gardener. He's gorgeous! Curly dark hair, enormous eyes, pretty lips. Dios, Tina, you have to see him!"
I'd barely seen Rosa for weeks. She rented my guesthouse, on the far side of my walled garden, and when she first moved in we'd spent most evenings together. She came round after I got home from work and we drank wine and gossiped and laughed.
Rosa had a filthy mind, and she was bold about what she wanted. I was just coming out of my last attempt at a relationship, and she'd regale me with tales of her sex life. About men who made fools of themselves, or about nearly getting caught - or about actually getting caught. And she never hesitated to go into detail.
Often after our sessions I'd draw myself a bath, or just crawl into bed, and play with myself as I recalled Rosa's adventures. I'd picture her riding a stranger in the back seat of his car, or sucking an unknown cock in some alley, or letting unseen hands slide up her skirt in the club or on the train.
What aroused me about her stories wasn't just the acts she described, but the idea of not caring about what people thought. Rosa was unashamedly sexual. She enjoyed sex, too much to let anyone dictate the terms, and she did what she wanted, when she wanted. And who she wanted.
How had that all ended? When did we stop being friends?
It was the memory of those stories that paused me now. Instead of telling her I wanted her to move out, I found myself saying, "I'm nearly home. How long has he been there?" I paid the gardening firm for an hour.
"He just got here. But hurry, you don't want to miss a second."
"I'm nearly home," I replied, turning the last corner into our street. "Let me call you back in a minute."
Rosa had been a breath of fresh air when she first moved in. She was everything I'd wanted to be when I was younger: confident, uninhibited, full of life. In appearance, she could have been the baby sister of my closest friend at uni, but Rosa was wilder, more passionate.
Not that my youth had been all prim and proper. I'd had my share of excitement - well, nearly my share. But it had become hard to balance a career with a love life, and more and more I'd found myself preferring my career. It was more interesting, more challenging, more fulfilling.
I hadn't had sex with anyone besides myself since Rosa moved in. My last lover had been enjoyable, and we'd had fun, but there was something missing. Not love, as I'd thought at the time. Something more ephemeral. Respect, perhaps. He hadn't respected me for who I was, and so I couldn't respect him.
In the end I'd cancelled a dinner date - we'd been together for seven months or so - and neither of us had bothered to reschedule. The void it left had been filled with self-respect, so I wasn't unhappy about it.
I thought having a lodger for the guesthouse would give me some company while I enjoyed being a successful single woman. And for a while it had worked out. It was as if I'd outsourced my sexuality to Rosa and she reported to me on the highlights.
But I'd started to come home later and later, and I'd been tired, and I had little energy to drink wine and laugh with Rosa. Then my consultancy firm tendered for a big contract and won it, and after that I had no time or energy at all.
For the last few months, I'd heard her more often than I'd seen her. I'd lain awake at night, listening to her moans and cries as she experienced yet another adventure, until I'd had enough. She had to go. No room for sex in my life, even if I wasn't the one having it.
Today had been another long day at the office - a long week, in fact - and I'd promised myself a break from being the boss. If there was an emergency, my team could handle it.
All I wanted was to get home. Kick off my heels, free my boobs. Pour myself a glass of wine. Park myself on my lounger and let the late afternoon sunshine melt my problems away without anyone talking to me.
So I parked the car and went inside. A few minutes later, barefoot, I'd grabbed a bottle from the cooler. I was about to walk to the garden when I remembered Rosa, the gardener, and how I'd felt for those few seconds in the car. I changed my direction.
Taking a glass and the corkscrew, I climbed the stairs to where the back room overlooked the garden. Living by myself, and working six or even seven days a week, I rarely came up here anymore. It felt odd now, like I was revisiting the town where I'd grown up.
I removed the cork from the bottle and poured myself a glass. The tart liquid filled my mouth before it slithered down my throat like burning ice. I took another sip, smaller this time, and put the glass down.
By this time my boobs were reminding me of my promise. Pulling my blouse from the waist of my trousers, I slipped my hands round my back and undid the clasp. My boobs gave a sigh of relief as they fell free. Careless of my sweater's stretch I pulled the lacy prison through the sleeves and tossed it onto the floor.
The smooth wool of my sweater felt good on my skin. It brushed across my nipples, reminding them that it had been an age since anyone but me had played with them. They sent a memo to my brain, and to my libido, to do something about that.
Taking up my glass again I placed the bud in my ear and called Rosa. "Is he still there?"
"He is," she whispered back. "But his shirt isn't. You're just in time."
The guesthouse stood across the grass and flowerbeds, beyond the apple tree that lived by itself in the centre of the lawn. Careful not to disturb the gauze drapes, I positioned myself by the window to get a good view. And what a view it was!
I could only see the boy from behind, but he was as pretty as Rosa had promised. The curls fell across his back, which rippled with muscles under his olive skin. The arms were long and sinewy, gleaming with a sheen of sweat in the late afternoon sun. And the arse...!
Despite his slender form, he filled his cotton shorts with a shapely roundness. The material hugged his cheeks and highlighted the firm thighs beneath. To my surprise I found myself wondering what they looked like from the front.
"Very nice," I murmured. I took a sip of wine, and a sudden thought struck me.
The cupboard in this room held a box of holiday gear. Including a pair of small yellow binoculars. A moment later I had them pressed to my eyes, running them over that tanned, toned body like a lover's fingertips.
Rosa was still whispering in my ear. "Yes baby, reach for that branch."
He was stretching up to prune a rosebush. I let the binoculars caress his legs, noting the short curly hairs and a drop of sweat running down his thigh. Without looking away I groped around with my free hand until I found my wine glass.
"How old is he?" I asked, taking a sip.
"Twenty, according to his profile on their website. Name's Roberto." Rosa's whisper was sounding decidedly breathy. "Mama likes Roberto."
The old me surfaced from its deep hibernation to tell me that I liked Roberto too. He had a scratch on his arm, presumably from a thorn, and it just highlighted how perfect his skin was. He was wearing a pair of heavy gloves that hid his hands, but I could imagine his fingers: strong, agile, capable.
He bent down to pick up a roll of string. In my ear I heard Rosa moan. "Look at that arse! Have you ever seen anything so perfect?"
I didn't reply. I was busy staring through the binoculars. My tongue, I discovered, was licking my lips.What would it feel like?I wondered.How does his skin taste?
I imagined running my lips over his back, from his neck to his crack. Sliding my hands over his thighs, up and down to feel the muscles-
"Tina? Are you still there?" Rosa was whispering in my ear again. I returned to the present and hastily searched through the binoculars until they filled with bronze skin. A gasp escaped me before I realised it was there.
Roberto had turned round, and my sight was filled with his stomach and chest. It was an athlete's body - a swimmer, perhaps - all defined and toned without being excessively muscled. A light covering of curly hairs rose from his shorts, reaching for his navel like I wished my fingers were.
"He's... delicious." I could hear the hunger in my voice. A hunger I'd forgotten about. Rosa must have heard it as well. "Easy there. I saw him first." There was something of a smirk in her voice.
I dragged the binoculars up to Roberto's face. It was everything Rosa had promised. A slightly pointed chin, full red lips, a straight nose, and a pair of dark eyes filled with a soulful gaze. I watched as he pulled off a glove and brought his hand to his face to brush his hair back. His hand was just as I'd imagined it, but with a long pale scar running along the back, almost to his wrist.
In my ear I heard Rosa hum approvingly. "Can you imagine what it would feel like to have those hands on your body?"
I pictured it in my mind. I had to recall what it was like to have someone else touch me, but then it was easy enough. Calloused fingertips, with a delicate touch, warm and insistent, exploring my skin, seeking out the sensitive areas and lingering there... I needed another sip of wine.
But instead of reaching for the glass, my hand came up to squeeze my nipple through the material of my sweater. A thread of electricity shot down and ended up in my toes.How long has it been, anyway?
But fuck! my body ached for someone's touch. Sex would be good, but so would a massage - a real one, a personal one, from someone who cared about me. It didn't even have to be a very good one, just a pair of warm hands on my shoulders. Or someone's fingertips brushing the naked skin of my arm.
A sense of connection, that was what I was missing. Surrounded by people all day I was still alone.
Lately I'd been so wrapped up in work that I'd barely even taken time to treat myself properly. It was great that my consultancy firm had just won that big contract, that I was becoming a name in the industry. Someone to be reckoned with.
But sometimes it was hard to remember that my name wasn't "Boss". That there was a Christina beneath the designer sweaters, a human with a human's needs.
In fact, I realised as I gazed at Roberto's lean body, I couldn't remember the last time I'd looked around and really seen anything. I'd scoffed often enough when people talked about mindfulness, and told them that just looking up from their phones would do the trick.
But now I thought I understood what they meant. Experience the moment. Savour it.
Well, I was savouring this moment alright. I imagined how the sweat on Roberto's chest tasted. How his skin would feel under my tongue. How his breath would sound in my ears. How-
"Tina? Are you still there?" There was a note of amusement in Rosa's whispered voice.
"Still here," I murmured back. "Just imagining... Well, you know."
She giggled, sounding like a schoolgirl instead of the grown woman she was. "Don't I just? Poor boy, being molested by two older women and he doesn't even know it!"
Despite myself I found myself grinning along with her. Rosa had always known how to bring me out of the darkness. I raised my glass in a silent toast to her, and took a sip. "He looks like he could handle us both."
As soon as the words left my mouth I was astonished at myself. Besides my girlfriends at school and uni, I'd never really talked about sex to anyone I wasn't fucking. Rosa was less inhibited, but I'd always let her carry the conversation.
Is it the wine?I wasn't feeling lightheaded, not from the few sips I'd had.Maybe I just don't care anymore. Maybe that's it.
Whatever it was, now that I'd begun I found myself almost eager to continue. "Do you think he's experienced?"
I heard Rosa scoff in my ear. "Looking like that? He'll have been on every father's watchlist for the past half-dozen years."
"And most of the mums too," I whispered back, and was rewarded with a laugh from Rosa.
"No kidding! I bet he's had plenty of experience with women our age." I was flattered that Rosa put me in her own age bracket. The fact was that she was in her late twenties, and for me that was almost a dozen years ago. It felt like a lifetime.
Outside Roberto was reaching up to tie back the wisteria. Rosa's sigh came through my bud. "I like it when he bends over, but this stretching is nice too."
I agreed. The sight reminded me of the joy of running my fingers over a lover's back. Feeling the muscles play under his skin, savouring the heat that radiated up through my fingertips, listening to his gasps as the nerve endings came alive under my touch...
A faint moan brought me back to the present. For a second I thought perhaps it had been me, but then I heard it again, coming through the bud in my ear. "Rosa?" I asked. "Are you playing with yourself?"
She didn't reply immediately, but a grunt on the other end of the line told me enough. "Not going to lie," she whispered after a moment. "I'm thinking about licking his chest. Biting his nipples. Rubbing my face in those hairs."
I almost choked on my wine. Even knowing Rosa, knowing her sexual confidence, it was a shock to find out she was masturbating. Right in my ear, as it were. It was exhilarating too.
My body was responding. Not just from the sight of Roberto, or from hearing Rosa's whispered gasps in my ear. The excitement went deeper. It was as if I was entering into the world of sex for the first time.
In a sense I was. It had been months. Nearly a year. I'd retreated into my mind and forgotten about my body and its needs.
In an impulse I set aside my glass and unbuttoned my trousers. As I pulled them down and kicked them from my ankles I wondered,Trousers and sweater. When did I start dressing like a man?
The movement set my boobs swinging against my sweater. For a second I could imagine the material was Roberto's calloused fingers brushing my nipples.
A glance down almost made me blush. I hadn't given up on looking after myself, but my knickers had seen better days, and my bush was bushier than it used to be. I could see the dark mass pressing against the thin material and peeking out along the sides.
A thought flashed across my mind.What would Roberto think if he saw me like this?It made me feel old and dowdy. Then I gave an inward laugh.A gardener is just what I need down there.
My stomach was still smooth and feminine, though. I knew my arse was a good shape, thanks to the office gym. And my breasts were firm under my sweater.Give me ten minutes and he'd be drooling at the sight of me.It was a comforting thought, and a slightly intoxicating one.
Feeling naughty I slipped my hand beneath the waistband of my knickers. The elastic wasn't as tight as it should be. Definitely time to throw them out.
The thick curls felt strange beneath my fingers. Besides that period at uni when I wanted to save the planet I'd always kept everything neat and trimmed. Not shaved, except once for a boyfriend who'd nagged me. I decided I was fonder of my pubes than of him.
It took a bit of digging, finding my way between material and flesh and getting the hairs out of the way, but then I felt my slickness. I was surprised by how wet I was. My finger pressed against my entrance.
In my ear I heard Rosa give a gasp, then another. She wasn't just rubbing herself while she watched, I realised. She was going for it.
A second finger joined the first. I felt my arousal coat my fingertips, and I rubbed it along my slit. I avoided my pearl for now. Somehow I felt that would be crossing a line. Like I was committing to pursuing my orgasm.
For now, I could tell myself I was just teasing.
Rosa didn't seem to have that reservation. Her breathing was heavy in my ear. "Yes, yes," she was murmuring. "Puta de madre, I'm going to make you enjoy me." This was followed by a soft moan.
Outside Roberto had kneeled down and was bending forward. He was doing something with the roots of the honeysuckle, I thought, but mostly I was interested in how the late afternoon sun was making the sweat gleam on his back.
It felt like an age since I'd felt the sun on my skin, let its warmth seep inside me and soften the knotted muscles. My excuse for drinking wine as soon as I arrived home was to relax, but it hadn't really helped. Even now, I could feel in my entrance how tense I was.
Gently I ran my fingers round in a circle, as if I was a massage therapist working away at a client's stressed muscles. The idea helped to distract me from what was really happening.
"A young boy like that," Rosa whispered between gasps, "he could go all night. Fill me every way I wanted, and come back for more."
The idea was interesting, and I gave it some consideration.Tease him with my mouth,I thought,until he's twitching, until he's ready to burst. Let him swell, so big his cock stretches my mouth as far as it goes.
I put the binoculars down to drain what was left of my wine. Putting them back to my eyes, I ran the tart liquid around my mouth, swirling it around and remembering what it felt like to pleasure a cock.
Rosa's breath was ragged now, interspersed with moans and grunts. "Si, si... yes, give it to mama!" Suddenly she gave a choked gasp, then a grunt, followed by a whispered wail.
She just came! Right in my ear, she came in my ear!
One finger was buried deep inside me, I realised, working in and out like a tiny cock. Roberto had risen to his feet and was gazing up at the honeysuckle. I wondered how much time was left of his hour.
In my ear Rosa gave a laugh. "That was good," she whispered. "Ah, I needed that!"
"You sounded like you were enjoying yourself," I said. I wasn't sure whether I wanted to sound sensual or sarcastic. In the end it probably came out neutral.
"I was," she replied. "How about you?"
"Still enjoying the view." It was true. Roberto was gathering his tools, and through the binoculars I watched the play of his muscles every time he moved.
"I'm going out for a drink," Rosa said. There was still a breathless edge to her voice, but her tone was matter-of-fact. "Want to join me?"
A sudden panic seized me.I can't face her now!I thought.I just heard her orgasm. And I had my finger inside myself, and it turned me on!
My mind raced.Would it be so bad, though? She didn't seem to mind. It could be exciting...
For a second that seemed to last an hour I hesitated. Then I replied. "I promised myself a soak in the tub. How about some other time?"
Part of me hated myself as I removed the bud from my ear.
II.
"Tina!" It was Rosa's voice coming through my car's speakers. "He's here again!"
A week had passed, and I was driving home from work. A strange week. At times I'd felt detached from reality, while at others I felt more alive, more present than I ever had before.
The days had dragged by, second by second, and yet all of a sudden it was Friday, and here we were again.
"Nearly home," I replied. It was still home for Rosa as well. I'd never had the talk I'd meant to have with her. In fact, I'd been avoiding her. I was afraid to be face-to-face with her, afraid of how I'd react. Afraid of how things had changed. Afraid of how much I wanted to see her.
A few minutes later I was in the back room again, glass of wine standing by, binoculars in my hand. My boobs were swinging free in my blouse, rubbing against the rough silk and sending shivers down my spine to settle between my legs.
I'd been waiting for this, I realised. More than I'd dared to admit to myself.
"I'm here," I whispered.Why am I whispering? Roberto can't hear me.Still, it felt right.
Rosa chuckled in my ear. "Nice and early. He's only just begun."
No kidding. He was in the same shorts, but he was wearing a T-shirt as well. Part of me was disappointed, but another part liked to see how the thin material clung to his body.
A sip of wine. The same tartness on my tongue. It reminded me of last week's fantasies. After our phone call I'd run myself a bath and luxuriated in the scented steam, rubbing oil into my body.
I'd replayed the events in my mind. My first sight of Roberto, the close-up through the binoculars. The sensation of my nipples rubbing against the fabric of my sweater. The sound of Rosa's breathy gasps in my ear, hot and moist like my pussy beneath my fingers...
I'd climaxed so hard I splashed water all over the bathroom floor. If Roberto had still been working in the garden, he'd have heard me as I moaned, "Ro- Ro- aaaah!"
That night was the best sleep I'd had in months. My dreams were strange, though. Running, chasing, searching. Trying to feel my way in the blackness. Sitting behind the wheel of a giant lorry as it raced down a steep viaduct.
There was something about my clothes being too tight for me as well, but that was probably just random.
Now I was determined to enjoy the experience. For too long I'd denied myself. I was going to ogle Roberto like a piece of meat, imagine what it was like to have him at my fingertips, ready to give me whatever pleasure I wanted.
And if Rosa wanted to moan in my ear while I imagined that, so much the better.Why should society tell me what's an acceptable turn-on?I demanded of no-one.It's my pleasure. I get to decide.
Through the binoculars I picked out the scab on Roberto's arm. It had almost healed. Too thin, too shallow to leave a scar. Good. The one on his hand was sexy enough.
"Take off your shirt, coño!" Rosa's voice was a whisper in my ear. "I want to see skin."
I was less impatient. Despite my eagerness, I was enjoying the spectacle before me. There was something satisfying about just watching a competent professional do his job. Roberto moved from plant to plant, from border to border, with calm assurance. He sized up every task with a maturity beyond his years, then set about doing what needed to be done.
I could almost imagine him running his expert eye over my naked body, taking note of where I needed attention, and then giving me what I needed. Coolly. Professionally. Almost dispassionately.
Like I was eying him now. Watching as he paused in his work to pull his shirt over his head and toss it aside. In my ear, Rosa whispered, "Yes! Yesss!"
His body was even hotter than the week before. Or maybe it was just my imagination, picturing what I'd do to him. Stroke every inch of skin, lick it, nibble at it. Suck at my favourite spots.
There was a ring of black hairs around each nipple. I could almost feel them under my lips, taste the sweat, inhale his scent. My breath rasped in my throat, as if I were some great cat stalking her prey.
In my ear Rosa was whispering something in impassioned Spanish. It was somewhere between a prayer and a statement of intent. I caught the occasional word, and even knowing Rosa I almost choked. Apparently in Spanish she had even fewer inhibitions.
Even so I was surprised when she switched to English. "I have to have him," she announced. "Sorry about your garden, Tina, but now Roberto is going to tend to my needs."
"Rosa!" I hissed back. "What are you doing?" But I already knew.
Moments later I saw the door of the guesthouse open and Rosa emerge. She was as beautiful as ever. Long black hair hung loose over her shoulders, framing an oval face that was dominated by a pair of dark eyes beneath black brows.
To make the picture of the Spanish rose complete she should have been wearing a white dress. As it was, she was in a tube top and shorts that clung to her body like paint.
Roberto looked up. Through my binoculars I saw his lips move, saw a question appear on his face. His eyes told a story, though, as they travelled over Rosa's body. I wondered whether she could feel the heat of his gaze on her skin.
"Ola, buenas!" Rosa's voice was loud in my ear. I realised she still had her phone on - using a bud in her ear, just like I was.
Roberto replied, something of deference on his face as he spoke. An apology for not understanding Spanish, I realised a moment later.
"I was wondering whether I could bring you anything," Rosa said. "A drink, maybe? You look very... hot."
By this time she was standing before him. Almost pressing against him. Her hand reached out to brush his.
Roberto smiled at her. "I am used to the sunshine. But you're right." His fingers grasped hers. "It's very hot here all of a sudden."
My wine glass was at my lips. It had been there for some time. I took a quick sip and put it down. It was fascinating to watch: two confident, sexual beings engaged in a pre-fucking ritual. They both knew what was going to happen, were both eager for it. Like two professionals approaching a job.
I felt a stab of jealousy and anger. I hated Rosa. I hated Roberto. I hated myself for standing here watching, for... For what, precisely? It wasn't a simple question, and I pondered it as I watched the two beautiful people before me flirt their way towards sex.
Was I jealous of Rosa, because she was going to have sex? Because of how Roberto was looking at her, how he was teasing her hair with his fingers, how his eyes seemed to be licking over the bare flesh above her top?
Was I jealous of Roberto because Rosa was doing the same to him?
Was I jealous of both of them for having the boldness to stand there, oozing lust and confidence?
I'd conquered my profession. I owned a company with a team of three dozen consultants and half as many support staff. I won big contracts from bigger clients. People in the business knew my name, they knew my face. When I walked into a room, people looked up. When I spoke, they listened.
And yet the thought of doing what Rosa had just done made my knees tremble, the hand holding my binoculars shake.To walk up to a gorgeous man like that, confident that he'd want me...?
The realisation made the jealousy subside a little. It didn't go away entirely, of course. It still hurt to think that Rosa was stealing this shared experience away from me. That she'd rather drag Roberto off to her lair, out of sight, than have another secret moment together with me.
By now the pair of them had their bodies almost pressing together. Roberto's hands were on Rosa's hips and hers were stroking his chest. She was teasing him, trying to teach him a Spanish word that he was wilfully mispronouncing.
"No, no!" she laughed coyly, fluttering her dark lashes at him. "It's-"
Roberto's lips cut her off. I heard her muffled gasp in my ear, then she murmured her approval. Her arms went around him, and his slid down to cup her arse and pull her against him.
For a long moment they kissed, then Roberto pulled away and whispered something I didn't catch. But his suggestive glance at the guesthouse was clear enough.
Well, so much for that,I thought.All that's left for me is to listen to Rosa's distant cries while she's getting her brains fucked out.
To my surprise, though, Rosa was shaking her head. "Let's do it out here," she said. "It's private between these walls. No-one can see us. It's just you and me. Look!" And with that she let go of Roberto, grasped her top and pulled it over her head.
Roberto's eyes bulged. I saw his mouth working, as if he was trying to form words. My own jaw had dropped.
"Rosa!" I hissed. "Rosa!"
She threw an almost imperceptible glance in my direction before turning her attention back to Roberto. "Do you like what you see?" Somehow I knew her words were intended as much for me as they were for him.
And I did like what I saw. Rosa's breasts were a little larger than a handful, with barely any sag. The skin was taught and smooth, swollen around the nipples. I let the binoculars bring me up close. It was almost as if I could stick out my tongue and touch her.
Roberto must have spoken again, because Rosa said, "Now you. Take off those shorts. Show us what you have."
Hastily I swung the binoculars back to Roberto. He was already reaching down to pull his shorts over his boots. My gaze traced the curve of his arse as he bent down, following it along his thighs then back up to his arse again.
All too soon he was upright again. And upright he was! The binoculars filled with the sight of hard, veiny meat, pointing towards the sky with a proud and purple head.
I lowered the binoculars to look at it directly. I hadn't seen a cock in so long that it was almost as if it was the first one I'd ever seen.
My mouth was wide open now, my tongue dry. I hastily closed it, working the saliva around. For a moment I pretended that I had that swollen meat in my mouth.
Rosa's voice spoke in my ear again. "Look at that!" she murmured. "A nice cock to suck on. Would you like that?"
I heard Roberto speak a loud affirmative, but I knew she'd been speaking to me.
"And what do you think of this?" she continued. Her thumbs hooked into the waistband of her shorts and I raised the binoculars again. I didn't want to miss anything.
Since when am I interested in seeing another woman get naked?
I watched her slowly slide the material down over her hips, shaking her arse from side to side in a motion that set her boobs jiggling too. Wondered how it would feel to be there, to be in her position. Casually stripping naked, in the open air, before a stranger.
Rosa straightened up and dropped the shorts on the ground. All she was wearing were her high-heeled sandals.
I explored her body through the binoculars, admiring the brown skin of her legs, the plumpness of her thighs, the soft curve of her belly and the swell of her breasts. When I reached her face, I saw that her lips were parted and shiny, as if she'd just licked them. Her eyes were like two smouldering coals.
She glanced my way, and for an instant it was as if we were face to face. Her lips smiled, then she turned back to Roberto. "Do you like what you see? Do you want to fuck me?"
I did. I wanted to run my hands over her naked body, stroke her soft skin, kiss her lips. Feel her warmth press against me, feel Roberto press against me from behind, feel that hard cock between my thighs...
Careful not to lose sight of their naked bodies, I used my free hand to unbutton my trousers and pull them open. Beneath I was wearing a lace jockey. Not new, but nowhere nearly as tatty as last week's.
My bush wasn't a bush anymore either. Like Roberto pruning my garden, I'd carefully trimmed the hairs down to something more manageable, more sightly. They no longer escaped from the sides of my knickers, but stayed obediently within their borders.
A thought occurred to me. I focused the binoculars on Rosa's body, below her stomach. Something trembled inside me when I saw that her black pubes were groomed as neatly as my own. It gave me a sense of connection, as if our matching styles brought us closer together.
My view was blocked as Roberto stepped forward again. His cock pressed against Rosa's stomach, and she reached down to grasp it. "It's hot," she whispered, either for his benefit or for mine.
His hand went between her thighs and she gasped. "Do you feel how wet I am?"
My fingers were in my jockey, sliding down between my legs to feel my own wetness. "Me too," I whispered back. My clit was hard, like a button, eager to be pushed. Eager for my fingers.
Outside, Rosa had let go of Roberto's cock and was guiding him to the apple tree. She leaned her naked back against it and pressed his shoulders until he sank to his knees. "Give me your tongue," she commanded. "Show me what you can do."
Meekly he knelt before her and grasped her arse cheeks with those strong, capable hands. She placed her feet apart and pulled his face against her. Her face turned towards where I was watching. "Do it!"
Roberto's fingers squeezed at her flesh as his jaw began to work. He must have been doing something right, because Rosa smiled. "Good, good..."
"This is so hot," I murmured. "You're so sexy!" I felt a blush creep across my cheeks at my words, at my boldness.
Her smile spread wider. "Do you like it?"
Roberto's head nodded vigorously.
"Is he making you cum?" I whispered.
Rosa gave a tiny nod. "That's it, papi. Keep going, we're nearly there. And then I'll do the same to you. Would you like that?"
Again Roberto nodded, but Rosa was still staring up at me. Then her eyes closed, and she seemed to give all her concentration to what was happening between her legs. Her fingers twined through Roberto's dark curls, so like the hairs on her mound, as she pulled him closer.
I slid a finger between my lips, running it lightly back and forth. The cream of my arousal was leaking out, sticking to the lace of my underwear. It felt sexy, with the material rubbing across my knuckles as I teased my entrance and explored parts of my body that had gone unnoticed for too long.
In my ear Rosa was moaning and grunting. She seemed to be getting close. I drew my finger up to play with my button, eager to arrive at the same time she did. A moan escaped from my lips as I gave a flick, and Rosa's eyes flickered open for a moment to look at me. "Yesss!" she whispered, and I moaned again.
My body was telling me I was nearly there. The muscles in my pussy clenched as I felt the explosion build up inside me. My gasps were wet and throaty, matching Rosa's moans in my ear.
I tried to hold back the flood, but it was impossible. Pleasure crashed through me, exploding outward from between my legs and sending shockwaves through my body.
A moment later Rosa gave a choked grunt. "Si, si... Yes!"
I was leaning with my arm against the window, the binoculars held loosely in my hand. Outside I saw Rosa's naked form jerk and spasm. My fingers rubbed at myself furiously, and with her moans in my ear I tipped over the edge again. "Rosa," I gasped and closed my eyes, "Rosa!"
When I opened my eyes again, Rosa was kneeling on the grass with Roberto. Raising the binoculars with a trembling hand I saw her lick the wetness from his chin. He had a dazed look in his eye, and his cock was poking up between his thighs.
Rosa's fingers slid over his shaft. "Stand," she told him and he rose to his feet, leaning back against the tree like she had before.
I half expected her to tease him, to draw it out and make him beg. Instead, she opened her mouth wide and engulfed that purple head with her lips. She leaned forward, her throat working as more and more of the shaft disappeared into her mouth.
Roberto's hands rested on her head and he began to thrust his hips back and forth. Rosa's muffled grunts in my ear were almost as exciting as her moans had been. I imagined my own lips wrapped around that cock, my tongue swirling around the head as I sucked and sucked.
Awkwardly, using only one hand, I pulled my trousers and jockey down my legs until I could get one foot free. Unfettered now, I spread my legs and gave my fingers free access to my pussy.
First one, then another pressed against my entrance and slid inside. I moaned loudly, without trying to hold it back. "I'm fucking myself with my fingers," I announced.
Rosa gave an answering moan. One hand dropped from Roberto's thigh and began to rub between her legs.
Roberto's legs were trembling, I noticed, and I swept the binoculars up to his face. His mouth was open and his eyes were clenched shut. I could see Rosa's wetness still glistening on his chin. He seemed to be muttering something to himself.
"He's cumming," I whispered. "He's going to cum in your mouth!"
As I spoke, Roberto's body stiffened. Rosa pulled her mouth from his cock and tugged at it with her free hand. The other was still between her legs. From the movement of her arm, I could tell she was rubbing at herself.
Roberto clutched at her head and gave a roar that I could hear from where I was standing. Through the binoculars I saw a spurt of something white shoot out and land on Rosa's face, followed by another.
She opened her mouth and sucked him inside again. His body was shaking, shivering almost. Then Rosa gave a muted cry and her own body stiffened. She let him slip out of her mouth and collapsed onto her side in the grass. Her arse was pointing towards me, and I saw her hand cupped around her pussy, stroking softly. The glistening wetness spread all the way along her crack.
Placing the binoculars on the window sill, I ran my hand down across my stomach, through the short hairs on my mound until I felt my clit peeping out between my lips. I leaned against the window frame and surrendered myself to the pleasure of my fingers.
This time my climax came slow, but hard. It began with a tiny spark that I fanned with my fingers until it blossomed into flame, burning inside me and waiting to explode. I controlled it, shaped it, let it build and build until it burst free, like a star being born, reaching through every inch of my body to set it afire. I bit down hard on my lip to contain my scream, and the pain contrasted sharply with the pleasure until the world around me seemed to go black.
By the time I recovered, Roberto was back at work, carefully pruning one of my roses. Rosa was nowhere in sight. Through the bud in my ear I heard regular breathing.She's fallen asleep!Was I disappointed? Relieved? I wasn't sure.
But I left the phone on and listened to the sounds of her sleeping as I pulled my trousers back up. I left it on as I went downstairs to pour myself another glass of wine. I left it on as I made myself dinner and ate, until the battery on my bud died and the sounds in my ear went silent.
III.
"Rosa!" I answered the phone immediately. I could barely keep the excitement from my voice. "Is he there?"
It was Friday again, and I was pulling into my driveway. I'd managed to get away from work early, if only a few minutes.
In fact, it had been hard to get any work done at all, and I'd had to force myself to stay until the end of the day. Anticipation had been simmering inside me all week. Now it was boiling over.
"He's just arrived, rica." Things with me and Rosa were more comfortable now. She'd come round to the house a few times and we'd shared a bottle of wine. By unspoken agreement neither of us had mentioned Roberto, or what else had gone on. Instead, we'd talked and laughed like old friends. It had felt good.
Leaving the car out in the drive, I slipped into the house, kicking off my shoes as I went. The wine bottle was in the cooler, cork already drawn, glass on the counter. Upstairs, the binoculars were waiting.
Roberto was in the garden, as Rosa had promised. He wasn't sweaty yet, and he was still wearing his shirt. He didn't seem to be doing much work, though. A few snips at the rosebush. Plucking a weed. Mostly he had his eye on the guesthouse.
Rosa noticed it too. "Come on, work up a sweat!" Her voice was like a lover's kiss in my ear. "Tina isn't paying you for nothing."
I couldn't contain a laugh. "You didn't mind distracting him from his work last week."
"All for your benefit, mami, and you know it. And he was working hard then. Not like today."
I giggled and sipped my wine. "Maybe we should go and have a word with him. Tell him off."
There was a moment's silence, then Rosa spoke. "Give him a moment. Maybe he'll develop a conscience and get to work."
I decided to remove my bra while we waited. It was difficult, and in the end I just took off my blouse, tossed aside the bra and pulled the blouse back on. I only did up a few of the buttons, and didn't bother to tuck it into my skirt. My tights followed. They'd only get in the way, and I liked the feel of air gliding along my thighs and up my skirt.
When I was done, Roberto still wasn't sweaty. I felt let down. After a week of anticipating, of wondering how today was going to play out, it left me feeling hollow. The emptiness that had been a constant companion for so long, that I thought I'd evicted these past few weeks, reared its pale head.
"Go and tell him off!" Rosa's voice insisted in my ear.
"What?" Even though I'd suggested it a few minutes earlier, I couldn't picture myself doing it. "No, you go!"
"I can't. If I go, he'll want to fuck me."
"And what's wrong with that?" I felt the emptiness retreating again, driven back by the sense of togetherness. "Don't tell me you don't want him. And I'd like to watch."
"He hasn't earned it today." Rosa's voice was contemptuous. "Expecting me to fuck him just because of last week? No, he's going to have to work for it." Her voice was firm. "Work hard. And you're the boss. Go on, tell him!"
For a moment I hesitated. It wasn't what I'd imagined, but when she phrased it like that... "Boss" was a label I was comfortable with. I took another sip of my wine and put down the binoculars.
"Alright then. I'll tell him to get his arse into gear. Let him get nice and sweaty. And point out that he seemed to have missed some spots last week too."
Rosa gave a hoot of laughter. "Oh no, last week he found all the right spots!"
I fought to keep my face straight as I stepped from the sunroom into the garden. Roberto looked up eagerly before disappointment masked his face. "He was hoping I was you," I muttered.
"Don't worry, chica, once he sees those boobs of yours he'll be just as happy to see you."
I remembered I wasn't wearing a bra, and my boobs were swaying in my silk blouse with every step I took.
Roberto noticed. The disappointment fled from his face, replaced by a charming smile. His dark eyes flashed at me, and his lips spread to reveal even teeth.
"Roberto, isn't it?" I stopped a few feet from him.
His smile slipped a little at my tone. "Yes?"
"You seem to be behind on your work." I gestured towards the wisteria, where a branch was hanging loose. Inside my blouse, I felt my nipples brush against the silk.
Roberto's eyes lingered on my chest before following my hand to the wisteria. "I was about to start on it."
"Start?" I turned my stern boss gaze on him.
Guilt was written across his face. In my ear I heard Rosa hiss with laughter. "Make him sweat!"
I was about to turn away when I spied something glistening on his forehead.Sweat?Whatever it was, it made me stop. Roberto's eyes fixed on the motion in my blouse again.
Suddenly I felt powerful.I have this boy in my grasp!Not because he was working for me, not because I was an experienced woman and he was a callow boy. But because I was a woman and he was mesmerised by my boobs like a small animal confronted with a snake.
I decided to make it count. "Show me what you're going to do today," I said, stepping towards him.
He gave a visible gulp. In my ear Rosa was giggling.
"I- I was going to begin with the weeds," he said, gesturing at the borders. "They're coming through fast."
"Show me," I repeated. I was in control. This boy was putty in my hands.
I followed him to the edge of the lawn and knelt down beside him. My skirt was grasping my arse like a pair of giant hands. My boobs were swinging freely in my blouse as Roberto pointed out a green shoot poking up through the soil beside a small stand of lavender. "See?"
I leaned forward, feeling my left boob press against his arm. He glanced round, but I had my eyes fixed on his hands. I remembered how many buttons of my blouse were undone, and leaned forward a little more.
Rosa hissed in my ear. "His eyes are almost inside your blouse. He's all yours, mami. I told you so!"
She had, and I hadn't believed her. Yet here we were, this gorgeous, confident young man who could have smiled and had a million women, and me, a middle-aged woman who hadn't had sex in almost a year.
That was going to change. In that moment I decided I was going to fuck Roberto. There in the walled garden, just like Rosa had.
I moved my weight forward, brushing across Roberto's body, and breathed in deeply. "I love the smell of lavender." My back pressed against his chest. His warmth seeped through the silk of my blouse and sent a shiver tingling down my spine until it nestled between my legs. "Don't you?"
"Yes." His breath stroked my neck. "It smells... wonderful."
I was very glad I'd freshened up before I left the office.
I put my hand on his bare thigh - it felt good to feel another person's skin under my fingers - and levered myself up. "What else were you planning?"
He looked up at me, and for an instant I pictured myself as Rosa had been: naked, feet apart, those large, dark eyes gazing up from between my legs, meeting my own between the swell of my breasts as his jaw worked and his tongue probed my entrance...
Then he rose to stand beside me. With one hand pressed gently against my lower back he turned me to the apple tree in the middle of the lawn. "I need to work on the branches. It might take time. The wood can be... hard."
In my ear I heard Rosa hoot with laughter. "Oh, he's a naughty one!"
I moved closer to the tree and ran my hand up the smooth bark, seeking out the spot where Rosa had leaned against it. "I like wood," I said. "I like how it feels so firm to the touch."
Behind me I felt Roberto take a step, then his hands were on my waist and his crotch was pressed against my arse. I pushed back, turning my hips slightly to rub the swelling I felt.
"Yes, chica!" Rosa sounded almost incredulous in my ear. "Show him what you want. Take him, there in the garden. I want to see you do it!"
With both my hands on the trunk, I pushed back more firmly. Roberto's hands slid upwards, beneath my blouse. Their touch on my skin was everything I'd imagined: firm, competent, confident. There was some callous on his fingertips, but his palms were soft. A moan slipped out from between my lips.
Sooner than I'd hoped, he was grasping my boobs. Warm and gentle, his hands cupped them, his fingers like the bars of a cage that let my nipples peep out. Then he squeezed and pinched the sensitive flesh.
Pleasure and pain flooded through me, so new yet so familiar. I gasped as Roberto squeezed again and leaned forward over my back. His hard wood pressed rhythmically against my arse. I felt the wetness in my jockey.
Taking one hand from the tree, I reached down and pulled my skirt up above my waist. His face was almost beside mine, his breath warm in my ear. In my other, Rosa was whispering words of encouragement. I turned my face towards Roberto's. "Eat me."
He blinked, hesitated. His cock pressed against me again.
"Later," I whispered, grinding back against him. "First, eat me."
There was still reluctance in his eyes, but he obeyed. I felt his warmth leave my back, felt his hands slip away from my boobs so they swung free again. Then his hot breath was sweeping over the bare skin of my arse.
I hooked one thumb under the waistband of my knickers, and felt him do the same on the other side. The lacy material reluctantly came away and Roberto pulled it down over my thighs until I stepped out of it.
He might have been disappointed that I wasn't going to let him fuck me right away, but he didn't shirk his responsibilities. His hands glided up my legs, stroking my thighs, squeezing them, announcing their imminent arrival at my arse.
Then his breath was between my legs. I leaned against the tree again, bending forward and sticking my arse in the air as high as I could. Rosa was whimpering softly, rhythmically. Knowing that she was fingering herself at the sight aroused me even more.
Roberto's tongue probed at my lips and slid between them. Up and down he went, avoiding my clit but gradually increasing the pressure at my entrance. I found myself whispering under my breath. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
Rosa gave a throaty laugh. "No, lick, lick, lick!"
I almost giggled in reply, but Roberto's lips had finally descended to my button and were sucking at it. Sensations ripped through me, from my pussy to my stomach, down my legs, up to the base of my skull. "Fuck!" This time it was almost a scream. I heard my voice echo around the walled garden.
Roberto must have taken this as encouragement, because his lips and tongue redoubled their efforts. One of those warm hands, rough and soft, slid over my arse and against my entrance. With only the slightest pressure his thumb slipped inside me.
This drew another moan from me. His thumb was as long as my finger, and so much thicker. It carefully explored my inner walls, seeking out the most sensitive spots while his lips sucked my clit in and out, in and out.
A knot of heat flared up deep inside me. My legs trembled as I fought to control it, keep the pressure on, build it up slowly with every motion of Roberto's lips and thumb.
My eyes were squeezed tight shut, my breath was rasping, and in my ear Rosa was whispering encouragement. "Come on, Tina, cum for me, cum for me!"
Her words pushed me to the edge and over. I clamped my mouth shut and held on tight to the apple tree as my body shuddered and spasmed. A shockwave burst through me, exploding outward from where Roberto's tongue caressed my pussy and making purple patches flash before my eyes.
Rosa gave a loud moan too, swiftly followed by a gasp and a series of whimpers. Together we rode the climax, our voices entwined as we fed on each other's pleasure, bite by bite until we were satiated.
Roberto slowed his attentions, letting me recover. By the time he rose to his feet, my breathing was regular again, if deep, and my heart was almost steady.
I clung on to the tree, hauling myself upright by one of its branches. Behind me, Roberto was looking unsure, as if he was wondering what was going to happen now. The bulge in his shorts was enticing, and I recalled that I'd promised we'd fuck. Now that the moment had come, though, it was also intimidating.
It's been so long! Am I ready to let another man - a stranger - inside me?
I remembered how thrilling it had been to hear Rosa's stories of her sexual adventures. Her casual encounters. How I'd wished I could be so bold and uninhibited.Well, now's your chance!The voice in my head sounded remarkably like Rosa's.
Before I could second-guess myself I gestured to Roberto's shorts. "Take them off. We're going to fuck now."
His haste was flattering. He almost stumbled as he pulled the material down past his knees and over his feet. When he rose, his cock was pointing at me. Hard, swollen, shiny.
I turned back to the tree and spread my feet. "Put it inside me!" I instructed. Nerves fought with excitement, and lost. Still leaning on the apple tree with one hand, I reached between my legs with the other and ran my fingers along my labia. They were slick with my arousal and Roberto's saliva.
With finger and thumb I pulled them apart. Roberto moved to stand behind me and ran the head of his cock up and down. It sent shivers along my spine again.
Rosa had gone silent, and a moment later I realised why. She was standing beside us, her long black hair loose, her sensual figure covered by a wide robe that she wore over her yoga trousers and top.
Roberto froze, panic and guilt flashing across his face, but Rosa just grasped his shirt and began to pull it over his head. The bronze skin beneath was slick with sweat now, I was pleased to see.
Rosa stroked his chest, then grasped his cock and guided it up and down my pussy. "Are you ready?" she whispered. With her free hand she stroked my back, almost as if she was soothing the nerves out of me.
I smiled up at her. "Put it in!"
I felt Roberto's head press against my entrance, then push its way inside, stretching me, stretching and filling and thrilling me.
Parts of me deep inside came alive, parts that I'd nearly forgotten existed. I surrendered to the sensation of having a hot cock sliding in and out of me, hearing a man's grunts, feeling his strong hands on my bare arse. Feeling a physical connection to another human being, even if he was a nearly total stranger.Does he even know my name? Does he care?
Rosa knelt down beside me. Her face was close to mine, eyes staring at me. I smiled again. Her presence here with me was comforting. I knew that without her I'd never have done this, and I was grateful to her.
She seemed to sense something of what was going through my mind, because she smiled back, then brought her face even closer and pressed her lips against mine.
Firm and plump and warm, sweet and intoxicating, for a long moment they made me forget about Roberto and his cock. I closed my eyes and let myself feel every inch of my body.
Rosa's lips and tongue. The sun, hot on my back through my blouse. The smooth silk brushing over the sensitive skin of my breasts and nipples. The bark of the apple tree under my palm, smooth and rough like Roberto's hands. The grass tickling my ankles. The slight breeze that caressed my legs like Roberto had a few minutes before.
And the grunts coming from behind me, the hot shaft that was sliding in and out of my pussy like a piston, the head brushing against the nerve endings at my entrance.
Rosa's lips pulled away from mine and I felt her hand slide across my side, down between my legs. With almost expert confidence, she found my clit, two fingers rubbing circles around it. They lit a spark, fanned it into a flame, and in seconds I was shaking as I fought to hold back my climax.
My pussy squeezed tight round Roberto's cock, trying to pull him deeper inside me. He gave a loud moan and when his head passed my entrance again it felt bigger, swollen, that familiar experience of a man about to release.
I exploded in sensations, and I felt Roberto explode inside me too. Every thrust sent another wave of pleasure through me, from my arse along my stomach to my nipples and the base of my skull, wave after wave turning into ripple after ripple until my body was limp, my knees were trembling, and I realised it was Rosa's hands, not the tree, supporting me.
Roberto's motions slowed, and I felt an emptiness as he pulled out. Rosa helped me down onto the grass and stroked my hair as I recovered. My body twitched once, twice, involuntary spasms that filled me with memories of pleasure.
Roberto was still standing. He looked lost, and a bit silly, with his cock dangling before him. It was still half swollen, and I wondered whether Rosa was interested.
But she was pulling the robe from her shoulders to wrap around mine. I struggled to my feet and pulled it over my arms. Roberto's eyes followed our every motion.
"Wine," I managed to say, and Rosa nodded. She began to lead me to the patio.
After two steps I stopped her, and turned back to Roberto.
"You still have about twenty minutes left to work," I told him. The tremble in my voice was as easy to hide now as the tremble in my knees. "Make sure you finish the weeding."
Giggling, our heads together like a pair of schoolgirls, Rosa and I walked away and left him behind. A minute later we were settled on the loungers, sipping wine and watching the half-naked form of Roberto's sweat-covered body.
(Thanks to Devinter for his input and encouragement.)