*all characters mentioned in story are over the age of 18 in both the legal and mental facilities sense of the term.*
----------
Chapter 1: how convenient... too convenient.
The day that Sara realized that she in fact, might actually have mind control powers was the worst day of her 25 years of life so far... okay, maybe not the worst day, most like the worst couple of hours and much of that was more of a crisis of confidence and self worth. Actually, what happened after that quickly made up for it and more...
It was an absolutely normal, mundane day when it started. Like any other day, the sun came up, scattered clouds in the skies, the traffic on the road being a pain in the butt despite the fact that it's only a small town. The first inkling that something was a bit off was during work. Or rather, the times that everyone pretends to work, the lull times of the workday.
"You know, I'm kinda jealous of you." Kevin, the 20 something junior guy, said idly, in the form of casual conversation. He was hanging out next to her cubicle, taking one of his numerous coffee, oh wait, energy drink breaks. Somehow despite the amount of energy drinks he downs on the daily he seemed to always be on the edge of sleep.
"In what sense?" She replied, not really paying attention to the chitchat, as the editing work on her screen has priority, and also because these conversations never amount to anything, and will be forgotten in a few days, where they will be recycled again with the same amount of irrelevancy. It's not that she hates this what amounts to a social ritual, just that she wasn't going to attach any importance to it either...
"That everything seems to go so smoothly for you. Like not even the fake version you see on Instagram or Tiktok." He said, as if that explains everything... which it doesn't, at all.
"For example?" She asked nonchalantly, diverting the barest amount of attention from her work to the conversation. Not that the quality of work will suffer or anything, given how paperwork tends to be a binary result all things considered.
"Well, it's not anything specific you see..." Kevin was at a loss for words. The thoughts sounded a lot better in his head, and he wasn't exactly expected to be called out for it. Yet something inside his head compelled to explain those thoughts to the best of his abilities, instead of the canned changing of the subject he was ready to use in most cases. "It's just a bunch of little things, things that push the boundaries of probability when looking at it in aggregate." There, he said it. Blurting all that gaggle of overly borderline conspiracy shit out. To his surprise, Sara simply nodded, as if starting to really pay attention to what he's saying.
"How would you know that then?" She asked, not unreasonably. "You don't know what my life outside of work is like. Maybe I used all my luck here at work." As the words of the last sentence left her mouth she began to think back on the mundane events of her life. He might be onto something, even if completely accidentally and not based on reality at all.
"Well, even if that's the case, that would imply some sort of- never mind." He shook his head, realizing he was being rather obsessed over what's probably nothing, and probably accidentally making an ass of himself. The frown on Sara's face certainly seemed to imply the latter. "I'm sorry. I must sound crazy."
"It's okay. It's normal as long as it stays inside this building." Sara replied in a deadpan voice. Everyone's a little bit 'out there' and more than a little bit awkward... including herself. She actually turned her head and attention to Kevin to gauge his expression. "That's supposed to be a joke. A lighthearted one." She clarified, after noting Kevin to be in some kind of puzzled thoughts. It doesn't help that due to how small the company is, she's also basically the entire HR... though also due to said small size there wasn't much in the way of actual work either. She was pretty sure the whole thing was more of a legal fig leaf than anything else, and she's kinda glad of that. Keeps the work atmosphere casual and relaxed.
"Oh, right." He finally snapped back to reality after a moment. "Well, I'll stop bothering you now." He said lamely as he turned around and went back to his cubicle.
Sara quickly turned her head back towards the computer screen, but her mind was still elsewhere, chewing on the conversation that just transpired.
What if he has a point? She asked herself. It's absurd, the whole thing about... something about this aura to smooth things over. It just sounds... so petty. Like those overlay complicated contraptions to do simple tasks.
Yet the more she thought about it, dredging up long forgotten memories and hazy recollections, the more that wild theory started to make sense: All the times where she had completely gotten away with things that she shouldn't have, when seemingly last minute desperate wishing for a miracle in her head netted exactly that result. Where attempts to mediate disagreements between her friends not only worked, but worked out exactly in ways she had hoped for. Waiters never messed up her orders, etc. etc.. Okay, so a lot of that could be just a series of improbable coincidences, or maybe those things being far more common than reported, or even her memories being rather selective on what got remembered.
She shook her head, dispelling those idle speculations away for the moment. Supernatural nonsense or not, she still has work to do...
......
Of course, work does not last forever, and the rest of the day went by in a nondescript blur. Only as she walked into the door of her condo and crashed onto her couch did she realize that. That her memories are rather selective in what gets kept, and what gets discarded..
So she's back in square one, again. There doesn't seem to be any way to prove such a thing one way or the other, unless...
She shuddered at the thought. Does she dare? It's ridiculous, nonsensical, even outrageous. And all for something on the back of her mind brought up by some idle workplace chat?
But she does need to know, it matters. More than just some idle trivia, this- if it's true, then that means her life has been a lie: all her achievements, her narrow escapes, her supposed social genius, her-. More than that, it means her very perception of reality is a fraud.
That's a rather tough pill to swallow... if it's all true.
So then, it's risk worth taking? Another voice in the back of her mind, which was quickly countered by a flurry of other, louder voices. Obviously there's a lot of potential consequences, be they physical, mental or social...
But wouldn't it be some excitement regardless? That same little voice countered, not about to just beat a hastily retreat like all the other times. It's a valid point: her life since graduating from college has been monotonous, and her life before that wasn't that much more exciting. It was the specter of those fears that kept her from doing anything really exciting, and even talked her friends out of...
That's it. She has to try something. Do something. She has to know.
She sighed, stretching out a bit.
She'll do something alright. Just have to make up some convenient excuses if/when everything goes wrong. Just like back in the day...
------
"Well, here goes nothing." Sara muttered to herself as her hands twisted the doorknob and opened the front door of her condo. She was dressed in a pair of loafers... and nothing else. Barring of course the handbag, which doesn't count in most cases. Certainly not if a cop catches her...
It was a relatively still night, but her body, long accustomed to the cover of clothing, immediately felt every slight breeze. It's a stark contrast to what she would normally wear. It wasn't as if she hadn't dabbled around with such nudity before, though all the previous times were from the confines of her home.
Actually, that was what brought her to this moment. Since becoming an adult in the eyes of society Sara had an interest in what she later found out to be exhibitionism- no, public nudity. It was less of a need to tease with wardrobe malfunction or whatnot, and rather a desire to be without clothing at all, to have everything out and about rather than pretend hiding them. The contrast of nudity in places where it's not expected, but not in a guilty way... it's all rather muddled, but fetishes tend to be like that.
It was those desires that planted the seeds of ideas in her head while she laid on her couch while thinking of some way to prove her hunch. At first she thought of ordering some delivery and doing the whole nude delivery stunt, but quickly realized that it won't prove anything: those are so common that most delivery people are probably completely unfazed by it, and for them it's probably something expected, if not normal. After all, the cliché is rather mainstream and widely known even outside of the filthy parts of the internet.
Thus the current idea: to drive and fuel up her car at the gas station while nude. It's probably still not that rare of an idea, as her brief search on the internet seemed to have implied that plenty of others have the same thing. But then again, one can't just blindly trust everything on the internet, not to mention everything on there's fake and and-
She shrugged and finally started walking out towards the parking lot to her car. Just standing there overthinking everything wasn't getting anywhere. Belatedly she looked around, seeing if anyone in the vicinity were looking at this fine young lady, with her 5'4'' frame, small but pretty face, shoulder length hair, perky B cup breasts, slightly flabby stomach, a butt that's just the right size for her frame, and tolerably shapely legs. In other words, stats that are by default better than ⅔ of the population in the real world, though less pretty than the vast majority of the photoshopped people on social media.
To her relief, and perhaps a bit of disappointment, that while there were of course plenty of people going on and about, yet none seemed to be paying attention to her specifically. As she walked on she swore that a couple of young men did double takes at her direction, but all seemingly moved on, as if not really believing their eyes that anything's out of the ordinary. To be fair they were some distance away...
Were those the results of something supernatural already working? She promptly swatted the thought away in her head. It's not the time to be grasping at any straws to prove anything.
Then she reached her car, opened the door, got in, buckled in the seatbelt, and started the ignition. All simple and mundane acts, yet felt so different. The feel of the nylon seat on her bare butt, the strap of the seatbelt over her bare skin, the blow of cold air of the AC, which felt a lot stronger than normally, making her nipples hard. All little things, but the taboo-ness of it all still amplified their effects, and it took her some more concentration than usual to drive to the gas station.
Once again, it seemed that fate was teasing her, as she drove up to the gas station it was all but deserted. Good for any normal exhibitionist types, bad for testing out her theory. She pulled up to one of the pumps, turned off the car, and just sat there, letting go of tensions that she didn't realize she had up to that point.
It was not too late to back out. The gas tank is actually around half full, there's plenty of time to do it another time. Or just pay at the pump and get it over with-
No. She quashed those doubts. Backing out of anything has never ended well for anyone doing anything. It's better to get it over with, to put those nagging thoughts to rest.
With a sigh she unbuckled her seatbelt, opened the door, and stepped out. This time the outside air was a bit more familiar, though still somewhat intoxicating. She shook her head, trying to clear her senses. There'll be plenty of opportunities to indulge in her desires if everything works out-
If. It was as if she was already counting on it being real, the supernatural part. The outrageous part. If it turns out to be not real, then it'll be just as easy to slide back into mundaneness and the same old-
She began to walk towards the store part of the gas station. All that overthinking wasn't going to do her any good, just standing around naked like that. Heck, the overthinking was making her forget how it feels to be naked outside. With a surprising confidence she pulled the door of the entrance open and all but waltzed inside. Whatever insecurities on her mind was pushed aside as she thought of confident thoughts. That it's all normal, mundane even.
The first thing that hit her was the AC, which like most places was at full blast and already cold even with clothing on. In her nude state though that chill was amplified, especially to her intimate places. It was a sensation she has mixed feelings about but that can be saved for later...
Then she saw it, as she turned towards the cashier behind the counter, some guy who looked to be still in college, doing part time in the dead hours of the night. There's the expected initial look of caught off guard, and then there was a complete shift to his expression.
"Hello, how can I help you?" He called out in a rather flat voice, as if all was completely normal, and that she was just another ordinary customer. It was almost enough to stop Sara in her tracks.
There might be something afoot after all.
"Is there something amiss about me?" She asked in a fake innocent voice as she did a little twirl, giving him a good all around view of her body. Only after the fact did she realize how brazen she had been, and that the reaction of the cashier before might have been just a coincidence. Or that he's assuming-
There she goes again, with the needless overthinking. That or jumping into conclusions, it seems those were the default options her brain chooses in a panic, or facing the unexpected, or whatever really...
"Well, it's kinda a bit chilly in here to be, um, undressed like that." He said, in a slightly stuttering voice, seemingly appearing rather awkward about the whole thing. There was a hint of something else, though Sara didn't notice at the time.
"Oh, is that so?" Sara asked with fake insincerity, stalling for time more than anything. The whole plan isn't really working out. With a start she realized that she actually has no real frame of reference for what should be the standard behavior of a cashier when some naked girl waltzes in. At least it didn't look like he had called the cops or pressed any silent alarms... At least, she didn't think he did. She'll find that out one way or the other soon enough.
As she gazed downward she noticed the rather large bulge in the cashier's pants. So at least his subconscious is reacting to her state of undress in a more natural way... that gave her an idea.
"That looks rather painful there." She said in an attempted playful tone but ended up sounding more awkward than anything else, pointing at his erection with her hand, while trying to project the thoughts of reassurance, reassurance that nothing bad will happen to him if he just whipped it out... not that she has any idea whether those thoughts were actually being projected, or she's just doing something that's cringe. At least if it was cringe it's all just still literally in her head. Yet somehow, that did little to reassure her. The mind is funny like that.
Then she saw it again, the change of expression on his face, as he seemingly suddenly relaxed about the whole situation. To her surprise he began to unzip his pants, and after a somewhat awkward handful of seconds finally managed to free his member from the now suffocating confines of his underwear. It was a normal specimen, or something like that. Definitely smaller than the ones she saw in pornos and heard about in office gossip... she brushed off those cluttering thoughts, her own mind being her greatest obstacle as usual.
With little hesitation he quickly started stroking his cock, with a fluidity that implied he was rather well experienced with that activity. Seeing such a display in the flesh for the first time, rather than across a screen or in her imagination, was rather intoxicating, and for a while Sara was entranced, her hands even began rubbing her nether regions and twisting her nipples, giving the cashier a show in return.
After what seemed simultaneously to be an pleasurable eternity and all too soon the cashier reached an orgasm, blowing his load all over her as thick ropes of cum landed on her, mostly on her breasts and stomach, though a few splashes her thighs and even her face. The sensation of that, as well as the build up of her own activities, finally pushed her over the edge, and she buckled under the strength of her own orgasm, only being stopped from falling over when she reached for a nearby display shelf.
Still swimming in the afterglow of their semi mutual masturbation display, Sara heard the little ring that announced the opening of the shop's door, and a shocked gasp. Sheer panic and fear gripped her as she turned around she saw a new person who just walked in: a middle aged man, who just has that look of the type of guy who would ramble on about back in his days kind of thing. Definitely not the kind of person to led the sight in front of him to slide. He was staring at the two of them with a slack jaw, but otherwise his expression was not exactly readable. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw the cashier quickly attempting to zip his pants up, making a bigger scene than if he had just done enough.
Her first being to cover herself up with her hands, before realizing how pointless and futile that was. As the moment of panic subsided she quickly dug into her last resort, and hoped beyond hope that the thoughts of normality she thinks she's projecting out of her mind at the older man aren't just her delusions.
The moment of silence seemed to hang in the air forever, and Sara felt the eyes of the world locked onto her. It was finally broken when the older man closed his mouth again, as his eyes wandered around seemingly aimlessly for a bit before focusing on her, and he finally opened his mouth to speak.
"Oh don't mind me." He said, in a slightly slurred speech pattern, almost as if it was pulled out of him. "Just here to buy a few snacks." He said as he already began to shuffle off to one of the aisles.
Sara and the cashier stared at the old man for a long handful of seconds. The cashier was the first to react.
"Did- did he just?" He asked, to no one in particular, as he tried to square the hole of the sequence of incoherent events that just transpired. Sara took the opportunity as she quickly walked towards the doors.
"got to go, see you later." She stammered as she picked up her pace, all but running towards her car. Quickly she got in, turned on the car, and drove home, then bolted out and dashed into the apartment block. Only when she slammed the door of her apartment shut behind her did the events of the night dawned on her.
It was not just some long chain of coincidences, and it was unlikely to be any people skills on her part. Which means that the outrageous notions of mind control might actually be a thing.
It was a lot to take in, and she was tired. Only when she crashed onto her couch did she realize that, although mostly dried by the, some of the cum on her was still enough to make their way onto the couch.
Great, more work. She thought to herself as she was about to doze off... and then remembering that she still hadn't actually fueled up her car, her original excuse for that little outing.
Life has just gotten more complicated.