How did this happen? What led me to this? Why am I standing in the middle of a brightly lit, fully mirrored dressing room inside an upscale lingerie store? And I'm completely naked!
Allowing my physical deficiencies to be seen by anyone other than my wife was something that I never contemplated doing. So it stands to reason that I never imagined voluntarily placing myself in a situation where a near-total stranger would be permitted to manipulate and exploit those shortcomings.
Yet, I had just done those very things.
As my mind busily dissected and digested everything that had just taken place -- and all I had been subjected to -- there was one important detail that escaped my consciousness. Somehow, I failed to notice that the mirrored door had been left open when my tormentor departed. This permitted the reflective stares from other shoppers to focus on me -- and my wilting erection.
Just how long I had been on public display, I didn't know. Was it for only a few seconds? A full minute? Longer?!
However, once it finally registered that still more outsiders could see me and my compromised situation, I was sent into a momentary state of shock.
Several additional seconds passed before regaining my senses and the ability to react. Surrounded by mirrors, hiding was impossible. Closing the door was the only option.
Quickly, I moved towards the doorway. In my haste to reach out for the door handle, I tripped over my own feet, causing me to nearly fall all the way out onto the main sales floor. Catching myself on the door frame stopped the fall. Instead, I was left standing in the middle of the doorway. Now, every single customer had a full and unobstructed view of my nakedness.
Embarrassed by my clumsiness and mortified by my state of undress, somehow, and for whatever reason, as I reached for the door handle, there was a sheepish grin on my face.
Still, awareness that all of these people were seeing the real me, and everything I didn't have to offer, caused my dick to twitch once more.
Yet another shot of white goo was ejected, dangling like a teardrop on the end of a seven-inch elastic string.
Before it could fall to the floor, my left hand swung around, catching it in one swift move, only to bring the cum straight to my lips. This all happened before my right hand had completely closed the door.
Just as the latch caught and the cum had begun sliding down my throat, my mind's eye fixated on something. Someone had been holding up their smartphone, shooting a video, OF ME!
Like embarrassing myself to these random customers wasn't punishment enough. I was about to become world-famous.
What had come over me? Where did this libido-fueled depravity come from? And why had it suddenly become so stimulating to expose my utter lack of endowment to outsiders? Even welcoming the resulting ridicule?
Speaking of which, when had it become so enjoyable to be humiliated for those shortcomings?
Was this the result of some deeply repressed emotional event from my past? Worse still, could it be that all along I've had this previously untapped masochistic streak?
Or, what if, it's simply because my oversized sexual urges have always been held back by my undersized dick? As far back as I can remember, I've had a supercharged sex drive. So why did I have to get shortchanged on the genes necessary for growing a cock to match?
Strictly through my own actions (or inaction), I had left myself open to be... No, correction. For all practical purposes, I volunteered to be exposed, manipulated, and humiliated.
I passively allowed the neighborhood gossip to have me model several pairs of ultra-feminine panties. This was followed by my obediently complying with her directions to masturbate for her. That led to her commanding me to eat the resulting cum from my fingers. When she told me to strip off the panties and suck the residual cum from them, I did that too, without hesitation or reservation.
All of this while she made demeaning comments about my tiny pecker. And I stood there taking it!
Dammit, all! I even enjoyed every submissive minute of it.
And, to think, it was my own wife who had sent me there in the first place. For all, I knew she, along with her co-conspirator, had concocted the entire set of circumstances! Yet, this whole set-up, every last bit of it, only served to intensify my love for her and her sexually devious mind.
As I was getting dressed, that last act of exhibitionism replayed in my mind. And that, along with wondering what would become of that video, was making my dick stiffen up again.
[Really?!?! And so soon too!] Getting another boner so shortly after my last orgasm was such a marvel that it served to distract all thoughts and recriminations over what I had just gone through.
Before tucking my re-awakened boner away, I gave it a few strokes to milk the last dollop of cum out and onto my fingertip. Of course, I then licked it off.
[Mmmm, so good...]
Fully dressed again, I shoved the damp panties into my pocket before exiting the dressing room.
No sooner had I walked up to the sales counter where Kathy -- storekeeper, neighbor, and gossip -- waited to ring up my purchases. As she placed two pairs of stockings into the bag, I slipped the wadded pair out of my pocket and subtly slid them across the counter towards her.
Speaking none too softly, Kathy said, "Ah, yes," while unraveling them. "I was looking for these."
Kathy made a point of holding them up. Somehow there remained traces of cum that, under the overhead spotlights, showed clear as day.
Pretending that nothing was out of the ordinary, incriminating beads of sweat broke out across my brow. I could feel the eyes of every person in the store burning holes through my soul.
With a big-ass grin, Kathy spread them out on the countertop, stain side up, and said, "Since you liked these so much, I picked out six more pairs of the same model."
"But... I was supposed to buy just one pair." I stammered.
"Nonsense. You'll need a different pair for every day of the week. Look, I even picked out a variety of colors for you." My face was burning red. "Unless you'd like them all the same color?"
Arguing the point would only delay my exit. "No. A variety of colors is a good idea," I croaked out.
The embarrassment this conversation created, combined with the fact that most of these people had seen me in all my glory, was oddly intoxicating. That these folks thought I was buying a week's worth of panties for myself was surprisingly thrilling.
Less than 15 minutes after cumming, I had an honest-to-goodness boner poking at the front of my pants. Age-old reflexes had me shoving a hand into my front pocket to mask my arousal. However, nothing I could do would hide the wet spot reappearing on the front of my pants!
Finally, Kathy folded the used pair and placed them into the bag with the others.
While processing my credit card, Kathy told me that she had called my wife. "I told Marie that you were a very diligent shopper and you would be home soon. She told me to tell you that she is almost done, and you had better hurry, or the deal is off."
[Damn! That's right. Marie told me I had to be home by the time she finished her bubble bath.] "Marie also wanted me to tell you that she has a surprise for you."
As Kathy followed me to the door, she told me, "Marie said she is excited to see the surveillance video I have of your show. She invited Bob and me for dinner Wednesday so we can all watch it together. Won't that be fun?"
I couldn't get out of the door and into my car fast enough. Fortunately, I didn't get stopped for speeding as I raced home. I got into the house just as the bathroom door opened. Out came my wife wrapped in her robe.
Like a puppy waiting for a treat, I stood there, breathing heavily, my heart racing while holding out the bag with the stockings and panties. "See if you like what I picked out." Marie took the bag from my hand and peeked inside. A crooked smile came to her face. Suddenly, I realized that I hadn't removed the evidence of my "accident" from the bag in my haste to get home.
[Damn it! I was sworn to refrain from masturbating. Now she'll know that I ejaculated in those panties.]
She reached in and pulled out the top pair of panties. They were still visibly damp, even to me. She drew them to her nose and took a deep breath. Her smile broadened as she said, "Kathy wasn't kidding when she said that you had christened the first pair."
"I'm sorry! It was an accident." I said in a panic of guilt, afraid she would use this as grounds for canceling the plans for the night. "I'll wash them! Right now if you want!"
Ignoring my offer, she said, "Looks to me like you liked them. A lot!"
"I hope you're not angry with me, but you did tell me to try them on." Then I feebly tried to make excuses. "It's all Kathy's fault! Did she tell you that? If she had just left me alone...."
"From what I'm seeing," Marie interrupted, "it doesn't look like you put up much of a fight. From the looks of things, I'd say you did more than just try them on. In fact, I'd say that you had quite a good time wearing panties." I was trying to come up with another excuse when Marie said, "I'm so glad you didn't let me down." That left me dumbfounded. Not only wasn't she mad at me or about what I had done. She seemed glad about it.
Just then, I became concerned that Megan might overhear all of this. Hell. What if she were to walk in on us? When I inquired about our daughter's whereabouts, Marie told me she and a couple of her friends had gone to the movies, and Tammy's mother would be dropping her off afterward.
Never letting go of those panties, she turned and headed to the bedroom with me hot on her heels. She stopped at the foot of the bed and said, "You know, laying in the tub for so long gave me plenty of time to think of the possibilities for tonight. In other words, I'm really horny!" She turned towards me and asked, "Are you ready for your first surprise?"
I didn't even have a chance to answer when she opened her robe. Even though my wife has a beautiful body, my eyes immediately were drawn to her vagina. It was shaved clean of all pubic hair. "Do you like?" she asked. I just smiled foolishly. "I wanted to do something special for my lover tonight. And it makes me feel so naughty and sexy. I'm getting all wet inside." She lay back on the bed and spread her legs. "I need you to lick my pussy while I think about the nice, long, thick, hard cock I'm going to let fuck me tonight."
No second invitation was needed. I dove in tongue first. Wet she was. My tongue slid into her bald snatch effortlessly. No sifting and weaving through thick curly hair, but right to the heart of my obsession.
[How about that! She never shaved her cunt for me, her husband. But for a man she hasn't even met yet, she shaves herself clean for him.]
Marie was indeed very hot, and her juices flowed freely. That didn't prevent her from starting up again, "Kathy said you were an excellent shopper and modeled several styles to make sure you had just the right type and style. She said you looked quite cute in the panties. That they were perfect for such a small penis ... by showing everything that wasn't there to show," said through restrained chuckles.
[Ouch! That smarts.] Still, I rimmed her asshole for a few minutes before returning to suck on her clit. The entire time images of my reflection in the mirrored dressing room raced through my brain. Even I had to admit that those see-thru panties had made me look sexy. Marie continued, "So, did you like showing another woman your little pee-pee?"
[Little PEE-PEE? My penis hadn't been called that since I was being potty trained.]
"I guess I'm holding the evidence right here." She took another whiff of the panties. "I can still smell your cum in these. Kathy said that even though you almost fell when you ejaculated, you were careful to catch your mess in your hand and then swallow it. Just like a good cum slut."
[Now I'm a cum slut?! Hmm. Well, on that count, she may be right. Maybe I am.]
"It excited you to wear sexy panties, didn't you?" Licking Marie's snatch up and down, I nodded yes. "You liked masturbating your little pee-pee while someone was watching, didn't you?" Swabbing her pussy's full length, I nodded yes again.
"Do you want to stop licking my pussy?" I moved my head and tongue side to side. "So, Jeff. You like eating cum, is that right?" My mind was a mishmash of thoughts and images. But, yes. I had enjoyed the taste of my cum. Following suit, I nodded yes. "Do you wish my pussy was full of cum?" With a moan thrown in for emphasis. I continued licking up and down.
"Wouldn't you rather I stayed home tonight?" An unmistakable but muffled 'uh uhh' could easily be heard while I sharply turned my head from left to right. "So you want me to go out and get fucked tonight?" 'Yes,' I nodded. "By a little dick like yours?" 'No,' I signaled. "You want him to have a BIG, FAT, COCK?" Marie emphasized each word. I moaned as I emphatically signaled yes with my head and tongue.
"Should I make him pull out before he cums?" I motioned side to side. "So, you want a strange man to fill your wife with his sperm?" I couldn't help but let out a deep moan of approval as I demonstrated with my tongue how I would scoop out anything I could from her snatch.
Marie was really getting close now as she was humping her whole torso up and down on my face. "Now, that's it. Keep licking my hot pussy. Show me how much you want me to fuck lots of big studs. You want that for me, don't you?" My face and tongue flew at warp speed, moving up and down, from anus to clit and back again. I swabbed the entire length of her split, always making sure to nip on her clit with each pass. "Oh, yeah! Up and down Yes! Yes!" She was so close to cumming, but still, I felt as though she was holding back. Like there was some other motive behind this game.
I've got a deal for you. You can stop licking right now, and we'll call the whole thing off. Of course, that will leave me very horny and frustrated. But you'll be off the hook, and we'll go back to the way things were before. And by 'before,' I mean six months ago, before."
Well, I most assuredly didn't want that!
"Of course, that would be after I stop being pissed off at you for starting this whole thing in the first place. Do you understand?" I certainly did.
"Okay. Well, since you are still doing your best to get me off, how about a contract between us? If you keep this up and make me cum, then you are taking a vow to give me what I want and need." This sounded kinky. "Nod your head up and down, if you understand?" Did I ever. I never broke my rhythm.
"Okay. So here goes. Last chance, so think fast. If you make me cum then there is no backing out. Okay? But in return, I'll promise to make you the happiest little cuckold in the world. Is it a deal?"
I'm thinking to myself, [Come on! What do you think? Just stop asking questions, and let me get you off.]
"You haven't stopped, so I'm guessing that you want me to cum, don't you? You'll keep my pussy happy, won't you? You will, won't you? You'd give me anything I wanted, wouldn't you? You want me to fuck around, don't you? Prove it! Show me that from now on, you want me to have lots of big cocks.
[I'll show her how serious I am.] Using my nose to massage her clit, I stuck my tongue into her gaping snatch as deeply as I could and sucked with all my might. By the sounds Marie emitted, I know she understood my meaning. To further signal my lust for her while re-enforcing my desire for her to, as she said, 'fuck around,' I lifted her legs and, using my tongue, began deeply probing her rectum while my nose shallow fucked her pussy. Marie almost lost it right then and there.
Still, for some reason, she held it together, blocking her own orgasm.
Well, if that's the way she wants it, I wasn't about to miss any more of her copious juices. Returning her legs to the mattress, I resumed feverishly licking the entirety of her split. By hook or by crook, I would give my wife the earthshaking orgasm she so richly deserved.
Yet, no matter how much effort I put into it and how many tricks I used, she continued to hold back, but why? [What more does she need from me?] I was about to find out.
"If I chose to, you'd let me pee on you, and you'd drink my urine, wouldn't you? How about drinking my menstrual blood if I told you to? Would you do that?" Both happened to be secret fantasies of mine. Aside from another moan rising from within me, there was no deviation in my sucking and licking.
"Just so you're sure. By making me cum it means that you are willing to share your wife with other men. You would forgo fucking your own wife just so she can have a bunch of strange men sticking their big cocks into my pussy instead of you? Is that what you want? Because if that happens, your wife's pussy will be getting filled with lots of hot, thick, sticky sperm. You better decide quickly, because I'm ready to peak. Once you make me cum, you can count on regularly finding your wife used and dripping with cum.
"You'd do anything I told you, wouldn't you?" She almost didn't get that last question out before shouting, "OH GOD! I'm so close. DON'T STOP!"
I had no intention of stopping. "That's right. Prove it. I dare you. Prove to me that you are a twisted little fucker who wants to be my cuckold."
I was too busy to say it out loud, but my inner voice was shouting [That's what I have been daring you to do all along! I'll give you the proof you want.] My tongue and lips had never moved so fast and urgently before.
But no matter what I did, Marie continued to test my dedication to making this a reality. "Will you be my cuckold? Will you help me get ready for my dates? Will you help find hung men to fuck me?" My dick pulsed with thoughts of helping my wife hunt down her prey.
Marie kept up her taunts. "Will you wait for me and comfort me after I've been fucked by real men? Will you use your talented tongue to soothe my stretched and abused pussy while swallowing every creamy drop left inside me?" Each question was enthusiastically answered with the forceful motions of my tongue. Up and down, up and down.
Then Marie hit me with a question I hadn't expected. "Does thinking about another man's potent sperm filling my womb excite you?"
There it was again. For the third time since getting between my wife's legs. Instead of using words like cum or semen, she said sperm. Choosing to use that word and the tone in which she said it sounded more deliberate than ever before. Of course, using that word had serious implications. Prefacing it with "potent" and following up with "womb" strongly implied my wife's awareness of the distinct possibility any one of these eventual random hook-ups could result in her getting knocked up. The notion of that possibly occurring struck a nerve deep within me, giving me chills.
When Marie next asked, "When I come home, will you lick and suck my slutty pussy after I've been properly fucked and filled with their baby batter?" That pretty much settled it. [Oh god! I don't think she's kidding. Is she really going to take that chance?] An involuntary guttural moan emanated from deep within me and filled the room.
[Hot DAMN! Is Marie just playing with me? Or is my wife actually contemplating allowing herself to get pregnant with a stranger's baby?] Either way, this was a kinky side of Marie had never shown before. Inexplicably, my lust for her shot up to all new heights.
For my wife to offer up her fertile womb to a complete stranger was so utterly outrageous! And, as many of our friends knew I had been surgically sterilized, a pregnancy would be an in-your-face advertisement of her extramarital activities. My sticking by her side would signal my acceptance of it.
Without a doubt, I was completely and utterly under her spell. And at this point, I'd have agreed to anything, just so my wonderful wife could express her true wanton ways.
However much effort I had been exhibited up to that point was instantly doubled. I was so intoxicated by my wife's fragrance and obsessed with giving her the biggest and best orgasm of her life, I'd have promised anything. I gave her clit quick, short, hard strokes.
Deep within my brain, I heard Marie's voice, but my focus was elsewhere. She continued asking questions while grinding herself on my face. "Will you be my piss drinking, cum sucking slave and wear panties from now on? Do you promise me all of it? Prove that you mean it.
Just then, my mouth filled with short but intensely powerful steaming hot piss. My eyes looked up at her in surprise. But when I didn't back away or even allow a single drop to escape, Marie smiled. "You are such a pervert." I swallowed and thanked her.
She released several more short bursts of piss into my mouth, which I gleefully swallowed. "That's it. Drink from my fountain. Quench your thirst with my golden waters." [Oh, I will. Anytime you say.]
As I was having no difficulty keeping up with short bursts, she went ahead, releasing the last of her bladder in one continuous stream. Finally, having one of my greatest fantasies fulfilled all in the name of servicing my wife in such a demeaning manner had me quivering with delight.
Swallowing as quickly as I could, my belly rapidly filled with my wickedly sexy wife's urine. Just as my first taste of cum had proven, I instantly knew that drinking Marie's pee was something to be enjoyed, even craved. Doing it because it was in service to my wife made it all that much more desirable.
No sooner had the flow subsided when Marie said, "Okay, you sick fuck. I think you made your point. Sign the contract! Make me cum the only way that you can." Her words were of disdain, but I heard undertones of love in her voice.
In a flash, I resumed vigorously licking. "Faster! Harder! I dare you to seal the deal! OH YEAH! HERE IT COMES!"
"OH BABY, promise to be my pee drinking, cum loving, panty wearing cuckold. Oh yes, you're making me CUMMM!!!" she shouted as she started shaking and convulsing. "OOOOW!!!" This was immediately followed by screaming and groaning. "AAARG!!! OH, OH, OH, OH!" I kept my lips locked on her clit as her pelvis vibrated, spraying my chin with her sweet cum. She kept cumming and moaning.
Between those moans, the last distinguishable words my wife managed to get out made my heart swell. "I ... mmmm ... LOVE ... mmmm ... YOU!"
Without warning, she pushed and kicked me away, causing me to fall to the floor. "No more! I can't take anymore," she panted.
I had landed on my ass, bringing me back to my senses.
Still, in shock as to what had just happened, I tried recalling everything I had just committed to. Was that really me who just promised to unconditionally SHARE my wife? Not with just one man, this one time. But sharing her with MANY men. From now on. And all before even resolving the issue of birth control?
As she lay there still breathing heavily, she managed to say, "You won't be disappointed. I promise to take lots of big cocks for me and get loads of hot cum for you."
While my internal questions still echoed throughout my brain, hearing my wife say that made my heart do a somersault.
Seated on the floor with my arms bracing my torso, the tent in my pants stood prominently right in my line of sight. My dick was as hard as ever, and the wet spot of pre-cum had grown to the size of a dinner plate.
All those years of fantasizing about my wife taking a lover to relive her past. Always hoping that just once, her pussy would be stretched by a full-sized cock, as it had been before marrying me. And for all of those years, Marie had refused to even consider fulfilling my wish.
Now, just look at the complete turnabout in her attitude. Suddenly, she not only desires to have a big cock fuck her. She wants to be fucked often and by a variety of men.
Secretly I both cursed and thanked my little pecker for getting me into this situation. Now my wife not only wants what I have wanted for her, but she also wants to offer herself to lots of men. This is far more than I ever dreamed of. I didn't even know that I wanted my wife to be fucked by multiple men.
But, you know what, even I have been turned around on this. It turns out that I do want the same things my wife wants. I want her to experience lots of men and their different ways of making love. In her doing so, I will become her contented cuckold husband. I will find comfort knowing that someone is satisfying my wife's sexual needs. I am eager and excited to have the opportunity to be there for her when she returns home, to shower her with my love. Snuggling, reassuring, and soothing any and all discomfort.
Knowing now that all this time she had wanted these same things made my pulse race. Realizing that she saw traits in me, I hadn't known existed. Yet, she always had and would continue to love me for who I am. All while desiring the things that I couldn't provide.
We looked into each other's eyes and knew we had just formed an even stronger bond with one another. I must have been wearing a big shit-eating grin because she gave me a tired but very content smile.
Rising from the floor, I crawled up next to her. We kissed and gave each other a big hug while whispering "I love you" to each other.
So wrapped up in these emotions, I began undoing my pants. The desire to make love to this amazing woman was overpowering.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?!" she snapped. "I hope you don't think you're putting that little thing in me now. You'll just spunk me up in a few strokes. My date wouldn't like finding your wimpy jizz down there. I want to be clean and cum free for my date."
It immediately hit me that this was our new reality. Our marital relationship and sexual relations had just turned a corner.
Marie was only just beginning to adjust to her new role. And she was about to put me into mine.

-- End of Part 5 --