A few years ago, i was allowed to serve as a domestic servant for an amazing couple who live near Los Angeles. This is the story of what happened that weekend.
Before i flew out to LA, Master Damien instructed me to purchase a very nice hand-made humbler online, and to have it shipped to His home. i was also required to purchase some frilly pink panties and matching socks. As instructed, i texted from the airport to let Him know i was on my way. There were several tasks i had to perform, such as stripping completely naked in a bathroom stall at a gas station on the way and sending pictures of myself in the panties.
When i arrived in the neighborhood of my Hosts, i was told to leave my rental car and wait in a parking lot while masturbating, and that i had to be hard when They arrived. This proved very difficult as They took a long time, but it made me very nervous and ensured that i was already in trouble before i even met Them!
Master Damien arrived with Ms Diane, who was his submissive at the time but who would of course be my Mistress for the weekend. They bundled me into their car and blindfolded me. As soon as we were driving, ordered me to strip down to my frilly panties. We soon arrived at Their home and i was pushed out of the car. Worse, Ms. Diane pulled my panties down so that i was naked in the open driveway. She then pushed me toward the house but i had to hobble along naked with my pink panties around my ankles!
Once i was inside, They took off my blindfold and explained that i would be cleaning The house all weekend while They relaxed. They told me to begin in the kitchen, which hadn't been cleaned in quite some time.
i began by doing the dishes, and then sweeping the floor. As i worked, Master Damien occasionally came in and pulled down my panties, or pulled them back up. He also took pictures of me in my toil. After sweeping and picking up, i began to scrub the floor with a bristly brush and a bucket. The floor cleanser was caustic, so i was allowed to wear rubber gloves.
Sometime that afternoon, the doorbell rang. Master Damien told me to open it and greet whoever was there. This was extremely humiliating as i was dressed only in panties and pink socks, and still had rubber gloves on from scrubbing the floor.
i opened the door to find my Hosts' neighbor, who had come by while walking her dog. She seemed almost as shocked as i was to see me dressed like that, but maybe Master Damien and Ms. Diane frequently had nearly-naked servants because She simply ignored me and talked casually with my Hosts for a few minutes.
After i finished with the kitchen, i was told to go clean the bathroom. i worked on my knees, scrubbing the floors and fixtures, and all around the base of the toilet. As i labored, Master Damien took Ms. Diane into the bedroom immediately adjacent. He spanked Her very hard and She cried out at each stroke. Then i heard Him fucking Her roughly until She literally begged Him to be allowed to cum. He assented and She had a loud and apparently very satisfying orgasm. It was very frustrating to scrub Their toilet while They enjoyed One Another so happily in the next room!
Next, i had to kneel and present my ass to my Hosts with my chest on the floor. Master Damien fastened the humbler onto my scrotum, and tightened it up. Then he inserted a large finger of ginger root into my asshole!
The humbler didn't really hurt very much unless i tried to stand vertically, in which case it would pull very hard on my balls. It just keeps me from standing proud - it kept me humble. The ginger began to irritate almost immediately, and made sure i remembered my place. Master Damien sent me downstairs to do some more cleaning while wearing the humbler and carrying my ginger butt plug.
That evening, i took my Hosts out to dinner at a nice Thai restaurant. Then they took me home and dressed me in a French Maid's outfit and very high heels. Ms. Diane spent some time teaching to walk properly in heels, which i had never done before. She made sure i could look sexy and sashay my hips, so that i might attract the attention of men who would look at me.
Afterward, we drove into the City to a huge BDSM party. This was just incredible, and my Hosts paraded me throughout the party, introducing me to many of Their friends. Once we settled in, Master Damien tied me up with amazing Shibari rope technique, and i was relegated to be a display for passers-by.
Eventually, i was freed from the bondage. Ms. Diane instructed me to find somebody at the party who would be willing to write SLUT in red lipstick across my upper back. This took a while, but i did eventually find a willing graffitist. Then a mean Domme came by and asked my Hosts if She could trample me with Her stiletto heels. They all laughed and placed me in position, and the mean Lady walked over my supper back and ground Her heels into my flesh.
In the morning, i was up early to make a lovely breakfast for Master Damien and Ms. Diane, which i served naked to them in their bed.
Later that day, i was blindfolded and taken to Ms. Diane, to brush Her lovely long hair. And wash Her feet She talked sweetly to me, almost as if She was seducing me. She is incredibly lovely, and it made me feel very conflicted to be so intimate with Her because we were both naked. Of course this was Master Damien's devious torture, to remind me of my subbie place in His household.