Taking the bull by the horns Matty makes a lasting impression on Agent Miranda Wright. Maria? She only needed her stuffed giraffe.
*****
"Holy fuck! He really did send a limo."
Outside her apartment complex a ravishing Miranda Wright stood in awe of an awaiting stretch limo with a dashing driver holding her door open, sign held up for identities sake saying, "Ugonovich." She knew instantly it was for her. It was the made up name she concocted to make conversation with Matthew Barnett. "I wonder if he knows Ugonovich was off the top of my head?"
As she approached the driver flipped his sign over to let her read the opposite side. "No chaps, no ride." Shaking her head at the driver she took a deep breath and lifted her skirt up to share the fact that she did indeed wear her crotch less chaps, only concealed by a beautiful black dress with tons of cleavage. While it certainly looked awkward in appearance to cover such a gaudy piece of clothing with a stretchy style dress it gave her security against the rest of the world seeing too much of her beautiful body.
The driver took a cell pic of her freshly shaved snatch and sent it to Matthew. She was forced to wait fidgeting for his reply. "Wait! I might as well flip my own sign." Turning around the driver took a second photo of an outrageously perfect bare ass. "That even turned my head." She sighed. As she heard the cell ping she returned to face the handsome driver in black. Her heart was beating a hundred miles a minute. "I feel like I'm remaking the movie Pretty Woman." Her thoughts only.
"You may enter Miss Wright."
"About time. You going to be able to keep your eyes on the road?"
"No problem."
"What about your hands off that erection?"
"No promises." He chuckled.
"You start swerving in traffic, you do realize I can write you a ticket."
"And I can share my photo with the FBI."
"Ah! I see how it is. Weave away just don't kill me."
"Welcome aboard Miss Wright." He smiled with a warm sincerity.
"Glad to be here...?" She fished for a name.
"Daytona. Joe Daytona. I'm very serious."
"Ummm k! Floor it Joe."
"Four on the floor Ma'am." Studying his crotch as he closed her door she just knew he had more than four to hit that floor. She found it amusing.
"Let's hope Matthew Barnett thinks the same way." She wiggles her eyes. She was determined to be on her hands and knees with Matty behind her all the way. Fingers crossed, just not her legs.
********
"Play with me Tyson."
"Busy." Tyson Barnett was on his phone dealing with the Longhorn Ranch part of his life. Maria dogged his heels all the way to his bedroom, he shutting the door to keep her out. Stomping her foot with a hum and a pout she wasted no time in going to Jacob's room. Entering quietly she found him passed out asleep. Tiptoeing to his side she stood over him just staring, uncertain if she should wake him up. She did not really like being spanked and he was prone to doing so. After two minutes of just fidgeting over him he opened one eye sensing her there.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm lonely."
"I'm not. Go away."
"Jaaaaaaaaaaccccoooooob?" She whined.
"Never gonna be a woman if you can't listen to a man. I said take that sweet ass on out of my bedroom and let me sleep."
"Ooookay!" She whimpered and turned away. As she did she shook her booty at him hoping he might change his mind. Slyly peeking over her shoulder she realized he had rolled over facing the other way. "Pooh!" Off she went. Roaming the halls she knew Wiley was off on some errand, business with the Owner of the strip club he was purchasing. Matty was on a date although she didn't know that part. That only left Owen wherever he was, even Highbone had retired for the evening after fixing everyone still at home their dinner and cleaning up after them. Again Maria only ate a salad.
In her thoughts she spoke in lesser terms but it summed up to, "This is bullshit!"
After searching high and low for Owen, he not being in his bedroom, nor the gym where he traditionally worked out she gave up and went back to her bedroom. Pausing at her TV screen she used a fingernail to tap it. "Aunt Harriet? Are you here?" Nothing! That only left one person that she knew would always be there for her. "It's just you and me Largo." Her stuffed giraffe was always faithful.
Laying in bed she held Largo, suffering her hormonal urges, tossing and turning in bed to find no position comfortable. Sighing she spotted her toy box in the corner of her room. She had not touched it since the Huge Bee brought it to her from Heaven. So Aunt Harriet told her that is, for now she was content to believe in it. Setting Largo aside on her secondary pillow she patted it, "I'll be right back Largo."
Crawling out of bed and adjusting her Coyote tail butt plug from clinging between her thighs she procured her box and carried it to the foot of her bed. Resting it there she dug out the few toys given to her. Finding the dildo still in it's package although broken open for easy access she read the package. "Silicone. That must be its name. Hello Silly Cone."
Pulling it free of the package she stroked the girth and length of the toy as if she would one of her brothers. "I bet you don't have to deal with the white devil." She looked at the crown's tip not finding an opening of urethra for any form of escape. "But, I want the white stuff." Pouting she looked through the box and found a bottle of lube that was white, coconut flavored to be precise. "I can use this." She was smarter than she let on in her improv.
Ignoring the rest of her presents she set the box on the floor and took Silly Cone and Mister Milky as she referred to the lube back to bed with her. Laying back next to Largo with her own pillow propped up for comfort she paused, "You can watch me play Largo." With the stuffed animals droll expression essentially saying, "If I have to." she set about trying to use the toy. Accidently triggering the vibration mode it wiggled in her hand. She admired it with awe then shut it off. "You must be in a big hurry to wet hump me...I mean fuck me." She was still adapting to what her brothers called it.
Being wet her initial insertion was still tight, and for her she had never really put anything up inside herself on her own, outside of a finger. A learning experience that she managed very slowly. Too tight to accommodate Silly Cone she pouted then eyed the lube. She knew her brothers used lube sparingly on occasion and opened the bottle. Dabbing a tiny droplet on her finger she rolled it between said finger and her thumb.
"This is really slippery." She got the idea fast. Dabbing more on her hand she greased up Silly Cone then around her succulent pink tunnel. Vigorous rubs sent shockwaves through her hormonal state. Eyes flaring she just had to try again. Placing the tip of the dildo to her pussy she nudged it in with two hands now. The rest as they say was history. Maria Blanco used both hands for the next few hours. Silly Cone kept her quite...active. Largo? In her writhing he fell head first between pillows and hid his eyes.
********
The medium sized town of Fortuna Texas, population...restaurant workers.
"So this is the famous Fortuna 500."
Miranda Wright peered out her limo's window as Joe Daytona pulled up to the Valet parking circle. She noted the parking lot was packed which meant Matthew Barnett must have had connections to get a table on such a busy night. It was a Friday so it made sense people would want to dine out and relax, yet out in the middle of nowhere? Parking, Joe got out and stepped around to open her door. Of course, a Valet attendant merely watched knowing he was not needed to park the limo. As she got out she overlooked her dresses short skirt and both Joe and the Valet caught a glimpse of her pussy. She trembled knowing they had, even though Joe had already seen it, still the Valet himself was pretty darned studly. Texans were usually bred that way.
"It's been a pleasure driving you Miss Wright." Joe closed the door as she stood up in her boots to tug her skirt down over evident butt cheeks.
"Thanks Joey." She winked. "Will I be riding again?"
"I hope so." He winked back.
Masking a blush well she got extremely wet at their chemistry. If this was how Matthew Barnett thought of foreplay she was all in. Even the Valet whistled at her then added, "Paid to do that." She shared another wink with Valet Vince then proceeded toward the restaurant. A man at the door opened it and allowed her in. She began to take off her Stetson but he paused her, "You can leave your hat on."
"Wasn't that a song?" She giggled. The middle aged man smiled that she was correct by saying, "Joe Cocker." The merest mention of cock she held her breath. Entering further a Hispanic hostess met her, dressed in a frilly ball gown style outfit. Music was playing in the background as the hostess escorted her out into the dining area.
Symphony style music just did not quite fit the atmosphere but she didn't truly care. Once capturing a good look at the clientele she realized something. The male to female ratio was 90/10. She paused slightly knowing that she was definitely going to be a center of attention. "Agent like." She could not stop grinning, her eyes sparkling like diamonds in the buff.
Leading her amongst them she heard more tender whistles from men. Even women smiled vibrantly at her. She was lost in ego suddenly until she met the man of the hour. In a table off to his own near the dance floor awaited Matthew Barnett. Seeing her arrive he gallantly stood up donned in all black. Her breath still held was now bordering hyperventilation.
"Look at you..." She spoke almost shyly, "all Girth...I mean Garth Brooks."
"Big fan. I have him on speed dial if you wanna say hello."
"You don't." She winced. He revealed his cell and showed her his phone number. "Damn boy!"
"You look lovely Miranda. Almost Carrie Underwood."
"Sweet of you Matthew. Do you have her on speed dial too?" He showed her a number that was good enough legit. "You make grand impressions I'll give you that."
"So...are we going to admit this is a date?"
"Yeah...I think so."
"Against FBI policy."
"Somehow I don't think you worry about that."
"Money shuts down policies." He pulls a chair out for her like a gentleman, as she seats herself less like a lady just for him, well, and the ogling men around her getting a good look at her thighs in transition. Matty was impressed by her unexpected exhibitionist tendencies, he knew what she was really like. Being a Profiler gave him a deep rooted insight. As he carefully nudges her chair forward he leans in to whisper, "They're eating you up."
"Is that an observation?"
"Nope! A promise." He grins then returns to his seat. Her eyes were unable to blink at his revelation. She wanted to question his answer but just closed down.
"I have to admit, wearing ass less...crotch less chaps is rather liberating. I must look a sight, though my dress is kind of poufy along my hips due to the chaps."
"I doubt any fella here minds."
"Am I...here for you or them?"
"You wanted this meet. Are we here to discuss a cold case?"
"No. That was an excuse, but you knew that."
"Just like I know there was never any Ivan and Trudy Ugonovich."
"I knew you looked them up." She giggled. "You can't say I didn't make an impression on you."
"Only the one making my jeans tighten up."
"Why did I not notice that when you seated me?"
"Because you were more interested in being the filet mignon in the room."
"Sorry!" She grit her pearly whites, "Not used to..."
"Don't!" He shook his head gently.
"Don't what?"
"While I know you're a damned good FBI Agent Miranda, I also know your past."
"If you do, then you also know even though I had a rough childhood I turned out alright. My academy scores speak volume."
"Quantico only produces talents in the field of investigation. Your talents go deeper."
"Damn! Dig me a grave why don't you."
"No burials. I prefer you on top of the ground. How many of your instructors did you sleep with?"
"Who slept?" She smirked shaking her head. "All of them. Women included."
"Nice! Chances are I tapped some of those women instructors myself."
"So I hear, and it wasn't even money that bought their time."
"I don't normally abuse my financial status to get places in life. My Daddy taught me to stand on my own."
"Oscar Barnett, eighteenth richest oil man in Texas. Cattle baron. Former Naval Officer to prove himself to his own Father."
"You've done your homework too."
Before another word could exchange their Waiter appeared. Matty held a single finger up and ordered for the both of them. She let him, "Bottle of Chardonnay, go old school. Two sirloin steaks one medium rare the other gently toasty. Baked potatoes, green beans, add bacon." The waiter jotted his menu items with a swift reply of, "Thank you, Sir." He then peered at Miranda, "You look lovely Ma'am."
"Even more lovely once she relaxes." Matty winked. The waiter took his word for it and returned to the kitchen.
"You know I'm a fan of Chardonnay."
"Anything with Hardon in the name I'd say."
"Oh that's just so wr...ight!" She laughed. "Damn, you're a clever one."
"Just like I know you're a meat lover. Rare and tender."
"Not too...tender. I like a nice thick...are we talking steaks?"
"I was." He chuckled, "You? Not even close."
"Fuck! So, let me ask...what was the most intense sexual thing I did while at Quantico?"
"Gangbanging thirteen guys in the mess hall after hours."
"Left the mess hall...messy." She giggled.
"Bull."
"What? It's true."
"Bull."
She shrugs at his persistence, "I'm not lying about anything."
"Ever again. Bull." He points behind her forcing her to turn sideways in her seat, again offering a good seven men who were dining a view up her skirt. Napkins were sorely needed.
"Ohhhhhhh! Mechanical bull." She chuckled, "It seems so out of place in here."
"It's because I had it brought in just for you."
"Instead of flowers?"
"I'm not the flower giving kind of Cowboy."
"Good! Too intimate."
"That and I don't like peeling rose petals out of my ass cheeks after the romantic shit ends."
"Exactly, but I do enjoy rosy cheeks."
"Noted."
"So...am I riding the bull after dinner?"
"Which one?"
"Mmmm! The Longhorn kicks up dust."
"Family trait."
"So tell me about your family. You mentioned your Dad just remarried. New sister right?"
"Still getting used to that part. Been all boys in the house before now."
"None of you got married?"
"Not discussing relationships."
"Okay! How old is this new sister?"
"Barely eighteen. Naïve as all get out."
"Awww! Big brothers there to teach her, I'm sure she's going to mature fast."
"When we have time. We all work day jobs. Biggest issue is she's not from the U.S. so she's adapting to the culture shock. Her and her Momma hail from Colombia."
"Oooo! Beautiful women down that way."
"They're two of the finest. My Daddy snapped 'em up real fast. Caught all us boys off guard him getting hitched and not tellin' us, not even any real wedding to go to."
"Maybe you can talk your Father into a proper wedding."
"Ehhh? Maybe! He can be stubborn as a bull."
"I hope I'm not riding him too." She chuckles.
"Why would you even..." He acts all weird over it then smirks just as fast, "...that's 'tween you and him."
"Wow! I was joking. Although, if there's no serious attachments between you and I...I might be open to that." She razzes him with her tongue.
"Even if there was I'd be fine by it."
"You...share with your Father?"
"Not yet! But, I'm openminded."
"Where have you been all my life?" She holds her chest as if her heart fluttering.
"Let's see how this here first date plays out..."
"Let's just think of tonight...not tomorrow."
"Yup!"
The waiter returns with their Chardonnay and elegantly pours two wine glasses for each of them then excuses himself, leaving the bottle. Once alone Matty raises his glass for a toast. She smiles brightly and joins him.
"To bottomless chaps and the fine Chaps enjoying the view."
"How British of you. Let me guess, you have the Royal's on speed dial too."
"Only Harry, but since he moved out I'm kinda laying low."
"Awww! Afraid you might try stealing Meaghan?"
"Naaa! But I do admire her standing up for herself." He clinks their glasses and they both sample their wine. Licking his lips he stares at Miranda who could not refuse his glances. "Speaking of standing up for herself..." He squints at Miranda as if expecting her to read his thoughts.
"Whew! Okay!" She scoots her chair back and stands up. Fanning herself with butterfly fingers she steps around to face Matthew and turns her back to him. Gently hiking her skirt up in back she shares her heart shaped bottom with him. He reaches over and caresses it forcing Miranda to close her eyelids and enjoy his touch, trying to forget those other men watching. With a finger poking at her butt pucker she jumped slightly, her eyes popping wide. It was then that she noticed a form of applause. Wine glasses at every table in the room was honoring her with a silent toast of their own.
"Take your seat." Matty patted her butt to move away. Instead she chose a different tactic, moving back she sat down on Matty's lap, her legs facing out toward the room rather unladylike. He chuckled, "I was hoping you might do that."
"I'm sure you consider yourself the best seat in the house."
"Not so much, but I'll take the compliment. I reckon I can say that about you too." He tugs her skirt up over her cheeks so that her bare bottom was now sitting on his tented erection. She flares her eyes knowing so many eyes were watching their every playful move.
"You must be a gambling man. I feel some high stakes poker going on."
"Peeknuckle kinda guy."
"Big knuckle for a pisser."
"That it is. You stopped trembling." He points out.
"Just needed to as you say...relax. Already there."
While cozy in his arms the waiter and his assistant brings out their dinner ruining the moment. Matty pats her hip and tells her, "Soups on. Leave this up." She rises from his lap and does as requested, her cheeks and snatch wide open for inspection. The waiter's assistant nearly dropped his tray seeing her. With a quick save by the waiter himself, he took their dinner plates and placed them, ushering the assistant away before he appeared too lost in the visual. For what it was worth Miranda waved goodbye to the man. Waiter telling them to, "Enjoy!" Matty winked, "Plannin' on it."
"We are going to cause a riot." She cleared her throat dryly, starting to lay her napkin in her lap. In response Matthew cleared his own throat to inspire her not to cover herself even with her napkin. "If I drop food in my lap...you're eating it off of me."
"Saving you for dessert."
"Oh?" She smiled sheepishly.
"Eat up. These are steaks from our livestock."
"So you said. They look delicious."
"That's what every man in this room is thinking about you."
"Somehow I think you set all this up. Not just the mechanical bull. You want to show me off and see if I panic and run."
"Still time." He cuts his steak and takes a bite. Joining him she shares rapid glances with him over her brow. The meal progressed without much in way of conversation. Matthew was a firm believer in devoting full attention to his palate. In her mind he should have been a food critic. Watching him she observed every bite being followed by a dab to the corners of his mouth with his napkin. Interesting, being a clean freak meant great personal hygiene as well. He pretty much ignored her the entire meal.
With Matthew busy she found her eyes wandering a bit toward those around them. In doing so she was giving away her thoughts without knowing it. The Profiler knew her every glance was filled with impure thoughts. Miranda enjoyed the fact guys...even women were admiring her bit of exhibitionism. She could barely eat her dinner for seeking attention. The feeling was mutual.
"Not hungry?" Matty chose to say while buttering a roll.
"Famished."
"Obviously not for the Chef's special."
"The steaks quite good. I'm just...getting used to my surroundings."
"Finding yourself the appetizer?"
"Something like that."
"Take your dress off." He returns to cutting his steak without venturing to see her response.
"Here? Now?"
"You want to, I can literally smell your pheromones."
"Is that even possible?"
"Read up on the subject."
"I'll do that. You really want me to risk taking my dress off?" She holds her breath awaiting his answer, eyes unwilling to blink until satisfied.
"Is it a risk?"
"I suppose not. I'm getting away with my ass hanging out as it is."
"That should tell you something."
"That you own every person in this restaurant?"
"Hardly! I'm just buying them dinner."
"In return for...a good show?"
"I haven't witnessed any show yet."
"Oh good God!"
She scoots her chair back and stands up. Taking her Stetson off and sitting it on the table she crosses her arms in front of her body. Gripping her skirt she lifts her dress all the way up her body then off of her head, then whips it in a circle over her to garner further attention. Without wearing a bra her 36C's were perky and in need of some love. "Should I yell YEEHAW?"
Applause immediately countered her efforts, this time much more in tune with her actions. Hands clapping, wolf calls, it all led to her turning to face away from Matthew and taking a bow. Once she thanked her audience she returned to her seat and placed her cowboy hat back on her head.
Matthew sat back in his seat and belched. "Was that so hard?"
"No. But, I see quite a few things that just got harder. Dicks and nipples."
"Par for the course. Ready to ride that bull?"
"You riding it with me?"
"I can."
Standing up to stretch Matthew moves around the table and extends his right hand. Accepting it she follows him out over the dance floor to more wolf calls. Waving at her adoring fans she grew bubbly, clinging to Matty's arm, "Yes...I love the attention."
"Plenty more on the way."
"Oh really?"
He smirks and leads her to the mechanical bull, padded mats surrounding it to protect anyone should they get bucked off. Reaching it he assists her up on to the leather bound saddle, biting her ass cheek just to be social. Shrieking at his sudden nibble she busts out laughing, as did the dining patrons watching them. Climbing up behind her and getting comfy he drags her back into him holding her waist. She wanted more and moved his hands up to her breasts. "Hold on tight Cowboy."
Down on the floor the real owner of the mechanical bull stood ready to activate the bucking bovine. With a nod from Matthew the controller sent the bull in circles slowly before beginning it's back and forward tilting. She held her hat in the air like a rodeo star having the time of her life, Matty behind her amused by her thrill. Right hand leaving her tit he lowered it to her pussy and planted fingers inside her, she beamed at his boldness. Fingering her during a bull ride in front of a good fifty customers was incredible.
Speed increasing she had to hold on tighter. Using their legs as a sole support wasn't easy. Eventually the jolts became too rough to maintain their seat and both of them went flying to the mat. Laughing their asses off they got back up and crawled back on. This time she faced him and wrapped her legs around his waist. Leaning back she stretched out on the bull and let him admire her terrain. Hands gliding across her body led to the audience cheering.
Movement taking over he held them in place as long as he could until balance became impossible, dragging her with him to the mat she landed on him perfectly. Legs no longer wrapped about him she lay directly on top of him, he on his back. Sitting up on his lap she gyrated her hips as if fucking him. The crowd grew wild at her actions. He merely tipped his own black Stetson down over his eyes as if sleeping. Chuckling at him Miranda lurched forward and flipped his hat off his head and sent it flying. She then lunged over him and motorboated her tits across his face. Again the room filled with cheers.
"Get up Pussy. Let's ride." She licked his nose and hopped away. On her own she crawled back into the saddle and awaited his arrival. Posing with one foot up on the bulls back, her elbow on her knee in a defiant look.
Matty regaining his feet stripped his shirt off as the ladies of the crowd whistled at his unexpected reveal. Hat back on his head he started to get back on but she planted at boot on his chest. "Nope! Not with those on."
He looked down at his jeans then laughed. Boots tugged off Matthew turned to the restaurant patrons and pivots his hips like Elvis to get the few women there whooping and hollering. Jeans unzipped, commando in fashion he dropped his drawers and let the Longhorn out of the stall. Hearing women yelling, "OH MY GOD! HE'S HUGE!" to the men laughing, "Barnett legends true." He stood full tilt almost ten inches like his Daddy. Turning back toward Miranda her jaw dropped.
"OH FUCK!" Her only response as he crawled back up on the bull in only his hat and black socks.
"Better hold the saddle horn." He winked.
She immediately dropped her leg and used both hands to surround his Big ole' Brahma. He wagged his eye brows at her amazed expression. The bull rising up made them hold on with their legs. Radical bucking made them sway side to side laughing together. Best date ever she thought. Amid the violent thrashing she flew off at an angle and he just followed her to the mat on purpose. This time he was on top of her. While the mechanical bull slowed up, so did their laughter.
His big cock right between her legs he found her hole and nailed it. Right in front of everyone he fucked the holy hell out of Agent Miranda Wright. She embraced him like a trooper. Moaning, screaming, nails digging, teeth biting. Beyond passion, bordering on bestial Matty Barnett pounded her hard, offering glimpses of his big beast rising tall then sinking balls deep time after time again. The audience grew quiet just watching them.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! SO BIG!" She screeched into his ear.
"Take it!"
"I am! So not complaining." She giggled. "I can't believe we're having sex in front of..."
Before she could finish her sentence he lifted up and took her with him. Climbing tall on both feet Matty carried her right out to the middle of the dance floor where he fucked her standing up. The music in the background switched to fiddle music. The entire restaurant laughed. The tune was Roundtable Rival by Lindsey Stirling, guitars battling her. A favorite of Matthew's eclectic tastes.
Miranda was too busy coping with her sanity to ponder the music's full effects. His huge penis was striking cords of it's own. Dipping her upper body back the onlookers noted two things of interest, dancing titties and the whites of her eyes. Miranda Wright could not stop screaming. Profiler her ass.
Nutting deep into her, Matty pulled her upright and let her wrap her arms around him. Orgasm after orgasm he fucked her standing tall and proud, until she was a puppet in his hands. Every woman there found a mate in the drama. If it had progressed it would surely have been an orgy.
Music ending, Matthew held her lovingly to his chest. Noting a waiter collecting their clothing and the hostess shooing him off the dance floor. Matthew took a walk from the dance floor in his socks to the front entrance. Remaining standing the hostess helped put his boots on at least. Accompanied to the awaiting limousine to release their attire to Joe Daytona he let the two lovers climb in carefully, then closed the door. Not once did Matthew's cock leave her cunt. She revived slowly sitting in his lap and sighed, just before riding him there in the seat.
"Where to Boss?" Joe called via intercom, giving them privacy otherwise.
"Hotel Rosalita." Matty replied.
"FUCK! FUCK!" She mumbled thrashing over his beast, "SO MOTHERFUCKING HUGE!"
"You already said that." He chuckled. "It ain't that huge."
"BULLSHIT!"
He left it at that.