"Let me make one thing perfectly clear. I'm not a slut. At least not yet. Knowing what my fantasies are I might reach that mountain top. I try not to project that far out.
"The thoughts of becoming one stimulate me at every turn, but I've only had sex with one guy ever. If you can call it that. As soon as he took my virginity and saw blood he threw up and ran like hell. I think he thought he hurt me. To this day he's never spoken to me again. It's just as well my parents never liked him anyway. That was over a year ago. It took even me time to get over it. I really thought he liked me. I'm not ugly, I'm really cute. Maybe I'm a little conceited but once I began blossoming from a teenager with small tits and a bit of added weight, the newest me rocked. I just turned eighteen a month ago. Now my measly B cups had shot up to a healthy D. Overnight I felt blessed by the booby Goddess. Taking on a job at the Park District allowed me plenty of exercise. My slightly overweight booty slimmed down in under a month. Everything about me changed.
"Even my clothing style amped up once I realized boys were more into me. My days of frumpy clothing were gone. In came the tight jeans and low cut shirts. Body jewelry and cute wire rimmed glasses added just enough appeal to not be overlooked. My wardrobe is still a work in progress but it's a start. My crystal blue eyes are normally the third thing guys notice these days. My shoulder length bleach blond hair the fourth. You can guess the first two things I'm sure. Until recently I hadn't flaunted what I possess, but I'm not naïve. I notice boys...even older men...much older men for that matter, checking me out everywhere I go.
"Of late I find myself doing things I noticed other girls with good looks do. A shirt button left open, or short shorts that offer a hint of butt cheek. When I witness guys falling all over themselves to see girls wearing things like that it makes me crave the same attention. Thus my wardrobe shopping began in earnest. Every paycheck I added to my appearance be it clothing, jewelry, or make-up. I'm also a perfume junkie. Guys love a scent to follow. Trust me I keep my eyes peeled for any trick the hot girls can offer. Everything from bending over, crossing and uncrossing legs while wearing short skirts, even a shy giggle to let guys know they're interested. The checklist is long.
"Now mind you I'm not shy, but I'm also not aggressive. Somewhere in between I'd say. I'm not even that picky about a guys looks. He can be overweight, or older looking. I was never that shallow as to only keep my eyes peeled for John Stud. Not that they are bad either. I guess I'm learning to appreciate any man who follows my lead. What's bad is there are men whom of late began noticing me more. Men who should know better. Like my Mom's Fitness Trainer. My future stepdad looks. Heck, my real dad stares on occasion. Creepy but still a confidence booster when they compliment me or whistle just to be silly. I really doubt they want me that bad. No...they probably do. Some things I just don't fully understand I guess. What makes a family member stoop so low as to check me out? I've known these people most of my life. My stepbrothers who are 24 and 25 come home from college and torment me every chance they get. Nothing too bad though. Verbally and gross bodily motions. Gross but intriguing just the same. Of course I rarely expressed that their actions made me do a lot of thinking. Sometimes even before bed if you know what I mean.
"My real brother Chad acts the same way. All of their friends do. My parents friends. My friends Fathers. Heck even the guy I babysit for once in awhile looks as if he wants to kiss me. Probably more if I let it happen. I do my best to not make it appear as if I'm catching on to their behavior. It's for the best right? I mean I'm a good girl. Do I want to be a good girl? Heck no. But, do I want to be obvious? Sometimes. Most of the time. I'm so tired of being indecisive.
"I'm not getting any younger. HA! Only eighteen and thinking of myself as old. At least I'm out of school. So not ready for college. My parents aren't happy that I chose to not go. It's my life. I want to live it. Day by day, right? Maybe today is the beginning of an even newer me. It's time that I see what I can do with the observations I've made. Violet Calloway is ready. I think. Yeah, I'm Violet. Here I go.
"I've had my eye on a few boys closer to my age. Some I used to go to school with. Others a few years older. I'm friendly toward all of them but rarely go out of my way to necessarily flirt. Small doses work just as well I've learned. It's what you reveal about yourself that usually strikes their curiosity. For instance, Jamie Harper, a boy I graduated with this past fall, who works at the mall. He's a bit awkward but hardly appalling, even if I were worried about looks. He hadn't noticed me even until like three weeks before school ended.
"That last week I changed my clothing choices a bit more dramatically. We were allowed to escape the dress code seeing as it was our final week of slavery. Nothing too risqué mind you but I have never seen more short skirts in my life until that week. The faculty chose to overlook most of the choices made but too far was obviously too far. When you could see panties up the skirt or excessive cleavage, throats were cleared quite loudly. Even then certain students got away with murder. Skanks! I did take notes though. Future skank, one never knows until it occurs, right? Tasteful skank at best. Who am I kidding? I wanted the same attentiveness those girls were getting. I wanted to see drool. I wanted to see...hard on.
"Even though I didn't even own a mini skirt at the time I most certainly went shopping for some after graduation had come and gone. The best the boys got from me was shorts and a button down shirt with a camisole beneath it. Sexy bra under that of course. Cleavage was there. Boys liked seeing it. Was it enough? I dunno. Nobody, not even Jamie Harper let on that they did. Eyes yes. Words no. Good enough for now, well then. Now meaning now? I want words. I demand drool. Not from family members only dang it.
"Three weeks out I decided to head to the mall and spend my hard earned paycheck on something that a guy wanted. Not so much as what I liked. I chose Jamie Harper as my decision maker. Luckily he was working at the shoe store that day. Otherwise I would have had to go on to Plan B. Meaning Kyle Samson. Kyle now had graduated two years ahead of me. He was the athlete, working where he knew his physique would be best used, a sporting goods store. Tall, buff, and handsome. Girlfriend? Most likely. I wasn't out to date him anyway. Getting him to notice me was my mission. Testing my lengths in getting him to see what he might be missing more on my agenda.
"As I've said, not shy, not bold. That day I was determined to lean toward bold just to see if I could do it. Strangely, both Jamie and Kyle were working at the time I arrived. Best of both worlds I thought. Let's see what these guys would do. That mini skirt I bought after graduation? A black micro mini skirt. Stretchy but misbehaving. A white camisole offering bold cleavage. A strapless bra beneath it that was sheer except around the areolas. Regardless, the girls knew how to whistle for me. OVER HERE BOYS.
"I began with Jamie while waiting on him to be freed up at the cashiers counter. I loitered a bit looking over various styles of heeled dress shoes. What I wore that day not as glamorous but far from grotesque. Other employees were helping others which kept them from pestering me. The second Jamie noticed me he waved with a shy smile, even as he thanked the customer he had just rung up. I smiled back at him with what I call a bashful shimmer, meaning my eyes sparkled without blinking yet I looked down before a second eye contact was made. He ate it up.
"It took him thirty seconds to sprint to my side and say hello, asking how I'd been since graduation. We chatted a bit about pretty much school, the whole time I observed his eyes drop to my chest. Back and forth, he tried not to, but his eyes were not cooperating. I know I acted shy toward his gaze but trust me I wasn't. A lesson I had learned from numerous girls I'd seen pull off this same stunt.
"Asking me what I was looking for I gave him my best I'm not sure but I'll know it when I see it. He trailed behind me like a lost puppy. Discovering a pair of black high heels with bands that weave up the calf I stopped to examine them. I know I made the comment that these would look nice on me but they would take forever to put on. He insisted I try them saying he thought I would look great in them too. Acting hesitant I agreed as he showed me to a chair along the wall by a high mirror, another behind him.
"Setting my purse aside I sat down with my legs together tightly. I hadn't touched my skirt even though I knew the second I began to set down it rode up in back. After acquiring the shoes in my size he sat down on a stool much lower than my chair, which easily gave him an advantage should I part my legs.
"As much as I wanted to I told myself to take it slow and not look obvious. This was as much about studying his reactions and patience as it was in turning him on. Letting him remove the shoes I walked in with he commented on my cute toes and the yellow painted nails, it being my favorite color. With shaking hands he unlaced the new heels and encouraged my left foot to accept its newness. As hard as he tried his eyes snuck glances up my skirt. Seeing his disappointment that I was clenching them tightly with my hands in my lap I decided to loosen up a bit.
"Lifting my right leg to scratch an itch as he was lacing the new shoe to my calf I allowed him to see my bright yellow thong. It was brief but he most certainly saw it, his eyes flaring at the momentary capture. I laughed and asked him if he knew what he was doing, since he was taking his time. He apologized to me admitting that this type of shoe was foreign to him. I sighed and said I was in no hurry. Left shoe perfectly laced he applied the right shoe. As he did I leaned forward as if checking out how the left shoe looked.
"In bending forward my 36D's mashed together to form a melon patch. Even I knew what they looked like seeing myself in the mirror behind him. Believe you me he looked. Over his brows trying to hide the fact. Relaxing more I turned my left leg as if inspecting a side view. Up my skirt his eyes went. Challenged between which part of my body he wanted to see more.
"It was then that I smirked and asked him if he was dressing me or undressing me. He chose another apology and finished lacing my second heel. Shyness was killing this guy. Me? I was soaking up his reactions like Spongebob Squarepants. Feeding my ego I stood up for a comfortable feel in them. He nearly fell back over his stool because I didn't give him time to move. My skirt was right in his face. I should have apologized for my sudden stature but I didn't. I merely gave him time to stand in front of me. His nose almost grazing right over my chest as he stood.
"My face followed him all the way up until we looked into each others eyes. Sharing a grin he clumsily stepped aside to allow me a chance to walk in them. This led me to stroll with my back to him down the aisle. I still hadn't tugged my skirt down so I know darn well my butt cheeks were peeking out. Ten feet away I snickered and bent forward to touch the laces. For certain my cheeks were visible, maybe even the cloth of my thong over my pussy. Although brief when I stood back up and twisted I saw him biting at his knuckle. I didn't realize that guys really did that, it was funny.
"Walking back toward him was awkward, I wasn't really that talented in high heels. To me these were stripper shoes. Still I did like them a lot. Looking in the mirror at them I formed a final opinion. Asking Jamie how much they were clenched my teeth. $80 was more than I wanted to spend here today. Fidgeting I told him that I should have known and that I didn't have that big of a paycheck to spend on just one item and survive two weeks until next check.
"It was then that Jamie surprised me. He actually offered to pay half if I considered going out on a date with him. Floored by the suddenness of it all I sat down and told him to unlace the shoes while I thought about it. I wasn't used to guys buying me things, let alone being asked out. Like I said, one guy ever, dated six months before attempting sex. You know how well that went.
"Seated in front of me again I watched him slowly unlace both shoes and take them off. This time I wasn't sitting rigid, my legs were further apart. The entire amount of time he took in removing my shoes he was eying my thong. I encouraged it by scratching more, this time where he removed the laces on my calf, having to reach behind it made me tilt my knee to the side revealing a much better view. Considering how wet I was getting down there it was possible he saw a bit of dampness in the thong. Not to mention the tiny patch had constricted within my pussy enough to feel it as I squirmed. It was hot. If I was turned on he had to be right?
"His expression didn't really offer me every thought he had as I expected it would. Once the shoes were boxed he stood up and shied away. I felt bad honestly. Maybe he knew I was doing this on purpose. He had never known me to be any form of tease outside of sticking my tongue out at him from across a classroom or in the hall in passing. Those were more innocent times. While other girls worked it hard I was late in the game. Either way I just couldn't let him know I was sorry.
"Putting on the pumps I walked in with I decided I needed to acknowledge his earlier offer of paying half for the shoes. By now maybe he had second thoughts himself which led to his shyness. Finally, as he lingered to my side while I looked over less pricey shoes, yet not as stunning to my brewing appetite for sexier attire, Jamie said he was going to let me continue to look. It was now or never if I wanted to have the shoes. Inhaling deeply I turned in step and asked him to wait, which was more of a blatant JAMIE WAIT!
"He stopped as I trembled and said okay to his offer on three conditions. One being I pay $50 of the $80 plus tax, which let him off cheaper. He did get a discount too. He mulled it over before asking what the other two conditions were. The second condition was that we had to get lunch here at the mall. I knew there was a food court that served pizza by the slice. Nothing expensive. He agreed to that part knowing he would get a lunch break in an hour or so. Thirdly I brought up that I knew he had seen my thong and butt cheeks. I didn't want him to think badly of me but I wanted to discuss it. He did admit that he spotted my thong and actually smiled, but with a red face. I called it cute to calm his nerves. He then had conditions of his own should he completely agree to my terms.
"His first term was that I wear the new shoes while we had lunch. He would put them on me at our table. That sounded promising due to the imagination of other guys watching him do so. They would also get the chance of looking up my mini skirt. An immediate we can do that gave him a larger grin. From there his next request was that I accept a challenge that he would let me in on after the shoes were worn. I know I gave him a curious look through the corner of my eye when he refused to tell me before hand. I was all for challenges unless it got me into hot water with security. We both settled on we shall see.
"His third condition was simple, if we hit it off I would agree to a future real date. Sure why not, right? Hands shook I told him I'd meet him in front of Pizza Parade, the cheesy pizza joint at the court, at the time he suggested. From there I gave him $50 dollars trusting him not to rip me off. Letting him work I went on my way. One teasing session complete until later. I was then off to locate Kyle at the sporting goods store. Why anyone would call it DICK'S was beyond me.
"It was a good distance between stores so I eyeballed other clothing stores where I might find something interesting to add to my wardrobe. Obviously a Victoria's Secret for underwear but I already had invested in a large number of dainties. Now I didn't buy into lingerie all that much at this point because let's face it I didn't have a boyfriend to wear it for. When that time came I would go all out on that type of clothing. I'd rather use my money to buy sexy revealing clothes that didn't necessarily mean slut, but did say look at me boys. Closer...that's it. Closer. I'm being dramatic.
"What I lacked in athleticism I made up for in theatrics. For the record I've been in a good number of school plays over the years. Being on a stage excited me. Wish I could sing, but I certainly wasn't blessed with a Britney Spears voice, body more like. I'll settle for that.
"Realizing I didn't have too much time to waste I went in search of Dick's. The store. Get your minds out of the gutter. Just kidding, keep them there. As I reached the sporting goods store I walked around for a bit, not seeing Kyle I worried I might have missed him. I couldn't ask another associate about him or it would have looked obvious I was tracking him down like some stalker. After searching high and low I suddenly saw him and another boy I didn't know from school, so probably from another school somewhere in the city. They were joining efforts in bringing out a display of hockey sticks. Nervously I decided it would be now or never so I approached both of them.
"Acting lost until Kyle notices me he finally called out my name. Wow! He remembered it I recall thinking. We were never friends just classmates in passing. I do remember him taunting me back when I was less attractive. Nothing brutal but he still capitalized on his jock status as a douche, combining forces with other jocks to be part of their inner circle. Back then I had small tits and a bigger ass. Jocks seldom went after girls like that. Now might be a different story. He has seen me a few times since I blossomed out more but never so much as commented on my changes. Acknowledging Kyle I stepped up to the two of them with a confused look.
"After a greeting that felt genuine he asked what I ad been doing since graduation, thus I filled him in on my boring career with the Park District. The other boy seemed to appreciate my looks he couldn't stop smiling and staring me up and down. I liked that. I knew my outfit wasn't out of place and revealing at that point so his attentiveness was surely on the real me. That made my day even better. He was kind of handsome. Eying his name tag I discovered his name to be Scott. Helllloooo Scott.
"Asking if they could help me locate a football jersey I might look good in both of them jumped at the chance to abandon the hockey sticks. I followed Kyle through the store with Scott behind us. I needed to know if Scott was looking at my ass so I scoped out a mirror in passing. Sure enough he was. From there I moved too close to an endcap with belts on it.
"Nudging them with a shoulder some fell to the floor. I immediately faked a disturbing yelp and knelt down to pick them up. Scott crouched with me and I allowed him a brief shot up my micro mini skirt. Panties in full bloom. My camisole easily fanning forward in the cleavage showing my bra's effect in bulging my breasts under pressure. He looked, I sheepishly smiled.
"Behind me Kyle stood waiting, very closely. I looked up directly into his crotch and turned beet red in the face. I'm not certain if he did that on purpose, being so close or whether he just wasn't thinking. Everything was brief as Scott placed the belts back on their hooks. Kyle acted like a gentleman and offered me a hand up. Accepting it I faced him and delivered my best performance of bulging eyes and nibbled lower lip in seeing his erection beneath his jeans. No mistaking that. I wasn't even trying that hard yet. In my devilish mind I could only imagine how hard he might have gotten if I had shown him my panties instead. Standing close to Kyle I could almost say if I stepped forward an inch my chest would touch his. I can honestly admit I wanted to but dimwit me kept it in check.
"Calling myself a klutz I feigned embarrassment, they consoled me with a simple no Biggy. Even as I stood so close to Kyle, Scott somehow found himself very close to me from behind. I felt like a sandwich was being built. Looking up at an angle I realized Scott looking over my shoulder and down my shirt. He quickly averted his eyes when I busted him. I played naïve and merely studied his reaction. Before any words were exchanged Kyle stepped back and told me the clothing section was this way. Scott trailed me very closely. He did compliment me on my body spray.
"Searching amid the jersey section Kyle asked what team I was rooting for. Knowing nothing about sports period, outside of basics I told him I just wanted a comfy night shirt to sleep in. Something not itchy, nobody would really see it outside my family. It was then that I caught a glimpse of Scott's crotch, he was getting a hard on too. I was loving this. Knowing the effects I was introducing them to made me feel really sexy. Keeping things moving I told them to choose a team. If I liked it I'd consider it. Being avid supporters of our own city of Indianapolis they obviously chose the Colts. The colors of white and royal blue were nice. Wearing a horseshoe not so much but this was just a night shirt I thought.
"Kyle handed me a large after determining my size, holding it up to me as if dressing me himself. I know my eyes flared with excitement at his attentiveness toward detail. He told me that it should give me room to breath. I wasn't a big girl anymore so I tended to agree. I did notice something about the jersey, it had thin little airholes in it that would make it easy to see what was beneath. Was he imagining my nakedness under it? Scott was grinning like the Devil over Kyle's shoulder.
"As if reading the others mind both Kyle and Scott insisted I try it on. A dressing room was just a few aisles over. Thrilled at potentially teasing them harder I agreed and they guided me to the changing area. Nobody was home at the check in desk so Kyle took it upon himself to stand guard. Without so much as a second thought I darted into a changing room and pulled the curtain. I chose one facing them knowing they could see my legs at the very least below the curtains ruffle. I went out of my way to be obvious that I took my shirt off first, poising my arms over the curtain. From there I wiggled out of my stretchy micro mini skirt and down to my toes. Kicking it aside with my shoe.
"Standing in my bra and panties I got goosebumps. I questioned if I should leave my underwear on or risk teasing too hard by removing them and they conclude I was doing it on purpose. The idea of being nude in the jersey with my flesh seen through the tiny breathing holes made me crazy. I compromised and removed my bra. Putting on the jersey it was silky soft. Looking in a mirror on the wall I know I shivered at my skin shining through vividly in micro doses. My nipples found holes to peek out of which stressed me to no end. If I could see them ever so barely, so could Scott and Kyle.
"Trembling at what to do I heard Kyle ask how it looked. I hesitantly said it's silky but nothing more. Clenching my teeth I took a deep breath and opened the curtain, terrified I might be caught. Nope! Only Scott and Kyle still. Their eyes grew huge seeing me looking as if all I was wearing was the jersey. I know the yellow thong could be seen easily too. They were impressed. Both nodding and praising how the look accented my hair. I laughed because I'm so blond that wearing these colors did not help me. Nice try guys.
"I didn't inform them that I took my bra off I'm pretty certain they noticed that. One seeing my nipples, the other my bra dangling from a hook in the changing room. It was in full view of being spotted. I dared to step three feet from the changing room and do a 360 turn on my heels to show off. I asked them what they thought and both boys offered insight. Kyle said perfect. Scott added gorgeous. Snickering I raced back into the changing stall and closed the curtain leaving it open slightly. Their simple observations took my breath away. I really wanted to drop my thong and go back out there but I knew that would seal my fate and they would know I was teasing too heavily. I settled with taking the shirt off and letting them see my reflection in a mirror. Getting dressed won out.
"Rejoining them I went so far as to say it would be comfy sleeping in. The shirt was thirty dollars. I sighed at how fast my paycheck was leaving my purse. Commenting as to why clothes had to be so expensive Scott instantly coughed up ten dollars. I bulged my eyes thinking back to Jamie and the shoes. Everyone today wanted to help out financially. I had never felt so awkward in my life. Well save for being back in High School and taking showers after gym class with twenty other girls. That took some getting used to. Oh, Scott and Kyle's erections were still there. Larger than before. I wanted to dance in step at what I had accomplished. I told Scott it was sweet of him to offer his money but I couldn't accept it. He insisted. Kyle shrugging offered a ten of his own. He chuckled saying might as well make it a threesome. I turned blood red in the face. Was Kyle imagining having sex with me? OMG!
"Blushing the remainder of my visit there, I gave in and bought the shirt. I paid the most at least after taxes were included. I knew it was time to head to the food court so I told them I was going for lunch there with a friend. They made the comment that it was getting close to their lunch too. Smiling with my purchase bagged I made the comment maybe I'll see you there. They nodded with a maybe and headed back to their hockey stick display. I marched out and went to the food court.
"Alright my followers reading this, things went bonkers from this point on so hold on to your...just hold on to something close to you. Something intimate if you have to I won't peek. LOL! Okay, I probably would if I could.
"I beat Jamie to the food court which was bustling with people. The mall was hectic today. Watching people as I stood near the pizzeria holding my bag I noticed loads of guys checking me out. Older guys even. Some even took it upon themselves to wink at me. I ate it up but tried to be cordial and smile. If I returned a wink it might have gave them the courage to come talk to me. I wasn't ready to flirt that heavily with Jamie on his way. He might turn tail and run if other guys were talking to me. Instead I chose to find a table while there were some available. Finding one with my back to a planter I sat down and eyed my cell. Facebook kept me entertained.
"Every once in awhile I looked around for Jamie and noticed that the surrounding tables were occupied with predominantly guys. I was definitely the center of attention even as they ate or merely rested their feet. My smile could not be contained. I loved it. Feeling beyond sexy I allowed myself to play innocent as I had in the shoe store, leaning to my side to scratch my shin. In bending sideways the strap of my camisole slipped from my shoulder and ended up on my upper bicep. I left it there for their imaginations to wander. Dare I let the other strap slip I considered? Would that look trashy? I decided that one was enough.
"Gluing my eyes to my cell I jumped when Jamie arrived leaning over the planter to hand me my shoes. Turning to accept the bag I parted my legs and let guys look at my thong. It wasn't obvious because I did it without realizing I had. Stretching slightly I know my skirt hiked higher on my upper thighs, slightly offering a livelier vantage point. The material had a life of its own, a constant struggle to keep it in check always kept me on my toes. As I sat the bag on the floor Jamie leaned over the planter glancing down my cleavage. He wasn't even hiding the fact, so I played along acting shy. He calmed down quickly and asked what kind of pizza slice I wanted. I just went with cheese and a small Diet Pepsi.
"As he slipped away to place our order I knew he had to stand in line so it might be awhile. I unboxed my new shoes getting them ready for Jamie. He would be pressed for time so I put one on and tied it saving the other for him. Looking up I realized not one of the guys at the neighboring tables had gotten up to leave, even after finishing their meals. I felt honored that they continued to admire me. I'm going to level with you people, I was really horny by this point. So much so I fought touching myself. In a public setting such as this it would certainly go horribly wrong, right? I behaved even if I allowed my skirt to misbehave. I didn't once try to adjust it. Nothing too extreme I figured. Yet.
"Looking across at two men I saw one of them brush his shoulder while looking directly at me. I didn't catch on at first but it suddenly dawned on me he was giving off a subliminal message to lower my other camisole shoulder strap. I blushed at him trying not to give away that I was considering it. So tempting yet what would Jamie think of me? I had time I thought before his return so I reacted by leaning over to the other side as if brushing lint from my skirt. The strap elegantly fell with very little effort, now both shoulders were free. He nodded his approval even though I did my best to not inform him that I did it just for him. His friend sat back tipping ice from his drinking cup at an angle while watching me. A casual glance on my part confirmed that even he had a hard on. OMG! My heart was racing.
"Knowing of this I just had to absorb what other men were thinking by their expressions and reactions toward me. To my left a few tables over guys merely stared smiling. Another wink made me shy off. Peering across from me to the table next to the shoulder strap conspirators a guy with his girlfriend sat facing me, her back toward my table. He was soaking up the fact he had a good angle to look up my skirt. As I heard Jamie return I parted my legs briefly wider before Jamie could block his view. Tray on the table Jamie sat down ruining the view of that man at least. The other two at the table next to theirs could still see me. Was I disappointed that the man with his girlfriend had lost his opportunity? Sure. I needed to focus on Jamie though so it was a passing depression.
"As we ate our pizza I lifted my shoe saying I met him half way. He laughed at me when I then showed him my other foot awaiting his Prince Charming routine. Getting up Jamie knelt holding my foot to fit on the shoe. My legs went wide again offering he and the men around us another shot. As Jamie laced me up I noticed Kyle and Scott walking toward the food court. I grew crazy nervous that they might try and join us with nearly all of the tables occupied. Again I shut down my thoughts and listened intently to Jamie as he finished up. Taking his seat he began asking me questions that needed answers. Namely, what my interests were. It was pretty simple talk overall but I did my best to give him what he needed.
"After a brief discussion on music and TV shows his questions led to more intimate observations. His first question in that area led to wondering if I felt my clothing was too revealing. I nearly choked on my drink as I blushed. Finally, I found the courage to say not really, admitting that after so many years of not qualifying as a hot girl I kind of enjoyed the attention. Seeing his reaction as intrigue I asked my own enquiry with does it bother you?
"He blushed as well shaking his head no without the word. I then realized I had left both of my camisole straps off of my shoulders. I certainly wasn't going to put them back in place now that he seemed to enjoy it. OMG! The other men were still staring. I wanted so much to squeal at the dedication they had. Only the man with his girlfriend had given up on me. His girl obviously bored with sitting there. As their table freed up I caught a glimpse of Scott and Kyle claiming the vacancy. Again, OMG!
"I did my very best to contain my enthusiasm as Jamie continued grilling me. His questions digging deeper into my hormonal state at the moment. Now Jamie wanted to know if it turned me on wearing the outfit I had on. I shivered in my seat as I nibbled at my pizza mulling it over. My eyes told Jamie all he needed to know. I settled on winking at him with a sly grin. He laughed at me and offered praise saying he thought I looked amazingly hot. You no doubt know I brightened up hearing his thoughts. With Kyle and Scott eating across from me my entire body was on fire. The two guys next to them amused by my squirming. The guy to my right not bothering to stress over staring at me, even with Jamie right there. Yep! Another OMG! I was wet as heck.
"Eying his cell clock Jamie grumbled at only having ten more minutes with me. It was then that I recalled his secret condition. He hadn't brought it up but I was curious what he might challenge me with. So I asked him, which made him pale, struggling to get enough nerve to bestow his challenge toward me. Nearly reneging he said not to worry about it. OH HELL NO! I thought reaching across the table to hold his hand. We both nearly shied away at my touch. I remained insistent enough that he grew some balls and laughed about what he had planned. Telling me he was going to challenge me to take my thong off at our table.
"Okay, hearing that with all of these eyes on me made me insane. I reacted by dropping my jaw with a playful awe in my expression. I giggled and told him Oh my God Jamie. He withheld saying forget it this time. I removed my hand from his and settled back in my chair opting to fan my flushed features with both hands now. He actually leaned back a bit in his chair expressing a hopeful eye contact. Looking around me at the other men I imagined their own reactions if I were to fulfill Jamie's challenge. I already know they would love to see that but what would happen afterwards? Especially Kyle and Scott. What would they do?
"As he studied his time again I sat forward and whispered that there were so many guys around us. He ventured a gaze to all angles. As he did the men lowered their gaze at us or looked away. Even Kyle and Scott. Jamie shrugged at me saying he needed to get back to the store. It was now or never so I sheepishly looked at Jamie and told him I owed him that challenge, as embarrassing as it might be I would do it. He held his breath as I adjusted my skirt a bit pulling the seat of it up in behind.
"He stared directly at me without looking around us, afraid he might miss my achievement, or if I were going to chicken out. At the moment I was unsure myself until I looked around at the guys. The one next to us saw my hip and ass with my skirt hiked back. He nodded with anticipation. I did my best to ignore Kyle and Scott with Jamie blocking their view. The men next to their table could see her thong in full view now. They were grinning hard. OMG! Sorry I can't not say that enough. OMG!
"Shaking fingers curled under my thongs straps as I lifted my hips up off my chair, rapidly dragging my thong over and down to my knees before seating myself. Leaning under the table awkwardly I discovered it difficult to get past my knees and over my new shoes. Whining a bit I whispered to Jamie my predicament. I was playing the game to full effect for him. Heck, for all of these guys now.
"In my turmoil I took the time to slip forward and guide it little by little down to my feet. Removing my left foot, I used my right to carry the thong aloft, planting my shoes toe directly into Jamie's lap. Startling him with my thong waiting there for him to claim it, he hesitantly took it from my foot. Before lowering my foot away I took the risk of applying pressure over his erection to discover on my own just how hard he was.
"OOOOOMMMMMGGGG! I found the hardest thing I'd ever felt. As he perused his lap at my probing shoe creasing along his width I nearly pissed. A snapped glance around me at the guys I received applause ranging from a thumbs up to more winks. Scott and Kyle sat back with their jaws dropped. Scott leaning at an angle to see my still exposed hips. With a sigh of accomplishment I swiftly dropped my foot and pulled my skirt back into place. I planted my face in my palms hiding my expression of you guessed it. OMG!
"When I looked up finally Jamie was holding my thong with both hands up for all to see. I know my eyes were like saucers. Reaching out trying to lower them from sight he shifted them out of my reach. He didn't want to give them up. In reality I didn't want him to give them up, just back to me before he left. I was fond of that particular thong. Taunting me a bit by acting as if he were going to sniff them I pleaded to get them back with a silent neediness.
"To my surprise he politely handed them back to me saying he needed to clock back in. Before leaving he dared to ask me out. Exchanging cell numbers I told him we could talk a bit more first. He agreed. I held my thong crumpled up in my hand the entire time. As he left me I sat there numb, afraid now to look around me. Once Jamie was out of view Kyle and Scott ventured from their table to join me. As they admitted to witnessing the whole thing, I tried to look with regret, but they knew better. Beet red or not I couldn't mask my smile. Kyle asked to see my thong so I reluctantly passed it over. He immediately placed it to his nose. I died knowing that he had captured my scent. They were still damp even.
"Scott shared them while showing off to the guy to my right. Inhaling them Scott abruptly said that they smelled awesome. I wanted to faint. Still smiling dang it. My teasing was paying off in ways I hadn't considered. My thong was being passed around. Scott even got up and took them to the guy seated to my right for a smell. Then, over to the two men across from me. Every single one of them enjoyed the scent of my pussy. OMG! I promise I'll try to not say that so much going forward but it was incredible. My mind was blown at how well received my teasing had been embraced. Now, as Scott returned to his seat I felt invincible.
" Before I could ask for my thong back Kyle looked under the table and I found myself parting my legs to let him see my pussy. Whistling led to Scott leaning under for his own inspection. What was I doing? OMG! I was letting them both see me. As they gazed at me from below I looked around at my other paramours. All craved a peek between my legs. They had already seen me somewhat so I wasn't all that stressed. What made me edgy was other men I hadn't noticed earlier looking my way from further out. Four more guys were amused and waving at me. FUCK! I know I exhaled under my breath. This was destroying my hormones. My mind all over the place. I was literally in sensory overload.
"Kyle and Scott sat up grinning from ear to ear. I heard Scott say that he loved how my pussy had just a tiny bit of pubic hair above it. Peach fuzz as it's called. I groom it to satisfy my own desires because I like being sexy. Scott verbally told the guy beside me that he should get a look at this. He didn't rush to my side or anything but I knew he wanted to see for himself. As did the guys across from me. They could see it but not as closely as they would have liked. In my insanity I turned in my chair to face the guy beside me and lifted my cheeks a bit to raise my skirt. Parting my legs I gave him a better look. Hearing an Oh that's sweet made me tremble harder. I found myself repositioning in my chair to offer the men across from me a similar look. As they squinted I knew the table over my lap was masking it some.
"Looking around for safety I scooted my chair out away from the table and sat back down. In moving about my skirt rose higher on my butt, more thigh was exposed. Essentially every inch of my lower half stood revealed. One of the men across from me motioned to part my legs wider. With Kyle goading me I lifted my legs in the air and out to my side. Best look ever. Scott and Kyle quietly laughed and continued to offer compliments. I found myself unable to get enough attention. Those men further out were getting up and walking where they could capture a view. I might have been embarrassed but I didn't hide. Calculating guys as I watched their reactions I realized eight men were looking at my pussy. OMG! Sorry.
"During my counting Kyle stood up and moved to my side. My eyes bulged as he grabbed the back of my chair and slid me out further away from my table. I instantly clammed up and lowered my legs hiding myself. I knew there were cameras everywhere. Too much exposing myself was certain to draw attention of the wrong person. It wasn't like I was sitting right out dead center of the food court, merely four feet from my table. But still.
"I had the large planter wall to my back hiding me from the congestion on the other side. I found my hands nervously rubbing my legs as I looked at my eight...shit...ten guys, curiously watching me. Kyle knelt in front of me with a warm smile. He asked me if I was enjoying myself. Silly me I said yes. He joined me in rubbing my legs to calm my nerves. Yeah that helped Kyle. LOL. His hands on my knees he gently encouraged me to pry my legs wide again. Scott keeping watch around us made me feel slightly better but regardless I just wasn't sure where this was going.
Showing these guys my pussy shattered my expectations of what I intended to do today. I worshipped their attention so heavily I couldn't slow my heart rate. I found myself not looking at Kyle and more toward my audience. I realized each of those standing had moved further apart to form a strategic block, hiding me as best as they could. All while not being obvious to those tables with women or kids. I felt breath on my thighs forcing me to look down at Kyle. He stared over his brow up at me as his tongue wagged toward my clitoris. I nearly fell back in my chair as his palms held my legs wide. OMG! He intended to eat me out right there in the food court.
"I wasn't ready to go that far. Whimpering at him I pleaded through expression for him to change his mind. In my predicament I hadn't even realized I had never addressed my camisole slippage. My yellow matching bra was peeking up from under the shirt, it was lacey and sort of transparent save for around my nipples. Not that low yet I ignored it. Something within me couldn't resist it's revealing addition to current events. This was going to go so bad I just knew it.
"Kyle asked me if I wanted him to stop. Even in pleading I bit my tongue and shook my head no. I can be so stupid sometimes. Sure enough I felt a warm wet tongue mold over and in between my labia. Having never been eaten out before I nearly lost my mind. I had a very sensitive clit I knew that much very well. With a strained expression I pressed my lips tightly to avoid moaning. Observing others watching this unfold I had to slow down or I was going to masturbate right there. After a minute more of Kyle's tongue I pushed his head away. Pulling my legs together I sat up straight fanning myself. My skirt was still riding high enough to see quite a bit of thigh. Finally Kyle understood and smiled warmly at me. Standing up in front of me I captured just how large his erection had reached in size. Did I really make that happen? OMG!
"I know you're tired of hearing that but come on. I'm new to men so this was all tormenting me as much as I tormented them. Kyle took my hands and stood me up, switching places to sit in my chair. Turning me I was drawn down to sit in his lap. My audience was standing strong. As a family passed through Kyle kept things quiet. I did notice while sitting in his lap just how his erection felt under my bare bottom. I wanna say it people. Biting my tongue here. Fuck it. OMG!
"I was sitting in the lap of a guy I never imagined would honestly give me the time of day. Time? Why hadn't he and Scott gone back to work. Surely their lunch was over. In asking Kyle he told me not to worry about that they wouldn't get in trouble. I merely nodded, feeling his hands rubbing my legs and hips. At least I was looking out for them.
"I found myself waving at my audience and absorbing their expressions back at me. Every one of them wanted to know just how far this might go. So did I to be honest. I know for sure I wasn't fucking anybody. So not ready for that especially in the food court. As soon as Scott felt convinced we were safe to do whatever, he motioned to Kyle. I really didn't know what to expect. What began with kissing my shoulder gradually ended in Kyle unclasping my bra without even going under my shirt. I panicked slightly showing my hesitation toward Scott and the others before Kyle himself. He whispered for me to stay calm. Sure that was on the agenda Kyle. Did I stop him from taking my bra off? Seriously? I was too far gone to say stop.
"Kyle tossed my bra over to Scott who inhaled the cups right before my eyes. He then coyly passed it around. Everyone took great care in not being obvious. HOLY CRAP! My brain was toast seeing guys enjoying such a small piece of me. Shaking like crazy I felt Kyle's hands go up the front of my camisole and squeeze my tits. I laid against his chest as his lips kissed my bare shoulder again. It felt incredible. He only let up on my shoulder to whisper for me to look at how much those guys liked me. I gasped knowing very well by now just by seeing it in their eyes, I replied admitting to Kyle I was scared. He convinced me he would keep me safe.
"I didn't believe him but I was so far gone I let him think I did. His fingers pinching my nipples felt so good I totally lost control over keeping my legs together. Everyone got another healthy view of my thighs. By now I had noticed my bra and my panties had been circulating amongst my followers. Ten were now capturing my scent, maybe more. Who knew how many. I didn't care anymore. I was wanted. I had their attentions glued to me. Protecting me. Masking what was unfolding for my pleasure as much as theirs.
"Scott pulled a chair up beside Kyle and I then sat down. Smiling at me he reached over and rubbed my right leg. Still nurturing Kyle's kissing on my neck now I wasn't bothered by it. It wasn't until I felt Scott's fingers on my pussy that I whimpered and looked down at my lap. He was teasing my hole and showing off his finger with my wetness to the other men. OMG! I'm not going to apologize for any more of those OMG's. They're not stopping. Neither did Scott.
"He carefully leaned in and fingered me with two fingers. My right hand went to my lap intending to stop him. I failed miserably and just held my hand over his. It felt entirely too good to stop now. I mean surely this would end before I screamed bloody murder right? They were just putting on a show for others using me. Was it their show or mine?
"Kyle went the extra mile and lifted my camisole up to show them my tits. By now I wanted to let them see all of me. Scott in his fingering took the risk of sucking on my nipple. It felt so good I cooed. My audience grew as a number of times we were forced to behave and cover up. Each time I expected security to show up. Not even. THANK GOD!
"The one thing that never changed during our behavior was my seat in Kyle's lap. He merely cuddled with his arms around me. I didn't want him to stop. As soon as some of my audience cast a thumbs up Scott and Kyle resumed showing me off and fingering me. I was trickling all over myself and around Scott's fingers. Kyle lifting my left leg higher to see Scott's fingers inside me. I knew my ass hole was in full bloom when I felt Scott's pinky teasing it.
"I nearly yelped but held my breath. Kyle continued asking me if I wanted them to stop. Before I could even offer my intended no Scott removed his fingers and placed them inside my mouth. I tasted myself for the very first time. Too terrified to on my own. I actually liked my taste. My sucking on his fingers gave my audience reason to cautiously rub their crotches . OMG! I'm making them want to jack off, I remember thinking. I was impressed.
"In a bold move the guys that had been sitting across from my table got up and slowly moved in front of us. Looking around for safety purposes I found them lifting my camisole up and both men bending to kiss my nipples. OMG!OMG!OMG!OMG! You know I moaned. This was pushing me so far over the edge I was mumbling for none of them to stop. Pleading if I was being honest.
"Unfortunately we had to when a whistle forced everyone to act normal. I covered up quickly as a security guard wading through the crowd on the other side of the planters patrolled. Luckily he was more interested in food than us. The standing guys talked with one another to avoid looking suspicious. By now I'm not even certain who had my bra and panties. As we watched the guard standing directly to our right Scott returned his hand down to my legs slipping in to rub my clit. My eyes refused to blink as I breathed heavily. All it would take was for that guard to turn around. Game over.
"The men standing in front of us lifted my shirt again exposing my tits. Playing with them as I watched the guard. I really wanted to cum by now. Was this their objective? I seriously didn't expect this but I was so glad it was happening. I was learning my limits. I was figuring out what guys liked. What they wanted. I think what scared me most about this risk taking was that I could really get used to it. I can tell you here and now I would tease harder than ever after this. If there was any true fear outside of being arrested and humiliated in front of my family it was the cell pictures I just know were being taken. Too late now I didn't give it any more thought. Let my admirers have something to remember me by.
"One of my audience took it upon himself to step next to the security guard and strike up a conversation. That helped my stress slightly. That is until Kyle gave me up to Scott. Without being aggressive I was encouraged to switch laps. Kyle whispered that he had to get back now. Scott was off the clock and would keep me safe. I expected this to end with Kyle and Scott leaving me. Now I was in Scott's care. WTF? Okay I can handle this. Scott was cute. Too be honest not many of my audience wasn't. Some questionable but it wasn't like I was going to fuck them. Watching I'm cool with.
"What shocked me further was that Scott turned me around to where I had to straddle his legs. I hadn't counted on that maneuver. My skirt was no way going to stay pulled down so hiding my bare bottom was impossible. Only my two saviors behind me could conceal that fate. Matters worse Scott reached behind me and pulled my skirt up to my waist. HOLY SHIT! From there I not only felt Scott's hands rubbing my ass but one of the guys behind me. Our show enclosed it was a no brainer that my audience repositioned taking up tables and chairs all around me. This was starting to feel like I was a stripper. Where were my tips? LOL!
"I even told Scott I was feeling like a stripper. He laughed and told me to grind in his lap. I could feel his erection under my thighs. OMG! I did it slowly but I laughed about it until he told me how sexy I was, how good I felt on his dick. My eyes sparkled I can tell you that for a certain. I was in Heaven. I really enjoyed myself. I even accepted a kiss from Scott. On the lips. In our lingering lip lock I found myself grinding on him harder. Each time my pussy rubbed over his crease I moaned into his mouth. Once our kiss did end I felt lost. He was a good kisser, and let's be honest I hadn't kissed many guys. Heck I'd showed off my body to more guys than I've even held hands with. Crazy, right?
"Scott smiled at me and asked me for my number. Easy yes I whispered it to him. I told him Kyle could have it too. I'm shameless. Nodding with a grin he held my ass but encouraged me to fall backwards behind me. My camisole over my nipples but holding on barely. The further I went back that went out the window. Nips popped out and I didn't sweat over it. Eying my two backers from my upside down vision they again squeezed my tits and pinched at my nipple action. I was so excited to be getting away with this I can't truthfully describe it to you. Teasing consumed my soul.
"There! That's my best description. I let my hands grip their forearms as they squeezed my breasts almost as if telling them not to leave me. I could see the desire in their eyes. It felt awesome knowing how much I was wanted. Not even the question of how much farther can this go nagged at me. Doubts switched to let's see just how long I can get away with this. Worry about the handcuffs and bitching from my folks if it happens. I needed to know my true limits. You people can think of me however you want. The one thing I won't do is fuck anyone here in the court. Although yes that thought had crossed my mind. Damn that Scott.
"Even in my outstretched backflip I heard the security guard talking to my savior. Not that I could see him or make out their conversation, but just knowing I was free to do this made me all the more careless. Yes I know I should stop while I'm ahead but I'm stupid. Selfish maybe. Greedy that this may never happen so widely again. I don't know. If it doesn't I can at least have fond memories.
"Stepping aside to allow those behind them to see me made me blow kisses in their direction. I owed them that much for being so cool. My tits danced you can believe that. I was waving too dramatically not to have them bounce about. Pulling me aloft I faced Scott again who laughed at my excitement. He went so far as to ask me if I had, had enough. Get this, I stormed him with another kiss. I'm so proud of myself. I hadn't even covered my chest up, unless you count that my breasts were crushed into his chest. My camisole was nothing more than a nuisance now. I literally felt my straps on my wrists. A quick flutter of hands later I sat kissing Scott topless. I might as well have been nude. Okay I was.
"My skirt and camisole were like a tangled belt around my waist. So freaking awesome. No lie. I wish you could have been there. I started grinding on Scott again when I felt a presence around me from all sides. At first I concluded I was finally busted. Not yet. My audience seeing me so naked merged together around Scott and I to protect me further. Guys were hip to hip and laughing. Talking about other things to cover my freedom. If outsiders took interest they would just assume a bunch of friends were chatting. I felt hands touching my back, even caressing my hair as I kissed Scott. OMG! I loved those guys so much at that point. My guardian angels.
"Scott breaking our kiss pulled my shirt back over my arms and helped straighten me up. He guided me out of his lap to stand in front of him. As he rose he twisted me in step and looked around for safety through my gauntlet. Feeling secure he lifted my shirt up again exposing my tits. I froze in step watching my audience fondle them one by one, Scott turning me to allow those to my sides to cop a squeeze. OMG! There were 12 sets of hands on my tits in the rotation. 6 mouths sucked a nipple in passing. This was beyond belief and I was experiencing it.
"Turning me to face him Scott pulled my skirt up and passed my ass around as a follow up. Another turn had fingers touching my pussy. You can guess by then I really needed to masturbate. I giggled and informed Scott that's what I needed. He laughed at me and told me to do it. I had never stood up and masturbated before I told him. At first he told me there's a first time for everything. After a whispered suggestion by one of the two guys who had originally sat across from me Scott nodded with a demonic grin.
"Before I could ask what he had said, Scott pulled my clothes back into place, motioning everyone to spread out. I wasn't sure what was going on at that moment. Wheezing I let Scott lead me back to my table. Two men picked the table up and pulled it away from the planters some. I could still see the security guard. He was eating a burrito while talking to my savior. Totally oblivious to anything around him. I was shaking like a leaf.
"I was hugged from behind by Scott with his head on my shoulder as more tables were quietly moved next to mine. Squared off I had a very bad hunch what Scott and the guys intended. Wondering how could I get away with this I squirmed, knowing what I might be encouraged to do. Guys placing chairs up to the table began sitting down around it. I looked up at Scott asking him what was going on. He merely led me toward the planter and took a seat between it and the table, pulling me down to sit in his lap. For a few minutes he and I just talked.
"Calming my nerves he asked me if I wanted to be bolder. Hesitantly I questioned how much bolder? He reminded me that I wanted to masturbate. I wish I hadn't admitted that. He raised his voice to entice the others to get their feedback. Each of them wanted to watch me play with myself. I was uncertain scanning over my shoulder at the security guard.
A few minutes later he walked away back into the mall. My savior stepped back in awe of the seating arrangement as he grabbed a chair and joined everyone. I was wide-eyed the entire time listening to them whisper compliments my way. Swooning before long I felt Scott's hand slip under my skirt and rub my pussy. I tilted my head back with a soft OMG! while Scott whispered his thoughts. For the first time today he told me he would love to fuck me. My heart jumped out of my chest.
"I instantly grew shy because I sort of wanted a future hook up but on my terms not his. All I could do was giggle and hide my face. Fingers slipped inside me, one finger becoming two. I fell back into him as my expression told it all. I quivered as his fingers moved in and out. He told me to watch the others. I tried my hardest. Scott claimed my hand an brought it down to entice me into rubbing my own clit. Without too much encouragement I added my own stimulation to his fingers fucking me.
"Eyes glued to me I felt my body succumbing to our joint torture. He was fucking my pussy harder than ever. I was rubbing my clit to keep up with his pace. Moaning led to the guys raising their voices talking about sports and the like. No way were they able to speak over my rising tone. I was squealing as I covered my mouth with my free hand. It wasn't helping much.
"Huffing to catch my breath I was wiggling all over Scott's lap. I couldn't help myself I was beyond overdue to cum. I knew eyes from other tables suspected something but not one of them were inclined to create trouble. At one point I knew all I was loudly saying was SCOTT over and over between convulsions.
"My vision faded as my eyes rolled back into my head. I felt like blacking out from Scott's destruction between my legs. With a final brisk rub on my part I lost it. It was all Scott from that moment. I only recall letting out a shrill and steady howl as I squirted over Scott's fingers. I clung to him like a second skin at that point. My hands rising over my head to hug his scalp. It took me a number of good lengthy gasps to fight myself back to reality. OMG! I'll save you the continuation of those. I know I've said it twenty times at least.
"Congratulations overdue each of my viewers started to get up. I bolted upright and pleaded for them to stay awhile longer. A sudden sense of gratefulness made me want to thank each of them personally. Patting Scott's cheek to let me up I weakly stood. Uncaring what anyone thought at this point I merely tugged my skirt down and my shirt into full coverage. One at a time I moved around the tables and sat in their laps giving each of them a kiss on the cheek. Half of them rubbed my pussy. I let them. At this point in my day I didn't have any desire to deny them.
"On my last lap I said my goodbyes. Watching them all leave me alone with Scott. Crawling back into his lap I kissed him on the lips for another ten minutes. Once we ended our adventure I let him go. I'm sure he intended to race back to Kyle and let him know everything. I did remind him of my cell number. He quickly put it in his cell and text me for confirmation.
"I was exhausted by this. Emotionally, mentally, and physically. Watching Scott vanish into the crowd I sat alone awhile longer to catch up with my sanity. Laughing at myself I realized that one of my viewers, maybe even two took off with my bra and panties. I hope they enjoy them. I would get over their loss in a day or two. For today I need to reflect.
"Was I going too far? It wasn't like I fucked anyone, or given a blowjob. Not even at hand job. It was only a show. I teased. They teased. Would I do this again? You can bet on that. Would I allow Scott to fuck me sometime? Possibly. Kyle? Maybe. Jamie? Hard to say. I wasn't in any hurry for intercourse. I'm happy with what the day offered me.
"I knew one thing for dead certain. I can't, won't stop teasing guys. Now more than ever I needed to torture them. At least I have new shoes and a jersey. Knowing to conserve the rest of my paycheck I called it a successful day. On my way out I ran into three of my viewers. Numbers were exchanged. So much fun. Was I on the way to becoming a slut? The jury is still out on that one.
"I'll keep you all posted to any further exploits. This is Violet signing out. Oh, one last thing.
"OMG!
"Sorry I couldn't resist. Am I torturing you?
"God I hope so."