I WASN'T CONVINCED, BUT THE COMMENTS AND EMAILS YOU HAVE SENT THINK THAT THERE IS SOME MORE IN THIS STORY, SO HERE IS PART 5.
FOR NEW READERS I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU CATCH UP WITH THE PREVIOUS STORIES TO GET THE BACKGROUND AND UNDERSTAND THE CHARACTERS.
*
Jane raised her car window, gave me a naughty smile and drove off before I could answer. I stood there dumbfounded. Here I was, a man the wrong side of 50, standing virtually naked in the middle of a secluded wood having just been wanked and sucked off by Jane before finishing myself by cumming over her tits while she played with herself. She seemed to have enjoyed a satisfying orgasm too.
Jane was a young lady I had met on the internet who had very clear exhibitionist tendencies. When I came across her on the 'net I was amazed to find we were commuting companions and lived near each other. After a few web cam sessions and then meeting on the train, we had ended up where I now stood. The last few days' defied logic; surely they didn't happen in real life and certainly didn't happen to Mr. Average like me. That being said, there was no disputing the fact I was standing in a wood with a now flaccid prick, having just cum all over Jane's tits as she had asked for.
I smiled to myself as I gathered my clothes, got dressed and headed home to suburban ordinariness. The partner, the ordinary sex, the 9-5 work life and all that went with being Mr. Average.
Jane had said she looked forward to our next commute, and, while I was too, I was also very concerned that her exhibitionist nature would know no bounds and could lead us into some very serious trouble.
I got home and by the time I went to bed I knew that I would not be able to sleep. My mind was still running on overdrive and replaying the events of the last few days. Unfortunately this replay lead to me developing an erection; one that I did my best to hide from my partner as somehow, despite being aroused, my thoughts were not for her, but for Jane. Giving up any attempt to sleep, I silently went downstairs and turned the computer on.
Jane had emailed me.
"Thanks for a brilliant time earlier. I was so turned on I had to come back and relieve myself again. Hope you enjoyed the experience; we need to think of what we can do next. XX"
I closed the email and leant back in my seat and pondered. I obviously enjoyed what we had done and wondered where it would lead. But as a mature man I had to be sensible. If we had been caught doing what we did on the train, lives and reputations, relationships and careers would be ruined.
Eventually, my mind still in turmoil, I went back to bed and got some sleep before rising and getting myself ready for the morning commute.
Jane arrived on the platform with seconds to spare and managed to get on the train, but we were not able to sit or stand near each other. I did see her smile at me and we kept catching each other's eye. At the terminus I got off the train and waited for her on the platform. She got off the train and I noticed she was wearing a short dress, and by the way her breasts moved as she walked towards me, I would guess she was not wearing a bra. Again.
Jane smiled at me and quietly said: "Hi, shame we couldn't be together. I have nothing on under this."
"Oh, yes, shame," I stuttered.
"I need your mobile phone number," she said. "I have a great idea."
"Ok," I said, now both aroused and intrigued.
She got her phone out and tapped the keyboard as I gave her my phone number.
"I suppose I should put you down as Mr V."
"Mr.V?"
"Voyeur!" she laughed, making me smile too.
As we got through the barriers, she smiled at me and said. "I think you will enjoy today, see you later. Normal train?"
I nodded as she rushed off into the distance.
My phone rang to indicate I had a text message at about 10.30.
'I hope I can interrupt your day and cause some fun. Jane xx'
As I read it, another text came in. There was no message, but an attachment. Opening it there was a picture of Jane, smiling at the camera with that knowing, teasing, almost mocking smile of hers.
Over the next 10 minutes, numerous other texts came in. One of her breast. One with both breasts.
I don't know how she did it, but one of her bum. 'Surely she didn't get someone else to take it', I thought to myself.
Another text came in of her pussy and then one came in, again of her pussy, but with her legs apart and the picture showed her with her fingers deep inside her.
The final text came in with the message; 'I hope you enjoyed them as much as I did and I have just had the most amazing orgasm. XX'
I certainly had enjoyed them and I had a huge erection that I was trying to hide, realising that if I had to stand up, my arousal would be clear for any of my work colleagues to see.
I was considering what to reply with when a colleague interrupted my thoughts. "Bloody hell, you OK. Your phone has gone crazy!"
"Yes," I replied smiling at him, "some junk text messages."
"Oh, they are so annoying aren't they," he said before returning to his work.
I put my phone on silent so it wouldn't annoy anyone else before I finally decided what to say: 'Of course I enjoyed them and would like to cum too, you can imagine the reaction the pics caused. XX'
A response soon came back. 'Go on, relieve yourself and tell me about it.'
'Very funny, but not so easy and I will not go to the toilet and wank lol. XX'
'Shame,' she wrote back, 'I would have enjoyed imagining that and would have asked for a pic.'
This last text did nothing to help me try and reduce my erection, so I decided not to respond and hope by concentrating on my work and the tedium of double entry book keeping, P&L accounts and accrued interest would do the job. Thankfully they did.
I received another text at about 4.30. Again it was a picture from Jane, this time it was of the top of her legs, her legs slightly apart, and her dress pulled up as far as it could be without actually showing her pussy. Another text came through. 'I do hope you will sit next to me on the train. XX'
I felt the blood rush to my prick at the thought and I now had a very good idea what to expect on the journey home.
A finished my work and headed out of the office and was soon standing at the platform indicator boards at the station. I was there only a matter of seconds before Jane stood beside me. Looking up at me a smiling she said: "Today was fun wasn't it?"
I nodded and smiled. "Yes, very."
"Did you enjoy them?"
I nodded.
"I really wanted to think of you aroused and doing something about it," she whispered while looking around to see nobody was looking at us, let alone hearing us.
"Ha, ha," I said quietly.
"Come on let's get on the train early today," Jane said as she headed to the ticket barrier. I noticed she had a shopping bag with her, one that I hadn't seen this morning. While the platform hadn't been announced, as all regular commuters know, as creatures of habit, you can be fairly sure what platform your normal train will depart from.
We stood beside the closed doors for a minute or so before the indicator boards told us we had chosen the correct platform. The doors opened and Jane led her way to two seats by a window. The train was soon filling up and we were just two commuters sitting beside each other. She nonchalantly looked out of the window as I felt her left leg touch my right one. I looked down and saw she had opened her legs and her dress had slid up. A deft movement and her dress rose again, her legs parted a bit further and in one, she placed a shopping bag on her lap, hiding her upper thighs from anyone that may have been prying. As she had done so successfully before, nobody would have noticed anything unless they had been studying her every movement.
The train was soon pulling out of the station and I sensed and felt a slight movement beside me. I looked down and saw that Jane's right hand was between her legs. She was alternating her look from me to out of the window as I sensed the very slight movement of her hand as she, I assumed started exploring herself. Everything was hidden by the shopping bag and nobody was standing in the isle beside me. Her legs parted some more and she removed her hand and then, with her left hand she slowly grabbed my right hand and placed it between her open thighs. Needing no second invite I slowly moved my hand higher until I felt the heat and moisture of her pussy. I felt Jane move and heard the slightest sigh as my finger slid up her wet crack and circle her clit. I was looking out of the window, trying to look uninterested as I continued exploring her pussy, before she opened her legs a fraction wider and silently implored me to enter her. As my finger slipped inside her, I felt her pussy muscles clasp around it and she closed her eyes. Silently and with the slightest of movements I finger fucked her and then, after a while removed my finger and slid it up and rubbed her clit.
As I did so, I looked around the carriage. Nobody could see us; nobody was looking at us, nobody cared. Everyone was deep in thought, reading, listening to music or sleeping, totally unaware of me fingering Jane's wet cunt. As the train rocked its way along the track, I sensed that Jane was very close to cumming. Her clit hardened against my exploring finger and her eyes were shut, as if asleep like so many of the other commuters. I sensed her trying to spread her legs further apart and try and match my rhythm as I alternated inserting a finger inside her and rubbing her clitoris.
She grabbed my wrist with her hand and froze as it became clear I had made her cum.
In a public carriage, full of commuters, I had fingered her sopping wet pussy and rubbed her hard clit to make her orgasm in this train. I could sense her fighting the urge to cry out and control her breathing as the climax consumed her.
With the slightest of movements I moved my hand away from her open thighs and without trying to draw attention to us, I put my wet fingers close to my nose, taking in the intoxicating smell of Jane's cum. I quickly looked around; re-confirming nobody was taking any notice of us and licked my fingers, loving the taste of Jane's cum.
I was aware we were not far from our station. As Jane moved and lowered her dress, I was aware I was rock hard and leaving the train in this predicament would be difficult, but nevertheless something I would have to do.
As the train pulled into the station I stood up, ignoring Jane in the seat next to me, and swiftly rearranged my hardness to enable me to walk without showing my arousal to my fellow commuters.
Jane followed me off the train and we walked in silence to the car park. As I stood beside my car she didn't stop but smiled at me as she said: "Not bad for a warm up. The woods again?"
I nodded. I got into my car and headed to the same place we had used yesterday. As I approached the spot, I was disappointed to see that someone else had parked there and, presumably, was now deep in the woods walking their dog or something.
I stopped and waited and a few minutes later saw Jane's car draw up alongside me. "We have company," she said as she lowered her window.
"Yes, could make life awkward," I said.
"Or interesting!"
"Yeah, very," I replied.
"Let's go further in," Jane said as she put her car in gear and drove off.
Another half or mile into the woods and after a few bends, Jane stopped.
I pulled up behind her and got out of my car. Walking towards her, she got out and stood beside her car, smiling at me with that smile I had come to know. Part mocking, part superiority, part lust.
"That was a nice journey on the train wasn't it?" she said.
I stopped a few feet in front of her. "Yes, it most certainly was," I replied smiling at her.
"You made me cum and I couldn't cry out!"
"I know, and it must have been difficult."
Jane nodded. Neither of us said anything and I didn't know what, if anything would happen next.
After a short period, as usual, the decision was taken from me. Jane looked at me and smiled. "I want you to make me cum again, but this time there will be no holds barred. I am still so horny."
I didn't know what to say, but as I pondered, Jane started undoing the buttons of her dress and in seconds was standing naked in front of me. She looked at me, full of lust. "I don't care who sees us, who hears us. I want you to make me cum!"
I stepped forward and reached out and gently cupped her breasts, holding them and caressing them, feeling the nipples harden. Jane closed her eyes and I heard her sigh.
I moved my hands down her sides and leant forward and sucked on one of her hard nipples as my hands moved over her hips and my right hand slid down over her sparse pubic hair. She moved to open her legs to allow me to explore her. Her pussy was still wet from our activity on the train as I slowly let my finger slide along her crack, over her clit and down to her hole. I slowly entered her and at the same time sucked really hard on her nipple.
"Oh, yes, harder," she sighed.
I did as she asked and entered her hot wet cunt with another finger as I sucked harder and harder on her engorged nipple that got bigger and bigger in my mouth. Jane started bucking against my fingers as I finger fucked her.
"Oh God, yes, that is great, don't stop. I so want to cum!" she cried.
With two fingers fucking her, I moved my thumb over her clit.
"Oh fuck yes!" she shouted without a care in the world.
I fingered her faster, sucked on her nipple harder as I sensed her impending climax.
"Don't stop, don't stop, I'm cumming, god yes I'm cumming!" Jane cried as she bucked harder and harder and her muscles inside her cunt grabbed my invading fingers.
As her orgasm subsided I released her nipple from my mouth and withdrew my fingers. Her breathing was slowly returning to normal when the silence was broken:
"You disgusting dirty bastards, get a room you filthy bastards!"
Jane and I looked around to see an old lady walking along the path. Dog lead in hand and dressed for a country walk. We had no idea how long she had been there or how much she had seen, but obviously she had seen a naked young women being sexually stimulated by a fully clothed 50 something year old man.
Jane looked at her and, without any obvious signs of embarrassment shouted: "What's the matter, jealous? Do you want him to make you cum? He is very good you know!"
The old lady just looked aghast and quickened her step and was soon out of sight.
We both started laughing at the same time. "That will give her something to talk about," Jane said as she managed to control her laughing.
"My God, yes!" I replied.
Jane was still standing naked in front of me. Her post orgasmic climb down having been rudely interrupted by the old lady.
"God, I needed that!" Jane said. "What you did on the train was just a warm up. That was great!" she sighed.
Feeling very smug I replied; "My pleasure."
Jane stepped towards me and slowly and gently ran her hand along my obvious hard cock. Without saying a word she lowered my zip and felt through my clothing to find my prick.
She looked me straight in the eyes as she got on her knees and then undid my belt and lowered my trousers and boxers. She gently stroked my hardness before engulfing it with her lips, putting more and more of it into her until most of it was inside her hot and warm mouth. I had never received a deep throat before but this was the closest I had ever had. She gently licked the end and sucked before withdrawing a bit, then putting more of my hardness inside her. She face fucked me. There can be no other description. Her lips were locked around my prick as she fucked me with her mouth. Sucking and licking and making me go in and out of her mouth, there was only one thing that was going to happen and it wasn't far away. I held her head as she moved my prick in and out. Jane looked up at me and saw the lust and enjoyment written all over my face.
She wouldn't stop, I couldn't stop, I was about to cum. If she didn't let go I was about to fill her mouth with my hot and salty seed.
"I am gonna cum!" I cried.
Jane murmured her acknowledgement and never slowed down. In and out I went. She licked and sucked me and I knew that this was the moment. I grabbed her head to stop her moving as I made one last thrust and shot my cum inside her receptive mouth. Shot after shot of my seed filled her mouth as I felt her try and swallow as much as she could without gagging.
As my last spurt filled her mouth I let go of her head and she let my now less than hard prick fall from her mouth.
Licking her lips, she stood up and smiled at me. "I think we are now both feeling a bit better aren't we?"
"You can say that again," I said as I started to re-dress.
Jane was still naked in front of me, making no attempt to cover her nudity. I didn't know what to expect but knew, as a mere man, I was spent for a while.
An awkward silence was broken by Jane moving towards her car and kneeling on her car seat, her bum in the air, her pussy exposed and her looking over her shoulder at me and saying: "Lick me; I want to cum on your tongue."
The bum, that's where it all started, and there it was in its naked glory and she was asking me to make her cum.
I approached her and got on my knees. I caressed her bum, the cheeks filled my hands as I leant forward and started running my tongue along her crack, inside her, around her clit before going back inside her. I pushed my tongue as far inside her as I could, enjoying the squelching sound and her appreciative murmurs. I fucked her with my tongue as my hands roamed over that perfect bum of hers. My fingers were spread and got close to her rear rose bud, but I was unsure of exploring there, getting no indication one way or the other. Not wanting to push things too far, I did not get any closer but enjoyed the taste of Jane's juices flooding my tongue and filling my mouth as I continued my oral attack.
She soon started to push against me and started to urge me to give her more, tongue her harder, and make her cum.
Within seconds she cried out that she was cumming and I noticed the change in taste as she came all over my face and tongue.
I stepped back and surveyed what was in front of me. A pulsating pussy that had only just orgasmed, the most perfect bum that had filled my hands and a young woman that had taken me to places that even my most deep routed fantasy would not have fulfilled.
What the hell would happen next?