Highland Games (Part 5)
-----------------
Sunday, 4 October
------------------
Edward felt his thigh muscles burning, his heart thumping and his hot breath rasping in his throat as together, he and Jo neared the peak.
"Keep going, I'm nearly there!" he heard Jo panting as they encouraged each other to go higher and higher, so near their goal now.
"I'm not sure I can!" he gasped, as he felt a drop of sweat roll off his forehead and sting his eyes.
"Just a little more, keep going!" the blonde pleaded urgently.
With a final flurry of lung bursting effort, they were there, emerging from the darkness into the blinding light.
Edward staggered out of leafy shade of the dense cover, a cooling breeze caressing his skin as they cleared the tree line and emerged into the bright daylight of the hilltop
"Oh God!" Edward panted, staggering to a nearby picnic table and sitting down heavily, his head between his knees, his chest heaving, his lungs on fire.
"Good effort, champ," Jo said, resting a hand on his shoulder. Annoyingly, she sounded like she was barely out of breath.
"God, I think I'm having a heart attack," Edward said breathlessly, clutching his chest.
"Come on, you're just a bit out of shape. Although if you want some mouth-to-mouth..." Jo laughed as she lightly kissed the moist salty skin of his forehead.
It had only been about half-an-hour since they set off from the car park at the base of the hill, but he was already exhausted. It had been quite a steep run up through the woodland track, and at times the only thing that had kept him going had been Jo's encouraging shouts and the sight of her lithe body a few yards in front of him, her blonde ponytail swinging back and forth, her tight grey shorts stretched over the firm globes of her buttocks as she jogged along with effortless ease, her long legs eating up the ground.
At least it had been cool and shady on the way up. Up at the top, there was a large grassy area, where the sun warmed a number of wooden picnic tables, and reflected off the roof of a white ice-cream van. There were a few people scattered around taking pictures and on the table next to them, a family sat down and started unpacking a picnic.
Jo stood in front of him, a hand shading her pale blue eyes as she took in the view. From up here you could all the way to the English channel, a narrow strip of silvery grey just beyond the south downs. Over to her left, she could hear the faint roar as, below them, miniature planes took off from a distant airport. To her left there were miles and miles of open countryside, patches of green and yellow divided by thin ribbons of grey roads and fuzzy hedgerows
He slowly regained his breath, whilst running his eyes up over her body. She was wearing a tiny pair of light grey shorts and a cobalt blue sports bra, both of them skin-tight and made of Lycra so that they clung to her slick skin, revealing all of the subtle planes and lean curves of her hot young body.
She was only a few inches from him and he fought the urge to reach out and grasp her slim hips, drawing her to him as he leant forward and kissed the smooth, salty skin of her stomach. He knew she was just wearing a tiny g-string under those shorts and he imagined slowly easing her shorts and panties down and kissing her bare thighs as he hands squeezed her firm buttocks, holding her in place. Licking and caressing her sex until her little cries of protest turned into moans of surrender.
He finally straightened up, his eyes lingering over her pert boobs as she stared into the distance, a hand shading her sky blue eyes.
"Err, enjoying the view?" he said.
"Not as much as you," she grinned, noting the way his eyes mentally undressed her.
"Yeah well, for once, I think I may be hotter than you, " he said, hoping he didn't look any more flushed as he wiped the sweat out of his eyes with a corner of his white t-shirt.
"Well in that case, I think it's time for that ice-cream," she replied.
"Ice-cream?"
"Yeah, you remember, 'last one to the top buys the ice-creams'. That's what you said back at the car park. Loser!"
---
"Told you it was a good view, didn't I?" he said, as they walked away from the van, licking their ice-creams, plain vanilla for him, pistachio for her.
"You were right for once, this is great," she said, waving an arm that swept across the view.
"Come on, there's an even better view down here," Edward said. "I found it the last time I was here."
He took her hand and led her down a tiny, easy-to-miss path just off the main trail. It was badly overgrown and they had to be careful, picking their way through a twisted tangle of brambles, stinging nettles and hawthorn bushes that crowded the path. At the end, it opened up into a tiny clearing cut into the side of the hill, just broad enough for a single wooden bench. The trees in front had been cleared, providing a different, but equally beautiful, view as from the top.
"Hey, this is great, I knew there had to be some advantage to going out with you," Jo said, sticking out her moist green tongue as she sat down.
They sat quietly for a while, enjoying the ice-cold, creamy taste and the feel of the fresh breeze on their warm skin. Edward finished his ice cream first, munching his way through the wafer cone, then turned and watched Jo. Just about everything she did seemed sexy to him, but watching her close her eyes as she savoured the taste, her pointed little tongue slowly lapping at the creamy surface was undeniably hot, and he felt his cock stir in his shorts.
Jo noticed him watching out of the corner of her eye; she began to lap at her ice-cream with long, slow licks, shaping the ice cream into a tight cone, then slowly drew it back and forth between her plump pink lips as if she were performing fellatio.
"Always the tease," he laughed as he watched her
"I don't know what you mean," she giggled, fluttering her eyelashes innocently.
"Hey!" she exclaimed as he scooped a finger-full of her ice cream and held it up in front of her lips. She couldn't resist. He held his breath as she hungrily drew his finger between her icy lips, her tongue swirling around his finger and flicking over his fingertip, licking it clean in a sexy, feline way. He felt himself grow harder at the sheer eroticism of the moment.
They were fooling around with the ice cream so much that it began to melt, a thin green trickle rolling down over her fingers and wrist, the drops splashing on her sports bra.
"Oops, what a messy girl," she giggled.
Slowly, Edward leaned over and placed a hand on her thigh.
"Oh!" she said, as he twisted towards her, his head suddenly next to her chest, his tongue lapping at the spots, the bright green slowly fading into the deep blue background. She moaned as more drops splashed on her top and he licked at them hungrily. Her sports bra was quite robust, but soon they could both see the faint dimples caused by her nipples.
"Oh, Edward!" she gasped as his agile tongue caressed one of her peaks through the stretchy Lycra. Before long, he was kissing his way up the bare slope of her breast, her shoulders. Her straw blonde hair was tied back in a short ponytail and he took full advantage, kissing the exposed skin of her neck and nibbling at her ear, before twisting his head sideways and sharing a delicious, pistachio-flavoured French kiss.
"Jesus, Edward, we shouldn't be doing this," she whispered, but didn't stop him as he eased on of the thick, elastic straps over her shoulder, his cold vanilla lips caressing the bare skin beneath. He felt his cock grow another inch as he tugged her stretchy bra upwards, one of her pert boobs spilling out.
"What if someone sees us?" she gasped as she felt his eager lips exploring her pale nakedness. Her exposed nipple was tiny and strawberry pink, and he teased her a little by running the tip of his tongue around it in lazy circles.
"But that's what you find arousing, isn't it? The thought of being caught turns you on," he said, as his lips closed around the tight little peak.
"Cocky bastard," she moaned affectionately, both irritated and happy that he seemed to know her so well after only a few weeks. It was just so naughty fooling around like this, out here in a public space and the thought of someone stumbling across them or even secretly watching them from the bushes caused hot tingles to run up and down her spine.
She watched with growing arousal, as he used two fingers to scoop up some of still frosty ice cream.
"Oh!" she gasped again as he smeared it on the warm skin of her breast, icy tingles making her shiver. Feeling her nipple instantly harden into a stiff little peak as the cold suddenly replaced the soft, warmth of his tongue. They watched as her body heat caused it to melt, thick green drops rolling over her breast. She caught her breath as he began to lap at the bright green splashes, arching her back as he worked his way up over her breast, hungrily lapping at her skin, her flesh tingling in anticipation.
"Mmmm," she sighed happily, leaning back and closing her eyes as she felt his warm tongue lapping at her tiny, ultra-sensitive bud. Licking and sucking and nipping as her body responded, a moist warmth spreading between her thighs.
The ice cream cone dropped from her hand, forgotten, as she watched his hand slide up over her thigh and begin to caress her mound through the tight, thin Lycra of her shorts.
"God, it feels so good," she sighed, spreading her legs a little wider as his hand moved in slow circles and his rough lips suckled her tight nipple. She felt herself grow even hotter as his strong fingers started to plough the moist furrow between her legs. Reaching over, she slid a hand over his baggy navy blue shorts, feeling a fresh surge of arousal at the steely hardness pressing against the material, eager to escape.
She heard him moan, a low animal-like growl at the back of his throat as she began to stroke him, feeling him swell and thicken excitingly.
"Come on, I want to fuck you," he growled, tugging impatiently at the waistband of her shorts.
"We can't, not here, it's too dangerous," she protested, but even as she was saying it she knew that was exactly what she wanted. What her body demanded. He was right, she did find it dangerous. Anyone could come along and find them fucking like animals and that's what made it exciting, made her g-string damp.
She kicked her shoes off and stood on wobbly legs, helping him slide her thin shorts and skimpy undies down over her legs. She pulled her bra up over her head and suddenly she was as naked as the birds singing in the trees above them.
"Quickly, get your shorts off," she whispered urgently, her voice tense and excited, as he sat and stared at her naked body. Her thighs were a little paler than the rest of her body and he couldn't help staring at her beautiful pussy with its swollen, prominent lips beneath the thin strip of platinum blonde hair. It looked like an exotic flower, the orchid pink petals glistening with her sweet nectar.
"You're such a bad boy," she said breathlessly as he lifted his bottom and tugged his shorts down to his knees, his lovely long cock springing free, pointing at the blue sky, as thick and sinuous as the trunks of the young saplings that hid them from the main path. She was unable to look away as he spat on his hand and slowly spread the slickness along his long shaft. The bench's surface was rough and hard on her knees, a little painful, but that was quickly forgotten as she wrapped her slender fingers around his prick and rubbed the shiny purple head along her juicy slit, slowly up and down, teasing herself for once. With her free hand she parted her labia, exposing the swollen pink lips within.
Then they were both groaning, a lusty duet of satisfaction as she slowly impaled herself, inch by inch, on his thick cock, his thick shaft stretching her silky wet pussy lips thrillingly as her thigh muscles strained. Edward resisted the urge to grab her buttocks and start thrusting deep inside her, although that's what every fibre of his body was screaming for. Instead, he rested his hands on her slim hips and tilted his head back, as she kissed him, savouring the tight embrace of her velvety pussy.
She gripped the back of the bench as she began to fuck him, her hips sliding back and forth. He had a great view of her small but firm boobs and he couldn't resist the urge to lick and suck at her nipples as they gently bounced up and down in front of his face until they were as hard as hazelnuts.
"Oh God, it's so good, so good," she was moaning. Her bottom was resting against his thighs as she slowly rocked back and forth, loving the feeling of his throbbing cock filling her completely.
He watched through half-open eyes as she slid a hand down over her stomach and used a wet fingertip to draw ever-decreasing circles around her swollen clit. Jo closed her eyes, a long, low growl of pleasure escaping her moist, pink lips as she pleasured herself.
He squeezed her eyes shut, moving his hips in time with hers, feeling her body tremble, hearing her trying not to moan too loudly as she strummed a finger across her achingly sensitive clit.
All that foreplay with the ice cream had gotten her feeling so hot and in no time at all she was almost there, her juices coating his swollen shaft as she slid up and down, gradually getting faster and faster as she felt her climax approach. Out of nowhere, they suddenly heard voices. Voices maybe thirty yards away; it sounded like an elderly couple.
"Where are you going, Jeff?" a woman's voice called.
Despite the danger, Jo was so hot and so close now, she simply couldn't stop as she bounced up and down happily, all her muscles tensed as she raced towards her goal.
"I'm just seeing what's down here," she heard a gruff voice reply, about twenty yards away.
The sudden surge of adrenaline at the thought of being discovered naked and fucking like animals and the feel of Edward's teeth gently closing around one of her hard, little nipples combined to push her over the edge, and suddenly she was coming, biting Edward's shoulder to stop herself screaming as the intensely pleasurable orgasm rushed through her.
"I don't think that leads anywhere," the female voice called.
Edward felt Jo's body go rigid, and he realised she was cumming as he felt her tight pussy rhythmically squeezing his cock and her sharp, little teeth clamped around his skin.
"Hang on, I'm just having a look..."
He tried to think of something else to stop himself cumming, but her orgasm seemed to go on forever, her quivering body pressed tightly to him, her thighs grinding against his, her pussy relentlessly squeezing his swollen cock and suddenly he came too, his head thrown back, his mouth wide open in a silent scream of pleasure. He heard her sigh contentedly, her warm breath on his ear, as he felt his balls contracting, his hot spunk surging deep inside her trembling body
"Come on, we haven't got all day. The car park runs out in an hour, come on let's head back."
"All right, all right" the man grumbled.
Jo and Edward, their hot bodies still entwined, felt a cool surge of relief as the voices receded into the distance.
---
"Bloody hell, Edward, that was so naughty!" Jo giggled as she stepped into her shorts and underwear and quickly pulled them up over her slender legs.
"I know, if getting fit is going to be this much fun, I reckon I'll be running marathons in a few weeks!"
"Yeah," she said as he handed over her bra, "and I reckon pistachio ice cream is never going to taste quite the same again!"