We crossed the road to the multi storey car park, taking turns in kissing Suzi and squeezing her colossal tits. Suzi, as a fervent exhibitionist, was thriving on the avid attention, slipping her tongue in our mouths at every given opportunity, squeezing our cocks and playing the part of the unfaithful slut to perfection. I noticed a small metal object driven through her nipples ensuring they stayed erect. I'd never noticed that her nipples were pierced and I must admit, this was quite arousing.
As we walked up to their car, Jim opened the doors and said.
"You guys get in the back and get to know each other!" He laughed as he climbed in to the drivers seat. Suzi opened the rear door, smiling as she said.
"You get in first and get your cock out! I want to slide my pussy along your length!"
I unzipped my flies as requested, exposing my erect eight inches to Suzi. Her eyes widened with delight as she placed her warm hand around my throbbing cock, stroking the flesh slowly as she licked my earlobe.
"I'm looking forward to the ride home!" She giggled enjoying her double entendre.
I eased along the back seat, with my pole sticking straight up, as Suzi climbed in to the car.
Hoisting her dress above her waist, she revealed her garter belt, black stockings and magnificent shaved pussy. Stretching her right leg across my lap, she positioned herself directly on to the shaft of my cock. Her fleshy pussylips opened as her hot tight wet slit enveloped my shaft, as she began to slide her hairless slit along my length.
Suzi moaned softly and whispered.
"Jim you're going to enjoy watching this cock fuck me almost as much as I'm going to enjoy feeling it stretch me! It's so much bigger than yours!" She smiled, then kissed me deeply.
Her pussy had slid to the head of my cock and felt as though her pussylips were kissing my purple glans. She slid in the opposite direction, tormenting my length, the heat and wetness of her tight pussy, teasing my cock delightfully. I eased her tight dress above her wondrous tits, seeing her erect pierced nipples for the first time. I took the erect nipple between my teeth and began to softly nibble on the aroused flesh. Suzi moaned, sliding her pussy back and forth along the length of my shaft. Suckling on her nipples, I placed my hands on her firm round ass. Pulling her cheeks apart, she moaned softly, whispering the word "Yes!" repeatedly.
"Fucking hell Suzi, he sounds like he's really doing you!" Jim laughed, catching as much of the action in the rear view mirror as was possible.
I placed my fingertip at her asshole and slowly slid the tip beyond her sphincter.
"Oh Jim! His cock is awesome and he's a naughty fucker as well!" She panted "He's fingering my ass already!" She moaned.
"I told you she was a dirty slut!" Jim grinned.
"I'm going to have to put this cock inside me! This is so good I think it might make me squirt!"
Suzi smiled at me then kissed me sensually.
"Lets see how this really feels!" She purred, blowing softly into my ear.
She slid her pussy toward the head of my cock, with a slight gyration of her hips, my cock slid inside her delightfully tight pussy. Suzi moaned as my cock slid effortlessly into her unfaithful pussy. She eased the length inside her, and began to ride my cock slowly as she gave Jim an almost breathless running commentary.
"Oh fuck Jim, he's sliding his cock inside me inch by inch. It's so much bigger and harder than yours!" She teased and tormented her husband.
"Jim he's fucking me and fingering my ass!" She panted hoarsely, riding my cock slowly.
Suzi held the cheeks of my face with her hands, grazing her lips against mine as her warm panting breath flowed into my own mouth, followed by her slithering tongue.
I couldn't believe I was inside Suzi, fucking her tight shaved pussy, fingering her wonderful ass, all as her husband drove us to their home, where I could fuck his wife in comfort.
"Jim will join us for a fuck and a little double penetration, for which I'll keep my Stockings on, then you and I will spend the night together where you can do whatever you want to me, and if you want I'll wear something sexy for you while you fuck me like a slut!" Suzi panted.
"I can really do anything?" I questioned not believing my own ears.
"You can do anything you want and you don't need to ask me! Treat me like a slut!" Suzi squirmed.
"Anything you want mate, she's such a slut!" Jim piped up "She'll let you can fuck her ass, cum in her mouth, get her to wear something kinky, just about anything!"
"You can even take a few souvenir photo's if you wish!" Suzi smiled lustfully.
I shook my head in disbelief as Suzi slid her tight shaved pussy up and down my length.
"Jim will want to fuck my ass when you guys double penetrate me!" She answered, riding my cock sensually "He'll shoot his spunk into my mouth, then leave us alone to fuck all night if you want!"
I nodded my head like a scolded schoolboy, mesmerised at the thought of fucking Suzi's ass and spunking in her mouth. I would be fucking this hot slut wife all night and taking souvenir pics. I wanted to pinch myself to ensure this was not a dream.
"If you want to spunk inside me before we get home, you can!" She smiled "Jim likes to lick the spunk out of my fucked pussy and I can suck your cock back to hardness while he licks up your spunk!"
I pulled Suzi close to me as I began to pump and squirt hot creamy seed inside the best pussy I'd ever known. Suzi rode my cock majestically as she moaned loudly.
"Oh fuck Jim I'm coming! He's squirting his spunk deep inside me!"
Suzi continued to ride my cock, enjoying her own orgasm, synchronised with mine.
Sh kissed me softly, her panting breath wafting into my mouth as her exposed body moved like a slithering snake.
"My cunt is full of spunk!" she teased. still rolling her hips slowly with my semi erect cock still inside her.
"Does it feel like it will taste delicious?" Jim laughed.
"Jim, you'll love tonguing this spicy spunk out my cunt! I'm going to suck his cock hard again, licking his balls and asshole as you lick this spunk out of me!" She moaned as her orgasm swept over her.