Since her statue shenanigans and her idea inspiring naked stroll through the building, Christine had taken a break to prevent any slips that would get her discovered. She also put her effort into ironing out all of the details of her future adventures.
One of her new great ideas to improve the club was to install security cameras. She had them installed inside and throughout the course and oversaw the installation. When setting up the system, she had them give her all the passwords and super user access. This allowed her to view the club and maintain safety. It also allowed her to view her adventures on multiple cameras, download the footage to USB, and delete the evidence. Since she knew where all the cameras were, she could have a lot of fun and have it all documented. She could also lock up the new security room and lock down the system so nobody could watch her.
Once completed, she thought it was time to go back to her adventures. At home, she pulled up all the pictures of the pinup girls hanging in the men's quarters. She collected numerous outfits to match the pictures and found curtains to match the backdrops. She set up her camera and used a remote to click away. After several reshoots, makeup adjustments, wigs, and costume changes, she had what she needed. She was nervous but excited. She would be hanging up pictures for all to see her in lingerie, underwear, military uniforms, and even topless. She made sure that she looked like the pinup girls and not recognizable.
She didn't want it to be over, so with heavy makeup and wigs, looking completely different, she stripped completely naked and took photos of herself bending over, spreading her legs, on all fours, and in various other provocative positions, sometimes touching herself. She had all of the photos printed.
Christine brought the pictures to work the next day and kept them with her all day. She was so stressed that she carried the folder with her, refusing to put it down. After everyone left for the day, she did her night routine and locked down the place. Now was her chance. She turned off the cameras and went to the men's quarters. She looked at all the photos and soaked it in, knowing that the next time this club was open, members would be unknowingly looking at her. She went to the first picture and took the frame off the wall. It was a little above her reach so she pulled up a chair. She searched her folder for the matching recreation and switched it out. She kept the original and put the framed photo up on the wall. She stepped down and turned red, looking at a sexy photo of herself. It didn't appear obvious it was her, but she was still nervous.
She dragged the chair to the next picture and stepped up. She had to reach over a couch to grab it. While reaching, the chair slid and she fell, landing on the couch. The folder flew across the room, spreading her photos everywhere. She scrambled to collect them and looked at each wall photo to match them up. She grabbed all of the pornographic photos as well.
She carefully replaced each additional framed photo with herself. She also hid the pornographic pictures behind paintings, taped to the back of the art. If anyone were to replace these, they would be in for a big surprise. She turned the cameras back on, locked up, and left work.
The next week was uneventful and she assumed that nobody noticed that the pictures changed. She wanted to give it a week before she went back to the men's quarters, to keep the excitement and mystery alive. She liked to imagine that every golfer knew what she did and all the looks they gave her were because they saw her in various states of undress, including the two that showed her bare breasts. She also liked to imagine that they found the secret pictures and knew what she was becoming. After a week she received no comments or out-of-the-norm looks, so she felt she pulled it off. She secretly hoped someone would recognize her, but this was the better option.
She used her next day off to prepare for her craziest adventure yet. She was going to live out her fantasy and sit naked in the sauna while it was occupied. This would take precise timing and careful movements, as well as the perfect outfit. She bought men's golf clothing and practiced walking and talking like a man. She tested it harmlessly in public by going to the store dressed as a man. She had her hair pulled up and wrapped under a hat. A makeup pencil gave the appearance of a manlier, chiseled face. She went shopping in men's clothing stores and made eye contact with other shoppers. She got no comments and nobody suspected anything.
At home she reviewed her notes on foot traffic at the club. She wanted people there, but not too big of a crowd. It looked like 2:30 consistently had a small presence in the locker room. That's when she would go. She booked her most oblivious employee, John, at the desk at that time.
When the time was approaching, she let John know she was taking a late lunch. She ducked into the security office where she hid her bag. She quickly did her makeup trick and pulled up her hair. She stripped naked and put on the men's clothes. She had to be careful since she wouldn't be able to wear a bra. She watched the cameras to see when nobody was around, took a deep breath, and stepped out. She walked across the hall towards the locker room. John barely looked up. She entered the men's quarters and headed to the locker room.
Here's where it gets tricky. She would have to wait until lockers were empty to strip and rush to steam room. She would bring two towels to conceal her exit, one to cover her waist like guys do and the other to drape over her head like she's flushed, with the towel hanging down to cover her tits. Walking carefully like this should prevent any suspicion. She won't be able to wrap a towel higher, since guys don't usually wrap towels around their chest.
The three guys in the locker room went to the steam room. She was alone now and had to move. She stripped quickly and jammed her clothes in the locker. She wrapped one towel around her waist and carried the other in front of her. She rushed to the steam room door and, out of breath, entered. She shut the door quickly behind her to preserve steam. Scared, she was holding her towel to hide her breasts. As she looked around, she couldn't see anyone. It would be difficult to move as you could only see shadows of people when they were right in front of you. She knew that at least 3 people were there, but not how many others.
She pulled off both towels to get the full effect and took baby steps to find a seat. She passed two shadows talking about their golf scores and saw another just past them. She knew that there was a group of three and assumed they must be near the back. She decided to sit amongst the front group. As she sat, she put the towels next to her. The two she passed greeted her. She kept it brief with a quick hello. She relaxed as best as she could, but couldn't help jumping with each noise. While sitting, two more people shuffled in. They were clumsy and noisy. They made a commotion with the first two people, and she heard "Watch it". This scared her. As they passed her, she noticed one was a large man. He stepped on her foot and started falling. She turned away from him and he just missed her. "Sorry dude" he said and kept stumbling past. That was a close one but at least she's still in the clear.
She wouldn't be able to stay in for long, so she decided to act on her ideas now. She spread her legs as far as she could to show off her pussy. She even rubbed herself a little. She then relaxed and listened for any hints of people. She only heard the golf game conversation and the new, probably drunk guys talking about sex. She listened in on that conversation. They were describing a girl they wanted to fuck. One talked about how they saw her on all fours and wanted to fuck her from behind. They went into graphic detail. She was getting turned on and even though they were overweight and crude, she imagined being that girl. She saw no shadows, so she hopped off the bench and imitated the position they described. She was taking a big risk, but it was so exciting. She was on all fours in the middle of the steam room, sticking her ass out. As they discussed "shoving my cock down her throat" and "fucking that sweet ass" she opened her mouth and bobbed on a pretend cock while wiggling her ass. She heard a noise so she jumped up back to the bench, tripping over her towel. She paused and heard a snicker, but nothing else so she was safe. She continued listening to their conversation and one mentioned how he just visited the end stall. They both laughed. The other mentioned that's his favorite activity, he doesn't miss an opportunity. She was confused and intrigued.
The guy alone near her got out, as did the two boring golf talkers, so she waited 5 minutes to give them time to shower. She grabbed her towel and wrapped it around her waist. She reached for the second towel, but it wasn't there. She felt around but couldn't find it. That drunken idiot must have knocked it away. While looking, another guy entered. He passed right in front of her, and sat down next to her. She could see his silhouette, which means he could see hers. She jumped up and made a hasty exit. She would improvise. She peaked her head out and saw a guy in the locker area so she ran to the toilets to not get spotted.
She went to hide in the first stall but remembered what they said about the end stall. It was empty so she chose that one. She entered and closed the door behind her. Right there, taped to the door, was the picture of her from behind, on all fours, looking over her shoulder and spreading her cheeks. She turned beet red. Those guys were talking about her picture, which she imitated in the steam room. She was mortified. How did anyone find this? She heard people saying goodbye so she peaked out and saw the locker room empty. She quickly ran to her locker and unlocked it. She dressed faster than ever and quickly put her hair under her hat. She walked out of the door and across the hall. Seeing nobody around, she ducked into the security room and changed again. As she walked out, she realized she should have grabbed the photo. She would grab it after work.
The rest of the day was uneventful. As Christine came down from her nerves, she replayed the events in her head. She realized that nobody said anything so nobody must have suspected anything. It was all so exciting and she found it oddly flattering that the members were admiring her picture. She decided to leave it up.
She needed to rest a little from this excitement, but knew that she could not stay away long. She wanted to do something extreme. She wanted to do something that would expose her, that would have every guy drooling over her. She wanted them to obsess over her naked body while she appears blissful and unaware. That's when the idea came to her. It would take some time to set up, but she would pull it off.