Holiday Fun Pt 06
Sally had got a little bag ready to take with her on her latest adventure: it contained several items of sexy lingerie. Her husband, Jim, had been back to the bar where a proposition had been made that if Sally agreed to pose for, and entertain a group of wealthy Greek business men, then they would make it worth her while.
The Greek bar owner had given Jim a couple of drinks on the house while making a few suggestions.
'Best if your wife doesn't look too keen, Mister. These men will get bigger turn on if they think she is a bit hesitant, reluctant, you know what I mean? Submissive and shy girls always look sexier than professional porn models. Last one kept going on about copyright of the photos and film - got a bit boring. But at the end of the day she must do enough to earn her money. I think you understand what I mean - shy, naive but submissive and willing!'
'Yeah,' Jim said, 'I get it. I've got a question, for you. What if word of this gets out and the police raid the premises?'
The barman smiled. 'If the police raid the bar they will find their Chief upstairs. Not likely to happen. We will have a few drinks down here, after I close the bar to the public; maybe the men get a little friendly with your wife, yes? They get to know her and then we all go upstairs and have some real fun. Tuesday night is when the men will gather. A couple of employees will set up the equipment for filming, lighting etc. You remind your wife these guys don't want a pro, they like an amateur, nervous and hesitant, so no need to try too hard.'
'I don't think she will have to pretend to be nervous if there are lots of cameras on her - and dubious looking men giving her orders. It's very different to having just one man take naughty pics.' Jim felt apprehensive himself.
They turned up at the venue around nine in the evening, purposely later than planned so neither of them would drink too much trying to settle their nerves. Sally was very aware that this was a different ball game altogether, as was her husband. They imagined the businessmen to be the Greek equivalent of a Mafia family.
As soon as they walked into the bar the owner met them, Stavros; a stereotypical Greek name for a stereotypical Greek bar owner. He walked them to a dark corner at the very back of the bar where a group of very dubious looking men were drinking and watching traditional Greek dancers. The couple correctly figured out that these were the businessmen Sally had to perform for, or at least some of them. When there was a lull in the entertainment Stavros told the men who they were but purposely failed to name the men. Drinks were put in front of Sally and Jim.
'I give you the same drinks you had last time here. If you want different the waiter will bring them for you. Tonight you pay for nothing, of course, compliments of the house.'
Sally already felt uneasy, conscious of the way the men eyed her up but stayed silent and unsmiling. She wore a lightweight black dress, showing some cleavage but re-membering what Jim had told her about the men wanting a 'naive, shy, regular housewife' had left her more raunchy outfits in the wardrobe. She showed enough of her bare thighs to create a bit of interest and had used her makeup and lipstick sparingly.
Another couple sat at a table at the far side of the group, looking very uncomfort-able Jim assumed they had unwittingly sat too close to this bunch of unfriendly men but were stuck there as the other tables were now taken.
Jim and Sally made conversation between themselves, almost mumbling and whis-pering, aware that the men were obviously assessing them with eyes and ears but not vocally. Suddenly Stavros moved amongst the group followed by a waiter with a tray of drinks. When fresh glasses were placed in front of the couple, together with the traditional complimentary small tot of Ouzo, Stavros beckoned for Sally to join him amongst the three tables the men were occupying. She poured a little water into the Ouzo to dilute the powerful anise flavoured alcohol and took a long sip - to fortify her jittery nerves. Standing she moved amongst the men.
'This is Sally,' their host said, introducing her to the men.
'Have you done this sort of thing before?' asked the one who appeared to be the most important man in the group.
'No,' Sally answered, her voice very nervy as a hand was already creeping up her in-ner thigh.
A voice from behind suggested they should have a look to see if her legs were a good shape. Right away she knew they were testing her to see if she flinched. The hand was joined by a second hand which lifted her dress right up to her belly, showing off her lacy sheer panties. The men spoke in their own language, taking their time ogling her crotch, as the hands behind stroked her buttocks and tickled her pussy. Actually, Sally wasn't the one being tested - Jim was. How would he react when he saw men fingering and mauling his wife and humiliating her in public? Jim kept his cool and sipped his drink. He watched as Sally was pulled down onto the lap of the main man. Without any attempt to show respect or finesse he pulled Sally's head toward his lips and forced his tongue into her mouth, at the same time kneading her left breast; her dress was still bunched up around her waist. When the man finally pulled his mouth away from her she was ordered to move over and let the others take turns to sample her charms. For the next ten minutes Sally was subjected to sexual fondling of varying degrees of rough treatment. Some delved inside her panties and fingered her pussy, while others unzipped the back of her dress, pulling down the front to expose her tits, sucking and biting her nipples.
Jim, watching helplessly, felt his excitement rise, butterflies in his belly started to make him breathless - and his cock went very hard.
It suddenly became clear that the bar was emptying out, being closed to the public. The party had already begun.
Jim also noticed the nervous couple at the other end of the room were still there - the diminutive wife was actually shaking, though unable to take her eyes off watch-ing what the men were doing to Sally; the husband stupefied and open mouthed, probably painfully aware that they were going to do the same with his tiny timid wife. Sally was too busy to notice, hands were all over her, fingers inside her. The boss man had passed her along and she'd been pushed against the wall and her dress lifted so all could watch her being groped and fingered. Jim caught the expres-sion on her face and knew it was beginning to turn her on.
When the party of businessmen and the two women were ushered upstairs Jim tried to follow but was held back by a doorman.
'You can come up in a while,' he said.
Knowing it was wise not to argue Jim joined the husband of the timid woman; for the time being they would remain ignorant or what went on upstairs.
In the room some of the men sat around on couches served drinks by two black waiters. Other men got their cameras ready for when the women exposed their bodies and performed. They were shown in to a small side room.
'This is where you will change into the costumes they want you to wear,' they were told.
Sally took the opportunity to talk to the other woman.
'I understood I was going to be the only woman present.'
'Maybe you were,' the timid woman uttered nervously. 'I'm not sure what they ex-pect of us.'
'Surely you know why your here? Didn't you and your husband make a deal - to pose for hard core sex photographs and to let them film you?' Sally was surprised by the woman's ignorance of the situation.
'Of course I knew it was going to involve sex, but no one told us exactly what would be involved.
As they chatted the women stripped off and examined the outfits they had been told to wear. Sally held up a flimsy piece of material that was a pair of transparent crotch-less panties.
'Oh my goodness,' the nervous woman cried almost breaking down in tears.
Sally was confused. 'If you're so ill-informed what the hell are you doing here?'
'My husband owes a debt to some bad men. Doing this won't cancel it out - but it will prevent him being beaten to a pulp and left in a ditch. We were just told to turn up here tonight.'
Though she looked terrified and dreading what was to come she undressed knowing there was no choice but to do what the men wanted. This wasn't what Sally had signed up for.
'What's your name,' Sally asked. Being told the woman wanted to be known as Dee, she offered her name.
'I guess it's too late for either of us to back out now,' Sally said, 'We'll just have to pose and perform for these guys. Have you had much experience of sex - with strangers I mean?'
Dee, looked startled, 'I thought we were here to just pose and be filmed. I saw what they did with you in the bar, so I'm prepared for them wanting to do the same with me. To answer your question, I'm not very experienced at all. The only man I've ever had sex with is my husband - his is the only erect penis I've ever seen.'
'I think that might change tonight, Dee!' Sally said.
Within minutes the women were paraded in front of the men wearing crotch-less panties, peephole bra's suspenders and stockings. They were told to pose in various ways for the men with cameras; legs wide apart, squatting down to show the camera open vaginas, bending over with backside facing the camera, and various other lewd positions. The task was easy for Sally; she saw Dee struggling with it, but only to begin with, soon she was opening her legs and showing off her cunt with ease.
Now a couple of the men were allowed to come to the front to fondle and grope the almost naked females. Fingers were inserted in cunts and nipples sucked and bitten. The women were instructed to unzip the men and take out their cocks. When Sally got a chance to look at Dee she knew for sure that the timid woman ap-peared to be getting aroused; Sally certainly was! The men urged both women to wank them harder and faster until they ejaculated over their bodies.
The photographers wanted to move on after watching both women play with pe-nises of two other men, then obey the order to stand with thighs spread, finger their own clitoris's while the men knelt and licked their cunts. All this had merely been a warm up session.
Two new outfits were produced; tiny PVC miniskirts that failed to cover their but-tocks and vaginas adequately while the rest of their bodies were left naked. Now cine film was taken of the women, and the mood changed.
One of the black waiters came amongst them, bending first, Sally over a purpose made contraption and tied her outstretched hands. For the benefit of the film mak-ing he moved very slowly and deliberately making sure he was in view of the camera. Dee stood waiting for instruction. When the Black guy began to undress and re-leased his erect, long thick cock, Dee nearly swooned. He came and stood close to her indicating she should hold his big weapon and masturbate him. The look on the woman's face was one of fascination; she obeyed without protest, staring down at the large black penis feeling its hotness.
It had been at this point, or just a minute before, that the security man down stairs had told Jim and the husband of the timid woman, Fred, they could go up to the room. Fred rushed in anxious to rescue his wife. He was stopped in his tracks when he saw his normally timid scared Dee, impaled on the cock of a big black man, who had lifted her off the ground. The most shocking thing Fred noted was that she wore a lascivious smile on her face as she looked into the eyes of the now naked black man.
'Dee, we will find another way to settle my debt, you don't need to do this!' The desperate husband yelled at the top of his voice.
'That's not for you to decide now!' yelled back the booming voice of the Greek boss.
Both Fred and Jim looked toward where the voice came from. Every man on every table had now removed their outer clothing and was naked from the waist down, sporting erect cocks, which they were slowly wanking. To try to remove the women now would be like trying to take a bone from a vicious hungry dog.
'Hey, Dee!' boomed the Boss, 'Show your husband how you like to suck black cock!
Letting her free to kneel down before him the black man held his massive cock out toward Dee's open mouth and plunged it between her lips. Without any hesitancy, Dee bobbed her head back and forth sucking hard on the thick weapon. She per-formed well, taking just a couple of minutes to make the black guy flood her mouth with his white thick spunk.
'Now come and do us, kafto koritsi! ' said the Greek, telling Dee she was a hot girl.
Fred looked on in disbelief, his heart pounding and stomach churning as the black man took his large dripping cock from the mouth of his wife and the woman obedi-ently stood and walked toward the tables, that each had more than one erect cock awaiting attention. Now her smile had turned into a big grin. She reached for the button that held up her tiny PVC skirt and let it fall to the floor. She had reasoned it would only get in the way; she had a lot of men to please. Fred flopped into a chair knowing he could only watch the proceedings.
Meanwhile, as all this had been happening men had been busy with Sally. Jim had his eyes glued on the arse crack of his wife which had been opening and closing as the men fiddled about with her. The cine camera had been moving about focusing between the two women, picking up the action.
Having her arse and cunt tickled and smacked caused her bottom cheeks to tighten then relax, giving amusement to the men who joked how her brown hole kept wink-ing, urging the cameraman to zoom in for a close up. When a greased finger pushed its way into her rectum Jim felt compelled to free his penis and slowly masturbate with great excitement as he anticipated what this would eventually lead to.
The husband watched, together with the men sat at the tables whose eyes flitted between the action at the front and seeing Dee, face covered in sperm sucking cock and fast getting round to grant them the pleasure of her mouth sucking their cocks.
When three fingers had entered Sally's arse and her ring had stretched they were substituted for a larger dildo. Soon it was decided she was ready - the black man was called over. Jim took a deep breath knowing the massive cock was about to be inserted up into his wife's back passage.
Sally seemed unaware as she was busy accommodating a couple of men who had moved to her front to fuck her mouth and tweak her nipples. To cause her concern, so the camera could record her startled expression, the black man had moved in sight of her stroking his massive erection, as another man left her in no doubt by lu-bricating her anal opening. Sally, instead of expressing distress, moaned and smirked at the black man, looking forward to her back hole being filled by this giant pole.
When the black man saw her apparent enthusiasm the couple exchanged smiles and knowing looks before he moved to her rear and slapping her arse a couple of times making her hole to open on recoil he shoved his cock in a couple of inches, making her give off pleasing moans and eased his weapon in gradually at first before thrust-ing it all the way causing Sally to exhale and become breathless. The black man be-gan to pound away at her, his long cock going in to the hilt with every push.
This was too much for some impatient members of the audience who, seeing Dee's bare bottom in the air moving up and down as she sucked cock took turns to enter her anus using minimum lubrication. Jim taking a quick glance at Fred saw him still watching his wife willingly perform - but now, like the rest of the males in the room had taken his cock out and was excitedly masturbating, slowing down every minute in an effort to prevent him ejaculating through the powerful excitement he now ex-perienced from watching how his timid wife was enjoying every cock she sucked - and the ones now taking turns to fuck her up her arsehole. When once she half turned waiting for the next cock to suck, he saw her still content and smiling.
Sally's arse was pummelled hard, first by the black man, then by any man who felt the urge. She wasn't prepared for what happened next. Jim had noticed a man ap-proach her with a leather strap; he knew what about to happen and felt a perverted thrill shoot through his body. Like Fred, he had to stop pulling on his foreskin for a minute to prevent him shooting his load.
There was a loud high pitched cry from Sally when the leather belt cracked across her well fucked arse. It was the unexpected thwack stinging the soft skin of her but-tocks that took away her breathe. The following sharp whacks began to cause a burning sensation, making her backside rise and fall, opening up her already stretched anus.
The boss man, ready for some amusement, beckoned over one of his lackey's, giving him instructions. A few seconds later the man came over to Jim and whispered in his ear; the husband who had been just a spectator was now about the join in the abuse of his wife. Reluctantly, Jim took off his trousers and underwear and walked over to stand in front of his wife holding his erect cock and pointing it toward her face. The smacking of her arse had now reached the stage where pain gives way to pleasure, all she felt was a burning sensation and an overwhelming urge to rub her clit; but of course she couldn't due to her hands being bound. She stared silently at her husband who began to masturbate, his cock just a couple of inches from her face, assuming he wanted to take a turn to have his dick sucked.
The Boss man had taken up a position near the couple, a chair had been brought for him to sit on; he had also brought with him the tiny timid wife who, in the last 90 minutes had more cocks in every hole than in all her past life. Sitting on the chair the Boss man dragged Dee onto his lap and positioned her over his erect penis, and aiming for her anus lowered her down, causing her to gasp. Now his lackey was or-dered to bring the woman's husband and make him stand in front and watch as the boss man rubbed and squeezed her nipples. He told the woman to wriggle her arse asking her if it felt good.
Dee, nervously giggling now her husband was standing right in front of her, watching the older man arse fucking her, was made to come back down to Earth from enjoying, for the first time in her life, the sexual delights of having as much cock as she could handle. She had snapped out of her dirty dream, now it was back to reality.
Jim and Sally, who were both there by choice and knew what they were getting into, had been wondering all night what the back-story was with Dee and Fred - how they had got themselves in such a situation. Though Sally had been just as busy as Dee, fucking and sucking, and in her case being tethered and whipped had managed to notice the transition of a feeble timid wife into a smirking mini nymphomaniac, happy to take a cock in any and every hole.
'Tell your husband how much you've enjoyed yourself, tonight!' The boss said
Fred now begged the man to leave his wife alone, telling him he had made his point and punished them enough.
'Punished?' Said the boss, 'Look, your wife is happy to have my cock up her arse - see how she is wriggling around. She likes the way I'm squeezing her tits with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other.'
True enough, Dee did look like she was enjoying herself. Now she had something to say.
'You persuaded me against my will to let these men use my body, to help you get out of the mess you created. A lot of people warned you but you thought you knew it all. Now you owe this man who's got his cock up my bottom a lot of money. Don't pretend to be upset and concerned for me, because for the last hour you've been jerking your cock while every man in the room has filled me with their sperm. You know what, Fred, this man is right, I've really enjoyed it.'
'Turn around, Fred,' demanded the boss, 'I'm going to let the other couple here give your wife an example of just one of the sex acts you were happy to let us force her to perform as part payment of your debt. Punish? It was your fucking idea!'
Now Jim realised the whole purpose of why he had been told to stand in front of his wife; it was time to obey the second part of the whispered instruction. Sally knew nothing of it and would be shocked and surprised - but that's the effect the boss was looking for. Sally thought Jim wanted oral sex, instead she felt the warmness of yel-low rain hitting her face. The act was dirty but that's the sort of thing that turned Sally on - she willingly opened her mouth and drank in some of the hot piss. If the boss man wanted a demonstration, then she'd give him one.
'You see, Dee,' the boss said whispering in the wife's ear, 'This is just one of the acts your husband suggested we could make you do for any man who wanted to pay for your services. Your husband wanted to give you to us so we could turn you into a sex slave so he could clear his debt. He'd have let you believe we were blackmailing him. Now give him a taste of his own medicine - you piss on him!'
Jim was dragged down to his knees in front of the boss. His wife's open cunt was a mere few inches away from his face. Dee looked him in the eye and bending her knees gave her husband a clear view of the boss man's cock that was stuck up her anal opening. She smiled down at her husband.
'I like what they do to me - but I'll do it on my terms not yours! As I've been doing for the last month! I let this man fuck me once and I discovered how much I enjoy being used. The joke is on you, dear husband.'
With that, she relaxed the muscles of her bladder and pissed over her husband's face.
The following morning Jim and Sally sat eating breakfast after counting the amazing amount of money that the bar owner had handed to them, compliments of the boss man, the local gang leader, who had powerful connections. Dee and Fred were not the English holidaymakers Jim and Sal thought but had lived locally for a number of years. Fred had upset many people who had invested in his failed business projects. The couple spent most of the day relaxing, and then made a few calls. They spent the evening having a quiet drink then turned in early after making a few plans.
'I'm glad we've only got two more days before we go home,' Sally told her husband the following day, 'It's been exciting, but I think we need a rest.'
Jim agreed. 'But not before we have one last little party. Let's see, we have Del - his mates have already gone home. Dee is coming. I think she'll enjoy the company of those young lads. Stavros is letting us have the room and maybe bring a few people up to join us. Otherwise, you and Dee will be the only girls at the party.'
Sally gave a naughty smile. 'I don't think we'll complain!'
THE END