This story is a continuation of my "The Performance" series in that it features my character Megan Ward. Of course, the ubiquitous Harry Stone is the narrator. I think that this story can stand on its own, but you are encouraged to read my "The Performance" series including "Private Performances" for background.
This story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintended. Thank you very much for reading my stories. Please leave comments.
*****
Losing Paula was a very unpleasant event. However, Megan and I gained a new partner in Anna Marks. A relationship with Anna posed problems because she was still a student at the university where Megan and I were on faculty. Anna continued to share an apartment with Sharon MacDonald and we were all very circumspect about our relationship.
Circumspect did not mean, however, that we did not have some fun together. Among other things, both Anna and Sharon joined Megan and me in posing for erotic pictures painted by Megan's friend Angelique. Beyond the sheer joy of posing, Angelique paid us and gave us prints of each picture we were in. Of course, we had to agree never to sell the prints.
Angelique decided that she wanted to do a painting of Sharon receiving oral sex. The natural person to pose with Sharon for this was her boyfriend Peter. However, Peter flatly refused. Sharon, Megan, Anna, and Angelique asked me to pose with Sharon. How could I decline the opportunity to spend hours with my face between Sharon's legs?
It took hours. We would go to Angelique's studio, usually with Megan and/or Anna (Peter never attended). Sharon and I would take our clothes off. Sharon would lie down on a mat with her legs spread and I would get on my stomach between her legs with my mouth on her cunt. With only a couple of short breaks, we would hold that pose for about two hours per session. It took Angelique 6 sessions to become satisfied with most of the picture.
Everyone else was busy, so Sharon and I went to the seventh session by ourselves. We both undressed as soon as we were in Angelique's studio. That allowed any impressions our clothes made on our bodies to fade and we both preferred being nude to being clothed. The canvas was on an easel in a corner. The background and our bodies were done. What had not yet been painted was Sharon's face.
Angelique sat the two of us down. Speaking with a heavy accent from her native France, Angelique said, "What I want to do is show Sharon's face at the exact moment of orgasm. That means today Harry you must give her orgasm. Sharon, are you ok if Harry makes you come?"
"Ok?" Sharon said, "I'd love it."
"Good," Angelique said. "Now, of course you cannot hold an orgasm while I paint it. I will have a sketch pad and make a quick sketch with notes to myself. My assistant Pierre will take pictures of Sharon's face. Sharon, you need to tell us when you are about to come so Pierre may start taking pictures. Are we ok? Good, let's get started."
Sharon and I got into position. This time, instead of just resting my mouth on her cunt lips, I began to lick her and then started sucking her clit. Sharon was a very attractive woman and giving her oral sex was exciting. Sharon and I had been nude together a lot, but this was our first sexual contact. Fortunately, Sharon gave me directions on where and how to stimulate her.
I was having a great time and would gladly have continued to eat Sharon for hours. Much too soon for my preference, Sharon began bucking her hips and gasping. She yelled, "Pictures!" I heard Pierre's camera as Sharon became louder and bucked more violently. It became difficult to keep my tongue and lips in contact with the areas she was responding to. Suddenly, Sharon arched her back, jamming her pussy harder into my face (not that I minded that), and yelled, "Oh! My! Gaaaaaaawd!" After a moment, Sharon went limp and lay on the mat panting.
Angelique clapped her hands. "Yes!" she exclaimed. "That is perfect. Good work."
I stayed between Sharon's legs but raised my head so that I could look up her body. For more than a minute, all I saw was the motion of her breathing. As that slowed, Sharon raised her head. She looked at me and smiled. She said, "Thank you Harry."
I got up from the mat and helped Sharon up. We stood facing each other for a moment before she gave me a quick kiss. She whispered in my ear, "We still need to fuck. Megan and Anna won't mind." More loudly so that Angelique and Pierre could hear, Sharon said, "Congratulations Harry. You've spent several more hours with your face in my muff than my current boyfriend has."
Angelique turned towards Sharon and said, "Oral sex is great pleasure. You must insist that he gives it to you."
Sharon gave a slight smile and softly said, "Yeah. Right."
Another pose that Angelique came up with that Spring had Anna on the mat with me on top fucking her while Megan fucked me in the ass with a strap-on. Angelique needed us to be still so that simply meant several hours with my dick in Anna's cunt while the strap-on was stuck in my ass. I suppose having a piece of hard plastic stuck in my ass was a small price to pay for spending hours inside Anna.
Sharon got her bachelor's late that Spring. Just before graduation, she, Megan, Anna, and I went to Angelique's to get our prints of the cunnilingus picture. Sharon asked Angelique if she could have a second print. "I want to give one to my parents," Sharon said. I guess I gave her an odd look because Sharon said, "Mom and Dad will love it. They'll put it up somewhere guests can see it and brag about how their daughter was the model."
Angelique said approvingly, "Good parents" and promised another print.
Sharon was going to stay at the university to get her master's the following year because Peter was going to be here for his last year of law school. Anna was coming back for her senior year. Anna and Sharon decided to stay in D.C for the Summer. Sharon was interning at a bank. Anna was taking one summer school class and working at the university bookstore.
Anna did join Megan and me on our annual trip to Europe. We introduced her to German spas and our German friends Ute and Peter. Megan also used the trip to introduce Anna to sex with another woman. One night in Baden-Baden, Ute, Peter, Anna, Megan, and I were sitting on the patio of a bar having drinks. Megan asked, "Anna, have you ever been given oral sex by another woman?"
Anna gave a surprised look as if it was nothing she'd ever thought about. "No," she said.
"Would you like to try it?" Megan asked.
Ute interjected, "Anna, you should try it. We women understand a woman's body in a way that men cannot. It is not a substitute for sex with a man, but sex with another woman is its own unique pleasure."
"Well, ok," Anna said. Megan stood, extended a hand to Anna, and said, "Let's go back to the hotel." I stayed in my seat until Megan turned to me and asked, "Aren't you coming Harry?"
Peter said, "Don't worry. We'll settle the bill."
Megan and Anna held hands as we walked back to the hotel. In our room, Megan said, "Clothes off! You too Harry." Once we'd stripped, I sat in a chair. Megan approached Anna and put an arm around her back. Megan gently pulled Anna to her and kissed her on the lips. At the same time, Megan put her hand between Anna's legs. I was glad to see that Anna was not at all resistant.
As Megan's and Anna's nipples both grew hard, Megan stopped kissing Anna and began sucking her left nipple. Megan's fingers went into Anna's cunt. Anna was breathing harder and finally said, "Please?"
Megan led Anna to the bed. Unbidden, Anna lay on her back with her legs wide part. Megan got onto the bed and began licking Anna's cunt lips. After some of that, Megan worked her tongue inside Anna. Megan sucked Anna's clit. I was very hard from just watching them. Megan took a quick break to say, "Harry, jerk off." I did, trying to pace myself with the pleasure Megan was giving Anna.
Megan pressed her face more closely into Anna's pussy and was working her tongue and mouth more vigorously. Anna was breathing hard. Her hips started to buck. She came very loudly as only Anna can.
Megan sat up on her haunches as Anna lay there panting. Megan looked at me with a very satisfied smile. Anna finally sat up and said, "That was wonderful. May I do you?'
"Sure," Megan responded. The women switched positions and Megan spent the next hour and a half instructing Anna on how best to perform cunnilingus. Anna was an eager student. As always, the three of us shared the same bed that night but Anna and Megan slept in each other's arms.
When I awoke in the morning, Anna and Megan were sitting on the bed on either side of me. "I'm sorry," Megan said, "We got so involved with each other that we forgot you last night."
"I'm really not offended," I said. "It was a wonderful thing to watch."
"We still need to make it up to you," Anna said. She reached out and started stroking my dick. Megan began massaging me just behind my balls. When I was hard, the girls rolled me on my side. Anna took me in her mouth while Megan stuck a finger up my ass and gave me a prostate massage. I came so hard that Anna nearly gagged. She swallowed it all though.
At the end of the following school year, Anna graduated with high honors and Sharon got her Master's in Finance. Sharon's boyfriend Peter had taken a job with a big law firm in his hometown and wanted nothing more to do with Sharon's exhibitionistic exploits. Sharon got a job as an analyst with one of the agencies that monitors the financial markets. We had thought that Anna would go for her master's but, through the good offices of a colleague (who didn't know that Anna, Megan and I were lovers), Megan was offered a job as a researcher at a liberal think tank. It paid surprisingly well.
Since Anna and Sharon were both staying in D.C., they kept the apartment which they had lived in for most of college. That was fine with us because it was only about a mile from Megan's townhouse. Since Anna was no longer a student, we came out of the closet about our relationship. Anna accompanied Megan and me almost all the time. Anna stayed with us more nights than she spent in her own apartment.
The three of us and Sharon continued to model for Angelique. For one picture, Angelique asked Sharon to model with a young man who had just started posing for Angelique. That was how Sharon met Jason Graves.
Jason was a few years older than Sharon. He was not modelling for the money but because, "I like posing in the nude." Jason was an orthopedic surgeon who had just finished his residency and internship and joined a group of doctors. "What I do is all about the structure of the human body," Jason said. "It is an amazing structure and you can't truly appreciate it when it is covered in cloth." Sharon and Jason hit it off immediately.
In some respects, I still missed Paula. She had gone to Boston with Simon Wykoff and had not kept in touch with us. Anna was a much different presence in our lives. For one thing, Paula had tended to let me or, more often, Megan take the lead. Anna had her own thoughts on what we should do and was not bashful about expressing them. As a couple of examples, Anna always dressed in revealing ways. Summer featured short sundresses. In cold weather, she wore tight tops and skirts or tight slacks. Anna never wore underwear. Megan had always dressed to conceal rather than display her considerable beauty. Anna nagged Megan to the point that Megan bought a few items that were like what Anna wore. Definite improvement. Underwear was banished completely, for all three of us.
Nothing extraordinary happened in the year following Anna's graduation. She seemed perfectly happy to be a large part of our lives and to let us be a large part of hers. We did not make our trip to Europe that year. Instead, Ute and Peter had to come to the States. After their business was done, the three of us spent a week with them at a nude resort in Florida.
It was almost exactly a year after Anna had graduated that the biggest bombshell hit. Several months before, Megan had learned that the largest and most prestigious art museum in Paris was looking for a deputy director, the number two person in the operation. On a lark, she sent in her resume. She spent the money for the flight when she was invited to Paris to interview because, "While I'll never get the job and probably don't want it, it will expand my network." Megan always underestimated herself. In May, the call came followed by a letter. She was offered the Deputy Director position. The salary was ok, not great; but the fringes included an apartment in Paris at museum expense. Most importantly, the job was offered with the undertaking that she would be promoted to the top job when the current director retired in five years.
Megan's first question was whether I could move to Paris. I had finally gotten tenure where I was. A move threw that away. A few calls to friends of colleagues made clear that there wasn't much demand for an American history professor in France. They had an ample supply of indigenous product, thank you. Even Megan agreed that I wasn't qualified to drive a Paris cab.
Megan reacted to the conclusion that I needed to stay in D.C. by saying, "Well, I can't take the job." Anna and I both thought that was looney. This was as close to Megan's dream job as existed in real life. Her stature in her chosen field would rise dramatically and she would become a very important person in the art world when she became director. Anna and I both worked on her.
While I hated the idea of losing Megan, I was certain that taking the job in Paris was the best thing for her. I was also fearful that she'd eventually be resentful if I was the reason she turned down such a perfect job. It took weeks, but we persuaded Megan to say 'yes.'
Megan was to start in Paris at the beginning of September. That summer was poignant and, at times, painful. We boxed up the things she was sure wanted to ship to France. We'd hold onto the rest of her stuff in case she wanted that later. It may not have been a great idea, but I flew over with her.
Anna came with us to Dulles. The goodbye between Anna and Megan was tearful. The last thing Megan said to Anna before we went through security was, "I'm sending Harry back to you. Take care of him and don't ever, ever leave him."
"I promise," was Anna's response.
Megan and I spent a week in Paris together every minute of the time. We fucked like animals the night before my flight home left. De Gaulle that morning was a very painful experience.
I had a miserable eight hours flying from De Gaulle to Dulles. The copious booze supplied by a friendly flight attendant did not help. Megan was gone. It seemed to me at the time like a death sentence.
Anna was waiting for me outside of security. It was still hot in D.C. and she wore one of her short sundresses. As I walked past security, Anna lifted the hem of her dress. She was nude underneath. I had to smile. Anna, and to a lesser extent Sharon, did things like that all the time and no one ever said anything.
Anna dropped her dress, came up to me, and took my arm. "The bad news," she said, "is that Megan is gone. The good news is that we still have each other." As much as I still love Megan, Anna was so much more than a consolation prize.
Megan had kept the townhouse. Anna moved out of her apartment and into the townhouse. She and I paid the mortgage and other expenses. Anna immediately modified one of Megan's rules. Megan's rule was that we were nude at home unless we had guests, then it depended upon who the guests were. Anna's new rule was that we were both nude at home all the time no matter who else was there.
It was approaching the first Memorial Day after Megan had left for France. Anna said, "Sharon called. Jason's aunt has a cottage on the beach in Delaware. She says it is pretty isolated. They've invited us to go there with them for the long weekend. Sharon promises that we won't have to wear a stitch from the time we get there until we come home."
"That sounds great," I replied. It did.
"They want to leave Friday morning," Anna said. "I can get the day off, no problem. Is that ok with you?"
The semester was over, so I largely controlled my own schedule. "Sure," I replied.
We were up early that Friday morning. Anna said gleefully, "Sharon and Jason want us to meet them at Jason's place. We'll get gas, food, and booze and then head for the beach. All the clothes we'll need is something to wear over and back."
I packed a small bag with some toiletries and a couple of books. I grabbed a tee shirt, cargo shorts, and sandals to wear. I was waiting in the living room when Anna came downstairs. She was carrying a small bag. From what I could tell, all she was wearing was a long tee shirt and flip-flops. "That's all you're wearing?" I asked.
Anna set down her bag, grabbed the hem of her shirt, and pulled the shirt up to her neck. As I'd expected, Anna was bare under the shirt. "That's it," she giggled.
Good girl," I replied.
Megan had gifted me her Subaru rather than take it to France, so we took that. Jason had a condo in the northwest part of the District near the Maryland line. Sharon welcomed us inside. She was wearing shorts over a nearly transparent white one-piece swimsuit. Sharon looked at Anna in only a tee shirt and said, "Damn! Why didn't I think of that? Sorry guys. I've got to change. I'll only be a minute." Sharon ran to the back of the condo. Jason sat down in the living room. Anna and I did likewise.
It was only a few minutes before Sharon was back wearing her own long tee shirt. She stepped to the middle of the room, lifted the hem of her shirt, and did a quick spin so that we could see her bare pubes, tits, and ass. Dropping the shirt, Sharon said, "This will be much better. Good thinking Anna."
Jason also drove a small SUV. I let him lead. We stopped for gas, which Anna and Sharon insisted on pumping, then went to a grocery store which Jason liked in Chevy Chase. It was about 10:00 a.m. and the store didn't seem that busy. I didn't understand at the time why Jason parked in the farthest part of the lot from the store.
We loaded up on food, beer, and wine. Anything any of the four of us might want over the next four days made it into our carts. We paid a lot of money and pushed the carts all the way across the lot to our vehicles. Once both vehicles were loaded, Anna went to the passenger door of the Subaru. However, she didn't get in immediately. She glanced around and then pulled the tee shirt over her head, saying, "I won't need this again until Monday." She opened the Subaru's door and carelessly tossed her shirt into the backseat. She still didn't get in. I knew that she was enjoying standing nude in a grocery store parking lot on a Friday morning.
Sharon was standing beside Jason's SUV. "Another good idea from Anna," she said and pulled her tee shirt off.
Anna said, "OK guys. Lose the shorts and tee shirts."
I glanced at Jason. He grinned. We both pulled out shirts off, undid our shorts, and took them off. All four of us were now nude in the parking lot. "Ok, now we can go to the beach," Anna said.
Anna and I got into the Subaru. I handed her my tee shirt and shorts. She casually tossed them over her shoulder. "Don't get pulled over," she said.
I followed Jason around the Beltway, over to Annapolis, across the Bay, through the Eastern Shore, and into southern Delaware. About two and a half hours later, we turned off route 1 onto a sandy track. We followed that about a quarter mile to a sandy parking area in front of a largeish Cape Cod style cottage. Beyond the cottage, I could see Delaware Bay. In the far distance, I could see a freighter heading down the Bay towards the Atlantic.
The four of us got out of the vehicles. With the breeze, it wasn't hot; but it was warm enough to be comfortable nude.
We hadn't been out of the vehicles long enough to start unloading when a small Japanese compact came up the track and stopped behind us. A man about Jason's age got out of the driver's side. He was bare-chested and wearing a pair of shorts. A young woman with long, straight blonde hair, wearing a light blue scrub suit got out of the passenger side.
Jason said, "Anna, Harry, these are a couple of friends whom I invited to join us for the weekend. She is Kerry North, a physical therapist with our group. This palooka," Jason pointed at the man, "is her boyfriend Ed DeGennaro. Ed cheated his way through med school and is now one of my partners."
I was standing closer to Kerry. I stepped towards her, extended my hand, and said, "Hi. Harry Stone." Pointing at Anna, I added, "This is my friend Anna Marks."
"Friend AND lover," Anna added.
Kerry shook my hand. "It's good to meet you," she said. "It was nice of Jason and Sharon to invite us. I see you guys are already dressed for the beach." Kerry pulled the top of her scrubs over her head, revealing two small, upturned breasts and a very flat tummy. She undid a drawstring in the pants, pushed them down, and stepped out of them. Kerry had slender thighs and a close-cropped blonde bush. When she turned, I saw a small but perfectly shaped ass. Kerry was not deeply tan, but she had some color in her skin and no visible tan lines. She tossed her clothes in their car.
From the other side of the car, Ed said, "Guess I shouldn't be the only one dressed. He dropped his shorts. Ed and Jason were about the same height but, while Jason had the build of a distance runner, Ed had the broader shoulders and muscle definition of a swimmer. Ed had the darker complexion which his last name suggested and dark body hair almost everywhere.
Kerry had gone behind their car and opened the trunk. She came back carrying a small folded table and a canvas bag. "I brought my massage table and oils," Kerry said. "I can give massages on the beach."
"Kerry is a licensed massage therapist," Ed said. "She's really good."
Kerry smiled. She had a pretty 'girl-next-door' face which, coupled with her nudity, made a very sexy effect. "My clients don't complain," she said. She grinned and added, "My clients who are friends usually leave happy."
Kerry and Ed had brought even more food and drink. We carried everything into the cottage. Once things were put away as best as possible, Jason showed us around. The main part of the cottage was a kitchen/dining room/living room that took up, maybe, 60% of the structure. The living room part was nearest the water and had large French doors that opened onto a wooden deck. There was a small bathroom with only a shower in the southeast corner of the cottage. "There's also an outdoor shower on this side of the house," Jason explained.
Jason opened the door to the remaining room. "Not much privacy this weekend, I'm afraid," he said, "there's only the one bedroom." This room also had French doors facing the bay and large windows on the south side. Two beds took up most of the room. "I guess we'll have to sleep four and two," Jason said.
"Why don't we push them together and make one big bed we can all use?" Sharon asked.
"Good idea," Kerry added.
"Duh, why didn't I think of that," Jason replied.
Jason led us out onto the deck, down a short set of wood steps and onto the beach. My stereotypical impression of beaches in the Northeastern US was that they were cold year-round. However, it was very comfortable to be nude on this beach. We could see another cottage about 800 yards up the beach. There were people outside it. "I'm not sure who they are," Jason said, gesturing towards the other cottage, "But no one ever walks down here. We'll have the place to ourselves all weekend."
We walked around and enjoyed the beauty of the place until it was time for dinner. Kerry and Ed had brought fresh fish and went to work preparing it. "They are great cooks," Jason said to me. "That's why I invited them."
Dinner was excellent. We ate nude at a picnic table on the deck. The sun was setting as we finished cleaning up. Anna and I poured wine into cardboard cups and walked down to the beach. We got our feet into the water, which was too cold for my taste. The wind had picked up a little, so we went back to the dune and sat down.
As we sipped our wine, I looked at Anna's face. She looked so very beautiful! I reflected that, since I'd moved east, my personal life had really been a disaster. I had thought a relationship was building with my college friends' daughter Penny, but she left me twice. Megan left me for a new job. Paula left me for a younger man. Each woman I'd had a relationship with over the last several years had left.
Anna has an unsettling ability to read my mind. She demonstrated it that evening. "Harry," she said breaking into my thoughts, "I'm not Megan or Paula. I love you. I'm not leaving you, ever." She took my hand, leaned towards me, and kissed me.
"I love you," I replied. While it had been implicit in our relationship for some time, that was the first time I had said it out loud in those words. Anna smiled and kissed me again.
Anna leaned back slightly and took a sip of her wine. "Harry, there is one thing which I want you to promise me."
"What?" I asked.
"I don't mean this year or next, but I want you to get me pregnant," Anna said.
This had suddenly become the most serious conversation we'd ever had. "Why?" I asked.
"Because I want to have your child and I think that raising children with you would be a blast," Anna replied. "Promise?"
I thought about it for a moment. I'd never really thought about having children. However, the idea of having children with Anna seemed surprisingly attractive.
"I promise," I said.
"That doesn't mean we can't have sex with other people, we both enjoy that," Anna said. "But I want the two of us to have an absolute commitment to each other. I'll give you that if you give it to me."
"I will do that," I said.
Anna gulped some more wine. She leaned back towards me. Her hand found my dick. "Procreation aside, how about some recreational sex now?" she said. She spread her thighs as I put my hand between her legs.
Ana quickly got me hard and I got her wet. She lay back on the sand. I got on top of her and slid in. This wasn't intense pounding. Rather, it was slow lovemaking. We kissed, a lot. I sucked her nipples. We looked into each other's eyes. All the while, I kept a slow steady motion of my dick in her pussy. The air had gotten cooler as the sun went down, but this was one of the very special moments in my life.
I was so focused on Anna that I didn't realize that anyone else was around until I heard Kerry's voice saying, "They've got the right idea."
I wasn't aware of anything else beyond Anna and me until I heard Sharon say, "Jason, why is it that our friends are fucking on the beach, but we aren't?"
Anna and I made very relaxed love for a long time. Neither of us wanted what we were doing together to end. Finally, Anna began to exert the considerable strength in her lower body and pelvis. What had been a gentle motion became exertion for me. That was Anna's signal to me that she wanted to come. I put all my energy into forcing my dick to move inside of her. Anna and I had been fucking each other long enough that we now knew what to do for each other. I thrust my dick as hard as I could against a particular spot a little behind Anna's clit. That was her spot. Having her contracted tightly around my dick was my stimulation.
I hate to admit that I was getting tired when Anna's hips started bucking. That gave me second wind and I pushed harder and faster. Anna's trademark scream pierced the night. A moment later, I shot inside of her. This was a good one. My vision left for an instant.
Anna and I were both panting after we came and trying to kiss each other at the same time. Finally, as our breathing slowed, Anna said, "That was good."
I pulled out and rolled off Anna. That was when I realized that our four friends were sitting in the sand in a semi-circle around us. "You guys took a hell of a long time doing that," Sharon said. "The four of us started after you two, all got off, and had nothing left to do but watch you."
"I hope you don't mind, "Kerry said, "but I really enjoyed watching you. I just saw pure love."
"You are always welcome to watch us," Anna said.
We were all covered in sand. We gathered under the outdoor shower, but there was no light. I have no idea who I was washing or who was washing me. After we dried off, we went in, had a couple more rounds of drinks, and went to bed early.
I slept on one edge of the large bed we'd made by pushing the two together. Anna slept next to me and we held each other through the night. I awoke to the sensation of Anna licking my dickhead. When I was hard, she pushed me onto my back and mounted me. That woke the others.
Very quickly, Kerry was on her back next to me with Ed on top of her pushing and grunting. I'm not sure what Sharon and Jason were doing at the other end of the bed. Before Anna got too intense, I glanced over at Kerry. Her innocent face took on a very sexy look when she was being fucked. Kerry smiled at me. "This is how I'd like to start every day," she said.
I remembered that, when Anna and I were making love on the beach the night before, I'd heard something at one point that sounded like a strange bird chirping. I figured out what the noise was that morning. As Kerry came, her voice went up a couple of octaves and she made that unusual chirping sound.
When all six of us had finished, Kerry seemed a little embarrassed. "I'm sorry about those sounds," she said. "I've always made them when I come."
Anna responded, "It's ok. If those sounds mean you're having an O, I want to hear them a lot more this weekend."
We followed the morning sex with a huge breakfast and lots of coffee. After that had digested a bit, Jason said, "There is a volleyball net in the shed outside. I think it's still in good shape."
Sharon said, "I brought a ball. Let's play on the beach and work off all this food."
The net was fine. I followed Jason down to the beach and helped him set the poles solidly in the sand. We stick driftwood in the sand to mark out the corners of the court and drew connecting lines in the sand to establish out of bounds. The others came down and we chose sides: Kerry, Ed, and Jason against Anna, Sharon, and me. I hadn't played volleyball in some time and had forgotten how much fun nude volleyball is.
Ours was a pretty laidback group. No one was hyper or overbearing. But we were six reasonably successful, competitive people. None of us wanted to spend the weekend listening to the others brag about how they beat us. It was anything but a casual game. We were all so focused that we didn't realize someone else was on our part of the beach until a strange voice said, "Mind if we watch?"
We had all assumed that we were by ourselves. The strange voice brought our game to a halt. Standing between our makeshift court and the water was a couple. They looked like they were early 50s. The man had expensively cut hair. He was bare-chested, wearing board shorts. He looked like he had been an athlete once quite a while ago. You could see the beginning of a beer belly. The woman had wavy brown hair to just below her ears. She had a cute round face underneath a floppy hat. She wore a black one-piece swimsuit. She was attractive but, while not obese, was obviously carrying some extra fat in her hips and thighs.
After a moment's silence, the man said, "Hi. I'm Steve Walsh. This is my wife Sue. We bought the place up there about a month ago." He pointed towards the next cottage up the beach. "This is our first weekend here. We thought we'd take a walk and see the area."
I was wondering what they were thinking about finding six naked people playing volleyball on the beach just down from their new vacation home. The woman, Sue, smiled and said, "I love your volleyball uniforms."
Sharon smiled and replied, "They always fit."
Kerry said, "You're welcome to watch if you want to. There's water, soft drinks, and beer in the cooler over there. Help yourselves."
We went back to our game. Sue and Steve did stay and watch. With an audience, albeit small, it became an even more intense game. We were all trying for digs and spikes that were, truthfully, beyond our abilities. We played to 21 points, win by two. Kerry, Ed, and Jason won 27-25. We took a break and got water and beers. Sue and Steve stood a little apart from us, but they didn't leave.
As we walked back onto the court for our next game, Kerry asked Sue and Steve, "Do you want to play?"
"Do we have to take our clothes off?" Steve asked.
"Not unless you want to," Kerry responded.
Steve said, "I haven't played volleyball in years."
Sue said, "I used to play. Sure, I'd love to."
Kerry said, "Steve, you have to play too to keep the sides even."
"All right," Steve said and walked onto the court. Sue and Steve joined Kerry and Ed. Jason came to our side of the net.
Sue and Steve were not great players, but they were better than I'd expected. Sue particularly tried very hard. We'd played about nine points when Sue dove for a ball. It went off her fingertips out of bounds. She stood up with sand all over her front.
"Just a minute," Sue said. She started brushing sand off herself. Once she'd gotten most of it off, she looked around. A smile came onto her face. She reached for the shoulder straps of her suit and pulled them down. When her arms were out of the suit, she pushed in down her front, wriggled it over her hips, dropped it to the sand, and stepped out. Sue bent over, picked up her suit, and tossed it over by the cooler. Sue was definitely carrying extra weight, but she looked much better nude. Of course, everyone does.
Steve hadn't said anything as his wife stripped off. Now he said, "Shit. If my wife is going to play naked I suppose I should too." Steve undid the drawstring in his shorts. They fell to the sand. He picked them up and tossed them by his wife's suit.
Kerry went to a bag by the cooler and pulled out a tube of sunscreen. She walked over and handed it to Sue. "Use a lot of that," Kerry told Sue. "The last thing you want is sunburned nipples or pubes. Steve, you need it on your dick and balls. All those places that don't get sun often burn easily."
Steve walked over to his wife. They spread sunscreen over each other. It was nice to see the evident pleasure which Sue and Steve got from touching each other.
Undressing improved Sue's and Steve's games. Kerry was, apparently, a natural athlete and played very well. However, our side had the advantage in youth, me excluded, and won. It was a tough game: 30-28.
It was probably around 1:00 p.m. when we finished the game and it was getting hot. All of us were somewhat sweaty. Sharon said, "Let's go up to the house and get lunch. Sue, Steve, please join us."
I was glad to see that Sue and Steve did start walking towards our cottage with the rest of us. Jason said, "I'm sure its safe to leave our stuff here." Sue had just bent down to pick up her swimsuit. She dropped it back in the sand, smiled, and kept walking.
Over lunch and beers, we learned that Steve was a partner in a very major D.C. law firm, one that even I had heard of. Sue told us that she was executive director of a trade association based in the District. "In essence," Sue said, "we're lobbyists." Both Sue and Steve were interesting conversationalists and we talked through the afternoon. Initially, Sue and Steve seemed a little self-conscious being naked. As the afternoon wore on, and we'd all had some beer, they got more comfortable.
Jason was giving Sue and Steve a tour of the cottage. I was coming out of the bathroom as they reached the bedroom. Steve asked Jason, "You just have that one big bed for all six of you?"
Jason smiled and said, "Yeah."
"Nice," Sue said.
We all sat around talking until after 5:00 P.M. when Sue said, "We'd better go. We're keeping you from fixing dinner and I need to start ours."
"You're more than welcome to have dinner with us too," Sharon said, "We've got a ton of food."
"Thanks, but no," Sue said. "I've got things at our cottage that I want to fix so I don't have to take them home on Monday."
"Hey," Kerry said, "come back tomorrow. I'm a licensed massage therapist. I'll be doing massages on the beach."
As Sue and Steve stood to leave, I said, "I'll follow you to the beach. I need to get our stuff." We'd left a cooler, sunscreen, towels, and the volleyball.
As I gathered our things up, Sue and Steve got dressed. There was a noticeable transformation from our nude world back to their clothed one. Before they started back up the beach, Steve said, "May I ask a question, if it's not too intrusive?"
"What's the question?" I asked.
"Are you folks couples or just one big group?" Steve asked.
It was really none of his business, but I wasn't surprised that he'd asked, and I didn't mind answering. "Definitely couples," I said. "Kerry and Ed, Sharon and Jason, and Anna and me."
Sue smiled again. "I guessed you and Anna," she said.
"Why?" I asked.
"There's just something about how the two of you interact," Sue said. "I decided that you must be lovers."
"She's a very special woman," I said.
"She's a damn beautiful woman," Steve said. I was glad neither of them said anything about the difference in our ages.
I picked up our stuff. Before heading to the cottage, I told Sue and Steve, "Have a great night and please come back tomorrow."
"Harry," Sue said, "please tell your friends 'thank you' from us. We had a wonderful day and learned a lot."
I went towards the cottage and Sue and Steve started up the beach. I noted that they hadn't said whether they were coming back tomorrow.
Kerry and Ed prepared another wonderful dinner. After we cleaned up, Kerry went out to their car and brought in Ed's music device. She talked quietly to Anna and Sharon for a moment, then said "We programmed some dance music on this." She turned it on, and we started dancing and, of course, drinking.
After about six songs, Kerry went over and paused the device. "The next song is a slow dance number," she said. "Anna, Sharon, and I have discussed it and we want us all to dance this one with someone other than our partners. Jason, I'll take you." Sharon picked me, leaving Anna with Ed.
Sharon put a hand on my back and the other on my ass. I mimicked her. "Let's hold each other tight," Sharon said. We did. There wasn't much room to dance, but it was nice to feel Sharon's nude body against mine. As we danced, Sharon looked over at Jason and Kerry. "Damn, Kerry's got a hot body," Sharon said.
"You really think so?" I asked. Kerry was very attractive, but not compellingly so.
"Don't you?" Sharon asked.
"I put her third among the women here," I said.
"Who's first?" Sharon asked.
"Anna, of course," I said.
"Anna's in a class by herself, "Sharon said. "I liked Megan, but I'm glad you two hooked up. Anna's had a thing for you since she took one of your classes as a sophomore."
"She's never told me that," I said.
"Don't tell her that I told you," Sharon asked.
The song ended. Sharon leaned onto my shoulder and whispered in my ear, "Number 2 still wants to fuck you."
We all got a little drunk that night. Consequently, we weren't quite as careful as the night before about how we arranged ourselves in bed.
I was awoken Sunday by the feel of someone's hand grabbing my dick. I looked up and saw that it was Kerry, whom I'd apparently slept next to. "Can I help you Kerry?" I said.
She opened her eyes and saw my dick in her hand. "Oh shit," she said, letting go swiftly. "Sorry, I thought Ed was next to me."
"No problem," I said. "It felt nice. You're welcome to grab my dick any time you like."
"Kerry smiled. "Really?" she said. She reached out and took me in her hand again. "May I stroke it?" she asked as she ran her hand up my shaft.
"As long as I get to watch," Anna, who was sitting up in bed, said.
Kerry giggled. "Sorry Anna."
"That's ok," Anna said. "Your boyfriend was groping my tits in his sleep half the night."
Ed said, "I . . . what? . . . Sorry, I thought I was next to Kerry."
Sharon laughed and said, "Even drunk, at least Jason and I know what each other feel like."
We all had smaller breakfasts that morning, but lots of coffee. We went to the beach and played one volleyball game. No one played very well. When we finished the game, Kerry said, "I'll get my massage table."
"Can I help?" I asked.
Kerry smiled, "Sure."
As I followed Kerry back to the cottage, Anna called out, "You can stroke him, but don't let him come."
I carried Kerry's table to the beach while she carried her massage oils and a bunch of towels. Once Kerry was set up, she said, "Anna, why don't you go first. I feel like I owe you."
"You don't," Anna said, "But I'm happy to go first."
Anna got on the table on her face. Kerry went to work. From what I could tell, Kerry was very talented. I could see Anna's body relaxing under her touch.
I glanced up the beach and saw two figures coming our way. I hoped they were Sue and Steve. They were. As they got closer, I was pleased to see that they were both nude. As they reached us, Sue said, "We decided to leave our suits in the cottage today."
"Good choice," Sharon said.
Kerry had Anna roll over just after Sue and Steve arrived. Kerry spent a lot of time on Anna's face and neck. Then she started on Anna's breasts. After rubbing the whole breasts a few times, Kerry began gently massage Anna's nipples between her fingers. Anna moaned, "That feels great." Anna's nipples were very hard by the time Kerry moved to her calves.
Kerry worked on Anna's calves and then up her thighs, getting ever closer to Anna's triangle. Anna spread her legs a bit and Kerry firmly massaged the tops of Anna's thighs. Finally, Kerry asked Anna, "the whole thing?"
"Yes, please," Anna responded.
Kerry started by massaging the area of Anna's dark bush. She moved between Anna's legs, repeatedly running her fingertips over Anna's lips. I glanced at Sue and Steve, who were standing just beyond the foot of the massage table. They were watching with rapt attention.
Kerry started rubbing Anna's clit between her forefinger and thumb. I could see Anna's body was responding to the stimulation. Kerry perceived that too and slid two fingers into Anna's cunt. "Oh my!" Sue exclaimed.
Kerry said to Anna, "Tell me where."
After a moment, Anna said, "There! Stay there!" I knew exactly where Kerry's fingers were and expected Anna to get off quickly. She did. Her hips bucked and, after only a minute or two of Kerry's efforts, Anna's orgasmic scream was heard, probably to Dover.
Kerry pulled her fingers out of Anna and Anna went limp for a moment. Then she sat up on the table. "That was superb," she told Kerry. Anna hopped off the table and hugged Kerry tightly.
As Anna walked back to me, Sue said "Wow."
Kerry heard Sue. "Sue, why don't I do you next?"
Sue hesitated. "Well, uh, umm ..."
"Go on Dear," Steve said.
Kerry put a fresh towel on the table, patted it, and told Sue, "up here on your stomach." After a moment, Sue got on the table.
Kerry gave Sue a very long and thorough conventional massage. My sense was that Sue enjoyed it. Sue was on her back and Kerry had finished her face, neck, shoulders, abdomen, and legs. Kerry asked Sue, "Do you want me to finish you like Anna?"
In a very small voice, Sue said, "Please."
Kerry started stroking Sue's breasts slowly and lovingly. As Sue's nipples hardened, Kerry began rubbing them between her fingers. Sue gave a slight moan. Kerry moved to the area of Sue's pubic hair, massaging in a circular motion. Then, Kerry shifted to strokes that ran between Sue's legs. As Kerry brought her hands back up, she trailed her fingers along Sue's lips. After a few of those strokes, Kerry began gently rubbing just Sue's cunt lips. Based on some cue I missed, Kerry began massaging Sue's clit. Sue said, "Oh! Oh!"
After a few more strokes, Kerry began moving two fingers into and out of Sue's cunt. After about a dozen of those strokes, Kerry kept her fingers moving around inside Sue. Kerry said, "Tell me where."
Suddenly, Sue said, "There. Right there!" Kerry quit moving her hand around, but it looked like she was rubbingthe wall of Sue's cunt more vigorously with her fingers. After a short time of that, Sue said," Oh yes! Ohhhh yeees! Oh . . . my . . . god . . .YES!" Sue's whole body convulsed slightly.
When Sue was breathing almost normally again, Kerry asked, "Good?"
"Oh god yes," Sue replied.
Kerry took her fingers out of Sue. Sue sat up. Looking around, she realized that several people whom she'd only met yesterday had just watched her orgasm. Her face turned slightly red. Then Sue noticed something else. Watching her had been so arousing that Steve, Jason, Ed, and I had hard-ons. Sue looked at the four erect dicks and said, "Oh my!"
Anna said, "Well girls, we can't just leave the boys like this." She stepped in front of me, knelt on the sand, and took my dick in her mouth. Sharon and Kerry quickly did the same for Jason and Ed.
Sue looked at Steve and started to smile. She got off the massage table and walked to her husband. She knelt in front of him, put a hand on his erect dick, and guided it into her mouth.
Anna's blow jobs are always exquisite. I was light-headed and my knees almost buckled when I came. My dear Anna swallowed it all. I glanced at Sue in front of Steve in time to see Steve come. I was impressed that Sue swallowed.
Sue and Steve seemed embarrassed for a moment. Then, Sue said, "I guess all of this means we're all good friends?"
"Good friends, yes," Sharon replied.
"But," Kerry said, "REALLY good friends fuck each other."
I glanced at Sue and Steve. They didn't seem shocked by that. Sue looked at me and smiled. I had a quick mental image of fucking Sue. It seemed very nice.
Sue and Steve joined us for lunch. Kerry put on some jazz music at low volume. The eight of us talked the afternoon away.
About 6:00 p.m., Sue said, "I guess we ought to go back and find something for dinner. We're going home mid-day tomorrow, so I cooked most of the food last night."
"Please have dinner with us," Kerry said. "We bought way more food than we've eaten." Sue and Steve agreed to stay.
Sunday was our night to grill burgers and a range of sausage. The grill was, by common consent, Anna's and my domain. I carefully lit the charcoal. When we were ready to cook, Anna brought out a large plate of meat. She was wearing an apron. She handed me one also. She turned around to do something. The contrast between her aproned front and bare ass was very sexy. I put my apron on. I didn't expect to look sexy, but hot grease on my dick was something I could do without.
While I was tending the grill, Kerry came out. "Salads and sides are ready," she said. She smacked my bare ass. "The apron's a good look Harry."
When walked away, Anna said, "Damn Harry, every girl here wants to fuck you."
"What?" I replied.
"I want to fuck you and do regularly. Sharon's wanted to fuck you since her senior year." Those were both correct. "Kerry just met you Friday and she wants to fuck you." I didn't believe that, but it was flattering.
"Sue Walsh doesn't want to fuck me," I said.
Anna looked at me for a long minute. "Don't be too sure of that," she said. "Oh, and, Harry, I truly am ok if you fuck Sharon. She's my best friend. I love her to death, and I'd love to see the two of you enjoy each other. I just want to be there when you do it." Do you understand why I love Anna?
Thanks much more to Anna than me, dinner turned out well. On the basis that we were now "good friends," we all traded contact information with Sue and Steve. Finally, about 10:00 p.m., they got up to go back to their cottage.
"It's already dark out," Kerry said.
"Stay with us tonight," Sharon said.
Sue and Steve smiled. Steve said, "We need to go home. We're not REALLY good friends."
Steve took a step toward the French doors. Sue turned to us and quietly said, "Not yet anyway."