"Hey babe," said the voice from the doorway. "I'm off to work. Oh, and I got hold of the air conditioning people and they said they'd get it fixed today. Love you," and she heard a smack of lips as he blew her a kiss. She didn't know that he'd gotten hold of them first thing this morning and told them there'd be no one home so he'd leave the back door unlocked. The owner was a client of his so he had no concerns about that arrangement.
Naked, she rolled over in the clammy and sticky sheets. The air conditioner had broken yesterday with the temperature at 106 and the news had said it would cool off to at least 90 during the night. She felt a little miserable and just wanted to go jump in the swimming pool but she had to get ready for work. She heard the garage door open and Brad's BMW start up and pull out of the garage, then the hum as the door closed.
Bethany was 32 and had been married just two years now. She was exactly five feet tall but was one of those exceptional women that, if you took her picture without anything for size reference you wouldn't know if she was 5 foot tall or 6 foot tall. Her entire body was perfectly proportioned to her diminutive size, her reddish blond hair always perfectly cut and shaped, her make-up and clothing always exquisite as, in the few years before marriage she had worked her way up to sales manager of a local auto dealership. It was a drastic departure from her college days when she had been, well, let's just say a little wild and uninhibited in her behavior. She was always invited to parties and plied with drink and flirted with by each of the guys there hoping that her choosy self would pick them for her favors that night as she had a reputation for providing wonderful entertainment for the lucky chosen one. That had changed after graduation as she really seemed to be searching for an appropriate mate to spend her life with. She hadn't totally eliminated that wild side of her life, just become more discriminating with it.
She had met Brad at a Christmas party the dealership had put on for its suppliers and those companies that did important work for them. Brad was the account manager for the company that did all the financial and tax work for the dealership. He was blown away by her at first sight and she by him as well. He was 31, robbing the cradle the people at the dealership had laughingly said, but they had dated for six months and decided it was silly to bother moving in together since they really just wanted to get married. He had proposed to her appropriately at the dealership's summer picnic, getting on one knee and hearing her loud, "YES, YES, YES," to the accompanying applause and cheers of her associates. At six foot three he towered over her but she found it fascinating to go places with him, always to the stares of people watching them. He had played basketball in college and still did recreationally so he was fit and energetic and found the sex with her to be totally exciting, fulfilling and satisfying.
Now Beth sat up on the edge of the bed, apparently ready for another day. As she stood up the phone beside the bed rang and she sleepily answered.
"Hey Beth, this is Jake," the voice of the owner of the dealership said. "You there?" She mumbled that she was. "Hey, the power went off this morning and everything at the dealership is dark. No sense you coming in since the computers and phones and everything are down. They're expecting it to be off most of the day so have a day off here and I'll call you if things change."
"Okay, thanks for the call, Jake. Just let me know." She smiled a little. She wasn't looking forward to getting dressed in this miserable heat anyway.
"No problem, Beth. Bye now," and he hung up as did she.
She glanced at the little electronic temperature readout on the window sill and it already said 98. Plus, it felt like the humidity was about the same. She thought for a moment. There was something that needed to get done that she had been putting off and maybe today would be a good day to get it done. It sure would be good to have Brad's 6'-3" frame helping but she thought she could do it herself. The furniture in the little family room in the basement needed rearranging and she decided to just do it. She finished her bathroom chores and then threw on a bra, some plain panties, an old t-shirt and a pair of work out shorts. She added a little pair of shoes that didn't need the laces tied and headed downstairs. She would move the furniture, shower and then jump in the pool, maybe skipping the shower depending on how she felt.
In the basement she stood for a moment, going over in her mind the plan she had for the room. Well, she finally decided, if she was going to do it there was no way to avoid getting started and doing the hard work. She began moving tables, sliding chairs around, shoving the big couch from one wall to the next and found that she was quickly soaked with perspiration. She got two of the chairs located and was pushing the third when she slipped and nearly fell. She swore softly, realizing that she had slipped in her own perspiration that was dripping from her chin. "Fine ladies shouldn't sweat," she said out loud and giggled a little. Now, with just the couch to put in its final resting place, she passed the mirror on the wall and duly noted that she was a mess. Her t-shirt was nearly totally soaked as were her shorts and she knew her bra and panties would be even worse. She approached the couch, bent and put her shoulder to it, grunted and finally it was in place.
Finished with the room, she remembered that she had planned to do the washing this evening so she headed to the room next door, deciding to get a little ahead for a change. She dumped the colored clothes in the machine, added some soap, one of those little block things, closed the door and pressed the start button. She heard the satisfying sound of the water filling the tub and decided to head to the pool. She had taken about two steps when she remembered that she had promised to bring some books and other material she had about automotive sales and about Acura to one of the new salesmen. She pivoted and headed to the other end of the "utility room" as Brad like to call it, where she stored that material.
She had so many things stashed back there that she was having trouble finding what she was looking for and she reminded herself that, as Brad often told her, if it's worth keeping, then organize it so you know what's there or else just throw it away. Like that was going to happen anytime soon she thought. After a good deal of rummaging she found what she was looking for, at least enough to satisfy the new guy, and she headed back toward the steps. As she passed the washing machine a thought struck her. Why wear these disgusting clothes back upstairs when the washer was right here and the whites would be the next load. The houses here were far apart and she knew no one would be able to see her naked little body when she went upstairs. She laid the books and other papers on top of the washer and quickly pulled the soggy shirt over her head and threw it on the pile, followed by the equally soggy pants. She heard the washer begin its spin cycle as she peeled her bra off and tugged the panties down her legs, adding them to the pile as she looked down at herself and her glistening body and decided that most men would find this look extremely erotic. There was actually a drop of water hanging tantalizingly off the end of one of her nipples. Unfortunately the load in the washer was a little unbalanced and it began to vibrate rather violently which, of course, sent the books and papers cascading off the top and to the floor, behind the washer and under the big table next to it.
"Just what I needed," she said as she faced the inevitable and got down on hands and knees and began gathering scattered stuff. Some she could get easily but others were back under the table. Luckily, due to her diminutive size she could crawl easily under the table which she did and began gathering the things that had found their way back there. Of course, with the washer vibrating loudly and her under the table she didn't hear the knock on the back door, nor the door opening nor the hushed footsteps of the repairman who had put on those little paper booties so he wouldn't track dirt in the house. And of course she didn't hear him coming down the steps to the "utility room" either.
Those steps led to the open door of the "utility room" and straight through the door was the furnace and air conditioning equipment. Eyes straight ahead, the repairman saw the equipment as he came through the door. Of course, he heard the vibrating washer and glanced in that direction to see Beth's shining ass emerging backward from under the table, her shaved pussy beautifully on display. His eyes got wide and his mouth dropped open with a stunned expression on his face. He was frozen in place having no conception of what to do next. Of course, Beth was not frozen in place as she continued backing out from under the table. She put the things she had gathered onto the table and stood up. Wiping her forehead, she turned around and and let out a blood curdling scream, quickly covering her breasts with one arm and putting the other hand over her crotch as best she could. There were about two seconds of stunned silence.
"Oh my god, ma'am. I'm so sorry. Oh my god. They said there wouldn't be anyone home. The door was unlocked. I just . . ." He was nearly panting from fear.
Beth saw a terrified young man, obviously sure he was going to lose his job. From his looks he was probably only 21 or 22 and this was probably his first job. She was sure he was thinking that he might even go to jail. He was stammering out every word he said, obvious just blubbering and not able to think carefully.
"Ma'am, I'm so sorry, I really am. They said . . . I just . . ." He was trembling all over, the equipment bag in his hand shaking so hard things inside were rattling. She could hear it now that the washer had finally stopped its spin.
Now, the imp of mischief took its place on her shoulder and that part of her that had controlled her during those college days reemerged slightly and she smiled inwardly. Slowly she dropped her arms to her sides. "No sense hiding them," she said, "since I think you got a pretty good view when I was under the table."
"Ma'am, I'm so sorry. I really am." He was pleading now and she was afraid he might break into tears soon.
"Oh, no real harm," and she glanced at the name tag on his work uniform, "Bo. You're not the first guy to see me naked." She smiled at him which didn't seem to relax him at all.
"I just need to fix the air conditioner, ma'am, that's all. I just wish this hadn't happened. There was nothing in our training manuals about this."
She had to giggle at that last comment, which didn't help his demeanor at all, but she did notice that, during the whole encounter, he had made no effort to take his eyes off of her. That, of course, was pleasing to her.
"Listen, Bo," she said as she took a step closer to him, narrowing the distance now to three or four feet and spreading her arms to her side, "you've seen me naked, pretty much every bit of me. Do you think I'm a pretty woman?" She knew, if he was concentrating at all, that he could see her nipples had hardened and were protruding rather nicely from the tips of her breasts. Of course he couldn't see the wetness between her legs as she was very wet from head to toe.
"Oh lord, ma'am, I can't answer that. It wouldn't be right. I'm just here to fix the air conditioner. Please don't ask questions like that." Her question had started him trembling again, if indeed he had ever really stopped.
"Here to fix the air conditioner and not to see me naked, huh. Well," and she jiggled a little so her perfectly shaped breasts bounced from side to side, "you have seen me, and this too," she added as she turned around and bent over to touch the floor, her legs straight so that he had pretty much the shot of her that he had originally had.
"Ma'am, don't do that, please. I'm so sorry," he repeated again. "I'll just fix this air conditioner and then you'll have cool air again." He glanced at the furnace.
She now noticed two things. First, that his nervous breathing had turned to a rather ragged and much more measured intake and exhale of air and second, that there was a rather large and pleasing lump forming in his uniform pants.
"But, Bo, what do I get out of this? I know the air conditioner will be fixed and we'll pay for that. But for me personally, standing here naked in front of you, and with my body glistening like this," and she looked up and down her own body, gesturing with one hand, "it's an extra treat for you, what do I get?
"Ma'am, I can't answer that question and don't think I should even if I could."
"Well, Bo, you do have a rather nice lump in those pants," and she pointed, her fingers just a foot or so away from the bulge, "and that's a nice compliment to me. I'd just like to see how much of a compliment it really is. Why don't you show me."
"Ma'am, oh lord, Ma'am, you can't ask me to do that. It wouldn't be right. Oh, I should have knocked louder. Please ma'am, just let me fix the air conditioner."
Bo was a pleasant looking fellow, probably six foot tall and a little overweight. She guessed he would be a very pleasant mate for the right girl. She actually kind of liked his shyness, even if she was taking horrible advantage of it. That and his fear. "Come on, Bo, "just zip those pants down and take it out and let me see. That's seems fair to me. I'm not asking you to get naked, like I am." She raised her arms to her sides again. "I just want a peek at that thing."
Bo was thinking. She could almost hear the gears in his brain whirring. She was really rather amazed that he even considered what she was asking, but he obviously was. Then he took a deep breath. "Ma'am, this is terrible for me but, if I agree to let you see will you let me fix the air conditioner and get on to the rest of my calls?"
This was getting interesting and a mite surprising she thought. "Well, Bo, it was you who barged in on me naked so, that might be enough but I still want my options. Do I look like I'd be unfair?" and again she held her arms out and jiggled her boobs. "And remember, you never answered my question about whether I'm pretty or not."
"Ma'am, you're beautiful," he grudgingly admitted as she nodded her head toward his crotch. And, I don't think I can just unzip and get it out, you know." Now his face reddened considerably. "I'm going to have to lower my pants here."
Whoa, now she was really interested. What hidden treasure did Bo have there? Her eyes were glued to him as he began to unfasten his pants and she felt more wetness down below that didn't come from her sweat but did have to do with overheating. He didn't hesitate now that he had made the decision. He slid the work pants to his knees and then the boxer shorts followed. Now he looked away from her for about the first time.
She saw why the zipper wouldn't have worked. His penis, which stood straight out from his body now, was different than she'd ever seen. She guessed its length at an unspectacular 6-1/2 inches but there was more. The head was a shiny purple, what she would call a normal sized head but that would be the last time normal would fit. It flared out from the head to a girth that she guessed at seven inches around, close to two and a half inches in diameter. And with the huge veins that twisted around its length it was even bigger. She could feel her heart pounding.
"That's quite an implement you have there, Bo."
"Thanks, ma'am. He glanced at her again nervously. "It scares some of the girls I've been lucky enough to want to have sex with me." Was he relaxing a little with something he was probably proud of now on display?
"Bo, I can't help myself. I'm going to touch it." No response from Bo so she did. She could feel it pulsing with every beat of his heart. Her small hand barely stretched from the bottom to the top and she could understand girls being afraid of it. Even she was a little afraid, but it was a fear she wanted to overcome. But, she was married and she sure wasn't going to try to climb on that thing without Brad's knowing about it and being okay with it and she couldn't bother him at work for that, soooooo. She stroked it a couple of times as best she could to an accompanying grunt from Bo who didn't tell her to stop. "Do you have a cell phone, Bo?" she queried.
"Ma'am?" he questioned, looking very puzzled.
"Cell phone?" she said again and he reached into his shirt pocket and handed her his iphone. She handed it back. "Put in the passcode," she told him which he dutifully did, a questioning look still on his face. Then she went to camera mode, carefully put her left hand with the engagement and wedding rings clearly visible so Brad would know it was really her hand, on his erection and took a close-up. Then she went to the picture and emailed it to herself. She reached up and put the phone back in his pocket to his expectant look. But, as much as she wanted to feel herself painfully stretched by Bo's wonderful erection she knew that wouldn't happen. But, with what she'd put him through with her teasing, he deserved some pleasure.
She bent down and kissed the shiny head to a gasp from Bo. Opening her mouth as wide as she could she slid her lips over the head and maybe an inch down the shaft. But, no more and her jaws were aching at that. So, she took it in both hands and began stroking. She pictured herself as the ladies of old, pounding up and down on the butter churn, using both hands. Bo was not complaining and he was making delicious sounding grunts and groans and, before long, she felt him tensing and the groans got longer and louder and suddenly, stream after stream of milky liquid shot out all over the basement floor. She kept pumping until he stopped groaning and she gave it a gentle kiss, getting the last of the cum on her lips. She licked her lips and smiled at Bo.
"Thanks, Bo," she said, giggling. "I had to do that so it would relax a little and you could get it back in your pants. Now you can get to work on the air conditioner. Oh wait," she interrupted and grabbed the phone out of his pocket. She held it up and, with a puzzled look, he entered the code again. She stepped away from him, brought up the camera once more and hit the little circle arrow so the screen showed what the camera was seeing. She held it out away from herself and moved until she was framed in the picture from her neck to her knees and then took the photo. She stuck the camera back in his pocket. "A little souvenir," she said, "and I'll clean up the floor," as she gave him one last view of her butt as she went up the stairs. She called back down from the top of the steps, "If they send us one of those questionnaire things you'll get a fantastic review from me. Let yourself out when you're finished." Then she went upstairs to her bedroom.
She wanted to jump right in the pool but there was something she needed to do first. She clicked up her computer, entered the password and went to her email. There it was, that photo she had taken. She saved it to her hard drive and deleted the email. She was tempted to keep it so she'd have Bo's phone number but she'd put him through enough, and besides, he now had her email. Not wanting to get her sweat on the bed, she lay on the floor with the computer beside her, that picture at full screen. She was very wet in more ways than one and, with her experienced finger working its magic, she was soon arching her back and moaning until she began twisting and jerking as her orgasm overtook her. She wondered if Bo would have enjoyed seeing that too. She was sure he would have. Standing up slowly, she clicked the picture down, anticipating showing it to Brad, and put the computer back on the desk, making a mental note to go online and order one of those really thick dildos, maybe even an inflatable one. She grabbed her bikini, slipping it on as she finally headed for the pool. As she was beginning to cool off in the water, she heard Bo's truck start. She stood up in the pool and waved at him. She got a toot on the horn in return. And, she could hardly wait to get back inside the house and feel the cool air from the finally repaired air conditioner.