Foreplay: What started out as a simple idea just grew longer to the point where I felt I had to stop. This is a complete story but it leaves me a chance to do a continuation subject to there being sufficient demand. 5 stars always helps!
All characters in this story are over 18.
***
"Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it."
― Lloyd Alexander
"ROBIN!" The shout from his mother was more urgent than the previous three requests from her, "We don't want to be late to the church." She paused for a moment while he replied.
"Yes, I'm coming," he said, for the fourth time. He just wasn't used to looking smart in trousers rather than scruffy jeans and having to wear a shirt and dark blue tie. The tie wasn't even his, borrowing it from his dad for the funeral.
"And don't forget your little speech," she continued.
"No mum, it's in my pocket." More correctly it was an eulogy, a few words to remind all at the funeral service how Andy had spent his 19 years on this planet helping anyone who needed help, studying to make a future for himself, loving - both his admiring parents and, in a different way, girls who he'd allowed to spend special times with him. These were just three of the many attributes his popular friend had. Rob's tie, topped by a Windsor knot, was finally fastened correctly. He came downstairs to face his frowning mother.
"Come here," she demanded, further adjusting the tie that had taken him a good ten minutes to knot, despite expert tuition from his dad the evening before. Finally certain that Rob's appearance was as good as she could make it, they set off to the church.
The church was full and they took their reserved places on the second pew from the front. Rob was a little nervous, never having spoken in front of so many people before and he was glad when his contribution to the service finally came around. Donna, Andy's mum, had near insisted that Rob should contribute. He and Andy had grown up together, been at school together and at times had been inseparable. The service ended, the interment followed in the graveyard outside; "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust," the vicar recited and it was all over.
At the funeral tea, served up in the adjoining church hall, Rob got to talk to a number of Andy's relatives he'd only seen occasionally; his granddads and grandmas all had reddened, tearful eyes just like Donna and, he had to admit, he himself. One by one he shook hands with or kissed the cheeks of uncles and aunts, cousins, friends of the family. It was a sad, sad day.
Although inseparable, Andy and Rob were totally different in nature. Andy was outgoing, bright, he loved sports and had been the captain of the school rugby team. He was popular, serving his old school as Head Boy in his final year, which was no mean achievement. Girls admired him, both for his tender nature and for his physique and Rob knew that neither Andy nor some of his girlfriends were virgins.
Andy worked hard on his physique, both in the school gym and exercising at home. Rob envied him at times but could never bring himself to copy his lifelong friend. Word had quickly spread about that singular part of Andy's physique that stood out from the rest - 6 inches was Rob's estimate, having accompanied Andy many times to the town swimming pool, and that was in its cold, hung state. Swimming was the sole sport they shared and enjoyed, although Rob had to admit that Andy was far and away the best swimmer. Of course, one didn't carry a ruler or measure tape but how it hung was what many girls talked about. Following a long hot refreshing shower to ease the muscles after a good swim, Rob had to admit Andy's equipment fell into the super family size range but his own barely avoided being classified as a reject. It had been said, and Rob had no reason to doubt it, that girls creamed their knickers just thinking about him.
It had been the end of term and many of the Sixth Form Academy leavers celebrated in style. Yes, there was the formal school dance, but both Rob and Andy had been invited to the second party a week later - the real party with alcohol, willing girls and no school staff to dull the enjoyment. Although quite shy, Rob had joined in the fun and mum had provided his transport home. Tragically the car transporting Andy and several girls home had been involved in a bad accident. The crowded car had meant Andy was the only one without a seat belt or the protection of one of the car's airbags. The collision was head-on, a drunken driver had turned quickly the wrong way into a narrow one-way street, the driver had lost control and both cars were a complete write off. Andy, unprotected, had suffered severe head injuries. The life support machine was switched off two days later.
***
Within two weeks Rob was totally at a loss. Long gone were the times Andy had borrowed one of his dad's 'special' magazines and the two boys had wanked themselves senseless, aided by a pair of Helen's skimpy knickers, discarded after an early morning shower. Helen - Rob's elder sister by 3 years - had unknowingly provided that 'je ne sais quoi' that enabled the boys' full satisfaction after frenzied attempts to shoot cum the furthest in Andy's parents luxury bathroom. Of course when erect Andy had a big advantage over Rob, his blood engorged member poking out proudly and further from underneath his tanned, tightly toned stomach. THAT, thought Rob, gave Andy an unfair advantage in life. Andy didn't need to go out on the pull, the girls pulled him. Andy had mentioned to Rob on many occasions how he'd liked to have a sister but he was an only (and often spoiled) child. Andy was never short of money in his pocket.
It was hot that week. What was the point of going to the swimming pool alone? Rob smiled; at least at the pool when, say, one girl became attracted to the bulge in Andy's swim shorts, her friend might settle for the less attractive attributes of Rob. Even given Rob's shyness, girls were often eager for a kiss in the privacy of a changing cubicle - sometimes more - and in fact some girls, thought Rob, actually enjoyed his meek manner.
That particular day Rob had to settle for a lounger in his garden, taking in the sun alone. Not for long though; with Helen at work his mum brought him a cold beer from the fridge. She pulled up another lounger.
"You can't just mope around," she said, "Surely you can get some exercise somewhere. You never know, you might meet a girl you like."
"Maybe," sighed Rob, "But maybe not. I guess I don't have the charm or the chat up lines that Andy had."
"Why do you always have to put yourself down? Even Helen says you can be a total wimp at times." Christine cursed herself for the reminder. She immediately apologised, "Sorry Rob, I shouldn't have said that."
Rob took another swig from the can. The amber liquid felt good, cooling the heat inside him.'Mum's right,' he thought, "What a wimp, Helen spoke the truth. She was fitter and healthier than him. She always had a boyfriend and all he had was a good sprinkling of teenage acne. His waist was too big, his cock too small. How often had Helen waved her little finger during an argument? Baby peepee she said - Rob has a baby peepee.'
"Come on, snap out of it," Christine growled, "Go for a walk, read a book, go for a swim. Do something." The lecture didn't work and even a light hearted pep talk later in the evening from big sis didn't work. Only Andy could cure his bad mood - and Andy was no longer there.
Tuesday gave way to Wednesday then Thursday. Rob's mood was just the same. Friday morning he casually picked up the Gazette, the local rag; who'd done what to who, the weekly list of how well the town council was improving the lives of its' citizens, letters to the editor that spoke the opposite - how local taxes were frittered away. Then just before the sports pages were the hatches, matches and dispatches which, 2 weeks ago, had confirmed Andy's death. The classified ads: each car salesroom competing to sell you the latest model at a monthly payment you could afford. Then a large colour advert caught Rob's eye:
'Simon Beswell, Clairvoyant, Spiritualist Medium, Experience a roller coaster of emotions, comfort and joy.'
The price for enlightenment, for some contrived unspecific message from a loved one in heaven or hell, was £15. Ouch! 15 quid just to hear a load of baloney. Rob neatly folded the newspaper (dad hated it being 'messed up') and put it, again neatly, ready for his dad to read later.
15 minutes later he picked up the newspaper again, turned to the advert, decided £15 might at least, if he was open minded, just give Andy the chance to convey some belated message from the far side of his grave. The following Thursday evening, £15 lighter in his pocket, Rob sat with the other hopefuls in a local hotel meeting room.
"Ladies and gentlemen," began Simon - for he insisted on first name terms, "Cast your doubts aside while I try to make connections with the people who were most near and dear to you."
The meeting went on ... Ada, with a message to Frank. Diane looking to convey some words to a grieving Adrian ... and then ...
Simon held fingers to his temples, closed his eyes as in deep concentration and began to speak, "I'm getting confused ... do we have someone in the room ... a birdwatcher? I keep getting the word 'robin' over and over."
Rob, suddenly wildly aware, raised his hand, "That's my full name. Most people know me as Rob."
"Rob ... I'm getting an image of a car crash ... a young man in distress ... Andy. Do you know someone called Andy?" Of course, anyone could have read the front page story in the Gazette but 'Robin'? Very few people knew his full name. Simon continued, "You were good friends. You both went to a party. You left earlier than him." He screwed up his eyes in deep and uncomfortable concentration, "Your friend Andy is sending me urgent messages, very forcibly, he has so much to tell you, so much he wants you to do, to say to his girlfriend Emma."
"But none of this was printed in the Gazette," Rob muttered to himself, "And Andy could be very forceful in putting his point across." He raised his voice so the room could hear. "What does he want me to say to Emma?"
"This is difficult," said Simon, "Andy's message is so strong, so urgent. He wants you to look after Emma. He wants to share something with you."
"What?" asked Rob, totally dumbfounded. Andy and Emma had been longtime friends but only a week or so before had Andy told him they were now an item.
Simon screwed his face. His head throbbed. Never before had a 'voice' been so powerful. "He won't tell me ... it's private ... he's just repeating 'will you share?'"
"Yes," answered Rob, in a quiet voice, "But how?"
No sooner were the words out of his mouth than the room rapidly chilled, the people around him disappeared into a haze, his whole body shivered, a tingle passed through him and then, all at once, everything was normal again. Spooked? Rob was well and truly spooked.
Sweat poured from Simon's brow. He took a long drink from the glass of water on his desk. "Can I please apologise to you all. I'm going to have to end the session and I'll arrange for you all to attend a future session free of charge." He looked totally drained. His secretary handed out vouchers as Simon retreated, as it turned out, to the hotel bar. The spirits he needed now were alcoholic ones.
Rob only told his mother the very basic details of the Clairvoyant session. His dad just grunted "Waste of good money" before watching the late night sports news on TV. Rob slept uneasily that night, thoughts of 'what the fuck happened?' rolling about in his mind. Friday morning he awoke with the most stonking sizzler of a morning glory. He stayed in bed until it subsided.
"There's toast or cereals," advised Christine when he finally arrived downstairs. Rob's usual 4 slices of toast always had thick layers of butter and marmalade on top. That day he only ate a small bowl of Crisped Rice. He wasn't hungry, though he did get through 3 cups of strong coffee and hell, he didn't know why but for the first time since Andy's death Rob actually felt positive. Out for a walk on that warm early summer day, Rob chewed over what had happened the evening before. How could that man know about Emma, and very few people knew him as Robin - he hated that name. The chill, the haze, the tingles - all special effects? And that great stonker of an erection, a full woody - somehow he could have sworn he was a little longer - how?
By the time he returned home, Rob still didn't have any answers. Either Simon was a very clever conman or he really was able to contact the dead and Rob's mind was settling on the latter. How could he contact Emma? Should he tell her about the Clairvoyant? Should he try to convince her he'd dreamt that Andy wanted her cared for? Rob gave up trying.
Dad and Helen often arrived home roughly the same time - Dad in the comfort of an air conditioned Jag, Helen on the 138 bus. When Helen walked in, hot and sticky, Rob noticed for the first time that she had loosened whatever clothing she legally and morally could to keep her as cool as possible. He also noticed how short her skirt was. Hell, he thought to himself, how fucking sexy she was. On the pretext of getting closer he grabbed a small towel and offered her it to wipe the copious sweat from her face and neck, kissing her on the cheek as he did so.
"What was all that about?" she asked tersely. "You've finally realised you have a sister and that she works damned hard?"
"Well yes," he replied, with a smile to counter her scowl. "I guess I've taken you for granted and it's taken Andy's death to make me realise how friends and family are so special."
Helen's scowl changed, "Well," she said, her mood lightening a little, "Let's hope you remember that," and she returned the kiss on his cheek. The day had been hot, the humidity from Britain's surrounding waters was relentless. The family sat down to enjoy the salad that mum had prepared.
Rob tried hard, so very hard to sneak a peek at his sister's minimal clothing, or rather the generous proportion of exposed skin, without being too obvious. Fuck, fuck, fuck - what was he doing? He'd seen far more of Helen in her bikini or partially clothed hunting for this or that blouse or skirt to go out in. She'd ironed stuff in bra and thong and he hadn't batted an eyelid. Why now? And why was he getting ... he sneaked a hand under the table to check. My god, he was almost solid.
"How did you get on with the Clairvoyant," she asked, almost casually. Dad muttered something unintelligible.
"Uneasily," replied Rob, and he went on to explain.
"Will you try to phone Emma?"
"I don't know." Rob simply answered, but he knew he would. "I don't know her surname, where she lives or her mobile number."
"Surely it will be in Andy's phone. Can't you ask his mother?"
Dad mumbled again, "Can't you two talk about this later?"
"Leave them," said Christine, but dad wasn't having this mumbo-jumbo at the table.
"My room," said Helen as soon as dinner had ended. Andy had eaten only half of what was usually piled on his plate.
"So, how do you think he does it?" big sister asked, well away from their father's ears.
Rob shrugged his shoulders. "I guess it's similar to ouija boards. Some people have been scared shitless. Either you believe or you don't."
"What about you? Are you going to look after Emma for Andy? Oh, and stop looking at my tits. It's distracting ... you were doing it all through dinner."
"As I say, I've been taking too much for granted. I mean, you're beautiful and I never tell you so." Rob just couldn't believe the words had come out of his mouth.
Helen smiled, "Thank you. No one has said that to me recently." She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. As she leaned, her cleavage showed a little more. She cupped her breasts and laughed, "They're too big and they're not even."
"No, they're perfect."
She smiled again, a beaming smile. "Thank you. That's so nice, especially from you. You've never complimented me before. A girl needs that." She stopped, thought, then reached around to unclasp the hook "Shut your eyes."
When Rob next looked the bra was on her bed. He mouthed, "What?"
"Oh you men don't know half the problem. I have to wear the damned thing to stop men ogling. My tits move as I walk if I'm not careful. The bra rubs and it makes them hot and sweaty."
Rob noticed another button was undone and her erect nipples pushed against the cotton. He could make out the dark bullseyes surrounding her nipples and felt himself stiffen. Suddenly his underpants felt too small. "That," he admitted, "Is just going to tempt me to look more." Helen just smiled. They talked for a while ... a long while. They talked far more than they'd ever talked before.
***
"I was at the funeral," said Emma, "Sat right at the back. I cried a lot and I didn't want to draw attention. I thought your few words were brilliant. You really summed up his life as best you could. How long had you known Andy?"
"Since we were kids at infant school," he said. He was glad that he'd finally rung Emma. Of course her number was in Andy's contacts and Donna was pleased he'd asked her for it.
"You must have been very close. Are you missing him too?"
"I am, a lot," admitted Rob, "And there's something I have to tell you that I can't do over the phone."
"Sure. Why not offer me a drink?" said Emma, "But I know Andy said you were very shy."
Rob laughed, "That's true, but I'm having to learn." He'd been in Andy's shadow too long. "How about the Pickled Piglet, tomorrow evening? 7.30?"
"That sounds great. Cya there."
***
All day Rob had wondered how Emma would be - still depressed about Andy? Very likely. Trying to move forward? It was too soon. Anxious to hear what he had to say? She sounded as if she wanted to know. Emma had a smooth, seductive telephone voice and Andy was popular both for his friendly, helpful personality and his well above average baby machine.
He took a long time to shower, trying to relax. Soaping his balls and letting a closed, well lathered fist run along his semi, Rob soon had his best friend stood to attention; strange, he thought, was his hardened, blood engorged friend thicker and perhaps an inch longer? He knew his cock well, having wanked so many times in private and other times in the company of Andy. He closed his eyes and the image of his beautiful sister came focussed in his mind. His fist speeded, his seed splattered on to the glass of the shower cubicle.
Fuck, what had he been thinking? He'd wanked with his thoughts fully focussed on his sister ... HIS SISTER for fuck's sake. He dried himself off and walked through naked to his room. He chose his clothes carefully, took his time to shave, added a generous touch of an expensive aftershave given to him at Christmas, scrubbed every last remnant of food from his teeth lest his breath interfered in the conversation. What would, 2 weeks before, have been trepidation and nerves became anticipation; wild anticipation.
The pub was full, mainly due to soccer on the big screen. It was noisy, the barmaid leaning forward to hear his order. Shit, even more tits. How the hell hadn't he noticed before ... First his sister, then the barmaid and now ... WOW. Emma had waved him over as soon as he'd entered the pub. He only had a fair idea of what Emma looked like - despite his friendship with Andy - but of course he had done the eulogy in church and Emma must have recognised him without a shirt and tie. What a girl! Flawless face with just the minimum of makeup, bright topaz blue eyes, long blonde hair flowing over her tits, short pale blue dress shaped to emphasise her slim waist.
He returned to the table with some cocktail he'd never heard of and a pint of Shepherds Ale, a local brew. He noticed her dress had one more button open, revealing more of her lightly tanned skin. He felt himself harden, though there was no immediate sexual attraction. Through years of being shy, always the last to talk unless he was answering a question, Rob was hesitant, but this girl dressed sexy and talked sexy; OK, let's be honest, this girl simply oozed sex.
"I was so depressed at losing my best friend, I decided to go see a clairvoyant and medium show at that hotel near the golf course," Rob began.
"You mean The Preston?" she offered, smiling.
"Yes. You know it?"
"It got taken over a couple of years ago. It was in the Gazette."
"Anyway, this guy Simon seemed to know quite a lot about Andy and he said that Andy was in a good place but I 'had to look after you' and that he had 'things to share with me'. When I finally agreed to share the whole room went hazy, cold and a tingle passed through me. Then everything was normal ... except Simon looked drained and had to end the session."
Emma's face went white. Her brow had beads of sweat. Then all at once she was normal again. "Andy believed in the afterlife, he believed in ghosts or spirits, whatever you want to call them, and he also told me he wouldn't leave me and he'd 'look after me' if anything went wrong. There's just one thing."
"What's that?"
"I need to be sure that what Andy believed in was true. Andy said you enjoyed swimming."
"Yes,why?"
"Are you a good swimmer?"
"I'm OK, but never as good as Andy was."
Emma laughed, "Yes, I know. I couldn't keep up with him either." She paused, "Ask me."
Rob thought for a moment. Emma seemed to like being invited rather than asking herself; "It seems a great idea in this hot weather. How about you come swimming with me tomorrow?"
She beamed a cheeky, sexy smile then drained her cocktail, "Hmm, I don't know you so I'd have to think it over, but my glass is empty ..."
The barmaid with big tits and not afraid to show them mixed the same cocktail. Rob, aware of how little he had in his bank account, stuck with beer. Emma had one more button undone.
"I like you Rob; Andy talked about you sometimes and never had a bad word to say." She took another sip through the cocktail straw, "So it's a date. Call for me tomorrow after tea and we'll go swimming." Rob looked puzzled, Emma continued, "It's always quieter after 6." They talked some more, Rob buying the drinks again but somehow not minding the cost as the view was wonderful. They talked a while about Andy before eventually leaving. They kissed at the bus stop; not exactly tongues but certainly a meaningful kiss.
***
Helen was watching TV with Christine when Rob got home. Sometimes Helen wasn't too bothered how short her skirt was or just how casual she sat. She'd caught her dad looking a few times in the past but not said anything. Before Rob could get a free shot she swung her legs, got up and tugged him upstairs.
"How did it go?" she asked, "Did you tell her about Simon?"
"If you give me a chance, I'll tell you," he answered. What is it with women? You want to know the gossip as soon as it happens."
"So don't keep me waiting."
"It was weird, we were talking as if we'd known each other for ages. Usually I have to hunt for things to say but ... I don't know why ... " Rob stopped, Helen would tease him for the impossible he had to say.
"Go on," Helen prompted.
Rob was hesitant, despite the 'well?' look on his big sister's face. Finally he continued, cautiously, "You remember that movie - Ghost, when Patrick Swayze looks after Demi Moore after he's murdered?" Helen nodded. "Well last night I was sure Andy was there, invisible, prompting me."
"How did you know?"
"I somehow knew what to say - you know how clumsy I am talking to someone I don't know. I bought her 3 expensive cocktails yet when I checked my bank account at the ATM there's some extra money gone in from somewhere. Then I remembered it might have been a refund of some tax I'd been overcharged."
"Did Emma say anything?"
"No, but she kissed me at the bus stop, pressing herself against me and we arranged to go swimming tonight." Helen shifted herself awkwardly on her bed. Cross-legged her yellow thong appeared.
"That sounds like more than a thank you kiss."
Rob laughed a nervous laugh, "I'm not an expert at understanding what kisses mean."
Helen shifted uncomfortably again. "So did you ... I mean when I kiss my boyfriend he ... oh come here." She jumped up from her bed, grabbed him, and before Rob had a chance to object she kissed him. Within moments she pulled away.
"Oh for fuck's sake Rob, do you know ANYTHING?"
"But you're my big sister. It's not right. It's ... "
"It's nothing, call it a bit of friendly help. Hell, it's only a kiss. I'm your sister and I'm ... well ... as I said, I'm just trying to help, to understand this ..." She paused again. "Do you believe in ghosts?"
"I didn't, but that cold chill, the haze, the strange sensations and the feeling that Andy was helping in some way."
"So show me, let me help." This time Rob didn't object. Was his sister jealous? Was she HORNY? He let Helen's mouth melt into his. Their lips became welded, each unable to pull away. Her mouth widened, letting her tongue move into ...
"NO. NO TONGUES. JUST A KISS."
Helen's hand moved to her brother's crotch. He started to move it away then stopped. He told himself she was just curious.
"Well well, little Rob, have you been on those blue pills?"
"And how would I do that?" He felt his pants zipper go. "No, Helen. You're my sister."
"Didn't mum tell you big sister should look after little brother?"
"Oh yes," he growled, "Just to say little brother has a little peepee?"
"Not so little now though? Where did you find dad's stash of blue V's?"
"Uh?"
"Just forget it." Helen wasn't going to tell him what mum had confided. She deftly freed Rob's soldier, now total rigid, from his pants. "My ... not so little peepee now. So what did you do to grow this big?"
"I guess some late hormones kicked in." He planned to take a ruler to the bathroom later. Just now the body part in question was close to splitting its skin. Helen's gentle touch felt fantastic.
"So, back to the bus stop kiss; did you get this big?"
"Yes "
"And did Emma do this?" Helen ran her thumb and first finger lightly along the full length of his swollen cock, pausing at the now glistening, sensitive tip. Rob closed his eyes, savouring the sensations that the expertise of his sister was giving him. "You're bigger, slightly thicker, and very desirable," she crooned as if worshiping a phallic god. Now down her knees she gave her brother pleasure he'd never experienced. It made his own attempts to self-pleasure very feeble. This was a true hand job.
Just, and only just before Helen should have made his cock shoot she squeezed hard until his erection was gone. She licked his copious pre-cum as a cat would lick cream before using her mouth to persuade his weapon to rise up to its former size. She slipped her lips along the length until she gagged, then let his cock escape, humming whilst her lips lightly traced along. The effect was unbelievable, her skill practiced and polished on boyfriends. Finally Rob could stand no more. Helen happily swallowed.
Far from being tired from the evening's activities, or even relaxed from his sister's humming, Rob took ages to fall asleep but when he did he dreamed an odd but deeply erotic dream. He was in the pub again, unable to tear his eyes away from the barmaid's luscious cleavage but as he looked her cleavage grew wider and wider. An intense suction began, much in the way of a huge industrial vacuum cleaner. He felt himself lifted up as the cleavage gap grew wider and he tried to shout "No!", looking pleadingly at the barmaid's face ... NO ... His SISTER'S face, but no sound came. How the hell could he confuse Helen with the barmaid? He felt very stupid.
The softness of Helen's breast skin brushed his ears as his head disappeared down her cavernous cleavage. It became dark as he felt himself in an endless tunnel, hearing his sister's voice "That will teach you to stare at my tits," followed in a moment by "No, I didn't want you to disappear, I wanted to teach you a lesson, NOOOO!"
Then all at once he was stuck, "It's his cock," Emma's voice, "It's so HUGE it's got stuck. Wait, I'll free him."
"No, leave him alone, he's mine, he'll disappear," shouted Helen.
"Grab his legs," Emma's voice again, "I'll free him." Next came the most delightful, wet, velvety gentle movements along Rob's cock until it pumped and pumped and pumped.
He awoke, sweating, confused as his balls spewed up cum, splashing his sheet before he could stop it. Rob felt sleep befuddled but orgasm elated. The sheet was still wet when he woke again, ready to face another day.
***
It meant catching an extra bus but Rob didn't mind. He pulled the slip of paper from his pocket and rechecked the address Emma had written on the back of a bus ticket. Her writing, like her, was stylish, neat, almost sexy. There was a faint scent to it, possibly from some hand cream.
Rob, unlike on college days, was early. Emma's mum invited him in to quite a classy 4 bedroom detached. Emma was just getting her swim stuff together and while he waited her mum chatted as if she'd known him ages. She seemed very open minded about the possibility of Andy's spirit or ghost being a kind of guardian angel. Rob himself seemed to have lost all of his shyness.
Emma had dressed simply and carried a shoulder bag with towel and her swimwear. Rob was surprised she held his hand as they walked and chatted. The bus arrived quickly and they were soon in town. Flushed from his earlier visit to the cash machine, Rob offered to pay both pool entry fees.
"You're so kind," she said. "I didn't ask or even hint, but that's exactly what Andy would have done." They each took a cubicle in the communal changing room.
"Oh, wow," was all Rob could say, turning round after he'd stuffed his clothes roughly into a coin locker. Was a mini bikini allowed in the pool? Emma read his mind.
"They're not too bothered in here on an evening," she said, "They get lots of young couples and, well maxi bikinis just aren't in fashion. She pushed her neat clothes on top of his and shut the locker door.
"But you're just gorgeous!" Fuck! How had that come out of his mouth? He'd never ever called any girl gorgeous before.
Emma smiled broadly, "Thank you. That deserves a kiss." Rob leaned forward, "Not here. Not yet anyway," added Emma and she tugged him back into the cubicle he'd just left. "This," she said, pressing her lips firmly to his, "Is for paying me in. And this," she added, not completing the sentence. Her mouth opened gently, inviting his to copy. Firmly but persistently their two mouths fused together. Tongues played teasing games. Rob could smell her perfume invading its way through his nostrils and into his brain. He felt his cock swell rapidly, tenting his swim shorts. Emma pushed herself against him, gyrating her hips slowly. The kiss deepened, Rob's senses were in a whirl and still Emma moved against him. Then she stopped "... is for saying I'm gorgeous," And so completed her sentence.
There were around 35 - 40 in the pool, gradually diminishing as the two swam lengths. At first Emma pulled ahead, then they drew level, then Emma, then level. The 7th length of the pool and Rob should have tired but he got his second wind. 8,9 he caught and passed Emma, 10,11 and he tired as Emma retook the lead. Length 12 of the pool Emma was well ahead. By the time she'd pulled herself easily out of the pool and Rob had caught the rail he realised he'd doubled his usual swim. He looked up and noticed her mini bikini displayed an enticing camel toe.
"Jacuzzi. Now while it's empty," suggested Emma. Correct that, it was an order.
"Good idea," he said as he settled in, "It's warmer in here and the bubbles help you relax."
Emma grinned that big fat grin that has 'mischief' tattooed all over it, "Who wants to relax?" She guided Rob's hand to the exciting slit which had been covered by a small triangle of bikini fabric. It was smooth and with the bow pulled loose it was now bare. "I'll let you into a secret. Andy knew perfectly I could look after myself; when he said he wanted to look after me it was code for wanting to make me cum."
"You ... want ... me ...? In here?"
"Yes," she confirmed in a matter-of-fact voice, "In here. Unless you want to disappoint your girl on your first date."
"What if ...?"
" ... somebody comes? We cool it, start kissing as if we're in love. If it's a man and he stays we give him a show. You finger, I moan. Andy and I never got thrown out but if you want to chicken out I can find my own way home."
"Did I say I wanted out?" Rob felt he had little option, "But do you always go so fast. I only met you yesterday."
"Oh for goodness sake, are you in or out?" Rob didn't reply. Within seconds his fingers were where it mattered most. Just how he got Emma's sweet spot first time he didn't know but she was moaning, writhing in ecstasy. They got interrupted, a man in his 50s looked like he'd heard them. "Kiss," she whispered, "I'm not in any rush."
The man spoke, "Oh sorry, I didn't realise, I'll go."
"Stick around if you want a show. Otherwise piss off." Emma didn't mince her words.
Without another word, Emma moved closer, legs opened, positioning herself so that he could easily kiss and finger her. Now locked in a very meaningful kiss, Rob returned his fingers to gently persuade her clit that it was playtime, with fireworks to end the show. Of course, the bubbling jacuzzi hid everything - at least, that was, until the timer clicked off. Now the stranger could see everything, the guy must have thought all his birthdays had come at once. If he was hard then he must have had a small cock. He was rubbing through his swim trunks but there seemed to be little there. Emma had her eyes closed, murmuring little noises of pleasure until Rob sped up his fingers. She bit her lip as she sailed over a wonderful climax. The guy grunted and headed off to the changing cubicles to clean himself up.
"We'll swim again," said Emma, retying the bow knot to secure the all important triangle that hid her shaved pussy. She frowned, "Wouldn't have to do this at one of those skinny dip evenings." This time Rob frowned. "A local nudist club hires it once in a while," she explained.
"And you go?"
"Andy talked me into it. He knew someone who was a member."
The pair swam for a while then Emma stopped. "See that couple over the other side?" Rob nodded, "Watch her." The couple, in their twenties, appeared to just be kissing but she had her legs locked around his waist, slowly grinding her bikini'd pussy against him. "She'll give him a pussy wank, just watch."
Rob looked around. One of the lifeguards was watching too. "Won't they get kicked out?"
Emma laughed, "Not by him, he's a right perv, and the other lifeguard couldn't care less. Should we join them?" Before he could answer Emma was already swimming. She stopped far enough away from the others so not to intrude.
Within seconds they were locked in an embrace, Emma's legs wrapped just above Rob's butt. Only days before, Rob wouldn't have dared to allow such a thing. "Hell," said Rob, "Does this happen often?"
"Sometimes I come alone and chat up the lifeguards to find out what shifts they're on, though there's only a couple that work here that you've got to watch. I've even seen couples fuck in the water."
Five minutes of Emma's attention and Rob was ready to shoot. Emma sensed and stopped in the nick of time. Pissed off? You bet he was pissed off;'Masturbatus Interuptus'he remembered from Latin class, loosely translated as 'I didn't get to cum'. "Time to get changed," she said, "I need the locker key." Minutes later she was under the shower, shampooing the chlorine from her hair and as the staff were busy elsewhere she was sure no-one would mind her removing her bikini. The girl was unbelievable, although it must be said that she didn't flaunt her body - except to Rob. Finally, towel wrapped around her she dragged Rob into one of the larger family cubicles.
"Now I'm really horny," she said, "So fuck me." Rob had given up any hope of ducking out of the new responsibly he had, shadowing the deceased Andy. Hour by hour he was absorbing his confidence, his strength and his ability to accommodate a very demanding girlfriend. She dragged his swim shorts down, quickly persuaded his cock to enter standby mode and awkwardly impaled herself on it. With some effort and aided by his improved muscles, Rob found he could easily support Emma's butt with her legs clamped around his waist and her hands clasped around his neck ... the Hanging Garden.
"Kiss me," she said. Rob willingly obliged her request, enjoying a new sensation of feeling her breasts pressing against him. The kiss, the contact, the intimate sexual sensations seemed to make his cock swell further. Despite her copiously lubricated love tunnel already gripping him, there was an overwhelming sensation that he was growing inside her. The grip was already tight but hell, he thought, his cock was going to stretch her to the absolute limit. Not just that but his length seemed to touch the very end of her tunnel. He pulled her butt upwards and at the same time she raised herself, clinging hard to his neck.
They kissed furiously, as if their lives depended on it. Tongues wrestled, saliva flowed and teeth clashed in a frenzy. Her tits felt so good against him and the now vice-like grip of her vagina made him cum like he'd never cum before. Their movements slowed, though both were aware that his ram-rod hardly seemed to shrink. A feeling of utter undiluted pleasure shot through him again and again as his cum shot upwards inside her.
"Lick me out, make me cum," Emma gently requested as her feet touched the floor again and Rod released her. Kneeling, he began his task. He kissed again, but this time where her womanly triangle should be. Emma carefully shaved most days, even the feeling of the razor as it gently tugged her slit was good. Rob's tongue felt good as he ran the tip over that deep, camel toed valley, pressing so it parted, waiting for her to part her legs. Now his tongue lapped hungrily, raising the wonderful sensations her clit was bringing until she finally, noisily climaxed.
"Mmmgnnn, mmmm, oh, oh, ohmygod Oh Rob, Rob, Rob," then she screamed as her satisfaction overwhelmed her; she screamed like no other girl Rob had ever been with. So this was the reason she wanted to go later. Less people around. They kissed like lovers, even with Rob's copious spent seed starting to run down from Emma's love cave.
Several minutes after he'd cum inside Emma, Rob still had a semi. It could be argued that it was a deflating semi, but his thickness, width, girth - call it what you will - was still engorged with blood and it remained that way long after they'd dressed and walked to the bus stop. Even on the bus home to Emma's it stubbornly refused to give in, filling his jockeys, making its presence felt, showing a weakened but visible bulge.
And that, Rob later discovered, was how it would stay.
[[ On reflection, some while later, Rob first felt this sudden increase in the size and fullness whilst he was inside Emma. It may be argued that a tiny remnant of Andy's cum was still inside Emma and that the part of his DNA had entered Rob's pee hole. But this is purely hypothetical ... unless you believe in spirits surviving in the afterlife.]]
***
Rob walked the two miles home through quiet streets, to turn over thoughts in his mind. He needed to lose weight and to do some serious exercise and he needed to accept that some part of Andy's soul or spirit now lived inside him. His confidence was high and his self awareness was increasing day by day. Even his teen acne'd face was smoothing to what it had been before stuffing himself with all manner of unhealthy food. Whether he liked it or not, Rob was morphing into Andy.
***
"Rob," chirped Helen as he walked through the door. "We were getting worried." The pool closed at 9pm and the bus home should have meant he'd arrive home an hour earlier. She hugged him and kissed him in a way that a concerned sister would; he hadn't experienced that on almost every occasion before. Hugs from Helen rarely happened outside birthdays, Christmas and evenings when she'd been drunk. Helen's kisses were even rarer.
"Oh, we stayed quite a while at the pool and I decided to walk home from Emma's house."
"My room," said Helen. That was going to become a well used phrase.
"So soon?" said Rob and then realised it was a pointless question.
Mum had only time to glance over and smile to acknowledge his return. She returned her attention to the TV movie and Rob followed Helen upstairs. "So," she said, sat on a wicker chair and tucking her knees under her chin. Her pale green thong vied for Rob's attention. "How did you first date go?"
"Quite good," he said, "But she's a better swimmer than me."
"That's not what I meant. Did you fuck her?"
"That's a very personal question."
"Oh cut the shit, Robin," she retorted. "We're both old enough to talk about such things. Did you fuck her. Yes or no?"
"Why would you want to know?"
"I'm interested in the happiness of my brother. It's a simple enough question." She moved to remove her thong then stopped. "I could make this very interesting for you."
Rob thought for a moment, "Did you shave today?"
"Now who's asking personal questions. Yes I did; your turn."
"OK, we fucked."
"In the park? Down an alley?"
"Quit prodding sis, I've already admitted we fucked. Inquisition over."
"Oh no, tiny peepee, we've only just started."
Rob stood up. "If we're going to trade insults then I'm watching telly. Why do you want to know?"
"Because, Rob, I'm interested and, to be honest, I'm jealous. Having seen what you have I couldn't help being jealous. Besides, you owe me."
"Thong off and I'll answer your questions."
"You need it to turn you on?" she tossed it to him, damp and warm.
"F'kin hell, what do you do with it?" The odour was an immediate aphrodisiac. Rob was aware of an sudden swelling, a swelling that was becoming longer by the minute.
"You like?" big sister enquired, already aware of its effect on her brother.
"Oh yes, and the view too." Rob smiled.
"So, dish me the goss, undiluted and unabridged." Rob obliged, telling of the pre-swim kiss, the 12 lengths when he'd finally tired - double his usual. He told Helen how he'd brought Emma off, fingering her in the jacuzzi as the 50 something guy watched on.
"Like this?" asked Helen, deftly seeking out her clit, parting her lips so Rob could see her glistening jewel. Her finger moved as she pleasured herself. "God, I'd never thought the day would come when I'd let my brother watch me masturbate. Hell, I feel so fuckin' horny."
"You need help?" Rob offered, and at her nod he took over.
"Wait," she said, releasing her tits from the confining clothing. Rob swiftly exhaled, almost a whistle. Why oh why had he fought and bickered with her all these years? Helen's tits were much the same size as Emma's, but somehow shaped differently. It didn't matter; tits were tits whatever their size and form. "Suck them while you rub me off."
There was little room inside Rob's pants to conceal an enormous swelling. He'd seen the odd gay pose in magazines - 12 inchers, curved boners that could do powerful damage. This was how it felt ... uncomfortable, trying to burst out of his pants.
"That's it. Suck my tits, bite my nipples, ow! I meant bite them gently, pull them, suck them. Yes, finger fuck me hard, yes, yes, yes. Oh my god I'm going to ... " Helen slammed her fingers against her mouth to stifle her shriek of delight. "Oh wow," she said finally, having slowly come down from her peak. "It was like ... I dunno ... I guess it was like you were licking me, or one of those tongue vibrators."
Almost in a subconscious, reflex way Rob sampled the intoxicating scent of pussy, putting the 3 fingers he'd forced into his sister's cunt just seconds before she blew to his nose. His fingers had been almost buzzing. What Helen had said was true, unreal, unimaginable. How had his fingers become electrified?
Time had flown and they could hear their parents on their way to bed. "What have you two suddenly found to talk about for so long?" asked Christine, peeping round the door of her daughter's room.
Both, neatly sat on the edge of Helen's bed, looked as if butter wouldn't melt in their mouths. Ice cool, Rob replied; "We've been talking about Andy, the sudden loss of his life, that clairvoyant, his distressed girlfriend. It all happened so quickly."
"Oh well, it's good to see you two getting on so well. Make sure everything is turned off before you come to bed."
"It'll be a while," added Helen. "We're going to share some cans. Nothing spoiling for tomorrow. I guess we might check out the movie channel ... if we can agree."
With dad done in the bathroom, Christine blew a kiss to both and said goodnight.
***
Alcohol liberated any remaining inhibitions. They'd told mum they would watch a movie and they did. In tucks with the comedy they drank, they watched and they laughed so that both parents went to sleep in the knowledge that their offspring were finally getting on.
They allowed half an hour. Thirty minutes was time enough for Helen to chew over what had happened; it must have been static, simple as. Tingles were still escaping up her spine, reminding her brain what pleasure it had allowed her. Fair was fair though, it was now her turn to give pleasure and the quickest, easiest way that Helen knew was to suck her brother off.
"What the fuck have you got in here?" asked Helen. The zip came down easily enough but extracting a semi rigid snake from within was proving difficult.
"I can't understand it. I was, what, 4 inches or so before Andy died. Then that coldness, the tingling, shivering, the room going out of focus; it's as if Andy's spirit merged with my body. His genes are now my genes ... he wanted me to 'share' - that's what Simon said. Now I'm more confident, stronger, my acne's disappearing and I'm losing weight through eating less. It's weird."
"And your cock is growing. Was Andy bigger than you?"
"Yes, much bigger. Didn't you notice? I thought all girls dreamed of seeing a big cock."
"Yeah like I was going to keep looking every time he came round." Which wasn't very often, Rob thought. Most of the time he was at Andy's. Helen decided it would be easier just removing the restricting clothes.
"What the hell? When was the last time you checked this monster out?"
"I don't know, but earlier this evening it seemed to swell while I was fucking Emma."
"It SEEMED to, it SEEMED to? You don't know?"
"I had my mind on other things."
"Well in that case," Helen decided, "Andy's spirit MUST be inside you. Last month if I'd run around naked in here you wouldn't have noticed." She moved back, took in a full view of what was now receding in size. Talking hadn't helped keep Rob's flagpole upright. "Just wait," said Helen, hunting around for the school ruler that was only used for measuring envelopes. Finding it she carefully measured Rob's 'hanging down' length. "5 inches," she announced, "Pretty damn good; I reckon. The last time I saw it, ages ago, it was half that. Now, let's see." All it took was a minute of ball tickling and gentle stroke and ... "Hell, that's over 9 inch and it's thick." She measured, awkwardly, pushing the ruler around, "I reckon a good 5 inches. We'll measure it again tomorrow to see if it's still growing."
She put the ruler away. "Anyway, no-one is interested in statistics. What matters is ... no ... wait ... lets just see ... hmmm, I want to push for more." With just finger and thumb she lightly traced the length time and time again; balls to tip, balls to tips, balls to ... Helen laughed as Rob's cock twitched. "Hmmm quite sensitive, aren't you. Now, if I ..." The eye was leaking a slippery goo and she used this to gently slide his foreskin back. Circling around his pee hole she knew would give him pleasure, as would her lips around the tip of his cock.
"Oh yes, just there," she licked all around, again amazed at how very sensitive he was. "Yes, there. Stay there, just ... ohhhh ... that's just bliss."
"Ssssh, don't talk, just relax. Let me worship you." It was an odd thing to say but he knew what she meant.
"Mmmm." For 5, 10, 15 minutes all Rob did was relax more and more. The house was quiet and he very nearly fell asleep, but he didn't. Helen patiently brought him almost to the point where resistance would have been futile - once he blows, he blows. The earlier fuck had helped but the worship that Helen was giving near blew his mind.
"That's it," she announced. "You can either finish yourself - which is inadvisable - or you can give me that monster of a cock."
"Really?"
"Really!"
"But I can't fuck my sister. It's immoral and illegal."
"So, who's going to tell? Look Rob, I'm fuckin' horny, my boyfriend is a shit stirrer and I really, really want that monster inside me."
"What if mum or dad come down?"
"Oh quit whingeing. If they come down they can join in, now stop pissing about and fuck me."
It was easier, much easier than Rob thought it would be. An extra few inches of cock really widened the variety of alternatives to vanilla. He took her on the sofa, knelt and so much more able to watch his newly extended love pole slip inside his sister. She was dripping with pussy juice and once the first inch was inside, most of what remained quickly followed. He loved tight and Helen was tight. With her own lubrication it was not so noticeable at first, but then he got the sensation of swelling, as if his pole was taking in more and more blood and expanding, thicker and wider. But even the most experienced porn star couldn't do that, could they? Another amazing thing was that once he was pumping, his thoughts of legality and morals just disappeared. All he wanted to do was fuck her senseless.
"Not so hard, Rob. You're hurting me," said Helen. Rob eased off, "That's better. That's good, feels so good. Hell that's some monster, it's stretching me."
"You OK?"
"Hell yes. Trish has one of those huge black dildos and you're filling me more than that."
"You haven't?"
"I did."
"While she wasn't looking?"
"Hell no, we were kissing."
That was too much distraction for Rob. He slowed down.
"No man, fuck her hard, ram it in her. Ride her fast, she's your sister, show her what you can do, she'll love you for it. Boy you got it on a plate, every day man, every day."Rob couldn't get the thoughts out of his head until he gave into them.
"Not so fast Rob, not so fast, please. No, slow, I'm gonna cum ... Oh Rob ... Oh that's wonderful ... Ohhhh." His sister, his big, older, bossier sister, she who'd happily tormented him with his 'baby peepee' was showing some thought, was letting him take control, had almost DEMANDED he fuck her; his big sister was now rolling her eyes, thrusting her cunt towards him, was PLEADING with him not to make her cum too soon. He slowed.
"No Rob, no, not that slow. You've got me right on the edge and now I'm falling back off it and I want to cum so badly."
"Make up your fuckin' mind." The voice inside him told him to make it enjoyable for himself. He was, and with more speed he was going to ... ohmygod she was SO tight yet so wet. It was puzzling - her cunt was as tight as he'd ever known but she was so wet that he could move freely. His piston built up speed and he could feel pleasure in every inch of his cock. His balls threatened to burst when ...
"Oh Rob, oh my darling Rob, that feels heavenly, it feels like my whole body ... No ... No don't slow and don't stop now Rob, please don't stop, yes faster ohh, ohh, ooh, yes, yessss." She had to stifle her screams as a massive orgasm took complete control of her and then, oh boy, and then Rob himself felt that surge of pleasure as he pumped and pumped and pumped his seed into his sister's cunt. Boy oh boy was that ever the best he'd EVER cum EVER in his life. Man that was real!
***
It was a long, unsettled night as Rob tossed and turned. It was 2am, then 3am, then 4am and now his cock was demanding a replay. He was naked in bed feeling the soft silky sheets rub against him. He snuck through to where his sister too was naked. Her bed was a small double, by choice since her early teens as she moved around so much during sleep. Now she was still, her breathing not really a snore but not silent either.
He kneeled down, slowly drawing back the sheet. My god, how many times had he wanted to do that but dare not, ever since that inquisitive age that comes and goes. Though laid on her back her breasts were firm mounds. From the street lamps softly brightening her room he could see the small cherries on top. Her nipples were alert and plump, her belly was flat with not an ounce of surplus fat, her pubis was smooth and he could just make out the shaven valley, dimpled at the top. He kissed there as gently as possible but she stirred.
"What?" she mumbled in half sleep.
"Shhh," whispered Rob, "Don't wake anybody. I can't get to sleep, I'm hard and horny."
Helen dropped her voice, "So you want to fuck again despite what you said earlier?"
Was Helen reluctant? Tired? Sore? "It doesn't matter if you don't want," he offered, "I can go in the bathroom."
"And waste it? No. I really enjoyed feeling full, in fact I would have liked you slower. Will you do that?"
"If you want. We don't want to waken mum and dad."
It was a very different fuck; a comforting, loving fuck. They kissed, Rob thumbed her nipples, there was no feel of urgency and the murmurs and soft moans of his sister's delight pleased Rob. They fucked slowly for almost an hour, Rob hardly moving the full length of his newly extended cock in and out, even stopping several times simply to let her enjoy the sensation of being totally full.
"I want to cum now please, Rob and I need to sleep," she whispered. They kissed, a passionate kiss, a long loving kiss that expressed new feelings and a new understanding between them and during that long kiss Rob moved faster and faster inside her. He felt himself coming to the point where there was no turning back and just as those beautiful contractions began his sister also reached her peak. Rob made sure any moans or screams were muted. The kiss overrode any risk they'd be heard. Helen was asleep even before Rob had got back into his own bed. She was asleep dreaming of loving, exciting sex.
The next thing Rob knew it was 9.30 and he'd had a short but blissfully deep sleep, feeling refreshed and buzzing. Helen was in the shower.
"I'm busting for a pee," he called through the partly open door. "Will you be long?"
"No problem," she answered, "Join me when you've finished." She paused then added, "It's OK they're both out." It was only a matter of discarding his dressing gown. He almost always slept naked - it was the only way.
"Wow! Naked and wet, you're doubly sexy." It was no exaggeration. Despite their differences, teasing, arguments and strops, Rob had admired every inch of Helen's usually clothed form for several years.
"Well thank you! Her wet, soaped body pressed against his as she kissed him. Rob was getting used to the idea of not being nervous or feeling awkward; indeed he pulled her butt to him, causing his still limp cock to touch her shaved pussy. He immediately began to firm - who wouldn't?
Helen pulled away, holding his semi in her hand. "You're even longer than yesterday, I'm sure. Did you ever measure yourself in the past?"
He scowled, annoyed at her request. "Most times after you called me baby peepee. Two inches hanging down - better than some men I've seen, and four fully hard."
"I'm sorry, Rob, I wasn't intending upsetting you." She kissed him, her breasts pushing against his chest. "I wanted to compare how much you'd grown since that evening you saw that spiritualist medium, Simon."
"Why?"
"Because he said Andy wanted to 'share'. Do you think he meant share his body, or just his mind and thoughts?"
"Dunno, he just said 'share'."
"Andy had a big cock, no? If you add his length to yours it would make you, what, 6 inch 'hanging down' as you say. I trust you never saw him fully hard?"
"Well, yes. We looked at mens mags and sometimes a porn movie. I reckon he was 4 inch longer than me."
"So you'd be 10 inch or so? And fatter, plumper?" She teased his cock, kissing him full on the lips. She pulled back a little, "You're heading that way now. I mean you're porn star quality, First Prize, Gold Award standard ... and I want my full share."
Rob had been turning a lot of things over in his mind. What a fool he'd been almost ignoring his sister for the past few years; she was beautiful - hardly an ounce of extra fat but plenty where her body needed curves. A kissable, pattable and even spankable bottom, toned legs, beautiful but not too busty breasts, blue eyes that sparkled and very kissable lips. "I guess you're right," he said, "Whether I like it or not I've got more than I ever dreamed of." And it was true. He thought of all the girls he could have fucked had he not been embarrassed with his small baby peepee.
They kissed again, the warm water splashing over them. She squished herself against his now full erection, pointing upwards, feeling every sensation from every movement of her body.
"I want you inside me again," she said, not waiting for his answer. Awkwardly inside the shower cubicle, she manoeuvred herself so that inch by inch her brother was again deep within her. Her legs locked around him, the feel of her breasts against his chest was exciting. Her kisses told promises of deep sibling and intense sexual love. Their passion for each other built by the second, culminating in explosions both of them needed. Finally their lust was satisfied.
***
From zero to hero - that's the extent that Rob had developed in his sister's estimation. She dumped her boyfriend, though it did need quite some planning to get the maximum brother time together without mum and dad realising what was happening, sometimes literally under their noses.
It wasn't until 2 weeks later that the siblings realised the depth of the love that now welded them together. Of course, mum was happy that they no longer fought and argued, indeed they now did much more together. Walks not only brought them exercise but gave them the pleasure of fucking outdoors.
In-between times Rob guiltily hooked up with Emma several times but it became increasingly clear that Rob wasn't Andy and although he had an eye-watering combi-cock, Rob knew nothing of Emma's likes and dislikes. Rob always felt he was betraying his sister and sex with Emma became mundane and boring, serving only the satisfy Emma's high sex drive. Also, of course, there was Emma's insatiable thirst for that particularly expensive cocktail and her expectation that her boyfriends should always pay for swimming, pop festivals and to occasionally buy her sexy boutique clothes. Rob may well have acquired Andy's penis dimensions, his self confidence and his healthy diet, but but he didn't inherit Andy's allowance. But of course, a pretty and adventurous girl could pull any guy she liked.
Thankfully Andy's physical attributes inside Rob morphed into a spiritual presence but friends also help one another; Rob and Andy became Randy, so Rob could be randy any time he wished, much to Helen's delight.
***
"I just can't believe how much you've changed," said Helen one day as they were out walking in a local woodland. "You're thoughtful, outgoing, friendly, tidy, fit from the exercise you now do and even your face has changed." Changed it had; no zits from the healthy diet and, day by day, even the shape of his face had changed to the handsome chiseled look which kinda made Helen weak at the knees. Strike that: it made Helen's pussy zip into love mode.
"I'm still your brother," said Rob, possibly not understanding what Helen was trying to convey.
She tugged at his hand, pulling him round to face her. "You used to be a prize jerk, the kinda guy no-one liked to admit to knowing, including me." She pulled him close, the storm of sexual need brewing inside her. "But now I just want to be with you 24/7. Is that wrong?"
Rob had no reply, nor chance to reply as his big sister, the one who always knew best, drew him into a smouldering, deeply sensual embrace. He didn't need to be Randy, his alter ego, his sister soon coaxed him into the mood she wanted. She backed him up to a tree, grabbing his butt, grinding herself against him. His still developing 10 inches of solid manhood felt good, even with clothing between them.
One thing that Rob struggled with, but now found it almost natural, was in a kiss.'If you want to know if he loves you so, it's in his kiss,'so went the 60s hit. It was true, he'd even begun to learn from just watching Andy the odd times that both - Andy with the beautiful, busty girl and Rob with the girl's friend, had been kissing and groping in a larger cubicle at the swimming pool. He felt his kissing somewhat made up for his lack in penis size. Since that evening with the Clairvoyant, though, his kissing had improved even more.
His hand went down, as it had done with girls at the pool, except he had to lift Helens thin, short summer skirt - to feel the softness and smoothness of her ample rump. Not that she was fat, hell no, but her butt was her second best asset - no, third - after her perfect breasts and the plumpness of her shaven smooth pudenda, with its accompanying deep valley of promise. He pulled her closer, his hands squashing her third best asset to bring her covered pussy up real tight to his manly equipment.
Rob eased two fingers under his sister's thong gusset. The fabric was wet, not just moist but wet. He ventured into her cave, flowing with pussy juice.
"Wait," she said dropping her thong to the ground then kicking it up. "Here," she continued, "I haven't a pocket." The small, folded material, ripe with the scent of pussy, stayed in his jeans pocket for several days.
"Thanks," he said simply, then returned his fingers to where they were before. His other hand moved to the front, running quickly down and widening the valley then continuing to her clit, her love button. That too was wet, lubricated by her slick juice. Helen took in a sharp breath as her sex nerves registered 'pleasure'. Whether it was the unfamiliar angles, front and back together, or whether it was because of her enforced abstinence - Helen didn't know, but the urge to climax took her completely by surprise causing her to yelp with pleasure.
She kissed her brother, smiled broadly then said "Thank you, too, now it's my turn." Looking quickly around she niftily unbuttoned and unzipped her brother's jeans, peeled off his now rather tight fitting briefs and watched his weapon spring out. She lovingly kissed the escapee then, in her usual style, rolled the foreskin back with her teeth.
"Wow," was the only word to escape his lips, his eyelids closing automatically as the sensation of pleasure flashed up to his brain. He simply stood, mouth open, unable to speak ... and then she stopped, suddenly.
"What was that position you mentioned ... you know, when you were at the pool fucking Emma?" Rob was surprised at Helen's abruptness, "The hanging thingy."
"The Hanging Garden?"
"Yes ... I want to try it."
"Here? NOW?"
"Yes. I'm still horny ... very horny."
"But what if someone comes?"
"Oh for fuck's sake, are you going to go home and tell mummy? It'll be getting dark soon so who's going to come along with a flashlight? Are you refusing on me? You crawl into my bed at some absurd hour wanting to fuck, yet when I want something ... "
"OK, OK, grip round my neck and don't let go."
For two beginners in the Kama Sutra stakes, and after splitting their sides with two failed attempts, both brother and sister were enjoying the fun until a low growl followed by a rush of fur and loud barking brought them down to earth. The dog, a Jack Russell mongrel cross was losing the battle trying to chase a rabbit. Following a few whistles and calls it reluctantly returned to its owner.
Although well into the evening, Helen could just make out the dog's owner. Clinging to her brother's neck, looking over his shoulder and solidly impaled on his family-sized cock (but quite comfortable, thank you very much for asking) she could tell he was shabbily dressed, in his 50s, badly in need of a shave and a haircut. "You want the video too?" she yelled. "No? Well piss off." Almost as she spoke the guy turned, called the mongrel once again and headed off towards the edge of the wood.
With Helen still impaled on Rob's cock (and still quite comfortable) the pair burst out laughing. It was a slow fuck; the fresh air, the fading light, the cooling evening and the uninvited voyeur spiced up what was quite an amateurish KS debut. Ah well, practice, they say, makes perfect.
"My room," said Helen as soon as they arrived home.
"You and Helen seem to be getting on really well," said Christine, the following morning.
"Yes, since Andy died I realised that life's sometimes too short. She's my sister and we should be loving and caring for each other."
"Well I'm really glad you finally see it that way."
"We thought perhaps we might go swimming tonight. I'm trying to get fitter and Helen's not been swimming for ages."
Christine smiled, "That's good," she said.
The rest of the day Rob reflected on a hectic few weeks during which his whole outlook on life had changed. He was certain that there would be more to come. He loved Helen and he just knew she loved him. He smiled contentedly.
And that's it for Part One. Hope you enjoyed - more to follow soon.