Nigkala Tales Pt. 11: I'm not a bad girl
I just look like one
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
"So, Dave, you have something unusual for me?"
My agent, Davynn 'Dave' Svanenhielm, replied, "Yes. The recent successes in the sex horror genre had spawned a number of properties, most of which aren't worth your time. But 'Lilith Ascends' has potential. It's about a succubus from hell who finds her way to the mortal world without being summoned. It changes the rules for those trying to deal with a demon. So while the good guys try to capture and exorcise her, she is exploring the sexual fun of a big city."
"So she's a villain. Does she survive to the end of the film, for a possible sequel?"
"She's not a villain. Rather, she's an antihero. She bumps into other bad guys in the city's underbelly, and more often than not, ends up killing the worst of them. She even shows kindness to the innocent."
"Wow. She's bad, but she takes out worse. And likely is a badass doing it."
"Definitely a badass. In the third act, the good guys learn of her actions that clean up the city, leaving them confused as to how 'evil' she really is. In the end, they decide to go after another 'evil', and she becomes an escort of sorts."
"Do you have a copy of the script I can read?"
"Sure. Email okay?"
"Yes. I'll call when I have read it. Any news on the next Nigkala Tale?"
"Not much. Last I heard, they were still working on the initial draft, as the author keeps rejecting the changes they are making to his story."
"Albert's being stubborn again? Sounds about right. When will they learn? He knows how hot his stories are as movies. He knows they will bend to his will."
"Anything else?"
"No. I will call in a day or two." With that, I got up and left the office.
I went into the parking lot to get into my custom sports car. It had started as a Hellcat Redeye Widebody, but the custom shop made it a two-seater, to accommodate my size. Filipe talked me into getting it, and I love being able to drive where I want to go without needing to depend on others. One of the features is that the seat can go flat, so I can lie down and have sex with someone while still in the car.
My next stop was an Arabic restaurant for lunch. After that, I drove to the studio to spend a few hours teaching an actor how to use a sword without looking like an idiot.
By the time I got home, the script had arrived, along with some notes from Dave. The notes told me who my rumored competition would be for the lead, as well as prospective costars. It also noted who was producing the flick, as well as prospective directors and others that would be involved. Lastly, was the budget for the property, and the minimum my agent would accept, and the maximum he thought I could get, if I signed on.
I read the script that night to get a quick sense of the story. The next two days, I spent time teaching the actor how to fight, but the rest of the day was spent on the script. I kept re-reading the script to pull apart just what was required of the lead, and how it made sense, or failed to make sense. I also gave thought to who might play certain other parts.
"Hello Dave. I've read the script, and I think you are right. I do have some ideas for others to pick for some parts. For the part of the expert warrior the good guys call in, I think Filipe would be good. We already have good chemistry off-screen, so the lustful attraction in the script will play out well. Also, we often spar, so the fight scene can be as intense as the director wants, and also spontaneous. I also second Johnson for the director. He knows how to tell this kind of story."
"So you're in?"
"Yes. It sounds fun. Let me know how it goes."
"Sure thing."
That night, I mentioned it to Filipe. He wasn't too sure about me playing a demon. I talked about how she wasn't 'evil', but rather amoral, with a helpful streak towards the innocent. Eventually he accepted my choice, but I had to show him a bit of the script before that happened.
I did some more research and found the story the screenplay was based upon. Reading it, I got a better idea of the character, and also what her signature look was. Since I thought the movie would get made, and make at least a little splash, I decided to make a cosplay outfit.
Tina, the lead character, preferred to wear a dress split all the way up the side. It was held together by a separate belt that frequently changed. It came to just above the knee. However, it wasn't wide enough to go all the way across her body, leaving about three inches of each hip exposed. With her DDs, the dress also exposed a fair bit of side boob. The red dress had embroidered artwork that sparkled. She often wore matching elbow-length gloves, and occasionally fingerless gloves. Her leather boots came just below the knee, and had three inch steel spike heels, and the metallic decoration at the toes made them effective weapons.
Of Tina herself, she is a redhead with clear blue eyes. She had large breasts, so her nipples frequently escaped out the side of her dress. She loved playing pool, since anytime she leaned over the table, the front of her dress hung further away from her body, allowing anyone to the side to see her vagina. Her fighting style used a lot of kicks, which the dress facilitated.
In making my version, I had to adjust things to my size and form. It took a few tries to determine how wide the dress had to be to give me the same nipple escape tendency. This left four inches of hip exposed on each side. With my 'smaller' Cs, I didn't have as much side boob going on. I then turned to the material of the dress. I chose a very lightweight fabric that was semi-transparent, and a tone of red just a shade or two lighter than my nipples. This had several effects. First, it took a bit to realize it was semi-transparent. Second, even when a nipple escaped, it wasn't easily noticed by anyone more than a few feet away. And third, and perhaps most important, the material was light enough for a gentle breeze to play with. This meant that any kind of wind, the dress would routinely flash others without any effort on my part. I later learned it had another property, unique to me. When I was aroused, and my nipples went to the full two inches, they pushed the dress away from my body sufficiently that anyone on the side could easily see all four breasts.
When I added the embroidered art, I used a number of threads. Down low, with thread almost the color of the dress, I embroidered an erect ten-inch phallus aimed up to my vagina. You had to be looking to see it. Along the edge, I made a series of angels and devils going up and down, like an Escher drawing. I'm glad I spent the extra for the ultra-upgrade to my sewing machine's embroidery unit. It meant that each figure was randomized, and thus unique. The main expanse was filled with embroidered flames. I had chosen the setting that used several colors of thread to make them more lifelike, but I also used the setting to leave gaps in the embroidered space. I filled those gaps by hand, with subtle hints of people in sexual situations. Again, you had to look for it to see them. For the yellow and white part of the flames, I used several shiny, metallic-colored threads.
For a belt, I used a wide strip of leather with rhinestones of all sorts of colors. The buckle was pure silver, but since the dress did not have any apparent way for a belt to attach, I placed a series of thin steel bars on the backside of the belt. Hidden inside the dress, in the small of my back, I attached a series of magnets. When the belt was placed next to the dress, it would attach to the dress magnetically, and nothing would be seen. This way, the belt could hang loose in front, without falling down, as it was held up in back. After trying it on and failing to get the belt to stick without wrinkles, I realized the secret. I had to sit down on the dress before putting on the belt. The vertical tension was sufficient to hold it in place long enough to position the belt.
The boots I farmed out to a boot maker, with my design. They were pitch black, or as near as he could get them. The steel parts were alloyed to a strong metal that took a shine quite nicely. While the stilettos did not have a point, they still came down to a fairly small diameter. The long gloves also had embroidered flames. The fingerless ones, however, matched the boots, and could double as gauntlets with all the metal decorating them. They could block a knife thrust, unless it was a very thin blade. It could easily handle a slice. I made a set of earrings using fluorescing crystals with gold settings. Hidden under the upper back of the dress, was a solar panel that powered a pair of UV LEDs at my shoulders. These lights made the crystals glow all the time. There was also a rechargeable battery, so it would even glow in the dark for a few hours.
Rather than a purse, I made a wallet of the same leather as the boots. I attached it to a leather holster that was strapped to my leg. Since it was designed to lay flat on the inside of my leg, it was not easily seen. I had a matching holster on the other leg for my phone. To complete the look, I found a suitable wig on the net, and when it came, I trimmed and styled it to Tina's style. I already had a complete set of contacts, allowing me to have quite a selection, and I chose a set of sapphire blues.
While I had to wait for some things to arrive, I still managed to complete the ensemble in less than three weeks. Filipe knew to stay out of my way when I got the creative urge; he'd seen it enough times. He even knew how to keep me on schedule with things like the fight choreography, and with ensuring I kept up my exercises and ate well enough. He also knew that I usually managed about the same amount of time afterwards that I would spend with and for him.
My big rush was to complete it before my meeting with the producer. While they had pared the choice down to two actresses, they wanted to interview us both to see which had the better fit. The day arrived, and I donned the ensemble, and drove to the mansion. The interview was going to be a side event to an evening party.
When I arrived, I texted that I was there. "Hello Mr. Robinson, Helen Asher here. I have arrived, and will await your call."
I got back, "Thanks, Helen. You are the first to arrive. I expect the other actress within the hour. Until then, enjoy the party."
I decided to have a bit of fun. I introduced myself as Tina, and to those that knew me, I just said, I was trying out a role. I then would flirt and dance with others in the crowd. When I saw the pool table, I turned up the heat by playing. A lot of people were checking me out from both sides, with most of the looks down low, since there was a gap of at least four inches between cloth and skin when I leaned over. Eventually, I got a text to head for the back deck.
When I opened the back door, one of the men turned to look. He said, "Yowser, she's hot."
This got everyone else looking, and someone gave me a wolf whistle. I just said, "Thank you, boys, it's nice to be noticed." I then went over and found a seat where guys were on either side of me.
"I'm Helen Asher. As you can see, I want the part of Tina, so I dressed the part to show you how well I can play the part. Mr. Robinson, as I don't recognize everyone, why not introduce us."
Mr. Robinson did so, and then said, "Well, Helen, I see you are an overachiever yet again. You have definitely shown that your extra breasts will not be a hindrance to playing the part. Greg, if you will give the ladies the first script?"
Mr. Sanders did so, saying, "Helen, please take the part of Svetlana, Alice, please take the part of Cathy. I'll do the rest. Please read the entire thing first and let me know when you are ready."
Alice finished first, but I was imagining who Svetlana was, and looked for insight from the minimal description provided. I also looked for insight on the other characters, so I could see how they would react to each other. I then signaled Mr. Sanders.
He began, "Ladies, this is the third time you've been called to the dean's office. Alice, tell me how it started."
"Well, I was with my new boyfriend --"
"Hah!"
"He is so my boyfriend. And don't roll your eyes at me! As I was saying, we was dancing, and getting a little frisky, then this hussy gets in my face calling me a bitch." I smiled when she said that. "Well, I don't take that from no one, and I tell her to fuck off. She then said this is her guy, and tells me to leave. The nerve! If he's her guy, why isn't she with him."
I fished out my phone and, with a very slight soviet accent, said, "I got call. Can't hear over noise in frat house." I then put my phone away.
"Yeah, right. Shuddap, and let me finish. She's so rude, as you can see." I rolled my eyes at that. "I told her I wasn't leaving. She then grabbed his arm, and said to 'ditch the bitch'." Again, I smiled. She glared at me. "That's crossing the line, so I pushed her away, and she had the nerve to push back. Well, it didn't take long for a cat fight to happen, and everyone was cheering us on. We'd been going at it a while when the cops came. They're not even real cops, just rent-a-cops."
"Miss Cathy, they keep the peace, which does everyone good."
"Sorry, dean, I got carried away. Speaking of which, that's what the 'cops' did. They carried us both off to the station, and after letting us stew for the night, they brought us here."
"I see, and Svetlana, what is your side of the story?"
"Randy and I met day before at library. We were both looking up information on volcanoes and got to talking. He had to leave, so I asked if he knew of party. He didn't so I filled him in. He then asked me to be his 'date'. Cathy, real boyfriends don't ask other ladies on dates."
"Why you! One date doesn't make him your boyfriend."
"We have another date later this week." I stuck my tongue out at her, but only a normal human length. "You might say we are going steady. So there."
"Bitch."
"So you see, Randy was mine, not hers. When she attacked, I defended myself. Then cops came. You know rest."
"I see. You both know the rules. Both of you are sentenced to a week of eight o'clock curfews."
Alice cried out, "What? I have concert tickets."
"Doesn't matter. By now, you knew what would happen the next time you got into a fight. Miss Svetlana?"
"It give me more time to study."
"Ladies, thank you for reading." He collected the shorts and handed out another. We must have done a half dozen before he said we had read enough.
Mr. Robinson said, "Helen, Alice, please enjoy the party. We need to discuss things in private."
Alice got up first, but I had noticed a weather front had come in as we were there. If I hadn't kept a hand on the lower part of my dress, I'm sure a stray gust would have caused it to lift. I got up slowly, approached Mr. Robinson, and said, "Thank you, sir. I'll go back and play some more at this fine party." As I had hoped, a stray gust came through, and since I was no longer holding it, the bottom of my dress flew up, fully exposing my vagina. I stood, letting them get a good look while pretending not to notice before turning and entering the building. This time the wind let them see my bare butt.
I went back to the poolroom, but I decided to keep an eye to see if anyone else would be going back. That's why I saw Mr. Robinson before he saw me. I took my time on my next shot, letting him walk up to me and getting a perfect view of me leaning over the table from the side.
He waited until I finished my shot. "Helen, a moment of your time."
"Sure."
"We have decided to give you the role of Tina."
"Thank you. When do you need me?"
"In a few weeks. We'll call you."
"Okay. Want to play the next game?"
"Yes, but unfortunately I cannot. We're using the party for a few auditions, and I have to go back."
"Oh, sorry. Well, pick some good actors."
"Will do." He then left, with a huge erection. He was also heading to the restroom, not the porch, so I knew what he would be doing.
When I finished that game, I told everyone I would take a break to mingle. I ran into Alice at the bar.
"So, Alice. Does this place seem a little like a wonderland to you? I've seen a lot of actors, and a few others in the industry, here."
"Helen. It does, a little. And you are one of those wonders. That outfit. It is X-rated. I saw you playing pool. I saw everything."
I smiled. "Did it make you horny?"
"No! Well, maybe a little. They way all those guys --"
"And gals."
"The way they were looking at you was hot. You were showing everything, yet acted like you noticed nothing. How can you do that?"
"While I could say it was my earlier films, it actually was my hometown swimming hole. One summer before college, I spent mostly naked. I walked naked through town to the swimming hole, where I swam, and also occasionally had sex. Any embarrassment or shame about my body or about sex got burned out then. Nowadays, I wear clothes because I want to or for the impact or to avoid legal issues, not because I feel any need for them."
"Well, that flirting you did out on the deck, and I saw you flash them, probably got you the job."
"It may have helped, but I'm sure you noticed my extra pair of breasts. You heard Mr. Robinson say, 'You have definitely shown that your extra breasts will not be a hindrance to playing the part.' He knows they are a negative when it comes to hiring me for any parts that look 'real human'. Nigkala is a myth with her four. Playing an Elf or a Space Cat is okay because they are supposed to be not-human. But a succubus? Those devils seduce humans, so they should normally look human, no? So, four breasts is a problem. Horns and tail that are hidden or dismissed can be ignored. Hiding my extra breasts is not so easy."
"Perhaps, but still, sex sells."
I smiled. "That it does. But there were some other things I noticed about the audition that may have had an effect."
"Oh? What?"
"That first script, it had some hidden clues to our characters. You noticed my light accent?"
"Yes. Why?"
"Because it was not in the character description, or the staging instructions. Rather, it was on the last page in what your character said. 'You just used your accent to get him interested in you.' That, and the missing 'a' and 'the' in my lines told me I had a Russian accent."
"Oh! That's evil of them."
"Maybe, but my character said, 'You want to take him from me? Then get better control of your lisp.'"
"I had a lisp?"
"You should have, but you gave no hint of one. Did you read my lines when you read the script?"
"No. I messed up, didn't I?"
"You missed an opportunity, but I don't think you messed up per se. There were other things in the later scripts. I think they were looking to see who would look at the big picture to get the small details right."
"You think that's what they were doing?"
"Yes. I know your rep, and given what I saw, you were able to do your lines well. And dressed in this style outfit, you would look hot."
"Really?"
"I think so. Anyway, better luck on the next one."
"Thanks. I think I'll mingle, and see if I can get a line on my next job."
I nodded, and she headed off.
Over the next several hours, I mingled, telling everyone to call me Tina. Those who recognized me tended to play along, and those who didn't, failed to realize that wasn't my name. I also had sex with a few of them.
When I got home, I told Filipe that I got the part.
"Great. So how did it go?"
"The audition used a few sneaky scripts. They had clues in unexpected places, and if you didn't read all of it, you missed them. I read everything."
"And the party?"
"The dress was a hit. One woman said it was X-rated, so I know it was a success. I wonder if they will have me wear it in the film?"
"If they're smart, they will. Although they may want several of them."
"Good thing I saved the settings."
We continued to talk about the party, who I met, and who I had sex with. We ended our discussion in bed having sex.
A few days later, Filipe told me he had been recommended for a part in the film also. When he went to meet the producer, he was shown the script, and asked if he wanted the part I had recommended him for. He accepted. We both looked forward to working together.
One of the things I did, while waiting for the work to begin, was to make myself a soft leather version of the dress. Rather than a lot of embroidery, it had a lot of rhinestones. It did have some embroidery, but with thicker lines and simpler designs. One other difference I learned the first time Filipe and I fooled around while I wore it. I found that my nipples didn't push the top of the dress from my skin. Instead, my nipples tended to force the fabric in so that they could pop out the side.
When the call came, we met the rest of the cast. I was surprised at how many I remembered seeing at the party. I even saw Alice. Filipe and I walked over to her at the lunch break.
"Hello Alice. I'd like you to meet my husband, Filipe."
"Hello."
"You know I will be playing Tina. Filipe will be playing Gabriel. I take it by your presence, you found another part?"
"About fifteen minutes later, Mr. Robinson came and asked if I would play the second female lead, Bridget."
"Good for you. I told you that you had skills."
"Yeah. I needed that. Since then, I did a little research on you."
"Did I surprise you?"
"Oh yeah. I knew you acted, but I didn't know you also did fight training. I also learned you often assist others around you when making the films. The biggest surprise was learning you wrote Space Kitty 2."
"I was inspired."
Filipe piped up, "Did you know she created the Zero-G club? She was a member before the film was shot."
"What? How?"
"I felt it was high time to move sex upstairs, and I was able to swing a deal and go into orbit for some research. You saw the results in the first film."
"You mean that wasn't special effects?"
"Oh, we had a lot of green screens, and other effects, but the sex was real."
"Oops. I see they are all looking at us. I think we are holding things up."
"Then let's get back to work."
We then headed back to the crew.
The read through revealed a few rough spots. Over the next few days, there were a number of changes in the script. Each night, Filipe and I worked to memorize the revised script. During the day, we spent most of the time listening to others work on their parts, and some on our own parts. I wore the two dresses a number of times for the read through. Costuming asked to borrow them, so they could copy them for the film. I also informed them of the notes on my cosplay blog about the dresses. Soon enough, it was time to film.
While the film was set in Chicago, we filmed in Minneapolis. They filmed my ascension scene at Fountain Cave, a few miles away. The effects team fitted me with red eyes, horns, and a tail. Normally, a tail would be attached to a belt, but with my outfit, they had to use a butt plug; one large enough to hold batteries, motor, and remote control system. It actually was pretty sophisticated, and I liked the effect. I'm glad I didn't have to wear the tail much in the film, because it was uncomfortable.
I got to see a lot of the seedier parts of town in the evening and at night, as most of my action occurred at night. My character was one who wanted lots of sex, and didn't care where she got it. So I wound up in a number of bars and clubs where I would openly have sex with random people. It was actually well scripted, and the random people were anything but random. In a couple of places, the cops showed up. When I noticed them giving us a hassle, I used my super whammy to get them to allow us to film the open sex. After the scene finished filming, I sought out whoever complained, and used my whammy to get them to ease up. The second week, no one hassled us. The third week, I played a lot of pool, with everything on display to the camera. The fourth week was the fight scenes.
First, we shot the mob fights. There, I did a lot of side-kicks, and spinning-kicks. This meant my leg was aimed high, giving a full on view of my vagina. The spin-kicks meant that the dress flew up in front and back, revealing everything from my waist down. Given how loose the top was, my breasts popped in and out a lot. This rubbed the nipples, aroused them, and by a few minutes into each fight, they were at full attention, and would no longer stay inside the dress.
The boss fights with the bad guys would take a bit longer, as they were supposed to be tougher. I would finish these fights in a flashy way. Not only did I win those fights with style, I won while I was very exposed. The fights with the good guys were different. Since they were trying to capture me with religious equipment, I usually won by taking their stuff from them or destroying it, after which they ran. I never gave chase. When Filipe's character was brought in, he observed me before approaching me and allowing me to 'seduce' him. The third seduction scene, instead of near-immediate sex, he 'convinced' me to follow him outside.
That was where the good guys planned an ambush. While I scattered the others quickly, this expert was my equal in combat. We must have fought for half an hour, but the final result was only about five minutes. The fight ended when he pulled out a silver holy symbol, and held it against my bare skin. He saw nothing happened.
"Tina, why aren't you in agony? This holy symbol has been blessed by the pope!"
"Gabriel, I came here on my own. Those only work on the ones summoned."
"What do you mean, 'on your own'?"
"I was bored back home. I heard a rumor there was a way to get here, so I spent a few years searching. It led me to this area, and I have been having fun ever since. At least, until those idiots tried to control me."
"You killed them."
"They were trying to kill me, so I returned the favor. I'm just better at it." I smiled, showing pointy teeth and red eyes. Those effects people know their stuff.
"Killing is evil."
"For you, maybe. For me, survival is neither good nor evil."
It was at that moment, he looked down at his hand on my skin. The camera zoomed in on his hand, showing the tips of two fingers were in my vagina, and I was dripping over his hand.
"You know, if you drop the symbol, you can use your whole hand to finger me. See my nipples? I am fully aroused, and would love to take you here like you said before."
He slowly seems to give in, and starts to finger me, while also leaning in to kiss me. He stops half an inch away from my mouth. He holds there a few seconds before pulling back.
"No. Having sex to set up a demon I'm hunting is acceptable. Doing it for my own pleasure is not."
"You sure?" I played with a nipple.
"I am sure." We stared at each other for a bit. "But what do I do with you?"
"Well, you won't have sex with me, so why don't you go, so I can get some sex inside?"
"I shouldn't."
"You going to stop me?"
He opened his mouth, but said nothing. I pulled away, letting his fingers slide out, and then went back into the club.
"Cut!" A moment later, the director said, "Good work. Reset. Start again at 'drop the symbol', but this time, kiss."
We shot it again, but Filipe and I cut loose and turned up the heat. It got very quiet on the set, as everyone was watching us. When we broke, I said, "Nice warm up. Find me anytime you want to finish that." I then pulled away.
"Cut! Great. Break for five." The assistant director whispered something to the director. "Make that twenty." I guessed the assistant mentioned the erections in the crew and cast needed more time to subside.
After the break, we shot the ambush setup scene in that alley before calling it a day.
The next day, we shot the big warehouse fight scene. There I got to chew up a lot of the scenery. My boots left divots in the cement walls, broke some wooden crates, and even bent a stunt rifle in half. It was this scene where the 'good guys', having followed me here, realized I was taking down the local mob. After watching a bit, they join in, letting me take the focus, and just putting downed criminals in zip tie cuffs. When the director signals, we hear sirens, and then see the crew 'cops' enter. That's when I climb hand over hand up a chain to the overhead crane, with my legs split wide, giving all below a great view. I then disappeared out of a skylight.
I left the skylight opened a crack, so I could listen for the director to say 'cut'. When he does, I enter and climb back down. As everyone gathers, I learn I attacked the wrong rifle. It was a real one, and bent in half. Oops. After the director reviews the playback, he announces that the filming is finished. Everyone then heads to the pair of catering trucks parked outside.
With the afternoon free, Filipe and I explore the area, still in our film outfits. We posed for a number of locals, and sometimes they took selfies with us. We ate at a fancy restaurant, and then wandered to the club where we had shot a number of scenes. The bouncer, seeing us, called out to me.
"Yo, Tina, you here to play?"
"Yes."
"Then come on up. You can skip the line."
We headed up. I said, "Thanks." Filipe slipped him a twenty, as we passed.
We headed to the bar, where I indicated I was driving. I told the bartender that if anyone wanted to buy me a drink, to please make it non-alcoholic. We then ordered our drinks. While we examined the crowd, I asked, "See anyone you want to play with?"
"Several. You?"
"I see a few. Maybe even a possible threesome. Game?"
"Yes. How do you want to play it?"
"I was thinking we go out and dance, and you place your hands on my butt, but inside the dress. We dance, and you point out the one you want. After a bit, you push my dress a bit to the side to expose a breast, or at least a nipple, and you start sucking on it. Then we head to the restroom and have sex. Exiting, you come back here, and I go to the dance floor. I'll send her to you, and find myself someone else."
"Sounds good. May I have this dance?" Filipe then bowed and extended his hand to me.
I accepted it, and we walked to the dance floor and began to dance. As we danced, everyone noticed how little my dress covered, especially when I spun. Filipe pointed a woman out, and we drifted closer. When Filipe bared my breast, she was looking, and seemed shocked. That's when I hit her with a whammy, and she shifted focus to Filipe. When she looked down, she noticed his long bulge and licked her lips. As we started for the men's restroom, I hit her again with the desire to follow and watch us discreetly. By the time we entered, my nipples were at full attention. I hopped up on the sink and pulled the front of my dress to the side, leaving me exposed from the waist down. Filipe then unzipped and pulled out his ten-incher. We ignored the gasp from the girl. Filipe then pushed into me, and once in, pushed the top of the dress together to reveal all my breasts.
As he began pounding me with long strokes, I sensed others watching. I whammied each of the men in turn to watch and enjoy, and masturbate if they wanted. Shortly, three more dicks were out and erect. Meanwhile, my breathing was showing signs of an impending orgasm. Filipe helped it out by playing with my lower nipples while nibbling on my upper ones in alternating fashion. In another minute, we both came. Filipe then fixed his clothing while I just sat there. He then left, presumably to the bar.
I looked at one of the three men and said, "Next." I crooked my finger and gave a come here gesture.
He came over eagerly. "I'm Salvatore. Call me Sal."
I rhymed, "I am horny. Do me now." I then grabbed his still-erect dick, and pulled him to me. Then I used my other hand to pull him closer while I guided his dick into me. "Go! Show me what you got!"
"Oh yes." He then reached out for my breasts. That's when I noticed the girl had gone. I then focused on him, and guided him into giving me pleasure. In a few minutes, we both came. When he finished, he staggered back, tired from the intensity.
"Go sit someplace before you fall." He enters a stall to sit.
I look at the other two, and it is clear they both came, and were now limp. "Too bad you couldn't hold it longer." I pulled my dress back into position and walked out.
I headed back to the dance floor alone, but by the time I got there, I had four guys vying for a dance. I picked one, and started to dance, leaving the others disappointed, but hopeful. I was about to suggest we head to the men's restroom when I saw Filipe and the girl heading there. So instead, I suggested another dance. When I saw his disappointed look, I pulled out one of my nipples.
"Can you think of something to do with this?" That got his attention, and he chose to nibble.
When the dance ended, he suggested a drink. We walked to the bar, with my nipple still out. "A cocktail for the lady, and whiskey for me." I had sat facing the bar with my exposed nipple on his side. After getting the drinks, I spun to face the crowd, and he followed suit. He started to reach for my nipple, but realized it was not on the other side. "Could we switch places? I want to play some more."
"No need." I looked him in the eye. "Just pull out one on your side."
He raised his eyebrows. "Okay." He then reached over and rather than pull out a nipple, he pushed the dress over and bared the full breast. I pretended not to notice as I slowly sipped my drink. After a bit, I placed my hand on his crotch, and started rubbing.
When he started losing track of things, I used both hands and unzipped him. When I freed his erect dick, I got up, kneeled down and deepthroated him. A few bobs, with my long tongue wrapped around his dick, and he unloaded. After licking him clean, I got back up on my barstool.
"How about returning the favor?" When he looked at me with a question in his eyes, I pulled the bottom of my dress to the side and spread my legs. "I like to get eaten out."
He got off his seat, and kneeled in front of me. After he started, I pulled his head in more, and guided him in my pleasure. While he did this, someone took his seat and started playing with my exposed breast. When I didn't react, the guy sitting on the other side decided a nipple was not enough, so he pushed the dress in on that side, baring that breast. Getting no reaction, he proceeded to play also.
When I came, he continued until my orgasm finished. He stood up and said, "Wow."
"Oh yeah. Not bad with a tongue, but are you as good with your dick?"
Looking at the others still playing with my breasts, and at the other onlookers, he said, "Not in such a public setting."
"Okay. Follow me." I got up, and led the way to the men's restroom. Once inside, I undid the belt and took off my dress. I placed it on the counter and asked, "How do you want me? Sitting on the counter, or bent over?"
Before he could answer, I suddenly could feel his need, and also the desire of those here. I knew then that Inanna had decided to enjoy this also. It also meant I could get away with a lot more blatant sex.
"Bend over." I did. He dropped his pants, and underwear, with a single action, and suddenly pushed into me. Once fully in, he leaned over and grabbed a pair of breasts. With a secure hold, he started going in and out.
I encouraged him. "Harder. Faster. Ooh, that's good. More." The more I spoke, the more energetic he got. I even whammied him lightly so that he would not deflate after coming. A few minutes later, this surprised him.
"Huh? I'm still stiff?"
"Then keep it in me and give me more!" I didn't tell him that there were two people in the stalls peeking and watching us.
It took a few minutes for him to reload, but when he did, I whammied him to hold it a bit to make it even better. Turns out it was better for both of us. However, I had to quickly turn around and catch him when he finished. He was exhausted. "You two, in the stalls, help him get dressed."
Slowly, the stalls opened, and one said, "Wow, that was impressive."
I smiled and said, "Thank you, but get him dressed. I'll hold him up while you dress him." Shortly, he was dressed. "Take him out and find him a seat." They did. I picked up my dress and followed them out. While they slowly went over to find a seat, I sashayed over to Filipe and handed him my dress and purse. "I don't think I'll need these for a while."
He raised his eyebrows. "Naked?"
"She wants to play. I doubt I'll get out of here before closing. Don't worry, I'll find my own way back to the hotel."
"In that case, how about sending me someone in an hour, and another an hour after that? I'll enjoy the show and later head to the hotel."
"Okay. See you tomorrow."
I then headed out to the dance floor, looking for singles that also seemed to have great desire for me. It didn't matter if they were male or female, as I would enjoy it either way, and Inanna would ensure everyone was satisfied.
"You look hot!" came from behind me.
I turned around. "You want to dance?" I then reached for him, assuming he wanted that, at least.
"Yeah, I mghf..." He wasn't able to complete what he said because his face was now pushed hard into my breast. I soon felt him nibbling on my nipple. He also grabbed my ass with both hands.
"Oh that's nice. Make me happy." We danced for two songs. Then I led him over to a chair. "Sit and pull it out."
He pulled his dick out, fully erect, and only then realized what he did. I gave him no time to think as I sat down on him and impaled myself. I then pulled his hands to my lower breasts. "Rub them, squeeze them, make me come." I started moving up and down. When he started to respond, I then said, "Nibble my upper nipples. Make it more intense." I whammied him like the last guy.
We quickly attracted a crowd, many calling out suggestions or comments. When he came, so did I. But I kept grinding, pulling up a few inches each time, allowing everyone to see he was still hard.
While everyone waited, I said, "This is thirsty work." I figured someone would soon offer me a drink. Soon, he reloaded and we came again. As I stood up, he wilted into the seat, breathing heavily, but with a big smile on his face. Turning around, I saw three people holding out drinks for me. I took the most interesting looking drink and downed it slowly, but steadily, without pause until it was gone. Handing the glass to someone in the crowd, I then went to the one who brought it and said, "Let's dance."
He stepped right up to me, and quickly aimed his face at a nipple, even as he embraced me. After a pair of songs, dancing in the crowd, we headed for an open chair. I said, "Assume the position." He dropped his pants and sat.
"I'm ready!" He guided me as I sat. As the last guy, this guy came twice. But I noticed a woman in the crowd that was really turned on. When I stood, I just walked to her and said, "I want you." I then reached out and caressed one of her breasts. With my other hand, I pushed inside the hem of her skirt. She was breathing heavily, so I guider her over to a chair that was quickly emptied. Before sitting her down, I pulled down her skirt. Surprise, she was commando. I sat her on the chair and spread her legs. I then stood back a little and spread my own legs, lowering my waist.
With a right angle bend, I then placed my face between her legs, and used my tongue to rev her up. I wondered how long it would be before someone impaled me. I reached and pulled up her shirt, revealing she was also braless. Using one hand to steady myself, I used the other to play with her nipples. I was also penetrating her deeply with my tongue.
Someone moved behind me, and placed their hands on my hips. Moments later, I was impaled. Meanwhile, I used my tongue like a dick, reaching in and pounding her G-spot, even as I pushed it in and drew it out. When I felt she was ready, I pinched her nipple hard, while also vibrating the tip of my tongue on her G-spot. She came hard.
I didn't let up on her. Every time she started to come down, I renewed my assault on her G-spot. I even managed to make her come at the same time as I did, and the guy came in me. I allowed the guy behind me to not stay hard, so when he pulled out, I stood and said to her, "Swap places."
She got up, and I sat with my legs in a full split. She knelt down and began to eat me out. I leaned forward so I could reach her breasts. I played with them even as I encouraged her. "Taste that sweet nectar. Lick it all up."
When she finished, I pulled her on my lap and kissed her. "Let me taste you." I let one hand drift between her legs and started to finger her. She was so wound up, I was able to hold the kiss while she came.
I spoke to the crowd, "We need something to drink." While we waited, I continued to fondle her breasts. She was so out of it, she didn't realize her legs were wide open, and her skirt was on the floor. Soon we were handed some drinks. When we finished drinking, I told the woman to put her clothes back on.
She reacted by immediately trying to cover herself. "Eep!"
I looked her in the eyes and said, "Do not be embarrassed. You look beautiful, and all here like the way you look." I gently pulled her hands away.
To the crowd, I said, "Hey, everyone. Isn't she beautiful?" I got the expected cheer and other sounds of approval.
"See, no one feels you have anything to be embarrassed about. Now, dress in confidence."
With that boost in confidence, she soon decided to do a reverse strip, and teased the crowd the whole time. When she finished, I clapped my hands, and was quickly joined by others. I looked about and say a guy who stood out with need. I walked over to him and pulled his pants down. I then deepthroated him, using my tongue to wrap his entire dick and balls. While this intrigued him, he soon lost focus as his arousal rose. I used my whammy to make him last a while and build to a great crescendo.
"Oh, this feels good. My balls are ready. I'm so hard. I need release. Keep doing it." Clearly, he was enjoying it. "I'm so ready. I'm, I'm, I'm COMING!" With that, he unloaded into my mouth, and I drank it all down, except for some to show. I pulled off, leaving him clean, then showed the last of his ejaculate to him before swallowing the last of it.
"Thanks for the drink." I then stood and looked for a guy for another dance. I spotted one in need and headed for him. While we danced, I scanned the crowd for a woman for Filipe. I whammied her and sent her to him. I saw her later with a big smile, so I know she enjoyed him. I wandered through the crowd, dancing with some, having sex with some, and whammying many for great sex. Every hour, I sent someone to Filipe until he left. Sometime after eleven, I felt it was time to become the center of attention, so I found a suitable table, and lay down on it, spreading my legs. In moments, someone was pounding me. I leaned my head back and opened my mouth. It was filled.
Each time someone left, another took his or her place. When I got thirsty, someone came with a drink. For several hours, I lay there, and I came every few minutes. Last call came at two, so the alcohol stopped flowing. The bodies continued for another hour. The last to do me was the bouncer. He walked out with me, and offered to take me home. I told him what hotel, and he dropped me off.
When I entered the lobby, I heard, "Shit. He was right." I looked up and saw the night clerk staring at me. I walked seductively towards him. At the desk, I reached for his hands and pulled them to my breasts.
"I am real. Wanna have sex?" He nodded, so I turned around and hopped up on the counter then lay back. "I'm ready." I reached and placed one of his hands between my legs. "Join me?"
He was in shock, but ten seconds later, he dropped his pants and climbed on top of me. When we finished, I got down from the counter and asked for my key. He was so distracted, it took a while to register, and almost as long to get. It was clear which head was doing the thinking. I took the key and waved goodbye as I headed to the elevator. I entered my room, and headed straight to bed. I cuddled up to Filipe, and fell instantly to sleep.
I woke to a knocking at the door. Looking about, I didn't see Filipe, so I answered it. It was a trio of college students bringing in a small breakfast buffet. While there wasn't anything fancy, there was plenty for me. They set up a table with one chair, and motioned for me to sit, so did. They then started presenting me with assorted dishes, and asked if I would like some. I'd seen this routine before. Filipe had arranged it, knowing I wouldn't bother to dress before answering the door. These guys would watch me through breakfast, so I took my time.
When I felt full, I stood up and said, "I need a shower. Anyone want to assist me?"
A moment of silence was broken with, "I do."
"I do."
"Me too."
I said, "Okay, let's see if there is room for four." I headed to the bathroom and started the shower. "It works better if you are naked in the shower at the same time." They quickly got naked. We all got in and I distributed the supplies. "Be sure not to miss a spot. I was in an orgy last night, so you will need to wash everything real well." I then closed my eyes and said, "Begin." As expected, they took liberties, and I encouraged them.
Every time I felt one was getting close to coming, I knelt down and deepthroated him, eyes still closed. When they came, I swallowed everything, and then licked them clean before letting their dick out of my mouth. I then stood up and waited. I came a number of times, as did they, but not at the same time. When I felt clean, I called a halt to it. We had been in there almost two hours, and each of them had come in my mouth several times.
I let them dry me, and they dried themselves as I dressed in front of them. I sat back and watched them dress, and then they cleaned up breakfast. When they left, I checked my phone. Filipe was waiting for me at the hotel bar.
"Enjoy my breakfast treat?"
"All three of them."
"He he." He gestured, and I sat next to him. "When we wrapped, I thought we would sightsee today. But with her involvement, I find myself wanting to hear all about it instead."
"We can do both. We just have to be quiet in the details. Perhaps we can start with a riding tour guide?"
"I'll find one." We fell silent, and after a few minutes he showed a tour to me on his phone. I smiled back. I listened as he made the arrangements. Finally, he said, "We leave in an hour." With that, he leaned into me and I placed an arm around his shoulder. We sat there for forty-five minutes before heading up to change for something suitable to wear. Well, at least for him.
The hotel car dropped us off, and we headed onto the tour bus. Filipe sat by the window, and I in the center. As we waited for things to start, we began my tale of last night. Although quiet, I could tell the couple behind us was listening. Looking at Filipe, I could see he also knew and didn't mind. I made sure they heard just enough to want more. When I described lying on a table being filled at both ends, we both heard gasps. We both smiled, but pretended no to hear.
Every time the guide had us look at something, Filipe turned his head, but I leaned way down to get a good look out the window. This exposed a breast, but we both ignored that. Others didn't. After seeing whatever, we resumed our discussion. I managed to time it so that I was telling Filipe about the night clerk just as the tour finished. We then inquired for nearby restaurants. We selected one in walking distance and went there. On the way, I told Filipe about my breakfast treat.
After lunch, we found another tour. We returned to the hotel for dinner. That evening, we packed, including all three of Tina's dresses I had made and used in the film. I knew they were going to have me wearing one of them for the premier. The paparazzi would go wild. I hoped it would be a windy day.
But that is another story....