This is the story of how I got involved with a couple who needed a private photographer and the adventures that I had with them. Names have been changed to protect their identities!
As a nineteen-year-old student with his own flat, and a burgeoning photography hobby I made ends meet by working part time in a camera store. Marie had been in a couple of times. She was asking about home developing equipment, but she didn't strike me as a typical photography enthusiast. I had tried to explain how to set up a darkroom and about the various chemicals, but I had the feeling she felt out of her depth.
One night, I had just finished at the store and had arranged to meet a friend in a nearby bar. I had just got myself a drink and sat down, when she came over to me.
'You're from the camera shop, aren't you? Mind if I join you for a minute?' She asked.
Well, a few things went through my mind. Was she just going to continue to pick my brains about photography? I'd been doing that all day and it was my time now. But another part of my brain was the sex starved nineteen-year-old that had a bit of a thing for older women. Sure, she was twice my age, but she also looked like she was gym fit in her skin-tight jeans. Not that I felt I had any chance with her!
At first, it seemed like she was just picking my brains on my free time. But then she explained the real reason for her interest in darkrooms and developing.
'My husband likes to take photographs of me that are a bit 'racy,' but last time we sent a film away they didn't print half of them. It seems that it's not their policy to print adult pictures. I thought maybe I could develop them myself next time, but it seems so complicated.'
My perverted nineteen-year-old self saw a glimmer of voyeuristic opportunity. I could offer to develop those pictures and that way I'd get to see them. It seemed like a faint chance, but I played the card.
'I could develop them for you.' I blurted out. I half expected her to pour her drink over me. But I tried to seem earnest and willing to help. 'I do my own developing.'
Well she didn't pour her drink over me, she asked me when and how much it would cost. I told her that she could just pay me for the chemicals and paper, and that I was free on Sunday. She wrote my address into her diary, finished her drink and left.
On Sunday morning I wondered if she would show up. I had been fantasising about seeing her naked pictures. I would perhaps be the only person apart from her husband to see them and I would see them first. But perhaps she would get cold feet and not turn up. But sure enough, at 10 o'clock sharp there was a knock at my door and Marie was there. In my mind she was going to leave the film and come back later, but no, she would love to see me do the developing. She also wanted to see my darkroom. Well my darkroom was spectacularly unimpressive back them. The only spare room in my small flat was about 6 feet by 8. The window was blacked out by a thick black sheet. There was a table, developing trays and bottles of chemicals and a tiny red lamp. It was a bit cramped and not at all impressive.
The first part of the task involved loading her film into the developing tank. It's all done by feel and then once the film was loaded I was able to switch on the light and add the chemicals. I set the timer and then offered her tea while we waited for the chemicals to do their work. I was concentrating on timings, not wanting to mess things up, but finally the last rinse was done, and it was time to open the tank and see the negatives for the first time. Now I started to get the first whiff of excitement. I was looking at this sexy woman with a gorgeous bum standing next to me, and in a moment I would get glimpses of the horny poses she had been in for her husband's camera.
I carefully took out the negative and hung it up. Already, I could see that there were shots of her in lingerie at the start, and one later pose that thrilled me of her naked from behind. But I couldn't really take a good look at this point as it would have seemed too obvious. I would have to be patient, but my mouth was getting dry in anticipation. I was going to see this woman naked very soon. I just had to keep it together and do the prints.
When the negatives were dry I showed her how the enlarger worked, and asked if we were to print all of them and what size? I loaded the first negative and showed her how I could adjust it to different sizes. Obviously, the larger sheets of paper cost more, so perhaps she might want to choose only her favourites for the larger size? We started looking at each negative in turn. Still I'm only seeing negative images, but I am seeing more of what is to come. The first few are lingerie shots, there's a couple where she's topless in tiny panties. Then, she's naked from various angles. Already, my dick is twitching and I'm wishing I had worn looser jeans!
'You're a man, perhaps you should choose the best ones? Maybe print all of them in the standard size and your favourite three large size?'
Well, this was great. I was now getting the perfect excuse to have a really good look at all of them. I set to work. I asked if she wanted to come back later as it would take a while to print them all. I had a simple setup, not a production line. But no, she wanted to watch. One by one, the pictures appeared, got fixed, rinsed and hung up to dry. I was looking at the sexy pictures and the woman herself was standing so close I could smell her perfume and hear her breathing. Some of the pictures were so hot that I was getting really aroused. It didn't help that she started resting her hand on my shoulder as she watched me work. She was so close that at one point her long black hair brushed my cheek. Eventually, the standard prints were all done. I made some more tea and started laying the nearly dry prints out on my coffee table in the lounge.
'Now you need to help me choose the best three,' she said.
Well, I already knew which ones I would pick, but once we were finished I wouldn't see them again. I wanted to take a long look at each one. I wanted to try and keep a mental image for a wank after she had gone. She sat really close to me on the sofa. We picked up different ones in turn. She clearly had a fantastic body, but she would find fault with it in ways that invited me to talk about her body.
'My tits are a bit saggy.'
'Nonsense, you have lovely tits.'
'What do you like about them.'
'Everything, you have gorgeous nipples.' They were pink and erect.
'So why do you keep looking at this one?' She pointed to one where she was naked but had her back to the camera.
'Do I?'
'Yes, you do!'
'Because you have a gorgeous bum!'
'Do you really think so?'
'Absolutely gorgeous, irresistible.'
And so, it went on. The conversation just revolved about me talking more and more bravely about how hot I thought she was. Finally, we got to my favourite two. She was lying on her front, up on her elbows. Both of the shots really accentuated the curve of her back and her wonderful arse. In the first her legs were together, but in the second they were somewhat apart. In that shot, a glimpse of her pussy was visible framed by her butt cheeks. I was putting off looking at it because it made by dick feel like it would throb so obviously she would see it.
'I can see you like that one,' she said as I tried not to look at it for too long.
'Is it that obvious?'
'Err, yes!' As she said that she poked at my crotch with a finger.
'Sorry I...'
'Don't worry, I'm flattered that I can still do that to a young guy like you. Come on, choose your other two and make me some big prints.'
Struggling to regain my composure, we headed back to the darkroom. We printed three pictures in all their 10x8 glory and hung them up to dry. I turned the light on and I just gazed stupidly at the pictures of hot legs, ass and particularly that tantalising view of her pussy.
'Maybe I should leave you alone for five minutes,' she teased me.
I laughed nervously and apologised.
'No, I should apologise. It's me that's made you frustrated. You're young and you can't help it. I know willies have a mind of their own.'
Well that was true enough, I couldn't help it if her pictures were so hot that they made me hard. But we needed those pictures to be dry and I needed to pee. So, I changed the subject, made more tea and waited for my dick to soften so that I could piss. Finally, I felt my erection easing so I announced my need and went to the bathroom. I left the bathroom door ajar and peed really loudly, so she wouldn't think I was wanking. Eventually the enlargements were dry and I presented them to her.
'I'm sorry I teased you earlier,' she said. 'To tell you the truth, I was really enjoying having that effect on you. Do that make me bad?'
'No worse than me,' I replied, 'I was staring too much. It was just as much my fault. I shouldn't have looked so hard. Usually if I see pictures like that they are in a magazine and I am alone.'
'If my pictures were in a magazine would you buy it?'
'Definitely'
'And?'
'And what?'
'What would you do?'
Why I would wank over it every night for a week of course! I was getting hard again. She gathered up the pictures and handed them to me.
'Would you like another good look at them?' She sat down next to me. 'Don't worry, I like that they turn you on.'
Unable to resist, I started looking through the pile of photos again. I thought I would have a really good wank the minute she left. But she had other ideas. She unzipped my fly and started caressing me. I put one hand down but she pushed it back.
'Look at the photos, I want to make up for teasing you.'
I did as I was told. I worked through the pictures as she gently massaged my cock. This was just fantastic. I'd been looking at those pictures trying and failing to be objective. But now, I was invited to gaze and fantasise while she expertly slow wanked me. I was having a no handed wank over pictures no other man had ever seen from the woman in the pictures. It was heaven.
When I got to my favourite photo, she said 'tell me what you want to do.'
'I want to slide my cock inside your pussy.' I gasped.
As I said that I felt a sudden warm wet sensation as she pushed her mouth down over my cock. Simultaneously her hand gripped my shaft and my orgasm erupted uncontrollably. I was still looking at the picture and imagining I had just shot my load inside her pussy. I was light headed as I looked down and saw that she had swallowed it all and was cleaning up my cock with her mouth.
I sat there speechless as she tucked my cock away, and gave it a little pat.
'There, that must feel better!' She smiled at me. 'Don't worry, I could see how horny I was making you. It was the least I could do for you after you've spent all day helping me.' I was still lost for words. I think at that point in my life I had only had one or two blow jobs, and I couldn't recall ever having such a mind-blowing orgasm.
I can't really remember much else. I got a large envelope that had contained photographic paper and placed all of her photos in and accepted the agreed amount for the developing and printing. I suspect my hands were trembling.
As I showed her out I wondered if I would see her again.
There is much more to tell, so please look out for part 2!