I'm fucking sick, sick of being broke all the time.
I'm a single mum, living on benefits. I didn't plan to be. I thought I was in a steady relationship but the arsehole bloke did a runner as soon as he found out I was pregnant. He just vanished. If I don't know where he is I can't claim any child support from him, but I don't think he'd pay up anyway.
That was four years ago and I've been skint ever since. I've tried to find work but it's impossible with a kid. Even the local shop wants somebody to work at any time.
It's always a struggle but somehow I've made it this far. The last few weeks have just about broken me. I've been living on a diet of tea and toast so I can afford food for my boy. Last week he needed new shoes. I managed to find a pair that fit him at a local charity shop but that took up the last of my little spare cash.
I'm at my wits end, not knowing what to do next.
While I was walking back from dropping my boy at afternoon nursery I got chatting to a woman I know.
"How are you getting on these days?" she asked.
"I'm OK in myself'" I replied, "But I'm sick of being broke all the time."
"I know how you can earn a bit of extra cash." She said.
"How?" I asked. "I've tried to find work everywhere but had no luck."
She came back with. "This is easy work. You do it at home. It doesn't pay great money but anything's better than nothing. Right?"
"I suppose it is. What do I have to do."
"He makes videos. He'll want to video you."
"I don't know about that. I'm not the greatest looking woman for a video"
"Neither am I. He pays to see a bit of cleavage and some thigh. How much he pays depends on how much you want to show. I'll text you his number."
"OK. I don't think it's for me though"
This idea occupied my mind for quite a while. The idea of extra cash was great but showing myself on video didn't really appeal to me at all.
My mind was made up when my boy came home with a rip in his trousers. He only had two pairs so this was quite a loss. I didn't have the money to replace them, even from a charity shop.
I rang the number and a pleasant sounding guy answered. "How can I help you?"
"Er...Are you the man who does videos? I asked hesitantly.
"I am. Do you want to do a video?"
"What does it entail?"
"Well I make a short video of you, fully clothed, but I'll expect you to show a bit of cleavage and some legs for a start. For that I'll pay a fiver. You can earn more depending on how far you want to go."
I didn't like the sound of "How far you want to go." but a fiver for just showing my cleavage and a bit of leg was fine by me. I know many will say a fiver isn't much but to me it meant I could feed myself and my boy well for two days.
"OK." I said. "Can we make a time?"
We made a time for an afternoon when my boy was at nursery and I gave him the address of my flat..
The day finally arrived and he was early. I'd just got back when he knocked on the door.
I let him in and he said, "This won't work if you are wearing jeans and a high neck sweater. Can you change into a low cut top and a skirt, short if you have one please, while I set up my equipment?"
As he was setting up, I went into the bedroom and found something that I thought was suitable.
When I came out, he was still setting up and I had a chance to have a closer look at him. He was older than I expected but quite presentable. His clothes looked clean but they were well worn.
"What do you do with these videos?" I asked.
"I have a small website that I put them on. I don't use any names or ways to identify anybody."
"What if somebody recognises my face?"
"When I edit, I can blur your face, or I can give you a mask to wear. Your choice."
Not fully trusting him to blur me out I said. " I'd like a mask please."
When he'd finished setting up his cameras and lights he handed me a mask. It was a very fancy mask like the ones women used to wear to balls in the olden days. I put it on and saw myself in the mirror. Wow! That looks great, I thought.
"You look lovely." he said as he looked me up and down. It was an uncomfortable feeling, but that's what he's here for.
"Here's your fiver." He said, putting a note on the side table.
Payment up front was great.
"Right." he said. "Shall we get started?"
"OK"
"Just follow my instructions."
He had two video cameras, one on a tripod and one hand held.
"Turn sideways to the fixed tripod and put your hands behind your head. Push those lovely breasts out."
Lovely breasts? Nobody had ever said that about my tits before.
He walked round me videoing all the time.
"Bend forward slightly and push that gorgeous bottom out"
Wow! Another compliment. I could get used to this.
"That's great. You're doing really well. Put your hands down, turn and face me and lean forward. Show me some cleavage."
I'm beginning to enjoy this. He's so kind and I'm starting to want to please him. I did as he said.
"Super. Now squeeze your breasts together."
"That's great. Now stand up and pull your skirt up and show me some thigh."
"Those legs are awesome. Let your skirt down and stand with your feet apart."
I did and he put he camera between my legs for an up skirt shot.
Ooh. Naughty, I thought. It's a good job I put some clean knickers on when I got changed.
"Super. You're doing great. You're a natural. Now can you let your hair down?"
My hair is quite long and I had it in a pony tail. When I let it down it fell almost to my waist.
"Now turn sideways to the fixed camera, pull your hair across your mouth and give the camera your best sultry look."
I did as he asked and he said.
"You were great, thank you. It was well worth the fiver."
The whole thing had only taken about twenty minutes, The easiest fiver I'd ever earned.
"What do you want me to do to earn more? I asked.
"Pretty much what you've just done but in your underwear. Lose the top and skirt for another fiver"
I thought about it. It's a bit naughty being half naked in front of a camera, but it's no worse than being in a bikini and a another fiver will be really useful.
I stripped off and we went through pretty much the same sort of poses. He was charming, giving me compliments each time I did what he asked. He put another fiver on the side table.
"Well, that's it." He said. "Unless you want to earn some more."
"Doing what?" I asked. "How much more"
"The same again, but naked."
"I can't do that for a fiver. It will have to be more"
"Sorry, a fiver's my offer. I don't pay more than that at this stage." as he turned off his lights.
"No. Wait. Let me think about it."
It was going a bit further than I had anticipated but he'd been a gentleman throughout. He'd never tried to touch me. With the mask on, nobody would recognise me. Another fiver would be really good.
I saw the fiver in his hand.
"OK" I said.
He put the fiver on the side table.
"Right." He said. This is the time to be slow and seductive. Take off your bra."
"Is this OK?" I asked, as I reached behind myself and unclasped my bra. I had one arm across my breasts holding the bra up. I pouted at him as I slid the straps from my arms, still holding the bra. As I let one cup slip my hand covered my breast. I shook my hair forward so it hung down over my front before letting the bra drop to the floor. I raised my arms and stuck my breasts out, knowing that he could probably see something through my hair.
"That was absolutely amazing." He said. "You are the best performer I've videoed for a long time."
I felt quite proud of myself for doing a good job for him.
After that the instructions came thick and fast.
"Push your hair back. Lets see those lovely tits."
"Put your arms behind your head and push them out."
"Keep on looking sexy. Hold them in your hands and roll your nipples in your fingers."
It was quite a turn on to to that in front of him. I felt a little tingle.
"Bend forward and let them hang down. Give them a shake."
"That's super. Are you ready for losing the knickers?"
"Yes. Am I doing OK still?" looking for more praise from him.
"You're doing marvellously. "Turn round with your back to the camera, bend forward at the waist, look back over your shoulder and slowly slide your knickers off.
It wasn't as easy as it sounds but I managed it. I shuddered a little as I realised that he's now seen every part of me.
"Open your legs."
I did and he put the hand held camera between them for a close up. I wish I'd trimmed my pubes.
" Put your hand between your legs and open yourself up a bit."
I did that and he said.
"That's one of the sweetest pussies I've ever seen."
I felt a warm glow at this praise. I know he probably says it to any woman who does this for him, but he made it sound so personal to me.
"That was absolutely wonderful." He said. "Do you want to earn any more?"
This was getting a bit risky. What more could he want me to do? I was intrigued, but wary. Realising I could say no when he told me, I said.
"What do you want me to do and how much?" God, I sounded like a whore.
"I want you to masturbate for me. It would be great if you could make yourself come but if you can't, it's no problem. It's worth a tenner." He said, puling a ten pound note out of his pocket.
What harm can that do, I thought. I'd have twenty five quid at the end of it, That's a bloody fortune to me.
"I'll do it." I said.
"Right," he replied. "Just give me a few minutes to reposition the lights and camera."
As he was doing this I realised that I was stark naked, stood here watching him and he wasn't taking any notice of me. I should have been embarrassed by being naked in front of a man I'd only met less than an hour ago. I didn't even know his name. He'd been such a gentleman and so kind to me that it felt completely natural.
"OK." He said. "Sit in the middle of the sofa with your heels on the edge and your knees wide apart, and start when you are ready."
I sat as he asked and started to play with myself. I had one hand playing with a nipple and the other stroking my pussy. Although he said that it didn't matter if I didn't come, I wanted to. I wanted to do the best I could for him.
Erotic thoughts were hard to come by. It's been over a year since I last had sex and that wasn't particularly erotic. I'd been pretty down for a few days and some friends clubbed together and bought some booze. The turned up at my place for a party to cheer me up. We all got pretty drunk, in fact I was well wasted. Eventually they all left apart from one guy who I hardly knew. He was a friend of a friend.
I don't remember all of what happened but he sucked on my tits, fingered me and fucked me. Thankfully he used a condom. He left it full of come on the floor. I don't remember if I came, but he did. That would be all the mattered to him.
Anyway, that memory was not going to get me off. I was getting mildly aroused but far from coming.
The video camera was close to me as he got shots of my hands working. I looked towards him and saw a decent sized bulge in his trousers. That gave me an idea.
He would never know what I was thinking. So I began to imagine what it would be like having his cock sliding in and out of me. That worked and it wasn't long before I was frantically finger fucking myself and moaning like crazy I was sweating and humping myself up against my hand.
I was getting wetter and wetter before I exploded in a massive orgasm. I shrieked out loud as I came.
As I came down, I asked,
"Was that OK for you?"
"It was better than OK." He replied. "It was fantastic. I got some great shots of your fingers in your pussy, glistening with your wetness. The look on your face when you came was priceless. You are the best."
"Are we done now? I asked.
"There is one more thing I'd like to do. I'd like to touch you. There's another tenner for you"
Another tenner was tempting, but touching was going too far.
"I can't do that." I said
"Oh. That's a shame." he said, looking crestfallen.
I felt sorry for him. He'd been so good to me and I was turning him down. I really wanted him to be happy. I thought about it for a while and said.
"OK. Hands only"
He looked like a kid who'd been given the keys to the sweetie shop.
"Thank you. Thank you so much. I've wanted to touch you since I first saw you naked" He replied.
He came over to me, camera in one hand and videoed himself stroking my breasts, running his fingers over my nipples, before moving down to my pussy. His fingers were magic. I was really getting turned on. As he played with my pussy and rolled his fingers over my clit I was on fire.
I came as soon as he slipped two fingers into my soaking hole and kept on coming as he worked them in and out of me.
"I'm so glad I made you come." He said.
I felt proud that I'd come for him.
"Turn over for me." he said. " Kneel on the sofa with your knees on the edge and your legs apart"
I did as he asked and he ran his fingers the full length of my pussy before slipping them inside me again. He was rubbing my most sensitive spot and I could feel my juices running from me as I came again.
He took his fingers out, then I felt something else pushing inside me. The bastard was fucking me.
"No...No. Not that. I didn't agree to that." I screamed,
I tried to push him off but couldn't. If I pushed back, I'd only be helping him. The sofa was up against the wall so I couldn't go forward. I was stuck there with his cock inside me, Despite not wanting it I had to admit to myself that t felt good, very good. The first cock inside me for over a year.
He totally ignored my pleas for him to stop, he just kept on fucking me. I just kept on coming. It was glorious.
" Are you wearing a condom?" I gasped.
"No." he replied
"Please God, don't come in me. I can't afford another kid" I wailed, just as another orgasm ripped through me.
I was almost passing out with pleasure when I felt him tense up.
"Nooooo. Not in me." I cried.
It was too late. I felt spurt after spurt hit my insides as he pumped his come deep inside me. There must have been a lot of it. It seemed like a gallon ran out of me when he pulled out.
I was steaming mad with him. Not so much for fucking me. I'd enjoyed that once he got going. But coming in me had me really angry.
"Pack up your stuff and fuck off out of here,,,,NOW." I yelled.
He packed up and as he was leaving he turned and said.
"I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me."
As he left, I realised that I didn't know his name or where he lived. All I had was a phone number.
I'll keep the number in case I'm really in need of cash. I'll use some of today's cash to buy some condoms.
It was a tense wait until my period arrive and a great relief that I'd dodged a bullet.