Growing up in Southern California was wonderful. I spent a lot of time at the beach when I was growing up. And as I got older the beach became a destination for hanging out with friends during the day and at night. There is something about the scent of the air, the sound of the waves that's so relaxing. And when you're in love, the beach can be so romantic. And hot.
When I was 18 I started dating Steve, who I met in my biology class. I noticed him the first day of my freshman year in college. He was tall, had green eyes, brownish-red hair and had quite a muscular build; so very attractive. He was studying Criminal Justice and I was studying Nursing. The chemistry between us was palpable. I felt the back of my neck get hot and my nipples get hard every time I saw him. I did not have a lot of experience in high school with boys, I was popular and dated some, but never found the "right one" to give myself to.
Steve asked me out and after a few dates, we became inseparable. We spent many hours parked in his truck making out and learning all kinds of new things about each other's bodies. We were both virgins when we started dating. Eventually, we succumbed to our temptations and had sex. Once we started, it was like we couldn't be satiated. We were young, in love and horny all the time.
I had masturbated most of my teenage life, but sex with someone else was amazing. I learned so much about cock from him. He was blessed in that area, his cock was long with this amazing mushroom shaped head that was thicker than his shaft. I loved it. He introduced me to a whole new world and I couldn't get enough.
It was Saturday night and we were going to the movies and to dinner, at least that is what he told me. We really were headed to the beach to have a romantic evening there. We listened to our favorite music as we drove up the 101 to Ventura with the windows down. We liked to go to the beach by the pier. There was a little light, from the lamps on the pier, so you could at least see around you if someone was walking by, but it was dark enough to have privacy, or so I thought. Once we had arrived, Steve removed a blanket and a couple of California coolers. We took off our shoes and walked closer to the ocean until we found a spot to set our blanket down. It was a great summer night, cool with a nice breeze. Between the wine coolers and the atmosphere, it wasn't too long until Steve and I were kissing and fondling each other.
The week before was the first time I had ever been "on top" and I loved having control while I was fucking him. It was also the first time I realized I was multi orgasmic. I had three orgasms with that first time and was in heaven. The only reason I didn't keep going was because Steve couldn't hold it back any longer and came before I could get the next one going.
As Steve and I were kissing, I realized that we didn't have another blanket to cover us when we got naked. I said something to him and he said "its ok it's dark, no one can see us." We began taking each other's clothes off and I stopped him. I stood up and decided to give him a show. I slowly took off my bra (he had already removed my shirt). And let my large breasts free. The cool breeze made my nipples hard immediately and the breeze moving across them turned me on. I felt so empowered being out in the open. I was kneading my breasts and playing with my nipples as I looked into his eyes. He loved my large breasts.
I then began to remove my shorts and panties; slowly I moved my hips side to side and slid them down my legs. I bent over as I slid them all the way down and looked up to find him already naked and stroking his hard cock. What a turn on! This was all so new to me and it was so hot.
Just then I heard a young male voice yell from the pier "get it girl!" I immediately dropped to the sand, embarrassed. I couldn't believe someone could see us. We couldn't see them, as the pier was dark in certain places. I wanted to put my clothes back on but Steve stopped me and convinced me to stay (young boys and their coercive ways).
He started to kiss my neck and suck on my ear lobe which was all he had to do to make me forget about our onlookers. He was working his way down my neck to my large breasts and began sucking on my hard nipples. With each turn of his tongue, my sex became wetter and wetter. I let out a deep moan. He continued down my stomach to my already hot and wet pussy. My whole body was on fire as I began to guide him and show him exactly where I wanted his tongue and fingers. He was an eager partner and always aimed to please me. I didn't want to cum just yet from all the attention he was giving me with his mouth. I was looking forward to riding that young hard cock of his that I was growing to love more and more. I sat up and guided him down on his back. I began kissing his mouth fully with mine while I found his cock with my hand and began stroking it slowly and softly at first, paying special attention to that juicy head.
He reached over and grabbed my supple breasts. We both moaned as our tongues were entwined and my hand began moving faster. The pre cum on the tip of his cock began to ooze. I had already become fond of the taste. I immediately moved my lips down his chest, to his stomach, licking all the way down until my mouth met the top of his cock. His hips began to thrust and meet my lips as I took his entire manhood into my mouth and deep into my throat. (I had also discovered I don't have a gag reflex, which came in handy). As I kept focusing on the task at hand, the thought of someone watching no longer embarrassed me, I felt more turned on when I thought of someone else enjoying what we were doing. Quickly, he took my head between his hands and made me stop. "I don't want to cum yet." Starting and stopping was something that happened a lot while he was learning how to control his dick. But I didn't mind, it was kind of hot, because it helped keep the intensity up.
I asked him if I could ride him again like last week, and with a big grin he said yes. I sat on the tip of his cock moving slowly up and down so only the tip was right at the tight seal of my wet pussy. I loved feeling that resistance over and over, up and down. Finally he couldn't take it and grabbed my hips and thrust upward and brought me down onto his entire cock. We stayed there and I began to grind back and forth moving my hips while his cock was as deep as it could go inside me.
I then heard a boy yell "ride it!" That was all I needed as I rocked back and forth. My large breasts bouncing as I moved. He reached up and began pinching my nipples gently. I felt an orgasm churning deep inside my pelvis. It was a rush of heat and wetness as I threw my head back and moaned loudly "argh, yes, yes!" That feeling of ecstasy took over my entire being as I closed my eyes, rocking and squeezing his cock tighter inside me. My orgasm seemed more intense that time; I am not sure if it was because I felt someone watching me, or because we were at the beach, or all of it. As it subsided I returned back to the present and looked down and realized Steve had cum at the same time I did, unable to control himself while he watched me cum all over his cock. Our eyes met and we grinned knowing that our night was just beginning. That was the first time I had done it out in the open, knowing that someone else was watching us and I loved every minute of it.