Chloe and Allen Ch. 02 (Chloe and Allen peek and show more)
This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
There are daddy/daughter themes throughout this story. If that's not your thing, you may want to move on.
This is Chapter 2. I recommend reading Chapter 1 first.
Note this is also a slow build. No couple paragraphs of exposition followed by pages of sex scene here. Go elsewhere on this site for that. In the end, this is probably more of a love story. One I hope you enjoy. Since this is my first-ever story, constructive feedback is most welcome! Emphasis on "constructive," of course. Here we go...
The tension was building, separately, for both of them. Chloe and Allen both had erotic feelings for each other but hadn't acknowledged them. Well, out loud, at least. Certainly not to each other. Certainly not in words. But they continued to play the games they played, flashing and peeking, and they continued to never break the spell by admitting that either one was doing so. One of the problems for Chloe, of course, was that Allen was her father. One of the problems for Allen was that Chloe was his only, precious daughter.
How it all began for Chloe the voyeur
Chloe woke well rested. She was slightly confused but mostly excited after yesterday's adventures with her Daddy. She slowly brought her left hand to her breast over her Daddy's t-shirt she was wearing and the other hand down between her legs, slipping inside the loose legs of her sleep shorts to rub herself over her blue-panty clad pussy. These shorts and her panties were what started it all yesterday. She caressed herself lightly while pinching her sensitive left nipple. She groaned quietly as her right hand strayed across her pussy to the right edge of her panties, moving beyond the pink lace edge to the sensitive area where her leg met her groin. "My Daddy touched me here last night," she thought dreamily to herself and traced her fingers up and down along the path his fingers had followed. She shuddered and smiled at the memory. Those hands she had always loved to hold. Those hands that gave the best shoulder massages or "foots and calves." And now...the fingers that excited her a bit. He only did it once. She wondered if she could get him to do it again.
But today's main experiment was a different type. Chloe stopped caressing herself as she remembered her next research project required that she not be already excited. She had felt her Daddy's hard penis under her last night and had seen the huge wet spot their play had caused in his shorts. She wondered if she could find a way to see his penis in the flesh ("pun intended," she giggled to herself). It was a purely scientific desire, certainly, to answer the question of whether seeing it would cause her to get excited without any other stimuli in play.
But how? She hadn't ever seen her Daddy's naked penis before. But of course, she hadn't been trying. There were times, naturally, she could tell it was there in his pants or shorts, especially if they were soft or loose and he had a little swing going. But she had never given it much thought. There may have even been opportunities to see something more, but she had never looked. She was sure going to start paying more attention now!
Chloe knew her Daddy slept naked. The master bathroom had the best shower, so everyone in the family used it. Many times, she had gone to or from her shower while he was sleeping or sitting in bed reading. Any visible arm, leg, or torso never had clothes. Would it be as easy as just peeking into her Mommy's and Daddy's bedroom? She might as well start there. In bare feet so she didn't make too much noise, she crept out of her room and down the hall to the bedroom where she was made 18+ years ago.
She crept up to the closed double doors of the bedroom. She listened a moment and heard no noise. How would she get a peek in? She considered her options carefully and decided she could pretend she was going to take a shower. She went back and grabbed her towel from her room and tossed it over her shoulder. She decided to ease the door open in case she was lucky enough to find him sleeping with her target exposed. If he was awake and saw her, she could just pretend she was going slowly so as not to wake him. She'd then be committed to taking a shower, but so be it! She turned the right doorknob carefully and eased the door open. She knew that door would give her the correct angle to see toward her Daddy's side of the bed. She first saw crumpled sheets, and as she opened the door more, she discovered...and empty bed. Of course it wouldn't be that easy! She opened the door the rest of the way and stepped into the bedroom.
That's when she noticed the master bathroom light on through the slightly-open door at the end of the bedroom wall to her right. She looked around to be sure she was alone (she wasn't sure where either parent was at this point) and crept toward the bathroom door. As she silently reached the open door she peeked through...and nearly shrieked!
Allen had woken up after a fitful night's sleep. He was hoping for a clearer mind in the morning after a good rest, to put the previous day's unintentionally erotic adventures with his daughter into perspective. What he woke to instead was a painful staff of morning wood. Had he remained super hard all night? Last night had gotten him harder than ever before, but he decided not to jerk off out of respect for the fact that the erection was caused by his daughter and his illicit though very exciting views of her. It seemed that particular consideration could no longer continue. He had to relieve the intense pressure that had built up and apparently stayed with him all night! Afterward, he could think more rationally about what had happened yesterday and what to do about it.
Allen reached down and grabbed his hard cock in his right hand. He noticed there was already a wet spot on the sheets. Had he leaked overnight? Probably, as heated as he was. As he stroked down and up once, a large amount of pre-cum leaked out the tip and coated his helmet and fingers. Wow! This wasn't going to take long at all. To avoid making a mess in bed, he quickly jumped up and ran to the bathroom. He flipped the light on and gave a half-hearted swing to close the door with his left hand. His concentration was on the immense pleasure he was feeling in his cock as he stroked it. Unbidden but not unexpected, the scenes from yesterday entered into his mental theater. He closed his eyes to give a darker background to the sexy visions and gave in to the temptation to jerk off to erotic images and memories of his own daughter, crossing a line he had hoped to avoid but clearly could not. He stroked to the initial vision of her pink panties on the couch. He leaked pre-cum and spread it up and down his rock-hard shaft to the sight of her fully-exposed, panty-clad crotch in her bed, the panties slipped slightly inside her delicious (how would he know? presumably delicious, then) pussy slit. He nearly came upon recalling the view of her lacy bra holding her perfect breasts with their nearly-visible areolas and nipples.
He heard a noise on the other side of the bathroom door. His eyes sprung open, and he saw an eye at the crack where he had unintentionally left the door open. Someone was watching him! Who? There were only two possibilities, and it certainly wouldn't be Kathy. Wait, Kathy wasn't even home. It had to be Chloe! What was she doing there? More importantly, what was he going to do about it? In the brief moments it took to realize and then assess his situation, he decided to do nothing and continue as he was. He was too far gone to care, and there was no way he could stop at this point, anyway. Maybe she would go away. Maybe she was there on purpose...could it be possible? Very unlikely. He cracked his eyes open a slit to look out the door again, so his secret watcher wouldn't realize he knew she was there. His daughter's beautiful, green, curious eye was still there, focused on his cock. Holy fuck, he was masturbating to thoughts of his daughter, and now that same daughter was watching him do it! Fuck. Fuck! FUCK! That was too much. He closed his eyes tightly as all the visions slammed into his head at once, everything from yesterday piled together with the one beautiful, green eye through the door. He pumped hard and strong one more time and began gushing the most intense orgasm of his entire existence. The first release reached completely over the sink in front of him and splattered on the mirror. It wasn't until the third spurt that his jism started going into the sink. As he kept stroking, he continued to cum hard, and his legs started getting weak. He held onto the counter with his left hand as he pumped several more times and then, at last, eased out the final few strokes as his right hand finally finished emptying his balls into the sink. That had felt freaking amazing! Breathing hard, he opened his eyes and looked at the door.
There was nobody there. He opened the door and looked into the master bedroom. It was empty. Did he imagine being watched? Doubtful. Whoever was there (It had to be Chloe. But why? Was she horrified?) had left at some point before or during his lengthy orgasm. The post-orgasm doubts and guilt then hit. More like slammed into him. He cleaned up his prodigious mess and got back into bed to consider his circumstances.
OMG, thought Chloe, that's it! Daddy's cock was right there in front of her! And it was hard! And he was...OMG he was stroking it! Not only did Chloe catch a view of her Daddy's penis, she caught it hard and wondrous and in her Daddy's own warm hand as he stroked it. And it was beautiful indeed! She stared intensely at his gorgeous penis. "His cock," she thought. "Especially when this hard, it's a cock!" It was leaking pre-cum and her Daddy was spreading it all along the length of it as he stroked his amazing cock. She suddenly looked up at his face realizing she might get caught, but he fortunately had his eyes closed. She stared one more time at his cock, burning the image into her memory. She wanted to be able to pull up that image forever! Then she quietly slipped away. As she was almost out the bedroom door, she heard a satisfied groan from her Daddy and wondered if he was cumming. She smiled that he was happy and quietly closed the door and ran back to her room. She closed her own door and jumped under her covers.
Chloe slowly rose in her bed and sat, propped up against her pillow. Success! Another experiment was a complete success. "Maybe I should become a scientist," she giggled to herself. She was surprised how easy it was to catch a glimpse of her Daddy's penis, since she had never seen it before. She hoped it was that easy in the future, she realized, as she now definitely wanted to see it again. It was so amazing! So perfect, as she knew it would be. The length, the girth, the veins, the color, the gorgeous helmet at the top. Even his balls hanging in their sack. She realized in hindsight that he was completely shaven down there. Yikes! Not even she completely shaved. She idly wondered why and knew she'd seek to find out. She wanted to see it all again, whenever she could, as much as she could. She found herself wondering if she could find a way to see her Daddy cum. She had probably just missed that opportunity! She hoped there'd be others. She also wondered what it would look like in all its states. She bet it would still be beautiful to her when soft instead of hard and at any stage of excitement in between. She vowed to herself to find out all those things. But she couldn't let her Daddy know she was pursuing such views! She had no idea how he would react, and she didn't want to cause him any stress or strain just for her own enjoyment. She loved him too much for that. She would need to be sneaky...and observant.
As the final part of her research, the main purpose of the experiment, she reached down to her panty-covered crotch. As she knew they would be given the exhilaration she felt, her panties were once again completely soaked! Therefore, the scientific conclusion of her research was that yes, indeed, her Daddy's penis did excite her all on its own, independent of the separate excitement she felt when exposing herself to him. In such a short time, she had discovered many avenues to erotic excitement associated with her Daddy. And she couldn't make him aware of any of them! She hoped she could continue with some of the fun of both types without driving her Daddy or herself too crazy.
She sat back more comfortably against the pillow as her hand continued to stroke her soaked, blue panties while she thought about all the exciting things she had experienced "with" her Daddy since yesterday. She pulled the panties aside with her left hand, as she dove into her pussy with her right. She was so wet! She licked her juicy fingers (yum!) and stuck one, then two of them deep into her pussy as she pumped in and out, her pussy slurping at her fingers as she did. She wondered what her Daddy's cock would feel like in there. But she immediately shut that thought down! That was impossible. It was enough to make her gush a bit more, though, and she slurped the delicious excess off her fingers and then attacked her clit, furiously rubbing herself to a shattering orgasm, with visions of her Daddy's beautiful cock in her mind's eye. She continued rubbing through three separate aftershocks and finally stopped, spent.
When she finally came down off the peak, she removed her panties and used what little dry sections were left to wipe herself clean. She gave the inside of the crotch a lick and sucked at her yummy juices there before tossing the pair into the hamper on top of her soaked, pink panties from yesterday. Chloe realized she had gotten yet another pair of panties very wet. "Maybe I should just stop wearing them," she giggled to herself jokingly, as she pulled on her third pair of panties in under 24 hours. She was fairly selective in her choice of what to wear.

How it all began for Allen the exhibitionist
Allen sat in bed considering his fate. He was still naked, and his traitorous dick was finally soft. He thought long and hard about everything that had happened. Was he the worst father ever? He loved is daughter so much, and he definitely never wanted to harm her. He had read studies of curious daughters seeing their fathers naked, and the conclusion was it could be healthy if there was no sexual intent or abuse involved. But those stories were of much younger girls in incidental situations. (Then there were also family nudists whose lifestyle seemed completely healthy to Allen.) The tales were definitely not of an 18-year-old young woman and her father. But he thought back to everything that happened and couldn't detect the harm, both in him seeing her panties and in her seeing his dick, though the jury was still out on that one. He was still pretty sure Chloe wasn't aware of how much she was on display, but he thought it might be more embarrassing to point it out to her. He would have to be sure he paid attention that it didn't occur in the wrong situations, assuming it even happened again at all.
Then there was her eye at the bathroom door. He hadn't done anything to make that happen. Why was she there? Was she now freaked out? Horrified? He would have to see what her reaction was as they eventually met up with each other downstairs for breakfast. He knew his wife had gone out for her usual Sunday breakfast with her girlfriends, so breakfast at home was going to be just him and his precious baby girl.
He realized he could still think of her as his precious baby girl. That was something!
Maybe he could see if he sensed anything awry at breakfast. And if not, perhaps he could test the waters to see if she might have looked intentionally. Or might want to again. He definitely didn't want to call her out on it if she was looking! He'd just have to be aware of her reactions. Maybe he could somehow engineer an optional display, where she would have to choose to position herself to see anything. It was time to go eat.
...
Chloe could smell the bacon from the kitchen all the way up in her room with the door closed. Mmmm! Bacon! Yay, Sunday breakfast! Daddy usually made them breakfast on Sundays, and it was always delicious! Her favorite was his special scrambled eggs and bacon. (She didn't think he did anything different to make them. She just thought of them as "special" because he was the one making them.)
She put her shoulder-length brown hair into a messy bun and bounced down to the kitchen in his t-shirt and the same shorts from last night. She also wore the same lacy bra, which had immediately become her new favorite, and her selected pair of panties.
She came up behind her Daddy at the stove, yelled "incoming!" and leapt onto his back. She wrapped her arms around his neck from behind and pulled her knees up onto his hips in a reverse bear hug.
"Whoa! Hot stove!" her Daddy laughed as be backed away from the counter. Oops! She hadn't really thought about that in her joy at seeing him, so it's a good thing he didn't burn anything! He reached down and grabbed the underside of each bare leg to hold her up on his back and spun her around in circles in the kitchen. She kissed him repeatedly on the back of his neck and shoulders and squealed as she flew around the room on her Daddy ride. He always smelled so good! They had been doing this since before she could remember. Fortunately, she was petite enough, and he was strong enough that they still could.
For his part, Allen always loved when he was pounced on by Chloe. And he convinced himself it was perfectly reasonable that he now noticed the smoothness of her strong, supple legs in his hands and the soft cushions against his back that were her two perfect breasts, separated from him only by two of his t-shirts and presumably a bra.
Chloe was finally let down lightly to the floor and swiftly moved to her Daddy's front and aimed a finger at his belly. "Poke!" she giggled and attacked. Her Daddy took a step as if to chase her, and she ran away giggling with glee. Then he headed back to the stove and asked with a chuckle that he be allowed to prevent breakfast from burning. That seemed like a good idea, so she left him alone. For now.
Chloe sat down at the kitchen table with an adoring smile and watched her Daddy's strong back as he put the finishing touches on breakfast. She loved him so! Then she had an idea and pulled her chair away from the table a bit, so she was facing him almost directly, turned slightly to the left so her right side was a hair toward him.She raised her right leg and put her foot on the chair. She rested her chin on her right knee, in what she hoped looked like a nonchalant pose. Then she reached between her legs to check and adjust just how much of a gap was being created there and separated her legs a little. She calmed her breathing as best she could. Just a little tease, to gauge his reaction on this new day.
At the counter, Allen was almost finished with the scrambled eggs and bacon feast, and he turned off the stove. As he began plating the food, he reflected on Chloe's attitude this morning. She was just as bubbly, carefree, fun, and loving as always, if not more so! So, seemingly no damage was done. And like him, she clearly didn't want to talk about anything that happened, to the extent she was aware of any of what occurred. She didn't even seem ready to talk about the bathroom incident, which he took as a clear sign he shouldn't raise it either and embarrass her.
So maybe he should put his new, rough plan into action and test the waters. He was in a pair of his favorite, old, comfy sleep shorts. They had soft, loose material at the leg holes, which might come in handy later. But for this plan, the fly on the shorts would be all that was needed. He subtly reached into the fly and pulled his dick to the opening. The fly slit was fairly long and was just a hole with no buttons or anything. He placed the head of his dick facing down against the bottom, horizontal seam, and he hid it behind the left flap of the fly placket but in front of the right flap, tucking that flap behind his penis. That way, anyone looking from the left would see shorts only. Anyone looking from the right would see his dick lying in the opening of the fly. He convinced himself it could seem accidental, and he hoped he was right!
Not wanting to push things too quickly, he picked up the plates and turned to his left, so his left side was what Chloe saw turning toward her, nothing visible. Did she glance at his crotch? He wasn't sure. As she lazily sat with her foot on the chair and her chin on her knee, she looked up at him a bit dreamily.
And then he almost dropped the plates.
Chloe thought these panties might quickly also become her favorites, since they were the light-green, lacy panties that matched her sexy bra Daddy seemed to like so much last night! She made sure a nice amount of lace was on display for him. She had adjusted her shorts so they just covered her pussy lips from the right side. It would be a bit much--given how semi-sheer they were--to show more!
Allen recognized the lace that was peeking out of his precious daughter's shorts as the same kind of lace on the sexy bra he had such a fabulous eyeful of last night. He stared, trying to tell if he could see enough toward the center that her pussy might be somewhat on display like the beautiful, brown tips of her breasts had been. He couldn't, but it was oh so close!
Yikes! He felt like he was starting to get hard. That was not part of the plan! He quickly put the plates down at the table and turned back to get the juice glasses (apple juice, her favorite!). At the counter, he realized that in his haste he had just mistakenly turned to his left again when moving away from the table. Doing so while facing her, of course, meant his right side was turned toward her as he completed the circle on his way back for the juice. Right in front of her face. Uh oh!
"It's Daddy's penis!" Chloe exclaimed to herself, so soon after seeing it in the bathroom. Her Daddy's shorts had some kind of wardrobe malfunction, and his penis was visibly nestled in the fly. He had no idea! She didn't see it at first. But as he turned away to get the juice, his shorts were right in front of her, and she got a clear view of her new favorite part of her Daddy. She could have reached out and grabbed it if she were quick enough before he headed away. (And if that weren't such a very bad idea!) She wasn't sure if it was totally soft or somewhere in between, but it was a very pleasing size. And she still thought it was simply beautiful, even when it wasn't all hard and excited looking like before. She smiled in love for her Daddy.
Allen turned (to the left!) with their juices and looked at his daughter. Her lovely face looked dreamy again, her chin resting on her raised knee. Maybe she was thinking of something else or distracted and didn't even notice! Or maybe that was his baby girl's reaction to seeing his dick. Ha! He shouldn't fool himself. The former was much more likely.
But her sexy, lacy, light-green panties were still on display, and the sight continued to have the expected effect on his dick. He hurriedly placed the glasses on the table, sat in his seat, and pulled himself in under the table. Chloe always sat on the side of the square table to his left vs. directly across from him. She slowly turned her chair toward the table (or perhaps it had only seemed to take minutes to Allen, for whom time had slowed down again). She leaned her right knee out away from the chair and gave a little stretch before slowly moving her foot off the chair and pulling in under the table.
"Did he see anything more?" Chloe wondered with an inward, mischievous smile.
Whoa! Allen didn't know if he just saw what he thought he saw. Her stretch was quick, and the extended view lasted mere seconds at most, time slowdown or no. But he could have sworn her shorts gapped widely enough (for a few enchanting moments) that her pussy lips were slightly visible behind the green lace of the panties. God! The sight and the thought greatly accelerated the speed of his erection.
It's a good thing he was pulled under the table, because the whole plan he had with the fly while standing up had a surprising and unexpected consequence when he sat down. His hardening dick had fully popped out of this fly, and it was now growing straight up, outside his shorts, under the kitchen table.
They both tried to fall into their natural chatting ease while eating breakfast. But Chloe also seemed a little distracted for some reason. And Allen certainly wasn't in his normal state! But their years of talking at all times in all situations meant neither was too far off kilter, and they managed to hold a conversation together, even if only barely. It's a good thing, because Allen found himself getting lost in his daughters gorgeous, green eyes, how they were filled with life and love. And for the first time ever, he considered her lips in ways beyond how he should think of them for a daughter. They had always been lips for kissing him on the cheek or quick pecking goodnight on Daddy's mouth. Now he watched them as she spoke, noticed the perfect shape and size of them, their softness, how they curved into her engaging smile, and he imagined kissing them as a lover, licking across them lightly, and sticking his tongue between them as she did the same into his mouth. ("Stop!" he told himself. That's another line and a big one. Don't go there. And seriously, you need to think of something like baseball or whatever and get your dick under control and back into your shorts before standing back up.)
Chloe made a particularly vigorous gesture with her right hand while making a point in the conversation, and the fork she was holding slipped. "Oops!" she said as her fork dropped onto the floor. She leaned over and slowly picked it up. As she sat back up, her face was flushed, but she continued the conversation as if nothing had happened. Had she seen anything? He was rock hard under the table still.
Yummmmmmmy! Chloe thought that was probably too obvious a trick, but she couldn't think of anything else more subtle to allow her to steal a glance under the table. Maybe she pulled it off. She had been wondering how he might have reacted to the lacy panty shot she offered him and needed to do some research. She was right! He was fully hard under the table. That was so hot! She didn't understand why it was out on display, since she was just expecting to see a hard lump in his shorts like he had last night. But she'd certainly take it! The extra and special view of his gorgeous cock made this the best breakfast date with her Daddy ever! She was so happy she could make him feel horny and excited like that. It made her feel sexy, and it made him just that much more lovable. She tried very hard not to react but could feel her face flush. She also subtly put her hand into her lap and ran her finger under her panties and over her slit. She was quite a bit wet by now, she was not at all surprised to discover!
Chloe put her finger in her mouth and licked it off with a smile. Allen wondered why and assumed she was just sucking at the bacon grease on her fingers. They both definitely liked their bacon!
Allen didn't know what to do about his predicament. His cock was as hard as ever, and the meal would soon be ending. He reached under the table to confirm his state, and not only was he hard, he was leaking some serious pre-cum. He carefully massaged the river of pre-cum onto and around his cock, to prevent it from forming a wet spot on his shorts. God, that felt good! But holy crap, he realized. He was practically jerking off in front of his precious baby girl. If she knew, she'd be horrified!
Was Daddy playing with his hard cock under the table? Chloe giggled a bit to herself at the exciting realization. He was trying to be subtle, but knowing what she knew about how hard his exposed cock was under the table, she could think of nothing else he might be doing with his hand under there. She wanted to watch, but even her newly-devious mind couldn't come up with a plausible way to pull off that research project right now. She vowed to find a way some day.
The meal was over, and Chloe reached over to clear her Daddy's plate, fork, and juice glass along with hers. She idly wondered what he was going to do about his exposed cock.
"Thank you, dear," Allen said. He always appreciated how quick Chloe was to help around the house, including something as simple as clearing everyone's dishes after a meal. "Uh, could you please get me the Sunday paper? I think I'll take a stab at the Times crossword."
"Sure thing, Daddy-o" Chloe quipped with a big smile. She knew how much he liked doing the Sunday crossword.
Chloe grinned broadly and appreciated her Daddy's creativity to buy himself some time. She got him the newspaper and a pen. As he unfolded the sections and turned to the crossword, she stepped around behind him. She knew she was wet and didn't want to soak yet another pair of panties, so she reached inside the baggy leg of her shorts and pulled the crotch of her lacy panties all the way to the left side, so her leaking pussy slit was no longer inside them. Her fingers got wet in the process, and she licked them off. She hoped she never got tired of her own taste! Delicious.
Chloe then got a sexy urge, and with a mischievous smile, she stood directly behind her Daddy, just a foot or so back. She pushed her pussy forward a bit and pulled her shorts leg completely aside, fully exposing her wet and puffy pussy to her Daddy's back. If only he knew what was right behind him! She could never be so bold as to do this directly to his face, but it was extremely exciting even doing it behind his broad Daddy back. She reached down and slid her fingers up and down her slit and pulled a thick amount of her pussy juice onto them. She licked it off, almost groaning. She played with her clit a bit (right behind her Daddy!) and had to stop quickly, since she was very much on edge by now. It was probably a good idea to step away before she went too far.
But she had one final, devious thought. She stuck two fingers inside herself and got them nice and wet. Then she brought her hand to her mouth and smeared her pussy juice thickly on her lips.
"I'd better get ready to head out, Daddy!" Allen heard his baby girl say behind him. She reached around with both arms and gave him a tight squeeze. He always loved her hugs, even from behind with a chair between them. Chloe then brought her head around and kissed him hard and wet on his left cheek, smearing her lips around to cover his cheek with her saliva.
"Nice call, waterfall!" he responded with a laugh, his usual response when she did that to him. "A little extra wet today, don't you think?" He leaned his head back and grinned up at her.
"Extra special and extra wet for you, Daddy," she replied, somewhat cryptically. "And as always, no fair drying it off!" she giggled.
He asked where she was headed. "Going to the mall with Amanda," Chloe replied.
"OK, champ!" Allen offered and went back to his puzzle. Much as he liked to be the one to shop with his best girl, it was probably a good thing for her to head out for a while, so he could spend at least part of his day without a hard-on!
Chloe hadn't even arranged to shop with Amanda but was sure she could get her to go. She had decided she wanted some new outfits, and this was definitely a shopping trip her Daddy couldn't be invited on! Earlier, Amanda was the main person who had egged them all on to get a sexy bra and panty set. Even though she was Chloe's best friend, and they usually shared absolutely everything, Chloe certainly didn't plan to admit to Amanda the real reason she needed more sexy clothes. She knew she could entice her girlfriend to get some of her own, however, and make an adventure out of it.
Chloe went to her room and called Amanda. The plan was easily set! Her girlfriend said she'd drive and would be there in 45 minutes to pick her up. That was enough time to jill herself off to another much-needed orgasm and then take a quick shower.
While doing the crossword, Allen played with his cock a bit under the table, so it was not going down at all. So much for the puzzle being a way to get his erection to subside! He wasn't making much progress on the answers, either, since he was pretty excited from breakfast. He closed his eyes to what he was fairly sure was the image of his daughter's pussy lips through her lacy panties. And he stroked to the knowledge she had very likely seen his cock (again?) and didn't freak out! That part hadn't quite gone according to plan, but it seemed to work out. He'd have to improve his technique.
Allen heard the shower turn on. His daughter would be completely naked in his bathroom. He gave his cock another stroke. He was excited enough to consider nudging at another line. His cock agreed! He made a quick plan and put his pen down.
Allen snuck into his own bedroom. It was unreasonable to assume the bathroom door would be wide open, as his erection-addled brain had daydreamed on the way up the stairs. It wasn't, of course. He snuck to the door and looked all around it to see if there was any way to see into the bathroom through any crack or hole. But there didn't seem to be any weakness in its defenses. So he took the bold (and crazy) step of slowly turning the doorknob and easing the door open a crack.
The mirror over the bathroom sink provided a perfectly-reflected view of the shower. The bathroom was heavy with steam, unfortunately, as were the shower's door and glass panels, so there wasn't much he could see. But there she was! His precious girl was fully naked just a few feet away, though he could only see his daughter's form as a shadow moving inside the steamy shower. He could discern the color of her hair as it contrasted with her pale skin. He also knew when she was facing the shower door, as he saw a blurry vision of two darker spots where her breasts would be and one lower where her trimmed bush would stand out against her creamy skin. It was all a steamy, shadowy blur, but his mind filled in imagined clarity and details on its own, and his right hand went back to his still-hard cock and stroked furiously.
That was another line crossed, but he just couldn't help himself! He had a moment of clarity, though, and realized how obvious it would be if Chloe noticed the cracked-open door. So he sadly eased it closed and stroked more to the memory of what he saw and what he imagined. Chloe was such a beautiful creature! He'd known that since she was born. But now, he was also quickly discovering the many sexy qualities she possessed as a young woman, and they naturally and easily fit into his overall sense of love he felt for his baby girl.
Did the bathroom door just close? Chloe wondered. She had been lost in her own thoughts after a shuddering orgasm, and she always enjoyed the multiple sprays in the master shower, covering her in warm water. (Like a waterfall, she chuckled to herself, as she thought back to her pussy juice smeared on her Daddy's cheek.) The bathroom was very steamy, but she was pretty sure she saw the door move. Naughty Daddy! Was he trying to sneak a peek? Heehee! He probably didn't see much with all the steam in the shower and on the glass. She usually forgot to turn on the bathroom fan. Bummer for Daddy, she giggled to herself. She'd have to remember next time. She again thought carefully and couldn't generate the slightest bit of unease about the discovery he had spied on her like that. Or tried to, at least. Her recent and strong attraction to exposing herself to him made any attempts of his to peep on her exciting, as well. Besides, she had just done the same thing to him earlier this morning!
The shower stopped. Allen would need to go somewhere. He couldn't very well stand outside the bathroom door with his raging cock in hand as his daughter walked out! He considered his options. He could go back to the kitchen and continue working the puzzle as if he never left it. That was probably smart. So of course he came up with a different plan.
Chloe dried herself off, caressing her own breasts as she did. She had always liked her breasts. They fit into her hands nicely, and her nipples were very sensitive. She gave each a tweak to remind herself just how true that was and was rewarded with two electric jolts straight to her pussy! She had better cut that out, since it was almost time for Amanda to arrive.
Until this shower, she had always walked dressed to the bathroom and brought her change of clothes with her to wear after. But in a fit of inspiration, she had decided this time to get naked in her own room and wrap herself in just her towel for the journey to and from the shower. She declared to herself it would be her new habit, at least when it was just Daddy in the house!
She didn't know if her Daddy was still in the bedroom, so she positioned the towel carefully. She wasn't ready for any direct boobie nor pussy exposure, though she thought that probably would come in time. The towel didn't do much to help avoid one or the other, though! But she found if she placed the top edge of the towel just over her areolas, like JUST over, then the bottom edge just barely covered her pussy, as well. The mirror was still steamed up, but she thought this was true, at least. With a devilish grin, though, she pulled on the fabric a bit from the front in such a way that the towel rode halfway up her butt. She didn't mind using that feature (which she was also pretty proud of) as a foray into direct skin flashing.
Of course, she didn't know if her Daddy was even out there. She opened the bathroom door to find out.
He wasn't in the master bedroom itself, but there was a light on in the walk-in closet directly across from the bathroom door, and the door was a few inches ajar. The doors to the two rooms faced each other, with a small alcove between them that was part of the bedroom. On the right just outside the bathroom door in the alcove (against what was the wall on that end of the bedroom) was a makeup counter for her Mommy, with a large mirror over it.
She stepped forward and stood outside the door. "Daddy? " she ventured.
"In here, precious!" her Daddy replied from inside the closet. "Just getting dressed for the day. Your mom with be home soon. Did you have a nice shower?"
"Yes! It's always so warm, and I love all the sprays," she replied as she looked around to see if there was a way to peek into the closet. She looked in the mirror on the wall, and it reflected into the closet, but she could only see the inside of the door, including the full length mirror hanging on the inner side. The angles were all wrong to see more deeply into the closet. She didn't want to lean to her right and look straight through the door, since she was sure the light would shine on her face, and she would be discovered.
"I'll be heading to the mall soon. Amanda is picking me up." she stated, as she leaned to her left to look at the side of the door where the hinges attached it to the door frame. Some light was coming through! Not much, but it might be enough. She leaned up to the crack and was rewarded with a thin but clear view into the closet.
Chloe gasped audibly. She could see her Daddy, and he was in the middle of getting dressed. He was currently putting on his shirt, pulling it over his head, so he couldn't see her if he wanted to. That gave her free reign to stare. And stare she did! He still didn't have any pants on, and his cock was huge and hard! Did that thing ever get soft? she wondered with a grin. It was gorgeous! She could see it even better than any time before, in the bright light of the closet, with her Daddy luckily facing directly toward her vantage point. With no hair to be found in the entire area (did he shave it? wax it?), she had a clear view of everything. Wait! He did have some hair, a furry patch right above his cock. How did she know he and she would be so in sync that they'd both keep a patch of hair in about the same spot? She felt her love for her Daddy deepen.
But everything else was on full and exciting display! She saw the details of the veins along the shaft. She saw the sexy sack that held his sensitive balls. She saw the beautiful helmet at the top and the slit at the very end where his pee or cum came out. His whole cock was super shiny like it was wet, and there was a drip hanging from the slit. Had he been rubbing his pre-cum on himself? If so, that was a lot of pre-cum, she thought proudly, as she considered her role in making it appear. She wanted desperately to lick the drip from the tip of her Daddy's cock. She wondered if it tasted as good as her own juices. She bet it tasted even better. (Stop it! she scolded herself. He's your Daddy. Showing and looking was one thing...well, two things. Touching was something else entirely!)
Her Daddy seemed to struggle a bit with the shirt and turned sideways as he continued to pull it down, so she also got a clear and exciting side view of her favorite Daddy appendage. She hoped she never got tired of seeing it. And she hoped she continued to have opportunities to do so. Though apparently it wasn't difficult, since she had already seen it three times this morning! Had it always been that available, and she just never noticed? She didn't think she was that unobservant. But she didn't want to look the proverbial gift horse in the mouth and think about it too much. She didn't want to jinx herself.
Her Daddy finally got his shirt down over his head and pulled it the rest of the way on. She backed away from the door before he could turn and see her. She wasn't sure if he could see her through the crack that was her viewpoint, but she decided not the take the chance.
While all this was happening, he had responded to her.
"OK, champ! Have a great time at the mall. See you later on. Shopping for anything in particular?" Allen asked. He wanted to keep the conversation going with his daughter on the other side of the door. He had checked angles and viewpoints and knew he could be seen only through the crack where the hinges were. She would have to actively decide to look in there, which was something he felt was important. If he was going to expose himself to her, he wanted an element of choice for her, so she could opt in or out of the playtime. He hadn't done so well with that at breakfast, so he was trying harder now!
Before she came out of the bathroom, he had stood in the closet jerking his cock, thinking about the fantastic shadow show he had just watched. He realized at the same time that Chloe's kissy saliva was still on his cheek. By rule, he hadn't dried it off, but it usually would have dried on its own by now. He reached up and scraped a little onto one finger. It was slimier than usual. He wondered why. Then he had a devilish idea and ran more fingers through it to get as much as he could and then rubbed his daughter's goo around his cock and worked it into his staff as he jerked some more, spreading what he thought of as his daughter's spit all over his pulsing cock. He was going to need to stop that if he was to move on to the next part of his plan. It would do no good to cum all over the closet floor!
Allen selected a shirt and started to pull it on over his head. As Allen heard his baby girl come out of the bathroom, he held the shirt around his head and pretended to have trouble with it, like it was twisted or something. He wanted to give Chloe time to see him without fear of discovery if she chose to look.
Then he heard her gasp. Right at the hinges! So, her face must be right up against the crack, and she must be looking in! There was nothing he could do about the incongruity of his cock being so hard if he was simply getting dressed. So, he decided to ignore that issue and take this chance. When he heard her gasp and realized she was choosing to look, his cock felt like it got even harder, and he felt pre-cum start to leak out again. He was a veritable pre-cum factory lately because of the exciting, sexy play with his daughter, inadvertent or not!
He stood there facing her for a second then turned and pretended to continue working with the shirt. As part of the fake struggling, he positioned one arm hole so that he could look out it unobserved toward the crack where his daughter would be. He could see her there (barely), staring intently at his cock! So exciting! He wanted so badly to grab it and pump it until he came, but that would be a bit obvious and ruin the façade that this was all unintentional.
"Nothing much in particular, Daddy. Maybe you'll get to see some of what I pick out later," she replied, with a double meaning he wasn't aware of. "I'd better go get dressed," she stated reluctantly. At this point, she already risked Amanda arriving before she was ready. She turned to head back to her bedroom.
Allen heard Chloe turn and start to walk away. Then it registered that she had just showered and said she had to go get dressed. She always got dressed in the bathroom after her shower. What did she mean by that? He quickly stepped to the front of the closet. He had to open the door more to get a view into the main bedroom from the hinge crack, but he was rewarded for his efforts. There, retreating toward the door to the hallway was his gorgeous daughter, a vision of perfection wrapped only in a towel, with her cute, naked, bubble butt partially on display and bouncing sexily as she went. Allen's eyes widened in excited surprise, and he grabbed once again for his cock, rubbing in the pre-cum that had dripped out earlier when he had realized his daughter was peeping at him. He furiously stroked his cock as Chloe turned the corner and exited the bedroom.
Once she was gone, he burst out of the closet and bolted to the bathroom sink, where he arrived just in time to spew another load of multiple spurts of cum while visions of his amazing baby girl swirled in his head.
As he came down from the high of jerking off to his daughter's naked ass, the rush of guilt came back again. He knew this wasn't normal. He still wasn't sure whether all this new exposure was intentional or just his blind luck, but he knew it thrilled him, and it probably shouldn't. He loved his daughter so much and didn't want to cause her any harm. Maybe he would need to talk with her about it, if he could find the right time and the right way. He shook his head to try to clear it. Yes, indeed, it was a good thing Chloe was going out for a while, so he could get his head (heads!) under control. He hoped she was buying baggy shirts and bulky sweats, he chuckled to himself. Of course, she would be just as beautiful to him even so.
He heard Amanda's car pull up outside. As he heard Chloe yell goodbye from downstairs, he also heard Kathy walking in as his daughter was leaving. OK, phew! Adventures over for now. Allen wondered when the next adventure would occur and what would happen (and how he would feel about it). There was even more left of this day itself. Could he be so lucky? Time would tell!