Judge Whitestone tapped his gavel repeatedly, as the crowd buzzed excitedly over what had just happened.
"Order in this court!" he demanded. "I will have order in this court!"
The noise died down and the judge continued.
"Due to the events we all just witnessed, I am calling a recess of one hour for lunch. Lady Bailiff, escort the defendant to the ladies' room and get her cleaned up and dressed. I want her wearing clothes when she gets back! And get someone in here to clean this mess up! Court is adjourned until 11:15!"
With that, he slammed his gavel authoritatively on his desk.
"All rise!"
The court arose as the judge exited the courtroom for his chambers. I watched as Lauren was escorted out by the female bailiff, who paused to grab her clothes from the judge's bench.
"Holy shit!" Chief Polanko exclaimed. "In all my years as a cop, attending court cases, I have never seen anything like that before, except in my airport."
"Do you think it helped or hurt her case?" I inquired.
"Well, I saw him jerking off behind the bench." the chief remarked.
"Me too." I added. "I don't think anyone else did though."
"Probably not." the chief observed. "They were all too busy watching your wife and wishing they were jerking off too! Speaking of your wife, let's go find her. Oh by the way, thanks for letting her gum me. It was incredible."
"I know. One reason I love her so much." I said with a smile.
"Lucky bastard."
We found Lauren standing in the hallway, swamped by radio, TV and newspaper reporters. Multiple mics were shoved in her face as she tried to answer the barrage of questions being fired at her like a battery of rockets.
"What was it like being nude in front of all of those people?"
"How many orgasms did you have?"
"Have you ever had sex in public?"
"Is it true you performed oral sex on all the male guests at your wedding reception?"
"Have you ever had sex with animals?"
Lauren looked at me and smiled.
"Just my husband." she cooed. "He's a total animal when he's with me."
"That's enough for now." I intervened, as I put my arm around my wife's waist and escorted her down the hall. "She'll give a full press release after the trial is over."
"We want to hear from you too, Jack!" a loud female voice bellowed. "We want to hear your thoughts on all of this!"
An hour later the court had reconvened, and now it was time for Lauren to testify on her own behalf. She looked absolutely beautiful in her business attire, as she sat with all the poise of a professional model. Chris approached her with his own line of questioning.
"Lauren, would you please tell me why you enjoy being nude so much?"
"Well, like I said before," she began, "I feel so free; so natural without any clothes on. I feel just as uncomfortable here wearing clothes as you would if you were naked. I hope that makes sense."
"Yes, it makes perfect sense." Chris replied. "Do you think that being nude is a privilege or a right, like say, wearing certain clothes?"
"Why yes." Lauren responded. "It's just as wrong to force someone to wear clothes as it would be to force them to be nude. People have the right to marry people of the same sex, or to change their gender identity."
She looked around the court before continuing.
"So why can't I have the right to be nude? Why should I be forced to wear clothes? I was born into this world as naked as a jaybird. If God had intended for me to wear clothes, I would have been born wearing pajamas."
A few lighthearted laughs could be heard, and the judge tapped his gavel lightly. Lauren continued:
"Being nude is a form of expression. Why isn't it covered under the First Amendment? Why should I be forced to wear clothes if I don't want to? I have the right to free speech. I have the right to express my views. Body art is free speech. My entire body should be considered free speech if I wish to express it."
"Here, here!" a voice called out.
Judge Whitestone tapped his gavel in response.
"Do that again and you're outta here! Continue, Ms. Newell."
"Your Honor, I have checked extensively, and there are no federal laws regarding public nudity." Lauren continued. "Those backwards and Draconian laws fall to the individual states and local municipalities for passage. It's legal to be nude on public lands, national forests and even some national parks that don't expressly forbid it themselves.
"The Founding Fathers specifically left this open because I feel they considered it part of the First Amendment as free speech. It's just that at the time, had they specifically included it, it would have met with backlash, so they left it as a gray area. It's time that people such as myself had the right to come out of the shadows - that gray area - and be allowed to function as freely and openly as a homosexual or lesbian or whatever, without fear of prosecution or reprisal.
"If I get up in the morning and decide to put on a pair of shorts and no top and go to the park, that is legal because this is a top-free state. But if I don't to put the shorts on it's illegal. That makes no sense whatsoever. The human body is not gross; it is beautiful. It is like a work of art, and like a work of art, our bodies were meant to be seen. I know that people will say there are those who you would never want to see nude, but we still see them oozing out of their shorts and tank tops during the summer and it's just as bad."
Her last remark elicited a few more giggles, but she continued.
"I feel that I did not break the law by being nude in the parking deck, as it was still on federal property. It also was not my intention to have an orgasm in the airport any more than I intended to have one in this courtroom here today. Because of this, I ask you to find me not guilty. I also ask that you consider my analysis of the law regarding nudity as well, and take the opportunity to rule in a manner that will set precedent for further interpretation of the law."
I'll have to admit, I was extremely impressed with my wife's knowledge of the law and ability to convey her opinions in such an articulate manner.
"Your Honor, I have made my case." Lauren declared. "It is my fervent hope that you will take all my words and actions into account when making your decision, and I throw myself upon the mercy of this court. That is all."
"Thank you, Ms. Newell." Judge Whitestone responded. "I take it then, that you do not wish for closing statements to be made?"
"No Sir, I just made them."
"Very well then. I will retreat to my chambers to review this case and all of the evidence. I will return when I have made my decision, to make a ruling regarding this case. This court is in recess."
"All rise!"
The judge left the courtroom, and several people stood up and left as well, most likely to make a report or use the restroom. Lauren returned and Ii stood to greet her.
"Great job, Babe!" I said enthusiastically. "You were terrific!"
"Thank you, Sir." she replied. "I took two years of Constitutional law at Pepperdine before I dropped out and transferred to Rutgers for a business major."
"Why am I not surprised?" I mused aloud. "One of these days, you and I are going to have to sit down and fill each other in on everything, okay?"
"Okay, Sir." Lauren said with a smile.
I noticed Cassandra approaching us, and she headed straight for Chris.
"Not bad, Honey." she greeted him as she planted a kiss on his cheek.
"Thank you, Shugs." he replied. "I love the way you got her to explode in front of everyone. Very clever."
"So was getting the judge to allow her to strip, and testify nude." Cassandra laughed. "I'd hate to go against you in a real case!"
"Am I missing something?" I inquired.
"Jack, this is my wife, Cassandra." Chris explained.
"I think I'm beginning to understand." I responded. "This whole thing was staged, wasn't it? You two were in on this together."
"Of course not!" Cassandra exclaimed indignantly. "That would be illegal!"
She and Chris suddenly burst out laughing.
"Excuse me." Lauren interjected. "Does this mean my heartfelt recitation was all for nothing? I really practiced that."
"Not at all." Chris replied. "From what I understand, there are a few lawsuits filed that Judge Whitestone is slated to preside over, regarding public nudity. As you opined, he may be able to use this case to set a precedent, but don't get too hopeful."
"Between you, me and the fence post, what are the chances the judge is going to rule positively for my wife?" I inquired.
"One hundred percent." Chris whispered. "It's just a matter of how far he goes."
"How far he goes?" I echoed.
"Yeah, if he-"
Chris was cut short.
"All rise!"
"Oh shit!" I exclaimed. "That was quick."
"I don't like this, Sir." Lauren said with a slight tone of trepidation to her voice. "I'm scared."
"It will be okay." I assured her, although I was probably reassuring myself just as much as I was her.
Judge Whitestone took a seat behind the bench.
"Be seated." he instructed.
We all sat down, wondering what the verdict would be. He hadn't been gone more than ten minutes, so I was a little nervous myself.
"I reviewed the evidence and testimony regarding this case and have rendered a decision." the judge began. "But before I issue a ruling, I have something to say.
"Ms. Newell, I want you to know that your heartfelt testimony and interpretation of the First Amendment did not go unnoticed. You made several good points that I feel were key to not only this case, but to pending cases before this court as well. Therefor, the ruling here today will reflect on several cases already in the system, and countless cases in the future. That said, you will stand before me as I pronounce my ruling in this case. Remember, you gave up your right to a trial by jury, so my decision is final. Do you understand?"
Lauren bowed her head submissively.
"Yes, Your Honor." she answered.
"The defendant will rise while judgment is announced."
Lauren stood shakily, and braced herself against the table in preparation for the judge's words.
"In the charge of public lewdness, this court finds you not guilty. I truly believe that situation was beyond your control."
Lauren let out an audible sigh of relief.
"As to the charge of indecent exposure, however, I do find you guilty of being nude in public under current statutes."
Lauren's legs weakened, and she struggled to stay standing.
"That said," he continued, "Keep in mind that I said current statutes. That is about to change. I reviewed case law in regard to free speech and do agree that you are correct. I am therefor issuing a separate ruling in this court, allowing certain persons who choose to lead a clothes-free lifestyle, to register legally as public nudists. You will fall under this category.
"However, I cannot let you off Scot-free. You were violating the law at the time, so it is my ruling that you will be placed on probation for a term of five years, during which time you will be registered as a mandatory public nudist and prohibited from wearing clothes in public, except under certain conditions. Upon completion of your probation, your record will be expunged and you will have the option to remain a registered public nudist on a voluntary basis if you so desire."
"Your Honor..." Lauren interrupted.
"Be quiet Ms. Newell. I am not finished speaking."
"But Your Honor!"
"Ms. Newell, if you interrupt me again, I will double your sentence!"
"But..."
"Ten years!" Judge Whitestone snapped.
"But Your Honor." Lauren implored.
"Fifteen years!"
"Your Honor!"
"Twenty years, and if you interrupt me one more time I'll make it life!"
"Fuck you!" Lauren screamed.
"That's it!" Judge Whitestone roared, slamming his gavel so hard that it broke. The head went flying through the air and wobbled to a stop on the floor. "Lauren Amy Newell, I hereby sentence you to life without the possibility of clothes; sentence to begin immediately! Bailiffs, take Ms. Newell to the center of this court and strip her bare! The only thing she'll be wearing when she leaves this court will be her high heels and her clit ring."
Three deputies approached; the female that had helped Lauren earlier, as well as two burly males. They dragged Lauren to the middle of the floor in between the two attorneys and the judge's bench, where the two males pinned her arms behind her back. The female deputy reached out and instead of unbuttoning her blouse, tore it open. Buttons popped and flew, as the woman pulled her blouse apart. The two male deputies each grabbed Lauren's collar on either side and began tearing the material from her body.
The court was completely silent, except for the sound of ripping fabric. Within seconds, her blouse was torn to shreds and cast to the floor. Lauren looked at me and smiled, as she was forcibly stripped in public.
Next, the female deputy slid her hands beneath the cups of Lauren's lacy bra and viciously ripped it in half, tossing the ruined bra next to her tattered blouse. This left my gorgeous whore standing topless in her skirt and heels. She then knelt in from of my wife and unzipped her skirt. She grabbed each side and with a violent tug, tore the skirt in half, leaving only Lauren's panties to go. They too, were ripped off in a few more seconds, leaving my beautiful wife completely nude, except for her dressy heels. Her clit ring twinkled brightly under the harsh lighting of the courtroom, and the deputies released her. One of them picked up the rags that just a minute ago had been her clothes, and dropped them in the trash can.
Lauren stood fully nude once again, in front of the packed courtroom. She looked at everyone and smiled, before turning around to face Judge Whitestone.
"Now," the judge barked, "what was so important that it couldn't wait?"
Lauren smiled broadly.
"I was only trying to say thank you." she explained. "I was so pleased with your ruling I just wanted to thank you, but this - oh my god - this is so much better. Thank you so much, Judge Whitestone."
The judge seemed mollified by her statement, so I had no idea of knowing if the additional time was planned or a spur of the moment addition. I wasn't complaining though, and neither was my wife! She was beaming; almost glowing, as she stood in front of the judge. This time, she was facing him and he was getting a full view of the goods.
"I have here, a list of your conditions." he finally said, trying to pry his eyes from her nude body. "As stated earlier, you are hereby prohibited from wearing clothing of any kind in public, except for a few exceptions which I will read later. You may wear clothing on private property and in private buildings, such as a membership-only nightclub. In essence, you may be clothed anywhere it is currently legal to be nude. Aside from that, you must be totally nude at all times, with the following exceptions:
"Number one, You may always wear shoes, gloves and a hat, in the event the weather is cold or you wish to dress up in a fashionable manner. On that note, if the temperature drops below 65 degrees, you may wear a tube around your middle, but your breasts and vagina must still be exposed. Below 60 degrees, you may wear clothing of some sort to keep warm, but in both cases, as soon as you enter a warm area such as a building, you must immediately undress. During the summer months, if you find yourself in a chilly air conditioned setting for a period of time - say at work or while visiting a hospital - you may wear the midriff tube, but again, your breasts and vagina must not be obscured. They must always be in full view of the public. As soon as you exit the building, you must once again be completely nude.
"The next partial exception deals with female issues. During that time of the month, you will be permitted to wear a mini skirt or short-shorts, but you must remain topless. If you feel your days are light, you may also use a tampon and some sort of stylish wraparound. If you feel you can go with the tampon only, that is also an option.
"Third, is a list of places or events where you will will permitted to be fully clothed, however, prior to entering and after leaving said event, you must remove your clothes. These locations or events include: weddings, funerals, church services and any school including preschool, school event or event where a number of children may be present, such as a circus, children s museum or a playground."
Judge Whitestone looked intently at Lauren's tits for a second, as if trying to keep a mental picture for future use.
"Do you understand these exceptions, Lauren?"
"Yes, Sir." she replied with a nod.
"Good. A notarized copy will be sent via registered mail to your address, so that you will have legal notice regarding all of this. Now comes the part you weren't expecting.
"It appears that you have a medical condition that requires you you to masturbate or have some sort of sexual fulfillment, to keep from spontaneously climaxing. Therefor, I am stipulating in this judgment, that you will be immune from prosecution of lewd or lascivious behavior if you engage in such an act in public, up to five times per day. This includes masturbation, intercourse, oral sex, or performing any of these acts on a willing participant."
Lauren raised her hand.
"Yes?"
"Does this mean I can perform oral sex on my husband in public?"
"Yes it does."
"May I do it now, while you continue?"
"That is your choice, but the answer is yes, Ms. Newell."
Lauren smiled and unzipped my pants, pulling them open. She set her teeth down and engulfed my penis with her warm, wet, toothless mouth. I sighed audibly, as she began sucking my dick in front of everyone. I tried to pay attention as the judge continued.
"Another item, Ms. Newell." he added. "This regards your name. I see you have not yet legally changed it from your maiden name to that of your husband. Since you have your mouth full and cannot comment, I will give you my final stipulation regarding this judgment. I am instructing you to change your legal name not to Lauren Horner, but to your stage name of Bo Dangles. This way, you can continue being called Miss Dangles. You will need to change all of the necessary paperwork, including your driver's license and tax ID to reflect that.
"Oh, two more things. First, any registered nudist will be required to wear an ID bracelet with all of their information, including their ID number at all times when nude. Since you are required to be nude at all times, you must therefor wear your bracelet at all times. You also have the option of having this information tattooed on your wrist like a bracelet, or another other part of your body if you so desire.
"Second, since you will not be wearing any clothes, you will need a place to keep personal effects, such as your keys. You may carry a purse or handbag, or you may wear one of those fanny packs. Also, if you go hiking, you will be allowed to wear a backpack or knapsack. The straps may cover your breasts, but once again, your vagina must always be in plain view. Now, you seem to have your mouth full at the moment, and cannot answer me. So if you understand everything I have just pronounced regarding your sentence and agree, please simply give me a thumbs up."
Lauren gave him the high sign, just as I came in her magical mouth. She swallowed it and popped her head back up.
"I understand, Your Honor." she addressed him, licking her lips and clicking her tongue on the roof of her mouth. "Would it be okay if I get that information inked on my pubes?"
"That would be perfectly acceptable. There is a ton of paperwork for you to sign, and a lot of money for you to spend, including court costs, name change and nudist registration. Please see the clerk of the court.
"One final word on this matter: Registered nudists shall be protected under the not only the First Amendment, but also under the National Civil Rights Act. No registered nudist shall be discriminated against, simply because he or she is nude. 'No shirt, no shoes, no service' shall not apply to registered nudists. If you feel you have been discriminated against just because you are unclothed, you may file a lawsuit just as any other protected class may do. That is all."
He tapped the broken handle of his gavel on his desk.
"This court is adjourned!"