This is the story of one very oversexed slut regaling tales of her sexploits with her online fuck buddy, who encourages her to be as slutty as possible, which she willingly co-operates with.
Date with the Doctor. (Lunch)
Right at this very moment I find myself all sexually excited, tingly and horny.
I've just this second hung up the phone and it's confirmed that my hot and horny fuck date with the Doctor will take place later tonight.
The telephone conversation did get quite lively and in no time we were discussing what would occur during the evening.
I've too go to his house all spiced up just for him and we'll fuck, suck, lick, grope, probe and swap bodily fluids for a few hours.
Hopefully I can meet up with you for more cock or at least email you all about it, as I know how much you like to hear how I was fucked.
I cock teased the living daylights out of him on the phone.
I told him that I've just re-shaved my pussy and that I'll be wearing black seamed stockings, tight black suspenders and spiked high heels.
All of which I will leave on especially for him when he fucks me tonight.
I told him that I was so desperate to feel him slowly slide his cock inside my pussy and that I was hungry to taste his cock and roll my tongue around his bulbous end.
That I was desperate to have his spunk trickle into my mouth.
That I would let his come slide down my throat as I swallowed every last drop.
I had the plastic life like cock inside my pussy when we were on the phone, and I let him have a listen to the cock buzzing away inside my shaved pussy.
You could hear the buzzing as my pussy slurped its juices all over the phallic sex toy.
It was obvious he was stroking his cock at this point, but I warned him to save all of his come for me as I had plans for it!
I've teased him so much that when we do fuck I don't think he'll last long!
But that's not really a problem; I just want some new cock inside me and to taste some fresh come.
I've wound him and myself up so much that I'll come like fuck anyway.
As soon as he enters me I'll be unleashing pussy juice all over his hard cock.
I don't particularly fancy or desire him as I should, but some new cock fucking me is very exciting.
The thought that I can report to you later and tell you all the sexy and sordid details fills me with lust.
He sounded quite nervous but really excited at the prospect of being inside me, so by 8.30 tonight my shaved pussy will be entered, filled and getting fucked.
I'll have a new cock thrusting my tight wet shaved pussy, fucking my cunt hole and feeling my sexual heat for the first time, along with some new fingers fondling my breasts and then pushing into my tight ass hole.
This is the strange thing but he doesn't really get me going as he should.
A new cock always makes me feel slutty and you know I like to feel slutty and you definitely know how much I love cock.
But I know full well that I can tease him to death, so all in all everyone's a winner.
I met him earlier today for lunch to see if we would get on and as expected, I dressed as sexy and sluttily as I possibly could.
I was surprised that he was shorter than me, but I was wearing calf tight black leather boots with 5" spiked heels.
I felt a sense of empowerment towering above him in my high heels and tight clothing.
A little dominatrix to be precise which I felt he rather enjoyed.
I sensed he'd like me all leathered up barking instructions at him.
I know for definite that I would enjoy that scenario.
If he does a good job on me and makes me come a lot and gives me a good load or two of his come, I may just reward him in the future with a little S&M session.
I met him in the Bar Bistro for lunch this afternoon as arranged (just in case we didn't get on).
He escorted me to our table and very gentlemanly, he took my long overcoat from my shoulders.
He gasped when he saw my outfit and figure for the first time.
I was wearing a clinging tight shiny black top which showed off my large breasts with ample amounts of cleavage on display and accentuated my small waist
He kept glancing at my shiny wet look leggings but he didn't have the courage to touch or stroke them.
On this occasion I'd completed the outfit with a very small tight studded Waspie over my skin tight top.
I was wearing no panties and was showing an abundance of camel toe, so if he had been a little more forward, I'd have welcomed a few fingers rubbing my smooth mound for dessert.
He pulled my chair for me and invited me to sit down.
I wiggled into the chair as provocatively as the tight clothing would allow.
Arching my back, my breasts jutted forward as my butt pushed back into the seat.
I slid forward a little to be nearer the table, when my tight leggings separated my pussylips completely.
Slightly parting my legs, the material stretched around my mound, moulding the shape of my pussy into the material.
My clitoris was exposed now and being delightfully stimulated by every move.
The slightest move, even an intake of breath was forcing the material to caress my clit.
Slowly crossing and uncrossing my legs stimulated my labia and clitoris perfectly.
Almost squirming now I began a little light conversation.
Swapping snippets of information we discovered a little more detail of each other's lives.
We ordered a very light lunch and a nice bottle of wine.
The conversation during lunch started quite formally, but soon got quite saucy after a little coaxing by me.
As the Bistro was fairly empty, I encouraged him to open up and for us to tell each other our likes and dislikes in the bedroom, what turns us on, what we like to do etc.
Once he got in the flow he really opened up so I decided to take control back.
I feigned that I'd dropped something and bent over with my back arched and ass in the air.
My ass was almost in his face, as I slightly parted my legs.
He couldn't help but notice the black shiny material stretched tightly over my shaved slit, revealing every contour of my pussylips, holding my pussylips slightly apart and encasing my full ass.
The gossamer shiny material was so thin and stretched so tightly, that not only my pussy but my asshole must have been on display.
Whilst bending I could feel my wetness dampening the shiny material.
The stretching material caressed my opening with every slight movement.
Taking my time to retrieve the imaginary object, I ensured he viewed as much of my sex as possible, as I wiggled very slowly back to an upright stance.
When I returned to the table his face was somewhat flushed.
Once I regained my seat I deliberately smoothed my tight top over my breasts, which had spilled somewhat with the bending movement, pulling the top just enough, to know that a glimpse of nipple was available.
Tucking my breasts back into their confines, I smiled an open mouth smile, licking my teeth seductively in the process.
"Did you enjoy the view?"
He shook his head obediently.
"Then I'm sure you'll enjoy the view when you're sliding in and out of my pussy tonight!"
I wish I had a camera at that moment, to capture the lustful look on his face.
To break the tension I placed the napkin across my empty plate and informed him nonchalantly, that I love cock, and love to be fucked, it doesn't matter the size, as long it's hard and shoots come!
I told him that if the mood takes and it often does, I do like to see a man ejaculate and if he's pushed the right buttons, I like him to come all over my face.
I absolutely love to watch a man shoot come, especially all over my tits or my face.
As the slutty conversation was leaving my lips, I could feel the tightness of the crotch digging into and separating my pussylips.
Then I told him that I do like to be told how the fucking is going, what the guy wants to do to me, no matter how filthy or slutty that may be and that I really get off on a lot of dirty talk whilst a hard cock is inside me.
I did all this maintaining eye contact and smiling throughout, running my tongue over my lips and teeth.
He looked a bit red in the face and shocked at my forthright approach and my colourful use of language.
I'm sure he had a hard on because I can guarantee, it had been some time, since I was this turned on.
He immediately replied by telling me of his preference for the high heels and stockings look, is a big fan of large breasted narrow waisted women (playing into my hands there!).
That he is partial to giving and receiving oral.
He does like a woman to take the initiative and direct the proceedings, choice of position etc.
He has always wanted to take part in the fetish scene but never found the woman to join him. He would love to have sex with a woman who wore thigh length boots and PVC lingerie willingly.
This really intrigued me as my favourite fuck outfit is my PVC Waspie.
The boots should not be a problem as I could borrow my friends or maybe even get him to splash out on a pair...no pun intended.
Was I sitting next to an imaginative sex bomb or some loser who can't afford a hooker?
I answered that one myself.
As a Doctor I don't think he'd be financially destitute so it looks like I was letting a sexual deviant into my pussy (not for the first time), plus acting the hooker is an excellent role play fantasy in the bedroom.
He claims never to have tried anal sex but would like to give it a go;
He was really cautious with that last statement but I just smiled knowingly and let my tongue run over my teeth.
We moved from our table and headed for the exit.
The exit was a large spacious lobby with no people in the vicinity.
I pulled the doctor toward me and slid my tongue down his throat.
Placing my coat around my shoulders he guided my arms into the garment.
As the overcoat landed on my hot body I gently brushed my lips against his.
I said that I'd call him later and arrange to meet up for a fuck that same evening.
He kissed me gently on the lips and I slithered my tongue between his lips to give him a little taste of what lies ahead.
He escorted me to my car like a true gentleman, which concerned me a little as I needed fucked not etiquette.
Placing his hand around my waist he held me close to him.
My breasts pushed against his chest as he kissed me deeply.
His other hand slid down my thigh, as he slowly moved his hand to my groin and at last began rubbing my smooth mound.
His index finger parted my pussylips as the shiny flimsy material sensually slid between my cuntlips.
Almost pushing the material into my pussy he rubbed his hand back and forth along my shiny covered slit.
The electric sexual urge shot through my pussy as I thrust my mound onto his exploring fingers.
With his tongue penetrating my mouth I moaned softly as I bucked against his fingers.
His other hand held my right breast and began to rotate the quarter cup filled bra in unison.
Slithering his tongue up my bare neck, he gently nibbled and tongued my ear then he whispered he would love to fuck me if I was wearing stockings and high heels.
Placing my free hand on his crotch I gripped his impressive bulge and slowly trouser wanked his cock.
Flicking my own tongue over his neck and earlobe we aroused each other through our clothing.
The pressure of his fingers caught my clitoris and removed the hood as he stroked my outer pussy through the thin shiny material.
Using the thin shiny black material like a condom on his finger he pushed a finger into my pussy.
A wonderful mini orgasm swept through my pussy and dampened my shiny crotch.
As we pulled apart from our kiss, he maintained his delightful pussy rub.
I kept my hand firmly gripping his hard cock through the material of his trousers as I smiled at him and whispered in his ear
"Maybe I'll wear stockings when we meet up as long as you promise to fuck me good".
Getting into my car I smiled at him as he stood there in a state of sexual shock.
I scooped one breast from its bondage showing him my erect nipple.
"Oh and I think your cock will be fucking my ass later!"
His bulge was visible as I waved my goodbyes and drove away.
My little orgasm and the situation in particular had raised my sexual appetite somewhat.
I thought about his anal sex dilemma as I turned the corner away from the bistro.
I do enjoy anal sex as long as the cock is not too big.
If the cock is too big then ass fucking is more for effect than pleasure.
There is something extra naughty and slutty about anal sex.
Especially when having anal sex with a new cock.
First date anal sex is the ultimate in sluttyness.
The chance that this cock may never enter you again really adds to the excitement and does appeal to my slutty nature.
When you're bent over being fucked hard from behind you know they're looking at your tight asshole.
They desperately want to fuck you in the ass, and start to lube your ass with pussy juice or saliva and slip a finger or thumb in your ass, in the hope you'll let them slip their cock inside.
Then they get all excited when you don't resist their attempts to fuck your tightest of holes.
You know the second the cock goes in your ass that they think you're a filthy slut and their cocks grow an extra inch.
Ooh I love that! It adds a little extra horniness to the occasion.
It's made even better when you turn your head toward them and ask them to fuck you in the ass.
Every guy I've ever done this too always lets out a groan before grabbing their cock, lubing it and sliding it inside my ass.
I only want to be fucked by guys that want to really fuck me!
To use and abuse my whole body, to treat me like I'm a filthy cock slut, Because when I'm being fucked, that's exactly what I am.
I am a filthy slut!
So if he does fuck me good, he may just get to slip that cock inside my ass for some hot anal action!
And judging by the length and girth of his cock after my trouser wank, I think my ass may just get filled on our date....
Date with the Doctor. (Preparing for the Date)
I'm sitting typing this dressed up all sexily so that I can go straight to his flat, tease him a little, taste his cock and get fucked as soon as I log off.
I'm squirming with desire in anticipation. I'm wearing loads of makeup and lots of Lipstick with a layer of lip-gloss.
I want to look and act like a total slut as this may probably be the only time I fuck him plus I don't want any gentlemanly behaviour tonight.
I want to be fucked and fucked dirty.
He'll think he's fucking a porn star (which I am I suppose).
Him being a Doctor I've decided to be extra slutty as I don't want him trying to get involved and want a relationship.
I just want to be fucked as often as possible by as many different cocks as is possible.
I may even take my digital camera along for a few souvenir pics.
I'm sitting here wearing a tight white almost see through blouse with a very tight short grey pencil skirt with matching jacket.
Walking is almost impossible this skirts so tight.
Underneath I'm wearing black and pink tight French style knickers which mould around my hips and pussy with matching half cupped bra.
My nipples are almost visible peeping over the bra through the flimsy material of the blouse.
My pierced nipple is most prominent and will come as quite a shock to him as I never mentioned it when we had lunch.
Some sheer black hold up stockings with a tarty seam with which I'm wearing a Black tight PVC suspender belt purely for effect and a pair of Wickedly High heels finishes off the look.
You can see the shape of the straps and clasps of my suspender belt due to the tightness of this skirt.
You won't believe how horny I am at the moment.
I am so looking forward to having him inside me.
Running his hands up my stockinged thighs, as he plays with the straps on my suspender belt, as I entwine my legs around his back as his cock ploughs my cunt to orgasm.
I love the anticipation of a new cock about to slip inside me.
Getting his cock as hard as possible, holding the erect cock, guiding it toward my swollen pussy lips as it opens my hole and slides inside my wet cunt.
Wondering how tight it will feel all hard and hot.
I'm squirming at the thought of a new cock inside my pussy, fucking me deeply.
I love to hold a hard cock in my hand and guide it into my wet pussy and feel it sliding inside me inch by inch.
If he's aroused me enough I will come like fuck as he penetrates me.
That's the ultimate compliment to come on a cock as it slips inside you for the first time.
I've even taken the precaution of performing a partial enema to ensure my ass is ready to accept some cock if the mood takes!
And the mood I'm in right now it will be taking some cock.
Good job I lubed it up good with some baby oil in the shower!
When I arrive at his flat I think I will be gentle with him and let him take control.
I take control all the time and I don't think that is the best way to start with this guy.
I'll be in control it's just that he won't notice. I will let him kiss me and hold my breasts, pushing my mound into his crotch so I can feel his hardness as his hands knead my breasts.
I'll slip my jacket off and allow him to gently undress me.
I'll encourage him to strip me, removing my outer clothing first till I stand before him in my fuck me underwear.
I'll parade around letting him see my huge breasts, firm ass and small waist, with my legs encased in the shiny black stockings and my waist accentuated with the suspender belt.
I'll let him unhook my half cup bra and I'll ease away from the cups, letting my pendulous breasts free for his eyes to feast upon.
He'll kiss my nipples and tongue my pierced nipple as I slide my tight French knickers down my thighs exposing my freshly shaved cunt.
I'll now be standing naked except for my stockings, suspenders and high heels, which I'll be keeping on for our fuck.
You guys do like to see a girl dressed in Black stockings and suspenders!!
I'll do my little slutty dance for his eyes only, displaying my swinging breasts and smooth shaved pussy.
Every guy I've ever fucked has been mesmerised by my slut fuck striptease dance.
I can't wait to show you my sexy dance on my new pole!
You'll love it when I open my legs wide and display my smooth pussy lips and opening.
My exposed large breasts and shaved pussy will be available to do with as he wishes.
My nipples will be proud and erect and my pussy will be hot and very wet in anticipation of his cock thrusting into me.
I think he will shake with fear a bit. He told me he likes to lick pussy, so it looks like I'll be getting lots of that.
I'll kneel before him and rub his cock through his trousers.
He'll remove his shirt and trousers, then take his boxers off.
Hopefully I'll be impressed at the length and girth of his cock.
I'll gently lick his hardening cock, from his balls to his bell end, holding his hard cock as I begin sliding my knees apart wide exposing my shaved cunt as I suck his cock noisily.
I'll then manoeuvre my position so I can get one of his balls in my mouth as I slip a finger inside the rim of his ass.
I'll move away from his cock and lie back on the floor, holding my cunt open with my legs wide apart, I'll finger my pussy slowly and insist that he pushes his tongue deep in my pussy and licks me to orgasm.
As his tongue slowly worms its way inside my pussy I'll move my pelvis and encourage him to tongue fuck my cunt. Holding my own pussy lips open I'll fuck my pussy against his tongue and lips till he tastes my come for the time.
I'll turn my body round so I can get his cock between my made up lips.
I'll take his cock in my mouth and give him one of my slow sensual blow jobs.
Lying in the 69 position he'll groan with desire as my mouth delights his cock.
He'll be returning the compliment delving his tongue deep inside my pussy.
Once he's made me come again I'll place him on his back and straddle his chest so that my pussy is rubbing on his skin, dripping my come onto his bare flesh.
I'll then slide my pussy back and forth across his chest and he'll see my pussylips open and close, and how my clit pops out with each delicate movement.
He'll see how wet my cunt is as the aching and longing for his cock builds up.
I'll cup my breasts and look into his eyes to unnerve him even more.
I'll slide down his chest and stomach making sure my hot pussy is in contact with his skin and soft body hair all the way down till I feel the tip of his hard cock nudging at my opening.
At this point I'll open my legs a little wider and slide my pussy slowly over his hard cock until he is inside me up to the hilt.
I'll then rotate my hips and feel the heat of his cock deep inside me as I lean forward to accept his snake like tongue into my mouth.
My naked breasts will be brushing against the downy hairs on his slim chest as his pubic hair brushes my clitoris whilst his cock impales me.
I'll then take both of his hands and put them on my butt cheeks guiding them to my slippery asshole.
I'll instruct him to lick both of his middle fingers then slowly push them deep inside my ass and gently finger fuck me while I ride his cock slowly.
He'll then plunge his fingers deep into my ass and pull the hole wide open.
His cock now deep inside my pussy, two of his fingers fucking my ass as his tongue slips into my mouth.
All available holes filled and used.
My ass will be gaping and with the filthiness of the situation I'll ride his cock till I come all over his hard fuck pole. Trembling away on his impaled cock I'll fuck him wildly.
Screaming at him too give me all of his cock and fill my pussy with his hot come.
Thrashing about wildly on his rock hard cock, I'll be panting filthy expletives as he drives his cock deep inside me.
Once my orgasm has subsided I'll remove his cock reluctantly from my pussy. I'll bend over so he can fuck me doggy style.
As he slides his cock into my pussy I'll hold my gaping ass open, this will send him over the edge and I'll pant at him to spunk into my gaping ass.
Removing his cock from my pussy he'll wank a few strokes as hot sticky semen burns its way into open ass.
When the last shoot of cum has filled my ass I'll straddle his face and insist he tongues my pussy.
His cum from my ass will run down my crack straight into his open mouth as he tongue fucks me to orgasm, tasting the mixture of my come and his ass flavoured cum.
I think to finish the session I'll lay on his floor with my legs wide apart and gently play with my pussy.
Rrunning my fingers across my swollen slit, teasing my tender clitoris gently and slipping my index finger inside my ass.
I'll continue this rhythm for about 10 minutes, insisting he puts his semi erect cock in my available mouth, long enough to get him hard again, as I swirl my painted lips and wriggling tongue around his ever hardening cock.
As his cock increases in hardness I'll speed up my finger fucking.
I'll raise one leg off the floor as I lie partially on my side, one index finger fucking my cumdrenched ass as two other fingers fuck my pussy in a blur.
His cock will almost be bursting as my orgasm surges through me, with my head back and mouth wide open, my breath bursting out as I moan with ecstasy as the orgasm wafts through my body.
I'll then take the cumdrenched finger out of my ass and lick the contents clean.
He'll ram his cock deep into my pussy as the last waves of orgasm diminish and the next surge begins.
I'll know full well that he wants to penetrate my ass with his hard cock, but I'll make him wait for that pleasure.
Frenziedly fucking my pussy, his cock will bang the opening of my cervix as it opens to let his seed inside.
My hips will gyrate meeting every thrust of his cock like the sex obsessed whore that I am, as it impales me deliciously.
The sexual tension will send my orgasm into overdrive, as my pussy walls grip his cock and attempts to milk the spunk out of him.
At this point I'll be begging him to fuck my ass; he'll withdraw his twitching cock as his orgasm approaches and plunge his rampantly hard cock deep into my gaping lubed ass hole.
A few deep thrusts will be all he can manage in my tight hole, as the spunk spurts out of his cock and erupts along the walls of my ass.
My own anal orgasm in synch with his emptying cock, as the final spurt of hot come hits my ass walls.
I'll give him one final slutty display as I gyrate my cock filled ass till his diminishing cock slips out from my grasp and trickles of ass cum spill out.
Letting the ass cum fall onto his floor, I'll lie on my back and insist he licks my pussy to one final orgasm.
Holding my pussylips apart, putting my raw fucked pussy on display, he'll lap away at my exposed cunt, slipping three fingers into my cumdrenched ass and bring me off one last time as I cry out the most obscene commands.
When my body has stopped quivering from the intense orgasm, I'll climb up off the floor and head for the shower allowing him to see my fucked, almost naked form for one last time.
After a long lingering shower, I'll dress in my sexy underwear again and kiss him goodbye, allowing him a long fondle before I leave his flat, then I'll dash home and email you all the details, only wearing my underwear.
I may need you to pop down and I'll tell you all about it as your hard cock slides in and out of my fucked cunt and finishes me off properly!!
Or if there is not enough time I'll tell you how the action went and give your cock the suck of a lifetime!!
Plus I'll let you know what I've got planned for him next time!!!
Off to get fucked now so hopefully I'll catch up with you later.
Take care babes x.
Date with the Doctor. (The date itself)
Well the deed has been done; my pussy is red raw, tingling and well fucked.
My ass is still stinging but in a nice way, along with my swollen puffy nipples, and the spunk has been wiped from my face and the makeup restored to slutty normal so here is my recount of the events.
I arrived at his flat as planned for 8.15.
He welcomed me into his home and took my coat from my shoulders.
Hanging my coat in his hallway he escorted me through to the lounge.
Walking behind me he could hear the click of my high heels on his wooden floor and the gentle swish of my stockings rubbing together as I made my way into his lounge.
As I opened the door to his lounge he placed his hands on my ass and I backed my butt into his open palms, giggling quietly.
He began to slowly massage my buttocks through the thin material of my skirt, running his fingers over the outline of my taut suspenders.
Bringing one hand round the front to manipulate my breasts I leant back toward him and threw back my head inviting him to kiss me.
He gently pressed his lips onto mine and I slid my tongue into his open mouth.
Swirling my tongue in and out of our closed mouths as one hand kneaded my ass and the other fondled my breasts.
His hand then began to slide my skirt above my stocking tops as his fingers gently stroked their way to my shaved pussy.
Slipping his fingers beneath the flimsy pink and black material of my tight French knickers, he made contact with my exposed clitoris.
Holding my clitoris with his thumb and forefinger, he rolled my sex button between his digits as he lightly nipped my randy bud.
Shockwaves of ecstasy burst through my body as I quivered on his digits.
His middle finger entered my pussy as he continued stimulating my clit.
Fucking his fingers I began to unbutton my blouse and released my tits from the quarter cup bra.
Lifting the skirt over my head, I now stood before him in only my lingerie as he teased my sex delightfully. An orgasm was approaching as my teeth gently bit his bottom lip.
My orgasmic moans emanated from my panting lips as I repeatedly whispered
"I'm coming! I'm coming!"
Placing his hand behind my neck he bent my body forward as my ass thrust in the air.
Arching my back to push my ass more prominently in the air, I slid the French knickers over my hips and down my stockinged thighs.
Stepping out of the panties I arched my back and parted my legs slightly as he knelt behind me and forcefully thrust two fingers deep into my pussy.
Both fingertips grazed my G spot as he rapidly thrust his fingers in and out of my quivering cunt.
Placing my hands on the sofa in front of me to steady my balance I accepted his probing fingers.
Faster and faster his fingers thrust, as my pussy juice squelched with the force and momentum. The violent thrusting increased as sensational waves of pleasure began to build up inside my pussy.
My whole body was electric as his thrusting continued.
His other hand began to stroke my anus as his index finger slithered its way inside my tightest of holes.
As his finger reached knuckle deep my orgasm burst through my pussy.
Gushes of female ejaculation spurted out of my pussy, drenching his hand in the process.
The gushing from my pussy shocked him somewhat but he maintained the momentum of his fingers plunging furiously in and out of my pussy.
The squelching was now more prominent with the additional body fluid.
The scent of sex filled the room as my multiple orgasms began to wane.
Trembling furiously my legs began to buckle under the sexual strain.
Removing his fingers from my pussy he brought the come drenched fingers to my panting lips and I licked the warm sticky pussy fluid from his fingers.
Rolling my tongue provocatively between each of his come drenched fingers, looking him directly in the eye as I performed my sexual antics for my latest conquest.
We hadn't started fucking yet and here I was almost spent with sexual delight.
He removed his clothes in what can only be described as an instant.
His cock thrust forward from his naked body, probably more prominent and erect than it had ever been.
I stood before his nakedness in my Stockings, Garter belt, quarter cup bra and high heels.
My breasts were heaving in post orgasmic delight.
My shaved pussy was now fully on display.
My pussy lips were slightly swollen from orgasmic delight with a glistening layer of pussy juice coating my tingling labia.
His eyes wandered the length and breadth of my sexually charged body, drinking in the eroticness of the situation.
I reached a taloned hand out to his cock and slowly moved his foreskin back and forth over his swollen gland.
Kissing his mouth slowly and deliberately, I inserted my tongue and slithered it over his own and then ran the tip over his smooth teeth.
Holding his cock at the slit of my pussy, I rubbed his glans between my pussylips.
He began to thrust back and forth slowly, opening up my pussy with each push.
The tip of his cock entered my pussy no more than an inch as we enjoyed the sensual knee trembler we were performing on each other.
Nibbling on my pierced nipple he placed both hands on my buttocks and lifted me off the floor and promptly impaled me on his hard cock.
As the entire length slid up my love chute, I wrapped my stockinged thighs around his back as he carried me over to the sofa in his lounge.
With each step he took, he thrust deeply inside me.
Lowering our bodies onto the sofa, he raised my open legs above his shoulders, holding my stockinged calf's in both hands, he began to pound my pussy wildly.
Lifting my head to watch the action I gasped as his rock hard cock slid in and out of shaved slit.
"Fuck me! Fuck me deep!"
I screamed at him as he pawed my breasts and fucked my smooth cunt.
"I want to spunk on your face"
He retorted as his cock banged the opening of my cervix.
His cock was pushing my pussylips inside my cunt with the force of his fucking.
Riding back at his thrusts, I raised my ass off the sofa and gyrated onto his pounding cock. Holding my legs wide open, my shaved slit was now swollen, as his cock plunged deeper and deeper with every stroke.
With my gyrations in full swing now, his blood engorged helmet began to make contact with my aroused G spot.
As his cock prodded the spongy flesh a gush of female ejaculation spurt from my shaven slit and sprayed up his taut stomach.
He continued thrusting deeply, stimulating my G spot further as more fluid burst from my pussy this time reaching his chest.
My cheeks were flushed as my breathing was now out of control as wave after wave of ecstatic sexual pleasure tingled through the walls of my pussy.
In a sexual state of shock he began twisting my nipples quite forcefully, as he snarled that he was on the verge of coming.
"Come on my face"
I panted as an orgasm flushed through me.
Withdrawing his cock he knelt at my face as the first spurt of white spunk splashed across my cheeks and lips.
Opening my mouth to receive the onslaught, two heavy spurts hit my tongue and the back of my throat.
My reaction was to swallow as a fourth and fifth spurt lashed across my face.
Slithering my tongue around his purple glans, I rubbed the come onto his receding cock and licked the remnants from the semi erect cock.
Offering me his shirt to wipe my face clean, he gently patted the remaining come from my cheeks.
Casting the shirt to one side he knelt between my legs and ran his tongue up and down my stockinged thighs.
As his hot breath wafted close to my pussy I opened my legs a little wider.
Taking this as his cue, he flicked his tongue lightly over my pussylips and worked his tongue in the direction of my clitoris.
His tongue rested on my clitoris as warm saliva ran down his tongue and gathered on my smooth sex groove.
His tongue wriggled around my clitoris then delved inside my pussy.
Holding my pussy open for him he pressed his tongue on my clitoris and slowly slid his flattened tongue back and forth.
An orgasm shot through my body as I writhed beneath his working tongue.
His tongue darted in and out of my pussy like a small flexible cock.
Lapping away as come flowed out of my cunt.
Tapping his head I indicated for him to swivel his body round so I could pay attention to his cock whilst he pleasured my pussy with his mouth and fingers.
Rotating his body till his cock was directly in front of my open mouth.
I took his semi erect cock between my lips and performed possibly the best blowjob I have ever given.
His cock began to grow impressively as my tongue and lips performed their magic.
He couldn't concentrate on licking my pussy such was the ferocity of the cock-sucking taking place.
His cock grew harder as my tongue, teeth and lips worked in unison on the throbbing specimen.
One hand slowly caressing his balls the other holding his shaft, while my mouth sucked his cock like a filthy whore.
I turned my body round so he could see the cock sucking action in all its glory.
Here before him was a curvy sexy woman all decked out in the sexiest underwear sucking his cock like it had never been sucked before.
With his cock deep in my mouth I looked up into his eyes.
His hand stroked my hair softly as he slowly began to fuck my mouth.
I swallowed carefully to allow his cock to slide down my throat.
The vacuum I'd created gripped his cock vice like.
Sliding my tongue along the underside of his cock I managed to lightly lick his balls with the tip of my tongue.
Throwing caution to the wind he whispered
"I want to fuck your ass!"
Removing his hard cock from my mouth I turned round so my ass and pussy were available to him.
Kneeling down I arched my back, pushing my ass high in the air as I placed both hands on my ass cheeks and spread my sex wide open to him.
I could feel cool air breezing into my gaping ass hole.
Placing three fingers in my gaping pussy he began to scoop pussy juice and lubricated my ass with it.
Dipping his finger into my ass to ensure the lube was working; he then scooped three fingers full of wet pussy juice and smeared his cock with the proceeds.
His cock glistened with my body fluid as he nuzzled his cock into my ass.
Inch by glorious inch his cock penetrated my wanton ass.
Still spreading my cheeks for him I pushed back onto his cock as finally the entire length was embedded inside my ass.
Holding this position we remained still for a few seconds to allow me to get comfortable with the intruding cock.
Slowly my ass gyrated as I felt his still cock twitch and throb inside me.
Placing one hand to my mouth I began to suck and nibble my own fingers as he fucked my ass slowly.
My other hand made its way to my pussy and gently tickled my clitoris and pussylips.
His cock was the perfect size and length for my ass, as it filled my ass and stretched my anal ring.
Every now and again my hand would gently squeeze his hanging balls then return to pleasuring my pussy.
The heat in my ass from his throbbing cock was bringing my anal orgasm ever nearer.
He began to whisper filthy statements about fucking my ass and then coming in my mouth and giving me some ass to mouth action.
The talk and the severity of the anal sex were building to a most powerful anal orgasm.
Bang the orgasm belted through me as my breath panted for him to fuck my ass and come in my mouth.
As his hand gripped my ass cheeks he began to pound my pussy faster and faster. His breath quickened and his cock began to twitch uncontrollably.
I knew his orgasm was seconds away so I delighted in saying to him.
"Come in my mouth!"
He whipped his cock from my ass and leapt in front of me just in time for the first stream of creamy white spunk to splash across my cheeks.
I pounced on his cock and enveloped the helmet in my mouth as spurt after spurt of thick creamy liquid burst into my mouth.
My tongue licked the helmet clean of spunk that had only seconds ago been deep in my ass. How filthy was this scenario!
Staring down at me in total disbelief as my tongue licked the entire length of his now flagging cock.
Before he could move or make any decisions I grabbed his head and kissed him deeply ensuring he tasted my ass and his own come.
This turned him on immensely as his tongue explored my mouth whilst his hands played with my swollen breasts.
It would be hours before he would achieve a full erection and I was wishing I'd brought some sex toys along as I was still feeling very frisky to say the least.
Placing my hands around his neck we lay back on the sofa and enjoyed a sensual post coital snogging session.
With no signs of life from his cock I made an excuse to visit his bathroom.
On my way there I gathered up my clothes and handbag and went inside the bathroom.
Gargling with some mouthwash, I then re-applied my makeup and quickly dressed, minus my soaked French knickers.
When I returned to the lounge he was wearing a towelling robe.
Offering me a glass of wine, I declined saying I was driving and would need to be heading off soon.
Leaning forward to give him a peck on the cheek, I noticed his robe fall open and display his still soft member.
A quick kiss and a cuddle and we were heading toward the door.
Standing in his hallway, we agreed to arrange to meet either later that week or the following weekend.
I enquired did he have any special requests?
He said he couldn't think straight at the moment as I'd totally drained him, but he would email me later with a few ideas.
One final lingering kiss and gentle grope, then I whispered that I did own a selection of skin-tight PVC underwear if that was what he would like to fuck me in next.
He nodded as he knelt down and raised my skirt up around my stocking tops.
Pulling my body toward him he snaked his tongue inside my smooth velvet pussy and licked me to another delightful orgasm as two of his fingers fucked my ass.
As my come ran down his chin, he inserted his fingers inside my pussy yet again; hooking them forward, he rubbed my G spot, positioning my body so that my asshole was resting on the small round knob of his door.
Pulling my own cheeks apart, I pushed my ass over the brass knob till it was inside my tight hole.
The cold metal in my ass and the hot fingers wonderfully rubbing my G spot it was inevitable that my pussy gushed one last time.
Quivering uncontrollably, my legs began to buckle, only staying upright because of the brass door knob impaling my ass.
Smearing my love juice on his lips he stood before me and gave me a long deep tongue filled kissed as we devoured my come between us.
Rubbing my clitoris with his fingers brought me off again with the brass door knob still in my ass. As the remnants of orgasm waved over me I pensively began to remove my ass from the brass door knob.
Holding onto him as my tight ass released the brass door knob from its grasp.
My anal ring puckered began to normal after the onerous stretching.
I gave him a soft gentle kiss, then straightening my skirt over my stockings;
I opened the door and eventually ended our evening of lust. Still quivering from my last orgasm, I was tottering on my spiked heels toward my car to drive home and tell you all about my lust filled evening of fucking.
Driving in a dreamlike state, I stroked my swollen pussy all the way home, enjoying many little orgasms en route.
So now that I'm home and you know what went on, are you coming round to fuck me as I'm still as horny as fuck and needing some cock and spunk to keep me occupied? A
ll holes are available as they've been stretched, serviced and are definitely in need of some cock attention.
Just so you know, I'm sitting here, still wearing the underwear he fucked me in.
The knickers I was wearing I left on his hallway floor as a memento.
The plastic cock you bought me is ball deep in my ass as I type this!!!
I've enjoyed one or two nasty little anal orgasms as I typed this, but I still need more.
I said I was still horny and there are plenty of orgasms left in me for you to find, but do hurry up as the plastic cock is nowhere near as good as your hard cock!!
Just imagine your cock in my pussy while the plastic cock vibrates in my ass or vice versa!!!
If you don't pop along I may have to go on line to find some cock or cocks to fill my holes.
A girl has to have her fun!!