There are things about ourselves that we don't know. There are corners of our mind that are out of sight to us. Sometimes things just happen and they open whole new worlds to you. My wife, Carol and me, Dick, had a torrid sex life. Carol is a stunning brunette with long thick hair, firm tits, tight ass and the most beautiful skin. We did everything sexual we could imagine and then more. We had sex in the office, outdoors, in the car, vaginal, oral, mutual masturbation, everywhere every how. We were sex addicts.
Carol loved being an exhibitionist and flirt I enthusiastically encouraged it. She would wear very short skirts, see through halter tops, and loved being out partying without underwear. The more outrageous the better.
We lived in Boston and hung around with a party wild crowd. We went to parties nearly every weekend. There was usually lots of wine and pot available. The music ranged from country, to rock to sentimental love songs. Carol danced with all the guys. When she slow danced with them she would mold her body to them and when it was a fast dance she would flout her tits and twirl her skirts above her waist. She was really an old fashioned cock tease. She left many a man with a tent in his pants.
One friend of ours, Tom, was openly lusting after Carol and a few times he danced her into a dark corner and gave her a tongue lashing kiss with some groping.
She'd come back to me with a smirk on her face, her chest flushed with excitement and nipples rock hard. I'd pull her close to me and whisper, 'Are you having fun?" I'd dance with her and pull her tight to my hard cock. I'd casually run my hand over her tits. Dancing and flirting was great foreplay.
We both enjoyed the flirting game. When we got home after a party we'd have wild sex with lot's of dirty talk,
I'd say, "Did he have a big cock?" "Did you rub your tits on him?" "Did you put his hands on your ass?" "Did you flash your mound?".
Carol would moan and say, "Ohh I loved it all." "I'm a very dirty girl."
When we fucked my cock was iron hard and overflowing with cum. Carol's cunt was soaking, like molten lava, and her whole body was flush with lust.
Carol is very loud when she has sex, "FFcuk meeee, Ahhhhh, fuckkkkk."
One week a bunch of us went to a friend's cottage on Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire. His cottage had a semi-private beach and the cottage itself was one huge room and a large deck on stilts in the water. We all had sleeping bags and enough provisions, liquor, pot for the weekend. Some were planning to sleep on the floor, others outside on the deck.
The owner, Jim, got to sleep with his current girlfriend on the only bed with a Japanese folding screen for privacy. As an aside, his privacy didn't extend to their usual very loud fucking.
We all got there around 7 pm, unloaded and started up the grill. Once we settled in I made a large pitcher of Bombay martinis, and we had a tub filled with chilled wine and a cold keg of beer. We all changed into swimsuits. The guys all had some sort of board shorts and the women were all in somewhat skimpy bikinis. Carol's bikini was just three small patches of white and a string between her ass cheeks.
It was a very warm and humid summer night. Jim manned the grill for burgers, dogs and sausages. We started drinking and smoking pot by 8. We ate, drank and smoked while lounging on the deck. We were all chatting about what a great cottage this is, gossiped about friends and made a few off colored remarks about the girls bikinis.
By 9 the sun was down and we had a bright full moon. Most of the crowd went down to the beach to go swimming. I stood on the deck watching. Some were splashing around and playing horse where a woman sits on a mans shoulders and attempts to push another woman off a man's shoulders into the water. There was a lot of grabbing and groping.
Several swam out to the raft and played king of the mountain. One of the girls, Linda, was pushed off of the raft and lost her bikini top in the tussle. She laughed and threw the top back onto the raft, She had great tits and loved to show them off.
Someone yelled "Skinny dip."
Swimsuits and bikinis piled up on the beach and raft. We had all been skinny dipping before and we all loved it. The mood was fun erotic. Jim had set up an IPod on the deck and had a playlist with all kinds of music playing. The voyeur in me stayed on the deck and watched them all frolic naked. The exhibitionist in Carol stood alone on the raft, bright moon at her back, flaunting her naked body.
Some couples started dancing to the music. Cocks were swinging, tits swaying, asses clenching. I saw Carol dance with a few guys who were rubbing their cocks all over her. Our friend Tom approached her and they started slow dancing. Carol wrapped her arms around his neck, put her head on his shoulder and seemed to be pressing her bald cunt on his leg. I didn't know why but I was getting excited.
After a while things got quiet and the dancing became more erotic and romantic. I felt my cock growing and started stroking it while watching the naked couples. In the middle of the crowd I could see Carol and Tom deep into a french kiss. They were molded to each other and their hands were busy probing each other's bodies. They weren't dancing as much as sexing. I saw them move slightly apart, breathing deeply, and then head up the beach back to the cottage.
I heard them stop under the deck and make out. I heard Carol moan and instinctively knew Tom was finger fucking her. My mind was flaming with the picture of Carol fully aroused, and out of control. The smell of sex wafted up through the deck. My emotions were churning, Jealousy, Lust, Love. My stomach was tight and for some reason my cock was rock hard. Every time I touched it it reverberated and throbbed.
I heard them walking up the stairs. I stood there as they came into sight. Carol was flushed with lust. She was in heat. Tom eyes were focused on Carol's lush body. His cock was standing up and early pre cum coated the head. The veins were deep purple and pulsing. The two of them looked ready to fuck.
Tom looked at me with an uneasy question in his eyes.
Carol looked at me with eyes hooded with lust. She walked over to me with her tits flushed red and drew me into a deep kiss. Her nipples were pushed onto my chest and she wrapped her leg around me and thrust her damp cunt on my leg.
She whispered to me, "Can I fuck him?"
This was an entirely new level of flirting with Carol getting fucked with me watching. I hesitated, not knowing if I could let this happen.