I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
Introduction
My name is Dr. Mercedes Ricci. Yes, Italian. I am forty-two years old as I write this story. I have a PhD in Electrical Engineering from Georgia Tech. I am the founder and majority owner of a technology firm that invents devices used in security systems. Yes, I am a Rich Bitch!
I grew up in a small town in Georgia, smartest person in my small high school but weird and ostracized by my fellow students. Mostly my problem. I couldn't relate to anyone and had no friends. Plus, I spent all my time on my studies and trying to make money for college. Luckily, I received an academic scholarship to Georgia Tech. This allowed me to go to that university and pay for my education by working part time jobs. Again, I spent my time working on my studies and making what money I could. But as a result, I finished top of my class and achieved my PhD when I was twenty-five.
While I was at the top of my class, I had few if any interpersonal skills. I was a female in a male dominated field and saw males as the enemy. In engineering the dominate trait was macho. There was little time to care about anyone else's feeling much less your own. There was only winning and achieving. This environment made me hard. At least I blame the environment. Being female, I thought I needed to outdo my male competition. I became a very macho female, able to hide my femininity. People were intimidated by me. It was natural anyway because of my intellect but I made it worse, maybe not on purpose but still I used intimidation as a defense mechanism. In short, I developed the skill of being a hard-assed bitch.
My ability to be macho was only enhanced by my physical appearance. I am a big girl. By the time I got to college, I was five-feet ten and around two hundred pounds. And to be honest my weight only increased in college. I hardened my appearance by cutting my curly black hair severely short, wore no make-up, and dressed in the most masculine way I could. My typical campus dress was baggy cargo pants and bulky shirts. I can carry a lot of weight for a female. You see I have large breasts and a big round ass. But at over two hundred pounds these features were hidden in fat. Both my breasts and ass were flabby.
I dated only a few boys during the entirety of my educational experience. I wasn't the least bit interested in dating the people I was competing with so fiercely. I am also sure that I never gave a boy a reason to be interested. The few dates I had were with geeks like me and they all ended in some kind of argument. With me beating them down through intimidation and intellectual bullying. I did have a lesbian experience with a roommate. While I enjoyed playing around with my roommate, I didn't think I was gay. But it did give me some sexual experience. The one lasting effect of this was good techniques for pleasuring myself.
After college
After receiving my PhD, I went to work for a defense contractor in North Carolina. For three years I developed an expertise in electromagnetics. In my work, I began to see commercial applications for the types of innovations we were working on in the security field. I quit the security of the big firm to develop one of my ideas outside the defense industry. It took six months and all the money I had saved and could borrow to develop a prototype of the security sensor I had envisioned and file for a patent.
With the patent filed, I looked for an angel investor. There was one investor I particularly wanted to hear my pitch. He had some experience starting the type of firm I had in mind. After a lot of phone calls and endurance on my part I got a meeting. I gave them a business plan, a high-level description of the device and description of the patent application. That got me an invitation to make a presentation.
When I was working for the defense firm, my dress remained the same. My macho intimidating bitch act was honed to perfection. For this presentation, I took my last dollars and bought a cheap hard-ass business woman outfit. I thought it hid any femininity and as much fat as possible. The presentation and follow-up questions lasted for two grueling days. At the end of the two days and all questions answered I felt good about my prospects. The key argument was that the patent was defensible and would be granted. The angel investor on the second day had a patent attorney interrogate me.
For the next few days I was on pins and needles. Then I got a call to come in the next afternoon. I was to meet with Mr. Ned Freedman. He was the primary partner in this firm. I knew if he said 'Yes' the deal would be done. He had a reputation of being a hard sell and a hard man. Mr. Freedman was old. I knew he was a widower with two grown children. His children hadn't done much with their opportunity. They both lived far away from him. By outward appearances, his children were spoiled rich kids.
When I arrived at Mr. Freedman office, much to my surprise I was to meet only with him.
He said, "The team is really impressed with you and with your proposition. I think there is a deal to be done."
I kept my cool, "Well great. How do you see this deal being made?"
He said, "Hold on. I know all about you. You know we researched every aspect of you and your life so far."
I said, "I was sure you had. Is something wrong?"
He smiled, "No, but what do you know about me?"
I told him. He again smiled and said, "Yes that is me. So, you know that I am an old man with a lot of money and a business that is very valuable. You also know that neither of my children are worthy to inherit the business or my money for that matter."
He waited for me to say something, but I knew better.
He smiled, "Good. You realize there are times it is better to keep your mouth shut. There are two ways we can go here. The one you proposed with us being your angel investor. Of course, we are going to take all we can from you for your work. We know you are down to your last dollar. I imagine that outfit was the last of your money. So, we will make a deal, but you won't like it. I suspect you will take our offer anyway because you won't have a choice. But there is a unique opportunity I want to present you." He paused before saying, "Marry me."
To say I was shocked is an understatement. Not only had I not had sex with a male but was not interested in men at all. Plus, he was old. I was stunned. He waited for me to say something. I finally said, "Why would I do that? I don't know you."
"I am going to die soon. I am not guessing about that. I want someone to take over my business. I believe in you. I will give you money to develop your security sensor firm, complete freedom to do that, and not get in your way. Our firm will provide all the expertise you need. You get to keep most of that business. Far more than if we are just the angel investor."
"What are you getting? Look I realize you couldn't want me for sex. I know I am an unappealing bitch."
He said, "Exactly. Oh, I may want to fuck you occasionally, but I have professionals for that. No, I want you to leave me alone to my vices. What I want is for someone to take over my portion of the investment business when I pass. You will never change the name of the firm. You will also take care of my children but force them to be responsible citizens. While I don't want them to have all this money, I want them cared for. In short, you take care of my interest and you get funding for your business and retain ownership. This is more a business transaction than a marriage."
I said, "I need a couple of days to consider this. Just to be clear what happens if I say no."
"Then we go to war over how much of your future security sensor business we take from you in return for our investment and business expertise."
After a couple of days of very hard consideration, I did the obvious. I married him. The business was incorporated as Ricci Sensors (RS).
The marriage that made me a rich uncaring bitch
We were married the following week in a judge's office with two witnesses, Mr. Freedman's secretary and the CEO. At twenty-nine, I was married and fucked for the first time in my life all on the same day. To say it was unsatisfying is an understatement. No need to describe it. Neither of us enjoyed it. He was true to his word. After that one time, he never asked me again and I didn't volunteer. He had a haram of high end prostitutes that took care of him sexually.
He lived long enough for my security sensor business to be successful and for me to step more into the investor side of the business. He lived for ten years. Far longer than either of us expected. Before he passed away I found someone to run the security sensor business while I still provided the vision and direction. I became the Chairman of the Board for the security sensor business and started working with Mr. Freedman on his investment business. Even at eighty his mind was really good. It was sad to see his body failing him. His business is called the Freedman Investor Syndicate (FIS). They did mainly angel investing. In most cases they or we took a large stake from the entrepreneurs and provided management discipline. I liked this. It fit my personality. I didn't have to be nice to anyone in this position.
Getting out of the daily operation of my sensor business forced me to reconsider my life. I was thirty-nine. Soon to be a widow. Rich beyond belief. But with no real joy in my life. Just running multiple business wasn't enough.
So, when Mr. Freedman passed, I took over his role as the primary partner in Freedman Investor Syndicate (FIS). I honored all his wishes, gladly, as his executor and primary heir.
He had a lot of money go to charities. This appealed to me. It made me feel better about myself. It also gave me a lot of contacts. Mr. Freedman had done his research on the charities. He was good to his word on the ownership of FIS. With his death, I received 51% of that business. Additionally, we were within months of taking my sensor business public. Something I badly wanted to do.
I had a contentious relationship with his children. It was very chilly. Of course, they were there for the reading of the will. I understood why he had made the deal with me. They were snot nosed spoiled kids with no redeeming characteristics. They thought they could intimidate me into giving them all their father's money against his will. Well little did they know they were against the master of intimidation with the law on my side. At the end of weeks of threats and legal wrangling they gave in. Just as Mr. Freedman wanted, a trust was established with me as the executor.
A few months later Ricci Sensor went public. I was rich and on paper with the value of RS stock going up, I was filthy rich and only got richer as time passed.
What to do now?
To say the least, there was a big hole in my life. I had no friends. I didn't care about anyone but myself. I had never been in love with anyone other than my parents. I still enjoyed working at FIS and watching over RS. But these entities only needed me to provide leadership. I had been working seventy plus hours a week since I was ten. I now wanted something different.
After Mr. Freedman's death, after fighting and winning against his kids, the IPO being completed and my role with FIS and RS established, I was at a crossroads. In a large house that was now mine, with the help gone, I had a bottle of wine and took stock. It was Saturday night, I had no idea what to do with myself. I wished I had a friend to talk to.
I looked at myself in the mirror nude after drinking a bottle of wine. I was fat and out of shape. My breasts were melons that hung almost to my waist. I looked like a milk cow. My stomach overhung my Mons Pubis. My ass hung slack and my legs had no shape. My face was slack. I had multiple chins. My eyes had too much fatty tissue around them. I was disgusting. There was nothing feminine about me. My pussy was even ugly, hairy and fat.
Then I considered who I was. My only interpersonal skill was to be right and able to argue anyone into submission. I knew how to win but no idea how to relate.
I sat on the floor and cried for the first time in my adult life. Now I'm not asking for sympathy just understanding why I took the next steps. I decided I wanted men. My conclusion was that I would be able to solve my interpersonal problem with men. After all, I related more to men. I was at least as competitive as they. I decided, I wanted to become desirable to men. I thought if I could solve the physical issues, I would figure out how to attract men. And with men I would have friends. I didn't think love was ever in the cards for me, but I thought just being with men would be enough. In my thinking, a committed relationship with one man wasn't what I was looking for. I wanted men friends.
So, the next week I told both RS and FIS boards that I would be taking a month off. I signed myself up for a high-end fat farm in California. This was where the Hollywood types went. It worked to a certain extent. They got a lot of the weight off. When I left my weight was 170 pounds. A weight I hadn't seen since High School. What's better they changed my lifestyle. An exercise regime and complete change in eating habits. I had high goals. Realize I am a type A. To achieve what I wanted looks wise would require surgery. But they didn't want to do surgery until I had worked more on my physique with diet and exercise.
When I got back home, I gave my cook strict instructions on diet and told her it was her responsibility to make me stick to the regime. I hired a personal trainer. I spent the next three months working hard as I always do. I also wanted RS and FIS running smoothly before I took the next big step.
I worked off as much fat as I could to tighten my body as much as possible before I took the next step. They had advised that I needed cosmetic surgery to achieve what I wanted. They were honest with me that I had let myself go too far. The fat farm had me in contact with a cosmetic specialty facility and top surgeons. They were supposed to be the best.
I went to Hayward Cosmetic Surgery Center in California weighing 150 pounds. The lightest I had been since high school. The surgeries would be done over a couple of weeks with two weeks for recovery and physical therapy. The day after I got there they did surgery on my breasts. When I started the weight loss my breasts were full melons, after the weight loss my boobs sagged significantly. The surgeons did both mastopexy and augmentation on my breasts. The goal was to both lift and make them look fuller. I wasn't really looking for larger.
There was a lot of discomfort the following week, but the convalescent center did everything they could to keep me comfortable. Just when the pain was subsiding the second set of surgeries were done. I had the multiple chins removed and eyelid tightened. Additionally, around my middle they did cool-sculpting to take away the fat I hadn't been able to eliminate with exercise. With that done I spent the remainder of the time convalescing and in physical therapy.
Back in North Carolina, I was optimistic about the hard work on my body. With the surgeries, I was far more physically attractive. I was told that it would take a few months for my body to completely heal but even the first time I looked in the mirror at home I was very pleased. My chin and eyelids were still a little bruised and obviously still a little swollen, but I couldn't see any scars. My face looked so much different. Clearing away the fat, fixing my chin and eye allowed some of my good feature to appear. My chin line was now smooth skin, no sagging and very pleasant to look at. The eye surgery made my eyes look much larger. I had dark eyes that were now dramatic looking even without make up. My olive complexion was now smooth and tight over my high cheek bones.
My body was completely different. With all the exercise, my legs were honed, muscular and looked longer. My stomach was almost flat with just a little fat left at the navel. My hips were still large, measuring forty inches. But my butt no longer sagged. It was still fleshy, but it was fleshy with a perfect shape.
But what really stood out were my breasts. They were still a little swollen, but the shape was now almost perfect. They were full and stood high on my chest. They were full perfect cones with just the slightest sag. I always had large pink puffy areolas but now they showed so nicely on my perfectly shaped breasts. Before my breasts were sagging so much that the beautiful color, round shape and size of the areolas was distorted by the fat. What's more the surgeon had minimized the scar. Around the areolas the scar was already the color of the areola and I thought in a few mouths would be completely gone. There was a faint red line running from the bottom of the areolas to the bottom of the breasts. But again, I thought it was fade to almost nothing in a few months.
In addition to overhaul of my body, I had professionals come to the house to upgrade my makeup and wardrobe. I still wanted to look professional at work but with a softer look. I allowed my dark black wavy hair to grow to shoulder length. The hair stylist gave me a far softer feminine style. The makeup specialist accentuated my high broad cheek bones, long black eyelashes, dark eyes, full broad lips and smooth olive skin. When I looked in the mirror I thought someone had replaced Mercedes Ricci with Sophia Loren.
I return to work after my physical make over
I was very anxious about my first day back. I got up early and did my now daily five am workouts. The workouts had gotten progressively harder. I was on my fifth personal trainer. I didn't think any of them pushed me hard enough. My weight had remained at about 150 pounds. But with my height, the experts at the Hayward advised me to stay at this weight for the optimum balance between being healthy and attractive.
My anxiety increased as I showered, applied make up and dressed for work. I looked in the mirror wearing a yellow business suit and couldn't believe the change. The yellow jacket showed the start of my cleavage. With a skirt two inches above the knee was so different than the black or grey suit that covered from the neck to well below the knee before. The top was far more form fitting and showed an hour glass figure. The skirt showed off the rapid flare from a tighter stomach and broad fleshy hips.
My face was now completely different. Instead of fat folds it was smooth contours with large dark expressive eyes. I wondered if people would take me seriously. I was determined however to continue being the hard-driven business person I had been before the physical make over. I shouldn't have been concerned about this. I had decades to develop the hard-driven personality that couldn't be replaced over night with cosmetic surgery.
I was picked up at my usual 8am time and driven to the office. My driver, Proctor, had been with me for many years. He was employed at FIS as part of Corporate Security. I was considered a Key Person and as such I had to have Security when I traveled for business including to and from home. Proctor was almost always the Security Personnel that traveled with me. Proctor may have been the closest person I had to a friend. He was the only person at work I ever discussed anything approaching their personal lives. Proctor was getting older and would retire soon.
Proctor was holding the rear door for me of the company limo, "Good morning Miss."
"Good morning Proctor. Have you missed me?"
"I have Miss. And may I say you look lovely. I just can't believe the change. I am sure you are pleased."
I smiled. The experts at the fat farm had done some personality testing. They wanted me to smile more. They told me I had a scowl much of the time. They wanted me to relax more. They gave me some relaxation techniques.
"Actually, Proctor, I am pleased. Just not sure I am still me."
We were on our way, Proctor looking at me in the mirror, "Miss Ricci, you are a beautiful woman, if you don't mind me saying so." I had kept my last name as Mr. Freedman had agreed.
"I don't mind at all. I hope people notice the difference."
"I'm sure they will."
As we pulled up to the front of FIS, Proctor held the door open for me and escorted me to the front desk. He would work the rest of the day at the facility I was at unless I needed him to drive me somewhere. As I walked to my office heads turned. I knew they would be talking about me for some time.
My secretary said, "Miss Ricci, welcome back. My goodness, you look great!"
I said sternly, "How I look is none of your business, now tell me about my day!"
Then I thought about smiling and relaxing. My secretary had her head down, shrinking away from me before I smiled at her and said, "Thank you, Denise." I knew I should have said more but that was all I could muster. I had a long way to go. It went this way for a long period of time as I had to retrain myself. Over and over I had to rethink a harsh statement before the smile and a friendlier pronouncement.
Before long I was asked out on a date. That started a string of dates. The people were all people that ran in my circle. I failed at every one of them. Somewhere during the evening, I would revert to that overbearing bitch I was so good at being. Almost without exception when I got home, I was angry and disgusted with myself. All of these men were successful and mature. But in each case, I got bored and picked something to run them over with. And none of them would or could stand up to me.
Not only was my dating a failure, I was frustrated sexually. The more my body healed and became, well sexy, the more it craved sex. I was masturbating often. I kept buying vibrators and dildos. I must have had about thirty. It was like every time a date failed I needed a new toy to be my lover.
Not only that, my one and only friend Proctor announced he was retiring. The security director was beginning to line up potential replacements.
I finally get laid
Proctor and I made a trip to the West Coast to meet with other Investors and evaluate a couple of startups for potential investments. The first two days were meetings from morning until bedtime. This was usual for a trip like this. But on Wednesday night we didn't have any meetings. I told Proctor I was going to work in my room, but I wanted to take him somewhere nice Thursday night to discuss his departure. I wanted to show him my appreciation for his service to the company and me personally.
Now for honesty. I was frustrated with dating people I knew, and I just wanted to get fucked. After all I had fucked only one old man. I wanted to fuck someone for the sake of just getting fucked. I had gained enough confidence in my body that I figured I could attract someone just by doing a little advertising. In hindsight, it was probably not the smartest way to start. There was so much for me to lose. I mean the press would love a story about a rich bitch like me with a one-night stand. But I was desperate.
I had packed a new outfit. One I bought myself and not my professional shopper. One like I had never tried before. It was a black cocktail dress with a V neck in front that showed plenty of cleavage but still tasteful. It was belted at the waist, with a skirt the flared over my large hips. The skirt hit about mid-thigh. With four inch heals I thought I looked as sexy as I ever had. I wore some cheap costume sparkly jewelry. I wore thin lacey bra and panties. I looked in the mirror and liked what I saw. I was sexy without being overdone. I thought I could attract some interest with my new figure. Truthfully, I had no idea what I was doing. I was however excited. I could feel a tingle over my whole body.
At eight snuck away to a hotel bar several blocks from where we were staying. I thought this would be far enough away so that Proctor wouldn't know what I was doing.
I walked to the bar. This was a safe area of the city. Busy at all times. I entered the bar, which was dimly lit and about half full. It had twice as many men as women. In looking around, I thought most of these women were prostitutes looking for tricks. Most were dressed far more provocatively than I. Many were showing far more leg, there were splits to the waist and obviously I was one of the few women with a bra. I began to worry that I wasn't advertising competitively. I wanted someone to pick me. It was so important to me to be selected by someone.
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I slowly sipped my drink trying to think of what to do. I was there over thirty minutes nursing my drink. My mind was going at high speed trying to think about what I should do. How was this done? Maybe, go to the bathroom and take off my bra. But where would I put it. The little purse I had only had room for cash and a lipstick. Maybe I should turn and show a little more leg. Should I just scream, "Come fuck me please!" My anxiety was that I would have to go back to my room with nothing to show for this effort.
I crossed my legs and let the skirt slip up to show most of my leg. Then it happened. A gentleman of about fifty, nice hair, medium build, a little overweight, barely taller than me and with a pleasant but not attractive face sidled up next to me. He at first only looked at my exposed leg. He wasn't trying to hide the fact that he was ogling me. There were so many things I didn't understand but I knew it gave me a thrill to have a man I didn't know staring at my body.
He ordered a drink and sat. His eyes moved to my large breasts. I found myself wishing I could show him more of my new breasts. I felt moisture between my legs. I desperately wanted him to say something about my new body. After a lot of staring he said, "May I buy you a drink?"
I smiled at him, something I had to still think about. "Yes, thank you so much that would be nice." I spun on my stool to give him a better look at my exposed legs. I knew the dress was covering my panties but not by much. He seemed to appreciate the view. I forced a smile. I so hoped it didn't look like a scowl.
He said, "Do you come here often?" Probably the oldest opening line in the world. But for me it was new. I was thrilled.
I knew then I should have put more thought into a story. I mean I can't tell him the truth. So, I decided on, "No, this is a new place for me. You?"
"I'm in sales, so I often stay at this hotel."
My drink came so I raised it and said, "Here's to us."
He smiled and said, "I'll drink to that."
He then said, "Where do you usually go to drink?"
Again, I needed to be better prepared, "Oh just around. Nowhere in particular."
"Are you free-lance?"
I was confused but said, "Yes."
He said, "Good, that makes it easier doesn't it."
I said without having any idea what he was talking about, "Yes." I needed to change the topic. "How do you like the city?"
"It is just another city. They all seem the same to me. One bar is like another. One sales prospect like another. After a while they begin to run together. By the way, I am Mort. You?"
Again, completely unprepared, I said, "Mary." First name that came into my head. I had no idea where this came from.
He frowned as he sipped his drink and said, "You don't look like a Mary. You look more like a Sophia. Anyone ever tell you that you look like Sophia Loren?"
This time I gave him a genuine smile. "Aren't you sweet? I just wish I were that pretty." Without consciously doing it I reached down and pulled my dress up another inch exposing more leg. I leaned over just a little to give him a little better view of cleavage.
He waited until I finished the little show and said, "Oh, I think you know you are pretty. How could you not?"
We continued with this small talk until we both had a couple of drinks. By now I was a little tipsy. He was slurring his words. I realized he had been drinking for a while. I was beginning to form a new identity. If I had just made up a better story in advance this would be easier. It was almost ten when he said, "Would you come up to my room for a night cap?"
I said, "Sure, I would like that." My almost unused vagina gave me a nice pleasant thank you of fluid. It felt like my panties were damp.
He handed me a room key and said, "214. Give me five minutes before you come up." He said this like I would understand exactly why he wanted to go first. He didn't want to be seen with me. Then I realized that was exactly it. He didn't want people to know he was entertaining a woman in his room.
I got to room 214 and tried to decide something. Should I knock? After this hesitation, I scanned the card, it turned green and I entered. He was sitting on the end of the bed wearing only his tighty-whities. I froze. I wasn't sure what I expected but for some reason this surprised me. Maybe that we would talk first.
He said with a quizzical look on his face, "Well are you coming in?"
I nodded my head and said, "Oh yes, I sure am."
As I stepped into the room he pointed to the desk and said, "There is your drink and 400 dollars. I hope that is enough. I just want it straight."
I stopped and looked at the desk. There were four one hundred-dollar bills and a mixed drink sitting there. I picked up the drink and drank about half of it thinking about what was happening. It then dawned on me that he thought I was a prostitute and he was paying me to have sex with him. I looked at him again, overweight and even in this light not a very handsome man. Did I really want to have sex with him? Was Mort really going to be my first conquest? Should I take the money?
He said a little angrily, "That is all I can afford, Mary. If you want more then, just leave. I can't afford more, or my wife will find out."
I emptied the glass of strong liquid, smiled to myself and him, "Well Mort, I usually get more but I have invested the evening with you. It will have to be just straight."
Mort smiled back and said, "Good! Now let me see those tits. I have been wanting to see them all night."
I stepped in front of him as he sat on the end of the bed with both hands on his knees and slipped off my shoes. I reached behind me and unzipped the dress. As I slipped the dress off my shoulders it dawned on me I should have let Mort do the unzipping. I had to learn more about how to do these things. I had to work to get the dress over my hips. I should have taken it over my head. With some shifting and rocking of my big hips the dress dropped to the floor. I picked it up and put it neatly on the desk chair.
I was also wearing pantyhose with a tummy shaper. As I slipped my thumbs to remove the pantyhose, Mort said, "Well that is a first. Most hookers don't bother. I guess this is what the high end does."
It somehow gave me a good feeling that he thought I was a high-end hooker. I was happy to be able to get the pantyhose off without sitting in a chair, I put my hands on my hips and asked, "Would you like to take the bra off?"
Mort smiled, and I realized it was right to ask, "You do it but please do it slowly. Wish we had some music."
I again reached behind my back and unsnapped my bra. I glanced at him with my head facing down toward my breasts that were still being held in the cup. He was mesmerized by the sight of them being freed. I put one hand over the cups while slipping first one and then the other strap off my shoulders. I was holding the cups in place, giving him time to anticipate what my breasts would look like.
I looked him in the eyes and smiled. He could barely take his eyes off the cups in anticipation. I slowly allowed my hand to slide the bra cups off my large breasts. Now completely healed from the surgery they were a very full 38-F. What was better was how firm they remained even after the swelling went away. I still had the faintest red line between the nipple and breast crease, but it was so faint I thought it was inconspicuous. My areolas were a perfectly round two inches with pink nipples that stood out in the middle.
Mort was staring like he hadn't seen tits before. I finally said, "Are they what you expected?"
Mort said in a fog, "No. I have seen large breast before but none that stood out like those. Can I touch them?"
"Sure. For four hundred you get to both look and touch."
It thrilled me to have a man appreciate my new breasts. I was wet. I took a step closer. His hands lightly rubbed around my breasts. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of a man's enjoying them. I looked down at his tighty-whities and his penis was sticking out.
I said, "It looks like you are ready."
Mort said, "Pull those panties off and I will show you how ready I am."
I stepped back, slowly put my thumbs under the elastic and slid the panties off my hips. I bent over at the waist to give him view of my dangling breasts. As I stood he got a good view of my naked body. His eyes went to my pubic hair. It was thick and black.
Mort said, "Turn around and let me see your ass."
I turned, giving him a view of my broad fat ass. I finally said, "How do you like my big butt?"
Mort said, "I love your beautiful ass. It has such a nice round shape. It is full but doesn't sag at all."
I twisted around to see him. He was smiling appreciatively at me. He had taken off his underwear. I stared at his penis. It seemed to be fully extended but I thought it was small. Since I had never really seen a penis, I couldn't be sure. When Mr. Freedman fucked me, it was dark. I didn't know what to do and thankfully Mort helped when he said, "Can I touch your ass?"
I realized he thought when he paid me only $400 that all he could do was to fuck me. Not fondle me. But I wanted to be fondled.
I said, "Sure Mort, I like you, feel all you want. You may also rub my pussy if you want to."
I stepped back to let Mort knead my big buns. It wasn't long before he was rubbing his hand over my dripping pussy. I had an orgasm just from him kneading my buns and rubbing my pussy lips.
Mort finally said, "Lay down I am ready to screw you."
I remember that I had a condom. I got it out of my purse and handed it to him.
He said, "Oh yeah, good idea. I had one I just forgot. I guess that makes you the pro."
I thought to myself,'If you only knew how close to a virgin I am.'As he put on the condom, I laid next to him. He crawled on top of me and slipped his prophylactic covered penis into my drenched pussy. It felt so good to have a man's penis inside me. I had a nice orgasm as soon as he entered me. He was overweight and not in good shape, but he managed to rock back and forth on me enough for me to have a second orgasm. It helped that he was stimulating my sensitive nipples as he fucked me. I loved having a man's hand on my breasts. As I finished the second orgasm he began to grunt, and I could feel that he was cumming in the rubber. I spread my legs wide to encourage him to stay in as long as he could.
But as soon as he finished his penis shrank to nothing. The condom slipped off and dangled on the edge of my pussy lips. I sort of thought that was odd but a professional would simply pull it out and throw the used condom in the trash. I found myself wanting more. This wasn't nearly enough. I instinctively knew that he wasn't good at sex and I wanted more. But no matter if he had wanted another go I would have said yes.
Instead I slipped on my bra and panties. I decided not to put back on the pantyhose. Mort had his underwear on. I warped my arms around him and kissed him on the cheek. I was as tall as him. I said, "Was that $400 worth?"
Mort smiled at this unexpected intimacy and said, "Better than that. You are a gorgeous woman but a little strange for a hooker. How long have you been doing this?"
I smiled at him still with my arms draped around him, "Can you keep a secret?"
Mort said, "Sure, I have a wife that will never know about this, so I better be able to."
"You were the first."
"I thought so. You will make a lot of money at this. If I had it, I would have paid $1000 to fuck your ass. You have a magnificent ass. It is big, smooth and perfectly shaped."
I said, "Thank you."
I finished dressing put the $400 in my purse and said, "Good luck, Mort. Be good to that wife."
"Good night, Mary."
I walked back to my hotel. It was almost midnight and we had a full day planned the next day and I was worried that I drank a little too much. I set the alarm early, so I could go to the gym and burn some of it off. I went to bed and began to think. I realized that even bad sex, which I was sure that was, was still pretty darn good. My only regret for the night was that I didn't get more.
I confess to Proctor
I had a full day interrogating the principals looking for an Angel investor. I loved this work. I was very good at it. I could spot weaknesses from a mile away and had a good sense of people who could be successful. I was also very good at absorbing large amounts of data and drawing the right conclusions. I often surprised people with my ability to understand their data better than they did. At the end of the day I thought this was a promising opportunity. We set a follow up meeting in North Carolina in two weeks.
I took Proctor to his favorite restaurant in this city. Of course, he drove. After the night before I thought maybe I could convince Proctor to fuck me. Better said, I wanted to screw again, and I hoped Proctor would accept it as my retirement present. I mean wasn't that a very personal gift. Since it worked the night before, I wore the same cocktail dress but this time without pantyhose.
Proctor loved Thai food so that is what we had. Most of the evening we discussed our time together and what he planned to do in retirement. I didn't realize but he was turning 65 that weekend.
I said, "I can't believe you are turning 65. You just don't look that old."
"Thank you, Miss. In my profession, you have to stay in shape or it is dangerous. I know that I can't do this any longer. It wouldn't be fair to you if I did. You need someone younger."
"Oh, Proctor I am going to miss you so much. You know they have sent me nine potential replacements but none of them seem right."
"Not sure why not. I vetted them, and they are all qualified."
"I know. Ah, Proctor do you find me attractive?"
He looked at me funny before saying, "You are a beautiful woman. I have always liked you. You are one of the toughest people I know. I admire your character."
"Is that a way of telling me you liked me even when I was fat and ugly?"
Proctor laughed with me. "Yes, Miss that is exactly what I am saying."
"I have something I want to ask you, but I am afraid you will get mad. Are we friends enough to really trust each other?"
"Yes Miss, there is nothing you can say that will come between us so ask."
"Would you fuck me tonight?"
Proctor smiled at me and said, "Will I didn't expect that, but the answer is I would love to but won't. Please don't get your feelings hurt before I can explain."
I smiled at him, "I expected that answer and think I know why but please explain."
"I have several reasons. First, we are friends and being intimate might hurt our friendship although I doubt it. It wouldn't be professional. I take pride in what I do and screwing a client is just not advisable. I have been married to the same woman for close to forty years and she deserves better than that. I wish I could tell you I have never cheated but I can't. Lastly, I am nearly sixty-five and it wouldn't be that good for you."
Before I thought I said, "It would be better than last night."
Proctor looked at me like I was a criminal. "What happened last night?"
I decided that I needed to talk to someone and he was the closest I had to a friend. I started with, "I need to tell you a long story."
I told him about my dates and how frustrated I was with dating since my body changes. I said, "As a result, I decided I just wanted to fuck. So, I went a bar down the street, hoping someone would pick me up. Well someone did. When we went to the room he thought I was a prostitute and paid me $400 to have sex with me."
For the first time, Proctor raised his voice and said very sternly, "You did what? Miss Ricci, you can't do that. What if that guy had been a cop?"
I raised my hands, "I know, I know but I just had to."
"If you had told me I would have helped you find a better way. I mean please tell me you won't do that again."
"Proctor, I can't promise that. I liked it. I mean I think the sex probably wasn't good, but I want to do it again. I like sex with men. I want more."
Proctor asked, "But none of the men you dated did anything for you but this nobody did?"
"I can't explain it. I had three orgasms from an out of shape, married guy who thought I was a hooker. I enjoyed the thrill of it and the attention I got. I particularly liked showing off my new body. It turned me on. But, Proctor, I know he was lousy at sex. I would do it again. Is that sick?"
Proctor said, "No, it isn't. I don't think you are ready for a permanent relationship. I think you want experiences and thrills. The people you have been dating are more the types to move in with rather than be thrilled by. These guys are trying to romance you and you just want to be taken. You want someone to command you and make you do things you don't even know about."
"You are right. I want experiences. I mean I don't know much about sex."
"You need a bad boy that has a lot of sexual experience but no desire for anything permanent. Additionally, you want to be challenged, someone that will put you in situations that will give you a thrill but have enough sense to keep you out of real trouble or be able to get you out of it. I mean last night if this man had known who you are then who knows what would have happened. You need someone to protect you."
"I need you. Proctor, be my guy."
"Miss, you know I can't."
I said begrudgingly, "I know but I trust you."
Proctor said, "I didn't say I wouldn't help but I can't be your guy. I want you to meet my wife. Come meet her this weekend. You need a female friend that doesn't want anything from you. My wife is a very special lady. She has seen a lot of things. You will like her."
"I've never had a female friend."
"Also, I think you need to work on a different persona. I mean Mercedes Ricci the power behind two firms and sinfully rich, may not be the right persona to get what you are looking for. Maybe be someone not so smart just sexy as hell."
"I was Mary the hooker last night, got to fuck and have multiple orgasms. You are on to something. I need to think about being a different person but isn't that sick?"
"Not at all. We all play different roles. I play your protector with a fierce exterior here but with my daughter and wife I play a completely different role. I can tell you my wife is the boss and I'm not the tough guy around her. You have developed one persona in your life. The highly competitive dominating role as the smartest person in the room. Maybe you need to develop a more subservient persona. You may find that you have a lot more fun that way."
"Let me think about that but it makes sense."
We flew back to North Carolina the next day. He told me a lot about Sally, his wife. I did think I would like her.
The next day, Saturday, Proctor picked me up to take me to the office to get caught up for the week. He then dropped me at his house to meet Sally.
Sally was in the kitchen when Proctor introduced me, "Sally, this is Miss Ricci."
Sally smiled and said, "Miss Ricci, I am so glad to meet you. Henry has told me so much about you, I feel like I know you."
I said, "Please call me Mercedes. I have known Proctor for so long, it seems a little wrong that I'm just meeting you. You know Proctor has been with me for ten years. He has been my only protector."
Sally was a small freckled red headed woman. My guess was that she might weigh 105 pounds. Small everything. The exact opposite of me.
"He was very fortunate to get the job with you. In Henry's work, it is hard for older men to get a job. When he retired from the military at fifty-five we worried no one would take a chance on him."
"I glad we did. I have enjoyed having him around."
Proctor said, "I am going to leave you girls to talk. Sally, Miss Ricci wants to take us to dinner at seven."
Sally hit her big strong man on the arm, "She will not. I am fixing dinner. You be back here at seven and eat with us. Until then I want Mercedes to myself."
I said, "Are you sure? I hate for you to go to that trouble."
"No discussion unless you don't like chicken cacciatore."
"Hey, I'm Italian. You know I like it."
"Good, no more discussion."
When Proctor left Sally said, "Henry told me about your current dilemma, but I would like to hear your story."
So, I told my story.
After a very long monologue I said, "Sally, it is so unlike me to talk to anyone about myself for this long. After all that self-indulgence, I know it is hard to believe but feelings haven't been important to me for most of my life."
Sally said, "Oh, I know that. I am glad you confided in me. And I think I can help you. You see I am almost 65 years old myself and have been around military people for much of that. You are much like a lot of them. I know Henry advised you to form a new persona. I think that is good advice. I would say you need to think in terms of being more subservient. I know that your profession requires this dominant persona you have developed for decades. You don't have to worry about losing it. I would go so far as to say you need a new set of friends that don't know you. Maybe even use a different name."
I said, "I kind of like that. That way I can key on certain attributes like not having to correct every error people make."
Sally continued, "I think you need to develop an open view to sex. Maybe this new person just enjoys sex?"
"That is what happened when I played Mary the hooker. I really need experience. I need a new name and new persona. Let me think on that."
Sally said, "Henry's birthday is next Saturday. Would you like to come to his party? It will be just us and our daughter and her husband. His buddies are taking him out Friday night."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. I want to help you with a new persona and have an idea. Henry and I have done some swinging. We like three ways and haven't done that in a long time. So, I want to make you my birthday gift to him. When I do you can think of being a different person. Not Proctor's boss but Sally's gift to Henry. In fact, we may give you a different name when I make you my gift."
I was stunned. I wanted to fuck Proctor but to be asked by his wife took me aback. After I got my mouth closed I said, "Sally are you sure?"
Sally said, "I am very sure but if you won't do this for me I will understand."
"I want to do it, but will it affect our friendship?"
"Absolutely not. For one thing, you can only have sex with Henry if I am there. And I am going to join in. We will both be Henry's birthday gift. I can't think of a better gift for my husband. You will be doing me a favor."
I said with a smile, "Wonderful! How do you want to do it?"
"Henry's birthday dinner will last until about nine. You will act like you are leaving with Susie and her husband, but I will leave the side door open. You double back and go to the bedroom. Get naked and wait for me. We will wrap each other. I will call him in and tell him to unwrap his gifts. From there, just follow my lead. I am going to have him fuck both of us. Do you have any experience with girls?"
"Actually, more than with men. I am going to be a new person. One that is open to experimenting."
"Exactly." Sally got up and hugged me. "Now let's get dinner ready."
Sally's birthday present to Proctor
The Saturday of Proctor's birthday party arrived. Proctor's last day with RS was the day before. I decided that I would wait until today to give him his retirement gift. It was a Rolex Submariner.
Sally and I had talked several times by phone during the week. She had asked if I would come early to help her get the house ready. Now, I don't cook but I wanted to be around Sally and be a part of Proctor's birthday, I mean in a domesticated way not just being used as a gift for Sally to give to Proctor. I had my assistant get decorations for the house.
When I arrived with my decorations. It was so overdone, but Sally let me put the banners and stuff all over her house. Susie had taken Proctor out of the house while Sally and I prepared everything. After putting up the decorations, I set the table and went to the kitchen to open one of the bottles of wine I had brought and poured us a glass of wine.
Sally was busy cooking. She asked, "Are you worried about being my gift to Henry?"
"I am but Mary is not."
Sally smiled, "I take it that Mary is Mercedes's alter ego?"
"For now, but I need a better name for my alter ego."
Susie had Proctor back about seven when Sally had his favorite meal ready. I couldn't remember having an evening that was this normal. These people treated me like a normal person not like a high-powered inventor and executive. I loved it and was very surprised at how comfortable I was with this. I kept thinking, 'Relax, laugh and joke. Find things that are funny. Smile.' I also have to admit I drank quite a lot of the wine I had brought.
When Proctor opened his gifts, I realized mine was so out of line compared to everyone else's. Mine cost about $10,000 while everyone else's cost $100. When I saw what I had done, the reaction of the other four people, I said, "Proctor this is really your retirement gift. I want you to know how much the company appreciates what you have done for us. I will miss you more than you know. Thank you so much."
Sally was the first to smile and hug me, "That is so generous. I am sure Henry will always appreciate it."
Proctor said, "Miss Ricci, it is too much but I do appreciate it."
I relaxed and said, "Read the engraving on the back."
Proctor read, "To a special person and friend. Mercedes Ricci."
Proctor then hugged me and said, "Thank you Miss Ricci."
I laughed, "Can't you call me Mercedes now that you have retired?"
Proctor laughed, "Yes from now on I will call you Mercedes."
At about nine Susie and her husband said they needed to get home to take care of the kids. I pretended to leave but instead crept through the back door and into their bedroom. Sally had shown this to me earlier. I removed my clothes and waited for Sally. I sat on the bed with a combination of excitement and apprehension. I wanted to fuck Proctor but more importantly make Sally happy.
Sally came in and closed the door. She removed her clothes. She removed several items from a drawer. She squeezed some cream onto her finger and worked it into her ass. She then took a triangle shaped rubber looking item with a glass jewel on it and pushed it into her ass. She looked at me and said, "Do you want one of these anal plugs?"
I said, "I don't think so."
"Suit yourself but it is most enjoyable. Henry really enjoys this slutty look. I am going to let him fuck me there after he does you. Wearing the plug before I have Henry take me there makes it easier. Here let me wrap you."
She took a four-inch wide piece of ribbon and placed to around my tits with a bow in front. She did the same around my hips covering my Mons Pubis with a big bow. She then had me wrap a ribbon around her crotch with the bow over the jeweled anal plug. I had no experience with anal plugs before that night. She then took a lipstick and wrote on my stomach, 'Happy Birthday.' Sally handed it to me and said, "Write on my ass."
After I finished I said to her, "I am so nervous. I don't know if I can do this."
She said, "Maybe Mercedes can't but Mary can."
I nodded and gave her a smile. She said loudly, "Come on in baby, I am ready to give you your gift."
Proctor opened the door and froze. Sally laughed, "This is your surprise. My gift to you is Mary and me. I hope you like it."
Proctor didn't move. I was getting even more anxious that this was all wrong. I was so afraid that in spite of all my work I wasn't sexy enough. How could I possibly think that I could go from the ugly duckling to a beautiful swan in a year? I was on the verge of running out of room when Sally wrapped her arm around me and whispered, "Don't worry, he's just taking it in." I could feel her small breasts against my arm. She was so likeable and empathetic. She had skills I didn't. Proctor continued to stare until Sally said, "Don't you want to unwrap your gift?"
Proctor came to, "I sure do. I want to unwrap both my gifts. I just can't decide which to unwrap first."
Sally said, "Unwrap me first. Savor Mary. She is a real treat."
Proctor said, "Mary?"
Sally said, "Yes. Didn't you advise her to use a different name when she is playing her alter ego?"
I asked Proctor, "Is this okay with you? Sally asked me to do this, but I will leave if this is not something you want."
Proctor had a look of surprise, "Want? You damn right I want the gift my loving wife is giving me." He looked at Sally and said, "Thank you baby. I was feeling old earlier but now my little head doesn't feel old looking at gorgeous Mary."
I smiled a little and cocked my hip saying, "You like Mary?"
He laughed and said, "I like!"
Sally turned around and said, "Time to unwrap your old wife's ass."
As Proctor removed the ribbon from Sally, he said, "You mean my sexy wife's ass." When he saw the jeweled anal plug, he smiled, "Does this mean my present is literally your sweet ass?"
"Maybe," she smiled coyly, "but first for your very special gift. Unwrap Mary."
I was shaking. Even though the ribbon was only four inches wide, it was covering my scar and my mass of black curly pubic hair. Sally body was completely different. She was slim everywhere and the hair around her pussy was sparse and very light sandy color that allowed a view of thin lips. Her breasts were perky, maybe B's with small red areolas. She was muscular and hard to my soft curves.
Proctor had a huge grin, "I have imagined this since you remade yourself." He pulled the bow slowly. I was still shaking but now with anticipation as much as fear. The bow slipped, and my breasts stood out for him. I wanted him to say something. Proctor must have felt my anxiety, "Relax, those are beautiful. They are so full and stand out like I have never seen large breasts before."
I relaxed enough to say, "Thank you." This simple statement gratified me.
He started to reach out to grab my breasts when Sally said, "Not yet baby. Look but don't touch. Finish unwrapping your gift first."
He pulled the bow positioned over my bushy pussy. It dropped to the floor, he stepped back and just stared. Sally said, "Mary, show him your beautiful backside." I turned.
Proctor said, "My gawd you have a beautiful ass. It is the best shaped big ass I have ever seen."
Sally said, "I think so too, and we have seen a lot of asses. Haven't we baby?"
Proctor said, "Yes, we have." I was now getting excited and in a good way. I knew I needed to let Sally take the lead, but I wanted his dick in me immediately.
Sally said, "Okay, Mary, let's undress the birthday boy. You take the shirt, while I get the shoes."
She got to her knees while I started unbuttoning his shirt. I slipped his shirt off his shoulders and let my nipples brush his naked chest. My nipples were pinker than usual and standing at attention. Proctor was looking down at my chest and I heard him whisper, "Beautiful."
Sally still on her knees unbuckling his pants. She pulled them down revealing a pair of blue boxers with a large tent at his crotch. I felt Proctor's hand touch my breast lightly. I jerked from the bolt of electricity that caused. I heard Sally say, "Not yet baby. Soon. Mary step back and sit on the bed."
He put his hand down to his side as Sally slid his boxers down. I sat on the bed enchanted by the sight of Proctor's manhood. He was definitely in good shape without an ounce of fat. I thought I had more fat in my ass than he and Sally combined had. I was mesmerized by Proctor's cock. He was definitely larger than Mort. I imagined it in my pussy making my eyes and pussy weep from anticipation.
Sally looked at me with Proctor's hard long dick in her hand and asked, "Do you like this?" She was lightly stroking it. I could see fluid dripping from it. I now know this was precum but at the time I was afraid he would be finished before I got to feel it.
Proctor said, "I can't take much of that. I am ready to enjoy my gift."
Sally stood, wrapped her arms around him, pulled herself to his face and kissed him long and deep. I was a little jealous. I wanted to be kissed like that. After she released him she said to Proctor, "Stay there."
She came over and kissed me the same way. I had more experience with girls than boys. I enjoyed the kiss, but I kept staring at that hard-beautiful dick. Sally got behind me with her legs on either side of my hips, so close I could feel her pussy on my backside. She took a breast in each hand and lifted. "Henry, don't you think these are divine orgs?"
"I certainly do."
She then gave my nipples a pinch, "Don't you think this is the prettiest shade of pink?"
I felt the electricity again pass through the body.
Sally laughed, "Okay baby, I can tell by the looks of the little boy, you need to touch your present. You can feel Mary's breasts now."
He walked over and lightly rubbed all around my F's without touching my areola's. I felt Sally's hands go to my black bush and press into my wet pussy. I tensed with a giant orgasm. A better orgasm than I had with Mort. I knew her hand was getting wet from my discharge. Proctor lightly rubbed each nipple just enough to make them quake. He then pinched them harder than Sally had, as she continued to play with my vagina. Another squirt of fluid on her hand.
Sally giggled in my ear, "You are so ready. Aren't you my dear?"
With a quiver in my voice I said, "Oh yes, I want Proctor's beautiful dick in me."
Sally said to Proctor, "Lay her back on the bed and take her."
Sally moved away from me as Proctor gently lowered me on my back to the bed. He climbed between my legs. He put his penis to the entrance of my vagina and held there. I couldn't stand it. I rocked my hips forward making his penis penetrate all the way. The feeling was indescribable. It put the few orgasms I had before in perspective. I heard a vibrator and looked over at Sally. She was lying next to me with a six-inch vibrator impaled in her pussy. She was bucking watching her husband fuck me. It was amazingly erotic to me. I could have never imagined this.
Sally whispered to me as she kept one hand on the vibrator and the other squeezing one of my breasts, "Does my husband feel good in Mary's pussy?"
I then felt Proctor's hand on my other breast kneading the soft flesh. I said, "It feels so good. Thank you, Sally."
Sally whispered back, "Oh we are enjoying this as much as you are."
I then heard her murmur, "Oh shit, oh shit, ..."
I realized she was also having an orgasm. I was breathing very hard. I started to moan. I heard Proctor make a primal scream, "Here it comes. Mary, should I pull out?"
"No, please fuck me hard. I want to feel your juices inside me."
And it started, he pumped me deep and hard, and I had one more big orgasm but not as intense as the one when he first entered me. Proctor laid on me with his penis still inside me and kissed me deeply. He then reached over, pulling Sally up and kissed her deeply. He said to her, "Thank you my wonderful wife. What an awesome gift."
Sally said, "I think we all enjoyed it, but you still have one more gift. Mary lay here. Proctor go get us some water."
Sally was definitely in charge. I found I liked that. As Proctor left Sally braced herself on one elbow, with me still laying unmoving with my head on the pillow and she wiped the tears from my cheeks so gently and lovingly. She asked, "Tears of joy?"
I couldn't speak but nodded my head up and down. She said, "Remember it is only with me."
I braced on one elbow to look in her eyes, "You don't have anything to worry about. Not only can you trust me, you can trust Proctor. I asked him you know, and he told me he loved you too much. I would never betray you or Proctor. You are in complete control as far as I am concerned. I can never thank you enough."
Sally pulled me into her, "We are going to be great friends. I think tonight we can get Henry up again. As he has gotten older, he is good for only once a night but with your help I want to get my butt fucked."
"Whatever you want, Sally. Just tell me what to do."
Proctor brought a bottle of water for each. We each drank. We put our water aside as Sally said to me, "Lie back on the pillow." I was still between the two of them. I lay back. Sally started rubbing one of my breasts as Proctor rubbed the other.
Proctor said, "I can't get over these."
They each rubbed over the nubs of my nipples that had not relaxed. I felt the electricity shoot through my body again and my pussy was again craving Proctor's dick.
Sally said to Proctor, "Get on your knees and give her pleasure."
Proctor knelt between my legs, pushing my thighs apart giving him room to push his mouth over my sopping wet pussy. I glanced down and saw the Sally was pushing herself on her back between his leg. She kissed the tip of his now growing penis. He had his tongue working up and down my slit. I was close to another orgasm. This was the first time I had never had a man lick my vagina. I began to buck my hips to force his mouth into my womanhood.
I twisted my body enough to see what Sally was doing with his penis. He was now fully hard. She had her mouth wrapped around his penis while he pumped up and down on her face. I heard the vibrator turn on and knew she must be pleasuring herself. Proctor was thrusting his dick in and out of her mouth while still giving me pleasure. Not sure how long he fucked Sally mouth, but she somehow knew that Proctor was ready. Sally slipped out from under him and got on all fours next to me.
She said, "Okay my husband time for your second gift." She handed him the tube of stuff. He knelt behind her as I braced on my elbow to watch, pulled the anal plug out, pushed some of the lube into her small asshole and then a liberal amount on his penis. I sat up to get a good look at this. Could he possibly get his big thing into her tight little bum?
He forced her legs a little further apart as she rested her torso on a pillow with her ass sticking up for him. He placed his dick at the opening between her ass cheeks and let it rest there for a second. I heard the vibrator start up. She placed it on her vagina as Proctor pushed forward. I was amazed that his dick so easily slipped into her about half way. I heard her gasp and then relax. He slowly pulled almost all the way out as he squeezed more fluid on the entrance to her ass. He pushed forward and this time most of it went in. He settled there, I think waiting for her to acclimate to the feeling of his penis in her ass.
I put my hands over my vagina and allowed a finger to enter my wanting hole. It felt nice as my mind was absorbing this erotic scene of this small woman taking Proctor's penis.
He started moving in and out of her butt. I could hear Sally moaning with pleasure. Proctor was all the way in now. With each thrust his torso pressed against her butt cheeks like he wanted it as far in as possible. Then she started bucking her hips causing his dick to bounce all around inside her tight hole. I was sure she was having a massive orgasm. And suddenly I was joining her with my own.
Proctor growled, "Sweetie, I am ready to blow."
Sally said, "Henry give it to me. Give it to me baby." He reached around her torso, grabbed both breasts and pushed into her even harder. He had to be very deep inside her as he ejaculated. I was amazed. I hadn't imagined anything like this. It was clear this was a very intimate of pleasure between the two of them. I knew I wanted more adventures like this.
They collapsed in each other's arms. After a long embrace, they both reached over for me and included me in their embrace.
I said, "Did you like Sally's birthday gift?"
Proctor said, "I loved it. My wife never ceases to amaze me. Thank you both for my gift."
Sally said, "I think a new Mercedes has been created here tonight."
After a long period of cuddling, we fell asleep.