I am prepared to admit that I may be pushing the boundaries of the assignment for the2022 On The JobChallenge, but this story is itself about pushing the boundaries of an assignment. Besides, I think a serious research project is certainly a workplace, even if the main workers are still students.
Please remember (as is the case with all my stories), should you be looking for 'Realism', just move on. As always, I aim for 'Ridiculously Plausible'. All experimental subjects, as well as the scientists, are older than eighteen.
This one is a bit of a Sprawling Epic, spreading out as it is over length and breadth of all of seventy-two hours and two small rooms... It is certainly the longest single story I've written here on Literotica. I hope you enjoy it.
—————
*——The Kramner Institute of Behavioral Sciences is the over-glorious name for what is essentially a small but well-funded working group in the university psychology department. Despite the broad and bland name, Kramner focuses exclusively on the narrow study of human sexuality, and all its classes are labeled as such. The introductory classes, Human Sexuality 101 and 102, which are absolute prerequisites for all other classes within the major, boast a huge number of students, many from outside the HuSex degree track, and indeed from outside the field of psychology entirely. This is hardly surprising, considering that the nickname for HS101-102 among the greater student body is Perving for Pros. But HS101 has the highest drop rate among all classes at the entire university, and HS102 is not far behind, both are GPA killers... and both are, with intermittent exceptions, boring.
All this is by design.
The primary reason they are so hard and mostly so boring is to act as a winnowing, to ensure that casual students do not clutter up the more serious upper division classes. A student has to have a serious interest in the major to make it through 101, and a serious ability to make it through 102. But the classes are made just sexually interesting enough to keep up the reputation of Perving for Pros. That keeps those introductory classes swollen with horny undergrads, and that means funding for the department. ——*
I will admit, I was one of those freshmen who took HS101 because I thought it would be easy, and because, well, I was of course horny.
But I discovered in myself almost immediately a fascination for the subject, and not just the prurient parts. Furthermore, I displayed a real aptitude for the study as well. Not only did I make it through 102, I had already changed my major from PoliSci to Psych-HuSex before my freshman spring semester was even complete.
Once through to the courses that were effectively for HuSex majors only, almost everything changed for me and the others who made it. The course difficulty remained the same, but now everyone in the classes had shown an aptitude for and commitment to the subject in a serious way. We all could handle it, and could help each other when needed. That made the atmosphere relaxed instead of tense.
The subject matter became more interesting too, but let's not get crazy. I know people persist in thinking that Human Sexuality classes are little more than regularly scheduled orgies, but that is absolutely not the truth. You don't need to be sexually active at all to pursue the subject. I knew a girl in the class ahead of me who graduated Cum Laude while still a virgin. And to be honest, most of us don't socialize much at all, much less date within the department. There is a huge amount of work, and if you want any life at all outside the books, you need to take every opportunity to get away from your peers. I dated one girl from the department, my sophomore year. We fought constantly until we broke up, then almost as soon as we did, we found ourselves good friends once more.
It is not widely publicized, but Kramner's approach to Human Sexuality is not just as a field of study, but as an experimental science. This makes things tricky sometimes with the university's scientific ethics board, but it generally works. Students from Kramner almost never participate as subjects, however. Our knowledge of the issues at play makes us generally bad objects of study. If a study participant has significant knowledge about what the researcher is actually studying, it affects their behavior.
My final undergraduate spring term, I had two HuSex courses that made up fifty percent of my credits, but eighty percent of my workload. The more fascinating of the two was a new class, Human Sexuality 555: Advanced Isolation Study, which examined the effects of isolation from or with others on the human sexual mindset.
On the second Monday of the semester, I and the six other students in the course were waiting for class to begin when the door opened and we looked over to see not only Professor Gandy, the sweet, gentle lady who was our teacher, but also the dean of the institute, Dr. Mannheim. (We called him dean, but he was really the director. Kramner was too small to have an actual dean.) He had joined Professor Gandy that morning to outline for us a research project that we would be assisting the the two of them with.
One of the advantages for undergrads in our department is that there are damned few grads to get between us and the professors. Most upper division classes involve assisting in real research, even if it is mostly just interviews, observation, record keeping, or especially data collation and presentation.
"I've been very pleased with each of you in this class over your careers as students here," our silver-haired professor told us. "You would not have been invited to take this class otherwise. In light of that, Dr. Mannheim and I are going to give you the opportunity to manage your own parallel experiments!" That got an excited buzz.
"We have split you into three groups for this project," Dr. Mannheim said, in the light southern drawl the absolutely did not match his name. "That means that for well or weal, one group will have three students. You will each run one instance of the outlined experiment. You will have the opportunity to take responsibility for recruiting your test subjects, preparing the study space, proctoring the experiment, and reporting your results and your methods to us and to the class as a whole."
"Dr. Mannheim and I are studying the effects of total isolation upon pairs of strangers," Professor Gandy said, taking over the introduction. "Each group will be responsible for recruiting a pair of test subjects. Each pair should consist of one cis-gendered male and one female adults of undergraduate age, who are utter strangers to one another. Participants all need to be conventionally attractive at the least, currently unattached, and should be sexually active in the median range for the general population."
A few students stirred. Dr. Mannheim sensed the incipient objections and interjected. "Yes, this is a tiny data set, with very narrow demographics. And the criteria is weighted to create the best opportunity to observe... interesting results." It was nice to see that he confronted the obvious issues with the study head-on, and I for one relaxed a little. "This is an entirely new area of study for Professor Gandy and me, and this first round is more of a proof-of-value to see if we should devote the larger resources of the Institute to further research." He smiled, his soft face and neatly-trimmed beard displaying a sheepishly apologetic mein. "While this is a great opportunity for you all to gain almost top-to-bottom experience with experimentation in this field, I am afraid this is one of those rounds of research that will likely never see publication. Students who follow you may be the ones to get their names in print, I'm afraid."
Most of us didn't care. We were going to actually do some research, mostly on our own. This would be work work, not school work.
There were three guys in the class, so we were distributed one each among the three working groups. One girl was assigned to each of the second and third groups, while two, Anna and Chelsea, were assigned to... mine.
I was of two minds on this. A third team member meant a lot more man-hours to get the thing set up, especially valuable since we were going first. I had been in a few classes with each girl over my four years in the program. Both seemed fairly cool, but I did not know either well. I could be sure that each would shoulder her share of the workload, at least. But three people meant fifty percent more minds to settle disputes among, and if we did well, it meant a third less credit for each of us!
After handing out identical briefing packets to each student, the faculty dismissed class early so we could all go have team meetings and start assembling questions and a plan. Anna, Chelsea, and I adjourned together to a study room in the library that by some miracle was available on short notice, where we lounged around reading through the framework.
Chelsea whistled low. "Recruiting our subjects is going to be harder than I thought. I guess that is why they left it to us. It will be a big test in and of itself!
Anna asked, puzzled, "Hard? We get to offer an $1,100 stipend to each participant! We will be fending off applicants with a stick."
"Applicants, yes," I agreed with Chelsea. "But when they hear exactly what is involved? It is seventy-two hours alone in a single room, with a total stranger, no TV, no electronics, no communications, no personal reading material, no games, and no homework. We will lose almost every applicant before we even get to interviewing."
Chelsea toyed with her long auburn ponytail, biting the tip. "I do think that they are giving us some help here, by suggesting we do our recruiting in person, rather than just using the usual flyers."
"I think that is a good idea," added Anna, leaning forward. "Especially when you add some of the criteria we certainlywon'tbe telling recruits about, like 'attractive'. What is up with that?"
"Oh come on, Anna, you have to know," I said with a grin. I tossed my stress ball up and caught it idly out of the air. "Let's make sure that we are all on the same page about what they want to study, and what they want to see."
"I think the subject name might be a clue: Human Sexuality?" smirked Chelsea.
"Exactly," I said. "Our job is to put two people in a room with nothing to do for three days and watch whether, how long until, and in what ways they decide to get jiggy with it. Getting good-looking subjects will make an 'interesting result' more likely."
"Is that good science?" asked Chelsea doubtfully.
Anna heaved a big sigh, which despite my focus on the task at hand, was not the worst sight I had ever seen. "Probably not. But Dr. Mannheim specifically said that they were putting their thumb on the scale with these proof of concept experiments we are running."
"Yup," I agreed, still tossing my stress ball. "Let's be blunt. Theywantthat 'interesting' result. If we want to get the best grade, which I for one certainly do, we need to obtain subjects that will have the three of us taking shifts for three days as we watch two people explore their limits of boredom-averting copulation."
"Fuck!" exclaimed Anna, brandishing her packet. Chelsea and I looked at her, concerned. "About that trading off idea, no dice. They wantussequestered the whole time too, to ensure that we all have the same observational data. While they are stuck in the one room, we will be stuck on the other side of one-way glass in another!" She read a line or two more. "The only thing that we get to make it easier for us to stave off boredom is that we can bring our homework, personal reading material, and phones. But they warn that the facility is effectively shielded, meaning that we will have no cell service or WiFi either!"
"Fuck!" Chelsea and I agreed.
"If we don't get a live porno show to study, I may sleep twelve hours a day," I grumbled.
"I hope you don't snore. I hope none of us snore," Anna said darkly.
"I'll be sure to bring my Breathe-Right strips," Chelsea sighed quietly.
"Hey," Anna piped up. "We each get seventy bucks as a stipend for the overnight work!"
"Woo-hoo," I said with dark humor. "We are professional researchers now."
*
The brief seemed to suggest that the female member(s) of the team should take point on recruiting the female subject, and the male, the male. We decided that we would go against that advice. We didn't want conventionally attractive participants who had sex occasionally. To get the best grade, and to stave off boredom, we wanted two hot kids on the make. We all three judged that a guy could get a better read on the female candidates for our purposes, and vice versa.
To ensure that we fulfilled the total stranger requirement, we decided that the girls would recruit our male participant from on our own campus, while I would go all the way across town to a large art college located in the suburbs out that way. The student body there was seventy-five percent women, which helped us in several ways.
I checked on the public schedule at the arts campus and compared it to my own. I found a good time where I was available and would get to see the maximum number of students passing by, and got a permit to 'table' at that time each day from their administration.
We all started the very next day. I set myself up with a card table and a modest, professional-looking sign saying that our university's psychology department (technically true) was offering $$$$ to a female participant for a three-day study. I sat at the table, wearing my university gear, and displaying no information about the study whatsoever.
It took me ten of the fourteen days available to find a female candidate who was hungry enough, bored enough, footloose enough, and hot enough for our needs. Tabitha was crossing the campus and as I watched her walk, I immediately wished she'd come over and ask about the study, but we had decided that actively approaching subjects was a bad idea. Fortunately, she caught sight of my sign and detoured to find out more. She leaned the huge portfolio she was carrying against the table and leaned over to ask what this was all about. She wore yoga pants that outlined some way above average curves, and one of those athletic tops that is just a bra renamed so girls can wear it in public with no actual top on. The bra/top provided a lot more coverage than many like it, but then Tabitha had a lot more to cover than most girls. I signed her up on the spot.
*
The girls, being two reasonably attractive women, tabling on a much larger campus, had candidates to spare in only seven days. They ended up playing Roshambo to choose between their favorites. Anna won, and that meant we selected Carlos, a guy none of us had ever met before.
*
Participants set, we moved on to working with the other teams to set up the space we were provided. This was the only part of the project where we were allowed to work with the other teams. Otherwise, we were strictly forbidden by the protocol from discussing our efforts, strategy, subjects, or results until all experiments were finished and we presented our results to the faculty and class.
The Institute rented for us an audio recording studio from the school of music, consisting of two adjacent rooms, one large and well-lit, and the other somewhat smaller, and darker. The studio was available to us because it was in the middle of being renovated and updated. The old sound equipment, the giant mixing board, and essentially all other furniture had been removed as part of the renovation, and the replacement sound equipment would not arrive for installation for several weeks, providing us with the chance to use the space. We would employ the larger, more brightly lit space where sound artists performed when recording as the confinement area for the subjects. The connected sound engineer's space would be our observation room. In the case of our team, it was going to be a little cramped with three people.
We installed two full-sized beds from IKEA in the experiment room, two mismatched but similar and comfortable arm chairs, and lots of food. Our idea was to establish a comfortable space to endure some boredom, without being suggestive of this being an experiment in Human Sexuality.
When we went to set up our space, we found that we did not have enough room for two beds, much less the three our first group would have needed. After some discussion with the other teams, we put in three oversized, super soft futons, and three canvas director's chairs (the tall type) to give us a good view when observing for long periods. Anna, Chelsea, and I stocked our space with food for ourselves during our confinement. Our casual conversation between teams during set-up was mostly bitching about our own required isolation, certain it was unnecessary. But protocol is protocol, and you don't break it if you want a usable result.
Although it seemed a bit of overkill, I was still grateful when one of the other groups dropped off some yoga mats, hand weights, and a set of aerobic step platforms. I wasn't going to get out of shape in three days, but a little exercise can help when you go stir crazy, a fate I was by now expecting for ourselves. Hopefully, our subjects would just go old-fashioned sex crazy instead of stir.
Between the two spaces, there was a gigantic, triple-glazed, vacuum-sealed, sound-proof window. I and the other two dudes in our class spent most of our time during the set-up covering that window with highly reflective film that would give the observers a great view, and the study participants a great mirror. Doing it right was hard, and we wasted about a hundred bucks worth of the film before we got the hang of applying it. When we were done though, the four foot by ten foot window looked like a perfect mirror from the subject's side.
Both rooms were magnificently sound-proofed, from the outside and from each other. But, as we had been told, this also meant that the walls were too thick for cellular signals to penetrate (we all tried), and the inside WiFi repeaters had been torn out with the other electronics. The intercom was still intact, but we borrowed a sound engineer from the music department to futz it so that the microphone in with the subjects was always on, while our mic was completely disabled. We would hear everything they said and did. They would hear nothing from us.
Anna, Chelsea, and I obtained a supply of dark blue scrubs for the participants to wear during our experiment. The bland garments were adorned only with the light blue logo of the university and a matching band around the neck.
We researchers could wear our own clothes, but we were told that to get in the right clinical mind-set, we should wear white cotton lab coats. We were not working with any caustics or chemicals of course, which made the coats clearly pointless, not to mention a little ridiculous, especially for three students who would be wearing casual clothes underneath for comfort. But every Kramner faculty member wore the things all the time, so we all played along. I'll be honest, I didn't mind, and I don't think Anna or Chelsea did either. It kind of made me feel like a real scientist.
The experiment was to begin at noon, so the three of us showed up at 10:30. We stashed our book bags and clothes in the observation space, checked the one-way mirror one last time, and then split up to meet our subjects.
My recruit, Tabitha, arrived quite early, which was good. I double-checked and realized that she had parked somewhere where her car would have been towed if she had left it parked for three days in a row. I directed her to a better location, and we still had time for me to hand her a set of the scrubs and ask her to change into them. I stood guard over the door to an empty rehearsal room in the music building while she donned her scrubs.
Tabitha had, as I had suggested, wisely eschewed the heavy makeup she had been wearing when I met her. I was glad to see that that left her face tanned and rather bland, but still pretty. This was a good thing, because with her usual heavy and artsy face paint, the shock of purple hair atop the art student's head might otherwise have made her look like an asylum inmate when she wore those scrubs. Regardless, she looked as good as someone can in shapeless garments, her good-sized rack and curvy but tight bubble butt still managing to signal their presence through the loose polyester.
As previously decided, I brought Tabitha to the experiment room first, chatting about other bland, boring studies from other parts of the Psych department as if I had run them myself. I showed her the food, the beds, and the tiny cloth-walled cubicle, equipped with a high-tech chemical toilet, dry shampoos, deodorants, and other waterless body cleansing products, that provided the only, highly uncomfortable, privacy in the space.
As I left, I pointed out the fire alarm on the wall that they should pull if there was a problem and needed to get out of the locked space.
"Won't you guys see if we need help?" Tabitha asked a little drily, indicating the mirrored window.
Ready for that question, I shrugged. "Someone is supposed to be there at all times, 'observing'," I replied, making finger quote marks in the air around 'observing'. I went on to lie, "I don't know about everybody else, but I have a lot of homework, not to mention a girlfriend. Your questionnaires at the end will provide most of our hard data for the experiment."
If the questionnaires actually provided most of our data, then the experiment would be a disastrous failure...
I let myself out and hustled around the corner to the observation room. (We had disabled the door that directly connected the spaces.) Anna was waiting in the hall outside. She saw that I had Tabitha settled, and scuttled off to give Chelsea the heads up. Anna slipped back into our space just as Chelsea entered the experiment room with our male specimen, Carlos.
And specimen he was. At six feet, he was as tall as me, and his thick shock of black hair, mahogany-tinged skin, and dark eyes made for a striking look. And the girls had issued him clothes that fit like TV doctor scrubs, not real doctor scrubs, making his status as a gym rat clear to see...
Chelsea introduced the two, gave Carlos the rundown, and slipped hurriedly out. As Chelsea reappeared in the observation room with us, Anna toggled the big digital timer, and the seventy-two hour countdown began.
The three of us settled down in the high director's chairs and got ready to be bored for a while.
"All right, time for the pool," announced Anna, flipping her notebook to a page with a table of blank spaces on it. "Everybody give me your projected time for when we all agree that irritation manifests itself regarding the boredom, and then your projected time where we first see some 'experimental results'."
"How much?" I asked, thinking.
"Ten bucks each, split the winnings between the two winners," Anna said. Chelsea pulled out a ten, and I a twenty. I gave Anna the twenty, and Chelsea handed me the ten. Anna added her own Hamilton and pocketed the pool. I chose boredom to appear in less than an hour, and jiggery-pokery to commence by 10:30 the next morning. Anna thought boredom would come much later, and she didn't expect any experimental results until tomorrow night. Chelsea was in the middle on both.
Tabitha and Carlos shook hands tentatively but politely. The two traded sheepish comments about being lab rats. That conversation rapidly segued into the $1,100 each would be paid, and what they would do with the money, which got both excited. As they chatted, they explored their fairly confined space. Tabitha looked up at the mirror and decided to wave at us.
"Hi guys!" she called with a smile. When she of course got no response of any kind from us, she asked Carlos, "Think they are all in there, staring at us?"
We looked at each other, then went back to staring at them.
He considered the question briefly. "Maybe right now, at the start. But they all have lives, right?" He flopped into one of the mis-matched armchairs to test its comfort level. The chairs were wide and soft, and the arms were very low. "And it isn't like we are going to be performing any tasks, or taking tests, or, well, pretty much anything specific while we are in here for them to evaluate. What's there for them to watch, right? I'll bet most of the time, there will be at most one poor bastard in there to make sure we don't die, just doing their homework... or surfing porn!"
They both laughed, as did we, to be honest.
The two resumed exploring. They spent a lot of time going through the food and junk food that we had supplied. We had already determined that neither had any real dietary restrictions. That had been part of our selection process. They decided to catalog what was there, and what each liked. "This way we can make sure we each get a fair share of the things we both like," Carlos suggested.
Chelsea mused, "I think it is encouraging that they are working together already, don't you?"
"It bodes well," I agreed.
The two moved over to the modest stack of printed magazines we had left them for 'entertainment'. They leafed through the small pile, at first idly, them with more intensity.
"You have got to be fucking kidding me!" exclaimed Tabitha. Then she blanched and said, "Excuse me!"
Carlos just laughed at her embarrassment over the profanity and replied supportively, "No skin off my fucking nose!" He leafed through a bit more of the pile, and went on, "And I agree with your sentiment as well as your vocabulary. Did they raid some doctor's office waiting room for this time capsule?"
We had selected the magazines and catalogs for several characteristics. All were woefully out of date, with no connecting subject matter in the articles, but most had attractive men and women on the covers and/or inside. Many were beat up, others were missing key pages.
"I think we did well with our subject selections, guys," I said. "They both seem cooperative and pretty level-headed. Let's hope they keep hitting it off."
"Yeah," said Chelsea hesitantly. "Maybe. But I'm concerned that they both seem a little too ready for the boredom. What if they both have sufficient inner monologue to handle the monotony?"
Anna looked at the clock. "It's been twenty-five minutes, Chelsea."
*
The boredom got to the three of us quickly enough, that is for sure. By 2:30, I had thrown myself on a futon and took a nap. Anna banged away quietly on her laptop, and Chelsea passed the time sketching Anna in charcoal on a drawing pad.
Just when I finally drifted off to actual slumber, Anna shook me. "Wake up. Chelsea and I think it is time to call the moment where they stopped having fun with the boredom."
I struggled up and took a look. Tabitha had just tossed her stack of reading material in the air. She flipped a bird at the mirrored wall and growled, "I swear, Carlos, they went out of their way to make this boring. These magazines... I thought this was a serious scientific study, but maybe they are just playing a practical joke!"
Carlos looked daggers in turn at the mirror, guessing wrongly where we were actually located behind it. This lessened the effect of his glare, focused as it was on the empty part of the room to our left. "Maybe you people are actually studying boredom, not isolation," he almost spat at the mirror. He paused and looked at Tabitha with a shrug, "In which case, I have to congratulate them on some excellent design on their experiment." She chuckled in reply, both of their natural good humors reasserting themselves... a little.
"I don't like how much they keep trying to talk to us through the mirror," worried Chelsea.
"I'm not," I replied. "Actually, I like it. The more they talk to it and get no reply, the more it just reflects themselves back at them, the more they will start to internalize it as a mirror, instead of a window."
"Ooh, aren't you the psychology major?" cooed Anna sarcastically, but in cautious agreement.
"Call me Sigmund," I replied, in a thick German accent. We all laughed loudly, louder than my joke deserved. The noise was no problem, however. We had already determined that they could hear nothing we did in here, no matter how loud, short of our actually physically banging on the window.
We handed Chelsea the first fifteen bucks of the pool money, and realized that the boredom was getting to us at least as fast as it was to them.
*
"I think it is working," I mused later that evening. Our subjects had tried and exhausted Twenty Questions, Alphabet, and all the other word games you play in the car that either of them knew, and were just sitting or moving around idly, making desultory conversation.
"Really?" doubted Chelsea.
"I don't see it," added Anna.
"I do," I said, leaning forward in my chair. "Tabitha just got out of her chair and started wandering again. Did you see Carlos' eyes?" They both shook their heads. They had been looking at Tabitha's movements. "He has started focusing his gaze a lot more intently on her in the last half hour." Tabitha turned just then, and Carlos swiftly swung his gaze to the fridge so she would not catch him staring.
"I saw that," Anna said excitedly. "He is scoping her out for sure now. More than when they first met, even."
"A lot more," I agreed.
As if to cover for his staring, in case Tabitha had caught him anyway, Carlos popped up and went to grab a Sprite from the fridge.
"Look at that," exclaimed Chelsea with something like excitement (an emotion the three of us by this point had thought lost to the shadows of history). "Now she has her eyes glued to his ass when he walked away!"
"Why not?" Anna almost giggled. "It's a nice ass."
The scientist in me had begun to study my partners too, in a clinical way of course. At first, focused as I had been on the experiment, I had lumped Anna and Chelsea into a sort of single entity labeled, 'The Girls'. But moments like this helped to crystalize their differences.
Chelsea was the more introverted of the two. She had chosen to wear khaki slacks and an IZOD shirt under her lab coat, the kind of comfortable clothes that let you see that she was fit, with some nice lean curves, but didn't give an observer a good grasp on any specifics. She also tended to hold her coat tight against her more and more as the experiment went on, which I thought was weird, given that it was, as we had all predicted, warm in there. Her body language was usually indifferent but relaxed. It made her appear a little shorter than she was. On those occasions where she got animated and stood up straight, she was nearly as tall as I was. Chelsea was damned smart, and a contributor, but she also was the doubtful, the cautious one.
Anna was much shorter, and more assertive. The clothes she wore produced a odd mix of impressions between practical don't-give-a-shit, and really, pretty hot. Under the lab coat that she clearly only wore at sufferance to the protocol, she sported a tight, cut-off pair of jeans and a form-fitting zip-front denim vest, with the zipper pulled all the way up. Her short, carelessly styled, dirty blonde hair might have been drab, and her lack of makeup almost defiantly revealed the faint traces of teenage years spent battling acne, but there was no doubt about the quality and placement of her curves. That vest might have been zipped too high to display any cleavage at all, but it was tight enough to let you know that while her bust was not equal to Tabitha's, it was nearly in the same league.
Honestly, I had only started noticing where Tabitha and especially Carlos's eyes were going after I caught the way my own had started following my colleagues.
Suck it Carlos, I thought. You have one pretty girl to ogle to relieve the boredom. I have two. Three, if I included Tabitha, which, hell yes I did. Even in those shapeless scrubs, she was stacked.
Of course, the purpose of this exercise was not about boredom-relieving curves, especially not for me, but to determine whether the circumstances we had created would result in Carlos and Tabitha moving well beyond those sidelong glances...
*
"I don't fucking know how I'm going to do this Carlos," Tabitha said suddenly, swinging from the line on the floor that she had been pacing in front of the window between us.
"I know, I'm frustrated too..." Carlos began to reply.
"I'm not frustrated," Tabitha contradicted him. She turned and leaned her back against the window absently. "I think I'm at the end of my rope. It hasn't been half a day yet. We are supposed to takethree daysof this?"
"This is good," Chelsea whispered, as if Tabitha could hear us. "It's like she's forgotten we are back here."
Anna and I shushed her so we could hear, but nodded our agreement.
"I know. It sucks," grumbled Carlos, in a mix of sympathy and impatience.
"Why are doing this again?" bitched Tabitha. "It ain't like this is going to cure cancer."
"Weare doing it for eleven hundred bucks apiece," Carlos snarled, but trying to keep his eyes on the prize. Tabitha nodded begrudgingly.
Twenty minutes later, Tabitha was leafing through some more of the reading material we had left for them, exploring the crap she had dismissed the first time through. Carlos was prowling around the room like a caged puma. As he passed Tabitha, he looked over her shoulder and exclaimed, "Really? A men's underwear catalog?"
"Back off. I'm a grownup," grumped Tabitha. "Besides, this is about all there is left I haven't read twice."
"I'm not blaming you," Carlos said, waving a hand irritably. "I just look at that and think, with as old as this pile of crap they left us is, there really ought to have been a Victoria's Secret catalog in there for me!"
That actually got them both to laugh a little.
"Let's eat dinner," suggested Carlos. Tabitha agreed, and the two of them perused the fridge. They each selected one of the numerous chicken Caesar salads that we had bought pre-made at the grocery store, and a soda.
"A little booze would have been considerate," grumbled Carlos.
"I'm not 21 for three months, are you?" laughed Tabitha.
"No," Carlos replied. "But still... a little booze would have been considerate."
They ate peaceably.
After dinner, they tried playing some more word games, but their hearts were definitely not in it. Eventually, they just sort of drifted into unhappy silence.
Later, Tabitha began to pace around the room irritably. Sometimes she stretched, sometimes, she jogged in place.
Carlos eyes followed her, a cloudy expression on is face.
"Is he staring at her, or glaring at her?" Chelsea mused.
"I'm going to go with a stare," Anna replied.
Chelsea stopped and stretched again, arms over her head as she bent her knees into a half squat and turned her shoulders side to side.
"I don't know about Carlos," I joked, "but I for one am staring." That stretch nicely showcased, even under those baggy scrubs, two of the, ahem, biggest reasons that I had decided to recruit Tabitha. I found her jogging in place to be similarly interesting.
Unfortunately, before Carlos could get too interested, Tabitha tired of her desultory exercise and flopped back into the chair she had claimed as hers. They both leafed through the magazines some more.
The brief respite from their boredom, and, more importantly from my perspective, our own was over. We all just sort of sat there, on our respective sides of the glass, for a mind-blisteringly long time.
We were all saved, I guess, by a flicker of the lights. The protocol called for the lights to dim at 10:45, then go out at 11:00. They were set up to do this automatically, because we could not risk the subjects turning their lights off while ours were still on. They could then have seen through the one-way glass.
When the lights dimmed, all five of us rushed to brush our teeth, and by eleven we had all gotten into our beds. I never go to bed that early, but that night, my brain just wanted to shut down. I fell asleep quickly, but I still was awake long enough to hear an indistinct snore coming through the intercom, and a clearer one coming from Chelsea's direction. A motion alarm would wake us if either of the subjects got out of their beds in the night. It never went off the whole night.
*
My dreams were a nice break from the monotony. Even upon waking, I could not remember any details, but I was certain I had dreamt about Tabitha, and yes, inthatway. I also had the distinct impression that I'd enjoyed a similar dream about Anna... or maybe Chelsea? I enjoy a good sex dream, but even if I didn't, I would have still truly just been glad for a good eight hours free from boredom.
Our lights came up ten minutes before theirs, but just enough for us to see, not bright enough to be seen through the glass. It was enough to make it easier for us to respond to our alarm clock and get up before them.
When their lights came up, they came up slowly, taking ten minutes to reach full brightness.
We watched as the subjects shielded their eyes, and groused to each other about the rude awakening.
"Is there at least coffee?" queried Tabitha.
Carlos got out of bed first, and checked in the food box. "Instant only," he sighed.
"Piss," observed Tabitha. "At least I got a good sleep. How about you?"
Carlos looked furtive. "Uh, yeah. Pretty dreamless, actually," he added almost defensively, avoiding her eyes.
Tabitha started at the mention of dreams, as if remembering something herself. "Yeah," she agreed quickly. "Me too."
Carlos microwaved water for the coffee while Tabitha slipped into the toilet area to change into fresh scrubs. When she came out, Carlos handed her a cup of Folger's and went to change his scrubs too.
They shared Frosted Flakes, actually having an almost lively conversation about sugar cereals. But soon after breakfast, the talk died away again. They flopped back into their chairs and sat listlessly.
For two hours, they just sat around. Each would shoot occasional glances at the other. Once or twice, one would take a shot a conversation, but nothing took hold.
Tabitha was finally reduced to reading one of the old hunting magazines in the stack of periodicals. She tossed it aside after paging through half. "I don't know what I was expecting from this 'experiment' but this is certainly not it!"
Carlos shared a wry smile with her. "Damned straight. I was certain that they'd give us something to do..."
"This is good," said Chelsea, who had become our de facto lead on studying their attitudes toward us and the mirror. "They aren't even glaring our way any more, much less gesturing or looking at us."
Fifteen minutes after her last outburst, Tabitha burst out of her chair and started to walk in a circle near the exit. "Screw this! I am not going to put up with seventy-two hours of this shit." She idly rattled the doorknob. It was, of course, locked to prevent spontaneous excursions ruining the whole experiment. Worse, she then stalked off around the room, but her gaze started repeatedly going to the fire alarm.
"This is not good," I said tensely. "If she starts banging on the exit, or the window, demanding to be let out, we will have to do it, and the experiment fails completely."
"Do we really have to let them out?" asked Anna wistfully.
"Yes," I grumped, answering her calmly to remind us all why. "The fucking protocol demands it. Besides, no good grade is worth a sentence for kidnapping."
None of us talked out loud about those looks at the fire alarm, but we all tensed whenever Tabitha's gaze returned to it. If she pulled that alarm, not only would the experiment be over, but the other groups' experiments after ours would almost certainly never happen in the first place. The music department would be pissed at the disruption, and the ethics board would have an enquiry. The whole semester would be fucked, and it would have beenourhand-selected subjects who did the fucking. The wrong kind of fucking.
"I'm going to quit," Tabitha declared.
"No!" shouted Carlos, coming out of his chair. "I don't know about you, but I need that money."
"I need it too! But come on. Is it worth our sanity?" Tabitha took a step toward the alarm. All three of us rose from our chairs as one and approached the window. We had all silently decided the same thing: if she looked like actually pulling the handle, we would bang on the glass for all we were worth. Better to ruin just our experiment than all three.
Carlos also saw where she was looking and slid between her and the alarm. "One Thousand, One Hundred dollars," he said earnestly.
Tabitha hesitated for an agonizing moment, then spun and stalked away. I relaxed slightly.
Anna wondered, "Did she back down because she needs the money, or because Carlos needs it?"
"Don't rest easy," warned Chelsea, "she could still grab that handle at any moment."
We all tensely watched what would happen next. This was not the kind of human drama and interaction we wanted or needed. My heart was racing.
Tabitha paced for a moment more, then slumped back against the window with her arms crossed. We couldn't see her face, but she was clearly glaring at Carlos.
"Thanks," he said, in polite relief rather than gratitude.
"My pleasure..." Tabitha replied, reminding me that she told me that she spent her summers working at Chick-Fil-A. "...Not!" she added acerbically.
"What is your actual problem?" Carlos asked, approaching her. "Boredom? People get bored all the time."
"I'm not just bored," complained Tabitha, still leaning back defensively against the mirror. "I think I'm losing my mind!"
"She has definitely forgotten this is a window," Chelsea breathed quietly.
"You are right," Anna agreed with quiet excitement. "When she was about to break, she never once looked toward us, only the exit."
"You are not losing your mind. I am not losing my mind," muttered Carlos, who didn't sound like he was sure about either of those statements. "You are just bored." He turned his back to her and waved his hands at the room. "We just need a distraction. Anything," he added, his shoulders slumping a tiny bit.
Tabitha just stared at him. I've trained a lot in examining body language. I noted that Tabitha slightly, subtly straightened her spine.
"I think she's staring at his ass," Anna said tensely.
"Hell, I'm staring at his ass too," snorted Chelsea. Carlos's overly close fitting scrubs did pull across his backside fairly revealingly.
Then, through the intercom we heard, quietly but clearly, a muttered, "I see a distraction," from Tabitha. We all practically held our breath. Chelsea reached out to hold my hand, holding Anna's on her other side as well.
Carlos had to have heard it too. He froze an abortive step away, then turned slowly back to Tabitha. The expressions on his face were a clinically fascinating mix of emotions, all ineffectively buried under a look of bland curiosity. I doubted it fooled Tabitha. I knew it didn't fool me or my colleagues. We had all taken HuSex 275: The Facial Language of Desire. Carlos took a step toward Tabitha, balancing as if on a knife's edge, right at the edge of her personal space. "Oh yeah?" Carlos replied. "I don't see any distractions..."
"Don't you?" Tabitha said, her voice in a low tone. She stood up free from the window, her shoulders held back. The movement carried her in turn well inside Carlos's personal space. He didn't flinch away.
Our hands clenched their grips on one other even harder. Even though the subjects could not hear us, we held quiet as church mice.
We could not see Tabitha's eyes, unfortunately, but it was a safe bet they were mirroring Carlos's. His locked on her face momentarily, but then began to run up and down her whole body. After a few moments, they returned to her face.
"I think..." he said.
"How about..." Tabitha said, their voices running over one another.
They froze, then Carlos lifted his arms to her hips and pushed her back against the window right in front of us, planting a kiss on her lips.
"Yes!" I crowed, pumping my fist like Tiger Woods. Chelsea turned away from me to Anna to trade high fives. We quickly quieted and turned back to the one-way glass to watch sudden victory blossom forth from the verge of disaster.
Tabitha's purple hair mashed back against the window, and her arms lifted to drape around Carlos's shoulders.
"How long do you thing they will kiss like this before they try anything else?" Chelsea mused curiously.
"It might be a while," I speculated. "This has got to be sudden and exciting for them," I went on, leaning forward, "it could last them for a bit." I found my own breathing was as shallow as the subjects' appeared to be. The fear adrenalin pumped into my system by all those gazes at the fire alarm still coursed through my veins, joined now by other hormones of glee and relief. I also noticed absently that other bodily chemicals were in play too. I was getting firmer in my pants as I watched them. I spared a corner of my mind to marvel at the burning chemical soup my blood currently was.
"They easily might end up not doing much more than this," Anna added, with some disappointment in her voice. "We will have to see over the next few hours..."
Carlos's hands slid off Tabitha's hips to grasp her ass hard, fingers figging into her round, firm buttocks. She responded instantly by lifting and wrapping one leg around the back of his. Her hands slid from his shoulders and ran slowly yet somehow impatiently down his back until she was squeezing his ass as hard as he was hers.
Carlos responded almost instantly by releasing one of his hands and sliding it purposefully right up under her scrubs top. It was hard to see from our angle, but he was clearly groping one of those big breasts.
"Holy..." one of us breathed. It might have been me, but I don't think so.
Tabitha groaned and pulled his hips hard against her own. Dissatisfied, she released her leg and spun in his grasp to lean forward against the window and press her butt backward against his crotch.
"Oh... yeah!" Carlos muttered, pressing his hips forward against her. His grasp on both her tit and her ass came loose as she spun, but he now slid both hands up underneath her scrubs. We watched, mesmerized as his hands worked over her mammaries under the loose fabric.
Tabitha wiggled happily back against him, grinding her buttocks against his penis. Her gaze seemed to point straight at me, but she clearly was looking only at her own reflection, along with that of Carlos pressing against her. Our hours of unresponsiveness had settled the window as a mirror in her mind. I idly wondered how long that mindset would last. I also wondered, somewhat more urgently, how I was going to adjust myself to comfortably accommodate the raging hard-on growing in my suddenly restrictive chinos... without embarrassing myself in front of the girls.
I managed somehow, chiefly because their attention was as fixed on the show before us as mine was.
Carlos leaned forward against her, kissing and licking the side of her neck.
"Maybe I can stay entertained for seventy-two hours after all," we heard Tabitha laugh through the intercom.
"Less than that now," growled Carlos, suddenly tugging her scrubs top upward to expose her bra-clad breasts. "More like only fifty!" He grasped her breasts again, as if suddenly loathe to waste a minute.
"Damn," purred Tabitha, straightening enough to release her hands from the mirror. "How will we fit it all in?" She pushed her hands up under Carlos's, grabbed the cups of her bra, and pulled them out and down to nestle beneath her rack. His hands leapt back to her now bared breasts, clutching them eagerly.
Beside me, Chelsea pulled her lab coat tight against her, shivering as she watched. I shot a glance beyond her toward Anna, who was sucking on her lower lip.
As Carlos massaged Tabitha's boobs, she started rubbing her ass even more demandingly back against him. He responded by sliding his hands reluctantly from her chest, then with increasing speed down to her waistband. Hooking his thumbs under the elastic, Carlos slowly worked her pants loose over her hips. Tabitha leaned forward, pressing her bare tits against the glass. Her hardened nipples bent as they were pressed against the surface, rolling against the dark roseate circles of her aureoles.
"Nice!" commented Anna with a chuckle about Tabitha's extremely large, unnaturally firm mounds. "Dude, how did you manage to find a subject with after-market boobs?"
Carlos tugged down Tabitha's scrubs and panties as one, and she kicked them aside, spreading her legs a bit more as she did so. He looked down, caressing her ass and admiring it.
"The next time I feel you pressing against me," murmured Tabitha forebodingly, "I better not feel your scrubs either." Her face, eyes closed and pressed against the glass, smiled as she sensed Carlos quickly shucking his own scrub bottoms. Anna giggled briefly as we caught a glimpse of his bright yellow underwear before it was kicked aside.
Carlos gently stroked Tabitha's round hips as he gently pressed himself back against her, his balls and the base of his cock nestling squarely against the cleft of her buttocks. They both sighed.
Beside me, Chelsea tugged her lab coat even tighter around her, practically wringing her hands together before her. "This is crazy intense," she shivered.
I put an arm around her supportively. "Yeah. Once they broke down, they kind of went zero to sixty, huh?"
"Uh huh," said Anna from beyond Chelsea. "Looks like you win the second half of the pool, dude."
"I'll say," added Chelsea, her voice stronger. I patted her shoulder in a final encouragement, but since she leaned against me slightly, I left my arm in place around her.
Carlos ground himself against Tabitha's ass. Gazing at her delicious, practically naked body, I snorted. Leave it to the art student to have shaved her pubic hair into the shape of a lightning bolt pointing downward. I pointed it out to Chelsea and Anna, and they both laughed, further relaxing Chelsea. I left my arm around her anyway.
Tabitha reached a hand behind her to caress the swollen, bruise-colored knob of Carlos's penis. He groaned, first in pleasure, then in frustration. "How could I have known I needed condoms?" he cried in disappointment.
"We'll manage," gasped Tabitha. "It's okay. I'm not close to the danger zone for almost a week."
"You sure?" Carlos asked with concern.
"I've been doing fuck-all else since you first pushed me up against the wall except making the calendar calculations!" Tabitha replied.
Carlos trembled visibly in reply. With no further hesitation, he took his dick in his hand and bent his knees, pointing it between Tabitha's legs. She raised up on tiptoe to make it easier for him, and the three of us stared in shocked expectation as he pressed himself inside her. The look on Tabitha's face was... unreal to watch as he pressed inside her. Her eyelids drooped heavily, her jaw went slack, then tightened happily. He stopped, pulled back slightly, then slid in again, faster the second time, and apparently to the hilt.
"Oh yeah..." breathed Tabitha. Then she tensed a little, as Carlos began to thrust. She turned her head back over her shoulder. "But Carlos, baby, how about you still pull out when it is time, okay?" she said, a tremor of both ecstasy and caution in her voice.
Carlos nodded his head almost spasmodically in agreement and reassurance.
"Why does any woman depend on men to handle her birth-control? The Pill is so convenient," mused Anna.
"Yeah," agreed Chelsea. "My implant takes no work at all. And besides, condoms just suck..."
My brain wanted to whirl at that little exchange, but it was too fully focused on staring through the window.
We all watched as Carlos began to thrust in and out of her. He took it slowly, luxuriously. After all, he lots of time to fill!
The three of us just stood there, the two of them directly in front of Chelsea, separated by less than a foot and a pane of glass. We were all frozen.
We had all seen people engaging in actual sex before, in various parts of the program, under various circumstances. But those had been, well... honest-to-god demonstrations, really. This was real, spontaneous, and the voyeuristic quality of watching unaware subjects was... intense. And honestly, the way this had shattered the boredom of the previous hours had me exhilarated. With the way I had my arm around Chelsea, I wasn't sure if I felt myself shivering, or her. It was probably both.
Tabitha pushed herself away from the window, hands still pressed against the glass. The loose fabric of her scrubs top slid downward to mostly cover her magnificent bosom once more, but I didn't care, and neither did she or Carlos. The two of them simply, happily swayed together as Carlos pumped into her with near metronomic precision.
Chelsea was a warm feeling under my arm, and with a start, I realized I should release her from my over-intimate embrace. But at the last moment, just as I was about to let go of her, I felt her hands loose themselves from each other. I froze, my arm still holding Chelsea as one of her now free hands slid over and began to intently explore the outline of my penis through the fabric of my chinos! Tracing me... and stroking me! I stared at her. Her gaze was fixed upen the copulation taking place directly in front of her, but, sensing my shift of gaze, her eyes flicked toward me for a moment, then returned to watching. Her hand became more insistent.
This was surreal. None of this was in the plan, for sure. All I knew for certain was, I was desperately aroused.
Almost of its own accord, my free hand moved to my waistband. I tugged the button open in front, then began to tug the zipper down. Chelsea lifted her hand free to let me slide it open, then swooped back, dipping inside my open fly to stroke me more, now with nothing but my underwear between me and her fingers. But she showed her impatience for more as, in moments, her hand slid up and then down inside my underwear, and I groaned out loud as she wrapped her grasp around my cock.
My eyes widened, and I stole a glance at Anna. Her eyes were pointed eagerly at Tabitha and Carlos, either mesmerized by the sight, or perhaps just politely ignoring us. I didn't care. I took a deep breath, and pushed my slacks and underwear down as well.
Carlos changed his rhythm suddenly, as if trying to calm himself. He slowed, pausing after each penetration before pulling out and then sliding back in again. It might have been designed to settle himself down and prolong things, but the change was doing anything but for Tabitha, who was now biting her lip furiously.
Chelsea had given up being an observer. Her eyes were focused downward on her hand as it teased, caressed, and stroked my cock in repeating sequence.
"Lick it."
I started at the words. Then I realized it was Anna who had said them!
Chelsea was startled out of her near-hypnotic trance and whirled half around to look at Anna on the other side of her. Her grip on my cock very unfortunately faltered.
"I..." she started.
"Lick. It," said Anna firmly. "Kneel down and lick his dick." Her voice was kind of commanding.
Chelsea stared at her.
"Lick it!" she hissed, a little domineering, but mostly begging.
Carlos suddenly began ramming himself into Tabitha hard and fast. Chelsea stared at him for a moment, her grip on my dick growing firmer once more. Making a sudden decision, probably a more conscious one than most that she had made recently, she sank to her knees beside me. I turned involuntarily toward her.
"Take the tip of your tongue and run it up his shaft to the tip," came Anna's still commanding voice.
Tabitha complied.
"Do it again... Now stroke his balls as you do it again. Kiss the tip... Again." Chelsea obeyed each command. At this point she was pausing, waiting for instructions after every completed 'assignment'. It was surreal and fucking amazing how each of us were losing our minds in idiosyncratic ways.
Anna turned and walked back to the chairs, telling Chelsea to take just my head into her mouth. Anna positioned her chair so that as she stared at Carlos and Tabitha, Chelsea and I were directly in her line of sight. I watched her move. She swirled in place, lab coat flowing wide with the motion, then hopped into the chair, legs splayed wide, the coat draped open. Fuck, she looked hot.
"Tease the tip inside your mouth with your tongue," she instructed Chelsea. "You," she pointed at me. "Watch the experiment. Chelsea's concentrating on your dick. I'm concentrating on her concentrating on your dick. You have to watch them fuck. Someone has to... It's what we are here for, right?"
And there we were, Anna giving me a remote-control blowjob using Chelsea as her waldo, while I watched Carlos just railing the hell out of Tabitha a foot away from us, utterly unaware of what they had unleashed on our side of the glass.
"Show me how much of him you can take, Chelsea," whispered Anna after a bit. I tensed as I felt Chelsea stop the frantic bobbing she had been doing before at Anna's command and began to slowly, carefully, slide her lips lower and lower on my shaft. I could not help tearing my gaze from the fucking on the other side of the glass and take a look at Anna. Her eyes were riveted to Chelsea as my auburn-haired fellow researcher took all but maybe an inch of my dick into her mouth and throat. "Damn, girl! I could never manage that much," Anna breathed.
Chelsea, for once, ignored her, and, apparently having reached her own limit, she began to bob up and down on me again. I stole another look at Anna, and realized that she had one hand stroking one of her own generous breasts, while the other was more firmly planted between her legs.
"I can't stand it," Anna breathed. "Can I come over there?"
"Please," I gasped in response, before somehow summoning the free blood needed to blush, since it was obvious Anna had been asking Chelsea's permission, not mine.
Chelsea let me slip slowly from her lips in response. She stroked my cock, staring at it intently for bit as she pumped me, then nodded vigorously.
I watched as Anna sinuously rose from her chair, letting the lab coat flow off her shoulders as she rose. She tugged at the zipper of her top and opened it fully. I had a flash of magnificent cleavage and realized that the garment had provided sufficient support to not require a bra. That prepared me for when she then slid it off her shoulders and I beheld her bobbling breasts as she approached. They were not quite so magnificent as Tabitha's edifices, but they were undeniably real, and had the incalculable advantage on being on the same side of the glass as me.
Anna came towards us and smoothly knelt next to Chelsea, who gave me one last lick, then literally passed the baton to Anna. Anna stole a last look at the loudly grunting fuckfest on the other side of the window, then bent to roll her tongue around my head over, and over, and over again.
Chelsea popped to her feet, and eyes on our experiment, began to divest herself of every stitch of clothing at an impressively fast rate. I simply could not keep my eyes on the other side of the glass as she did. Damn, she was fine!
Chelsea's whole body was sleek and slender, but in no way thin. Her waist was narrow and her tummy flat as a board, with a deep muscular cleft running vertically from navel to sternum. Her skin was unblemished, except for a small, rosy birthmark in an undefined shape above her left hip. Her breasts were modest handfuls, perfectly shaped, elastic, and practically gravity-defying. Both women's aureoles were a soft, dark tan, and both were deliciously vertical oblongs. Anna's, as was the case with her breasts in general, were larger.
I heard Tabitha's head bonk against the glass and my gaze switched to her for a moment.
Tabitha was hot. Curvily, voluptuously, stripper hot. (I knew. I'd interviewed a bunch of successful strippers the prior year for a sex work study) But I would have taken either of the women on my side of the glass with me over her, given the choice.
Probably. Maybe...
Regardless, suck it Carlos. I had two.
He seemed content in his ignorance, his rhythm as he slammed into Tabitha becoming ragged. Once more, I could not take my eyes off of them, even with Anna down there proving how different two mouths could feel doing the same things in succession.
But, even as Chelsea bent to stroke Anna's shoulder, we all heard Carlos cry out, "How close are you, Tab?"
"Almost there, hang on!" Tabitha cried back.
"I can't," gasped Carlos and he yanked himself free of her hot, audibly wet confines. His hand swung toward his penis, but before he could so much as give it a tug, he began to spurt across Tabitha's rounded ass. He grabbed himself and moaned as his semen spent itself in a fountain across her naked backside, with a good bit spattering the back of her scrubs above.
Carlos gasped in ecstasy, though his voice was saying, "Sorry! I had to pull out!"
On our side, I too blurted, "That's too much to see. I'm going... watch out."
Anna stroked me swiftly and clamped her mouth around me. I groaned loudly and wobbled as I unloaded into her mouth. My shaft throbbed magnificently as my sperm hurtled up it length. My groan of pleasure crescendoed then trailed off in a series of ecstatic grunts. Her head jerked in reaction as my jizz washed into her, soaking her tongue, and splashing the back of her throat.
I sagged backward, then leaned against the glass myself, thankfully not hard enough for the subjects to hear a thunk.
Then Chelsea just dropped down beside Anna. She leaned forward, licking a tiny drizzle of jizz from Anna's overfull mouth, then kissed her. Anna's eyes opened wide. I could see Chelsea forcing Anna's mouth open with her own, demanding a share of my cum before Anna could swallow. Anna, so assertive seemingly just a moment before, was flummoxed, but she responded to Chelsea's demand... photogenically.
Chelsea sank back on her ankles and wiped her lips, swallowing her demanded share. Anna looked at her, stunned, then visibly swallowed herself.
"Damn, Chelsea," Anna blurted. "I didn't know you were bi!"
"When the mood takes me," shrugged Chelsea. "I didn't know you were either."
"I'm not," Anna said, seeming to take inventory of herself. "But that was intense."
I just slid down the wall to sit on my naked ass beside them. We all looked at each other in shades of disbelief ranging from total to mind-boggled.
A moan from the intercom caught our attention.
"The experiment!" Anna exclaimed, in a sudden fit of responsibility. We bounced to our feet. Carlos had led or carried Tabitha to one of the big upholstered arm chairs and was in the process of burying his face between her legs. The chair might have been well away from the window, within the limits of the space, but it was pointed straight toward us. Tabitha arched her back, thrusting those big, unnaturally beautiful tits upward. Her legs spasmed out wide as Carlos did what he was doing to her with his mouth. Her hands ruffled his dark hair, making a mess of his perfect coiff.
Chelsea leaned forward, tilting her head to the side a little. "I can't see his technique..."
"Seems to be working," laughed Anna in reply. "And I'm just saying, he deserves big points for finishing the job he suspended when he came too early."
All I knew was, Carlos had the right idea. "Who want to be chief watcher?"
I got a, "What?" and a, "Huh?" in reply.
"Who want to be chief watcher?" I asked again.
Bewildered, they just stared at me. I shrugged and grabbed Chelsea around the waist. Lifting her, I took the two or three steps to the high director's chair that Anna had just abandoned. I set her in it. I leaned forward and brushed my lips across her delicate ear. "You relax and observe the experiment," I whispered.
With that, I kissed her neck, then kept kissing my way downward to one of her delectable breasts. I sucked and nibbled on a dark nipple while my fingers tortured its mate. Her skin smelt like the dry body wash wipes we had been supplied with, mixed with her own natural aromas. None of us were dirty, but none of us was clean either, and that made the whole situation kind of extra erotic.
I was not there to suck on her tits. I hoped I would have ample time for that later. Instead, I licked my way down her belly, sinking to my knees on Anna's discarded lab coat in front of the chair. It was the high kind of director's chair, so Chelsea's spread legs were right at chin level for me. She had a rich, curly triangle of neatly trimmed auburn hair pointing down to the top of her vagina, but below that, she was clean-shaven.
I lifted my eyes to meet hers as I let my tongue extend and caress her hairless labia. She smiled at me, then raised her gaze to watch Carlos eat Tabitha. Well, if she was going to compare our efforts, I though, I better bring my A game...
I pressed her legs wider with my hands, and pushed my tongue up and down her slit, sliding it deeper into her cleft with each pass. Chelsea moaned softly. I slid my hands softly up the surface of her inner thighs until my index fingers met where my tongue was lavishing its attention. I tugged gently, spreading her open, letting me drive my tongue deep inside her. She was a salty feast.
I corkscrewed my tongue within her, then curled the tip upward to flick across her clitoris. She moaned again, and I raised my gaze again to look up at her.
Anna had moved to stand behind her shoulder, staring down at me. Our eyes met, and I saw her eyes tell me hungrily and in no uncertain terms that once Chelsea came, I was not done with my cunnilingual duties. That was my plan anyway, but it was nice to be invited and anticipated.
Chelsea still had her eyes fixed on Tabitha and Carlos, but she reached up and gently took Anna's hand in hers. Softly, but firmly, she dragged that hand forward, pressing it against her breast and holding it there. Anna stared down at her hand on another woman's breast, confusion and fascination on her face. Chelsea wordlessly squeezed her hand, forcing Anna's hand to squeeze the strange breast it held. Chelsea's hand slipped free of Anna's, but Anna's retained its grip, still massaging.
I relented in my assault on Chelsea's clit and went back to probing her depths, wanting to extend every element of this sudden, strange, magical chain of events. But I kept my eyes trained upward at my two colleagues.
"Look, Anna," gasped Chelsea, trying with mixed success to keep her eyes on our 'experiment'. "I think she is going to smother him!"
Anna giggled, "If so, he'll die happy. Do you see that he's gotten hard again already?"
"How can you...," Chelsea asked. "Oh, I see. Yeah, he has perked up again."
Right with you, bro, I thought. I had come even more recently than Carlos, and I was almost fully hard again myself.
I slid my tongue back up to circle Chelsea's clitoris once more, then pressed against it.
Simultaneously, I heard moans of suddenly elevated pleasure from both Chelsea and Tabitha over the intercom. Chelsea looked like she wanted to laugh, but had not the breath. Anna certainly did. "Looks like we have a race to the finish," she said archly down at me. Her free hand stroked along Chelsea's opposite shoulder and slid down, as if of its own accord, to grasp the other delicious tit.
Fuck, I was suddenly competitive. I was not going to race, but I was by god going to get a louder orgasm out of Chelsea than Carlos did from Tabitha, or die trying. I shifted upward, alternately kissing and sucking her bud, while giving my hands room to hook my two middle fingers up inside Chelsea, the tips caressing where I judged her g-spot was likely to be.
I guess I was right about that location, since Chelsea gasped and bucked in front of me, moaning softly but furiously. Anna warmed to the whole tit-groping thing, circling Chelsea's aureoles with her fingertips now. As I pressed my assault on the delicious opening before me, and its owner began to get louder, Anna began to pinch Chelsea's nipples.
Tabitha suddenly screamed--loudly, joyfully, and full of relief. I saw Chelsea's eyes widen at whatever she was seeing in the next room, and I pressed my own advantage. I flicked her bud as rapidly as I could with my tongue and stroked my fingertips harder against the wall of her vagina. Anna's eyes were also on the next room, but her hands squeezed Chelsea's breasts almost desperately.
Poor girl never had a chance. Chelsea's eyes rolled back in her head and... came. I did not get the loud scream I had aimed for, however. In fact, she was almost silent, but there was no doubt how powerful her orgasm was. She shuddered and trembled so hard, I felt her come all the way down in mynuts. I paused as her climax ran its scenic course through her lithe body, but when she began to subside, I resumed my clitoral stimulation. My lips wrapped around her bud and my tongue raked it.
This time I got my noise. Chelsea shrieked happily and thrashed so hard, I think she might have toppled the chair over to the side if Anna had not been clinging to her tits like grim death and steadied her.
I could tell Chelsea was spent, and I slowly straightened, letting my fingers slip from inside her. We traded satisfied, sweaty grins.
Anna still had her hands clamped on Chelsea's breasts. "I hope you don't mind," she said to me, almost breathless herself, "but it is totally my turn."
"Fuck yeah, sister," Chelsea told her. "He could teach a class in eating pussy." She shook her head tiredly and winked at me, collapsed in the chair.
I worked my jaw and smiled as I stood. My eyes locked on Anna's hungry gaze. She took a step toward the chair beside Chelsea and I lunged at her. In surprise, Anna recoiled with a squeal that rapidly became a laugh. But I was not aiming to let her get in that chair. Instead, I grabbed her and bore her down onto her back on the middle futon against the back wall. I kissed her, my mouth and face still drenched in Chelsea's juices. I watched her eyes as she tasted Chelsea more than me. Her eyes were first shocked, then softly lidded as I lay atop her, pressing my tongue inside her mouth. Apparently, she had just discarded some spearmint gum (or had just swallowed it) because her own tongue was a delicious shock of tingling goodness.
My hard cock pressed against her groin, and I realized that Anna still had her shorts on. That would not do. I lifted off and tickled her. She rolled a little away from me, and I kept her going until she was lying on her belly. I straddled her and massaged her lush ass through the tight denim of her shorts. Then I let one hand slip downward and between her legs, pressing against her groin and rubbing softly but insistently.
Anna gasped happily.
I let my hand work on her for a few moments, until I could feel her warm moisture seeping through the denim under my fingers. Then I kept her on her belly while reaching around under her to unsnap her shorts. After a short tug on her zipper, I pulled downward. Anna pushed herself upward on her knees while leaving her face pressed into the futon. I tugged the shorts down to her knees and lifted first one leg then the other so I could toss the garment aside.
Her ass was so fucking nice! Round, and tight as a drum. The light beige of her thong dove down between her buttocks. With her ass tilted up like this, I could see the darker color of the fabric which covered her sex, displaying her wetness. I bent and began to kiss her ass, back and forth. As I did, I tugged at the waistband of the thong, pulling it free and down. Once it cleared her knees, I left its disposal to Anna.
For my part, I bent to kiss and lick the backs of her legs, pushing them farther apart as I did so, but keeping her on her knees.
She was completely shaven. In fact, she was so smooth after 24 hours in here, I knew she had to have waxed rather than shaved. Her labia were puffy and already slightly parted. I was unable to resist diving in.
My hands caressed and squeezed her buttocks while my tongue dipped, caressed her clit, then slid upwards to taste her depths. She was muskier than Chelsea. Her juices were less salty, letting a delicious funk come through to my tongue and nose. And they were flowing freely down her legs and across my face.
Anna began to swear, softly but emphatically, into the futon. The words were not strung together to say anything other than to simply vocalize the strength of the sensations she was feeling.
I let my tongue continue to probe her depths while I relinquished my grip on one ass cheek and let my thumb tease softly at her flower. Anna swore some more.
Suddenly, Chelsea was on the futon with us. She knelt beside Anna and bent to kiss her between the shoulder blades. Anna just moaned.
Then she turned her head sideways and produced the mental acuity to question Chelsea. "Aren't you supposed to watch the experiment?"
Chelsea leaned down swiftly to kiss Anna, now that her mouth was exposed. "They just grabbed sodas and are drinking and trying to catch their breath. We won't miss anything for a few minutes at least," said Chelsea, before kissing Anna again. Anna was still not sure about that, but she kissed back tentatively.
I flicked her bud swiftly with my thumb and Anna gasped. Chelsea laughed and slid back to kiss my cheek, then Anna's smooth adjacent buttock, then my cheek again. Her hand ran down my back, across my ass, then underneath me to clasp my once again rock hard cock. "He's hard again already, girl," Chelsea sang out to Anna.
"You think I... didn't notice? ... I felt it... before," gasped Anna in reply.
Chelsea giggled, then grasped my chin, turning my face from between Anna's backside and kissed me with just a flick of tongue. Then, she darted her face down where I had vacated. I heard her tongue dip wetly into Anna. Anna shuddered in pleasure... and consternation. "Chelsea..." she gasped hesitantly.
Chelsea slipped away from Anna agreeably, and lay down next to us with her head on the futon beside Anna's. I dove back in to resume my efforts. My face was buried in Anna, but I could hear them.
"Sorry about the liberty," Chelsea said softly and good-naturedly. "I'd like to say I was giving you another experience, but truth was, I just really wanted to taste you. You are delicious, by the way."
I pulled my face free just far enough to interject, "Damn right she is!"
I heard them both laugh, and I was glad to hear Anna's laugh was as relaxed and happy as Chelsea's... to the extent it could be relaxed with the assault I was mounting on her crotch.
"Well," Anna replied, suddenly tentative again, "you taste pretty good too."
"How would you know?" laughed Chelsea.
"You were all over his face!"
Before Chelsea could possibly take that opening to push Anna's boundaries any further, I got serious about finishing my own work. It took but a few more flicks, licks, and probes and I had Anna gasping again, harder than before. I hummed against her sex and the vibrations traveled into her and began to magnify. I heard her once more begin swearing incoherently into the futon, trembling in increasing power. Chelsea rolled back toward me kissing my shoulder and otherwise just watching my tongue probe Anna.
My hand squeezed her ass hard, then harder still, and Anna groaned in massive release. She pushed her shoulders up off the futon, as she spasmed, then shot forward to collapse flat again, puling her snatch away from my mouth as she came.
That wouldn't do, so I dove forward and grabbed her, flipping her over onto her back, even as her orgasm tapered off. Collapsing on her back, Anna's legs naturally spread and I leaned back in and instantly resumed torturing her bud with my tongue and lips. Anna threw her head back and groaned, but didn't come again instantly.
I kept working, and Chelsea slid up to look down at Anna, who returned the gaze intently. Chelsea reached out tentatively, hovering her hand over one of Anna's lovely big breasts inquiringly. Anna paused only a flick of an eyelid, then nodded quickly. Chelsea massaged the breast eagerly, then expanded the limits of Anna's permission and bent to suckle on the pert, achingly erect nipple. My view from between Anna's legs was amazing. My cock wasn't just hard, it was feeling neglected.
Anna moaned in response to Chelsea's suckling, then moaned louder as I slid two fingers back inside her and stroked just that right spot.
Her random swearing was replaced with a long, uninterrupted string of "Fucks" growing in volume and register until her body ripped in a second wave of orgasmic bliss that went on for a long time since I refused to relent in my efforts. Eventually, Anna could take no more, and shoved first Chelsea off her tit, then me from between her legs.
"Christ!" she gasped.
*
"Mmmmm," came from the intercom and we all stared at each other. Our subjects had apparently finished their sodas and resumed without supervision!
I raised myself on my knees, and Chelsea popped to her feet. Anna took rather longer to so much as roll onto her side.
Tabitha was putting on a show. Carlos had sunk down into the other soft chair, and she knelt before him, demonstrating great enthusiasm in the fellatio department. Fortunately for our 'observations', the second chair was pointing at enough of an angle to the window that we could see what she was actually doing.
Carlos slumped in the chair, his hand running idly through her purple hair. Tabitha clasped his cock in both hands, pumping its base furiously while she licked and sucked on his happily swollen, purple head. Her big, scenic boobs swayed underneath her as she bent enthusiastically to her work. Her soft, curvy ass, while nice, was not the equal of either of the women in with me... but those tits, I had to admit, were enthralling.
Carlos thought so too, as he leaned forward, reaching under her to latch onto them and explore their contours.
Anna finally got to her feet, and we all moved to stand by the window, hungrily watching. Our minds were all three warring between our clinical duty and our sexual interests. My colleagues flanked me on either side. Each clasped lightly one of my glutes, and my arms were around them, my hands reaching out to stroke the outer curves of the breasts of each. But our conversation was an in-depth analysis of what elements of their personalities had meshed to produce the result we were watching.
Despite the fact that we were both naked, I was holding her tit in my hand, and her hand was idly fighting with Anna's over position on my ass, Chelsea and I were arguing animatedly and in professional jargon about elements that we saw in Carlos's personality, when Anna interrupted us.
"Listen, you two," she said with suppressed laughter. "The whole point of the experiment is to analyze what thecircumstancescan trigger, not their personalities."
"Then these are powerful circumstances," I said.
"Uh," added Chelsea slowly, "let's also look at the three naked people on this side of the glass. There may be something to this isolation and boredom phenomenon."
"True," snorted Anna. "A couple of minutes ago, I had a girl's tongue in my twat. I assure you that that is not a result of any reading of my personality that I would ever have made before today!"
"Sorry about that," Chelsea said sincerely. "I got carried away."
"It's okay," reassured Anna. "I sort of liked it. And I think it is good for me to have had a little experimentation." Chelsea smiled a reserved little smile. "Maybe I'll experiment some more..." Anna added. Chelsea looked sharply at her. Anna smiled mischievously but firmly at her. "Maybe."
My cock jumped at this whole conversational turn, still rock hard.
"Oh poor guy!" exclaimed Anna. "He's all hard and getting no attention." With that, she turned and reached across to stroke me gently. The turning of her torso pulled her breast beyond my grasp, but I was happy with the trade.
"We can fix that, can't we," added Chelsea, reaching across in like kind. Their fingers interlaced and stroked me gently. But neither seemed interested in getting serious about the process.
And they lost even that interest a moment or so later when Tabitha drew her head up off of Carlos's cock, wanking him furiously. Less than a minute later, he gasped happily and a gout of white jism sprang into the air and back down on his belly. Tabitha leaned forward, still pumping, eager to finish him off. Carlos groaned more and produced a second and third sticky fountain of white stuff. Tabitha had gotten closer than she had apparently intended to, as both gouts struck her in the face. She lurched backward with a short, "Ahh!"
Carlos lurched forward, stammering an apology. "Don't worry," Tabitha smiled. "I was just surprised." She looked at him through a strand of cum over her left eyelash so thick we could see it from where we stood. "I must look a mess, though."
"You look hotter than the sun," breathed Carlos, collapsing back in the chair.
Tabitha blushed, but turned to grab her already soiled scrubs, using them to clean herself up.
The three of us were laughing our asses off. As we calmed down, it became clear to us that the two of them were going to take a break. They were not stopping by any means, but they were going to calm down for a while.
Anna looked across at Chelsea. "Okay. We have some time where we don't need to watch our charges like a hawk. Which of us fucks him first?"
"Me?" said Chelsea tentatively.
"I was going to say me," Anna laughed.
"Anyone going to ask me?" I put in.
"No," they both replied.
They roshamboed. Seriously, they played Rock, Scissors, Paper to fuck me first. (I especially liked the implications of that word, 'first'.) Chelsea won two out of three.
With a shout of triumph, she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the futons again. At the edge, I stoped and kissed her. We stood there for a moment, thrusting our tongues into each other's mouths and fondling each other's bodies. But I was frankly screaming with impatience. "How do you..." I began to ask.
Chelsea pushed me down to the futon and climbed over me. I rolled flat on my back. "I want to be on top," she breathed, and I sure as hell was not going to argue with her. She dragged her sex back and forth along my eager rod, leaving it slick with her wetness. Then she lifted upwards. I grabbed my dick and pointed it toward her. She slid down until it touched her, and she wriggled until it found its home. With a sigh, echoed by my own, Chelsea sank downward, taking my length inside her. My eyes were transfixed as my cock entered her, watching it part her flesh. Then I lifted my hands and caressed her delicate pair of feminine characteristics. "Fuck, that feels good," she cooed, whether about my caress, or my invading flesh, I did not care.
Slowly, she began to rise and fall on me. I could hear my rod slurping in and out of her as she moved and I trembled with the feelings that passage provided. In, and out. In, and out.
Anna seemed unable to simply watch and crawled over to us. She leaned down and kissed me lightly. But I reached up and grabbed the back of her head, pulling her hard against my face. I thrust a tongue into her mouth almost as eagerly as my cock slid into Chelsea. Anna moaned and kissed me back.
I removed my hand on Anna's side from Chelsea's breast and worked my arm under Anna and around her back. I pulled her hard against me. That pulled her mouth from mine and she looked down at me. I looked back at her.
"Please," she breathed, and I nodded eagerly. Anna pushed herself up onto her knees and moved to straddle my face. My eyes looked up at hers as she began to lower herself towards my mouth.
"Uh uh!" said Chelsea sternly from behind her, never breaking her rhythm. "I'm in charge here."
"I'm sorry," Anna apologized, lifting her leg back from across me.
"I'm not saying no," Chelsea went on. "I'm saying that you need to turn around, so I can see better."
Anna looked at her, almost bug eyed. Then she laughed and swung her other leg over me and resumed lowering herself onto my face. I smelt her wonderful aroma as she descended, and I stretched up my tongue to meet her. Anna almost immediately ground herself down on my mouth.
"Oh hell yeah," sighed Chelsea, still relentlessly fucking me.
I worked my tongue and lips against Anna, doing everything I could to make her squirm atop me, while Chelsea drove my loins wild with her ride. Anna shivered and twisted as an early wave of pre-orgasm ripped through her.
"Damn, girl," exclaimed Chelsea, a little breathlessly. "You have some nice boobs."
"Th-Thank you," laughed Anna hesitantly. Then after a moment, she went on, "Yours are so firm and pretty." I felt her tremble on my face, and not just from my efforts. Suddenly, I felt Chelsea shift atop me, and Anna suddenly leaned forward. In a moment, I realized that Chelsea had pulled Anna toward her and the two of them were kissing, Anna as eagerly as Chelsea.
Now, I have been a student in the field of Human Sexuality for four years, and I have yet to encounter a truly compelling explanation for why so many men are aroused by sapphic behavior in women. But it is, to one extent or another, so universal that whenever I encounter a male who isn't at least somewhat aroused by two attractive women getting together, I am amazed. And if I meet a guy who is genuinely turned off by it, I feel the need to produce a paper about him.
I for one am quite normal with regards this phenomenon. I always get excited by two women together, especially, for whatever reason, when one or none of them are outright lesbians. To encounter the phenomenon taking place naked and on top of me was... out of this world. My cock throbbed mightily, alive with sensation. And if I had thought that I had previously been eating Anna with all the gusto possible, but I had been wrong.
The only problem was that Chelsea's vigorous rise and fall atop my penis slacked off. I realized it was because she needed to hold still to kiss Anna.
I needed that movement, so I supplied my own. I pushed my hips upward hard into Chelsea and she lifted upward. Within the room I had just created, I just began to slam my hips upward, driving my cock into her hard. Over and over again I thrust and I heard a soft meep of pleasure from her at the unexpected shift in our coupling.
They kept kissing through my new efforts. I could not see, of course, as my vision was filled with Anna's lovely ass, but I imagined that they were probably fondling each other's breasts, too. Perhaps each teasing and tugging at the other's nipples. Whether they were in fact doing that or not, the image was in my head and I was not about let it go. It drove me even harder.
Now, fucking upward rapidly while unbraced on your back, and at the same time licking and probing into a pussy pressed eagerly, and possibly a little harder than was comfortable, on your face at the same time is a bit like rubbing your tummy and patting your head. It is not easy.
It took me a few moments to get the trick, but when I did, I think I succeeded admirably, as both women atop me were almost immediately moaning through each other's lips. Then they were gasping. I was growing exhausted, by I kept slamming upward into Chelsea, my cock singing with each passage into her, reveling in the way she clenched back at me in reply.
Looking back, I think I will always be a little smug about my performance.
The both of them came at virtually the same time. I don't know which of them started first, but it was obviously contagious, and the two broke their kiss and cried out together. Anna twisted violently atop my face, at first completely smothering me, but then rising upward so high I had to lift my head to keep my tongue in torturous contact with her clitoris. Even that did not last, as Anna could not take any more stimulation and hurled herself off me to the side, collapsing in a shivering puddle on the adjacent futon.
That brought Chelsea into view. She was frozen, still hovering over me, my cock still pounding into her. Her eyes were wide, her mouth open in a wide circle. She moaned even louder as I could now slam even harder into her.
The look on her face sent me over the edge, and I lost it. With a gasp and a loud growl, a sensation ran throughout my body like a rogue wave in already choppy seas. My balls surged and I felt a single, huge rush of semen hustle upward and into Chelsea. Whether my offering prolonged her orgasm, or induced a fresh new one in a closely-grouped series, I could not tell. All I knew was that she continued to whimper in involuntary ecstasy. I thrust up into her one more time before her suddenly boneless weight bore down on me, pining me once again to the futon. After I was pinned, Chelsea rallied to hump on me again. The over-stimulation of my post-orgasmic member was electrifying but not entirely comfortable. I was relieved when Chelsea could manage only about three thrusts before she collapsed atop me, my cock still impaling her. I reached up and caressed her tight little ass exhaustedly.
All three of us were panting with exertion and exhaustion.
A few panting breaths later, Anna uncoiled and rolled over next to us. She languorously draped her arm over both Chelsea and me, and kissed us both. "Holy fuck!" Anna breathed.
"I don't know how holy it was, but that was sure one hell of a fuck," Chelsea chuckled in reply, squeezing my softening cock inside her.
"Water," I croaked.
They both laughed and, somewhat reluctantly, disengaged from me. Anna quickly popped to her feet, although she was a bit wobbly when she got there, and headed for the fridge. "Three waters, coming up!"
"Actually," I called out, my eyes somehow not too exhausted to stare at her lovely retreating ass, "I'll have a Coke. For some reason, I need the energy." Atop me, Chelsea laughed and twisted. That finally dislodged my shrinking penis and she took that as a signal to slide off me to the side. I gave her another quick kiss.
Anna returned with Cokes for me and her, and the Sprite that Chelsea preferred. She also brought four packs of the cheese, nuts, and fruit protein packs we had laid in. "One for each of us, and two for you," she told me, distributing the food and seating herself cross-legged next to us. "You need your energy. It is my turn as soon as you are able. I want mine before this spell wears off of us."
I struggled to a sitting position. I looked from Anna, naked, beautiful, and her pussy on full display between her crossed legs, to Chelsea who had risen up to sit with her legs tucked up together beneath her, but glowing in post-coital electricity. The bi-sexual aggression she had exhibited from left field had gone into abeyance, and the quiet, uncertain, nerd was back. Or back as much as it could be when she was naked and sitting with two other naked people. "I don't know about you two, but I don't see this 'spell' dissipating any time before that runs out," I said, pointing at the experiment timer, which currently read just over forty-nine hours.
We shared a hungry gaze.
Then I realized that my hunger was currently, improbably, mostly for the Colby, cashews, and cranberries in those energy packs, and tore into the first one right after a long pull on my Coke.
We devoured the food in happy silence. Chelsea was the first of us to stir herself. "The lab animals are awfully quiet. We need to see what they are up to," she grunted as she pushed herself to her feet. I was watching Anna at that moment, and I could see her eyes follow Chelsea's body as she tottered toward the window. The two of us rose unsteadily to follow her.
Carlos and Tabitha were curled up together on Tabitha's bed, sound asleep.
"Damn, that looks like a good idea," I muttered.
"The question is," Anna said, "how long do you think they will be out like that?"
"No idea," I replied.
"So take a nap, you two," said Chelsea. "I'll watch."
"Especially you," Anna teased me. "You are going to need the energy." Damn. She was hornier than I was.
"Can you give me a half hour to nap, Chelsea?" Anna asked while I stumbled toward my futon. "Then you can wake me and I'll take a shift if they aren't awake yet." Chelsea agreed. Anna went to lie down on her own futon and we curled up under our respective blankets.
Part of me wanted to roll over and cuddle with her, but most of me knew that would not result in sleep. And I really wanted some sleep. The hormones in my body had just gone through a super high intensity sexual cycle, and were demanding unconsciousness to put all the furniture back in place.
I closed my eyes and heaved a deep sigh. I began to...
Suddenly, I awoke to Anna shaking my shoulder. Chelsea was lying on her futon and struggling awake. "Wake up you two," Anna said. "I was just going to wake you for your shift and let Chelsea nap on," she added to me, "but they both woke up a moment ago and are making out in the bed."
With that news, Chelsea and I both sprung up and we hustled over to the window. I detoured on the way for another round of sodas and more snacks, a big bag of Doritos this time.
We stood in front of the window, watching as Carlos and Tabitha embraced each other, naked on top of the covers of her bed, kissing enthusiastically. Neither was on top the other, and we had a beautiful view of their bodies as they lay. I'll admit, I was mesmerized by Tabitha's fabulous breasts, but Anna and Chelsea's attention was elsewhere. Carlos's erection was returning in a slow but continuous progress. It slowly pulsed as the two kissed, inflating and elongating with each throb. When it was straight and floating erect, even though it was not touching her, Tabitha seemed to sense its eagerness. Her hand slid downward and gently grasped his penis, simply holding it gently as she continued to kiss him.
Anna and Chelsea seemed entranced by his hardening. When Tabitha finally wrapped her fingers around him, Anna turned to look across me to Chelsea. "Which of them do you think is bigger?" She asked with a grin.
Chelsea giggled in response. The two of them looked from me to Carlos and back.
"In my defense," I said hotly, unaccountably defensive, "I just woke up. I'm not fully hard!"
"Hmmm," Anna mused. "True." With that, she bent her knees, grabbed my hips with her fingers caressing my ass, and turned me toward her. Then she stuck out her tongue and licked my half-hard appendage upward from balls to tip. She did it twice. Then a kiss or two on the tip and she had rectified the hardness situation. I shuddered and moaned happily.
"There," said Anna in satisfaction. Then she stood up and turned back to the window, leaving my penis swaying in the breeze.
Chelsea giggled and said something to her that I missed, bereft as I suddenly was of oral stimulation. The two of them looked back and forth from Carlos to me, then they laughed. "I can't tell, to be honest," Chelsea said.
"Me either," replied Anna. When I tried to put in my own thoughts on the subject, she shushed me. "Hush! Your opinion is irrelevant. Besides, we don't care about the answer. Yours is the one in here with us. And it certainly does the job..."
"Magnificently," Chelsea added.
To be honest, Carlos's dick and mine seemed quite close in size, though his was darker, of course. And it had a slight curve, like a rounded scimitar.
In response to Tabitha's fondling, the spell of their kiss seemed to break in Carlos, and his hands rose to clasp her breasts, squeezing and caressing them gently. He broke their kiss after a few moments more and gasped for breath. "I know that this is kind of crass," he growled to Tabitha, "but damn, girl, your boobs are amazing!"
Tabitha barked a short laugh. "They should be, they cost enough."
Carlos actually looked shocked. "You mean they are bolt-ons?" he blurted.
"'Bolt-ons'?" Tabitha burst out laughing.
"I... I mean enhanced! Sorry," Carlos interjected hastily. He let go of her breasts hastily.
She let go of his cock just long enough to snag his wrists and pull his hands firmly back to her swelling mounds. "It's okay. I just laughed because I'd never heard that term before."
Carlos stared down at her too perfect breasts, watching his own hands explore their contours. "They are really enhanced?" he asked, as if amazed.
"You really can't tell?" Tabitha asked, almost incredulously.
"How am I supposed to? I just thought they were the best I'd ever touched!"
"Idiot," observed Chelsea in amusement to me and Anna.
Tabitha rolled over onto her back, her breasts thrusting upward. "You see them?" she asked Carlos.
"I certainly do," he said hungrily.
That got another laugh from Tabitha. "Real boobs don't hold their shape like this when a girl's lying on her back, mister!"
"I had no idea," Carlos mused.
"How can a twenty year old guy who so clearly knows what he is doing,notknow how to tell fakies?" asked Anna, to no one in particular. I quietly refrained from admitting that I had had my hands on a pair or two of re-engineered breasts, not to mention seen a huge number in pictures and videos, before I had cottoned on to the various ways to tell.
"So you like my fake tits, do you?" Tabitha teased.
"'Fake tits'?" Carlos asked, somewhat incredulous at her turn of phrase.
Tabitha shrugged, a scenic event. "They are what they are, and I like them quite a bit."
"So do I," growled Carlos, who clasped both 'fake tits' in his hands and dove forward to cover them with licks and kisses. Tabitha just giggled as he went after her breasts.
Anna sighed. "Well, there is no question of who has it in the size department when it comes to boobs," she grumped.
Chelsea scoffed, "Please! You are barely a cup size smaller than her!"
"Yeah," said Anna quietly, looking down at her own chest. "But naked, hers are way more impressive."
"Again, please!" Chelsea said, with a little more heat. "When it comes to boobs, we know which girl here is lacking in all this."
That kind of attitude didn't suit my tastes. "From where I stand, I can see three pairs of amazing breasts," I said firmly. "Any of which I could find endless ways to enjoy." With that, I bent over and clamped my lips over one of Chelsea's delicate, pretty aureoles. I sucked on it, hard. I felt the nipple harden against my caressing tongue, and she moaned a little, tensing or relaxing, I'm honestly not sure which. I would have pursued this more, but just then, we all heard, clear as a bell through the intercom, Tabitha's voice again.
"Want to fuck them?"
Okay, I'll admit it. My head shot up at that like a gopher hearing a coyote bark.
"What?" asked Carlos swiftly.
Tabitha laughed, then spoke with exaggerated patience, as if explaining a new kind of candy to a toddler. "Do you want to take that lovely cock of yours, lay it between my titties, and let me squeeze them together so you can fuck the shit out of them?"
Carlos was speechless, able only to nod vigorously. He clambered to his knees, but before he could straddle Tabitha, she held up her hand to stop him, palm right against his raging cock. Her fingertips briefly curled around him, but then she let him go. "We need some lotion to make it work," she told him. "Thankfully," she said, rolling away, "they let me bring my Jergens in. Little did I know what I'd want it for!" She grabbed the bottle from her tiny pile of belongings, and pumped an obscene amount between and across her breasts.
Then she laid back on the bed and beckoned Carlos. He needed no encouragement and swung up to straddle her torso on his knees. "I've never done this before," he said, an uncertainty in his voice we had yet to hear before. "Like this?"
Tabitha clasped the outside of her breasts and smiled up at him. "Just like that, now rest it between my boobs."
Carlos leant forward and lowered his cock into the valley formed by her jutting boobs. When his cock touched the pooling lotion, he jerked slightly. "It's cold!" he laughed.
Tabitha, just smiled and pressed her breasts together over and around him. "Not for long," she purred.
Whether of his own conscious volition or not, Carlos began to thrust. They were cross-wise to us on the bed and we could see it all. He slid his hips back and forth, almost immediately groaning in pleasure. Tabitha's breasts wobbled in her grasp as he banged into them with rapidly quickening pace. Even over the intercom, we could hear the sticky shishing of his thrusts through her lotion-sodden cleavage.
"Will you look as his ass," murmured Anna to Chelsea.
"Yeah..." she sighed in reply.
I'll admit, I was mesmerized again. "I've never seen someone do this in real life," I breathed.
Somehow, Chelsea's hand had found its way back to my cock, where it gently rested, unmoving. "So you've never actually done it then, either," she surmised out loud. She looked across at Anna. "I'll be you could do it with Anna's beauties," she said half eager, half accusatory. I said nothing, but my cock twitched in answer.
Anna let her hand come to rest on my cock as well, where she also let it lie unmoving. "Later. Maybe," she snorted. "The next place this shaft is delving is inside me. It is my turn."
My first instinct was to fuck her that instant. That was certainly my cock's vote. But I was still hungry. I just held the bag of Doritos and munched as we watched Carlos rail in and out between Tabitha's boobs. Both of my colleagues helped themselves copiously to the chips, using whichever hand was not occupied with my penis.
Tabitha was watching Carlos above her with rapt attention, and when he began to pant and groan louder still, she smiled and started begging him to come on her, to come between her tits. She lifted her head, opened her mouth, and stuck out her tongue eagerly. Looking straight down at her, he saw the invitation. It was too much for him and he nutted... copiously. His head was popping free with each thrust, and at the peak of one, a jet raced upward, landing square in her mouth at its end. His hips locked in place and his subsequent, weaker spurts spattered across her chest.
Tabitha closed her mouth and swallowed, letting her breasts bounce away from his penis. We could nevertheless barely see his member, still lying as it did between her upthrust slopes.
Carlos was wavering above her, trying to gather his thoughts.
"Wow," breathed Anna. "Maybe I should do my final paper for my fetishes class on this. That was..."
Chelsea laughed, "And maybe not! It might kill Old Man Killian, reading a paper on the old Hawaiian Muscle Fuck written byyou!"
Anna just stuck out her tongue at Chelsea. But the look on her face told me that the somewhat elderly Professor Killian better keep up on whatever heart medication he was taking.
Tabitha and Carlos had gotten off the bed and were raiding their refrigerator for a very late lunch. Seeing my opportunity to not have my attention divided, I took a half step backward and slid behind Anna. I pressed myself against her backside, my cock rubbing against her ass. My arms slid around her waist and I bent to nuzzle the back of her neck. As I kissed her, I let my hands slide upward to cup her generous breasts. And I just stayed that way, grinding into her backside, fondling her softness, and nuzzling her neck.
Anna crooned in response, "So, I take it that it is my turn,finally?"
I could only breathe, "Please," in response.
She reached behind her and grasped my penis, letting it throb in her grasp for a moment. She tried to point it downward and stood on her tiptoes. I bent my knees hard so I could rub the tip across her sex, but we could both tell that she was too much shorter than me for it to work for long, and certainly not comfortably.
"Damn," Anna growled. "I really want to do it like this so we can see what they get up to next." I nodded my agreement, and let my tip slide slightly inside her. It was already uncomfortable on my knees.
Anna snapped her fingers. "Chelsea, would you go grab that stupid aerobic step thingie? That might do it!"
Chelsea had been leaning against the glass, watching us, or I guess she had been. I confess I had been ignoring her. She looked at us, straining as we were. Then she grinned impishly. "Okay, but if I do, I get to suck him a little before he gives it to you!"
Anna nodded raggedly, my cock still just nestling in her outer folds. As Chelsea dashed over toward the exercise stuff against the back wall, Anna called out, her voice a little more organized, "Fifteen seconds, no more!"
Chelsea stopped her return abruptly. "Thirty," she countered, not moving. I wiggled my cock again, slipping in just a hair more, just to sweeten the pot. I wanted that step, it would be the perfect height, I was sure. And a warmup blowjob would make a nice appetizer.
I was rapidly becoming obnoxiously spoiled.
"Done," gasped Anna, and Chelsea plopped the step right in front of the window. Chelsea turned and knelt beside us. She reached out and actually tugged my cock free of Anna's crotch, giving it a lick, probably tasting Anna as well as me. I gasped and turned toward her, swinging my cock in line with her delicate lips. Chelsea kept licking me in long strokes, but Anna suddenly knelt as well and leaned in to lick too.
"Hey!" Chelsea exclaimed.
"I said you could suck a little," grinned Anna. "Doesn't mean I can't too!"
Chelsea scowled but resumed licking me, taking turns with Anna. That lasted only about three rounds before the two of them got competitive and were both dragging their tongues up my length at the same time. Damn, that felt good.
Of course, that didn't last long either, as soon Chelsea slipped her mouth from my shaft and planted a deep kiss on Anna, who barely flinched this time before returning the kiss with gusto.
I looked down at them, marveling at the sight. They might not be orally pleasuring me any more, but they still leaned against my penis as they kissed each other, letting it rest gently against the soft, smooth skin of their faces.
Still, can you blame me for being impatient? "That is way more than thirty seconds," I said with mock sternness, and tugged Anna upwards. They both seemed reluctant to break the kiss, but I felt Anna shiver in anticipation. I kicked the aerobic step to about a foot and a half from the window. It was heavy and hard to move, so I figured that was close enough. As I helped Anna step up onto it, she seemed hesitant of which way to turn, toward me or the window.
I had no such doubts. I wanted that same delicious position we had tried and failed to manage just minutes before. I turned her gently toward the window. She softly put her hands against it and I pressed myself against her back side. Now my cock rested squarely against her ass. This was just about the perfect height.
I took my penis in my hand and pointed it forward. Anna spread her legs slightly and I guided myself between. She was literally dripping, her moisture coating her inner thighs. I pressed myself against her labia which had parted gently with arousal. My head nestled into her entrance. It was steaming with welcoming heat.
I grasped her hips, taking a moment to appreciate the sight of her buttocks thrust back toward me, sweeping up to her soft, slender back. Then I began to press myself inside her. And found that I had to work myself into the tightest vagina I had ever encountered! She was slick as humanly possible, so there was no uncomfortable friction, but her opening resisted every inch of my initial penetration for all it was worth.
Anna is not an overly slender woman, and while I am above average in girth, I'm not some kind of salami-bearer. It was not as if I was ripping her apart or anything. Her muscle tone was just so amazingly tight as hell I had never imagined anything like it. Anna groaned and moaned with every inch of my progress. I was grunting and groaning too. I put my right foot up on the step where Anna stood for more leverage.
With a good three inches inside her, I paused, then slid a bit back out, paused again, then thrust back in. The depths of her passage where I had already penetrated welcomed my return comparatively easily, but then I once again had difficulty going further. I worked away, my cock absolutely throbbing in the tight enclosure that resisted my advance. I backed off again, and then as if getting a running start, I slammed into Anna as hard as I could. My momentum carried my through her resistance this time and my belly slapped against her tight but generous ass as I buried the last inch of my shaft inside her.
Her breath caught in a gasp, and we both froze, panting. Then I slowly slid back, and into her again, practically moaning as I felt her envelop my manhood once more. I started thrusting, evenly and deeply. Once I had made my way fully within her, it was not difficult to penetrate her again, but the sensation of her firm, wet walls, pressing in hard on my cock as it traveled into her, remained incredible.
I leaned forward slightly and slid my hands up her hips and sides until I could reach under and grasp her softly dangling breasts. I clutched at them eagerly as I thrust. I felt her nipples were hard as rubber, and I tugged at them gently.
Over her shoulder, I stared at our experimental subjects.
Carlos had nuked a microwave burrito and was sitting in his chair, devouring it. His penis was as soft and limp as I had seen it yet, and it flopped loosely against his thigh. He was almost as big limp as he was erect, a perfecto example of a Show-er, not a Grow-er. I first was jealous at how no one would ever underestimate his potential, but then it occurred to me how carrying around that much meat 24/7 would make buying clothes, and even just sitting down, complicated.
Tabitha was tearing through another chicken Caesar. Even though still naked, she sat almost demurely in her chair, legs together. I could still see the lightning bolt shape of her closely trimmed bush, however. And of course, I could see those magnificently crafted breasts.
It was hard after a bit to remain bent over far enough to keep playing with Anna's boobs, and I also found I could not quite make my way all the way inside her while bent over like that. I straightened up and grabbed her ass, bracing to resume burying myself to the hilt.
Anna pressed her hands hard against the glass, with her arms locked straight, giving me a firm target to slam into. But her head sagged forward, waving back and forth as she panted her pleasure. Damn, her ass was firm.
"Rub my clit," Anna suddenly demanded, catching me off guard. "I need you to rub my clit."
I grinned and began to slide my hand around her hip and under her.
"Not you!" Anna gasped. "Chelsea. Chelsea, rub my clit... please!"
"Me? Gladly," laughed Chelsea in delighted surprise, pushing away from the glass where she had been leaning to watch our show. She moved next to Anna, bending slightly to kiss her cheek, and she pressed her delicate, beautiful breasts against Anna's arm. She reached beneath and I felt her fingers softly begin to tease at Anna. In a few moments, I could see a thought appear in her eyes. Her mouth twisted in concentration and I felt her hand change position. She shifted her fingers somehow so that a fingertip or two was still stroking Anna in what was audibly the right spot, but now two of her fingers had shifted lower to rest against my shaft as I drove it in and out. Now both Anna and I were mewling in thanks for her contribution.
But now that she was involved, Chelsea was not going to settle for this. Her free hand lifted Anna's chin and she kissed her on the mouth. The two locked lips and let their tongues fence against each other. Anna was gasping hard with each deep thrust I hammered into her, so I slowed and shifted to soft, shallow penetrations, letting my head caress the sensitive skin just inside her entrance. Anna moaned happily at the new sensation, but also took the opportunity to kiss Chelsea even deeper.
At last, the two broke their kiss, and I felt Chelsea remove her hand from both of us.
"Wha...?" Anna panted, confused. But Chelsea just sank to the floor and bent underneath us. I froze my motion, half inside Anna, sensing the outlines of Chelsea's intent, but curious in the extreme about the details. I felt her tongue caress my balls, then the exposed lower half of my cock, but just for a moment. Then she tilted her head and began to feast on Anna's clitoris. I held still until Anna's body stopped quivering from the sudden oral stimulation, or at least until she was quivering less, then I slid fully and glorious back inside her.
I began to alternate the depth of my thrusts, marveling again at the strength of her inner embrace. I began to feel the rise inside me and I clamped down determinedly on the orgasmic impulse. I wanted this to last, possibly forever. After a moment or two, the urge passed and I relaxed again into my ecstatic rhythm.
Then Chelsea decided she wanted to tickle my balls.
The urge returned in full force, and my pace faltered and grew ragged. "Oh cripes, Chelsea," I gasped urgently. "Stop that! You are going to make me come before Anna!"
"Not... if I have anything... to say about it," I heard a muffled voice from below reply. With that, Chelsea began sliding her tongue across Anna's clitoris, down to her slit, and against my rapidly moving shaft, then back upward. And she didn't stop torturing my balls. Now both Anna and I were practically crying at the outside stimulation, and Chelsea was relentless. Then, just as I was about lose it, she left my balls alone and I heard a sucking sound as she focused all her efforts on Anna's clit.
The sudden lack of stimulation from Chelsea was a shock that gave me the chance to gather the ragged shreds of my control and hold off coming for just little while longer.
Anna had no such respite, and she suddenly began to croon. I felt her muscles ripple inside her and around me and her head snapped back. Her hips shoved forward and down against Chelsea's face, dragging me with her.
She wasn't loud, she wasn't thrashing around, but it was impossible not to sense and be caught up in the incredible orgasmic wave that was assaulting her mind.
And it was not as if the sudden absence of contact from Chelsea had left me bereft of stimulation. I still had the mind-blowing tightness of Anna, now spasming of its own accord, and the beautiful sight of her back and ass, trembling in tiny but powerful tremors. I slammed into Anna one last time and unloaded a blast so voluminous and powerful, my teeth almost ached. My toes curled and I simply could not remember my name. A really good orgasm for me usually means several good spurts over a few seconds, but this time I let every drop fly in that single titanic ejaculation, the peak ecstasy all concentrated in the single split second of my seed's rush up and out of my shaft.
It is a good thing that all my muscles locked up for a second or two, or I would have collapsed to the floor. As it was, when that glorious rictus passed, I still stumbled backward, my penis slipping from its hiding place. I wobbled back to one of the chairs and collapsed into it, muttering thanks, praise, wonder, and apologies all at once. What I was apologizing for, I don't know, probably leaving the scene of the crime so abruptly...
I looked back at Anna and saw that Chelsea still had her face between Anna's legs! Anna was almost shrieking as another orgasm took her, and she literally struggled to get away from Chelsea's oral stimulation, begging her to let her collapse. Involuntarily, she pushed at her assailant's auburn hair, but Chelsea now had her fingers locked on Anna's ass, fingers digging deep into her glutes in a sight that riveted me. Anna moaned out loud, so loudly I again praised the professional sound-proofing of this space, and slumped at last.
Chelsea released her, gasped, and looked at me with a grin. "Holy fuck!" We all were panting, spent.
"Best threesome you've had, I hope?" I asked Chelsea.
She shook her head as she rose to her feet. "I don't know about you guys, but this is my first."
Anna looked confused. "I thought you..." she began.
"I said I'd been with girls before, but never with a guy around. FYI, that makes it so much better, as far as I'm concerned. I think I love a good buffet." Chelsea replied. She leaned unsteadily against the glass. "How about you, Anna?"
"Me?" Anna laughed. "Other than the showers, this is the first time I've been so much as naked with another woman in the same room." Chelsea started to say something, but Anna went on wryly, "I did have a chance to have two guys at the same time once, but I passed."
Chelsea's mouth gaped at Anna. "Youpassed?!? What are you, an idiot? Two dicks, all for you?"
Anna muttered something about one of the two 'applicants' being an ex-, and not wanting that drama. Chelsea taunted her again about being timid.
As for me, this conversation would have had my penis sporting a raging inferno of a hard-on had it and I not been so utterly exhausted. Still, I listened raptly.
"How about you?" Anna asked me suddenly. "You seem pretty confident and comfortable with all this. Is this your best?"
"My first time too," I replied cheerily. They both looked at me skeptically. "Truth. But holy shit am I really, really, turned on, and extremely... appreciative?"
They both laughed. Chelsea looked over her shoulder at the subjects. "That microwave burrito looks like a really good idea right now."
"Ugh," I said, as she passed me toward the fridge. "I hate those. Will you get one for me too?"
*
That disgusting burrito was marvelous. I inhaled it. All three of us ate a bit like wolves, sitting in our chairs and watching our two subjects. The two of them slouched in their seats, digesting their own meals. They looked relaxed, but there was an underlying air of tension between them, like gunfighters, each waiting for the other to make the first move.
We ate, watched, and eyed each other occasionally. There was a lot to eye, I thought.
The first among all of us to move was Chelsea. She stood from her chair and went to grab her lab coat, shrugging it on. Please note, she did not even look at any other article of her clothing, just the lab coat. She turned back toward us and returned to her chair, seating herself with the lab coat covering exactly one breast and damn all else.
"I think we need to write a paper about all this," she said, seriously.
"What?" Anna asked incredulously.
"Wait," I added. "I mean, sure, we will have to write up our observations--about what the two of them did and are doing, I mean. But a paper? The whole point of this a pre-study, a not-for-publication examination of methodologies. And if there were a paper, it wouldn't be for us to write it, but the professor and the dean."
"I'm not talking about Carlos and Tabitha," Chelsea said with an earnest smile. "I mean a detailing and examination of what we three have gotten up to." Anna and I just stared at her. "Something like: Behavioral Analysis of Three Adults, Each Engaging in a Menage a Trois for the First Time."
"Fuck that!" Anna exclaimed.
"Seriously, Chelsea?" I said turn. "I'm not super into publishing an account for the world to read of what we've done in here, no matter how awesome it was... is."
"I did not say it needed to bepublished," Chelsea laughed. "I said it needed to bewritten. I'd die if my mother actually read about this!" We all shuddered at the thought of our parents reading a technical dissertation on our current activities. We'd all be orphans within the day after the wave of cardiac arrests.
My lordly older brother would worship me, though. Forever. That had some appeal. He might actually be told the details. Some of them, at least.
"I would like to have an account from all our perspectives, though," Chelsea went on seriously. "I wouldn't publish it, but I do think I'd find it useful when I pursue my doctorate."
"Doctorate," Anna asked.
"Yeah, I want to be a therapist, specializing in sexual function, of course," Chelsea said matter of factly. "Why are you two in this program if not that?"
"I want to write pop psychology," said Anna, "and maybe do some research. A masters will do for that."
"They only take one doctoral candidate a year in the program here," I said cautiously to Chelsea.
"If I don't get accepted here, I don't get accepted here," said Chelsea nonchalantly. "There is always Cornell or Northwestern." I traded a glance with Anna. Cornell was her back up? No ambition or confidence there, in our auburn-haired partner....
"And how about you?" Chelsea asked, looking at me.
"No grad school at all for me. I am going into advertising," I said, calmly crossing my arms and looking smugly back at their incredulous expressions. "What?" I asked innocently. "Sex sells, period. I intend to be a star in the industry."
Anna shook her head, climbing off her chair. "Great, the Kramner Institute is unleashing another wave of Spuds MacKenzie ads on the world." She bent and grabbed her lab coat, shrugging it on, then picked up mine and tossed it to me. I stood and slipped my arms into the sleeves. "Since for the moment, we are all still serious academic researchers, we should dress the part," I said agreeably.
The three of us standing there, utterly naked except for unbuttoned white lab coats, looked vaguely ridiculous... and, my two co-workers at least, extremely hot. My dick twitched mightily at a moment when they were both staring at me. They both laughed.
Fortunately, I was saved from having to back up that twitch of the dick. Fortunate, because while my dick might have had the strength to start another job, I was sure I needed more time before I'd have been able to finish one.
In the experiment room, Tabitha rose from her chair and stretched, obviously putting on a show. It was a hell of a show. It even got another twitch out of my exhausted penis. She turned and walked around the room, providing another show. She stopped and looked at herself in the mirror, her mind still not registering the fact that it was one-way glass. She lifted her hands to her hair and primped a little.
Standing unseen, two feet right in front of her, I could not help but sigh a little as I watched her very worthwhile improvements lift and sway as she moved her arms around her head.
She turned and stalked toward Carlos. "I'm getting bored again," she pouted exaggeratedly.
"Well, we can have that!" Carlos said eagerly in reply, rising swiftly... and also getting to his feet.
"Here they go again!" muttered Anna, in a mixture of amazement, exasperation, and humor.
*
For the next several hours, our two subjects demonstrated an amazing range of activities in their respective arsenals. Their ability to never quite repeat themselves in how they fit various tabs into various slots was impressive. Disappointingly, neither ever seemed inclined to try anything particularly weird or strange in the process. On the plus side, both seemed to have a good grasp of the phenomenon of 'edging', relishing in taking their partner to the orgasmic brink before letting them fall short. Still, over the time we watched, Carlos did come once, and Tabitha came many times, split between two distinct occasions.
Meanwhile, we stood there, naked in lab coats, watching. We (mostly) kept our hands to ourselves during this time. Instead we discussed what they were doing. Chelsea's discussion of a paper about ourselves hung in the background, and we used that energy to instead analyze what we were seeing in the next room.
Our analysis ranged from gonzo silliness, not meant to be taken seriously, to complex, clinical interplay where we argued universality, practicality, emotional versus physical intimacy, etc. Sometimes we were just curious about what the hell they were doing, or why. I doubt anyone but a Kramner student could be such a hopeless nerd about sex.
Also, the conversation allowed us to amass several notebooks full of observations. We knew we were going to need to have lots to report, if only so no one asked us to explain what we had been doing most of the time...
Tabitha finally let Carlos come a second time. She was lying on her back on the edge of the bed, legs up in the air. Carlos had the back of her thighs resting against his chest as he rammed into her, her ankles waving above his head. Her fingers dug into his back, actually leaving visible marks, albeit faint ones. With a loud roar of triumph, Carlos's backside shuddered and clenched and we could practically feel the explosion of his seed inside Tabitha. Her own cries matched his as he filled her. He kept twitching his hips spasmodically for a few more thrusts, before both of them acted like the air was let out of their balloons. They crashed beside each other, panting.
I was hard as a rock, and to either side of me, my colleagues were flushed as well. Had any of us so much as touched another, I think we would have instantly tumbled onto a futon and gone at it again. But while we were all excited enough to participate, none of us quite had the energy to initiate it.
Instead, the five of us, in two groups obviously, ate a late dinner. The two of them shared a frozen lasagna. Anna and I split a lasagna ourselves, while Chelsea 'enjoyed' a microwave chicken stir-fry.
If you have never sat around on a futon, having microwaved frozen food for dinner with two effectively naked hot chicks, while having a stimulating and clinical discussion about sex, a subject close to the hearts of all conversants, I highly recommend it. It beats dinner at the Four Seasons all hollow.
Nobody initiated any shenanigans on either side of the glass for the rest of the evening until the lights dimmed in warning.
As we took turns washing up for bed, Chelsea said, "I admit, I am going to enjoy some sleep tonight. Today has been wonderfully exhausting."
"Yeah?" I replied. "Don't get too excited to sleep. At least not right away."
"Really?" Anna complained, though unsurprised.
"Take a look in there," I said, where Carlos was coming out of the necessary after brushing his teeth. "He's hard again. I give it five minutes after the lights go out before they go at it again."
Chelsea sighed. "Yeah, I see your point. Or more accurately, his point. That is a really pretty cock, but I would really prefer it was flaccid right now..." She yawned and shook her head as she went to grab our three pairs of infrared goggles from their case. The lights went out and we watched. Even before the lights went down, Tabitha had crawled into the same bed as Carlos. When it was dark (to them, not to us), they began to kiss, then proceeded to provide a long, slow, sweet and tender demonstration of why the Missionary Position is in fact so successful.
Tabitha did not even bother to get up after they were done, and they both fell asleep in the bed together.
"Someone is sleeping in the wet spot tonight," chuckled Anna.
"Maybe," I replied. "How many times did Carlos come today? Hard as he looked like he came there at the end, maybe there was nothing coming out."
Convinced that they were asleep, and counting on the motion sensors to alert us if they reawoke, we shucked the heavy goggles and felt our way to the beds in the near total darkness, letting our lab coats float to the floor. We fell into the futon in what had become our new default formation of me between the two of them. Anna was last into bed and pulled a light sheet over all three of us. I lay back, ready for sleep, but finding I had an obstacle in the form of an erection in my way.
A much better obstruction to sleep, in the form of a questing hand from Chelsea's direction, entered the equation, seeking, finding, and wrapping itself around my penis. Barely a second later, a matching hand from Anna's direction also sought out my junk. I heard the two girls giggle to each other, but none of us said anything.
Without any discussion, I felt both duck under the sheet and bend to my waist. I could just make out the hump of the two of them under there, hovering over me.
"Yeah," I heard one, probably Chelsea, say. "He's never going to get to sleep like this."
"Poor boy," came the reply. "We are going to need him sharp tomorrow, too. Maybe we should help him out?"
Suddenly I felt a soft lick from one side, then the other. But in moments, I felt their two mouths coming together down there... with my aching knob tucked between their open lips. I sighed a quiet thank you and laid back to enjoy. In the space between their eagerly clamped lips, their two tongues and the head of my dick fought a three-way battle of stimulation.
Now, my penis had been engorged and erect, on and off (mostly on), for almost five hours, without any stimulation to give it relief. I was tired, over stimulated, and in no mood to prolong things. Still, I'm a little embarrassed about how soon I was squirming and muttering warnings to them and the two swapped off sliding my cock into their mouths and across their tongues.
Chelsea's soft lips were the ones around me when I urgently whispered that I was about to blow. I heard Anna say encouragingly, "You take this, girl. Just save some to share with me." Damn, that girl's horizons had broadened that day! And with that image in my mind, my hips bucked, my spine shivered, and a quiet but powerful orgasm took me. I felt the marvelous sensation of my semen hurtling out of me and into Chelsea's welcoming mouth. Whether or not Carlos had run dry that evening, I certainly had not. I stuttered like a sprinkler head for several bursts and collapsed like a burst ballon back onto the futon. Chelsea's mouth slipped off of me and I saw the bumps of their heads merge under the sheet. I could only imagine them sharing my come between them in a kiss. Then they took turns licking my shaft clean, which did not accelerate my inevitable softening.
After a moment, the two of them popped back up out from under the sheet and snuggled down next to me. "Oh, there you are," chirped Anna. "We just had to take care of something." We all giggled.
Then the two of them lay back as if to drift off. I was having none of that. I was not going to sleep in debt!
I sat up, letting the sheet flow down off of our torsos. I rolled over to my knees and with an arm around each of them, tugged them together, shoulders touching beneath me. I bent and began to kiss first one, then the other, doing my best to steal the breath from each of them. I let a hand caress its way down the torso of each of them, exploring a delicious but different breast with each hand. Anna's breast was soft and malleable, overflowing my eagerly clutching fingers. Chelsea's firm, springy delight fit comfortably in my grasp. I kept kissing them as I let myself enjoy the varied but magnificent sensations in my hands.
But I had a job to do. Reluctantly relinquishing my grasp on their chests, I slid my hands purposefully downward, bumping over navels and finally delving between their legs. Anna's legs were welcomingly spread, but Chelsea made a show of demurely holding hers together. A gentle probe or two and a soft tickle, and she abandoned the pretense.
I abandoned kissing their mouths for the time being and alternated nuzzling licks of the base of their necks while my fingers began to caress their slits in matching cadence. Both were welcoming and I slid first one, then a second finger into each of them. Inside, both were hot and wet, and both tensed as I curled my fingers upward to press their g-spots while simultaneously rubbing their clitorae with my thumbs.
I doubted that either was any less pent-up than I had been, nor any more inclined to drag things out, so I eagerly pressed on with my assault. Awkwardly, I lifted my shoulders and stared down in turn at the two pairs of bright eyes beneath me in the gloom.
Anna was the first to go off like a Roman candle. She gasped and shuddered against my caress, grabbing my wrist and pushing my hand deeper inside her. I bent swiftly and locked my lips on hers as she moaned in ecstasy. As Anna's orgasm slowed, but before she finished, Chelsea came as well. She bucked against me. Her hands tried to bat mine away, but I kept on stimulating her, pulling my lips from the now panting Anna and locking them on Chelsea's mewling mouth. She was still crescendoing as I did so, but in only a few seconds more, she collapsed back exhaustedly. Her hand no longer tried to remove my hand, instead sweeping upward to caress my face.
They both smiled up at me and I grinned back down in return. Then I snuggled back down between them and the three of us fell asleep in a tangle of arms. We slept the sleep of the just.
*
Well before the lights came up the next morning, our alarm buzzed to give us a head start on the day and on our subjects. It had been a night of deep sleep and I grumbled at being woken. So did Anna, who groused, "Can you believe we still have a day and a half in here?"
"I know, isn't it awesome?" chirped Chelsea from the other side of me.
"Morning people," muttered Anna darkly.
Personally, waking up between two hot, naked women (we had separated slightly while asleep), facing thirty-six more hours alone with them, did sound pretty awesome now that I considered it. I rolled my head to look at Chelsea. She lay back on the futon with a relaxed smile on her face. The sheet had slipped slightly and one delicate, tasty breast was just barely exposed.
I could not help myself and I rolled over and on top of her, kissing her. My morning wood was in full flower and it pressed against her lower belly.
"Mmmmm," Chelsea murmured. "Is that for me?" I looked down at her and shrugged with a questioning smile. "Oooh! Please," she giggled.
I shifted lower, letting my tip brush against her sex. I wiggled my hips, testing her preparedness. I had taken her by surprise, but it took only a few moments before I began to feel a welcoming response. She was not yet fully wet, but I impatiently pressed inward anyway. My cock forced its way inside her, and after the first inch or so encountered a flood of welcoming moisture. We both sighed happily as I let myself sink slowly deeper.
We felt the sheet being tugged off of us, and I looked over to see Anna, lying on her side with her head propped up on her arm, watching us with a smile. Her luscious breasts dangled sideways in my vision, now that Anna had tugged the sheet down to all our waists. I beckoned to her.
"No, you two have fun," Anna smiled. "I think I'll just watch this morning."
Beneath me, I felt Chelsea clench herself around my penis. I shrugged at Anna and bent to kiss Chelsea once more. We made out like that for a bit, kissing and fondling with Chelsea impaled beneath me, but my penis resting in place.
Still, the need that had sent me rolling atop her was only growing, and I began to thrust slowly. As I did, Chelsea took her hands from my nipples, which she had been teasing, and rested them softly and perhaps possessively on my ass. She was content to let me go for a long, soft ride.
Missionary often gets a bad rap as 'boring', but when you have studied human sexuality as much as we have, you understand that there are lots of reasons that it is the world's most popular position, especially for long-term couples.
First off, Mish is... lazy. With the possible exception of when the man is much, much larger and needs to support himself to avoid injuring the woman, no position allows for as little effort to achieve as much result. More importantly, with the lovers' faces, torsos, genitals, and legs all aligning, opportunities for mutual stimulation are rife. Furthermore, the hands of both participants can easily reach all major erogenous zones other than the feet without shifting or interrupting the main copulation.
Finally, the face to face nature of Missionary, its easy invitation to embrace, lends itself especially well to enhancing the emotional connection that enhances even casual intercourse.
I like Missionary, and I was liking it especially that morning, as I slid eagerly in and out of Chelsea. Below me, she looked up into my smiling, though still a little bleary, eyes. Then I saw her gaze slide back toward Anna, and mine followed. Our blonde colleague remained propped up on one arm, watching us. Her other hand was just below the sheet and obviously between her legs.
"Sure... sure you don't... want to join... us?" Chelsea gasped between my quickening thrusts.
Anna just smiled. "You two have fun. I think we have firmly established by now that all of us get off on watching, don't you think?"
"Your... loss!" gasped Chelsea.
"No loss," Anna drawled. "This just means I now have a Quickie Pass on account!"
"'Quickie Pass'?" I gasped, not slowing my efforts.
"Yeah. At a time of my choosing, I get to demand an immediate fuck... all to myself."
I may or may not have increased my efforts with Chelsea in response to hearing that.
Chelsea looked up over my shoulder at the clock. "You... only have... twenty, ugh, eight... hours, ugh, to cash it in," she warned.
"Who says I have to cash it in here?"
That was the first time one of us had suggested that any of this might continue on after the experiment, and while my dick could not have gotten any harder than it was, it certainly tried to in response to that! I definitely increased my efforts with Chelsea.
One of the few downsides of Missionary is that it is not generally as stimulating for the woman as many other positions. It can feel great for the female, but the real hot button areas often don't get the necessary stimulation to induce a full orgasm. If the male is ignorant of this, or is simply selfish, this can make for an unsatisfying conclusion for the female.
I am not ignorant, and I strive to not be selfish, though I have my moments. With a little effort, I twisted my torso to let me suckle on one of her oh, so tasty breasts, while I reached a hand down between us to gently caress her clitoris. Chelsea went almost instantaneously from simple grooving to grinding against me. "Oh yeah! Yes! Yes. Right, fucking there! Fuck!" Chelsea exclaimed, exhibiting more vocality than I had observed previously.
I let my hips go, pistoning in and out of Chelsea with gleeful abandon. It is hard to last long when you are letting your morning wood have its way, and this instance was no exception. I was holding on by a ragged edge when I felt Chelsea begin to spill over her own orgasmic edge beneath me. Trusting her to get the rest of the way without my manual assistance, I let my hand slip from her crotch and in two more amazingly pleasurable thrusts, I was jerking and moaning as I spurted once, twice, three times inside her. She cried out in response and collapsed beneath me, moaning happily.
Mission accomplished.
I rolled off of Chelsea and onto my back once more. I lay there gasping in the afterglow.
Anna sat up and clapped softly. The lights were coming up now, almost to full brightness. "I guess you two should get the head first this morning," she chuckled. She slid to her feet, her naked body quite the sight as she turned to approach the window. Chelsea called, "Dibs," and sprang to her feet as well, heading for the curtained cubicle for her morning ablutions. The main problem with this development was that my study partners were walking in opposite directions, and I couldn't watch both their asses at the same time.
I scrambled to my feet and while Chelsea was still freshening up, I ambled over next to Anna, asking, "Are our charges up yet?"
"You could say that," Anna replied drily. Carlos was lying on his back in the bed, eyes closed, and Tabitha was gently sucking on his erection. "We didn't see it start, but I'm betting Tabitha woke him up like that," observed Anna.
We watched the blowjob silently, and our hands brushed against each other, then interlaced.
Anna leaned toward me, her gaze remains fixed on the fellatio demonstration we were watching. Tabitha was certainly taking her time. "By the way," Anna said calmly, "you absolutely stink of sex."
"Sorry!"
"No," Anna said, holding onto my hand when I tried to step away. "I won't say it has turned me on, since I'm already turned on from watching you two, and now watching them, but let's just call your aroma a nice background enhancement to my existing arousal..."
I considered jumping her bones right there when I heard that. But I had just come, hard. And we had a long day ahead of us, even had I been able to rise to the occasion right then. Instead, I just shook my head and went back to watching Tabitha's oral demonstration.
"So you liked watching us?" I asked after a bit.
"Of course," Anna snorted. "We have spent the whole time we've been in here, drenched in voyeuristic stimulation. Given the outcome, I'd say we all three have serious bent for observation. You were too busy and too loud at the end there to see or hear that I came like gangbusters myself." She paused for a moment. Carlos had given up pretending to still be asleep and had begun to idly fondle one of Tabitha's dangling, wobbling breasts. "The question is, how did you feel about me watching you?"
"Are you kidding?" I asked. "Having you lying over there, especially since you were all naked and gorgeous and playing with yourself, was a definite... what did you call it, a 'background enhancement'? That has to be from a paper you read."
Anna laughed. "A paper Iwrote! And I am glad you liked performing an exhibition for me. As I said, we've been drenched in voyeurism here, but that was the first time we've had a chance to examine the flip side of it--exhibitionism."
"Well, I certainly enjoyed being exhibited," chirped Chelsea behind us. She had returned from the cubicle and was holding our lab coats. She kissed Anna softly on the back of her smooth, naked shoulder and then squeezed my ass. "You stink, by the way," she added with a smile that told me she somehow enjoyed my aroma as well. For her part, Chelsea smelt of dry shampoo and body wipes, and I could not object to it, though it was not particularly arousing. Her delicious figure in the open lab coat took care of that. "Hey, how come you two didn't tell me I was missing out on a blowjob?"
I took my coat and left the two of them to their observations while I went to reset myself for a day I was anticipating mightily.
I will admit, I took my time in there that morning. Despite all the delights waiting for me outside, and the new and interesting issue of exhibition for each other, I found myself taking refuge in the brief illusion of privacy. I needed it. I also needed to clean myself. Badly.
When I finally came out, things had moved on. Through the window, I briefly registered the fact that Tabitha had apparently finished drinking from the Fountain of Carlos and gone off to freshen up herself. Carlos, for his part, was lying in her bed with a goofy expression on his face. He was probably wondering how he was managing to getpaidfor this experience.
As I said, I briefly registered those facts because my attention was focused on Anna and Chelsea. Both wore their lab coats now, but Anna was sitting on the edge of one of the futons, knees up and legs spread, her lab coat splayed out behind her. Chelsea was kneeling before her and burying her tongue in Anna's vagina. Anna's eyes were wild.
I walked softly, unable to take my eyes off the new development. I stood and watched. Anna's slightly discombobulated gaze locked onto me. "Come here!" She gasped, almost desperately. Chelsea's eyes flicked in my direction and crinkled. Then she resumed her oral assault with gusto. Anna gasped involuntarily.
"I think I'll stay here and let you feel me watching," I said, wanting to examine the exhibitionist thing we had been discussing.
"Come here!" Anna growled, her voice a mixture of authority and... fear? She reached a hand down to gently caress Chelsea's cheek, then softly tugged her chin up and free from between her thighs, but left it still very close to her sex. "Chelsea, this is all... great. You know that, right? But I'm not... I don't... Look, if I'm going to relax and fully enjoy... this, I think I'm going to need a dick in the mix for the foreseeable future." With that, Anna tentatively pushed Chelsea back down between her legs. Then she looked at me imploringly. "Now come let me suck your dick so I can enjoy what she's doing as much as I want to!"
How was I going to refusethat?
I stepped close and knelt right beside Anna. She turned and took my sadly still soft member in her mouth. Her tongue rolled gently around my pliant flesh. It felt amazing. I had never seen anything but completely hard before the start of every blowjob in my life, and this was a new sensation. An amazing sensation. And one not destined to last long. Fresh as I was from intercourse, my member responded rapidly to Anna's efforts and I felt myself elongating. Soon my cock was pushing her face backward as it grew, and she began to suckle on me more assertively.
Anna knew what she was doing with a penis in her mouth, but I could tell her attention was increasingly on her own pleasure below. Whatever fear, or hesitation, or heterosexual conviction that was warring against the sensual assault that Chelsea was mounting between Anna's legs seemed to have dissolved when I joined them. Anna had her dick, so now she could enjoy her tongue. And man was she enjoying it.
Anna was rolling her hips now in a frantic but still barely controlled manner. Chelsea had, in addition to her tongue, three of her delicate, slender fingers penetrating Anna. That was no mean feat, given how tight I knew Anna was. The though of that tightness spurred my own progress along, and even though Anna was mostly concentrating on below, she was still doing her part for me, if almost idly.
Suddenly, she let me slip from her mouth, her hand stroking me gently, just to keep me going, and began to whimper. I could see the pressure begin to boil inside her. Just as her cries became closer together and I leaned in to catch sight of her expression when she came, Chelsea popped her head up from between her legs. "You seem to have relaxed now. Everything going okay?" she chirped evilly.
Anna stared down at the interruption, aghast. "Why are you stopping? Eat me!"
Chelsea smiled slyly. "I just wanted to make sure you knew how much you wanted this..." she dove back between Anna's legs.
Anna was coming in moments, her first wave accompanied by loud cries. As soon as she momentarily collected her wits, she dove back to take my glans between her lips and then slide me deeper. A second wave of bliss struck her and she moaned deeply. The vibrations of that, combined with her other efforts and especially the sight of Chelsea between her legs finally set me off. Anna's moans were just tailing off when I managed to come again, the second time already that morning. Fortunately, it was low in volume, or I might have choked her, still gasping as she was from her own release. Still, she wasn't ready for my production and it mostly spilt from her mouth, running down the left side of her face and dripping off her chin.
And my flood in her mouth made her came again.
Chelsea, in that weird way she could manage to be clinical while orgasms were exploding all around her looked up at me, now just idly caressing Anna with a single finger. "The subjects?" she asked.
From where I knelt, I could just see over the sill of the window. The reasons that we were there were sitting quietly, having breakfast in the next room. "Eating cereal," I replied.
Anna collapsed back onto the futon, her legs drooping even wider. "Oh god, food sounds good," she panted.
Chelsea leaned forward to stare at my cum dripping from Anna's mouth. "Wow, dude! Twice already today. We have got to reserve all the protein for you!" With that, she crawled forward and started to lick my semen from Anna's face. Anna's hand had just come loose from my cock, but she grasped it again like a lifeline. Then she kissed Chelsea hard.
*
Breakfast was awesome. Hunger is truly the best sauce, especially post-coital hunger.
The rest of the morning was an easy, low-intensity, but still sex-immersive experience. Our subjects, once they finished eating, chilled out in their arm chairs, and just talked. Not about sex either. They talked about their different school experiences. Anna was a computer animator and had to impose strict discipline on herself to get enough exercise to stay in shape.
"Bravo on the discipline," I muttered at that.
Carlos, on the other hand was a physical therapy major, which left him with many opportunities to stay in shape, and a school workload about half Tabitha's. The three of us were amazed, just as Carlos was, when she described her usual work schedule. She worked a lot more each week than any of the three of us did too. Who knew art school was such a grind?
As the two nattered on, the three of us largely kept our hands to ourselves. We sat in a row in the director's chairs, keeping an eye on them while trying to get in some other stuff. Chelsea was writing up observations thus far... in two files: One for the study, and one to share with us for our alleged paper. Anna has resumed her sketch of Chelsea. I looked over at it occasionally, and it was becoming clear that Anna was a good artist... No. She really wasn't that good. The sketch was exacting, but felt lifeless. Anna was just a really keen observer of the human form, and the drawing was remarkably accurate. For my part, I had my laptop out as well, trying to actually do some homework somehow, without the internet.
A couple hours went by like that, which was great. It allowed me to catch up on most of my elective classes. It was even better when the idle period ended, though.
We had all been trying to keep half an eye on the subjects as we worked, but at some point we all three lost focus. We were never sure how it happened, but suddenly we all realized that the two of them were out of their chairs and Carlos was fully embedded in Tabitha, Doggy Style!
We all started in surprise, put aside our stuff, and leapt from our chairs. We gathered at the window, babbling in confusion about how the two of them went from zero to sixty so fast. Then we shut up and watched for a bit.
Tabitha was on her knees on the floor, her forearms resting comfortably on the seat cushion of her arm chair. Carlos knelt between her calves. He was holding onto her generous bubble butt and was silently ramming himself into her, with evident glee. It was hard to tell from that angle, but Tabitha's big breasts swayed beneath her with each impact. Well, it wasn't hard to tell, it was just hard for me to fully enjoy it, what with my limited sightline.
Neither seemed in any big rush, simply enjoying the fuck.
"Shaping up to be a day of relaxing, unhurried sex," Chelsea observed softly, her eyes on Carlos's fit ass clenching and swaying.
"For everybody, I hope," Anna added.
"I can get behind that," I said. And with that, we fell silent and kept watching.
Carlos started running his hands up and down Tabitha's sleek back, then let them slide down her sides to stroke the outer, wobbling curves of her breasts.
Anna sighed as she watched. "This is so hot," she observed to neither of us in particular.
"Yeah," replied Chelsea, her eyes still fixed on the couple. "But is it that hot? I mean, Doggy Style? It has never been my favorite."
"Really? I love it," said Anna enthusiastically. "Most times, it really makes sure all my buttons get pushed... hard."
"Yeah," said Chelsea again, still unenthusiastic. "I mean, yeah, it is very good at encouraging orgasm in both participants, no doubt. It's just... I dunno... I always feel a little silly?"
"How about you, oh Breaker of Ties," Anna challenged me. "Pro- or anti- Doggy Style?"
I laughed. "I just find it hilarious that we are standing here, having a fairly clinically professional discussion about a sexual position and we are calling it Doggy Style!"
Both girls giggled. Chelsea replied, "Somehow, I doubt even Dean Mannheim uses the term 'coitus more ferarum' much, if ever. Doggy is just one of those slangs that is so perfect it overrides jargon."
Our conversation on sexual etymology was derailed when Tabitha started becoming... no longer patient. Her vocal encouragement to Carlos had my half-chubby straining to fully hardness, and we found ourselves with our arms around each other as he answered her call. Chelsea was in the middle this time.
The schlep and slap of each thrust carried clearly through the intercom, and Carlos began to grunt with each penetration, the muscles in his neck standing out with the exertion. He had relinquished his caress of her breasts and was once more holding her ass, hanging on for dear life as he rode her, in fact.
Before either could come, Carlos paused to catch his breath. Tabitha was having none of that and began to rock back and forward herself, ramming her body onto his cock as hard as he had been hammering into her before. Carlos gasped in pleasure at the sensation, then both were humping in perfect synchronization. Neither could take much of that for long, and Carlos grunted, his fingers digging into Tabitha's big buttocks incredibly deeply as he emptied himself into her yet again.
I made an idle mental note to see if we could examine when the two of them discarded the idea of him pulling out...
Tabitha wasn't done, and Carlos knew it, so he kept thrusting, though it clearly took some effort to not simply collapse. He lasted a manful minute before she finally crested and shrieked happily. Wearily, Carlos released her and sagged to the floor. Tabitha leaned against the cushion of the chair and they both panted for air.
The three of us let out a collective sigh at their completion.
After a brief trip to the cubicle by Tabitha, both were soon right back in their chairs, continuing their conversation like nothing had happened.
"Geeze," mused Anna. "Have they completely internalized the situation?"
"Yeah," I pondered. "Neither was even showing any signs of boredom, either. They were having a perfectly nice conversation before, and they are back to that after. Did one of them just get a twitch, and suddenly they were fucking?"
Chelsea had grabbed her laptop and sat back in her chair, furiously writing notes. "That was so fascinating..." she muttered to herself. Anna and I exchanged glances and went back to sit down ourselves.
And there we sat until lunch. I got all my outside homework done--even a little reading for my other HuSex class. Anna gave up trying to breathe life into her sketch of Chelsea and was reading a text book. It was the one for HuSex 510. I had already taken that class in the fall. It had a shit ton of reading.
We had fallen into the habit now of letting the subjects dictate the eating schedule for all of us, and when they got up to scrounge for something new to eat for lunch, a task at which they failed, we went to eat too. We had also run out of anything to try that we hadn't already eaten, so the five of us simply fueled up.
After we all ate, our two naked subjects (why had we bothered to lay in so many clean sets of scrubs for them?) kind of stretched and walked around. The three of us stood by the window, watching, and were just about to return to our chairs. But Tabitha suddenly turned to Carlos and asked in a highly suggestive tone, "So what do you want to do now?" She cocked her hip and bent a knee, resting her hand other hip scenically.
Carlos just grinned and took in the view for a moment. I did too. Chelsea and even Anna did as well, I think. "Honestly?" he asked her with a wry smile.
"Yessss," Tabitha said, not sure where he was going.
"To be honest, I just want to play with your amazing boobies."
Tabitha laughed, and standing right where she was, opened her arms wide. "Come on then, baby!"
Carlos approached her, lifted his hands to cup her mounds, and buried his face between them. The three of us laughed. He squeezed those beautiful boobs softly, murmuring indistinctly within their embrace. Tabitha swung her shoulders side to side, mashing first one, then the other against his face. Carlos came up for air briefly, then lunged forward again to suck on a nipple audibly.
Tabitha gasped. She was still amused at his childlike male fixation, but his ardor was clearly arousing her as well. As for Carlos, that big, veiny penis of his was inexorably hardening.
My veiny protuberance was also swinging to attention as we watched.
That morning, the three of us had felt content to simply watch as they wildly fucked like dogs. Now, this silly little titplay affected us differently. Anna's hand reached all the way across Chelsea to take hold of my now erect shaft. I felt Chelsea look down at this, then slide her hands inside both our lab coats and eagerly clenched both our asses.
Tabitha, too, found herself reaching down to clasp Carlos's pulsing member. "Are you sure all you want to do is play with my tits?" she asked knowingly. Carlos chuckled and bobbed his cock in her hand. But for the time being, he kept his face buried against and in between her mammaries.
Anna's hand still idly toyed with my member, but Chelsea's fingers were more intently kneading our asses... or at least she was certainly squeezing hell out of mine.
When it was quite clear that our subjects were content to do this for a bit, Chelsea spoke up. "With all this mammarian play going on," she asked Anna quite seriously, "when are you going to let him fuck your tits like you promised you would?"
Every part of Anna jerked in surprise, except for the tips of her fingers, which remained softly resting on the head of my penis. "What is this fascination with me titfucking him?" Anna asked in crisp irritation.
"Well, it is something I can't do," said Chelsea defensively. "So I think that this is a great opportunity for me to learn more about it."
Chelsea had amazing breasts, and I didn't like this insecure streak she had about them. "For the record," I said, reaching out to fondle one of said amazing bumps, "I could have an amazing time rubbing my penis all over these for hours, and we would both love it."
"Later," Chelsea said shortly, but with just a hint promise. "Right now, those two have us all enduring a breast fixation, you are hard as a rock, and Anna's nipples are so erect, they would be cutting through her lab coat if it were coving them. Get over there and let me observe the process!"
Anna stepped backward a little, disengaging from both of us and throwing her hands in the air as if in resignation.
"Oh goody!" giggled Chelsea, her scientific reserve momentarily far in abeyance. "I'm going to grab a Sprite!"
As she dashed for the fridge, I leaned it to Anna and asked quietly, "Are you okay with all this?" Don't get me wrong, the sudden prospect of burying myself between Anna's juicy mounds had me revving hard, but none of my personal kinks involve resistance from or coercion of a female. "You seem reluctant."
Anna smiled back almost conspiratorially. "Don't worry. I'm totally down, and ready to show off, if I'm honest." There was that exhibitionist element we were suddenly examining. "But honestly? This is kind of a flex for me, especially given Chelsea's apparent complex about those pretty little boobs of hers, and I don't want her to feel like I am showing off, or putting her down."
I kissed her lightly on the cheek. "That was the most considerately conceited thing I've ever heard," I whispered with a smile.
At that, Chelsea bounced back over, sucking down a Sprite and brandishing a bottle of her own hand lotion. "You'll need this, right?"
"Well, at least it will save the two of us having to slobber all over his cock first..." Anna said drily, a response that made me look stricken, and the two of them laugh.
"Do you want to..." I said, indicating the futons.
"Oh no," said Anna firmly. "I'm not having you climb on top of me like that girl did in there. You just lean a little against the glass." With that she pushed me back a step, and suddenly my lab coat was protecting my back from the chill of the glass. She sank down in front of me, and caressed my shaft gently for a bit. "Need a notepad?" she asked Chelsea sarcastically, still pretending that our future therapist was browbeating her into this.
In reply, Chelsea bent over to Anna, gave her a thank you kiss, and breathed, "Don't worry. I won't forget one damned thing about this..."
Anna just smirked at her. "Do you want to do the lotion?" she asked Chelsea.
"Damnit!" I snarled, actually pulling back a bit from Anna.
"What?" exclaimed Anna.
"Yeah, what's the matter?" Chelsea added.
"This is weird," I complained. "Please understand, it's awesome, but... Look, up until now, everything has been this magical, spontaneous series of fun. Now we are gaming out positions in advance and running damned errands!" I said plaintively, waving at the lotion.
My colleagues looked at each other and laughed.
"Just shut up and enjoy yourself," Anna chuckled and leaned forward to press her breasts in around my cock.
I shut up and proceeded to enjoy myself.
Anna looked at Chelsea and the lotion bottle. "Just one good pump, that's all I need," she instructed.
"'That's what he said...'" Chelsea chortled, turning the joke on its head. But she leaned forward with the bottle. Anna let her breasts spread apart and Chelsea squirted a long, copious pump of lotion onto my penis, the fluid running down my length like glaze over a Cinnabon.
"Yeah," breathed Anna and pressed herself around me again.
Her luscious, firm but malleable flesh molded itself around my penis. I was happy to moan in approval. The lotion instantly warmed to body temp and I was in heaven.
Anna started to move up and down slowly, dragging my cock out and back in between her breasts' glorious embrace. I stared down at her, riveted at the sight of my cock nestling in her softness. Slowly, she tortured me with that soft, easy rise and fall, keeping it up until my initial trembling shudders calmed and I began to groove. Then she stopped moving her torso, and using her hands, she began to lift and lower her breasts by themselves. Then, she started lifting one, while letting the other fall in a seesaw movement. That was completely different, felt great, and looked amazing. I was trembling again at the novelty.
"Oooh, that's different!" Chelsea exclaimed. I could only nod. I was hardly near coming already, but I was still nearly breathless at this whole thing.
Then Chelsea got creative. She knelt beside us, kissed Anna deeply once more, a kiss returned with interest. Apparently my dick in her cleavage made the whole lezzing out thing still acceptable. Then Chelsea bent, kissed the upper curves Anna's bouncing bounty, then nuzzled her face down into her cleavage! Anna rubbed her breasts against me a few more times, then let herself sink down a little, which allowed the tip of my penis to extend above her with each passage... above her breasts and into Chelsea's open, welcoming mouth.
I really groaned at that, and Anna paused softly to allow Chelsea to really lavish my tip with her lips. Chelsea hummed with excitement at this and the vibrations shot straight down my shaft to my balls.
Anna soon decided that this was her show after all, and began bouncing her whole body up and down again. Chelsea withdrew with a smile.
Up and down Anna bounced, jacking me hard with her slick, warm, just big enough boobs. My hands slapped back against the window sill and I grunted happily, eyes still riveted on Anna's chest. But at the same time both Chelsea and I noticed that she was beginning to pant with the exertion.
I was about to suggest that she give it a second, but Chelsea slipped behind Anna and wrapped her arms around her. Her hands slipped underneath Anna's to grasp her breasts, squeezing them even tighter around me. "I'll hold on for you, so you can use your arms, she said into Anna's ear, adding a playful nip for good measure.
Our panting Anna nodded breathlessly, and lifted her arms to grasp my waist. That position seemed to require less effort, as I felt her arms adding just a touch of support to help her knees and hips. Now my vision was filled with two women before me, one clutching the other's breasts around my cock. Anna was looking up at me, enjoying immensely the expression of delirium on my face. Chelsea had her head on Anna's shoulder, looking alternately at my dick in those breasts, and Anna's flushed, happy face. Occasionally, she would look up at me too.
Anna still looked a little blown, and I swung my hands forward and pressed them against her shoulders, slowing her. And I started pumping my hips, taking over the effort to drive my penis in and out between those magical mounds.
I don't know which of those various forms of servicing I enjoyed the most, but I do know that the combination of all of them had me fucking upward into her in an increasingly ragged and desperate way.
"Are you going to come?" Anna crooned encouragingly. "Are you going to come in between my titties?" I nodded raggedly. "Good! Come all over my big, pretty titties," she went on. "Make that big, hard cock of yours spray its sticky spunk all over me!"
I heard Chelsea ask quietly in Anna's ear, "Dirty talk all of a sudden?"
"I... heh... I like dirty talk... with my... kinks," Anna gasped as I slammed in between her breasts. "Do you like it?" she asked up at me. "Do you like me... talking dirty to you while you fuck my big... firm... slippery tits with... your purple... veiny, fat cock?"
I nodded raggedly again. I wanted to say, yes, oh god yes, but instead I came. Hard.
An initial rush of jism rushed into the space between her boobs, instantly mixing with the slick white lotion. My loudly evident orgasm made Anna gasp and Chelsea squeal with glee. As she did so, Chelsea let go of Anna's bounty and they sagged away, letting my cock bounce upward. But I was not remotely done coming. A spray leapt upward and smacked not Anna but Chelsea in the face, drawing a wide line over her cheek, lips, and jaw where her chin still rested on Anna's shoulder. Several more spent themselves up and across Anna's chest, one reaching her chin. Chelsea's hand leapt out and grabbed me, beginning to jack furiously. I found I was not entirely spent, and a gentle but copious flow erupted and flowed over Chelsea's pumping hand.
I gasped in agonized pleasure, somehow retaining enough mental function to marvel at how fast that massive orgasm had erupted from what had seemed a tranquil sea of bliss. Chelsea released my dick and withdrew her hand to stare at its sticky coating.
Anna bent and sucked on my dick. She sucked me deep inside her, tongue washing me as she quested to harvest every drop of semen. My penis throbbed exhaustedly. "Damn girl," I gasped. "Guys can't have multiples, but if I could, I'd be filling your mouth right now all over again."
I slumped back against the wall, and Chelsea and Anna sank back onto their haunches to either side.
"This is a very messy sex act..." mused Chelsea, looking at her hand and feeling her chin, both dripping with my cum, then at Anna's shiny, sticky breasts, and white-spattered upper chest, then at my goo-encrusted member.
"We are going to need a lot of towels," Anna laughed in agreement.
"Not so fast," I growled. Reaching down, I tugged both to their feet, and pushed them back across the room to flop back onto the edge of a futon, so close to each other, they were touching. "I have somebigthank yous to dispense... right now," I continued in my gruff voice.
With that, I dove down between Anna's thighs. She was already utterly drenched down there when my tongue first touched her, and she shuddered in response. Her hands ran through my hair as I stared adoringly up at her across her sticky, spattered body.
But Chelsea deserved at least as many thanks. It had been her idea after all. I lifted up suddenly, drawing a tiny but knowing cry from Anna, then dove back down into Chelsea's crotch. She gasped as I worked her over. I felt Anna shift, and I looked up over Chelsea's flat belly to see Anna lean over to lick my spume from Chelsea's face. Anna's hand leapt forward and began to massage one of Chelsea's perky, delicate mounds. I assaulted Chelsea's clit with no build up and she cracked almost instantly, crying out in ecstasy as her body writhed against my face. As she collapsed, I swung back to Anna as fast as I could. Chelsea followed me, still out of breath, but eager to lick my leavings from below Anna's shoulder blades. The sudden re-introduction of my tongue and Chelsea's culinary assault immediately pushed Anna near the edge. But she hung there, on the verge of coming, for an excruciating length time until, with a low, quiet, guttural moan, she collapsed into an orgasmic puddle, legs draping limply across the floor beyond the edge of the futon.
Anna looked at me, her eyes a little wild. "What the actual fuck was that?" she demanded.
I shrugged. "I pay my debts. In full!"
Anna just nodded spastically. "Good to know..."
Chelsea simply curled up next to Anna and smiled at me contentedly.
Then she started muttering to herself about her observations...
*
When we finally remembered the experiment, we got up and checked the window. Carlos seemed to have the same idea about thanking Tabitha, as his face was firmly buried between her round thighs, taking his sweet time about getting her off. When she finally did come, loudly and scenically, he simply got up and grabbed her a Sprite. She kissed him again and the two made out gently. She drank her Sprite and he played with her breasts.
Then, when Tabitha was done with her drink, damned fucker went down on her again!
And again.
And then again!
About four o'clock, I threw up my hands and stalked away from window. "Goddamnit! I love cunnilingus... Fuck, I apparently lovewatchingcunnilingus, but this is totally ridiculous."
"Seriously," Anna laughed. "Is he running his own experiment in what it takes to make her beg him to stop?"
"If he is waiting for that, I think his tongue is going to fall off," observed Chelsea, from the chair where she had ensconced herself. "That girl just collapses after each orgasm, drinks a soda, and then she is ready to go again."
"Who knew," I ground out between clenched teeth, "that continuous cunnilingus between two attractive people could be... boring?"
Thankfully, Carlos could not manage another round. Instead, he grabbed another soda of his own, a Dr. Pepper this time, and collapsed in a chair. Tabitha actually sat down at the floor by his feet and the two started a nice, sex-free conversation. Carlos's goddamned dick, which we had had to watch go from half to hard and back repeatedly that afternoon, was blessedly flaccid. And Tabitha's tits continued to entertain...
I needed a nap. Loudly so declaring, I went and flopped on a futon, covering my head with a sheet. And I crashed hard.
The next thing I knew, Chelsea was shaking me awake. "Get up, now she's giving him a lap dance."
"But," I objected blearily, "there is no music."
That did not seem to matter to them.
Tabitha straddled him, feeding her breasts to his eager mouth and grinding on his penis swiftly. Then she lifted up and slid him inside her, bouncing up and down for a while. Then she lifted free, pivoted to sit on his lap, facing away. She ground that nice round ass against him while he reached around her and fondled her breasts. Then he lifted her and guided himself inside again. The angle of attack must have been just right, because she came again. As soon as she was done panting, she spun around again and mounted him again in her first position.
When Carlos finally nutted, we all gave a sarcastic cheer as we sat in the director's chairs. We gave a more sincere cheer when Carlos stumbled over to try to take a nap of his own. Tabitha just curled up in her chair to stare at the men's underwear catalog again. She was asleep before Carlos.
"Well, thank the lord," grumbled Chelsea. "I have never seen people having a fuckfest like that!"
"Yes, you have," chortled Anna. "On this side of the glass."
Chelsea stuck out her tongue at Anna, and I told her, "Anna's got you there!"
Chelsea smirked at us both, then grinned. She leaned over toward my chair, took my chin in her hands and kissed me with an abundance of tongue. "Actually," she said to both of us, but primarily me, "I think we are falling behind. Can't have that."
The rest of that day was more fun that scientifically revealing, at least for me. Tabitha and Carlos napped longer than was probably good for them if they wanted a good night's sleep. While they did so, Chelsea and Anna decided to employ me as an experimental apparatus. If I had not known there was no booze in there with us, I'd have sworn they were drunk the way they giggled while they cooked up their scheme.
Other than the lap dance, which Anna convinced both of them was an entirely different sexual genre, they decided that the one category of intercourse mostly neglected on either side of the glass was woman on top.
"Wait," I said. "Chelsea you rode me like a pony for almost the entirety of our first intercourse!"
"Honestly, I was not in my right mind then," Chelsea said, a little dismissively but with a huge blush. "I can't remember any clinically useful details." My quite vivid memories were dismissed by both my colleagues as not useful to their inquiries. Chelsea was contending that the woman on top allowed for the best physical stimulation for the female, while Anna insisted that the major benefit from the category was the feeling of emotional dominance and/or control the female experienced.
They really got into the subject, arguing both their major points, as well as the changes in efficacy engendered by variations on the position. At this point, I just stayed almost completely silent, mostly because I could tell my input was not desired, but also in large part because I was very much enjoying having two mostly-naked women press their bodies against me while they argued, occasionally grabbing my member to illustrate a particular point. To their credit, they were always very gentle about that... and they really did it far more often than the debate really called for.
I also knew where this was going, as of course did they. Finally, they had me lie down on my back and the two of them proceeded to trade off mounting me in various permutations of woman on top. They even made a fucking chart (double entendre there, kids) to record their physiological and emotional responses to each variation.
For me, the experience was a one of a kind. It was a whirl of sensations as two beautiful women kept climbing on and off of me in a succession of different positions, chattering the whole time in a random mixture of giggling jokes, clinical jargon, and vocal protestations of approval. And I will never again after that episode allow anyone to claim that a vagina is a vagina. The girls could not have been more wonderfully different. Anna, as I said, was amazingly tight. Her inside was firm, holding my visitor in her strong embrace with each resisted passage. Chelsea was not nearly so confining. Her inside was far more welcoming and relaxed, but she offered an incredible level of... activity from her inner muscles. She could and did clamp down on me with incredible ferocity, sometimes in response to what she was experiencing, sometimes to provide stimulation for me.
But it was weirdly unfulfilling, and I'm not sure I'd want to repeat it. (Who am I kidding, fuck yeah I'd repeat it, but you take my point.)
The first problem was my hands.
"Hey! No hands, mister!" Chelsea said sharply, swatting my fingers away from Anna's breasts as the blonde rode me. "We are testing our responses and don't need you introducing variables." Anna just chuckled and kept fucking me.
"Okay," I murmured. Then I grinned, "But I hate to tell you two this. The two of you are too small a data set for meaningful results. You will need to bring in a much larger data set of women to ride my apparatus for that."
"Oh... come on..." Anna said, still pumping away atop me enthusiastically. "Who says you... have to be involved, enh, in further study? There are plenty of guys."
"Nope!" I said firmly. My eyes were riveted upon her flopping breasts. If I could not fondle them, I still could sure as hell stare at them. "Different dudes, different dicks. It a variable you can only control for by having me be the one to fuck every subject."
Chelsea laughed throatily and leaned over to kiss me. "You wish," she taunted. I just kissed her back and lifted a hand to caress her breast. "Hey!" She exclaimed, pulling away. "No hands!"
"You aren't involved in this experimental run," I complained.
Some of the angles they wanted to try were... uncomfortable for me. Not every dick has the same range of motion.
And then there was the orgasm problem, as in they had them and I did not! Chelsea came first, fairly early. She was trying out keeping her feet under her, rather than resting herself on her knees. When she came, it felt briefly amazing as her insides clamped upon me, and the look on her face was very rewarding, but she rolled off me swiftly. Anna came for the first time during their next iteration. That round, they were bracing themselves above me on hands and knees while I thrust upward into them. Chelsea went first and rated the variant as Very Good on the physical stimulation scale and Good for her on emotional resonance. (They had confidently decided in advance that Good would be the lowest rating they gave. That was slightly flattering.) Anna on the other hand found the arrangement much more to her liking. We had barely begun when she was already calling out Incredible ratings for both categories. My own internal evaluation of this position matched hers. I humped greedily up into her and for the first time since we had began this particular 'experiment', I felt the stirrings of a possible orgasm on the horizon. But the moment I first felt that gleam, Anna let herself come. Her torso snapped backward into a gorgeous arch, breasts bouncing gloriously with each impact of my hips upward into her. Crying out, her body's undulations made me further aroused. But then her shoulders slumped, she gasped, and slid off of me.
Worse, instead of Chelsea immediately mounting me for the next round, they left me hanging there for a minute while they compared notes about why they felt so differently about that variation. By the time they finished debating, I had fallen completely back from the edge. Then we had a water break and when we resumed, they switched order, with Anna going first.
After a few more rounds, Anna came again. This time, they were lying on their backs on top of my body, my face nuzzling their necks and their feet on the futon to give them purchase to hump me. It was fun, but for me, I found it among the less rewarding, not least because it was a little hard to breathe during it. Anna loved it, however. After but a few thrusts, her hips' movements grew ragged and in no time, she was coming once more. Her orgasm lasted longer this time, an incredible wave of loudly approving peaks and valleys that left me wondering if she was experiencing one incredibly long, rolling orgasm, or a series of them with no time in between. Regardless, her gloriously tight but astoundingly slick insides stroked me in a dizzying fashion that still brought me no closer to an orgasm of my own, bucking away atop me until her hips' wild, uncontrolled movements slipped her free of my cock. She rolled off of me with a kiss. "You are gonna love this one," she told Chelsea confidently.
Chelsea looked less certain, but climbed onto me as well. She fucked me for a good while before she too declared that this was, in fact, the schnizz. Her vagina was soon spasming hard around my cock and she was mewling with pleasure. Finally, I was feeling the wonderful sensation of pleasure along my cock being to morph into the pinnacle that would lead to an orgasm of my own. I just had get there. Chelsea finally cried out in glee and thrashed atop me.
I was not letting her fall off me. At the height of her orgasm, I wrapped my arms around her and took firm hold of her breasts. "Hey!" She objected, trying to swat my hands away again, to no avail this time. She was too spent to swat really hard at my grip, and besides, I was having none of her experimental parameters any more.
I squeezed and massaged her breasts, reveling in finally getting them in my hands. "We are done here," I growled.
"What?" Chelsea uttered distractedly.
"We still have two..." Anna began.
"No!" I shouted, almost desperately. "Your fucking 'apparatus'needsthis!"
With that, I rolled Chelsea and myself over so that she lay flat on her face underneath me, my dick still impaling her. I slid my hands from underneath her and braced myself against the firmly yielding surface of the futon. I shuddered with the release of tension as I started to pump into Chelsea powerfully. In, in, in, I hammered desperately, audibly slapping against her backside with each thrust.
"Sorry, Chelsea," I gasped, not slowing, "I have to do this... please?"
"Go... go for... it," she squeaked beneath me, taken by surprise by my sudden demands, but clearly not upset. She splayed her hands out wide on the futon and pressed her hips upward to give me deeper access. Each desperate thrust into Chelsea only made my hungry cock more ravenous and I felt myself getting a little wild.
A movement to the side caught my eye and I realized that Anna was sitting beside us, and had just tossed the clipboard aside. My eyes met hers and I held them as I fucked Chelsea. Anna smiled at me broadly, her teeth biting her lower lip. Fuck, that looked hot. Anna stared at me, held up a hand with who fingers extended. "TwoQuickie Passes now," she grinned. Then she slowly lowered those fingers between her legs.
I came. Finally, I came. For a long moment, everything disappeared. I could not see Anna beside me. I could not hear Chelsea's passionate grunts below me. All I could feel was the rush of sensation inside me, somehow morphing into physical form and blasting out my cock and into Chelsea's waiting crevice.
When I regained contact with the world, I found myself still humping into Chelsea, and her crying out with another orgasm of her own beneath me.
So, yeah. I guess I'd find a way to put up with running that experiment again, after all.
*
Soon after, the subjects woke up.
They ate.
We ate.
They chatted.
We chatted.
They lay down on one of the beds and engaged in some idle petting while continuing their conversation. Carlos did not even get hard. We were all exhausted.
It was still an hour before lights out when I got up to get cleaned up for bed. "I doubt we will see anything else interesting tonight," I declared, and my colleagues agreed. They both got ready early as well. Even our subjects seemed ready for an immediate turn in. Carlos was in and out of the refresher swiftly and slid back into his bed, propped up. He did watch Tabitha as she walked to the cubicle, but then just rested idly once she entered.
When Tabitha came out, she was ruffling her purple hair. She strolled over to the window to examine her reflection. Her hands above her head, ruffling her hair once more gave me a really excellent view those glorious t...
Suddenly Tabitha's eyes grew wide and seemed to change focus. A moment later, her hands whipped down to cover her breasts. "Shit!" she practically shrieked. Carlos started up in his bed. Tabitha seemed fixated on the mirror in horror. Then she shifted her hands, dropping one to cover her crotch, while the other arm tried with limited success to cover her breasts all by itself.
She backed away from the window, a look of horror in her eyes.
"Oh shit..." muttered Anna, speaking for all of us.
"Carlos!" Tabitha hissed. "It's... The... How did we forget that is a god-damned window?"
"Oh fuck," agreed Carlos, pulling his sheet up around himself, a look of dawning horror, or something similar, on his face.
Tabitha turned and broke away from us. She leapt into bed with Carlos and pulled up the sheet to cover her torso. She glared at us and flipped us the bird.
"You fuckers!" Carlos growled.
"Yeah," Tabitha agreed. "How can you do this to us?"
We obviously said nothing... not they we could have had we wanted to. But this had just gotten very professionally interesting again. And scary.
The two of them stared at the window expectantly. And waited.
"Nothing?!?" Carlos shouted.
"Was this their plan?" Tabitha asked him. "To put us in a room and watch us have sex?"
Carlos looked at her in shock, but then shook his head. "No way. How could they had expected this?" Tabitha seemed inclined to agree. "No, I think they are supposed to be in there studying the effects of boredom or claustrophobia."
Tabitha actually showed a spark of her natural good humor. "Well, we sure fucked up their experiment, didn't we?" They both snickered.
"I mean, if they wanted to watch us fuck, all they would have need to do is shown me a picture of you and told me what they were after," Carlos chuckled.
"Oh, you'd have made that sacrifice for science, huh?" Tabitha replied with a snarky smile.
The initial shock was passing, but they were still pissed.
"So do you think that they are all in there, watching us?" Carlos mused. "Or are they still taking individual shifts so they can jack off while watching?"
"Eww," replied Tabitha. "No, I bet they were taking shifts until we derailed their experiment, but I telling you, they have all been in there together since we got friendly, from lights on to lights off."
Just then, the lights began their dimming sequence. "Finally!" Carlos declared.
"Yeah," Tabitha almost shouted at the window. "Good night, you bastards. We will see you tomorrow when time is up!"
"It hadn't occurred to me until now, but yeah, the exit interviews are going to be a little awkward," drawled Anna.
"Oh yeah," I agreed.
"I think we should have you do Carlos's exit," Chelsea said, "while we handle Tabitha."
"Are you worried?" I asked cautiously.
"Not really. I just think they might give better information to an interviewer of the same sex."
"Interesting that Tabitha chose to hide in Carlos's bed, instead of her own..." Anna mused.
"You caught that too," I agreed.
The two of them sat in the bed, sharing a really good glare at the window until the lights went out.
I sighed and stood to head for the futons. "I think we can count on nothing happening until morning," I declared, stretching.
"Hold on," Anna replied. "Get the goggles. I'm not so sure."
Less than five minutes later, we heard Carlos say, "Hey! What are you doing?"
"What do you think I'm doing?"
"They are probably still in there."
"It's dark. They can't see us. Makes it almost better."
"If this is revenge, I'm in," chuckled Carlos softly. We donned our goggles.
Tabitha had crawled atop Carlos and was conducting her own evaluation of Woman on Top, rising and falling on him slowly and happily, the sheet tossed to the side.
They fucked happily like that for a time, and Tabitha began to vocalize her pleasure.
"Shh!" Carlos implored. "They are probably still in there. They can't see, but they can hear."
Tabitha only paused for a moment before resuming. "So what if they can hear? Since they can't see, if they are listening, it'll only make them more frustrated."
"I didn't know you had an evil streak," Carlos laughed. Tabitha just moaned. "But what if they have night vision glasses?" Carlos asked suddenly.
The three of us turned our night vision goggles to stare at each other wordlessly.
"They don't have night vision specs," Tabitha scoffed, not slowing down her motion. After a few more humps, she shrugged her shoulders. "And if they do... well, it ain't like they haven't seen everything already."
The two of them really, really enjoyed that instance of their copulation. Loudly. It was soon apparent that they were competing to see which could put on more of an auditory show for their 'blind' observers. While the enjoyment was clearly genuine, but they were just as clearly putting on a show. When they both finished, they curled up together and fell fast asleep.
We finally tugged off the heavy goggles and moved to our respective futons.
"Tomorrow is going to be an annoying day," I sighed as we crawled under our sheets.
*
It certainly started off annoying, as Anna had set our alarm forward, waking us a good twenty minutes before the lights started coming up. Grumbling I sat up in bed, rubbing my neck, which had developed a crick over night.
Chelsea rose from her futon and ambled over toward the curtained cubicle. Even in the near darkness, I enjoyed that sight.
Of course, things got more annoying when she came out of the private area, fully dressed in tight jeans shorts and a fancy patterned button down shirt under her lab coat.
I may have made a noise of confused protest. Or maybe it was Anna.
Chelsea just shook her head. "We let them out in just a few hours, guys. And who knows how they will react when they wake? If they are pissed enough to demand to be let out first thing, we will have to let them, and I for one do not intend to go open that door while bare-assed in a lab coat.
"They know that if they give up now, they forfeit the money, right?" Anna said worriedly. "They will hang in, even if they just sit there and glare at us the rest of the time," she said, as if convincing herself.
I sighed. What would be, would be. I got up and went to the bathroom. I tugged on my jeans and a SpaceX teeshirt, then slipped on my fairly worse for wear lab coat. I hoped Carlos would not be too observant or curious about the various stains...
Anna took her turn, and came out with a knee-length denim skirt and a They Might Be Giants concert tee covering her beauty. She joined Chelsea and me as we sat in our chairs to see how the final morning would play out. Moments later, the lights began to come up.
Neither subject was quick to awaken, but Carlos was the first to groan and cover his eyes from the now seventy-five percent of full lighting. Tabitha woke in response and sat up. The sheet fell free of her torso, and I drank in a last look before she yanked it up with a start. Carlos noticed and grunted in wry agreement.
Tabitha just stared at the mirror, and the imagined space behind it with an unreadable expression. Then she pivoted to the side of the bed, stood, abandoning the covers, and walked casually over to open the fridge. "Can I bring you something to drink?" she asked, bending over to look inside.
"Tabitha!" Carlos exclaimed. "You know they are still watching, right?"
Tabitha straightened with a milk carton. "Yeah," she sighed. "So?" Carlos just looked at her. "By now, I ain't got nothing they haven't seen," she shrugged, scenically as always. "And..." She paused.
"And?" Carlos prompted.
"I woke up in the middle of the night last night," she said, still standing with her body half turned toward us, "thinking about all the noise we made to make sure they heard us. How fun that was."
"We did that to make them mad they couldn'tseeus!"
"Did we? I thought about that. I think we did it to make them regret they weren't in here with us."
At that Carlos paused speculatively, as he stared intently at the mirror.
"He's imagining the two of you naked right now," I observed.
"What?" laughed Chelsea.
"No way," agreed Anna.
"Guaranteed," I said with absolute certainty.
"Pretty sure of yourself on something you can't know."
"I will ask him during the exit. Fifty bucks says Carlos is mentally undressing the two of you this very second."
"You are on," said Chelsea firmly. "Anna, you in?"
Anna just blushed uncertainly and looked back at Carlos.
"So, what are you going to do?" Carlos asked. "Just keep hanging around naked until they let us out?"
"No," said Tabitha simply. She polished off her milk, and approached Carlos. "I'm going to make them watch me do this." With that, she tugged the sheet off of him, crawled onto the bed, leaned over, and took his limp, but still large penis into her mouth.
Carlos looked down at her dumbfounded. His cock was not so perplexed, and began to harden, slowly but immediately. Tabitha was making loud, audibly wet sounds as she repeatedly sank much of his length into her mouth, then sucked hard as she pulled it back out. Carlos looked back up at the window, suspiciously. But as he stared toward us, his expression changed.
"Damnit, I'm going to lose this bet, aren't I?" Chelsea sighed. Anna just nodded wordlessly. I smirked.
After a few minutes of utter silence on our side of the glass, Anna sighed and said, "Well, I did not see this coming when I woke up today."
*
After Carlos painted Tabitha's happy face, they crawled out of bed. Tabitha went to one of the armchairs and lay across it sideways, with her ass on one low arm, and her head propped agains the other. Carlos grinned and tugged the chair around slightly to orient it exactly side on to us behind the mirror. Then he knelt between her dangling legs and bent to return her earlier favor.
"I'll bet," he said between loud laps at her labia and other charming attributes, "that that guy who recruited you is standing on the other side of the glass, wishing it was his face buried between your gorgeous legs." Tabitha crooned in agreement.
"Ha!" I scoffed. "Shows what you know, Carlos! I happen to besitting, not standing. Thank you very much."
I shifted in my directors chair, making it squeak a little as I tried to adjust the fit of my pants. An unexpected side benefit of thirty-six hours of nudity had been that I never found any of my constantly appearing erections to be uncomfortable. Pants suck. Anna burst out laughing.
"Oh yeah," laughed Tabitha in the other room. "Deeper, please. Yeah. And those two girls who recruited you? They are both in there, wet between the legs, watching what you are, unh, doing to me." Her head rolled over toward us and she smiled briefly before returning her gaze the dark-haired head between her legs.
Neither Anna nor Chelsea chose to comment.
A number of loud moans, groans, and gasps later, Carlos lifted his head again, lifting a hand to keep Tabitha stimulated as he spoke. "How horny do you think they have gotten in there? Think they have started looking at each other?"
Tabitha looked at him wildly. "You ask me a serious question now?"
Carlos just grinned, shot a superior gaze in our direction, and dove back in to work.
"But... no..." Tabitha groaned as we sensed his tongue burying itself in her again. "I think they, uhnng, are too busy staring, oh, at us." With that, she cried out in a genuine but overly theatrical scream. Her hips bucked upward, and her dangling legs thrashed. Carlos pressed his head deeper between her legs, if that was possible and drew a follow-on wave from Tabitha.
Like a puppet whose strings had been cut, she collapsed across the armchair. Carlos began to softly kiss the insides of her creamy, generous thighs, sending tremors of aftershock through her body.
Tabitha suddenly continued her early thought, as if she hadn't just melted down with pleasure. "Besides, how likely is it that two of them are together anyway?" A finger shot up into the air. "But, if any of them have a boyfriend or girlfriend, that person better be ready to be fucked silly!"
The two of them shared a giggle at that. The three of us shared an uproarious laugh.
Tabitha rolled forward and off the chair to sit on the floor in front of it. Carlos crawled around to embrace her. The two sat there on the floor for a long time, embracing and making out. Their hands explored each other's bodies as if for the first time. The only nod to showing us they knew we were there, watching, was the way Tabitha kept her legs relentlessly spread, showing us her sodden, swollen, still-eager pussy.
At one point, Carlos had broken off their kiss so he could lower his head and feast on her breasts. As he fed, Tabitha ran her fingers through his hair. Her other hand went down to drag a fingertip along the outlines of his very hard cock. "All this time, and all we've done, and I don't think I've told you outright just how fucking nice this cock of yours is," she murmured. Said member jumped softly in reply. She giggled at that. "Well, it is! It is big, and beautiful, and powerful, and it has answered the bell I don't know how many times!" She kissed his air softly. "And every time it did," she added little nastily, "their experiment in torture by boredom got blown up all over again." Carlos laughed at that and they resumed kissing.
Tabitha gave his penis another squeeze, and stood. Carlos followed her with a look of curious anticipation. "Speaking of answering the bell," Tabitha said, still holding his cock and turning to approach the window, "Time to fuck with them some more."
We started as she thumped against the glass, bracing her arms against it. She spread her legs wide and looked over her shoulder. "Fuck me."
Carlos grinned. "This is just like we started. You want to take things full circle?"
"No," laughed Tabitha. "Well, yes, but mostly I want them to stare at my boobs crushed against the glass while you rail me from behind. I want them to have to watch how good you are at sex while they see how much I am enjoying myself--all the while knowing, whatever perverted jollies they got the last three days, we had way more fun."
Carlos chuckled in evil agreement. We looked back in amused (but aroused) condescension.
"Better lubricate me then," Carlos said, sanding to the side and holding that cock out to Tabitha. She got his idea and peeled herself slowly from the window. She bent and let a huge dollop of saliva drip from her mouth down onto his tip. Then she slid an impressive amount of him into her mouth in a single swoop. With agonizing slowness, she lifted her head and turned back toward the window with a smug expression. Carlos had certainly enjoyed her little show.
Tabitha leaned back against the window, hands on the glass and her backside stuck out for our other subject. Carlos needed no more encouragement. He stepped behind her, took his penis in his grasp and guided it between and below Tabitha's rounded buttocks. Well-positioned, he grasped her hips and they both sighed happily as he sank once more into her depths. His face was pointed down at Tabitha, but I could see his eyes cast up under his brows, scanning the mirrored surface in front of them.
Carlos tried to do the slow, steady, time-eating rhythm he employed that first evening, but I'm guessing the added sauce of thinking about being watched got him accelerating quickly. As he began to smack harder and louder into Tabitha, she let his thrusts press her forward until her naked breasts were mashed against the glass. The circles they made where her soft flesh came in contact with the glass grew and shrank with each thrust Carlos pounded into her. We could see Tabitha's face, also mashed against the glass, sporting a wicked, gleeful grin. Her eyes kept darting forward toward the mirrored surface she could not see through, but clearly imagining what was beyond.
The three of us sat in our chairs, frozen. At last, I had to speak. "Ladies," I said looking up at the digital timer for the experiment, which now read 0:34:22. "It is physically painful for me to observe that we just do not have enough time for me to rip both your clothes back off and give you both the fucking we all three truly deserve."
Anna moaned a little. She had a hand between her legs.
Chelsea groaned as well. "Truth be told, I was about to say something along the same lines. We all need to look fresh and professional to handle their reactions when we let them out, and disheveled and smelling of sex would not cut it."
Quietly, we continued to watch them fuck.
"After their debrief," Chelsea said, "let's not wait until we can get a library conference room to start our write up. Let's order pizza at my apartment this evening."
"Sounds good," I replied, my mind still on the frenzied copulation in front of me. "But my place is closer."
"Nope," Chelsea replied, also leaning forward to watch. "It should be my place."
"Why?" asked Anna idly. She was leaning back not forward, and her hand was still firmly between her legs.
"Because I'm the only one of us, as far as I know, who has a king-sized bed."
*——
Dean Mannheim leaned back from the monitors. Six of them were on the wall, two rows of three 42" OLED screens. The two on the left gave wide angle views of the entire experiment room. The other four provided comprehensive coverage of the observation space. "Well," he sighed happily, "I guess it is all over but the shouting."
"Do you think there will be much shouting?" Dr. Gandy asked, taking a sip of the 21 year-old Nicaraguan rum she had poured for them both as the timer ran down to zero.
"I think the subjects are so full of endorphins right now, it will be easy for kids as smart as ours to handle them, Brenda," Mannheim said confidently.
Gandy shook her head, bemused but enthused. "And I would say that our primary experiment produced extraordinarily better results than we had expected!"
"Some nice insights into the kid's non-sexual lives as well," she went on. "I especially love the way the boy thinks that he's invented the idea of applying his degree to advertising." Mannheim laughed knowingly. "Maybe I will give him an idea how much of my own income comes from Madison Avenue. At the very least, I will be able to provide him with plenty of useful contacts."
"Good," the Dean said. "I was most glad to hear that Chelsea is still interested in pursuing her doctorate here. She was admirable both in her analytical acumen and in her efforts to keep the others on task. I may have a few words with the committee when it comes time to evaluate the doctoral applications."
Gandy laughed musically. "You just want to give yourself five more years to figure out how to get your hands on her cute little ass."
Mannheim let just a hint of a smirk cross his face. "It is a shame that Anna was so relatively pedestrian in there."
Gandy looked at him in surprise. "You call that powerful bi-sexual awakening... pedestrian? Anyway, she wants to write, and she showed us a hell of an expressive mind in there. Way beyond the other two. She will be a writer whosellsbooks. I predict that either she or that sophomore Carol will be our next big celebrity alumna."
Mannheim snorted. "I hope you are right. Meanwhile, it will be hard for our two upcoming pairings to match up to that three-way creativity we just saw. It is too bad that young Carl had to stop out this semester due to his family's troubles. Otherwise he would have been in this class, too. Then we could have had two males and one female subject in round three."
"That could well have been a train wreck," Gandy said, less enthused over that possibility, though she was well aware that Carl had a rather high latency score in his confidential file.
"That's why we do the experiments, my dear," said Mannheim, half fun and full serious. They clinked glasses.
"You are right. For instance, I do look forward to seeing if the couples do a better or worse job of keeping their eyes on their task than our throuple did here. In the meantime, I think we should have a small celebration that this not only did not blow up all over everyone, but was indeed a resounding success."
"Capital suggestion," Mannheim said, taking another sip of the really, very nice rum. "What have you in mind?" He considered a refill.
"Well, since it was about the only area not covered over the last seventy-two hours," Professor Gandy said with a shrug, "I was thinking some nice anal would fill the bill." She picked at the buttons on her blouse, revealing the aging but still very nice breasts inside. "Don't you?"
——*
—————
Thanks as always for reading, and for staying to the end of this marathon! I hope you liked it. Please vote, and maybe check out my other works.