This is a FICTICIOUS story that contains elements of non-consent, abuse, and humiliation. If such things offend you, please do not read. This story is meant to be entertainment only.
**
Special thanks to TRCIII for editing this series! His efforts improve my work no end.
**
Matt looked out his study window. It was a bright and sunny day, and really warm outside. But he was stuck on this boring conference call, looking at the lovely day outside. He wished the view from the window was his garden, not his neighbour's garden, which was just basically a square of grass. Matt's garden was full of flowers and trees, and there were always birds to watch. But no, the window from his study was on the side of his house and faced the neighbour's back garden. Adele and Arron had only moved in the previous summer and had not done a thing with their garden, hence the grass square.
A daydream was occupying his mind more than the call. He was thinking about the changes he was planning to make to his garden if he could just get out into that sunshine. His thoughts were interrupted, as he watched Adele walk out her back door into the garden wearing only a tiny bikini. Adele was a lot younger than Matt; this was her first house with Arron. She was 26 or 27, and Matt had found her extremely attractive since the day they moved in.
Adele walked to the sun lounger in the garden and moved it to the centre of the grass and turned it so she would be facing Matt. He admired her body as she did this; she was about five foot four, and slim. She had long blonde hair that hung about two inches past her shoulders. She kept herself fit and had tits that were just that smallest bit bigger than a handful; they looked pert and firm. Then her legs were shapely and tanned, finishing in a very tight-looking bottom. 'Blonde goddess' was how one of the other neighbours had described her.
Matt was very suspicious about where she had placed the sunbed; it was not facing the sun, but his window. She knew he could see her garden; he had shouted out the window to her not two weeks ago when he had taken a package in for her. He actually had taken another parcel in for her this morning, but he was not in a position at the moment to deal with it. What bothered him was Adele had taken to teasing a little. She would make very suggestive comments, and bend over inappropriately, and now this lounger placement. Any of the things on their own was nothing, but there was a definite pattern emerging.
Sitting back from the window at his desk, Matt watched her as she laid out a towel and laid down. Facing him as she was, he could see the tiny crease in her bottoms where her lips were fighting with the slightly-too-small bikini. It was a good view, which suddenly got better when she removed her top. Matt's window was the only one that overlooked their garden, as they lived on the edge of a village. Matt had fields on three sides of his house, and the next houses down were set forward so would really struggle to see into her garden. She knew he would be in his study and she was expecting him to see, and it was a tease just for him.
His concentration on the call was zero; his eyes were tracing the pert round shape of her breast, delighting in the slightly-puffy pink nipples. She really was a goddess! He sat back and enjoyed the view for several minutes. Then she moved and started to rub more sun-cream; she was looking directly at his window, although there was no way she could see him. The way she massaged the cream into her breasts and nipples was erotic; there was no other word for it, and she was still looking at his window. Slightly paranoid that she was watching him and could see, he moved across the room to the other side, her eyes did not move or show any indication she knew he had moved; she was still staring at the spot his chair was in at his desk. She was clearly teasing him.
Matt returned to his desk, and final confirmation that she was teasing him and putting on a show came moments later. She rubbed cream into her legs, pulling the bikini bottoms tight, extenuating the outline of her pussy. He watched, his cock getting hard as she rubbed the cream in, no doubt that this was all a show for him. His call had finished and he was free until the end of the day; he was supposed to be writing some reports, but they could wait. He thought about having a wank, but then a better idea occurred, one that would hopefully make her think twice about the tease.
At the bottom of the stairs, he picked up the parcel and walked out the front door, closing it very quietly behind to ensure she would not know he was coming until he appeared in her garden. That would teach her. Matt walked with confidence up his drive along the road and then quietly down Adele's drive to the back gate. Matt was really pleased to see the latch was broken so he was able to silently open the gate, although he shouldn't have worried. There was music coming from the house—not loud, but it would have covered up his approach.
Matt straightened himself, and strode around the corner with confidence, and said, "Afternoon, Adele. Parcel dropped at ours."
He watched as Adele jumped, and smiled to himself, but there was no attempt to cover her beautiful tits. As she regained her composure, she watched him walk over and put the package by the sunbed.
Adele said, "Thank you. That is very kind." Matt was annoyed that he had not caused more discomfort. In fact, she sat up, showing her perky tits in all their glory.
"It's no problem. Happy to assist you with a package now and then," Matt said, very much playing on the double meaning, his eyes almost glued to her amazing tits.
She smiled, clearly understanding, but ignoring it. "Everybody needs a neighbour like you, Matt," she said with a smile.
Clearly this had not worked as he hoped; she didn't care that he was here, this close to her naked boobs. She seemed to be enjoying the attention his eyes were paying to them. "Oh well," he thought, "at least I got a proper eyeful, not just from a distance," he thought to himself, as he turned to leave.
"I'll leave you to make the most of the sunshine," he said, as he started back across the lawn.
He had got about three steps when Adele said, "While you are here, can you help with something?"
There was something about her voice. Matt was sure this would be more tease as turned back towards her and said, "Why, of course."
Adele flipped herself over to be laying on her belly, hiding those god-sent tits, and said, "Can you cream my back?" in the most suggestive voice he had ever heard her use.
Matt knelt down and picked up the sun cream, "No problem," he said in a very level voice. "Just your back?"
"Well, I have done the backs of my arms and legs, but you never know, so if you don't mind..." she said, the suggestion dripping from her voice. She flicked her hair around her head to expose her back and neck.
Matt squeezed cream into his hand and rubbed them together. Moving them to just above her shoulders he said, "Might be cold," and placed his hands on her upper back. He slowly worked the cream into her shoulder blades and shoulders, then her neck. Her skin was so soft, but the body underneath was firm, fit and strong. He carefully worked down her left arm, feeling her muscles as he did and then let his fingers linger just a moment longer than needed as he got to her hand.
"You are good at this," she said, her voice more seductress than playful now. "Have you trained to massage?"
"Nope, just years of experience learning how to keep a woman happy," he laughed, and put some more cream in his hand to do her right arm. Again, he felt her muscles and lingered longer than was required as he got to her hand.
Another slug of cream and he started on the middle and bottom of her back, rubbing it in small circles and slightly down the side. He was able to have a good grope of side boob doing that, and he was not sure if she let out a sigh or a moan. Either way he felt his cock hardening.
As he got to the bottom of her back where the slightest of v's created a small gap between her skin and the bikini, he could see just the smallest amount of her arse crack, and slipped to fingers into that gap, moving them to the sides, both increasing his view of her perfect arse, but also spreading cream to the sides under her bikini cord.
"Cheeky!" she said.
"I'm a man that does the job properly or not at all," he said, as he slid his fingers back out.
More cream, and as he moved down and placed his hands on her left foot, slowly working in the cream, she giggled.
"Sorry, ticklish feet," she confessed.
Matt tried not to let that put him off, and started up her ankle and calf. She giggled again as he did the back of her knee. The same reaction was experienced when he returned to the right foot and worked his way up. Her calves were firm and smooth, with a beautiful curve and definition.
Matt took a deep breath, as he started to rub cream into her thigh, he moved up the back, and slipped his fingers under her bikini, rubbing in along the line of her bikini bottoms, groping her arse as he went, which she did not seem to object too. He moved to the other thigh, taking the same liberties with her firm, curved bum. However, once he was done, kept his fingers inside her bikini and moved down, his hand slowly creeping between her legs. As he felt her pussy which was wet, he kept going down, aiming for her clit.
His fingers brushed across her clit and he moved them in to get a more firm grip. "No, stop, wait," Adele said, a level of panic in her voice.
"No, Adele, you stop. You are a naughty girl and tease remorselessly. Naughty girls suffer the consequences of being naughty," Matt said, as he used his other hand to push her down onto the sun bed.
He squeezed her clit between his fingers, making it pop up. She moaned, although Matt was sure that started out as a further complaint. He rubbed his middle finger across her clit back and forth, feeling her twitch and finch, her breathing shortening and becoming more rapid. She was definitely supressing moans as he worked that clit. He moved the hand that was on her back and she didn't move. That was all the compliance he needed, and pulling her bikini out of the way, slid two fingers into her dripping wet pussy. The moan that came with that she couldn't suppress. As he fingered her, he used the two other fingers on that hand to apply pressure to her mons, really forcing her clit into his other hand as he rubbed.
"Oh Jesus," she moaned, "you need to..."
Matt assumed her next word was, "stop," but he deliberately pressed hard on her clit. He knew she was going to cum soon, and moved his weight to pin her in positon.
He pressed hard on her mons, as she responded to his fingers. She was moaning now, with the words, "No, stop, I don't want this," all mixed in, but there was no force to them so he continued. He twisted her clit and she gasped, loudly.
Adele was moments from cumming now; he moved the fingers inside her to rub her G spot, and she immediately responded. Her first orgasm washed over her, muscle spasms and breathing turning to panting giving her away. But Matt kept up the pressure, forcing the orgasm to continue as she started to fight to get away. The sensations were clearly starting to overwhelm her. Matt increased the pressure on her clit, her pubic mons and G spot further; there was a carnal scream into the air, "Arrrrrrrgggggghhhhhh," but still he did not let up.
Adele seemed to have lost the ability to control her arms and legs; there were spasms and random movements with no coordination. She panted the words, "Please stop, I can't take it," but Matt continued. He knew what his goal was.
From her already orgasmic state Matt could see something bigger building and knew this would provide the outcome he was looking for. Adele was moaning heavily and didn't seem with it at all, lost in her orgasm and ecstasy. He increased the torture her clit was being subjected to, her body shaking under his firm grip, his pinning weight now being moved slightly, but it was too late for that.
A carnal, orgasmic scream that was probably heard at the other end of the village broke from Adele's lips, as she squirted all over the sun lounger, Matt just removing his fingers in time.
He let her go and stood, watching her lay there shaking, trying to catch her breath; she had clearly never experienced anything like that before, but calm was slowly returning to her body. It was two or three minutes before she spoke. "That was assault." A pause to breathe in. "You sexually assaulted me."
"I just gave you the best orgasm you have ever had," Matt replied, "and it will be worse if you keep teasing me."
Matt strode away, and as he got to the gate she called after him, "You will never stop me teasing." He walked back to his home smiling to himself. As he entered his driveway, he saw Arron pulling up. He laughed to himself; how she was going to explain her state, and the squirt all over the sun lounger, he had no clue!
As he got back to his study, he looked out to see Adele, top back on, hurriedly cleaning up. She probably only had a few moments before her husband appeared at the back door, and Matt laughed loudly. What a fun way to spend an afternoon.