All characters depicted here are 18+
***
Standing outside Jays door Barley felt a familiar tingle in his groin. He looked down to see once again he was fully erect. He couldn't make heads or tails of this. The thrill of going to challenge his brother gave him such a kick. He thought back to what his mother told him about using this feeling to fuel his magic.
"Could this really be what mom meant?" He thought.
Reluctantly he turned away from Jays room. As he walked down the hall he pondered his options. He couldn't face his brother in this state and even if he wasn't hard, what would Jay do if he felt cornered? Barley had no idea what wild or sadistic spells Jay might throw at him in a fit of rage. He needed to plan a decent defence.
Back in his room he knelt down by the chest at the foot of his bed, pausing to readjust his agitated cock through his jeans into a more comfortable position. After a few moments rummaging through the contents he found what he was looking for. It was a small origami butterfly with the word "Patridium" written across the wings. It was a gift his mother gave him as a child after a particularly heated fight between the boys.
Years back, Jay had invited some friends over and had kept magically pulling Barleys pants down in front of them.
He remembered how they kept goading Jay, "Get his undies down too!"
Although Jay was clearly trying and almost did, he failed time after time. After Morgan separated the two boys she explained to Jay that was no way to exploit his gifts. Jay paid her no mind and sauntered off with his friends.
Barley told her, "He always does this mom. He uses magic to prank me cause I can't do it back."
Morgan thought for a moment then gave him the small paper bird.
"You need to try and stand up for yourself honey. But until you can, use this. It's a talisman imbued with a shield spell. If Jay ever tries again just hold the bird, think of a safe place and say the word. Do that and it will block any basic spell," she explained.
Barley used to use it daily to hold off Jay but it was very inconsistent. However he was desperate for any protection he could find. Holding it in his hand he wondered if he could perfect its effects. With his mother's explanation maybe he could figure it out. He recalled her example of using the feeling of the shower to make it rain outside. So if he could somehow create a feeling of safety, could he then make the shield spell protect him?
In theory it made sense but he needed the right situation, the right fuel. He wouldn't be safe confronting Jay, so he'd have to make himself safe in a dangerous place. He tried to remember the last time he felt safe in a dangerous situation. And then it hit him. The garage!
When he was in there earlier he knew it was dangerous, that he might get caught, and eventually did. But he felt so at bliss in that moment of sexual pleasure.
"No that won't work," he thought.
The memory was tainted by his mother. Every time he thought of it he was overcome with that same shame of her finding him hunched over cock in one hand and his other teasing his asshole. But it was so close to the perfect feeling he needed.
"If only she hadn't walked in," he thought.
Then as though a little devil was whispering in his ear he remember something. She wasn't home.
He stood up trembling with anticipation, feeling afraid but still excited by the danger of what he was about to do. His rigid member rubbing against his jeans felt like it was taunting him to follow through with his crazy idea. Worst case scenario Jay found him but he needed that risk. Cautiously he went back down to the garage hoping to reignite the same rush. With every step he felt the heartbeat quicken and his cock twitch
He entered and looked around the site of his recent humiliation. He checked and noticed no stains on the floor, his mother must've cleaned up the "mess" he made.
"Damn she's just the best," he thought feeling a tinge of shame at the thought of his mother cleaning his stray boy seed. He looked around the room slowly stroking his boner through his jeans observing his surroundings. Once again he unbuckled his pants and pushed them down to the ground along with his boxers.
He quickly picked up where he left off earlier getting a steady pace jerking his sizeable cock and arching his head back. He held his left Palm infront of his exposed cock head to massage it with every thrust. As he built momentum he focused on the danger he was In. That at any moment his brother could walk in. He was now viciously fucking his hand with thick precum leaking over his tightly clenched fists. But something was missing.
He recalled earlier how he'd began teasing his hole for the first time and how much he wanted to do it again. He took his left hand now glazed in precum and lead it directly behind him. Squatting down to gain better access, his thick legs planted him to the ground holding him steady. His long middle finger now nicely lubed up by his own semen gently graze his virgin hole.
As soon as he made contact he let out a light gasp. He knew he wanted this. It was so bizarre to him. He'd had this lust before many times but it had always seemed so dirty. Now however he wanted to be dirty. He wanted more than just jerking off to pictures and videos. He wanted to engage every nerve in his body, too explore every forbidden crevice in the search of this new ecstasy.
Gently his finger teased his anus smoothly poking in further and further. It didn't hurt, it just felt so new. His finger slid in and out in rhythm with his right hand jerking his pulsating rod. It was a rush unlike any he'd had before. His ass clenched tight around his intruding digit. The feeling of his hole stretching and contracting around each thick joint of his finger was an intense new experience. He felt so at risk of being caught but at the same time he felt safe in this newest pleasure.
Barley closed his eyes taking note of everything he was feeling right now. Parts of his body felt like they were crying out for attention. His balls slapped hard against his thighs like they were craving any degree of touch available. His abs were tensing and relaxing with ever long drag on his cock. He continued only distracted slightly by a tingling in his lips. He lightly closed his jaw around his lower lip letting it crawl through his teeth. But it wasn't enough. There was something missing. Something more he wanted but he didn't know what.
Shaking this thought from his brain he aimed his focus back to his quivering hole. His finger slid deeper through his lubed opening feeling the heat of his till then most unexplored realm of pleasure, until it hit something. A small fleshy mound that sent a fast electric shock firing through him from head to toe. Like swift waves coursing through him of orgasmic joy. He didn't hold back and let his cock fire off his second orgasm of the day out his rock hard pulsing cock.
"Oh...oh fuck.. UNHhhh!" He groaned as Stream after stream of hot cum launched out his dick onto the floor. Letting the feeling take over he submitted entirely to his most basic instincts to submerge himself in this bliss.
He'd done it. He'd found that feeling of safety in danger he'd been looking for. Now he knew he could use the shield spell properly if he had to, he just had to remember this feeling.
He came to a stop, standing up straight to look at the mess he made. He scanned the room for a rag or something to clean up with and found an old towel. Quickly grabbing it he set about cleaning up the mess. He had to remove all evidence. Only half an hour ago he'd promised his mother he would refrain from using the garage for his sexual exploits. He was sure if he explained it was to further understand his sexuality and magical skill she'd be understanding but if he could he was eager to avoid a repeat of the conversation she had with him earlier.
While he was scrubbing at the ground he knocked over a pile boxes . He quickly cleaned up the last of his cum off the floor, wiped down his toned chest and crotch and threw the old towel in the laundry hamper.
He turned his attention to the pile of boxes he'd knocked over and set about picking it up. Among the clutter he found a farmiliar object he hadn't seen in years, the old bird cage.
He became flush with embarrassment remembering its significance. The last time he saw it was the day the family parrot escaped. The day he last failed at magic and wound up naked in front of his entire extended family. His mum must have put it down here when Pernasus flew away.
He didn't want to look at it as it just stirred up his most humiliating memory. Picking it up however he saw that it wasn't empty. He wouldn't have given it much thought had he not recognised the cages odd occupant. His suspicions were confirmed as he reached in the cage and pulled out that same hideous itchy outfit he'd been wearing that day. The outfit he hated so much and then just disappeared leaving him cold and exposed to all those peering eyes. He felt itchy just looking at it but what the hell was this thing doing here? It had been neatly folded and covered in the straw lining the base of the cage.
He put the cage back on its shelf and headed out the garage taking the dusty old outfit with him. Walking through the house to the large main hall staircase. He couldn't put it down, it was just too perplexing. Did his mother put it there? Why wouldn't she just throw it out? Did he put it there after that shameful day and just forget? It just made no sense. His train of thought was interrupted by Jay's shrew piercing voice.
"Hey dickless I'm going out so don't leave without locking up," He said condescendingly, clearly assuming that Barley had forgotten their interaction in the locker room that afternoon.
Jay chuckled spotting what his brother was holding.
"Hey look at that it's your old dress suit. Haven't seen that since the last family get together. Well the first half of the get together anyway. As I recall you spent the bast part of that day in your birthday suit," He said cackling at Barleys visible discomfort.
"It wasn't the best part of the day it was like a minute at most," he said feeling his blood boil in a mix of anger and embarrassment.
"Yea but it was still the best part of that day. Even if it was a very "little" part," Jay said sneering wickedly holding his pinky finger up. Waving it mockingly at his brother.
For all Barley was ready to punch Jay there and then he thought it best not to address the fact that he knew Jay had been spying on him and his teammates just yet. He wanted to test his knew found talents in magic just in case things went south. He wanted to make sure he could match Jay on his own turf. He had after all proven he had no qualms using magic for more nefarious purposes so Barley had to play it safe.
"Whatever, I won't be heading out either way," Barley said innocently
Jay had already turned and was out the door.
"Yea do whatever you want!"
*SLAM*
Barley stood looking at the door angry. He'd never hated his brother. They were brothers after all so they never really hated eachother. But damn this felt close, he wanted to run after Jay and call him out as a cocky prick, an egocentric jerk, a selfish little bitch. All were equally fitting.
"You've got some nerve telling me to do whatever I want. Thats always been your only real talent..." The thought trailed off as Barley had an idea. A possible explanation.
"Do whatever I want," He said aloud. Listening to the words. He looked down at the itchy irritating outfit in his hands.
"Could that be it?" He thought.
He had to test his theory. What if that's all it was? The reason magic didn't work right. Why his clothes had disappeared. Could it be because somehow in some twisted way it was what he wanted to happen?
He remebered that day how he didn't want to do the spell to teleport the parrot. That all he wanted was to go and get out of that stupid outfit. So maybe, just maybe that's what the spell did. It listened to his real desire and made the thing he wanted to be rid of disappear. His clothes!
He ran up to his room closed the door and stripped off to his underwear. It was a tight fit but he squeezed into the itchy little dress suit. He looked in the mirror and saw a ridiculous sight. The cuffs and hems of the suit cut short at his elbows and knees. He couldn't buckle the pants or the jacket and the whole ensemble had the same itchy feel to it, particularly in his crotch where it was rubbing against the stale dry cum from his latest garage incursion.
Yes he was quite the sight but this could be the key. He stood looking in the mirror. Taking his mother's advice he thought of the feeling he hoped to achieve. The freeing breeze of the air on his skin. Of standing in his underwear with the suit on the floor. He began the incantation.
"Metaportus...metaportus...metaportus..."
He focused on his desire to remove his clothes.
"Metaportus...metaportus.."
He could feel his mind drift to his brother Jay. His smug grin, his arrogant laugh and his teasing of Barley.
"Metaportus...metaportus..."
He tried desperately to focus.
He thought to himself "Leave me in my underwear, Jays smug grin, in my underwear, Jays an ass, my underwear..."
His mind teetered back and forth as he heard the wind woosh. It was working. He continued to chant the spell.
"Metaportus...'Jays an ass, in my underwear'"
"Metaportus...'Jays a.., in my underwear'"
"METAPORTUS!... 'JAY IN MY UNDERWEAR'"
The wind settled and Barley felt a familiar feeing but this time it wasn't stacked with humiliation, it was coupled with triumph. He looked in the mirror and saw himself bare of his itchy suit which was folded neatly on the floor in front of him. He looked at himself feeling proud.
"I did it!" He thought. He finally pulled of a spell perfectly. Or atleast almost.
He could feel something was off. His waist felt tight, almost painful. He looked down to his boxers but they were different. He could feel the seams cutting into him. His crotch felt so tightly packed in but looked to be almost double the size.
These weren't his boxers. They were Jays.
He recognised the black boxers with the purple band around the waste. What had happened? He recalled the spell he'd just cast and his thoughts leading up to it. Then it dawned on him. He was thinking, "Jay in my underwear" when he cast the spell. So for all the spell had removed the itchy outfit from himself it must've also sent his underwear to wherever Jay was, and sent Jays onto him.
He had a brief chuckle to himself at the idea of Jay cycling into town and suddenly feeling his boxers being swapped with his own. He still couldn't get over how tight they felt. He knew Jay was a little more scrawny than him but it was so specific to his crotch. And his bulge really did look huge in them. Unnaturally so. In his curiosity he reached down to adjust his dick but didn't feel it through the fabric. There was something else in there. He reached inside the tight underwear and pulled out something that made him smile in disbelief. A rolled up pair of socks.
Barley chuckled for a moment at the obvious implication that his brother stuffed his boxers. He hadn't seen Jay naked in years. Just as their mother said Jay was always so cautious about nudity or ever being seen in any state of undress. Did she know something Barley didn't?
He didn't want to give Jay excuses for being an ass but having a little dick would explain a lot as well as it fit his personality.
But what if it was the spell? Socks were technically a type of underwear so what if it just sent them along with the boxers? But then why wouldn't Barleys socks be gone too? And why would they appear in his boxers and not just on his feet? He checked the pile of clothes and sure enough his own socks were folded neatly on top.
He was slightly ashamed to admit it but he was delighted at the possibility that he might have some dirt on his brother. If his own experiences with shame were anything to go on he knew how useful this could be in a fight against Jay. This could be what shook Jays confidence enough to nerf his magic enough for Barely to bring him down a peg. But this wasn't enough evidence. However he had an idea on how to find out. Jays room.
Not bothering to change out of Jays boxers or put anything else on Barley streaked down the hall to Jays room. He hadn't been in since Jay had enchanted the door so only he could open it but Barley was feeling confident that whatever Jay could do he could undo.
He looked at the door and focused on his desire to open it. He didn't let anything else cloud his thoughts. He was determined to do it right this time. But try as he may he couldn't remember the spell.
"Damn why didn't I pay more attention in moms classes," he thought. He had countless little facts and incantations burrowed into his head but none of them were any use to him right now. He knew she'd have a book somewhere with a spell he could use.
Again he ran down the hall. Feeling the air on his muscular chest and legs was so liberating. He could feel himself getting hard again. It was getting uncomfortable in his brothers diminutive boxers as his long rod fought against the stitching for freedom. He ignored it as best he could and charged into his mothers bedroom. He scanned her bookcase looking for the spellbook from his childhood till he found it. Pulling it out he read the name across the front cover "Basic spells for basic witches."
"Ha," he said aloud. He never got that joke as a kid.
He flipped through the pages looking for the right spell
"LOCOMATIO the telekinesis spell. Used to moved, raise or vibrate inanimate object or organism"
He'd remember this one but it wouldn't undo the spell on the door. He continued to scroll through
"GORGONIS freezing spell. Used to halt objects in place (combine with the word PODIASO to isolate the freezing to the targets feet. This is useful for interrogation "
He was sure he'd find a use for that.
"Ah ha found it," He thought.
"ENCAFINÈ used to cancel out the effects of other standard spells"
He replaced the book and ran back do Jays bedroom door. He knew the word and had the desire.
"ENCAFINÈ!"
*click*
It worked! No added effect or unexpected outcome. It just worked perfectly. Without pausing to bask in his triumph he pushed the door open and entered.
Jays room was everything Barley expected. Purple wallpaper, a large double bed, modest sized work desk in the corner covered in books, trinkets scattered around the wall and a large portrait of himself above his bed.
"Fuck," Barley thought "Could Jays head be lodged any further up his own ass?"
Looking through Jays underwear drawer he found all his boxers seemed the same. Smaller than his own by a few sizes but the fabric was stretched to hell in the crotch. Still not enough evidence.
He skimmed through the books opening them all looking for a diary or something incriminating. All seemed normal till he found one that seemed out of place. Where all others seemed magical in subject matter one was simple named "Highway routes of the Midwest." What seemed extra off was that all the pages were blank. Barley knew this had to be something important. Jay must've enchanted it to hide the content. Barley smiled wickedly as he sat the book down and cleared his mind.
"Encafinè!"
The pages to the book flipped rapidly back to the front. Each page filling with text and images barley couldn't read from the speed. It suddenly stopped and barley picked it up.
There it was. Perfectly legible in Jays handwriting "Jays diary".
Barley stood still in just his brothers skimpy boxers which he swore were screaming trying to contain his raging boner and began to read. He saw so many crude confessions of his brothers inner mind. How Jay had been so jealous of his talent and wishing he was as naturally gifted as Barley. How he admitted to teasing and ridiculing Barley to discourage him from performing magic.
He found spells and potions that Jay had taken note of. All had some kind of affiliation with growth or enlargement. Jay was pretty average height so barley assumed what these spells could be for and it made him smile.
The evidence was stacking against Jay now but Barely paused his thought of Jays secret shame when he found an unsettling section of the book. Each page had a Polaroid Jay had stuck into the page. The quality was a bit poor but Barley new exactly what these were. They were photos of a crystal ball. Barley knew it must've been the one Jay was using to look through the other one he'd placed in the locker room because in each photo he saw the image of one of his teammates completely naked.
He could see each of his team members exposed bodies from head to toe. This exploitation of his friends made him mad enough but Jay had noted commentary on each photo. In fact Jay had ranked all of Barleys teammates on some kind of spectrum.
Danny Cornish
face: ugly
cock: pathetic (like a sad button)
rank #7.
Wish he'd get in some kind of accident so he'd stop ruining the image
Martin brown
face: meh
cock: could do better (carrot, but I want cumcumber)
rank #6
not terrible but I wouldn't tell him that
Barely scanned through the pages pausing when he saw an entry for his best friend Eliot.
Eliot Parnelli
Face: perfect
Cock: incredible (eggplant)
Rank #2
At his best when he's quiet. As soon as I perfect that mind control spell this ones gonna be near the top of my hit list.
Barley couldn't believe this. Jay was planning on using magic to essential force his best friends into who knows what. The only solace was that if Jay was as under-equipped as Barley suspected then his friends weren't in too much danger. Still he wouldn't stand for Jay traumatising his best friend.
He rushed through the pages looking to move past this twisted section until he stopped.
Barely Wardwood
face: failed version of mine
cock: no comment (soon to be mine)
rank# does not place
Bloated dumbass with nothing going for him. Would only keep him for spare parts.
Barley flared with rage and slammed the book against the wall. He could feel tears building in his eyes. How could Jay say such horrible things. For all they endlessly butted heads he still loved Jay. But now he had nothing but contempt, and what did he mean by "soon to be mine"? Regardless Jay was going to pay for this.
He went to turn away to leave the room till he spotted the book open at the back page. His curiosity got the best of him so he picked it up.
It was a chart of measurements consisting of 7 columns numbered 12-18. Each column had the 12 months of the years going down one after the other. All of columns 12-17 were full and 18 was almost full with only October left.
Barely knew that each year must have counted not from January to December but from October to November. The only reason he could think of this was that they were counting birthday to birthday since the boys birthday was October 29th. Not too far away.
What was particularly odd was that the only varying measurements were in the 12 column. Months November to April all read
S-1.3 H-2.4 C-no
The numbers went up only a couple times and capped off at August in the 14 column where they read
S-2.1 H-3.4 C-no
The numbers stayed the same for the rest of that chart right up till September in the 18 column. The only difference was that the months read C-yes after the 16 column
Barley had a hard time making sense of it all till he spotted and index key on the back cover of the book. It read.
S=soft
H=hard
C=cum
It all made sense. These were the measurements of Jays dick. Barley paused as the realisation hit him. He began to laugh to himself, he couldn't stop if he tried. He sat on the window ledge to steady himself. This was the perfect leverage for his brother. He'd seen boys on his team who were less endowed and would never have thought to tease them as he thought it was cruel. But a little bit of cruel was what Jay needed.
Barley still half couldn't believe it. If this was true it would mean that Jays cock was only 2.1 inches long soft and 3.4 inches hard. What did that even look like? Every time he thought of it he laughed a little more. The idea of every time Jay acted a cocky prick, there was a minuscule little mushroom sized nub bouncing around in his shorts. The added shame of Jay having not been able to cum till he was 16 was again hard to imagine. But damn hilarious.
His thoughts were shook violently by an all to familiar sound.
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN HERE?" Jay screamed storming into the room.
Barley looked up to see Jay but he didn't look himself. He looked out of breath, his hair wasn't its usual state of perfect and his fancy designer fleece was wrapped around his waist like an apron covering his front.
Barley knew this was it. The confrontation they'd been building to but his confidence was still shook. He needed one last test to prove to himself he was ready.
He stood with his strong legs planted to the ground still clad in only Jays tight boxers which were surely leaving nothing to the imagination as he knew his cock was hard as stone. Running off to the side leaving a nice long outline of his large member. With Jays diary still in his left hand he raised his right and with a slight flick of his fingers said, "Locomatio!"
With a swift slam the door closed making Jay almost leap out his skin. He turned to look at the door then back at barley unknowing that his life had just changed in the worst way possible. The image was no longer two rivalling alphas in a stand off but a little lamb in the den of a lion and Jay looked terrified.
With a wicked smile Barley said, "We need to talk..."
End of part 3