Dear Reader,
My husband and I play a game where we tell each other our fantasies. Then we decide if they are just fun to talk about or if we can actually act on them. Below is a story that compiles all the fantasies I've had that wouldn't be safe to act on due to STIs, social media, and maintaining a career in my profession.
In the story below, my character isn't worried about losing her job/career because of compromising pictures on social media. She also isn't worried about pregnancy or getting an STI.
While I am all about promoting safe sex and maintaining a career, this is a compilation of my fantasies. And that's the beauty of fantasies - reality need not apply.
On a final note, I will caution any reader who takes offense to a woman being called a slut and used as a sex object. Know that every sex scene is consensual in this story. No matter what, there is nothing sexy about rape nor doing any sexual acts against someone who says no.
Please enjoy my story that is a combination of submission and exhibition. Feel free to leave a comment or contact me via email.
——————
I had just graduated from college with a teaching degree in one hand and a lot of debt in the other. Finding a job was no problem, but keeping up with loan payments while making sure I ate and paid rent proved to be difficult. I had to find a roommate in order to help pay the bills.
The day Sabina became my roommate was the day my life changed.
"Where do you get all your money from?" I half asked and half demanded of Sabina. I had never once seen her go to work, but I had seen her wear nice new clothes, drive a sporty car, and she always paid for her half of everything using cash. Her only "work" was going out every night.
"Amanda, relax. It's nothing illegal."
"But I never see you go to work and you party every night."
"Wait until summer break, and I'll show you. Come on, let's get to the gym before we're late for our class."
Working out regularly was something Sabina had gotten me into from almost the day she moved in. I was just shy of 23 and used to a slender form with a cute ass and perky breasts. Now that I worked out daily, my body was tight all over. I had to give Sabina credit for pushing me to get my body in such good shape.
It was fun to go out with such a tight body. The men loved it and I always had my choice of guys and a few ladies to dance and grind on. Sabina had gotten me a few short dresses to "celebrate" my hot body. On weekends, she took me to all the best clubs.
One Friday, just before summer break, Sabina said to me, "After the gym, I'm taking you out, girl. We're gonna look so sexy AND we're going without panties," grinned Sabina.
"What? No!" I all but yelled at her.
Sabina smiled, but said nothing. Later we did go out to a new dance club. She got us in right away. Sabina could always do that.
Sabina ordered us drinks. I drank mine too quickly, and hadn't had enough to eat. The alcohol hit me hard. Sabina ordered me another drink.
"Come on, Amanda, bottoms up."
I drank the other one just as quickly and felt the alcohol almost immediately.
She hooked arms with me. "Come with me," Sabina whispered into my ear. I thought she wanted to dance, but Sabina brought me to side hallway and pushed me against a wall. She leaned in and kissed me. I was surprised at first and my body went stiff.
"Just go with this. Kiss me back. Let me touch you," Sabina whispered in my ear.
It was probably the combination of alcohol and the fact that I hadn't gotten any in awhile, but I kissed back with gusto. My hands were all over Sabina and hers were all over me. Sabina pulled away and squatted down in front of me.
"Ok, girl. We gotta get rid of these panties and get to dancing."
I felt Sabina's hands snake up my now too short skirt and pull down the waist band of my thong. Soon the thong was sliding down my legs.
"Put them back up," I hissed.
Sabina ignored me as she gave my thong a strong pull. I heard the fabric rip.
"Oops, guess you can't wear your thong anymore."
Sabina helped me step out of the thong and then flung the wisp of fabric down the hallway.
She stood up and got close to me, grabbing my hand. I felt her guide it under her skirt to her bare pussy lips.
In my ear, she whispered, "Play along because this is how you're gonna make so much money. They're watching now."
"Who," I demanded in a whisper as I felt Sabina's hand slide under my skirt and plunge into my opening. I was becoming so turned on. My labia were swollen and wet.
"Rich men," Sabina whispered and then nibbled on my earlobe while rubbing my clit.
I groaned and let my head rest against the wall. My hand began sliding up and down Sabina's pussy, plunging my fingers into her.
Sabina leaned hard against me while I got her off. With a strangled cry, I felt her squeeze around my fingers as she came.
"Damn, girl, that was good," she purred while extracting my soaked fingers from her pussy. She pulled them up to her mouth and slowly sucked one finger at a time. Her red lips puckering around each finger as she did.
Sabina's face became serious for a moment as she leaned forward so her mouth was to my ear. "Act like I'm kissing your neck. Smile and moan a bit."
I did my best to comply. Sabina grabbed my breasts and began massaging them through the fabric. My nipples became hard and I moaned for real.
She continued to whisper in my ear. "We're going out on the dance floor. A group of rich men will approach us. Refuse them nothing and I mean nothing. Once we step out on the dance floor, your body will be theirs for as long as they want it. It'll be fun and so worth it. I promise."
I didn't fully understand what she was telling me. I just knew I was so turned on that my pussy's wetness was sliding down my inner thigh. Could I really do this? I put that thought out of my head, looked at Sabina, kissed her, and then grabbed her hand to lead her out to the dance floor.
The bass hit my body immediately and I began to move. I held Sabina's hand and began to grind on her. Sabina had gotten off and I felt like I was starting to burn up with a need to get off myself.
Suddenly a masculine arm was wrapped around my waist and pulling me toward a muscular body. I tried to resist at first, but Sabina shook her head no.
"That's a good girl," the man whispered in my ear. He sucked my ear lobe for a few seconds and then whispered, "Your body is mine now."
I mutely nodded as I felt his hand slide up and down me. He grabbed my breast and pinched my nipple hard. I let out a soft moan.
"The little minx likes her tits grabbed," the man whispered in my ear as he slid his hand under my dress to grab my bare nipple.
My head rested on his shoulder and I again nodded mutely.
I watched another man approach. He was tall, muscular, brown hair, blue eyes, and so fucking hot. His white button up shirt and black slacks fit him perfectly and were clearly expensive.
"Jeremy, who is this enticing piece of ass?" the man asked.
"Hey Dylan," Jeremy greeted, "I never asked her name. She came with Sabina. But her ass and tits have made me so hard."
Dylan leaned forward, put his hands on my waist, and asked, "Hey, pretty girl, what's your name?"
"Amanda," I answered.
Dylan looked up, gave Jeremy a smile that made him look even more handsome, and said, "I like this one. So obedient."
Jeremy chuckled, his hands still groping my breasts. "Fuck, she has some hot tits. You gotta feel them."
Dylan reached out a hand and began feeling my breasts over my dress. "Damn, they are nice," agreed Dylan. "Jeremy, let's get a look under the hood. Is she wearing panties?"
Jeremy slid my dress up, exposing my pussy. I knew I shouldn't let him do it. Anyone could see my pussy. I felt Jeremy's knee between my legs, pushing them open. "Be a good girl. Let Dylan see that pussy of yours." I complied, spreading my legs further.
This was so crazy. I stood in front of two strange men, in the middle of a busy club, naked from the waist down, and my pussy was glistening with how wet I was.
Dylan stepped closer to me and said into my ear, "Don't worry, Amanda. We've claimed you and that wet pussy of yours. We promise to take good care of you."
I nodded again. I felt Dylan's hands slide between my pussy lips. It felt so fucking good. I moaned and opened my legs wider.
"You're such a good slut, aren't you Amanda," Jeremy whispered in my ear. I nodded, while feeling Dylan's fingers enter me. I was so close, just a few more strokes and I would be crying out loudly on the dance floor.
"She's close. Don't let the little minx come yet. The others will want to see her pretty pussy," Jeremy said while pulling my dress down and forcing me to shut my legs.
I gave a whimper of protest. Both men laughed. Dylan added, "This little slut is on fire. Her pussy is dripping. Sabina did a good job warming her up for us."
I should have been offended. The two men talked about me like I was just there for their amusement. That thought only turned me on more.
Dylan grabbed hold of me, tucking me under his arm. He smelled good and I leaned into him. Jeremy came up next to me and grabbed my ass.
"Fuck, she's hot. Look at those blue eyes, fuckable lips, and long brown hair," Jeremy exclaimed.
Dylan nodded and added, "She's a good contrast to Sabina with Sabina's blond hair. They'll look good together at private parties."
"Hey there, baby girl, you want to come to our private parties, right?" Jeremy asked. It was the first time I had gotten a look at him. He had black hair, olive skin, and dark brown eyes. He was so handsome.
I nodded, and said, "Yes."
"That's a good girl," Jeremy said as he squeezed my ass again. "Come on, I'm getting you a glass of wine."
Both Dylan and Jeremy guided me to the bar. As we approached the bar, Dylan whispered into my ear, "Rest your elbows on the bar and stick your ass out as you bend forward."
Once at the bar, Jeremy pulled my dress down so almost all of my breasts were showing. "Be a good girl and lean forward so the bar tender can get a good look."
I leaned forward over the bar, with my ass sticking out. I noticed one of my breasts was completely exposed. Dylan leaned next to me, grinning.
A tall bar tender with skin the color of dark chocolate approached us. "Hey Dylan," the bar tender nodded. The bar tender's voice was a sexy bass that sent shivers down my spine. I stared at his deep brown eyes and full lips, wondering what they'd be like to kiss.
"Hey, Derek. Get this lady a glass of wine."
Derek leaned forward and grabbed my exposed breast. "This new one has some hot tits," Derek commented as he pinched my nipple.
Dylan leaned into my ear and whispered, "Don't be rude Amanda. Pull out your other tit and let Derek get a feel."
I quickly exposed my other breast letting both rest on the bar.
"Damn, she's fucking obedient," Derek rumbled as he grabbed both my breasts and pinched my nipples. Derek looked at me, and with his sexy bass voice, said, "I'm gonna need you to keep your tits out for me while I go and get your drink."
I nodded, feeling exposed as my breasts rested on the bar. A man sitting aways down openly stared at my breasts. One hand was around a whiskey while the other was under the bar working in a rhythmic pattern.
Jeremy came up to the other side of me and followed my eyes down the bar. He saw the man jerking off.
"Look at how enticing this little slut is. She's got some random guy jerking off under the bar."
Dylan turned his head and saw the guy. "You're are a good slut, aren't you Amanda. Look at that man down there, wishing he could fill your tight pussy with his cum. Tell me, Amanda, who owns that pussy of yours."
"You do."
"Who else owns your pussy?" asked Jeremy.
"You do too."
"Such an obedient slut. Isn't that right?" whispered Jeremy.
I nodded, feeling my wetness dripping down my leg, while watching the stranger move his arm more quickly. Dylan reached over and fondled my breast, giving the man even more of a show.
Derek returned with my wine. He casually fondled my nipples. While doing so, he saw the direction Dylan and Jeremy were looking. He turned too and looked at the man jacking off. He summoned the man closer with his finger.
"Sit her on the bar stool and spread her legs. Make sure she's giving a good show," ordered Derek.
I felt two sets of hands turn me around. Dylan hiked up my skirt while Jeremy forced my bare ass on the stool. Then Dylan opened my legs wide. I looked around frantically trying to see who else was watching. I noticed then that three large club security guards had formed a wall around me. Their backs were to me and they watched the patrons in club carefully. Sabina hung off a security guard standing at the end. He held her around the waist. She was smiling at me and even blew me a kiss.
"Relax, little slut. We control who gets to see and touch you," Jeremy said into my ear. "Don't worry, just turn control of that wet pussy over to us."
I should have been fighting to get up, closing my legs, covering my breasts, but I did none of it. Jeremy's words were strangely soothing, protective almost.
The man who had been wanking at a distance approach cautiously. There was a noticeable bulge in his pants.
"Have a seat, next to our slut, but don't touch her. Give the slut a good show," instructed Dylan.
The man nodded and pulled his dick out. It was long and slender. Dylan's head bent down and he sucked my left nipple. Derek reached over the bar and began pinching my other nipple. Jeremy lightly dragged his fingers up and down my open pussy, spreading my wetness.
"Shit, she's hot. Her pussy is literally dripping," Jeremy said.
The man with the slender dick croaked out, "I'm coming soon."
I was stood up instantly. Jeremy lifted my hands above my head and pulled my dress over my body. I felt so exposed standing naked in the middle of a busy club.
"Come on her tits," Jeremy ordered.
The man approached, stroking hard. Suddenly, he gave a groan and jets of cum landed on my breasts and flat belly.
"Put your dick away and move along," Dylan ordered.
With a grimace, the man shoved his too sensitive cock in his pants and quickly walked away.
Derek passed me a set of bar napkins and a glass of water.
"Clean the cum off you, slut," Derek ordered.
I quickly dipped a stack of napkins into the glass of water and washed the stranger's cum away. I looked around for my dress and saw it had been slung over a security guard's shoulder.
"Not so fast little slut," warned Derek. "Lift her up on the bar. I want a taste of that pussy."
Jeremy and Dylan grabbed me under each arm and leg. I felt myself being hoisted up on top of the bar, spread eagle. Derek's hands were on my inner thighs immediately and he wasted no time tasting me.
"Fuck, she tastes good."
I moaned in pleasure. I knew the security guards were providing a barrier, but I was beyond caring who saw me anymore. I just needed to cum and hard.
From the distance, I heard a new voice.
"Who's the new slut?"
"Hey Philip. This is Amanda. Sabina brought her." I let out a moan as Derek worked my clit with his tongue. My head flung back and I caught a glimpse of Philip's blond hair before Derek's tongue dragged me back to bliss.
I heard Philip order Sabina to come to him. Then all I felt was Derek's fingers delve into my pussy as his tongue worked my clit. That was it. I couldn't hold back any more and let out a loud keening noise as I came.
Taking a calming breath, I looked up to see Derek with my wetness all over his full lips. He grabbed head and pulled me into a kiss, letting me taste myself all over him.
Then I felt two sets of hands lift me off a the bar. Dylan handed me back my dress and I slid it over my body.
"You looked so hot, little slut. Did Derek do a good job taking care of you?" Jeremy whispered into my ear as he handed me a glass of wine.
I nodded yes and then took a huge drink of my wine. I turned my head to my left and saw Sabina hanging on Philip. Their blond hair and blue eyes painting a pretty portrait.
"Hey there Amanda," Philip greeted me.
"Hello," I responded, nervously taking another drink of my wine.
"You're one hot slut. I was really turned on by Derek and you," Philip continued. "I hope to see more of you at other events."
I nodded my affirmation and quickly downed the rest of my wine. The wine glass was whisked away and replaced with a glass of water.
"Drink this," Derek ordered as he slid a lime on to the glass. "We can't have you dehydrating on us now."
I gratefully accept the cold glass of water. As I drink from the glass of water, I watch Philip bring Sabina around so her ass is backed up against his cock.
"Babe, you're new friend has got me all hot and bothered. I'm gonna need you take care of it."
Sabina smiled broadly, got down on her knees and undid Philip's pants. Philip's long and thick cocks popped out proudly. Sabina squealed with delight and immediately put Philip's cock in her mouth.
"That's a good slut," cooed Philip. "That's it, take my big cock deep." Philip turned to Jeremy and asked, "How's the Dallas account."
Jeremy smiled and responded, "I nailed it as well you nail pussy."
Philip chuckled and then stood up. He turned Sabina around so her arms rested on the bar. He hiked her skirt up and plowed his cock into Sabina's pussy. Sabina moaned softly, clearly enjoying the giant cock filling her up.
Philip turned his attention to Dylan. "How's the Karis deal?" Philip asked.
Dylan looped and arm around me and absently pulled down my dress to play with my breasts. "I think it will be a done deal after our private party next weekend."
Philip grunted as he came and then pulled his cock out. Sabina immediately turned around, squatted down and licked Philip's cock clean before he put it back in his pants. Philip's cum pooled on the floor where it had slid out of Sabina when she squatted to clean his cock.
"You two ladies, run to the bathroom and get cleaned up," Philip ordered.
Sabina grabbed my hand and pulled me off the stool. Once my feet touched the floor, a security guard's arm snaked around my waist. "Follow me this way, please."
Instead of heading for the bathrooms on the main floor, the security guard escorted us up the stairs. He opened the door and I was brought into a luxurious bathroom with showers, a change of clothing, make up selection, and anything else I could want.
Sabina immediately stripped off her dress and left it on the floor. The security guard retrieved and tossed it in a hamper. He came back and looked expectantly at me.
I stared dumbly for a few seconds.
"Amanda, just give the man your dress. Quit wasting time."
I let my dress fall off my shoulders and slide down my body. I leaned to step out of it and lost my balance. The security guard's hand shot out and grabbed me by the elbow to stabilize me.
"Thanks," I said quietly. He nodded and then scooped up my dress. I kicked my heals off and he scooped them up as well.
I heard a shower start and followed the sound. Sabina's hand came out from behind the shower curtain and pulled me in.
She had a shower cap on to keep her hair from getting wet. Sabina quickly twisted my long hair into a messy bun and tossed a shower cap on my head.
"We have to hurry. The men will expect us back quickly. Don't get your face wet."
I quickly rinsed off my body and used some rose scented soap to scrub my body. Sabina did the same.
"What do you think?" gushed Sabina. "Isn't this fucking hot? Being used and protected by hot and powerful men?"
"How did you ever find these men?" I asked as I quickly dried my body off.
"Oh, they found me on my eighteenth birthday. I was at a club and Philip picked me up. They've been my job for three years now. My sex life is awesome and I have all the money I need."
"So a group of men pay you to use you in public places?" I asked while wrapping a towel around me.
"Yup, I'm a member of their harem. I want for nothing so long as I only open my legs for one of the boys. It'll be the same for you."
I let that sink in. Sabina was telling me how different my life was going to be.
"I don't get it. These men could have any woman they want. They wouldn't even have to pay."
"True, but these men like their women a certain way. Wet and submissive. They don't want to waste time looking for the right women. They want sex when they want it no matter where they are. For that, they need a woman who will suck and spread on command," Sabina explained casually, like this situation was completely normal. She grabbed my hand, and brought me back out to the main room.
Two new dresses with matching heals were waiting. There was also a bottle of wine and two plates of hor d'oeuvres waiting. I quickly downed half the plate of finger food. My stomach rumbled in appreciation.
The security guard appeared again. "Mr. Erickson will be here in 10 minutes. He expects to have Ms. Amanda by his side upon his arrival." The security guard went around the corner to stand by the door again.
"Come on, we need to get you ready quickly," Sabina exclaimed as she pulled my towel from me. She helped me slip into a fresh dress and new shoes. She restyled my hair a bit and touched up my make up. Between primping me, Sabina asked, "You know the building that says Erickson Industries on it?"
I nodded yes.
"That is the Mr. Erickson coming."
"Oh," I say dumbly.
"When I told you that the men will own you and control you, I really mean it for Mr. Erickson. If he doesn't like you, you can kiss all of this good bye. So if Mr. Erickson tells you to suck and fuck. Girl, you better open wide and take his cock. You got me?"
I nodded, feeling wet all over again at the prospect of being used by such a man so powerful.
The security guard came back around the corner. He extended his arm and I hooked my arm in his. Together we walked to a heavily guarded VIP room that overlooked the dance floor.
"Have a seat, please. Mr. Erickson will join you shortly."The security guard left quickly.
Shortly after, Philip, Dylan, and Jeremy joined me.
Dylan sat down next to me and put his arm around me. "Little slut, I really like you and I want you to stay around. I seriously want to fuck you until you're screaming. But I can't do any of that if Mr. Erickson doesn't like you."
Philip and Jeremy nodded in agreement. Jeremy handed me glass of wine.
"Bottoms up, little slut. We need you pliable and totally agreeable with Mr. Erickson."
As I gulped down the wine, I watched Derek come up the stairs and go behind the private bar.
"Get the slut another glass of wine, D," Philip called out.
Just as soon as I removed the first glass of wine from my lips, the glass was replaced with another full glass of wine."
"Drink it down, babe. I just got a text that Mr. Erickson is here," Philip whispered in my ear. I quickly swallowed the wine. And Derek just as quickly replaced my glass.
"Drink this one slowly. We don't need you shitfaced," Jeremy directed.
I heard people on the stairs coming up. The wine was making me feel warm and pleasantly buzzed.
Mr. Erickson made his way up the stairs with a beautiful Asian woman holding his arm. Sabina was hooked on to his other arm. He was older, maybe his mid-60s. While the age showed on his face, I still felt he was a very good looking man. His body still appeared fit and trim. The several thousand dollar suit he wore only added to his physical appearance.
"Mr. Erickson, good to see you," Jeremy approached holding his hand out. Mr. Erickson extended his hand, but it was off to the right. Jeremy quickly adjusted his hand to shake Mr. Erickson's.
"I hear you've brought me a tasty morsel. An obedient slut. I like the ones that do as they're told."
Philip walked up beside Jeremy, and said, "You know we only bring the best girls for you."
"Ahh, Philip, good to hear you are here too." Mr. Erickson again extended his hand, but his aim will still off. Philip went with the flow and took Mr. Erickson's hand like nothing out of the ordinary happened.
"Well, if Philip and Jeremy are here, then Derek and Dylan must be here too. They'd never miss out on an opportunity to break in a new a piece of flesh."
"You know it, Mr. Erickson," Derek's voice boomed from the bar. "What's your poison, sir?"
Mr. Erickson chuckled, but never made eye contact with Derek. "The usual," he responded.
"Coming right up, sir," rang out Derek's sexy voice.
"Get your ass over here, Dylan," ordered the business tycoon.
"How are you Mr. Erickson?" Dylan asked as he moved toward the older man.
Mr. Erickson smiled and extended his hand outward to no one in particular. Dylan caught it up in a handshake. "I'm about to be a whole lot better once I get my cock in this tight piece of ass you brought me."
Mr. Erickson turned to the Asian woman and spoke in Chinese to her. She responded back in Chinese and let go of Mr. Erickson's arm. She headed to the bar where Derek had already put a black case on the counter. The Chinese woman retrieved it and brought with her back to Mr. Erickson's side. She then guided Mr. Erickson to the love seat and set the case beside him. Carefully she set Mr. Erickson's hand on top of the latch holding the case together.
"Bring the slut to me."
Jeremy and Dylan hooked arms with me and brought me over to Mr. Erickson so my legs touched his.
"Strip her."
Jeremy and Dylan both grabbed a strap of my dress and let the dress slide to the floor.
"Spread her legs and put her on top of me."
I was picked up under my arms and legs again and my naked form placed directly over Mr. Erickson's lap. My pussy was at his face level, and this only made me wetter.
"She's wet. I can smell it."
Derek spoke up and said, "She loves being a slut, sir. It gets her so wet. She's been dripping all evening."
"Good, I love a wet and obedient slut who will fuck anywhere any time." Mr. Erickson turned his unseeing eyes towards me. "You're a good slut, right? Nice and horny? You follow orders no matter what."
"Yes, sir," I respond demurely, while feeling liquid drip down the side of my thigh.
"You've probably already noticed I can't see a damn thing."
"Yes, sir," remembering to speak out loud instead of just nodding.
"That means I really like the smells, sounds, and touches of a woman," he said as he slid his hand up my leg until he reached my apex. He immediately inserted two fingers into my pussy, and began forcefully drilling into my opening.
I let out a moan that became louder as I reached for my climax. Mr. Erickson pulled out suddenly, denying me my climax. The look in Sabina's face told me to keep my displeasure to myself.
"Thank you, sir, for the pleasure you allowed me," I say as I work to get my breathing under control.
"So obedient," the old man says as he grabs my ass.
I hear a click and watch the black case fall open. In it is an assortment of kinky toys.
Mr. Erickson speaks in Chinese again and the Asian woman reacts quickly. I soon found a ball gag in my mouth. Dylan and Jeremy return to lift me up so I am standing on my own two feet. Sabina bends me over the arm of the love seat.
The Chinese woman came around me and slowly inserted a lubed up metal butt plug into my ass. I want to cry out as my tight hole is forced open, but I bite down on the ball gag instead.
A long pole with ankle cuffs is placed between my legs, spreading open my pussy even further, and making it impossible for me to close myself off to anyone.
"Is the bitch ready for me?" Mr. Erickson asks.
"Yes, sir," replies Sabina. "May I help you sir?"
"Go on, be a good slut and guide my cock into some open holes."
Sabina walked over to Mr. Erickson and kneeled down. The Chinese woman moved to stand next to him. Sabina undid Mr. Erickson's pants and gently tugs them down, revealing an already hardening cock. Carefully Sabina takes the cock into her mouth and begins to suck. Soon, I watch the cock become too big to fully fit in her mouth. Mr. Erickson grabs Sabina by the back of the head and forces his cock deeply down her throat. I hear her make a gagging noise but Sabina keeps sucking.
Mr. Erickson pulls Sabina's mouth off his swollen member. He yells out a command in Chinese and Chinese woman quickly helps him undress.
For a man in his 60s, I notice quickly that he is in excellent shape. His muscles are still defined and his ass is firm.
"Guide me to the slut," he ordered. Both Sabina and the Chinese woman walk Mr. Erickson over to me. He is bumped up to me, causing his cock to nestle between my butt cheeks.
Using his hand, he feels for my pussy opening. Once he finds it, he uses his other hand to guide his cock into my wet opening.
There is nothing gentle about this sex. His cock is rammed into me hard, over and over again. Mr. Erickson grabs my hair and pulls back my head.
"You like this hard cock pounding you, don't you slut."
I murmur out an agreement, unable to form words. I feel myself getting close and I am so ready to come. The metal butt plug only increases my pleasure as I feel the thick cock rub against it. I would have begged for release had it not been for the ball gag.
Mr. Erickson stops abruptly and pulls his cock out. Unable to stop myself, I let out a moan of displeasure, causing the old man to laugh.
"Do you hear how eager she is for my cock?" he crowed.
Sliding his hand over my ass crack, Mr. Erickson pops out my butt plug and hands it off to Sabina. I feel fingers spread lubricant over my anus and the fingers gently force the lube in.
I was an anal virgin. I knew I needed to relax. I breathe deeply through my nose willing my body to relax.
I feel Mr. Erickson's hand roughly grip my ass cheek, while his other hand guides his well lubed cock toward my anus. He gives his stiff cock a shove and forces the tip into my puckered hole.
I groan in pain and pleasure. Slowly, the big cock is eased into my tight hole. Once his cock is fully in, Mr. Erickson pauses for a moment. I let the initial pain wash over me and reach for the pleasure. Without warning, Mr. Erickson begins to pound his cock into my ass. I let out a garbled moan and muted screams. Sweat forms on my back and between my brow. Mr. Erickson flicked my clit repeatedly and suddenly I can't hold back. I come so hard. Mr. Erickson comes quickly afterward, his seed filling up my tight hole.
I feel the cum ooze out of me, dripping down my leg. Sabina steps beside me, releases my ankles from the leg brace, and pulls me into a private bathroom off to the side. There is a small shower stall and she pops me in it, tying up my hair as she does.
"Rinse off quickly and get out. The others will want you now."
I nod mutely, enjoying the feel of the water on my sore bum. Getting out quickly, Sabina helps me towel off quickly, unties my hair, and touches up my make up.
"You were so fucking hot. Mr. Erickson really liked your ass. Jeremy will want it next. He and Dylan love to DP. Be ready for this initiation, girl, 'cuz they're gonna use your body hard."
A shiver of excitement and fear danced down my spine. Wetness pooled in my core. All of this felt so good. I'd never been treated this way before and it felt so fucking good.
"Come on girl, we gotta hustle."
I follow Sabina to the door when she stops suddenly in front of the door. "You ready for this?"
"Yeah," I reply, "I really am."
I follow Sabina out of the bathroom door and reenter the room to find Mr. Erickson and his female companion gone.
"Where did Mr. Erickson go?" I asked, half worried he left because I hadn't pleased him.
"He and his wife left," Jeremy explained as he wrapped his arms around my naked backside. I could feel his hard cock through his clothes resting on my ass.
"Wife?"
"Yes, the Chinese woman. Her name is Jia, and she speaks perfect English so don't be fooled," responded Dylan as he came up in front of me to suck on my nipples.
In front of me I watched Derek and Philip round on Sabina, tugging her dress to the floor.
Behind me, I feel Jeremy's pants fall to the floor and then his boxers. His hard cock smacks against my ass. He grabs me by the hair and pulls me back to him. In a breathy voice, he says into my ear, "Little slut, I've been waiting to fill your holes all evening."
Dylan pulls me toward the couch and flops me on it. Jeremy sits beside me, now fully naked. He grabs my head and pulls it down to his shorter, thick cock. I take it into my mouth enjoying the salty taste of his precum. Vaguely, I'm aware of Dylan stripping in front of me.
Some silent signal was given between the two men, and Jeremy stands up, yanking me to a standing position. "Be good little bitch, and ride Dylan's cock."
I watch Dylan sit on the couch, his erection at full attention. I straddle Dylan, and he forcefully pulls me down on his cock with no preamble. Dylan fucks me hard for a minute. I feel close to getting off, but Dylan suddenly stops and bends me forward so my ass is protruding.
Jeremy is behind me again, lubing my ass. I feel his cock at my back entrance and he slowly pushes it in. I feel the initial pain again that gives way to pleasure. He moves his cock in slowly, allowing me to get used to it.
Dylan says into my ear, "You ready for two cocks, babe?"
I nod yes. Jeremy's places his knees on the couch, his cock still in my ass, and helps lower me down on Dylan's cock. The sensation is unbelievable. I'm so full and turned on. My wetness is leaking down Dylan's cock. Jeremy starts pumping, which forces me up and down on Dylan's cock. My moaning becomes loud and desperate sounding.
"Fuck me, fuck me hard," I beg the men to go faster.
"You like these big cocks filling you up, don't you. Such a good slut. Can't get enough cock," Jeremy growls into my ear.
"Yes," I whimper, "I'm a slut who loves big cocks. Please fuck me harder."
Dylan uses his teeth to tug viscously at my nipples. It should hurt, but the pain has become pleasure.
I feel my orgasm build, and moan out, "I'm gonna come ... coming...so hard," and I lose my words as my orgasm seizes up my body. Behind me I hear Jeremy release his seed with a groan.
Jeremy pulls out, letting his seed spilling out of my ass. Dylan lifts me by my waist and slams my pussy down on his cock. Soon, I feel his body go rigid and he comes in me.
With a heave, Jeremy pulls me off Dylan, and I feel their combined cum roll down my legs.
I look over and see Sabina sucking off Philip while Derek bangs into her pussy. Soon Philip is unloading in Sabina's mouth. She swallows his seed greedily. Derek follows soon after depositing his seed with a sexy growl. Sabina collapses on the floor with a happy, toothless grin on her face.
Eventually, Jeremy says to me, "Take Sabina and go clean up in the big bathroom. Fix your hair and your make up too. Don't bother to get dressed on this floor. I expect both of you to stay naked until I tell you otherwise."
I nod my understanding and turn to leave. Jeremy grabs me suddenly and throws me over his shoulder. He walks up to the security guard, and says, "Johnny, tell me this isn't a beautiful ass." Jeremy gives my ass a good smack. "Look at how well it bounces when I smack it."
"That's one hot piece of ass, sir," Johnny says in agreement.
Jeremy sets me down and orders me to kneel with my ass to Johnny.
"Johnny, you want to know the best part about this ass?"
"What's that, sir?"
Jeremy spreads my ass cheeks. "Look at how well fucked this tight ass hole is."
"That is fucking hot, sir."
Dylan walks over to me and orders me to flip around and lean back until I am resting on my elbows.
Dylan says, "Johnny don't you like her pussy too?" He then spreads my pussy, while Jeremy pulls my legs farther apart. "A well fucked pussy is just as hot, don't you think Johnny?"
Johnny is smiling, clearly enjoying the show. "She does have a hot pussy. Very fuckable."
The other security guards are taking a keen interest in my pussy.
"Dylan, I think Johnny deserves a reward, since he has such good taste in pussy."
"What did you have in mind, Jeremy?"
"These men just got to see an epic show. I don't know about you, but I'd want a little release."
"You're right about that," Dylan agrees.
Jeremy turns his attention back to Johnny and the three other security guards and says, "Guys, this slut loves cum. I think she should be covered in it. And because there are four of you, we'll get our other slut spread out on the floor for your jacking pleasure."
Derek's deep voice booms from behind me, "Go on slut, spread that pussy next to your slut friend."
Sabina lays down next to me and spreads her legs.
Philip walks up beside her and says, "Wider, babe," as he pushes her legs open practically into the splits. Sabina's right leg is hooked under mine.
"Can the girls play with each other's pussies?" Johnny asks while unzipping his pants that are clearly becoming too tight. The other security guards are doing the same.
"Girls, you heard the man. He needs to see you play," says Philip.
Sabina and I inch closer and stretch to reach each other's pussy. The security guards surround us. I look up and see four hard cocks over us.
Sabina goes after my clit causing me to jerk and cry out. I go after her clit and soon we are both moaning and writhing on the floor.
I am close to my orgasm when I feel the first cum fall on my chin and breasts. This pushes me over the edge and I cone hard. My orgasm goes on as I feel another load fall on my fingers and pussy.
Sabina comes shortly after me, her face full of a giant load of cum.
"Alright, you two cum sluts, head to the shower. Come back here naked," Jeremy orders.
I feel myself pulled up from the floor by Johnny and he smacks my ass on our way out the door.
Sabina and I rush for the same shower and quickly rinse most of the cum off. We soap ourselves up and are forced to wash our hair to get all the cum out. Once we are cleaned up, Sabina backs me up to the shower wall and begins kissing me. Her hands stroke my nipples and grab my ass. I return the kiss with equal passion.
"Thank you," breathes Sabina.
"For what?"
"For not judging me. For being a good fuck slut with me."
I chuckle and kiss Sabina again. We do nothing but kiss, enjoying each other's naked body.
"Hurry up in there, ladies," Johnny calls out.
We giggle and Sabina turns off the water. Quickly we dry ourselves and head to the main room. Another plate of food and pitcher of water has been left out for us. I pour Sabina and myself a glass and we both down the water quickly. While I eat a few finger sandwiches, Sabina dries and starts to style my hair.
Johnny comes around the corner. "Both of you, put your hair in pigtails. That'll match the outfits Jeremy picked out for you."
Sabina quickly parts my hair and creates two perfectly balanced pigtails. She applies my makeup, favoring a pink color for my lips to make me appear younger. I do the same for her. We stop to examine ourselves in the mirror.
"We look like we're 16," comments Sabina.
"These boys have some kinky shit planned," I respond.
"Should be fun," Sabina says with a grin.
"Let's go ladies."
We file out of the bathroom with Johnny following at a distance, no doubt admiring the naked view. When we enter into the VIP lounge, we notice the whole place has been cleaned up.
"Ladies, so good to see your tight naked asses again," Philip says as he approaches us. He pulls Sabina up into a passionate kiss and grabs her ass. His attention turns to me. Philip leans down and sucks my nipples. Then he gives my pigtail a tug.
Jeremy enters the room holding two skimpy outfits on hangers. They're cheerleading outfits but done up in black and red lace. "Put these on and then you're going dancing."
I shimmy on the top and notice that it is slightly see through. Only my breasts and shoulders are covered with a lot of midriff going on. When I lift my arms over my head, the bottom of my breasts show. The top also has working buttons down the center. Next I put on the skirt. It barely covers my ass and slings low on my waist. It has two slits up both sides that go all the way up to my hip bone, making it clear I'm not wearing any panties.
Dylan comes in followed by Derek. Both men wolf whistle. Dylan walks behind me checking all of me out. "Bend down, babe, and grab your ankles."
I do as I'm told and instantly feel the draft on my pussy.
"Will you look at that, Derek. Easy access to that tight pussy."
As if to emphasize the point, Derek walks up to me and spreads my ass. "There's all kinds of access with this skirt."
Jeremy walks up behind me and inserts a finger into my pussy. "Damn, she's even wet again. This slut never quits." Jeremy begins rhythmically plunging his fingers in my pussy. It's tender, but I'm still loving the feeling. My wetness begins coating my outer lips and ass.
Sabina is lined up beside me in the same position. Philip's fingers delve into her pussy. "That's a good girl. Get nice and wet before your get on the dance floor," he coos.
Derek stops finger fucking me right before my orgasm builds to a crescendo. He pulls me up to a standing position and turns me to face him and the other men. The same is done to Sabina.
"Alright ladies, here are the rules. You get to dance with as many guys or girls as you want. They can fondle you, finger you, dry hump you, and grind on you. You may not leave the dance floor with them. No fucking them and no oral sex," Derek explains.
Dylan walks up to me and unbuttons all the buttons on my top. Philip does the same to Sabina. Our breasts are almost completely exposed, making the top more of a shelf to boost them up rather than something that provided coverage. As if to prove the point, Dylan reaches into the top and adjusts each breast to highlight my cleavage.
Jeremy begins speaking again, "Security will be nearby if you run into any trouble. They will also get you when we want you back. We'll be on the main floor VIP area. Now go be happy sluts and attract all the wandering hands."
Derek has us drink two shots each and then he sends us off with security.
Once on the dance floor, Sabina and I jump in the middle of the fray. We begin dancing together, our breasts nearly popping out of our tops. Before long, a guy moves up behind me and begins grinding on me. His hands grip my waist, the tips of his fingers touching my exposed hip bone. He casually slides his hands in more until he finds my wet pussy. His fingers slide in, fucking me hard. I continue grinding on him, fully aware my ass and pussy are being repeatedly exposed. I look over and see Sabina getting fingered by a guy. Someone is clicking pictures of her exposed pussy.
The dude fingering me pulls his fingers out and grabs my arm in an effort to pull me off the dance floor. I tug my arm back and shake my head no. The guy tries again, pulling my arm harder this time. He's starting to hurt me and I feel a bit of panic welling up. Suddenly, Johnny is there. He grabs the guy and locks the dude's arm painfully behind his back. "I believe the lady said no." Johnny drags the guy off the dance floor.
Sabina comes up beside me and puts her arm around me. "You okay?"
"Yeah," I nod. "That loser didn't stand a chance."
Sabina smiles and says, "The men will call you slut and use your pussy and ass to their hearts' content, but they'll also protect you with equal passion."
Sabina begins to dance with me. She sucks my nipples as her hands grasp around my waist. Soon we're making out in the dance floor.
Johnny interrupts us to hand us each a shot. "From Derek," he yells over the music.
We slam the shots and pass our cups back to Johnny.
I go back to kissing Sabina and fingering her. She flips me around and begins to grope my breasts for all to see on the dance floor.
Johnny returns and wraps his arms around our waists. "Ladies, your presence has been requested. Follow me please."
We are guided off to a side area that is gated off with railings and a security guard stands at the entrance. The space is full of two large couches that have the four men sitting at them. The security guard moves out of our way as Johnny brings us up the small flight of stairs. He deposits me between Philip and Derek on one couch and Sabina between the other two men on the other couch.
Derek pulls me into him and begins to fondle my breasts. Philip pulls my legs onto the couch so he can get a view of my pussy. Neither man verbally acknowledges me.
"Derek, when will the next club be opened," Philip asks while casually rubbing a finger up and down my wet pussy.
I notice security guards lining up at the rail providing cover with their broad shoulders.
"We just bought the building. It's a hot property. Looks very industrial. I think the club will be ready in a year."
Philip stands and pulls me up. He walks me to the railing where the security guards are lined up. They move aside making room for both Philip and Derek.
"Are you planning to add a Japanese theme and have karaoke rooms?" Philip asks as he pushes me up to the railing. He props my leg on the lower railing and then flips the back of my dress up. I feel his hard cock resting against my ass.
"Yeah," Derek says conversationally, "those karaoke rooms are definitely going in. They'll make good business meeting rooms too."
Philip nods, and then grabs his cock and slides it into me. My breasts are exposed and Philip is making them jiggle with every thrust.
While Philip thrusts, he says to Derek, "I can think of some business I'd like private rooms for."
Derek chuckles and pulls me over to him. He lines my leg up on the railing and soon is fucking me.
"Damn, this girl has a tight pussy. It's always so fucking wet."
I look out on the dance floor and notice a few people watching. They inch closer for a better view.
Derek pulls out of me and passes me back to Philip who resumes fucking me. A group of men inch even closer. Philip nods at Johnny and Johnny reaches over to hold my skirt up, giving the growing audience of view of Philip's cock entering me. With another nod from Philip, my skirt is dropped. Philip pulls out and passes me to Derek. Derek quickly pops his cock into me. The guard next to him flips my skirt up and gives the audience a view of a chocolate and vanilla action.
Derek pulls out of me and takes me back to the couch. I watch the security guards block the view again.
With help from Philip, I'm positioned on all fours. Derek gets behind me and plows his cock into me.
Philip gets in front of me and says, "Open up, babe."
I open up my mouth and Philip inserts his cock. Keeping my jaw soft, I let the two men pound into my openings. I feel so full and wet. Philip's cock his smooth and hard in my mouth. Derek's cock stretches my pussy out in a pleasant way that makes me extra wet. Derek reaches down and flicks my clit, causing my pussy walls to clench around his cock. He rubs my clit harder, causing me to moan, the sound vibrating around Philip's cock.
Derek keeps rubbing my clit while pounding me harder. "Come on babe, squeeze my cock. Squeeze me hard," he says while smacking my ass.
I feel my orgasm build until I can't hold it back. My pussy clenches down on Derek's cock bringing him over with me. I moan loudly and Philip follows shortly after, filling my mouth with his seed. We all collapse on the couch together. My head rests on Philip's lap and my legs are Derek's lap. I feel so content and sexually satiated.
After awhile, Dylan approaches me, smiling, and leads me to the couch with Sabina sprawled out on it. He sits down and then pulls me on top of his lap. I curl up to his neck and close my eyes. Derek sits down next to Dylan, and works to unstrap my heals. He begins slowly massaging my feet. I give a happy sigh and drift off to sleep.
I don't wake again until Dylan sits me up right. I mumble a bit.
"C'mon baby doll, wake up for me."
I open my eyes and see security clearing the club. The DJ has killed the music and is shutting down the equipment. Jeremy hands me a pair of yoga pants and sweatshirt.
"Put these on," he instructs me.
I slowly strip my clothing until I am naked. Dylan grabs me up again, holding me close to him by my ass. He kisses me passionately. "Thank you," he whispers in my ear, "for being such a hot little slut. You were such a turn on. I can't wait to fuck you again." I nod and kiss him again.
I slip into the yoga pants and sweatshirt. Seeing no shoes, I go without.
Johnny walks up to me, hooks arms with me. "I'll be taking you and Ms. Sabina home."
"Make sure my car gets home," Sabina calls out drowsily.
"Of course," Johnny responds.
In the car, Johnny hands a designer purse to Sabina, and says, "For both of you."
Sabina nods, accepts the purse, and goes back to resting her head on my shoulder.
Once Sabina and I get home, we crawl into the same bed together and fall asleep almost instantly.