Showing in France
The problem was I had not gotten laid in seven years. Then it happened just before I was leaving on a month long trip to France. A one shot deal with a guy I had been teasing for quite some time. The thing about me is I can go without and have had a few dry spells in my life, but give me a little and I want a lot. My journey though France left me very exposed and lusting like a starving lioness,
Settling into my hotel room that overlooked the Mediterranean I stood by the fourth floor window gazing down upon Prom. De Anglais a busy street that separated me from the topless beach across the street. I was wishing I had a pair of binoculars to get a closer look at the sun bathers. I have never bared my flesh for all to see and the very thought excited me. This story begins with a beach that set me on fire as I continued on my tour of France.
After I put on a skimpy bikini, slipping my arms into a sheer black robe like beach cover up that hit me at high calf. My legs were long and shapely. The coverup was held together by a glittery belt that suited my slender waistline. My body was extremely fit, no jiggles except for my tits and ass. Spinning slowly in front of the full length mirror the cleavage of my 38D more than a mouthful, perky breasts looked like a dream ready to be served up to an eager taker. I wondered what would happen if the thin bathing suit ties broke on my way to the beach. My girls exploded in full bloom just thinking about it. Glancing at my roundish bubble butt I nodded approval of the high cut thong of turquoise blue. Grabbing a hair tie I bunched up my long black curly tresses to keep it out of the way.
I grabbed my large hat and sunglasses and beach bag equipped with book, suntan lotion, towel a few Euros, and a bottle of water from the room’s refrigerator. My plan was to hang out on the beach all day. Getting off the elevator in the lobby, I could not help but notice how busy they were. Stopping at the concierge desk, to get a pass to use the beach across the street; the Frenchman’s eyes kept falling to my cleavage as he spoke. He even licked his lips while looking at my girls as he handed me the pass.
I smiled saying , “Merci Beaucoup,” in as sultry a voice as I could manage. The reflective glass at the entrance allowed me to watch him watching me as I walked away. I giggled to myself, thinking a man is a man no matter where he lives.
The permitted beach, a level lower than the street was covered with all types of bodies. Scanning for a spot I noticed the jam packed public beach next to the private beach.. It was interesting to walk through a crowd of tits of all sizes, colors and ages. I never knew there was such a variation of nipples. I chose a lounge chair just two rows in from the shoreline leaving 7 long rows behind me. I was on the opposite side from where public an private beach met and furthest from the stairs leading up to the busy street above. I guess people did not want to walk to the far side of the beach flanked by a stonewall. People could stand above gazing down on the beach below.
There was a group of old broads a few chaises down. Boy did they eye me up and down as I took off my beach cover up. They spoke in quick French which was difficult to follow but I did understand a few words; sexpot, ass and something about my tits, and I hope her top comes off.
Smiling to my self, I sat down on my chaise lounge throwing both legs to the side. That was a little risky but no one was sitting directly in front of me.
I was so wet in anticipation of removing my top. I reached around and untied the back string and then the neckline freeing my breasts. The warming sun felt awesome. Then a feeling of naughtiness overtook me. I started applying suntan lotion to my long legs. Lifting one up and laying it on the chaise then the other taking care to brush against my nipples with my arm as I reached over to spread lotion. Moving up my torso I had to stand up and reach around to rub lotion on my cute little bubble ass. The thong really looked good. As I twisted, my chest heaved forward, nipples hard as they could be.
I could have spread lotion on before I got to the beach but decided, to go for the thrill of sensually rubbing myself in public. Oh what a turn on for me. Hmmm, what was France doing to me? I never knew I was such an exhibitionist.
Still standing, I decided I missed a spot on my leg and bent at the waist reaching down to my knee giving the folks behind and on the side a profile look at my tits and ass at the same time. Oh, wicked me I thought. Then I returned to my lounge chair, sitting upright with legs straddled, started by squirting lotion onto my tits. Someone nearby took in a deep breath and another let out a sigh. I pretended I was the only one on the beach. I made sure my breasts were massaged well, paying close attention to circling the nipples with my finger. Pushing them in from the sides as my hands moved outwards allowing thumb and forefinger to pinch them before resting them at my sides.
I laid back and enjoy the sun, reclining almost all the way down so I could show off my body to people all around me. After some time, I was hot and got up to cool off in the sea. An attractive couple had wandered up near the waters edge both in bathing suits. Looking down the coast the shore line was packed on the public beach. Walking near the couple the rush of the cool water on my hot feet made me squeak and giggle. The couple turned and their eyes breathe in my curves.
“Merci,” said the male. His girlfriend I assumed, giving him a loving little punch on the arm.
She was pretty hot herself and I secretly wanted her to take her top off too. I wondered where the hell that thought came from. She smiled and said, “bonjour.”
“Bonjour,” I said flashing them my pearly whites, arching my back a little. I kept going. Ohhh, the water was chilly. My nipples were hard as I lifted each leg deliberately letting out a few giggles as I went deeper into the water. When it reached knee height I started splashing salty water on my tits to cool them off. Oh what fun.
I swam out a ways and found something amazing. My perky tits were even perkier. If an artist could have sketched me floating on my back it would show face, tits and feet surrounded by the sea. I actually enjoyed moving slowly through the water, tits extremely high. I was so relaxed enjoying the sun on my exposed parts. Before I knew it, the current carried me well down the shoreline into the public beach. Instead of swimming back I decided I would walk on the shoreline. I guess I could be topless there too.
I felt like a diva, a goddess, flaunting a near perfect body to anyone willing to look. With my sunglasses on, no one could see where I was looking, but I could see them. It was interesting to watch a number of men and women get up from their chairs and walk to the waters edge as I approached. Most people had their bathing suits on. I was so horny, feeling that if someone took me right there on the beach I would allow it.
A man timed his walk to the water perfectly, I saw him coming and knew we were going to collide unless I stopped, but decided to allow the collision to occur. He was out of shape, well tanned and an older man. I surmised 60ish and a very hairy chest. I could see him as I pretended to watch the water (nice thing about wearing sunglasses), he was talking to one of his buddies behind him but walking on a collision path with me. I kept going. We hit. My breasts crushed up against his back as he pivoted and turned into me. My tits grazing his chest, he reached out and grabbed my waist as the impact was strong pulling me to him to keep me from bouncing off or falling. My sunglasses flew from my face. Numerous gasps came from around us on the beach I even think I heard a wolf whistle. It was only seconds but it seemed like hours. I gasped as his free hand landed firmly on my left ass cheek with a smack and squeeze.
“Excuseez-moi,” he said. “Quelle sirene.”
“No, I am not a mermaid,” I said smiling at him. “Thank you for catching me.” I turned and bent over to grab my glasses to keep them from being washed away giving him and all those watching a view of my ass and hanging tits. My pussy was so wet I could have slid out of my bikini bottoms.
“Oh, your American,” he said eating me with his eyes; now holding his hands over the bulge in his swim shorts. “I am very sorry for interrupting your walk.” He gave me a devilish grin. Casting a quick glance to his friends on the beach who were smiling at us.
“No, worries,” looking down at his bulge, he moved his hands so I could take in the magnificent tent he wore with pride. “Well,” looking up at his face giving him a great big smile, “You better take care of that,” then I strode off down the beach.
Before going back to my chair, I needed to rinse off the salt water and sand. At the back of the beach a few outdoor showers were empty but the benches above were filled with men and women. I guess they were gawkers wanting to catch a peek of some bronzing tits.
I pulled the chain that activated the shower as cold water hit me across the chest. My elevated giggle gasp was heard by all above me. Their eyes were fixed on what I was doing. I stepped partially into the cold again, making more noise and laughing. My nipples not small, not large were hard and getting harder. I decided to give them a show. I started running my hands over my body to get the salt off. Making sure to move all around which was easy until I adjusted to the cold. I ran my hands over my nipples moving them back and forth in a teasing way. Picking out a gazer from above I stared straight into his eyes with a devilish turned up smile.
Sliding my hand over my right breast, quick nip pinch “Ouch,” I said looking at a woman staring at me from above and smiled. She smiled back and nodded. My hand moved down towards my thong. In my mind, I convinced myself, to wash the sand out. Pulling the thong out away from my body allowing gazers to view the pure white flesh that covered my shaved mound. It was stark next to my tan body. I wore a thong before going into the sunbeds in preparation for this trip. Ok, rinse off done. One of the men watching above said “brava” with grin. He was almost salivating. Before moving back to my spot on the beach, I winked at him, scanning the faces who enjoyed watching me rinse off.
Arriving back at my chair I found a young couple coming out of the water, directly in front of me. Her deeply tanned body was covered by the smallest of thongs. Her body was youthful perfection. Beautiful perky breasts the size of apples with tiny little nipples. He was a true Adonis on the young woman’s arm. Sheer eye candy for a horny woman. In my mind I ran my fingers over his luscious abs wondering what lay beneath.
He caught me looking at him, his eyes dropping to my chest. He opened his mouth as if to take in air and smiled at me. I nodded and smiled back. Easing into my chair I reached for the lotion and started rubbing my legs opening them so he could see the prize waiting under the turquoise fabric covering. The young woman picked up lotion and started rubbing down his chest back and as they stood there on the beach. It was sheer pleasure watching them. She knelt down in front of him, squirting lotion into her hands rubbing them together she started running her hands up his legs. Her face was level with his groin.
I had never seen anything like this on a beach in the states. When she finished, she stood giving the front of his swim trunks a little stroke with her breasts. He drew her close and whispered something in her ear and they both giggled. She handed him the lotion. Still standing he applied lotion to her back, legs and arms. To my surprise she turned to face him. He squirt lotion onto her tits they both giggled again and he started to slowly massage her breasts. Boy did he take is time in that area.
Oh I can do this too I thought, imagining it was him spreading it on my big breasts.
Quickly grabbing my lotion, while he was rubbing her tits I used the squirt and spread technique he was using. It was so intoxicating I could have come right there on the beach. His eyes returned to me again and again and his obvious sign of approval was the hardened cock that wanted to reveal itself to all.
A cougar thought crossed my mind, “baby you could pick either of us at this moment in time. Hell both!”
I encircled my lips with my tongue as he watched I could not help but run my hands down to my mound and slightly slip my finger under the cloth. Acting as if I was to applying lotion to my inner thighs.
Turning my head to the group of older women, they too were enjoying the show. The young bodies giving us a show were perfect. I do believe the guy behind me got up and ran to the bathroom.
The young couple adjusted their chairs to lay flat and pulled them as close as they could get them. They laid down facing each other pulling a very thin blanket up over them, covering themselves from neck to knees. They were clearly massaging each right there on the beach. It was so erotic. I noticed my own breath growing firm as I feasted on the live entertainment before me. First I tried not to be to obvious but got to the point I wanted them to see me watching them.
He dipped his head under the blanket to her breasts and started sucking. She threw her head back drawing in air, burying her fingers into his exposed hair. I heard sounds from the women nearby. One had moved a chair and row closer to get a better look at the young couple. I looked at her and she winked at me flashing a grin. The rest of the women sat back and were thoroughly enjoying the show. Many heads on that side of the beach were turned in our direction.
Before long the young female flipped over now facing towards the older women away from her male companion. She allowed the blanket to fall from her breasts exposing the suck mark he had left behind. The blanket wiggled with her as she moved her hips against his hard cock. Until he moved in so close, putting his arms around her torso as his hips moved ever so slowly. His arm wrapped around her partially covered waist to her hard little nipples. He tried to hold her firmly so her body did not move too much. He backed out of her lifting the blanket like a tent. I wondered if it was to let air in or to show off his hard glistening cock. Then dropped the blanket to continue taking pleasure in the moment.
“Mon Dieu,” came from one of the women watchers. Towels were spread over all their laps, hands manipulating the treasures beneath.
I could not contain myself. I reached down and started stroking my clit beneath the thin fabric deciding to push it aside. This day was unlike any I had ever experienced. I dipped into my wet pussy and rubbed my clit as I watched the couple, fucking in front of me. The young guy looked up at me and wiggled his tongue, seeing what I was doing. My eyes rolled back in my head and I let out a soft whimper as my uncontrollable orgasm claimed me. I did my best to keep my body from shaking.
Soft sounds filled our area of the beach as the group of five women, young couple, and I came within moments of each other. Heavy breaths and sighs could be heard from our section of the sunny shore. I found myself spent, laid back and savored the moment. Within a half hour, the young couple got up and left the beach. They never looked back.
I decided to go back to my room and get ready for dinner. I pulled out my cover up and put it on without adding my bikini top. The glitter belt and deep neckline were perfect accents to my jiggling gems. Gathering my things I walked by the older women all plastered with a knowing smile and I bet twinkling eyes if I could see them under their glasses. What an experience we had. One nodded at my see through top with approval. I walked slowly allowing onlookers a good stare at my bobbing tits. Up the stairs back onto the main promenade, I mindlessly drifted across the crosswalk into the hotel lobby oblivious to all the people that surrounded me. Entering the elevator the cool air gave me a chill drawing me back to the reality of eyes consuming my voluptuous barely hidden breasts heaving welcomingly forth. A few people followed me into the elevator.
As I was leaving the elevator, I heard a woman’s voice, “I appreciate what you share.” I did not turn around, just smiled and kept on walking.
*
End of part I Stay tuned for Showing In France pt 2 soon. Oh it gets better...