I actually did something that I've never done before. I was about 1:30 AM and I was playing the Sims 4. When I am at home (recent development) I no longer where clothes. I decided if I am a nudist, I need to live like a nudist. I have a pair of shorts and a t-shirt next to my door so that when my doggie needs to go out and do his business, I can quickly put them on. About 12:30 AM he decided that he wanted to go out. It was raining slightly outside, and I said, "To hell with it." I looked outside to see if anyone was around, and then went outside as naked as the day I was born so that my dog could do his business. He quickly peed and we went back inside—but I wasn't done yet.
I had 2 loads of laundry that I needed to do, so I gathered up the laundry, got my quarters, and walked to the laundry in my birthday suit to was some clothes. After I had 2 loads loaded into the washer, I adjusted my butt plug and casually walked back to my apartment. Twenty-six minutes later, I casually walked naked back to the laundry room. Part of me almost hoped that someone would come along and discover my nakedness. I made a point of having no clothing with me. After I switched both loads over to the dryers, I casually walked naked back to my apartment.
Forty-five minutes later, when the dryers were done, I casually walked back to the laundry room (naked, of course) to pick up my laundry. I slowly walked back to my apartment. It is now 3:18 AM and part of me wants to walk out naked to my apartment's mailboxes to check my mail.
I'm still thinking about it. In the meantime I have had nice cocktails of bourbon and urine which I have very much have enjoyed. Yesterday I froze some of my pee into an ice cube container and tonight alone I've gone thru the whole container. For me, it is so erotic just to suck on a pee cube while I'm drinking my bourbon & pee.
A moment ago, I did another think that I've never done before. Rather than just checking my mail, I got into my Chevy Blazer (as naked as the day I was born) and drove 4 mile round trip around the block. Once I got back to the mailbox, I slowly got out of my vehicle and walked around and checked my mail. Then I slowly got back into my vehicle and parked in my parking place. I just now went out to make certain that my handicapped placard is in place.
Recently, having spent most of my time nude, except for taking my little man (dachshud), I find myself not wanting to get dressed. I am sincerely hopping that I can find a job that will let me work barefoot. Then I will look for a place in the country of Oklahoma where I will not have to wear clothes at home. I am hoping I can find someplace with a female landlord on the premises that won't mind me either running around my place nude, or even coming over to visit her in my birthday suit. That would be ideal. Hopefully she will have a boyfriend who is equally open-minded and help me explore my bisexual nature. If I could be visiting at her house, nude, and he had 5 or 6 of his friends stop over, I think I would be in heaven. I LOVE the taste of sperm. For the last few months, rather than ejaculate into toilet paper, I've been instead ejaculating into a shot glass. The other day I put plastic wrap on it and kept it in the fridge.
The next day, I made myself some scrambled eggs and guess what was the extra ingredient? You got it, my sperm. I have been wanting to do this for about 20 years. Yesterday I did it. I scrambled in 1 ejaculation into 3 medium scrambled eggs. The eggs definitely tasted like cum. I love them. I would like to try either 2 loads of cum in my eggs, or am open to suggestions. I have heard that for some, 3 days can give a harvest of 1/2 cup. I would love to save up this much. But after the eggs, the 2nd load went squarely into my mouth. I kept it there for about 4 minutes—it tasted so good.
I am thinking that I might be bisexual. I SO want to feel a guy cum into my mouth and for me to swallow it. I love the taste of cum. If I had my druthers, I would go up to Missouri to a nude campground for men, and see how many loads I can digest, plus I would love for 10 or 20 men to cum in my ass. No condoms—I want to feel what it feels like to have someone cum inside of you. If I go up to Cactus Canyon, I will only take what I'm wearing up there. As a matter of fact, I have seriously thought of throwing my shorts & t-shirts into a fire while I'M there just so that I can drive the 400 miles back to Fort Smith naked. If a police officer stops me (which I will try to avoid), I can honestly say that someone threw my clothes into a fire.
Please tell my your thoughts. My dream would be for me to get gang banged by about 50 men, spend 3 days there, and then drive back the 400 miles to Fort Smith as naked as the day I was born.
What are your thoughts?
Just curious—do you think I'm bisexual? I find women SO attractive. But yet, I want to experience 10 or 20 guys coming in my mouth. I know I love the taste of my cum—I SO want to savor the taste of other men's cum.