The grass was wet under my feet and the dawn light just breaking as I walked across the field. It seemed as if I was miles from anywhere but in the distance I could hear the road and the traffic heading towards the city. I looked round and saw that the landscape contained one person - me. I was wearing shorts, a t-shirt, trainers and I was carrying a tripod and camera bag. I could see the derelict farmhouse on the horizon as I trudged towards it. So why was I here?
Weeks before I'd had the idea to do some photography. I'd done plenty in the past of models clothed, lingerie, semi naked and nude. That's was the models not me! But I had always been intrigued by the idea of being in the photographs though never sure how I was going to accomplish this. After all, how many models wanted me naked in the image with them - that's right, none. So I had the idea of photographing myself, tripod, self-timer, remote(ish) location. It was a plan.
I had seen the derelict farmhouse from the road many times. It was sat on the far edge of a field and no one ever seemed to go to it. Well, not as far as I could see. So I set my sights on using that as the location for this, my first shoot. My first solo shoot.
The farmhouse grew closer as birds started to sing and the sun began to rise. Finally I made it. The front door was slightly open so I pushed it gently. The rusty hinges creaked and groaned as the door opened and I stepped inside. Looking up I saw broken, rotten stairs in front of me, and a room to either side. I stepped to the right into what must have been the original living room. The wall paper was peeling off of the walls and a grubby old fireplace sat vacant to one side. I looked up and saw the sky, the roof and upper floor long since gone. Timber joists visible as I viewed them.
I put down the tripod and bag and walked across the long deserted hallway to the other room. It was a kitchen with an old sink and empty cupboards that had no doors on them. Looking around I could see that there was a small out house and nothing more. This was a derelict example of a 2 up, 2 down house. 2 rooms downstairs and 2 upstairs, if it had survived, which it clearly hadn't.
The sun was rising now and slithers of sunlight found their way into the building through the empty roof space and the many broken windows. I didn't know how much time I had so I took off my t-shirt and shorts and walked round in just my trainers. The feeling of being naked was liberating. I wondered if the ghosts of tenants past could see me, wandering naked round their former home.
In the living room I set up the tripod and pulled the camera out of its bag. It was a Canon digital SLR that I owned for some time now and I was well versed in its use. I checked that the battery was in and that I'd got a memory card. The camera was then screwed into the top of the tripod and I started to think about how I would pose and obtain the shots I wanted.
As a start I simply stood nude by the fireplace. Then I remembered I still had my trainers on so they were taken off. Back to the fireplace, then to the camera, self timer set and back to the fireplace. The camera clicked away and I could feel myself becoming aroused by the thought of people seeing the images. I moved the camera round the room and stood in various poses, bent over, kneeling, lying down and at one point I stood nude in the room doorway, using its frame almost like a picture frame.
Having taken a number of images I was busting for a pee so I made my way into the kitchen. I could feel my balls swinging as I walked and then I stood in front of the sink and gently pee'd into it. The relief of emptying my bladder was instant.
I went back to the room and was studying the images on the small screen on the back. They were colour but I knew that I could convert them to black and white later when I got home.
I sat on the floor and had been there for a short while when suddenly i heard a gasp. looking up I saw a dark haired girl, dressed all in black.
"Fucking hell, where did you come from?"
"I could ask you the same question, what are you doing here?"
I could feel the girl staring at my naked body. I could feel myself blush and any sense of arousal was diminishing as I sat there.
She walked into the room.
"Well, what are you doing here.?"
"I'm taking photographs of myself for a project."
"A likely story, sat here naked in a deserted farm house. I thought I was the only one who came here. Seems I was wrong."
I blushed even more and used the camera to try and hide my cock.
"Anyway, my names Pete and you are?"
"Tilly, I come here all the time to get away from people and to read and just chill out. I live in the next village."
Tilly was what people called a Goth. Her dark hair was almost black and ran in waves over her shoulders, cascading down her back. She was wearing a black short jacket, a black shirt, a black ankle length skirt and black boots. If her hair had been pinned up she would have looked like a Victorian school mistress. As for how old she was, she looked to be in her early 20's. The black clothing hiding any real silhouette of her body.
I stood up and again used the camera to cover my cock. Tilly simply laughed.
"Why are you doing that, I saw you through the door so I've seen you naked already."
"OK, well I wasn't to know that was I."
"Let me see the photos you've taken, for your project. That's if you've actually taken any photos of course"
I walked over to her and she eyed my cock and balls as I made my way to her. I stood next to her and showed her the images I'd done.
"Very nice, very arty."
She giggled and looked at me.
"Fancy doing some other photos with me?"
"I guess so, what did you have in mind?"
"Well, what if I get naked too and we'll see what happens. I always get undressed when I'm here anyway. You'll just be an added extra I guess,"
Tilly stepped back and took of her jacket before she started to undo her black shirt. I was intrigued. She smiled at me as I could feel my cock twitching. Once she had unbuttoned her shirt I could see a plain black bra underneath. Taking her shirt off she placed it on the ground. Then she undid the zip on the back of her long skirt and she stepped out of it, placing it on top of her shirt. Her knickers were plain black also. She undid her boots and took them off along with a pair of black socks she was wearing.
I could feel my cock become erect and stiff as she undid her bra. I could now see her boobs, small with pale pink nipples. Then she took her knickers off, revealing a thin strip of black hair above her pussy. Her skin was milky white which enhanced her dark hair.
She placed her hands on her hips and looked at me.
"What do you think?"
"Looks good to me."
"Looks like your cock likes what it sees!"
She walked over to me and knelt down in front of me.
"My oh my, that is one big cock."
Forget taking photographs, Tilly clearly had other ideas. She flicked her tongue round the tip of my cock and placed one of her hands on it.
"I think we'll forget the photos for now Pete and see what happens."
I could feel her grip the shaft of my erect cock as she flicked her tongue around the tip. Slowly she started to wank my cock as she licked and teased its tip. I looked down at her and could see the waves of her black hair as her head bobbed about.
She murmured and then looked up at me, her blue eyes like pools of clear water.
"You taste good Pete, really good."
I could see that her nipples were becoming more erect and were slowly getting slightly darker. Her head continued to move backwards and forwards as she took my throbbing cock in her mouth.
She then stopped and got up. She stood in front of me and I took the opportunity to cup one of her pert boobs in my hand, running my fingers round her nipple and then kissing her. Tasting myself in her mouth as she pushed her tongue into my mouth. Moving my hand from her boob I used a finger to slide into her pussy. It felt tight but wet. She stopped kissing me and moaned with pleasure as I pushed my index finger in and out of her. I could feel her getting wetter. I pulled my finger out and then put two fingers back inside her, pushing them in and out harder and harder, she slowly spread her legs to allow me easier access to her. I used my thumb to rub her clit and she threw her head back, waves of dark hair being tossed all over the place as she enjoyed my fingers inside her.
I started to push my fingers in and out, harder and harder, making her gasp and moan as I finger fucked her. Suddenly I felt her back arch and my fingers became wet as her cum oozed over them. I took them out and tasted them so that I could taste this complete strangers sweetness.
Tilly then moved away from me and went over to her jacket. I initially thought that she was going to get dressed and that was it. How wrong could I be. She picked up her jacket and pushed a hand into one of the pockets, pulling out a small vibrator. Before I knew it the jacket was back on the floor with Tilly laying on it. She pulled her legs up and then, with them slightly open she started the vibe. It was small but it buzzed away noisily.
"Now you can see why I come here, my parents would hear this buzzing away."
She ran the tip of it up and down her swollen pussy lips before circling it on her clit. I watched, transfixed by her every move. My cock, twitching as she played with herself. I could feel pre-cum on the tip of my cock so I rubbed my fingers on it, covering them in my own juices before I shoved them in my mouth. Tilly gasped as she saw me do this and she then pushed her vibe in and out of her waiting pussy. She alternated between pushing it in and out and running it up and down her lips and then round her clit. I could see her pushing her head back as she then used her free hand to rub her clit while she pushed the vibe in and out of her pussy. The sound of it becoming wetter was an even bigger turn on and then she squirted over her jacket as she lay on it.
I was mesmerised by her, truly mesmerised. I'd come here to take naked images of myself and now I was watching this.
Tilly then stood up, her nipples bulging and she walked over to the fireplace and lent on it.
"Come on Pete, fuck me from behind."
"What if someone comes?"
"Why are you bothered about that?" "You weren't bothered before when I walked in and the farmer doesn't ever come over here, so stop worrying."
I moved behind her and using my hands felt how wet her pussy was. My stiff cock was then fed into her gaping pussy and I felt her push back on me slightly.
"Fuck, that feels good in there"
I started to gently push my cock in and out of her waiting hole, my balls gently swinging with the momentum of my movements. Tilly moaned as I pushed in and out of her.
I used one of my hands to reach round and rub her clit as I pushed in and out.
"Fuck, you dirty bastard."
I rubbed her clit and kept rubbing it as I slowly fucked her.
I stood up and moved my hand away. Both of my hands were then on the milky white skin of her hips. I started to thrust harder, feeling my balls slap together as I pushed harder into her. I was thrusting harder and harder as she murmured and moaned, my balls slapping rhythmically as I fucked her.
I wasn't sure how a photography project had led to this but I wasn't going to complain about it.
My balls started to twitch and I guess Tilly could feel that.
"Pete, I want you to cum in my mouth, I want to taste you."
I pulled out of her, disappointed in a way as I wanted to shoot my cum deep inside her.
Tilly moved round and knelt in front of me. She looked up at me as I took my cock in my hand and wanked in over her face. Then another twitch and she had her mouth open as I emptied my balls into her waiting mouth. She couldn't swallow it all and some of my cum spilled out of her mouth and onto her boobs. She gulped and swallowed my cum and then rubbed the drops that had fallen onto her boobs into her nipples.
I stood back and she looked at me.
"I never knew that visiting this place good be so exciting."
"Neither did I."
Tilly stood up and slowly got dressed. I watched her, again mesmerised by her.
Once she was dressed she came over to me and stroked my cock and balls as she looked at me.
"Well I hope I'll see you again Pete, I'm sure we could make this project of yours rather beneficial to us both."
"I'm sure we can."
With that she walked off and out of the farmhouse. I stayed a while just soaking up what had just happened and then slowly got dressed, wondering about what had just happened. I picked up the camera bag and tripod and made my way outside. Looking round I saw no sign of Tilly so I didn't know where she had gone.
I walked off, back across the field thinking about this shoot and wondering if I'd be back. Who knows, maybe, as I've always said, never say never.