After what happened I was afraid I would see less of Nikki but if anything the reverse was true. We had been the kind of friends who usually hung out a couple of times a month and exchanged texts a couple times a week. Now it seemed we were hanging out once a week or more and texting a few times every day.
I did notice that we only hung out with other people around. I figured she probably still felt bad about what happened and didn't want to be alone with me which I couldn't really blame her for. We were both pretending very hard that nothing had happened and that was easier in a crowd.
Almost a month to the day after what happened we were chatting by text on a Saturday night when suddenly she sent "I'm a li'l drunk. Typing too hard. Call me?" So I called her. She picked up right away. "That's better" she said brightly.
"So you have your usual half a beer and get wasted?" I said. This was definitely a joke because, for all that she was a lot shorter than me, I was pretty sure she could drink me under the table if she wanted to.
"Ha ha," she said. "No I had two beers but I haven't eaten any dinner yet so I'm a bit buzzed. I didn't want to start filling my texts with typos."
"No dinner?" I said. "You should make Greg hurry up and feed you already."
"He's not here," she said, "he's gone to his parents again."
"Seriously? Does he go every weekend?"
She laughed. "No, but his hours got cut back at work and he wanted to borrow money from them. He says they're more generous when he does it in person."
"I guess that makes sense. Poor you, having to cook your own dinner."
"I'll manage," she said, "at least I'm still allowed to do that for myself." She sounded bitter.
"What does that mean?" I asked.
"Oh nothing," she said, "I shouldn't have said anything."
"Oh come on now you've got me curious. You might as well just tell me."
"Fine," she said. "It's just that I found out why he doesn't like my vibrator."
I was surprised. This was as close as we had gotten to any taboo subjects in weeks. But I figured I would play along. "Why's that?"
"He considers it cheating."
"What?" I said, in disbelief.
"Yeah he says if I really loved him I would be satisfied with just him. Satisfying myself is being unfaithful."
I let that one roll around in my head for a moment. Then something occurred to me. "Wait does that mean you can't masturbate either?"
"He asked me not to while he was away," she said. "He said it would be more special if I waited for him."
"Oh my god that is bullshit for so many reasons," I said. "First of all who the hell is he to tell you what you can and can't so with your own body?"
"I know right?" she said.
"Second and more important, is his plan just to make you wait until he gets back so that you'll be horny enough to let him do whatever he wants to you without having to warm you up too much?"
There was a long pause. "Do you think that's what he's doing?" she said. She sounded shocked, and a little pissed off.
"Probably," I said bluntly.
"Son of a bitch," she said. There followed several minutes of her generally cursing and swearing. When she got mad enough she had a vocabulary like an angry pirate.
I basically waited it out, throwing in a lot of "mm-hmms" and "yeah, you're rights."
Finally she ran down. "Sorry," she said after a moment's silence. "I got a little carried away there."
"Hey, I'm on your side, remember. If you need a friendly ear to vent to, I'm all yours."
"Thank you," she said softly, sounding happier than she had the whole conversation so far. Then after another moment she asked, "what do you think I should do?"
"About the whole situation?" I asked.
"Yeah," she said.
"I think you should probably just do what you want while he's gone and have a little chat when he gets back."
"You do huh?" she said.
"Frankly I think you owe it to yourself."
"I do, don't I?" she asked.
"Unless you want to let down all womankind."
She laughed. "Well we wouldn't want that would we?" I noticed her breathing was faster and her voice a little husky.
"Did you just already get started?" I asked. I was a little surprised, thinking she would have hung up first. Surprised but not disappointed.
"Well it sounded like you didn't want me to waste any time," she said.
I laughed. "I admire your ambition," I said. "And your stealth. I didn't even hear you taking anything off."
"Oh I was already naked," she said. "I usually am when I'm alone in my room."
That was news to me, and certainly not bad news. "That explains why you never want to video chat." I said.
She laughed again, the tail end of it turning into kind of a moan.
"Well for future reference," I said, "it's considered polite for a lady to let a gentleman know when she's masturbating for him."
"Oh I'm sorry sir," she said, "I am currently masturbating for you, if that's okay. Seeing as someone else I know doesn't seem to appreciate it."
"I'll allow it," I said. "Just try to keep things to a dull roar, for the sake of your roomies."
"Oh, they're not here," she said.
"Really?" I said, "got the place to yourself do you?"
"Mm-hmm," she said, tapering off into another quiet moan.
"Then in that case, I think you should go out into your living room," I said.
"What?" she said, sounding startled.
"Think about it," I said, "you want a good story to tell Greg later, to show him who's boss right? Well what would be better than telling him that not only did you not wait, but that you got yourself off in the living room because you were that much of a bad ass?"
There was a pause. I was starting to think I'd pushed my luck too far, but then she said, "Oh you're going to get me in trouble." I heard the sound of a door opening, and the creak of floor boards that I recognized as being in the hallway to her living room.
"Okay," she said after a minute. "Coast is clear. Where do you want me?"
"On the red couch," I said, after picturing her living room in my head.
"The one facing the biggest window?" she said. "Okay, but I'm not opening the blinds." We'll see about that, I thought to myself.
I heard the sounds of her sitting down, and then the faint buzz of what must be her vibe. I hadn't suggested she bring it, but I had no problem with her taking some initiative.
She moaned lightly and then more heavily as she must have hit a particularly good spot. "You realize I have no idea where my roomies are right now?" she said, sounding breathless. "They could come home and catch me in the middle of this." She did not sound unhappy at the thought. If anything she sounded more excited.
"Well you better not waste too much time then," I said. I certainly wasn't. I was lying on my bed, and had slid down my pants and boxers, freeing my cock. I started stroking myself slowly, in time to her rhythm.
I was probably not as quiet as she had been initially because after a moment or two she asked, "are you touching yourself?"
"Yes," I said.
"You're turned on too?" she asked.
"By the sounds of you pleasuring yourself for me?" I asked. "Hell yeah I am! Why wouldn't I be?"
"Some people aren't," she said.
"Some people are idiots," I said.
She laughed. "I'm glad you like this," she said. "I wish...I wish you could see me."
"I do too," I said.
A few minutes went by where I simply enjoyed listening to her pleasure herself, and stroked myself in return.
Eventually she asked, "did you see anything last time? You said you didn't, but I was wondering if that was true."
"I did see a little," I admitted. "The sheet rode up a bit, and I could see some of what you were doing."
"Did you see me fuck my pussy?" she asked.
"I did."
"Did you like it?" she asked.
"Very much," I said.
"Do you want me to do it again?" she said.
"I do," I said.
I heard the noises change, and it was obvious she was doing what she'd offered.
"I wish you could see me now," she said.
"You like being watched don't you?" I said.
"Yes," she said, after a pause.
"Maybe you should open the blinds," I said.
"I have neighbors," she said. She didn't sound shocked though. And that wasn't a no.
"That's the point," I said. "Maybe they would like to see you."
"I don't know if that's a good idea," she said.
"It's late," I said. "It's dark out. Chances are good that nobody will see. But maybe one of those frat boys who live around you might happen to be looking. Maybe he'd like to see what you're doing. Maybe he'd want to touch himself while watching you."
She moaned the loudest she had so far. There was a pause. Then I heard the unmistakable sound of the blinds being slid open. I couldn't tell how far, but at least a little. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she said.
"What do you see outside?" I asked. I was breathing heavily now myself. The thought of her exposing herself to strangers was an unbelievable turn-on.
"There's a street light across the street," she said. "I don't see anybody - wait, no there's someone shovelling snow over there too. I don't think he's looking this way, but oh my god what if he does?"
I expected a sound of blinds closing, but there wasn't one. The sounds of her fucking herself got louder and faster. I sped up on myself as well, knowing that neither of us were going to last much longer at this pace.
"This is so dirty," she whispered, "so wrong."
"But you love it," I said.
"I do," she said. "I really do. I'm going to cum...a stranger might be watching me and oh god - I'm cumming!"
I came then too, all over myself, in one of the best orgasms I'd had in a long time.
The fucking sounds on her end got even faster for a moment as she cried out in ecstasy, then eventually slowed down. I listened to her slowly coming back down to earth, enjoying every minute of it.
This time I was ready for her to start feeling guilty, which she did, about on cue. "Oh my god, what did I just do?" she said. I heard the blinds shut, and the buzzing stop as she turned off the vibe.
"You masturbated." I said. "That's all."
"That's all?" she said sarcastically.
"Basically yeah," I said. "It's dark, the guy across the street probably didn't see anything. I didn't see anything. And really, this is Greg's fault for getting you worked up by trying not to let you look after your needs."
"You think so?" she said.
"I really do. If he just let you do your own thing, you would have got yourself off earlier today and none of this would have happened."
"That's true," she said.
"So no big deal then. Tomorrow you'll take care of business your way, and he doesn't need to know anything about this right?"
"I guess so," she said. Then after a pause. "I um...should get cleaned up and stuff. Can I let you go?"
"Sure," I said.
"Okay," she said. Another pause and then she said "I'll call you tomorrow."
"Sounds good," I said. "Goodnight."
"Goodnight," she said, and hung up.
I was already daydreaming about what tomorrow might bring...