Agreeing to shave her pussy unleashed the adventuress within Lisa.
********
Mangy Moggies And Sleek Pussies
Lisa was feeling a little guilty. She and Tom really should have gone out and enjoyed what had turned out to be an unseasonably warm day. Officially they were at the start of Autumn, but the day felt like Summer. In a few weeks' time a clear sky would probably signal a chill in the air, but today the clear sky and bright sun felt like it might be the last hot day of the year. They really should have gone out and made the most of it.
Instead, a bout of tickling and giggling on the couch had led to them spending the whole afternoon in bed, and whilst she might feel a just little guilty about not going out, she couldn't deny how glorious the sex had been.
Currently they were spooning, with Tom holding Lisa from behind. Lisa felt that whilst sex with Tom was fantastic, what she really cherished was the time immediately after sex, when they just held each other. If sex was the personification of physical passion, then Lisa felt that holding each other afterwards was a sign of the closeness and love they shared. Cuddling was important.
As Tom was lazily caressing one of her breasts, Lisa was almost purring at how good it felt. She loved having her boobs caressed, partly because of how sensitive they were, and partly because she was very proud of her boobs. Admittedly they were quite small compared to her friends, but at 30 years old there was absolutely no sign of sag or of them losing their perkiness. Of course, it was an added bonus that after all this time, the sight of her naked breasts never failed to get Tom visibly excited.
Tom's hand made a slow journey south until it was nestled between her legs, where again it took up its slow caressing.
"So, when are you going to shave this bush?"
Tom had asked before, and Lisa had told him "No" before. She wasn't a prude, far from it, but she knew from experience that if she started shaving, she would have to keep it up almost daily. If she didn't, the itching as the stubble grew back would become unbearable. She just didn't need the hassle.
"I'll make it worth your while."
Now that was intriguing. Lisa wondered what he had in mind.
"If you shave your pussy, I'll go down on you whenever you like for a whole week."
Tempting. Lisa had a naturally very sensitive pussy, and Tom had a very talented tongue. But the offer wasn't good enough. If she was going to commit to shaving long term, then he was going to have to commit to something long term as well.
"No deal, but . . . I'll shave, if you promise to go down on me as often as I want, whenever I want, for as long as I keep it shaved."
Now it was Tom's turn to be tempted, but he saw danger in the counter-offer. Lisa REALLY loved having her pussy licked. If Tom wasn't careful, he could see a situation where he would end up spending every evening of every day and all weekends doing nothing but eating pussy. It wasn't the worst fate he could imagine, but he seriously doubted he could keep up with Lisa's pussy-eating desires.
They had fun bartering back and forth, both pushing their negotiating skills to the limit, until finally the agreement was reached.
The Cunnie Contact
 For as long as Lisa kept her pussy shaved, she could demand that Tom go down on her whenever she asked him to.
 Lisa could only invoke the "Cunnie Contract" once a day. If Tom chose to go down on her more than once a day, that was Tom's business.
 If Tom ever failed to go down on Lisa the moment she asked him to, then he would be subject to the penalty clause. The penalty clause was 'no sex for a week'.
 Being subject to a penalty clause did not absolve Tom from honoring the "Cunnie Contract" whilst the penalty clause was in effect.
 Apart from Tom going down on her, there was to be no sex within one hour of Lisa invoking the "Cunnie Contract". This was to ensure that Lisa would be the sole beneficiary of the "Cunnie Contract", and it not just be a prelude to sex.
 Failure to abide by the 'no-sex afterwards' rule would invoke the "penalty" clause (see above for details).
 Sub-clause - Lisa could overrule the no-sex clause if she wanted to.
When it came to negotiating, Tom knew Lisa had an unfair advantage as she worked as an assistant in a legal firm that specialized in property matters, which meant she delt with contracts on a daily basis. However, he couldn't really grumble. He had been trying to talk Lisa into shaving her pussy for ages. Besides, he REALLY liked going down on Lisa. She had a really beautiful pussy, it tasted good, and best of all, she wasn't shy about expressing how much she enjoyed it, and always showed her appreciation afterwards.
They sealed the deal with more sex.
Lisa knew that she had gotten the best of the deal, so to make it up to Tom she straddled him and rode him with enthusiasm. This way he could continue to fondle and admire at her gorgeously beautiful breasts whilst she concentrated on making his cock feel good.
********
The next morning, after her shower, Lisa exited the bathroom wearing her bathrobe, only to find Tom loitering outside. Tom gave her a look that managed to be both enquiring and lecherous at the same time. She smiled sweetly back at him, pretending not to understand.
"Well, have you shaved?"
Lisa undid her robe and gave him a full-frontal flash. She still had her bush.
Tom may have been disappointed, but Lisa wasn't going to be that predictable.
Later that morning Tom left to go shopping. They both hated grocery shopping with a passion, but were both too tight to pay for home delivery. Instead, they took it in turns. This week it was Tom's turn.
As soon as she heard Tom drive off, Lisa swung into action.
She wanted a good view the first time she shaved her pussy, so she covered the bed with two layers of towels and placed her large make-up mirror at the foot of the bed. She retrieved a small bowl of water, her shaving cream and the razor she used for her legs and pits from the bathroom. After a bit more searching, she found the electric beard trimmer that Tom used for when he let his stubble get too long, (she must remember to clean it afterwards).
Next, she rearranged the pillows on the bed so that she could comfortably half-sit / half-recline with her legs apart, giving her a good view of her soon not to be hairy pussy in the mirror.
Finally, she fitted the trimmer with its smallest guard and slowly set to work. A couple of things quickly occurred to her. First, the buzzing of the trimmer felt really good as it navigated around her mons and vulva. Certainly not vibrator levels of good, but really good none the less. Also, Lisa was absolutely amazed at how much hair was being shed. She wouldn't have said she was "that" hairy, but what she was seeing being deposited onto the towels looked enough for several women.
Finished with the trimmer, Lisa wrapped the hair laden towel up for later cleaning and replaced it with a fresh towel. Next, she used the water from the bowl to wash her pussy. The prickly stubble felt absolutely horrible, and judging by what she saw in the mirror it didn't look any better either. Her once plush pussy currently looked like a mangy moggy.
Oh well, too late to back out now.
Before her freshly washed pussy could dry, she applied the shaving cream and worked it in until it lathered. Lisa had been worried that the shaving cream may irritate her labia (or worse), but after reading the label she was reassured that it had specifically been formulated for a woman's "sensitive" areas.
Although she had fitted a new blade cartridge to her razor, it was still slow going. The main reason was that she had kept the guard on the trimmer, so that there was still a lot of quite long stubble to get rid of. She had seen Tom take off the guard when he wanted to remove the maximum amount of stubble, but she hadn't been brave enough to try an un-guarded trimmer around her vulva on her first try. It took a couple passes, but eventually her mangy moggy, transformed into a sleek hairless thing beauty.
All of a sudden, Lisa didn't care what Tom would think of her now bald pussy, she thought it looked GREAT.
Pouring a little moisturizer into her hands, Lisa decided to see if her newly nude pussy felt as good as it looked. Oohh yeesss. It REALLY felt good! As she worked the moisturizer into her sensitive skin, she couldn't ignore the growing sense of arousal she felt. Glancing at the bedroom clock, Lisa decided that she still had time before Tom got back.
Lisa let her slick hands slide down either side of her vulva, reveling in the softness and smoothness of her skin. She continued to caress and tease herself, letting the feelings build slowly. Hmmm, this felt good. By the time she had finished working a second application of moisturizer into her skin, she couldn't ignore the demands of her pussy any more.
Slowly she trailed a single finger between her lips. She gasped at how sensitive she was. All of the previous caresses had crept up on her and made her more aroused and sensitive than she had imagined. Again and again her finger slowly and gently traversed her slit, reveling in the slickness and sensitivity it found there. But soon she needed yet more.
Reaching down with her left hand, Lisa slipped just the tip of her middle finger inside of herself whilst the fingers of her right hand began circling her clit. The sensations were building fast. With the anticipation of shaving her pussy, the excitement of doing it, and now these ever so sweet caresses, her body didn't want to wait any more.
Lisa quietly moaned to herself as she started moving her finger in and out of herself, a little deeper and a little faster with each stroke. Simultaneously her other hand began rubbing her clit with more speed and pressure.
Soon Lisa was panting hard as the sensations climbed even higher. Her final moan as she came was as much relief as pleasure. This hadn't been a ground shattering orgasm, but it had been just what she needed.
Lisa glanced over at the bedroom clock.
Shit!
She had been enjoying herself for too long and Tom would be back any moment.
Without bothering to dress, Lisa shot out of bed and began tidying everything away.
She was just dumping the towels in the bathroom's wash basket, when she heard their car pull up in their drive.
Fuck.
She ran for the bedroom and quickly began to dress. She was just pulling a t-shirt over her head when she heard Tom call her name.
"I'll be right with you. I'm just finishing up cleaning the bedroom."
Phew, that had been a close thing.
Normally Lisa could just as easily have told Tom that she was in the bedroom because she had been masturbating, Tom knew that Lisa liked to masturbate. Not only that, but she knew that Tom still liked to watch her when she did.
However, she wanted to keep her shaved pussy a secret a little longer, which meant she didn't want to give Tom any ideas about mid-day sex. At least not today.
********
Lisa didn't tell Tom that afternoon.
She didn't even tell him that evening. Instead, they spent the evening cuddled up on the couch watching TV.
When it was finally time for bed, Lisa made sure that she was first to the bedroom. Pausing at the door she asked Tom if he could be a dear and go back and get her mobile phone, she had left it on the couch. She had actually puposly tucked it down between the couch's cushions, hoping the delay in finding the phone would buy her some extra time.
As Tom went back to look for her phone, Lisa quickly darted into the bedroom, having quickly stripped off, she lay naked on the bed, angling herself so that her slightly parted legs and bare pussy were facing the bedroom door.
Just as she hoped, Tom's face was an absolute picture when he walked into the bedroom and saw what was awaiting him.
Whilst he was momentarily struck dumb, his eyes glued to her bald pussy, Lisa proclaimed in a mock regal voice,
"I hereby invoke the Cunnie Contract."
It took a moment for Lisa's words to reach Tom's confused brain, but when it did a large grin appeared on his face.
"A pleasure m'lady"he told her in an equally mock subservient voice.
After waiting most of the day in anticipation of this moment, Lisa was currently in a state of high arousal. The last hour watching TV on the couch had been a struggle. She had so desperately wanted to show off her bald pussy to Tom, but all the while she had to pretend as though nothing was out of the ordinary. But now the secret was out, she was desperate to feel Tom's tongue and lips between her legs. Her clit was already tingling in anticipation of what was to come.
Luckily, Tom was in no condition to take it slow. Once he had gotten over his initial surprise, he was as excited as a starving man in a five star restaurant. The plat du jour was currently bald pussy with extra wetness.
Lisa's orgasm was quick, but intense.
Like most fantasies, the anticipation had been the best bit. Although the orgasm had been good, the quickness made it more of an appetizer. Lisa now wanted the main course. Unfortunately, by the rules of their agreement, the Cunnie Contract could only be used once a day.
Tom came up the bed to lie beside her. They kissed, and Lisa could taste herself on his lips and breath. It did nothing to dampen her still smoldering arousal, in fact it was making her even more aroused.
For his part Tom was just getting started. Kissing Lisa back with enthusiasm, his hand had drifted to her breast and was currently caressing it softly. Sensing Lisa's breathing getting faster, Tom repositioned so he could start planting light kisses on one breast whilst his hand continued to gently caress the other.
Reluctantly, Lisa reached down with her hand and raised Tom's head so that he was looking up at her, stopping him in his tracks.
"Woah tiger. What you are doing feels great, and I certainly wouldn't want to stop you,"she grinned,"but don't forget, the no-sex rule is in effect."
"But I thought . . . "
"Rules are rules."She told him with mock sadness.
"But . . ."
"Rules."
Lisa wanted Tom to fuck her so badly. The first orgasm just lit the flame, now she wanted to feel the fire. But she had promised herself, this first time she had to be firm and enforce the no-sex rule. She knew on later occasions she would definitely use her "sub-clause" to override the no-sex rule, but this first time she had to set the precedent. Show Tom the choice was hers, not his.
"Of course, if you wanted to go down on me again, I wouldn't complain,"she suggested in her best sultry voice.
Contracts were all about interpretation. Lisa wasn't telling Tom he "had" to go down on her, she was merely suggesting that if he "wanted to", she wouldn't have any objections. Damn, she should have been a lawyer.
After a moment's pause to think it over, Tom stretched up, gave Lisa a brief kiss on the lips, then went back to making her breasts feel oh so good.
Lisa sighed with relief, she had been worried there for a second. She really did want to set the president, but she was also desperate for more.
Tom was taking his time now, which was exactly what Lisa needed. After kissing his way down her body, Tom spent longer than normal just kissing her inner thighs, all the while his hands were roaming around her hips and legs, occasionally dipping beneath so that he could squeeze her ass cheeks. The sensation Lisa was feeling was halfway between aroused and extremely relaxed. Part of her felt that she could quite happily stay in this state for the rest of the night, but she knew her body would soon want more - a lot more.
At last Tom moved up to Lisa's pussy, but again he was keeping things light and limiting himself to her mons and the area around her outer lips. Again, the soft kisses interspersed with the occasional licking. Wherever Tom licked, Lisa's now bare skin was acutely aware of the wetness and the temperature change each lick brought. There was no draught in the bedroom, but Lisa's mind was convinced her pussy could feel a light breeze on her skin wherever Tom's mouth passed.
Lisa was imagining Tom's tongue at her entrance, the wet fatness of it sliding up her equally wet slit, and especially the strong wonderful strokes that luscious tongue would give her desperately sensitive clit . . . but Tom seemed to be in no hurry.
Was Tom purposely teasing her as a way of getting back at her invoking the no-sex rule? Or was he merely taking the time to enjoy her new bald playground?
When Tom's lips began gently tugging on her inner lips, the low drawn out moan that escaped Lisa came deep from within. The tugging was gentle, but it seemed to be pulling on nerve endings deep within her. Her hips couldn't help but twitch as the sparks of electricity bounced between her lips and the core of her sex and back again.
Over and over Tom went back and forth between kissing her lips and just occasionally tugging gently on them.
Eventually Tom went deeper. He used his thumbs to part her, leaving her fully exposed, but then paused, taking in the sight of her glistening pink wetness.
Tom's head dipped, and Lisa tensed as she anticipated the long slow stroke of his gorgeous tongue. Instead, she yelped as his tongue flicked out and just gave her a short fast lick. Before she could adjust her thinking, his tongue began its slow glorious journey from her entrance to her clit.
Again and again his tongue made its long slow journey. His tongue was so damn slow her nerve endings were popping off at the mere anticipation of its arrival. Each stroke was accompanied by the noise of her fast panting, which culminated in a low moan each time his tongue passed over her clit.
Just as she didn't think she could take any more, Tom decided it was time to concentrate more on her love nub. His tongue was now moving faster, much faster. It had gone from a slow moving force of nature to a rapid clit licking machine.
Oh fuck. Lisa wasn't going to be able to last long at this pace. Already there was a pressure building within her that was bursting to be set free.
Tom's tongue was just simply licking her clit over and over again. It was simple and basic, but after all the time they had been together, both of them knew it was the fastest way to make Lisa cum.
His tongue was unrelenting. Wave after wave of ecstasy radiated through her body. Each ring of expanding pleasure was centered on her clit and Tom's wonderful tongue.
She was close, oh so close.
Just a little more.
She was going to cum, she was going to cum, she . . .
Tom had stopped.
Lisa's eyes snapped down to Tom's face.
"What did you stop for?"
"I was just checking that you liked it."He responded with mock innocence.
"Of course I fucking like it! Don't fucking stop. Please."Desperation had leant her voice a sense of urgency.
"Ok"
Tom went back to what he was doing, but he was going slower again now, back to focusing on her mons and outer lips. It was good, but Lisa's body was on fire, she desperately needed more.
Lisa could feel every single kiss and the expanding ring of sensation that came with each one as Tom carefully kissed around her pussy. But it wasn't what Lisa needed right now. The core of her sex was aching / begging to explode with ecstasy, but Tom was denying her the last bit of intensity she needed to let it be released.
She tried telling Tom what she desired, where she wanted his tongue, what she needed more than anything. But Tom wasn't listening to her. He just went about callously pleasuring her and teasing her without granting her the release she needed.
After what seemed unbearable minutes (hours?), Tom gradually started paying more attention to her inner lips and clit.
Oh fucking god, it felt great.
His tongue was circling her extremely sensitive clit. She cried out whenever he sucked hard on it. Her breathing became a mixture of panting and moans as Tom again started to lick her hard and fast.
"Yes! Yes,yes,yes"
She so desperately needed to cum. She couldn't take it anymore.
Her arousal was soaring even faster than last time.
At last, she was about to cum.
"Yes"
"Yes!"
"Nooo!!"
Tom had stopped again.
"Just checking if you really like this?"asked an innocently smirking Tom.
"Please. Please don't stop."Lisa was absolutely desperate now.
"Are you begging me to carry on?"
"No!"Lisa hated to beg, and Tom knew it.
"So you don't really want it then?"Tom wasn't trying to hide his smirk anymore.
"Pleeaassee!!"
"Just beg, and I'll know you really want it."
Lisa wanted to punch Tom right in his idiotic grinning face, but instead she begged.
"Please, please, I'm begging you."She was frantic to cum. She couldn't help herself.
Later she would hate herself for begging, but at the moment her desperate body wasn't giving her any choice.
Tom didn't resist when Lisa pulled his head back between her legs.
This time there was no playing around as Tom went straight back to the hard fast licking of Lisa's clit.
Lisa screamed as she came. The bucking of her hips was so strong that Tom was momentarily knocked backwards (not that Lisa was in a state to notice). Tom held Lisa's hips firmly and went back to licking her. He knew how sensitive her clit got just after she had orgasmed, so was curious to see if he could now make her beg for him to stop.
Afterwards, Lisa lay on the bed. Her body had stopped quivering, but her breathing was taking longer to get back to normal.
She couldn't remember the last time she had had an orgasm that good.
But there was going to be payback.
Ok, she had invoked the no-sex rule, but Tom had made her beg, and Lisa never begged.
Turning to Tom, Lisa hugged him fiercely, and kissed him with as much passion as her exhausted body could muster.
Hehadgiven her a fantastic orgasm.
But he had also made her beg.
Lisa decided that revenge was a dish best served cold. She would bide her time and find just the right way of getting her payback.
Besides, the one hour wait for the no-sex rule must nearly be up by now. Lisa had a sudden craving to feel something long and hard inside of her, and she suspected Tom had just what she needed.
********
Revenge Is A Dish Best Served Smelly
Lisa's opportunity for revenge came two days later.
Tuesday was Lisa's gym evening. Normally after a gym session Lisa would shower and change at the gym before coming home. But not tonight.
Not only had Lisa worked-out extra hard at the gym to make sure she was nice and sweaty, but she had forgone her morning shower as well. She had felt extremely icky and grimy all day, but it was going to be worth it to force Tom to eat sweaty, smelly pussy.
Let's see how much he liked making her beg then.
Arriving home, Lisa found Tom sitting on the couch scrolling on his phone.
Standing directly in front of him, Lisa stripped off her shorts and proclaimed that she was invoking the Cunnie Contract.
With that she plonked down on the couch beside him and spread her legs in expectation. Although she had taken off her shorts, she had purposely left her panties on, as she wanted Tom to get the full effect of her smelly pussy.
Tom looked at her quizzically.
In return Lisa nodded down towards her pussy, indicating that she was impatient for him to begin.
Shrugging, Tom got up and knelt between her legs. As Tom's head approached her panties, she could see him take a deep breath, as if testing the smell.
Here it comes. Payback. Lisa was going to really enjoy Tom's discomfort.
Instead, Lisa was surprised and quite shocked to see that the smell of her ripe pussy was actually turning Tom on.
Tom was kissing her panties around her mons, whilst his hand was caressing the rest of her pussy through the thin material. By the appreciative noises he was making, he seemed to really like it.
No. No, this wasn't right, thought a panicked Lisa. Tom was meant to hate this, not like it.
Pulling her panties to one side, Tom immediately took as much of her labia into his mouth as he could and sucked hard, releasing her labia he wasted no time in running his tongue deep between her lips. It was as if in his excitement Tom couldn't decide what he wanted to do first, sucking at her lips, lapping at her entrance, sucking on her clit. It went back and forth, making Lisa dizzy with the different sensations.
At one point Tom must have decided that Lisa's panties were too much of a barrier between his mouth and the delicious pussy in front of him. Sitting back, he roughly pulled them all the way off, before immediately plunging his face back between her legs.
Currently Lisa was feeling very conflicted. Instead of Tom being put off by the state of her pussy, she found that it was actually her that was now feeling extremely self-conscious about how she must smell like down there. However, her body was finding Tom's enthusiasm and urgency infectious. No matter how self-conscious she might be of her own smell, she couldn't ignore the feelings she was experiencing as her clit was getting the tongue lashing of a lifetime. Fuck, he was too good at this.
A small part of her was ashamed that she was letting anyone near her pussy in its current state, but a greater part of her was even more ashamed to realize that she would have again been prepared to beg for him to carry on if he had threatened to stop.
There was no teasing this time. Once Tom had found just the right spot and speed to get her squirming and moaning, his tongue rode her clit all the way to her screaming orgasm.
As she was coming down from her high, Lisa was aware that Tom was now sitting beside her and was leaning in for a kiss.
Uh, uh. Not this time she thought as she pushed him away. She knew where that mouth had been. There was no way she wanted to taste sweaty, smelly pussy breath.
As soon as she was sure her legs wouldn't shake too much, she declared that she needed a shower, and hurried off to the bathroom.
As she let the hot water wash away the grime and the stink, Lisa couldn't help but wonder who had gotten the better of tonight's episode. Sure, she had gotten a great orgasm from it, but Tom had seemed to enjoy himself just as much, if not more so., This definitely wasn't payback for Tom making her beg.
As she continued to wash herself, her hand kept "washing" her fantastically sleek vulva a little more thoroughly than strictly necessary. It really had been a nice orgasm, she could still feel the glowing warmth in her pussy.
As she continued to "wash" her vulva, a thought suddenly occurred to her. She now knew exactly how she was going to get her own back on Tom, and it was going to be oh so much fun.
Excited at what she had in mind, she decided that she was going to forego the no-sex rule tonight. Suddenly she was too horny to wait another hour. She wanted to fuck Tom right away.
********
The following evening Tom was waiting to see what Lisa had in store for him. He had known that Lisa didn't like to beg, which is why he had made her when she had invoked the no-sex rule. He also knew that she wouldn't stop until she felt she had gotten even with him. They had played this game before, and it had led to somereallyinteresting and memorable situations.
As soon as Lisa had appeared in front of him the previous evening wearing her gym clothes and invoked the Cunnie Contract, Tom had immediately guessed what she had in mind. No matter how unpleasant it was going to be, Tom had been determined to play along, and by pretending it didn't bother him, he had intended to deny her the chance for payback.
The surprising thing was that the strong aroma and the stronger than normal salty taste really had turned him on a lot more than he would have thought possible. When he had started licking her like he couldn't get enough, he wasn't play-acting.
So, what did she have planned next?
Later, when Lisa called him to the bedroom that evening, he wasn't surprised to find her lying naked on the bed. He was even less surprised when she invoked the Cunnie Contract.
Not seeing anything out of the ordinary, apart from a gorgeously beautiful woman lying naked on the bed, Tom immediately stripped off and got on the bed with her. He was thinking that if he did a good job, she might be persuaded to forget the no-sex rule like she had last night.
As he settled himself between her legs, Lisa asked him to take his time, as she wanted this to last. This was fine by Tom, as he was still getting used to how fantastic her bald pussy looked and felt, and so was enjoying kissing her lightly around the outside of her pussy, intending to spiral into her oh so sweet center.
FLASH
What?
Tom looked up to see that Lisa had her mobile in her hand and was busy typing.
Had she just taken a photo of him going down on her?
Noticing he had stopped, Lisa told him to get back to what he was meant to be doing.
Seeing Lisa had now put her mobile aside, Tom went back to her pussy. He had a horrible feeling he would find out what this had been about soon enough.
Lisa's phone rang.
"Oh, hi Julie. So did you get the photograph?"
Tom couldn't hear the other side of the conversation, but whatever was said had sent Lisa into fits of laughter.
Tom was desperately trying to think which "Julie" Lisa would have sent the photo to. Between them they knew several Julies. But which one would she think would cause him the most embarrassment?
"Yes, he's doing it right now."
Giggles.
Just then Lisa interrupted his train of thought.
"Your sister says at least you appear to be good for something."
HIS SISTER JULIE?
Oh, crap no! His sister would never let him live this down. Growing up the siblings had taken every opportunity to embarrass each other whenever they could. Each new boyfriend or girlfriend that came along soon learnt the most embarrassing secrets of the person they were dating. And like Lisa, Julie absolutely did not like to be bested.
In his daze Tom gradually became aware of Lisa tapping him on the head.
"Hey, get back to it, this is meant to be cunnie time."
As Tom lowered his head once more he could hear Lisa chatting to his sister.
"Sorry about that Julie, Tom was slacking off."
"Your sister says no slacking you lazy bum"
More giggles.
Tom decided to show his annoyance by nipping on her labia.
"Ouch, no biting . . . at least not yet."
More giggles.
Tom tried to concentrate on what he was doing, but it was hard, as he could still hear Lisa and Julie chatting. Worse, they appeared to be discussing him - in explicit detail.
Tom desperately wanted one of two things to happen. Either the call would immediately end, or a rip in the fabric of the universe would open up and swallow him completely. Unfortunately, neither thing appeared to be about to happen soon.
There was only one thing for it. He was going to have to make Lisa want to end the call.
Tom became laser focused on Lisa's pussy, determined to see how quickly he could make her cum.
Five minutes later.
"Huh, huh, sorry Julie, I'll h-have to call you b-b-back. Your brother really is very g-g-good at, at this. FUCK, Fuck, fuck. Sorry about that. B-bye."
Another minute and Lisa was screaming and bucking hard against him.
At least his humiliation was over.
"Hey Tom."
He looked up.
FLASH
More typing by Lisa. What had she done now?
Later, putting his own phone on charge for the night, Tom noticed he had a message from his sister. With dread he opened it.
Staring back at him was his own image. He had a dopy surprised expression on his face, the lower half of which was unmistakably wet and shiny with Lisa's juices. He even had a strand of her juice about to drip off of his chin.
Underneath was the message from Julie.
"Hey Pussy Boy. Do you do bachelorette parties?"
A string of laughing crying emojis finished the message.
Oh fuck. She really wasn't going to let him live this down. Ever.
Lisa had her payback.
********
The next morning Lisa was magnanimous in her victory.
She woke Tom by going down on him until he came in her mouth, and once she had coaxed life back into his cock, she slowly rode him to a second orgasm.
She still felt a little guilty about what she had done to him. Just a little bit. But not too much.
However, all the while that she was sliding up and down on his cock, Lisa couldn't stop thinking about how much of a thrill it had been to have Tom going down on her whilst she was on the phone to somebody else. She had been surprised how much she had been turned on by it. Even now she was becoming more aroused just remembering it.
This needed further investigation.
********
If You Go Down To The Woods Today
That Saturday, once she had confirmed the weather was going to be fine, Lisa suggested a walk in the park.
In her opinion, the park was the one thing the city had really gotten right.
It was 400 acres made up of three concentric circles. The smaller inner circle was made up of ornate gardens and ponds. The middle circle was mainly open grass land, which included the cycle and running tracks, whilst the outer circle was made of tall trees and bushes. The outer circle was meant to represent wild nature, and whilst it had some tracks, it was mainly left overgrown and untouched.
Because of the high tree screening of the outer ring, once you were in the park, it was easy to forget you were in the center of a medium sized city. Although you couldn't escape the constant distant drone of vehicles, this was one of the few places in the city you could also hear birdsong. The air smelt fresher, cleaner, and you could imagine the greenness went on far further than you could actually see.
As they walked, Lisa was aware of her skirt moving against her legs. Apart from work and evenings out, Lisa hardly ever wore skirts, especially when the weather was as crisp as it was today. But she was wearing a skirt now. Feeling the brisk air on her legs and beneath her skirt made Lisa shiver, and it wasn't because of the chill temperature.
If Tom had noticed the unusualness of her wearing a skirt, he didn't comment on it.
As they slowly ambled arm-in-arm along the park's grass belt, just taking in the quietness and open views, Lisa gradually, and without making it obvious, began guiding their walk closer to the tree belt.
As they got closer to the trees, Lisa casually turned to Tom, and told him,
"I'm invoking the Cunnie Contract."
Tom was taken aback.
"What, here?"
Lisa nodded to the trees.
"I'm sure we can find a secluded spot in there."
Whilst messing around in the park wasn't exactly a novel idea, especially for the city's teenage population, Lisa and Tom had met in their late-twenties, and by that time they had worked most of the wildness out of their systems. As a couple they had never tried outdoor sex. Why would they? They had a perfectly good bed at home.
So, it was with teenager-like excitement that Lisa led a much more reluctant Tom into the trees.
Eventually, Lisa found the perfect spot. It was about halfway between the grass belt on one side and the city on the other. On one side she could just about hear a group of guys playing touch football, and judging by their banter it sounded as though they were making up the rules as they went along. On the other side she could clearly hear the loud noise of the busy city as its inhabitants went about their daily lives.
Being able to hear other people was what was important and what excited Lisa the most.
She found a spot that looked dry enough and free from stones, and lay down, inviting Tom to join her.
Tom was still a little reluctant, but he reasoned that with all the dried leaves and dead branches littering the ground, they should be able to hear anyone coming with enough time to make themselves presentable if necessary.
However, the last of Tom's reluctance completely disappeared when Lisa lifted her skirt and he could see that she wasn't wearing any panties. Instead, her freshly shaved pussy was gleaming at him in the sunlight. He went about his "duties" without further hesitation.
As Lisa enjoyed the sensation of Tom between her legs, she closed her eyes and concentrated on the noises around them. The city noises were loud but were also too muddled together to make out much apart from the odd blaring horn and the distinctive higher pitch of the occasional motorbike. If she concentrated, Lisa could hear more on the park side than just the football players. There was the occasional shout or high pitched childish laughter as other people were enjoying themselves in the sunshine, just like Lisa and Tom were. Well . . . maybe not "exactly" the same way Lisa and Tom were.
Because she was concentrating on the noises that surrounded them, Lisa's orgasm crept up on her slowly, until suddenly she realized she was on the verge of cumming.
As she came, Lisa tried to suppress the loudest of her moans, but some noise did escape to add to the ambient sounds of their secluded little spot in the woods.
Afterwards, relaxing, Lisa rated her orgasm as gentle and pleasant. However, she wasn't here for gentle and pleasant, she wanted exciting and dangerous.
Lisa pulled Tom up until his head was level with hers. With her arms around his neck, she pulled him closer until her mouth was next to his ear,
"Fuck me."She told him, then bit his earlobe for emphasis.
Tom could tell by the tone of her voice that Lisa wasn't asking him. This was definitely an order.
Tom also wasn't about to question the fact that the no-sex rule didn't appear to be in effect. He was so turned on that the bulge in his jeans was verging on the uncomfortable. He began kissing Lisa's neck, working down to her shoulder as one hand gently caressed her breast beneath the thin material.
But Lisa was impatient.
"Fuck me. Now!"
Tom was already extremely aroused, but hearing the urgency in Lisa's voice kicked it up several notches. He quickly started fumbling with his belt and zipper until he could free his cock.
Wow! That was some chilly air. Luckily, he knew just the place where his cock would be warm again.
But not quite yet.
Tom didn't enter Lisa immediately, instead he began to slide his hard cock between her labia, making sure that at the end of each stroke his cock bumped up against her clit. Over and over, he slowly slid between her wet lips.
He could see the desperation building behind her eyes, and just as she opened her mouth to say something, he slid his entire cock fully into her with one smooth stroke.
Whatever Lisa was about to say was immediately transformed into a low guttural moan.
Tom tried to keep a steady rhythm at first, but feeling Lisa's hips bucking against him and her hands clutching at his bare ass cheeks in the cold air was driving him wild.
However, the harder and faster he thrust into her, the louder Lisa's moans became. The small part of Tom that wasn't currently thinking with his cock was becoming increasingly concerned that somebody would hear them. Lisa was very loud now and showed no signs of stopping.
In desperation he covered Lisa's mouth with his hand, trying to quieten her moans.
Lisa was going wild. Her hips were bucking into him faster than ever, and she was desperately trying to pull his hand away from her mouth, but he held firm as he continued to thrust into her.
In response to Lisa's frantic efforts, Tom was thrusting into her for all he was worth. He couldn't stop now if he wanted to. He was dimly aware that his own grunting wasn't exactly quiet at this point, but he didn't have any control over that either.
Just as he was about to cum, Lisa bit the palm of his hand as hard as she could. His hand flinched away from her mouth and Lisa immediately began screaming out in ecstasy as her orgasm crashed into her. Lisa's body was spasming hard, and it was these spasms that tipped Tom over the edge to his own orgasm. He practically bellowed with his release as thrust after trust he emptied himself into her.
Tom collapsed down on Lisa, and he felt her arms tightly wrap around him, holding him close as the last of their combined shuddering subsided.
Too soon Tom remembered where they were and the extremely loud noises they had just been making.
Levering himself up and reaching for his jeans, he told Lisa they had to go - Now!
They decided to walk along the tree area a bit more, until they could exit far away from where they had been making all their noise.
Lisa was euphoric. Not only had sex in an outdoor public place been everything she had hoped for, but she couldn't remember the last time Tom had fucked her so fiercely and with so much urgency.
When Tom had placed his hand over her mouth, she had felt slightly dominated, and it had been thrilling. However, the main reason she had fought against his hand was that she had felt the scream of her release building inside of her, and here, today, out in the open, she hadn't been able to bear the thought of it being trapped within her.
As they walked, Lisa could feel Tom's cum running down her inner thigh. The dampness accentuated by the chill air sent a thrilling shiver through her.
Lisa wondered if the cum would run far enough down her leg to the point that it would be visible below the hem of her skirt. There was a wicked part of her that hoped that it would.
********
Flying High
For days afterwards Lisa had not been able to think of anything else other than how exciting it had been, being exposed and made to cum in a public place.
Ok, the park was so large the chances of being caught were very slim, but still, the chance of being caught was still there.
It was a start.
Lisa would start scouting other locations immediately. Luckily, her work gave her plenty of scope to travel the city looking for likely spots.
Two weeks later Lisa found exactly what she was looking for. It would need to happen mid-week, but that wouldn't be a problem as Tom worked from home as a freelance graphic artist.
All she needed to do now was to prepare the ground at work and she would be ready.
Three days later Lisa asked Tom if he could give her a hand with a job she had for work. She just needed to measure up some new office space her firm was helping to put on the market. Normally someone from work would give her a hand, but it just so happened no one was available. All he had to do was hold the other end of a measuring tape, she would do the rest. It shouldn't take more than an hour. Please?
Grumbling, Tom agreed.
Half an hour later they were standing outside of a newly completed fifteen story office block. It was all glass and metal cladding, and it was so new that nobody was renting any space in it yet.
Measuring tape in hand, Lisa led the way to reception where a lone security guard was sat behind the main counter. After introducing herself, she explained what company she was from, and said she was here to do some last-minute measuring before the leasing contracts were finalized. He could check with her office if he wanted confirmation.
He did.
Luckily Lisa had informed her manager the day before that she needed to check some measurements, just to confirm that they were correct for the contracts.
Once her name, description and reason for being there had been confirmed by the office, the security guard was satisfied.
They took the elevator to the fifteenth floor. Stepping from the elevator, Lisa was always amazed at how big these offices looked when they were completely empty and before any partitions were installed.
She walked to one of the large floor-to-ceiling glass panels that made up the outer walls of the office. When she looked down she could see the people and traffic moving around like ants below. When she looked straight out her view was filled with open sky. She gave a sigh of satisfaction. Perfect.
Without turning from the view she told Tom she was invoking the Cunnie Contract.
She paused a little longer, just taking in the sight of the magnificent open sky, before she turned back to him.
He looked stunned.
Still looking at him, she undid her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She was completely naked underneath. In fact, since the episode in the park, Lisa had started wearing skirts a lot more, but never with panties. The sense of excitement and freedom she felt knowing there was only a thin piece of cloth between her pussy and nakedness never seemed to get old.
Although Tom didn't seem to be able to tear his eyes away from her bald pussy, he was hesitant.
"Um, shouldn't we get the measurements done first?"
"What measurements?"Lisa asked innocently.
She walked back to the window and leant against it with her legs apart and her ass cheeks flattened against the glass.
"Well, are you going to lick my pussy, or do I have to invoke the penalty clause?"
Tom was still hesitant, but Lisa was using her "boss" voice. Lisa normally only used that tone of voice in the bedroom, and Tom always found it hard to refuse her when she did.
He was just getting to his knees before her, when a thought occurred to him,
"What about the security guard?"
"Don't worry,"reassured Lisa, "in these types of unoccupied offices the security guard is meant to stay by the front desk during the day in case anyone needs to be let in. Like we were."
"Now, get to it."
With Tom slowly kissing and licking between her legs and the open sky at her back, Lisa felt as though she was soaring. She had her eyes closed, to better feel what Tom was doing, but her mind was still very aware that only a few panes of glass separated her from the vast openness beyond.
She imagined the people below. What would they see if they looked up at just the right window? If they focused, they might just see a woman, naked from the waist down, leaning back against a window. If they had really good eyesight, they might just see a man kneeling between her legs.
The thought of being seen sent a shiver of excitement through Lisa, but she knew it was very unlikely. Not only would they have to be looking at the right window, but these days people were far more likely to be looking down at their phones than looking up at buildings.
She was now breathing in short panting breathes as her body twitched in response to Tom's increased licking. Her mind imagined her floating backwards and up into the bright open sky.
She gasped whenever Tom sucked on her clit. The sensation sent her soaring higher and higher into the sky. She was now flying above the clouds.
Tom's tongue was now constantly circling her clit. It wasn't as intense as when he sucked it or licked it hard, but Christ it felt good. Her rate of assent slowed, but she was still rising ever upwards.
A while later Lisa gasped as Tom renewed the pace of his licking. She was back to soaring again. Then she cried out as she felt him slide a finger into her pussy. Fingers weren't technically part of the Cunnie Contract, but fuck technicalities when it felt this good.
Oh fuck, she didn't want it to stop, but it was becoming harder to breathe. Was it the thin air at this altitude or was it Tom's tongue and finger that was making her pant so hard?
Lisa felt Tom withdraw his finger, then she cried out again as it immediately returned with a second finger. Tom was now finger fucking her hard and fast as well as licking and sucking her clit.
Her legs were now shaking and her breathing was a mixture of panting, gasps and moans. Her hips were bucking against Tom's fingers, trying to get them deeper insider of her.
The sensations kept building, and she kept flying higher.
Oh fuck it was good! Oh so fucking good.
She was trembling all over as she struggled to contain the pleasure building inside of her.
All she could feel now was the intense white hot unbearable pleasure that was her clit and vagina. What the fuck was Tom doing to her?
She couldn't soar any higher . . . she . . . she
Suddenly, with a strangled scream she exploded into a cloud of ecstasy across the bright sky as her orgasm hit.
Her legs were shaking so hard and her chest was heaving so much with her intense panting that she had to hold onto Tom's shoulders to stop herself falling over. She still had her eyes tightly shut, not wanting to give up on the fantasy of flight until she absolutely had to.
Tom had stopped his licking and was now holding Lisa's hips firmly for support as her body continued to shake against him.
Eventually, when the worst of the shaking had eased, she opened her eyes and asked Tom to help her sit down. Her legs were still shaking badly and felt like jello. She needed to rest but was worried that if she tried to sit by herself, she was just as likely to fall in a heap.
Tom helped her to sit, then sat beside her. He didn't say anything, he just held her and made her feel special.
She was so lucky to have Tom.
It was another twenty minutes before Lisa felt composed enough to move. Putting her skirt back on, they made their way back down to the lobby.
The security guard was smiling broadly at them as they walked towards him.
"I hope you got what you wanted", he said looking directly at Lisa.
Was that a smirk on his face. Did he suspect?
As they were leaving,"Come again"he called after them.
Lisa could tell by the tone of his voice that he did know. But how?
Had he followed them, or were there security cameras that she had missed?
Hmm, security cameras. Now there was a thought.
The security guard was now forgotten. New plans were already forming in Lisa's mind.
********
Lying in bed that evening, Lisa was thinking back over the last few weeks, and not just how great it had been for her.
She was worried that she might have been too selfish and not paid enough attention to Tom. Ok, the whole Cunnie Contract thing had started as Tom's idea, and it had been fun for both of them at the start. But as it went on, she had gotten far more from it than he had.
She knew Tom wasn't as adventurous as she had become, and he was sometimes hesitant when things got a bit too "public". But despite his hesitancy, Tom had never refused her.
She needed to concentrate on Tom a bit more. Show him how much she appreciated and loved him.
Besides, what she had in mind next would take a couple weeks to put together. She thought she had a location in mind but wanted to check it out first. Also, she would need to buy a few things.
Plenty of time to show Tom how much she really appreciated him.
********
Eating Out
It was two weeks later when Lisa informed Tom that she had booked them a table at a restaurant for the following evening.
Tom was surprised to find that it wasn't one of the restaurants they regularly visited, in fact it was quite away across the city. They would need to book an Uber if both of them were going to be drinking. And if Lisa was planning something, Tom suspected that he would need a strong drink at some point.
The following evening Lisa had been hogging the bathroom as she got ready. It had taken her well over an hour, but as she stepped out of the bathroom it was worth it for the look on Tom's face.
Tom thought she looked absolutely stunning.
Tom didn't have the first clue about women's make-up, other than the fact that he knew Lisa was normally quite sparing with it. She could afford to be. As far as Tom was concerned, she was the most beautiful woman he had ever met. However, she had worked some sort of bewitching magic, because although the make-up still appeared subtle, it had dialed her natural beauty up to eleven. He found he could barely look away from her coy smile and sparkling eyes.
Eventually he began taking in the rest of her.
The dress was new, he knew that for certain. Once seen, it would have been absolutely impossible to forget.
He knew enough to know it was called a "little black dress", but such a simple name was a complete injustice to something so mesmerizing.
It had thin shoulder straps and was low cut, perfect for showing off her shoulders, upper chest and just a peek at the top of her perfectly formed breasts.
Her tanned skin against the blackness of the dress was breathtaking.
The dress was very figure hugging and seemed designed to tease more than cover. Tom was beginning to think that dresses like this should come with a government health warning, he was already beginning to feel quite hot under the collar.
Against the blackness of the dress, he could see a hint of her nipples pushing against the fabric. She definitely was not wearing a bra.
Looking down, the dress ended halfway to her knees, which still left a lot of bare leg to be admired. And those legs definitely deserved to be admired. Lisa was wearing the highest heels she owned, and the effect it was having on her legs, especially her calves, had definitely raised Tom's heart rate. The heels seemed to change her whole posture, she seemed to glide with a regal elegance and poise.
Tom hadn't failed to notice the outfit was completed by the thin sliver necklace and earrings that he had given her for their first anniversary. He suspected it was no accident that she had chosen to wear them now. If the rest of the outfit was meant to excite and tease, then the jewelry was a token of the bond that they shared.
Tom was wearing his best suit pants and shirt, but next to this vision of beauty before him, he felt an absolute slob. He couldn't stop staring at her.
Lisa was secretly thrilled at Tom's reaction.
She was most pleased with the dress. It had taken her ages to find just the right one. She had wanted a certain amount of freedom around the hips, but at the same time she wanted it to be very snug around her modest bust. She had also known she wasn't going to be wearing a brassiere tonight, partly so that it wouldn't be visible beneath the fine material of the dress, but mainly because she wanted the shape of her nipples to be visible. Judging by Tom's reaction she had gotten it just right.
"Well?"she asked.
"Your beautiful."Tom told her in a dreamlike state.
"I'm glad you finally noticed after all this time."She was teasing, as she was extremely happy to see what effect she was having on him.
"I meant your more beautiful."
Tom's brain was still finding it hard to think of anything other than that fantastically figure enhancing dress. As a result, his dazzling conversation skills were suffering badly.
But then a new thought did enter his brain.
"You're not going to ask me to go down on you in the restaurant are you?"
He had meant to make it sound like a joke, but there was still a hint of nervousness in his voice. Lisa had been getting very "daring" lately.
"No."Lisa laughed at the suggestion.
Walking over to him, she took his unresisting hand and slightly lifting the hem of her dress she placed his hand between her legs.
"See, I'm even wearing panties tonight."
Tom thought he had stopped breathing. He could feel soft silk and lace, but more than that he could feel a fierce heat radiating off of her pussy.
Without really being aware of it, he began casually caressing her through her panties.
"Now, now" said Lisa, removing his hand from between her legs."If you keep doing that we will definitely be late for the restaurant. Besides, the Uber should be here soon."
With that, she gave him a quick kiss and went to check her phone to see how long the Uber was going to be.
Tom was still stood in the same spot he had been when Lisa had first exited the bathroom. His brain told him only a couple of minutes had passed since then, but so much more seemed to have happened in that time.
He shook himself, both mentally and physically. Lisa was definitely up to something. He had better get his act together if he didn't want to be led too far astray.
But dear god, that dress though.
********
Seated at the restaurant, Lisa waited until they had ordered before retrieving her phone from her clutch.
Scrolling through her apps, she found the one she was looking for and activated it.
Immediately she could feel a soft buzzing between her legs.
Passing her phone to Tom:
"Here, something to keep you entertained during the meal."
Tom looked puzzled at her.
So Lisa explained. The app on the phone was the controller for the remote vibrating egg that was currently in her pussy. Move the dot on the screen to the right to increase the frequency of the vibrations, move the dot up to increase the intensity.
Currently the control dot was located in the bottom left of the screen, but Lisa could quite clearly feel the vibrations. It was a VERY pleasant sensation.
The egg had arrived a couple days ago, and of course Lisa had to try it out straight away - purely to make sure it was working properly.
She had even had it inside of her most of yesterday evening, just to check that it wouldn't be uncomfortable after an extended period. It hadn't. In fact, even though it had been turned off, it had still been erotically arousing just feeling it as she walked around. Tom hadn't suspected a thing.
This was the real reason Lisa was wearing panties tonight. She was absolutely sure the egg wouldn't slip out as they walked from the Uber to the restaurant, but even her new daring self didn't want to take that risk.
Tom was now looking at her with a mixed expression of shock and wonder.
In return, Lisa was looking at him in anticipation, waiting to see what he would say or do next.
Suddenly Tom's finger sent the control dot right to the top of the screen.
Lisa jerked involuntarily and had to quickly stifle a gasp at the sudden increase in intensity.
Tom had returned the dot to a lower setting. Not at the minimum, but close.
"So how does it feel?"he asked.
Lisa was about to tell him it felt fantastic, when Tom flicked the intensity to maximum again. Her words were swallowed in another stifled gasp.
Now this was a game they could both play. Tom got to be in charge of her arousal, and she got to reap the benefits.
During the course of the meal Tom found two patterns that he was having most fun with.
The first pattern involved Tom's finger ever so slowly tracing wide large circles on the screen. Over and over again. With the mobile resting on the table, it seemed the sort of action somebody would absentmindedly do whilst thinking about something else.
For Lisa there was nothing absentminded about it, she was very acutely aware of the ever changing vibrations in her pussy. The constantly changing frequency and intensity of the vibrations was playing havoc with her mind and pussy.
After twenty minutes of being subjected to this erotic torture, Lisa was still just about able to keep her breathing sounding somewhat normal (just), but she could no longer stop herself squirming in her seat.
Thank god she had decided to wear panties. She would have hated to have had to try and explain the wet patch that she would have left on the seat otherwise.
The waiter seemed to be making excuses to come by their table rather a lot at the moment,"Was the meal OK?","Were they OK?","Could he get them anything else?". Each time he tried not to make it obvious that he was glancing down at her breasts. Lisa couldn't really blame him though; her nipples were nowveryvisibly poking out beneath the fabric of her dress like little hard beacons announcing her intense arousal.
Unfortunately, this had prompted the other little game Tom now liked to play.
Each time Tom saw the waiter approaching, he would start the vibrations low, and then gradually increase them, hitting maximum intensity just as the waiter arrived at the table. Then as the waiter was talking to Lisa, (he always talked to Lisa), Tom would quickly bounce the intensity up and down for as long as the waiter stayed by them.
Tom found this hilarious, watching Lisa trying not to squirm and speak without panting.
"Is everything to your satisfaction madam?"
A quick flick of his eyes down to her nipples.
"Hmm. Y-yes thank y-you."
"Just signal if you need anything more."
Another downward flick of the eyes.
"Yes. Hmm. I will . . . th-thank you."
By the time the main meal was over, Lisa was in quite a state. She was quietly sitting with her hands tightly clasped in her lap and her head was bowed, just staring down at the table. Apart from an occasional low whimper, Lisa also wasn't speaking anymore. Instead, her lips were pressed firmly together, as though trying hard to keep something inside of herself.
Tom was actually a little concerned.
"Are you OK?"
A rapid nodding of her head, but she was still not looking up or speaking.
"Do you want dessert?"
Rapid shaking of the head.
"Do you want me to get the bill?"
Rapid nodding of the head.
As Tom signaled for the waiter, he slid Lisa's phone back across the table to her.
With snake like speed her hand immediately shot out and turned off the app.
Lisa let out an audible sigh that Tom was sure the nearby dinners could clearly hear. But he suspected at this point Lisa was past caring.
By the time the bill was paid and they were ready to leave, Lisa had herself under much better control. Tom could tell she was OK, as she was now sporting a dopy grin on her face. Even then, she still held on to Tom's arm as they left, as though she found the extra support reassuring.
They had walked a few yards past the restaurant when Lisa, without warning, suddenly screamed out:
"FUUUCK!!!"
"Holy fuck! You have no idea how close I came to cumming in there. Shit, I thought I was going to explode."
Tom grinned. Yep, Lisa was back to normal.
But then he stopped dead in his tracks. Lisa had said something else, and his brain was rapidly replaying it to double check what she had said.
"By the way, I'm invoking the Cunnie Contract."
He looked at her in shock. Surely, she had to be joking.
"What? Here? Now?"
"Yep."
"You can't be serious?"
"I am. In fact, I see an alleyway over there that looks ideal."
Lisa knew there was an alleyway over there, as she had scouted it out previously.
As Lisa dragged him closer to the Alleyway, Tom became more nervous.
"It's too well lit. People will be able to see us from the sidewalk."
"Don't worry. Look, there's a dumpster down there. If we stand behind that, nobody will be able to see us."
Lisa also knew the dumpster would be there.
There was something else down the alleyway that Lisa knew about. But she wasn't about to tell Tom.
She led a still reluctant Tom by the hand down the alley and behind the dumpster. Once they were hidden from the street, Lisa quickly bent and slipped her panties off. Rising, she stuffed her sodden panties into Tom's front pocket, making sure her hand pushed against his cock. Despite how nervous Tom was, she could feel that he was rock hard.
Leaning back against the wall, Lisa hiked up the bottom of her dress, parted her legs and told Tom to kneel.
"But these are my best suit pants. They'll get filthy."
It was a weak excuse. The last token of Tom's rapidly crumbling resistance. And they both knew it.
"If you do this for me, I'll let you fuck me when we get home."
This was a complete lie from Lisa. Whatever happened now, they would definitely be fucking tonight, even if she had to tie Tom down and do all the work herself. The way Lisa was feeling at the moment, she wouldn't be happy until she had drained every last drop of cum from him.
"Now man up and start licking pussy."
The last bit of resistance gone, Tom lowered himself to his knees and began making her clit sing.
Lisa let out a deep moan of satisfaction as she felt Tom's tongue on her. He really was a fucking master at this.
Scrabbling around in her clutch, Lisa found her phone, scrolled to the right app, and pressed the screen.
Tom's head shot up.
"You're buzzing!"
"Damn right I am. Now get back to licking."
After what she had gone through at the restaurant, Lisa knew she wouldn't be able to last long. She could already feel the irresistible beautiful pleasure building quickly inside of her.
Instead, she looked up and stared directly into the lens of the security camera that she had known was just a little further along the alleyway.
The camera was the real reason she had chosen this specific restaurant and this specific alleyway.
The security camera wasn't pointed exactly at them, but it was close enough that they would clearly be in view.
Without taking her eyes off the camera, Lisa slipped one of the dress's straps off her shoulder and lowered the top of her dress to expose one of her breasts. Still looking at the camera she began caressing and squeezing her breast whilst Tom continued to lick and suck on her pussy.
She was panting hard and her hips were constantly rocking against Tom. The combined sensations of the vibrating egg within her and Toms rapid licking of her clit was threatening to completely overwhelm her. She hadn't even turned the egg's vibrations up to full, but still she struggled to stop herself from constantly crying out at how intense the sensations were.
For nearly an hour at the restaurant, Tom had teased her. She still couldn't believe that she had somehow managed not to cum in front of everybody. But now her orgasm wouldn't be denied. The sensations had a hold of her and wouldn't back down until she came - hard.
She stared at the camera's lens, a desperate look on her face. She squeezed and pulled hard on her exposed nipple and a shudder of intense shock ran through her entire body.
Her orgasm came too soon. But she was powerless to stop it.
All of the built-up tension from the restaurant, the buzzing egg inside of her, Tom's tongue and the knowledge they were being watched, suddenly became too much for her to hold in.
She came shuddering and screaming loudly as wave after wave of all consuming ecstasy blasted through her.
As one hand desperately clutched her naked breast, she brought her other hand to her mouth to try and muffle the rest of her screams.
All the while she was bucking and shaking against Tom, she tried to keep staring at the camera. She couldn't stop wondering, would it just be one guy watching them, or would there be a roomful by now? All of them watching her, exposed and cumming for their entertainment.
Even as the worst of her shaking was subsiding, the strength in her legs gave out. She slid down the wall until her warm naked ass made contact with the cold hard ground.
It took a couple minutes before she could think straight enough to retrieve her phone and switch off the egg that was still vibrating inside of her. But it took a lot longer before Lisa had the strength to let Tom help her to her feet.
Tom was very nervous and wanted to go right away. Lisa's initial scream had been earsplitting, and he was still worried that somebody may have called the cops to investigate the woman "in distress".
Tom still hadn't spotted the security camera and Lisa saw no reason to point it out to him. It was her secret audience.
As they were leaving the alleyway, Lisa turned briefly, blew the camera a kiss and gave it a cheery wave. She really hoped that whoever had been watching enjoyed the show.
********
One Last Agreement
It was a couple days after the incident in the alleyway when Tom sat her down for a "serious" talk.
Lisa had been expecting this. She probably had pushed Tom a bit too hard and too fast for him to have been comfortable with the level of exposure and danger she now craved.
"I think we need to stop with all this sex in public places, it's getting too dangerous. And as for the "Cunnie Contract", that also needs to stop, it's not funny anymore."
Lisa agreed to drop the Cunnie Contract. However, she didn't want to give up the sex in exposed places, she now wanted it too much.
Instead, she negotiated. She was prepared to cut down on the amount of times she asked for sex in public and was even prepared to give Tom a veto each time. Secretly Lisa didn't mind giving Tom a veto, as she was fairly certain she would be able to talk him around most times.
If Tom continued to indulge her in this, she would make it worth his while.
Tom was intrigued, but also very wary. He had been on the losing end of agreements with Lisa before.
"If you continue to indulge me with my little "adventures", I'll let you have anal sex with me. I know you have always wanted to try it."
It was true, Tom had always wanted to try anal with Lisa, but since she had said "No" the one and only time he had suggested it, he had been too embarrassed to mention it again.
Tom was very excited at the idea, but he was also skeptical of there being a catch.
"But not in public, or anywhere exposed."He stated.
Lisa laughed.
"No, nowhere public. In fact, I promise we will be in bed at the time. But I get to pick when, and it is going to be a one-time offer."
"Why pick a time? Why not now?"Tom was a little suspicious that Lisa was putting a time limit on it.
"Because I've never done it before and so I just need a little time to mentally prepare myself."
The last bit wasn't exactly true. The new adventurous Lisa was more than ready to try anal. The vibrating egg hadn't been the only thing that had arrived in that plain brown package. There was currently a new butt-plug hidden in her panty drawer that she had also been trying out - just to make sure. In fact, she had worn it to work yesterday, with what for the workplace could only be described as a daringly short skirt, and of course no panties. Not only was the experience at work exhalating, but she had found even inserting the plug and having it inside of her as she walked around extremely pleasurable. Why ever had she waited so long before trying anal?
She already knew the time and place, she just wanted it to be a surprise for Tom.
Tom really wanted to fuck Lisa's ass, it had been on his wish list for the longest time, so he didn't hold out for very long. Once he had agreed to her conditions, Lisa showed him just how appreciative she could be.
Tom was currently unaware that his mother had called Lisa the previous day and invited them around to the family home for Thanksgiving. Lisa also knew that according to Tom, his parents had kept his childhood bedroom just as it had been the day he had left home to go to university.
If Lisa was going to lose her anal virginity, she couldn't think of a better place to do it than on Tom's childhood bed . . . whilst his parents were downstairs.
It was going to be fun to see if Tom would go through with it, especially as she had made it clear that it was going to be a one-time offer.
Well, that was what she had told Tom anyway. Now that she knew how good the butt-plug felt, Lisa was already wondering how long it would be before she could talk Tom into anal in the park.
The End.
********
I hope you enjoyed this latest tale.
Not quite as much romance in this story, but sometimes horny characters have got to do what horny characters do.
Yogma