Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 7
"...uhm, h-how long must I stand here...?"
Isabelle was standing on stage, looking fairly uncomfortable, and for good reason. For one, she was completely naked in front of the audience. Her perky nipples poked up from her healthy, C-cup breasts, and her sex was dripping with excitement.
Secondly, she had audience-controlled vibrators stuffed in both of her holes. The buzzing was clearly audible, projecting throughout the showroom. Isabelle rubbed her thighs together nervously, trying to ignore the stares assaulting her body.
Thirdly, she had a potent aphrodisiac circulating through her body. She couldn't decide whether she enjoyed or loathed the dirty thoughts and sensations that she was feeling thanks to that pill.
And fourth...
"What's the matter, woof? You embarrassed?" Pup giggled, nuzzling up against Isabelle's thighs and legs with her cheek. She was on all fours, panting and blushing, wagging her tail in the air like a bitch in heat. Isabelle had to admit that seeing a fully grown woman get on all fours naked and act like a dog was arousing. Although...
"...Pup, why am I the one h-holding your leash, anyway...?"
Pup smiled. "It was your girlfriend's idea,woof."
Lilith laughed. "Someone's gotta hold it- that collar has a leash for a reason! Besides, we need someone lewd and provocative to follow you around to balance out your shyness."
Maya commented, "Well, I have to say, it's working. Listen to those cheers! I bet quite a few young men will have a hard time falling asleep tonight..."
At this comment, the audience cheered and whistled, signaling their agreement.
Arrow, clad in their suit as usual, strolled onstage. "I see we're all fired up already! Welcome to the awards ceremony for Strip-Off: Season Two!"
Isabelle shuddered. "Please hurry... I feel... sort of... uhm... horny..."
Arrow waved her off. "That's sort of the point. Feel free to touch yourself if you need to. Now, then, the rewards- the rewards are the same as last season. First off: ten grand for everyone as thanks for participating!"
A table with suitcases piled on top of it was wheeled out, and the audience clapped as Arrow handed one suitcase to each person.
Maya checked inside of her case. "HOLY HELL that's a lot of money! Man, this is great- I pissed off my stupid ex AND I'm richer now! In your FACE, you stupid ex! I know you're watching this! Suck it!" Maya whooped in celebration and flipped off the camera.
Arrow cleared their throat. "Boy. That's quite the reaction. Wonder how she will react when we remind her that contestants get an extra $100,000 per piece of suit you still have on."
Arrow tossed two significantly larger suitcases at Maya, who caught them and stumbled over backwards onto the padded floor under their weight. She took a deep breath and yelled, "FUCK YEAAAAAAAAA-"
Arrow clicked their remote, and the victorious screaming got a lot quieter. "Luckily, I also control the contestant's microphones. Oh, and $100k for you, Lilith. Congrats- you've earned over half a million dollars over these past two seasons!"
Lilith beamed. "Excellent! Isabelle, we did it! My college loans are TOAST!"
Isabelle was still squirming around, trying to focus on the stimulation in her nether regions. "A-ahhh... c-congratulations... I... mmmmh...!"
Lilith grinned. "Hey, babe... your cute girlfriend just won a ton of money, you know? What's got you so distracted, hmmmm?"
Isabelle gasped and moaned at the sound of her girlfriend's voice. "Uhhn... I'm... I'm gonna cuuuuum... I'm happy for you, but... ahhh! Ahhh, oh god...!"
Isabelle began fingering herself as she had a huge orgasm in front of the crowd.
Lilith smiled. "Hey, now, Isabelle, why are you masturbating? We can do that together once we get home... I recently put a down payment on a house for us using some savings, just like you always dreamed of, so we can sleep together every single night... no need to rush, you know?"
Isabelle's eyes widened. "W-what...?"
Lilith walked up to her and kissed her on the cheek. "Happy birthday, babe."
Arrow smiled. "What a lovely couple, folks! Congrats on your new home! I'm sure you'll be enjoying your house very much. Especially the bedroom," Arrow said, winking. The audience laughed and whistled.
Lilith turned to Arrow. "And the special rewards/punishments that the viewers vote on?"
Arrow cleared their throat. "Yes. Since not everyone is naked, you don't get the jackpot reward- instead, the viewers vote on which contestant is the biggest slut! Based on the rankings, we will be giving first and last place some special treatment. Commence the voting! Everyone, click a number on your remote! 1 for Lilith, 2 for Isabelle, 3 for Pup, and 4 for Maya!"
The contestants waited with bated breath as the votes came in. Lilith was, of course, familiar with the punishment for the most prudish contestant, having been subjected to it herself. Double the prize money, a full week of intense public nudity and humiliation, and being forced to participate in the next season of the show. She hoped that she wouldn't be picked for it again, as fun as Strip-Off was. She had a house to move into, after all.
After ten minutes had passed, Arrow called out: "Time is up! The rankings will be posted on screen shortly!"
The results showed up on the screen:
Sluttiness Rankings: Pup Lilith Nightowl Isabelle Grey Maya Tauros
Maya paled. "Ah..."
Lilith sighed in relief. "Phew! I mean, obviously, I'm a lot less prudish after the previous season, and dominating my cute girlfriend here obviously made a difference, personality-wise..."
Maya sighed. "I guess this was a given. I mean, Pup here is the biggest, sluttiest bitch I've ever seen, Lilith is sexy and evil as hell, and Isabelle ended up showing off a lot thanks to her girlfriend..."
Arrow turned to Pup. "Let's punish our resident Pup first. Get up on the X, please!"
Two toned men in black wheeled out an X-frame and helped Pup get strapped into it. She was blushing and panting in anticipation.
The men held up some vibrators. Arrow grinned. "Alright, Pup. You need to get through ten minutes of these fellas tormenting you without cumming. If you do, you get fifty grand- otherwise, you lose it all! Ready, set, GO!"
Pup gasped as the men pressed the vibrators up to her nipples. She squirmed in her bindings, whining and panting as love juice began to drip onto the floor through her moist slit.
"Aaah! Ah! Ah! Please... I'm so wet, someone...! Ahhh, woof, woof, I'm such a horny whore, I'm a bitch in heat, I want cock so badly right now...!"
The men continued to torment her by bringing the vibrators lower and lower, closer and closer to her womanly flower, and then retracting, leaving her to beg for more despite the fact that she was supposed to be resisting them.
Arrow chuckled. "Someone has to learn some discipline. Anyways..."
Arrow turned to Maya, who was frozen solid with tension.
"Someone ELSE has to learn to loosen up a little! Maya, you have a choice to make. Either you can spend the next week naked, wearing five sex toys from our collection, double your prize money and subsequently participate in the next season of our show... OR you can say the safe word and forfeit all your prize money."
Maya mumbled, "Fine, I'll take the deal."
Arrow cupped a hand to their ear. "Sorry, what was that?"
Maya sighed. "I... I'll take the deal, okay!? Geez..."
Lilith grinned mischievously. "Hey, come on, you sound so reluctant... say it like you mean it!"
Maya took in a deep breath. "I... I want to be stripped naked in front of an audience and forced to wear sex toys for a week, and participate on the next season of Strip-Off! Please just take my clothes off already, I'm ready..." She began to blush deeply, suddenly aware of what she was saying.
Arrow shrugged, clicking the remote twice. Maya's remaining suit pieces fell away, revealing her huge breasts and curvaceous booty. She covered herself up a bit, but her large frame made it so that her arms didn't really cover much. The crowd cheered and whistled as Maya fumed a bit and shyly mumbled curses under her breath.
Arrow laughed. "Hey, come on, you can speak up! The audience LOVES your sass, you know- it's charming! Come on, don't be shy!"
Maya's voice got slightly louder, but not by much. "Fine... Let's just get this over with. Everyone's gonna see anyway..."
She put her hands behind her head, and spun around a bit for the audience to see. Her boobs bounced as her hair flew around her body, the light from the spotlight highlighting her dark, naked curves.
Arrow brought out the table full of sex toys. "Pick five. You'll be wearing them all week- remember, you'll be on display in the showroom while wearing these!"
Maya took a while browsing the toys, occasionally even trying them out- touching a vibrator to her hand only to quickly pull it away, feeling the material of a certain strap or chain, etc. Finally, she decided on a body pen for writing humiliating phrases on her body, an irritating enema, some burst pods filled with white fluid to be carried in her pussy at all times, a ring gag, and a diuretic pill.
Arrow asked her why she chose those toys specifically. Maya blushed. "Well, I... sort of have a cumslut fetish... I always fantasized about being covered in fluid and acting like a slut in public... but my ex was sort of disgusted by that sort of thing..."
Suddenly, a timer buzzed- Pup's punishment was up.
Arrow smiled. "Congrats, Pup, that's another fifty grand for you! All contestants besides Maya can go get changed and leave whenever they want. Maya, these lovely gents will help you put on all your sex toys..."
A bit later, the contestants all reconvened. Lilith, Pup, and Isabelle were all dressed in their normal clothes, but Maya was naked, squatting on the floor with her tongue sticking out. She had dirty words written all over her body in marker- "Cumslut", "Fuck Me", "Dumb Whore", etc. She was covered in sweat, and some other fluids, at her request. Fluid dripped out of both of her holes, pooling on the ground.
Maya sighed in pleasure. "Ahh... mmm... I need to pee... I'm gonna pee in public, right on the floor... I'm such a dirty slut..."
Arrow winked at the camera. "That's it for this season of Strip-Off! You can come see Maya here in the showroom from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, so long as you behave!"