No matter how many times it happened, I still couldn't believe my luck. Watching this tall, sexy woman sliding her sexy lips up and down my hard cock while I lay back on a blanket in the hot sun was beyond my wildest dreams. The added bonus of watching her large breasts swaying unencumbered by clothing, and her spare hand jammed down the front of her bikini bottoms was almost more than I could take. Cumming in her mouth was always a definite possibility, but I had reached a point where, more than anything, I wanted to pull those skimpy bottoms off and fuck her brains out. Hoping that she would be as loud as she usually is, and maybe attract an audience...
***
I had met Becky about a year and a half ago, finding her online via a dating site. While there had been an instant attraction via messages traded back and forth, neither one of us had really put much work into photos for our profiles so there was this feeling of anticipation when we finally first met to actually see what the other really looked like. Needless to say, I was completely blown away and it was all I could do to not want to strip her naked and fuck her in the parking lot. Sadly, Canadian winter prevented this but not before a short but intense parking lot makeout session ensued.
Subsequent days led to a great deal more physical and mental interaction, but circumstances kept us apart a great deal over the ensuing 6 months before things really started to kick into high gear. Regular date nights, dinners, and mind-blowing sex made the summer incredible, especially once we realized a mutual love of the opportunities that the warm summer weather afforded. More than once I would catch glimpses of Becky wearing nothing under her dress as we sat on my balcony, and a few memorable occasions led to blowjobs and sex there late at night, in full view of the courtyard outside my building.
It was the beach that really took things to the next level when it came to our sex tourism. Just north of the city we live in is an unofficial clothing optional beach that I really wanted to take her to, and had brought it up in conversation a couple of times. Becky had indicated interest in going to check it out, but insisted that she couldn't commit to taking off her clothing there. I was overjoyed that she was willing to check it out, any additional nudity on her part would be exciting but even just having her there was getting me worked up.
Our first trip there was beautiful, where we soaked up the atmosphere and lounged in the hot sun. True to her word, Becky didn't strip down past her sexy little bikini, although she encouraged me to do whatever I wanted. I spent the afternoon naked with her, just reveling in the laid back atmosphere of relaxed naked people and a ukulele (it's a long story).
Our next trips to the beach ramped things up considerably, as Becky had some surprises for me. When we first arrived, Becky slid out of her coverup to reveal a new bikini with very sexy bottoms: a very form fitting Brazilian cut that showed off at least half of her sexy, curvy ass. I literally could not stop looking at her while we lay on a big towel in the middle of the beach. We talked for hours, having drinks and sandwiches on the beach while Becky revealed her next surprise. Suddenly, she reached behind her and undid her top, letting her large breasts spill out onto the towel while she stayed on her stomach. Seeing her suddenly uncovered sent a surge of arousal through me, which doubled when she eventually rolled onto her back to give everyone a full view of her perky boobs and very prominent nipples. For the next little while, I could think of nothing else but how much I wanted to take this beautiful woman somewhere and fuck her brains out, and how long the drive back would be before I could do that.
That's when the best surprise of all happened: Becky mischievously suggested that we could take a walk down the paths into the woods. I immediately grabbed a towel and joined her on a little walk down the shoreline before we turned into the woods. Away from the water the sun felt twice as hot, and we found a little clearing just off the path that was not in use by any sun worshippers. Almost immediately, Becky dropped to her knees in front of me and began sucking slowly on my cock, getting me rock hard as she worked me in and out of her hot mouth. The fact that people were walking by on the path less than 20 feet away just added to the level of excitement. She bobbed her head up and down, getting my cock slippery and wet, one hand wrapped around the base of my cock while the other slid down her body and started rubbing the front of her little bikini bottoms. I was so turned on that my body just began running on autopilot. I pushed her down onto the towel we had brought, pulled sharply on the ties on either side of her bikini, and pulled her bathing suit bottoms completely off, revealing her beautifully wet pussy glistening in the sun. I rubbed my hard cock up and down her soft shaved lips, then slowly pushed myself inside her. She was soaking wet and hotter than the sun. I was completely lost in lust for her, promising I would keep an eye out for people approaching but not really caring at that point if the entire beach came to watch.
I slid slowly in and out of her, reveling in her sexy naked body glowing in the sun. I began fucking her harder and harder as she bit her lip in a attempt to be completely quiet and not attract an audience. It became harder and harder to worry about anything but fucking her as hard as I could, and I doubt that either of us were completely quiet. It was one of the most intense sexually experiences of my life, and miraculously I lasted longer than a minute or two. When I finally came hard inside her, kissing her passionately, I knew that this was something we would have to do again and again. And despite my less that diligent lookout performance, we did not attract an audience that day, even though several people walked right by on the path closest to us.
The rest of that summer was a blur of beach trips and new experiences. Our following visit brought about a quicker loss of bikini top, and a repeat visit to "our" clearing for another round of very hot and slightly louder sex, as we both began to lose our inhibitions about such public sex. The next time there our clearing was in use, and there were too many people walking about, but we did get to watch two attractive older women give a man a blowjob, standing less than 10 feet away from there while they traded his hard cock back and forth between them. Becky was shy about watching at first, but a little push kept her nice and close.
Our last visit of the year did not lead to any sex either, but we got to be voyeurs as we watched 4 other couples play on the same stretch of beach we were on. We even watched a woman getting fucked from behind by her husband when a single man walked up, watched for a bit, then moved over and stuck his cock into her mouth. We had front row seats to an orgy and it was everything I could do to not just rip Becky's bathing suit off and fuck her in front of 20 people. Unfortunately, we were sitting right in the middle of a large beach area, with no privacy and I could tell that that was a step too far for that point.
The winter was spent talking about many beach fantasies while we fucked over and over, discussing all the naughty things we could do at the beach the next summer, and what could have happened on our beach trips. I even bought a beach tent that could give us shelter from some of the strong winds that often occurred there, and maybe some slight privacy from others should we want to play on the beach a little. It was open on three sides, with one solid wall to block the wind and a canopy to protect us from the sun. Needless to say, I was very excited to put the tent to use and hoped that the weather would cooperate with an early season beach day.
***
The weather where we live can be rather unpredictable, so the residents are used to taking advantage of the rare early seasons beach day when they can. When the forecast for the weekend finally showed temperatures in the mid 20s and nothing but sun, I knew that we had to go. Neither one of us had out kids that weekend, so it was the perfect time. Becky jumped at the chance when I suggested it, hinting that she was just as eager as I was for this opportunity.
We arrived at the beach, loaded up our bags and the tent, and began the walk down the shoreline to the nude area. Arriving there, we noticed immediately that not many people were taking advantage of the suddenly warm weather, as we could only see 5 or 6 people on the first stretch of beach. Deciding that we would push on farther, we continued around the corner and headed down the paths toward the far stretch of beach, wondering if we could find some privacy there with so few people around.
Sure enough, there was only one couple on the entire section of beach, and they were toward the close end. They were both completely naked, stretched out on their beach blanket and enjoying drinks in the hot sun. We all gave each other a polite nod as we walked past, subtly checking each other out as we continued to the very back corner of the beach. Setting up the beach tent, angled correctly, should give us complete privacy from them and maybe allow us the opportunity for some fun. We were sheltered by the woods on two sides, open only to the beach in front of us and the water past that.
One of my favorite things about going to the beach with Becky had been watching her get undressed. Each time we had gone things had moved at a different pace, and I was never sure what she would be wearing or how quickly she would lose her top. The anticipation made watching her strip down extremely sexy, and I eagerly kept an eye on her as I pulled off my shirt and began undoing the strings on my bathing suit. Becky pulled off her sarong that she had tied around her waist, revealing an extremely sexy green thong that she had bought the previous fall but had not yet worn in public. It looked incredible on her, molding itself perfectly to her body and showing off almost every inch of her delectable ass. I had to force myself to continue getting undressed so that I wasn't just standing there staring. Her tshirt came off next, revealing that matching top the struggled to contain her breasts, and did little to hide her large nipples.
Unlike our previous visit, Becky didn't immediately take off her bikini top as we applied sunscreen and settled onto our blanket. The beach tent was doing its job perfectly, allowing us a beautiful view of the water but blocking us from the other couple just down the beach from us. From our vantage point, it was as if no one else existed. We were just two people having cocktails in the hot sun on a deserted beach, able to do whatever we wanted. For the next hour, we drank and laughed and flirted with each other in a way that always felt so natural between us, feeling the sexual energy build.
Becky suddenly reached her hand behind her, slowly pulling on the knot the held her top in place. With her mischievous grin, she looked straight at me as her breasts came free, pulling her top away and tossing it next to her on the towel. I could do nothing but stare for a moment, then leaned close and ran my tongue quickly over her closest nipple, feeling it harden under my touch.
"You are such a tease," she murmured.
"I can't help it, there is something about the beach and your breasts that just make me not be able to resist."
Our eyes locked and I could feel myself cock getting longer and harder as I leaned in again, my mouth latching onto her nipple again as I sucked harder on it, then pinched it lightly between my teeth. She gasped and ran her hands through my hair, pulling me closer to her.
"You are so bad," she said.
I reached one hand up and ran it lightly down the side of her body, from the side of her breast to her hip where only a small string kept her from being completely revealed to me. Her skin felt so hot in the sun, magnifying the feeling of her under my fingers. I could feel her start to writhe very gently as my touch made her arousal build.
Without warning she pulled away from me, glancing around at our surroundings, then slid her hand down my body and wrapped her hand around my nearly hard cock.
"I can be bad too."
She leaned forward as I lay back onto our blanket, her soft lips just touching the end of my cock, pressing them against the tip but not yet taking me into her mouth. My cock became rock hard in an instant, knowing that we were out in the open, protected only by the wall of our tent. Her eyes locked with mine as she opened her mouth wider, then slid her lips halfway down my shaft. I groaned softly, not wanting to attract immediate attention by being too loud. Her lips worked slowly up and down, my cock impossibly hard. I could feel her arousal as I pulled her hair away from her face, giving me a perfect view. She moaned around my cock as my hands pushed her lightly down against me, forcing more and more into her mouth until her lips were nearly all the way down. She pulled away quickly, gasped for air, and then took me deep again as I moaned again, this time a little louder.
Her one hand moved up and wrapped itself around the base of my cock, moving back and forth in a twisting motion as her lips moved up and down. She suddenly gave a soft moan that was mostly muffled by my throbbing cock in her mouth and I knew that she was using her other hand to touch herself. She knew how much I loved watching her touch herself and now she did it at every opportunity to get us both turned on. I could see her fingers pressing on the outside of the thin fabric of her bottoms, pushing it against her and she continued to suck me.
I was about to reach down and pull at the strings on her hips to strip off her bottoms and ram my cock into her undoubtedly wet pussy when I heard the sounds of conversation getting louder. Knowing that people were approaching, Becky pulled her mouth away and lay back onto the blanket next to me, leaving my hard wet cock sticking straight up into the air. I rolled slightly onto my side toward her to not make it completely obvious just as another couple walked onto the visible stretch of beach in front of us. They were fully dressed and carrying a number of bags and a beach umbrella, obviously just arriving at the beach for the day.
"I could have used another 5 or 10 minutes," I said, with a mischievous laugh. "Then I likely wouldn't have been able to stop."
Becky grinned at me, "You were never the most reliable lookout, it's a good thing we heard them or they would have gotten a full show before you said anything."
We both turned out attention to the new couple, waiting to see if they were going to set up in our view or give us our privacy back. They were both looking up and down the beach, obviously in quiet discussion about where they should set up their gear. They glanced over at us a few times, and I wondered if they noticed my still hard, glistening cock that had just been in Becky's mouth. Suddenly, the female half of the couple strode up the beach right to the edge of the brush, looking about for a clear spot of sand without twigs or branches on it. Not immediately finding anything suitable, she walked closer to us along the edge until they were only about 15 feet away. With one more subtle glance at us, she dropped her bags to the sand and began unpacking.
"I guess the beach tent isn't a magic tent," I said with a small sigh. "I was hoping for a little more privacy."
"I'm sure we could go for a little walk later and find some, if you wanted to play some checkers later."
I grinned and lay back on the blanket, my cock now returned to a state where it was not obscenely sticking straight up. The couple had spread out a large blanket, and set up their umbrella to shelter them slightly from the moderate breeze, still leaving a full view from our direction. They looked to be in their mid 30s or so, reasonably fit and athletic. He immediately pulled off his shirt and dropped his shorts to the ground with the manner of someone not new to nude beaches, but she undressed much more slowly. She was wearing a sundress that she slowly untied from around her neck, then pushed gently down her body to reveal a smallish brightly colored bikini. With another slight glance toward us, she lay down onto their blanket and began settling in, clearly not stripping down any further at this point.
I returned my attention to Becky as we adjusted to the idea that our playtime was at least temporarily on hold. I resigned myself to the idea that perhaps they wouldn't stay as long as us, or that a walk to our clearing might be in order in a little while.
I got up and poured both of us another drink, a beer for me and rose for Becky. We both found having cocktails on the nude beach was a wonderfully decadent experience, and we always brought a cooler bag full when we came here. We lost ourselves in conversation, as time leaped forward on us as it was wont to do. We were both sitting on the blanket half facing each other, talking about everything and anything that came to mind. Becky was turned so that she could only see me and the woods behind us, but I could see past her to just barely be able to see the other couple. Some sudden motion of brightly coloured fabric grabbed my attention.
"Hmm. It seems our neighbours are feeling a little frisky. She just leaned over and started sucking his cock," I said.
"Really? Right in front of us?" Becky exclaimed.
"Yep, take a look."
Becky slowly turned her head until she could see the woman, still dressed in her bikini, leaning over and bobbing her head up and down on her man's cock. From our viewpoint we could see everything, she was facing our direction as she leaned over his prone form. Her lips worked their way slowly up and down, her attention focused on him alone. His cock grew rapidly as she sucked him, until he was rock hard and she could no longer make it all the way down his shaft. His hands started running though her long brown hair, holding it out of the way so it didn't impede his view.
"It's strange that she seems to shy to take off her bikini, but not too shy to suck his cock in front of us," I said quietly. "Maybe she just got carried up in the moment..."
"That sometimes happens to us," Becky said with a grin, her eyes focused on the amorous couple but one hand lazily tracing circles around an erect nipple.
I watched her for a moment until I saw her eyes suddenly widen slightly, making me turn by gaze back to the couple. A lot had changed in a short while, as she had stopped sucking his cock and had climbed up onto him and was now grinding herself up and down the length of his sizable cock. Our view of her was mostly in side profile, so we could see her sliding herself up and down but could no longer really see exactly what his cock was doing. Neither of them was even looking in our direction, so I felt pretty comfortable continuing to watch. And really, it didn't seem like they were very shy.
My eyes flicked over to Becky again, and saw that she was leaning back onto the blanket, one hand still lazily tracing circles around a very hard nipple while the other hand had slid into her bikini bottoms and was moving gently back and forth. I was now faced with the wonderful dilemma of whether to watch the live sex show in front of us or the sexy woman immediately next to me doing one of my favorite things.
My cock began to harden as I experienced this sensory overload. I dropped one hand down and began very slowly stroking myself, watching Becky play while she watched the couple. She brought her hand back up, licked her fingers while staring into my eyes, then slid her fingers back inside her bikini. A small moan escaped her lips as her fingers went back to work. With some effort, I turned my head back to the exhibitionist couple.
The girl was reaching up behind her neck, pulling at the ties of her bikini top, letting it drop down onto his chest. Her breasts spilled free, swinging freely back and forth as she continued to grind herself against him, her head hanging forward and her hair covering her face. Almost immediately, his hands moved to the ties at her hips, slowly pulling at them until the ties on both sides popped simultaneously and her bottoms loosened their grip on her. With an almost casual movement she grabbed the front of them and pulled them steadily out from between them, dropping them onto the blanket.
Suddenly, she raised herself up, reached between her legs, and adjusted his position under her. Her head came up, flipping her long hair back over her head, and turned her head toward us. Our eyes met and she settled slowly back down onto him, her mouth open as a long and steady moan escaped her lips. His hands came up to grab her hips and pull her tight against him, clearly now lodged firmly inside of her. She started rhythmically riding him up and down, her gaze now firmly set in our direction as she fucked him in front of us.
I noticed that our new friend was no longer making eye contact with me, instead looking to my immediate left. Forcing my gaze in that direction, I saw that Becky had her entire hand into her bikini and was vigorously playing with herself while the couple watched. With a mischievous glance at me, she smiled and kept watching the other couple, moans escaping her lips as she worked her pussy with renewed energy.
My brain no longer functioning properly, my left hand reached out and caught the tie on Becky's hip, pulling it in one sharp jerk to undo her bikini. She looked over at me, questions clearly forming on her face.
"It's not fair to just watch them fuck while we keep covered up is it?" I said. "Besides, I want to watch you play with yourself."
"Oh my god, I am so fucking turned on right now, I am so wet," Becky said.
"I want to feel how wet you are." I reached over with my right hand, letting go of my very hard cock, and slid my fingers into her slightly askew bikini, feeling her wetness. My fingers paused briefly as they slid past hers, then dipped ever so slightly inside of her, feeling her quiver as they penetrated her.
"You are so fucking wet, I am so fucking turned on right now," I said. "I want you so badly".
I threw caution to the wind as I reached across her, awkwardly grabbed the other tie, and pulled it loose. Her sexy bottoms dropped away from her, completely revealing her beautiful pussy. Becky always kept herself very well groomed, but occasionally she would shave herself bare as a treat for me. Today was one of those lucky days, and her completely smooth lips glistened in the hot sun, clearly wet from excitement. Her fingers were moving back and forth, playing with herself, getting me worked up.
Unable to resist any longer, I lurched to my knees beside her, grasped my rock hard cock, and trust it toward her slightly open mouth. With only a slight hesitation, she glanced toward our exhibitionists, then leaned toward me and took the head of my cock into her mouth, sealing her lips around me. I groaned loudly, watching Becky slowly slide her lips up and down the head of my cock. She moaned around my cock as her fingers continued to work their magic on her. I began to completely lose myself in the sensations, almost forgetting about the couple only fifteen feet away.
Becky began to work my cock more feverishly as I ran my hands through her hair and pulled her farther down onto it. It was only when I glanced up, wishing there was a mirror so that I could watch Becky blow me. I noticed our couple had now changed position. She was now on her hands and knees facing us while he fucked her energetically from behind. She dropped down to her elbows closer to the sand, feeling him penetrate her deeply, but her eyes never wavered from us as we continued to put on our own show, visible only to them.
Becky's legs we now spread to full width as she put herself completely on display for them, her playing with herself now becoming audible to me as she became wetter and wetter. I could see her fingers were glistening as they worked at her sex, and I could feel my cock swell even further in her mouth. I was now pushing myself over and over to the back of her throat, and could feel myself getting closer to exploding.
"I have to fuck you before I cum," I stated.
I pushed her down on the blanket, sliding quickly between her legs and sliding my cock into her in one long thrust. She was so wet that I easily buried myself in her, grinding our pubic bones together momentarily before pulling back then ramming into her again. I pushed her legs up into her chest, seeking deeper penetration as I fucked her hard and fast. I barely considered what view we were giving the couple, who likely could see mostly my ass and back but probably also a good view of my cock sliding in and out of Becky's wet pussy as I spread her legs.
"Oh Ace...Ace. Fuck me, just like that," Becky whispered as I pounded her over and over. I tried to hold back, but I knew that I was rapidly reaching the point of no return.
Becky continued to moan and writhe around on the blanket as I fucked her harder and harder. I was completely lost to my surroundings as I focused all my energy on her. I briefly thought of pulling out and cumming all over her beautiful tits, but realized I didn't have close to enough willpower to stop burying myself inside of her.
With a loud groan I pushed myself inside her hard, exploding inside her for what felt like minutes. I slowed the speed of my thrusts, feeling pulse after pulse jetting into her.
"That's it, cum inside me, I love it!" Becky said, much louder than she likely intended to. "I love when you fuck me!"
I slowly ground myself against her, coming down from the high and feeling the sweat dripping off our bodies. My breath was rapid, and I felt almost dizzy. Reluctantly, I pulled my softening penis out of her, and fell off the side, flopping onto my back on the blanket beside her.
"Sex cardio," I whispered.
Becky giggled, and leaned in to kiss my lips.
"I love you," she said. "And I love when you make me be bad."
"I love you too. So much."
I turned my attention back to our audience...