I was surprised he opened the door so fast after I knocked. He was smiling kindly - not a lecherous smile – not the smile of a man who’d seen me stand in front of him shamelessly with my skirt pulled up and my panties pulled down. Not the smile of a man who’d seen me play with my pussy and give him a hand job in a dressing room. And surely, not the smile of a man that licked his spent cum up from my belly - but the warm smile of a good and trusted friend.
“Come in, come in!” He said. Opening the door wide and reaching for my overnight bag at the same time.
I thought for a moment I might turn in fear and run back to my car, but his inviting smile and the fact that he seemed so at ease – so normal – made it easy to take the next few steps through his front door into his entry way. I shuttered as the door closed behind me, partly because of the unknown that awaited me, and partly due to the wetness that was so evident to me in my panties.
“Any trouble getting here?” He asked. “Come on,” he said, urging me into his living room, and setting my small overnight bag next to the stairs, “let me show you around.”
Jay reached out to me, took my hand in his and gave me a tour of his nice home. We went into each room and he talked casually about the house and some of the furnishings. He took me into his den, or his office as he called it, and it was filled with books and pictures and trophies. Across the hall there was a big, formal bathroom with a double sink, shower, tiled floor and lots of mirrors. We stopped there briefly so I could peek in.
What caught my eye in the bathroom was the large stack of immaculately folded fluffy towels and washcloths sitting on top of the vanity. They looked curiously out of place, and I wondered why someone would need this many towels and washcloths. Before my mind could go any further, Jay lightly tugged on my hand and talked casually as we walked back toward the front of the house.
We turned a corner and there were some stairs leading down. “The basement?” I asked, as I began to take a step down.
“Yes, sort of. Actually, it’s a play room.” Jay said, matter of factly, “But, I’d prefer we stay up here for now. That’s for later, Sally.”
I turned to look at Jay, and I detected something different in his eyes, something different and inconsistent from his gentle way – something secretive. I started to ask him what was down there, but he tugged on my hand again and led me back toward his living room simply saying, “Let’s talk upstairs.”
I knew from the way he said it there was something down there he didn’t want me to see. From the brief glimpse I got looking down past the plush carpeted stairs and thick wooden hand rail, the room looked large and well lighted – perhaps it was his ‘man cave’. But, before my brain could take it any further, he’d deftly reached down and picked up my overnight bag and then before I knew it, we were standing in the upstairs hallway, and he’d stopped. Jay reached out and took hold of my other hand so that he was holding both of them, slowly raised both together and lightly kissed them the way a knight would kiss the hand of his queen.
He nodded to a room at the end of the hall saying, “That’s the master bed room. You’ll see that later.” Then, gesturing to the closed door to the right of us he said, “This used to be my daughter’s room, Sally.” Then looking to his left he said, “and this used to be her bathroom. But, for now and until you leave, these two rooms will be yours. You won’t be disturbed by anyone in either of these rooms. You and I will be the only ones on this floor of the house.”
“Go ahead,” he said, leaning us toward his daughter’s bedroom door, “open it. Let’s go in and talk.”
Jay wasn’t giving me time to put any of this together. My mind was still thinking about the unusual stack of towels in the bathroom downstairs, and his secretive play room. My heart was beginning to thump and I felt the palms of my hands starting to sweat, and as he nodded at me to open the door next to us, I noticed a ‘look’ in eyes – the same look he had in the changing room that day when I stood in front of him and pushed my panties down to my knees.
Carefully, like it was a delicate piece of crystal, I reached out and turned the door knob and pushed the door open. Then, feeling his hand on my waist and a slight push urging me forward, I walked into the room. As he said, there was no mistaking this as a girl’s bedroom. The walls were bright pink and there was a satiny border running along the molding at the top of the walls.
Jay gently laid my bag at the end of the large bed and sat next to it. “Here,” he said, patting the bed next to him, “sit down and let’s talk for a while.”
“Everything in here, and in the bathroom,” Jay began, “is completely at your disposal, Sally. Everything you need is up here, so there’s no need to go downstairs. When the time comes, I’ll come and get you and when we’re done, I’ll bring you right back to this room.”
“Jay,” I gracefully interrupted, “what’s going to happen to me tonight?” I asked.
“Let me get to that in a minute.” He answered. “But first, let’s cover a few other odds and ends, okay?”
I didn’t answer, and, he didn’t wait for me to agree. Instead, he smiled and took my hand in his and looked at me. “There’s no need to be frightened, Sally.” He said. “If you had any idea of the effort I went to in order to make this evening wonderful for you, I’m sure you’d be impressed. But, we’ll talk more about that in a while.”
“So, tell me,” Jay continued, “did you bring the things I asked you to bring in my email?”
“Uh huh.” I answered softly.
“And the things I asked you to do Wednesday, Thursday and today?” He added. “The waxing and the diet changes?” My mind immediately went back to his emails from the previous week. There were several things he wanted me to bring with me, but, wouldn’t tell me why, and there were things I was supposed to do on Wednesday and Thursday.
First, I was supposed to have a complete bikini wax done on Wednesday. Actually, what he specifically asked for was what they call the “Sphinx”. I’d heard the term before, and I knew it was a type of hair removal waxing, but, I wasn’t really sure what he was talking about until I started calling around to make an appointment. I found that some salons don’t do the ‘Sphinx’ – the complete hair removal ‘down there’. This kind of hair removal is not just the bikini area and the labia, but, it also includes around the back, the buttocks, and between the butt cheeks. Yeah, everything. It’s a complete hair removal. They don’t leave one follicle of hair anywhere between your waist and the top of your legs.
Now, I’ve have a bikini and a leg wax before, so I knew what to expect there. And, I’d heard some of the girls at work talk about a ‘complete’ wax job and even read about it in a magazine, but I never gave it much thought. And, I was doing fine with it until I stopped to think about the positions I was going to be in for them to remove all the little hairs that normally grow below the vagina and back up to the anus. Jay, in his instructions didn’t allow for any discussion or bartering here at all. His email said: “On Wednesday, I want you to have a complete bikini wax, Sally. Tell them you want a ‘Sphinx’. Make sure you do it on Wednesday – no earlier and no later.”
And so, I mustered up all my courage and made the appointment. When it was over, I felt like I’d been so exposed – so utterly open – that by the time the woman was done, I felt like she’d seen more of my private places than any doctor or lover had ever seen.
Honestly, though, when I got home and looked at myself down there with a mirror, that’s when it turned sexual for me. I remember when I exposed myself to Jay in the changing room – and I recalled how I felt with the little growth I had then. Even though I was naked and exposed, I knew he couldn’t see between my legs clearly. The pubic hair I had gave me some protection, but now, everything was perfectly bare. My vagina was completely hairless, and all the way up the back, too.
When I ran my hands over my skin, and down between my butt cheeks, I was amazed at the way my skin felt. It was absolutely devoid of any hair what so ever. It was perfectly smooth – no tiny red bumps from shaving, not even any peach fuzz on my butt cheeks and my skin was excitingly smooth. I thought about why Jay asked me to get the waxing, and obviously, it was because it would leave me completely exposed – completely bare and uncovered and I was wet beyond belief when I thought about how naked I really looked.
That thought alone tempted me to masturbate, but, Jay had been quite clear on that in several of his emails, telling me time after time I mustn’t touch myself, and so, I didn’t.
Then on Wednesday night, I was to begin a diet which he purposely laid out, beginning that night. Again, he didn’t tell me why – he just said I should do it. It wasn’t so much what I could or couldn’t drink, but more what he wanted me to eat. This, I did, too.
He told me to get to bed early on Thursday night, which I did, even though I couldn’t sleep right away. He told me to shave my legs before noon on Friday. I ate what he prescribed on Friday afternoon and again at about 3:00 PM.
“Yes,” I answered, “I followed your emails to the letter, Jay.”
“Good.” He replied. “I’m pleased, Sally.” Then, Jay pulled my hand gently, coaxing me to stand, and pulled me so I was facing him directly.
“I just need to check things.” He said. “I’m sorry to have to do this,” Jay added apologetically, while he looked up at me with his gentle smile, “it’s not that I don’t trust you. I just need to make sure.”
I stood there for a moment trying to figure out what he was talking about when he asked, “Can you lift your dress, please?”
I looked down into his eyes, questioning what I’d heard. “Please.” He said. “Just lift your dress for me. Hold it up above your waist. This will only take a second.”
“Okay.” I said to myself. “Here we go. It’s starting.”
I reached down to the hem of my sundress and pulled it up. As I did so, I felt the rush of heat and blood to my cheeks and neck as I was filled with embarrassment to be lifting my dress in front of a man.
“More, Sally.” Jay said softly.
Looking down, I could see why he asked. Even though I held the hem of my dress above my waist, the front of the dress was still covering me. So, I reached down with one hand, and then the other, to gather up all the material in my hands and held it up, knowing my panties were in full view.
“Just a little higher, Sally.” He said, smiling up at me patiently. “Almost there. I want all of your dress completely up over your waist. Front and back. Can you do that for me?”
I nodded my head and reached down again, gathering the entire expanse of material, front and back, in my arms and held it up. I knew it was what he wanted when his eyes drifted down to my panties and then leaned his head around to the look behind me.
“Just stay still, now.” Jay said, and then added, “I apologize for having to do this.”
I watched as Jay’s hands reached out to my hips and ran his hands up and down, from my waist to the top of my legs. “You’re so beautiful, my dear.” Jay said softly. “Do you know that? You probably don’t know how cute you look right now, Sally. And, this is such a good way to see you, with you holding your dress up showing me your panties. But, you know what I need to do next, don’t you?”
Gawd, my head was swimming. My heart was thumping and I could feel my wetness growing down there. Yes, of course I knew! I was standing there with my dress pulled up, for heaven’s sake! This was so embarrassing.
“Yes.” I said, barely managing to answer him.
“Okay.” Jay said, looking up at me. “Tell me. What do I need to do next?”
I had to clear my throat in order to answer him, but even after I did, it was still hard to say anything. “You need to make sure I got waxed.” I replied.
“That’s right.” He said. “Again, it’s not that I don’t trust you, but, it’s important for me to know how well you followed my instructions. And for me to know that, I’m going to have to lower your panties to your knees and have a look. You don’t mind do you, Sally?”
I couldn’t speak. My throat was so choked up, and I could feel the heat of my embarrassment behind my eyes now, and I knew I was flushing and blushing beet red. All I could do is nod my head, and when I did, he patted my butt cheek sweetly and gave me a reassuring look.
Then, focusing his eyes on my panties, he put his fingers in the waistband of my panties and looked up at me. “You’re sure it’s okay for me to lower your panties, Sally? You can always back out. I’m going to have to touch you, you know. I’m going to have to feel you down there, and, uh, back there, too. Are you sure you want me to do that?”
I could barely stand this, the way he was drawing this out, the way he was expertly bringing me to a boil. Jay knew damn well what he was doing, and he was successful, too. I knew I was wet down there and I knew he’d see it and feel it. There was no way I could hide my excitement, either – once his fingers felt between my lips, he’d feel my wetness and instantly know I’d do anything for him.
“Yes.” I mumbled to Jay. “I want you to take my panties down and check me.”
“Very well, then.” Jay said, turning his attention back to the panties that covered my totally hairless crotch. Then, without looking up at me, he added, “Don’t look away, my dear. I want you to watch what I’m doing. I want you to remember this forever, and I want you to be proud of your courage.”
I felt the tug on my hips as his fingers started to pull my panties down my hips. I bent forward slightly so I could see over the dress material that was bunched up around my chest, and I watched him as he slowly lowered my panties, inch by agonizing inch.
He stopped just as a hint of the slit between my lips appeared, and Jay ran his fingers sideways across my mound. “Oh, Sally.” He gasped. “I never imagined you would feel this smooth or this good.”
He looked up at me and his eyes were like dancing lights as she smiled broadly. “Did you feel how perfect it is?” Jay asked.
“Uh huh.” I answered.
“Does it all feel like this?” He asked me.
“Uh huh,” I replied, “front and back.”
His gaze returned to my mound and he continued to look at me as he ran his fingers over my pussy. Then, he surprised me by leaning in and rubbing his nose over my skin, and then using his cheek, he skimmed all the way across my pubic mound and back to the center.
“I can smell your arousal, my sweet.” Jay said, looking up at me. Then grinning, he continued, saying, “You’re going to have so much fun tonight, Sally. I promise you that. If you have the courage, and if you can trust me, this will be a night you’ll never forget as long as you live.”
Shivers went up my spine as he spoke. I was already having fun; this was working so beautifully for me already – everything he was doing. As far as I was concerned, I’d be happy if he just finished pulling my panties down and bent me over the bed and took me….. fucked me hard and long…… that would be good enough for me. I wasn’t sure how much longer I could keep standing there while he teased and tormented me. Gawd, I needed something in me. Anything! A finger, a tongue, a dildo – anything!
When he leaned back and reached out for my panties again, I bent my head down so I could watch him. Slowly, almost as if he was punishing me, Jay began to lower my panties again. The look that came over his face was beyond what words could describe. I could see the wonder and excitement spread over him as my hairless lips came into view, and as my panties went lower, finally exposing me fully to his view, his jaw fell open and he stared at me for the longest time.
“Simply beautiful.” He sighed. “In my wildest dreams, I would have never expected such perfection and such beauty, Sally.”
Jay continued to pull my panties down until they were loose, and as he held them around my knees he asked me to spread my feet. As I did, he looked up and explained to me how much more erotic it was to see me standing there with my panties pulled partway down, rather than having my panties pulled all the way off.
“Do you feel it?” He asked. “Do you feel how exposed you are standing there like that?”
I wasn’t able to speak. My heart felt like it was up in my throat and I could feel my pulse pounding in my ears. I could feel the intense blushing radiating from my face as I clutched the material of my dress tightly against my chest, as if I was holding on to it for deal life. Yes. Hell yes, I could feel it.
The feeling was so intense, I had to close my eyes and I felt my head swoon from side to side. But, my eyes shot open when I felt his fingers gently graze up and down my labia, and as I bent down to watch him, he pushed one finger slowly between my lips and barely into my vagina. He held his finger there for a few seconds and then pulled it out and looked up at me.
“You’re really wet down here, Sally.” He moaned. “I mean, you’re really, really wet.”
Then, as I watched, he scooted his butt to the edge of the bed and pulled me closer to him – to a point where I was between his knees – and I watched as he began to feel me fully. First with his fingers, then with the palm of his hand, he felt me all over. While he did it, he sighed to himself and looked up at me to make sure I was watching. I’m not sure how long he fondled me, and I didn’t care, I just wanted him to keep doing it because I could feel myself getting closer and closer to cuming.
Then, without any warning, he pulled his hands away, slid his legs out to one side and stood up next to me. I turned to look at him as he stood, almost pleading with him to keep touching me. I was desperate for him to put his hands back, I was getting so close and I needed it so, so bad. I’m sure he could tell, too, and in the instant he read my face, I knew he understood.
Jay placed his hand on my shoulders and gently pushed me forward, saying, “Keep your feet where they are, Sally. Keep your legs straight, bend over at the waist and place your head down on the bed. I need to check your bottom now.”
I’m not sure exactly how I managed to do it, but, a few seconds later, I found myself bending over with my legs spread as wide as they’d go with my panties at my knees. I closed my eyes and gasped at the thought of him looking at me back there; inspecting me, making sure all the peach fuzz between my ass cheeks were gone. But, the feeling of embarrassment I had at that point was nothing compared to what I was going to experience next.
“I’m sorry to have to do this, Sally.” Jay said, as he lightly touched my naked waist and kneeled down behind me. “I know this is hard for you, but it’ll be over with soon.”
Then, feeling his hands on the cheeks of my bottom, I felt him pull my cheeks apart. I was filled with such an extreme amount of humiliation as he held me open and looked at me. What made it worse was that I knew exactly what he could see. Being bent over and opened up like that left nothing hidden on a female. I was completely exposed – completely hairless and solely from this vantage point, no one would ever guess I was a full grown woman. And, as I remained in place while he looked at me, I felt mortally shameful for what I was doing.
“You’re absolutely beautiful back here.” Jay said, as he adjusted his hands lower on my bottom and pulled me open again. “Oh, Gawd.” He moaned. “I can’t believe how pink and wet you are in there, Sally. This is much better than I expected.”
Jay looked at me for several minutes, running his fingers between my butt cheeks, feeling for errant hairs and stubble. When he was satisfied I was as bare and hairless as I could possibly be, I felt him lean in close and push his nose into me from behind.
“Fuuucckkkk.” I groaned as his face took liberties in my most private place. I shuddered at the thought that I might not smell clean and fresh and how I might be revolting to him with his face this close, and my bottom this open. I was almost at the limit of what I could take when I felt his tongue on me. Between the stress of bending over, keeping my legs straight and letting him pull me open and see me from behind, my legs were starting to tremble.
“Did you bring your camera with you?” Jay asked as I felt his tongue push through my vaginal opening.
“Oh, please!” I prayed silently to myself. “No pictures. Not that. Not now. Not like this.”
I felt him release the cheeks of my bottom and stand up behind me. Then without asking, he leaned over to my overnight bag, unzipped it and fumbled through it until he found what he was looking for – my digital camera.
Resting his hand on my naked hip, he patted me soothingly, saying, “You don’t have to worry, Sally. There will only be one camera here tonight and it will be yours. I’ll keep it with me the whole night and take some pictures for you. They’ll be your souvenirs of your fantasy and no one will ever see these pictures but you, not even me. I give you my solemn word.”
With that, Jay bent down behind me and I heard the familiar ‘beep’ of the camera turning on. “Bear with me, Sally.” He said. “I simply have to take a picture of you like this. I want you to be able to see what I’m looking at back here. The perfection of your nakedness and the way your cunt is opening up your sex to me is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
So, I stood there while he took several pictures – extreme close ups between my legs – prying one of my cheeks apart so he could get pictures of my sloppy, wet cunt. I felt powerless to move, utterly shameful and humiliated, but I stood there – getting more and more excited with every picture he took. And, when he set the camera down on the bed and stood up next to me, I felt both relieved and sad this part seemed to be over.
Gently, I felt his hands caressing my shoulders. “Okay,” he said softly, “all done.”
Jay helped me stand up, and as he did, I felt a little dizzy and almost toppled over. He was quick to wrap his arms around me and pull me safely toward his chest, but in doing that, I had to shuffle my feet, and as I did, I felt my panties fall around my ankles. Jay lovingly patted my back and pulled away from me. “That wasn’t so bad, was it?” He said, looking into my eyes with his warm smile. His eyes were gently bending along with his smile and it wasn’t hard for me to smile back and shake my head ‘No’.
“Good, Girl.” He said, as his smile widened. “You’re very brave, Sally…… you’re doing well so far. I’m proud of you.”
Jay bent down in front of me without saying anything and reached out for the panties that were pooled around my feet. I bent over to see what he was doing, and as he grasped the sides of my panties and straightened them out, I immediately noticed how wet the crotch was. They were slimy with my cuntal goo, and the dampness was very apparent to me as I looked down into my panties. I knew he could see it, too, and instead of being embarrassed about my arousal, seeing the wetness in my panties solidified my resolve to give myself to him one hundred percent.
Just then, he looked up at me – catching me looking down at him. I saw his eyes drift down my chest and then come to rest below my waist. He wasn’t trying to hide his stare at all – and I stood there swollen with pride as he looked at my vagina. I even hitched up my dress again, this time as far as I could, so he could see it better, and after a few seconds, he looked up at me with a longing I hadn’t seen in a man’s eyes for years.
I was thankful he didn’t say anything about my pussy leakage, and as he raised my panties up my shins and past my knees, he peered up at me quickly and then pulled my panties back into place over my hips. Reaching up, he gently pulled the material of my dress from my clutching hands, and then carefully smoothed my dress back into place.
He sat on the bed and reached for my hand. “Come on,” Jay said softly as he pulled on my hand, “have a seat and let’s talk some more.”
I sat down next to him and foolishly straightened my dress across my legs, probably out of sheer feminine habit. It seemed ridiculous once I thought about it, especially given the fact that he’d seen me naked two times now – well, naked below the waist, I mean. When I looked up at him, he had a patient smile on his face and seemed content to wait for me to finish fidgeting before he said anything more. I blushed a little as he looked at me, then he finally spoke.
“I want to talk a little bit about what’s going to happen tonight, but, I don’t want to say too much because it will be better for you if it’s a surprise.” He began.
I nodded my head and he continued, saying, “Sally, this evening has been planned with the intricacy of a covert military operation. Nothing has been left to chance, and each and every moment has been choreographed with pin point precision. I don’t want you to be distracted with anything except what you’re feeling, and being pleasured by what’s happening to you.”
“Next,” he said, as he took a breath, “tonight is all for you. Everything that’s going to happen is designed with you in mind. I will always be within arms reach of you and anytime you want me, all you have to do is raise your hand and I’ll immediately be there to see what you need. If at anytime you want something to stop, just say the word ‘Stop’ and it will. And for that matter, if at anytime you want everything to end and the night to be over, all you have to do is say ‘No More’. I promise you no one is going to make you do something you don’t want to do, so use those words as necessary, and remember, I’ll be by your side the whole time.”
I know his words were meant to put me at ease and make me feel safe, but they did little to ease my mind. I was starting to tremble with the fear something horrific was going to happen to me tonight. Jay saw the apprehension in my expression and he squeezed my hand. “Don’t worry, Sally.” He said. “I assure you this will be an evening you’ll remember fondly the rest of your life, and I’m sure you’ll thank me when it’s over. But, it’s important that you go into this evening willing to trust me and willing to do what you’re told. If you’re able to do that, you’ll get to experience something that will be a once in a lifetime event.”
“You okay so far?” Jay asked.
I nodded my head up and down. “So far.” I said, almost whispering.
“That’s my girl.” Jay replied.
“Now,” he continued, “what we’re doing tonight is a role play. It will last about seventy minutes; maybe eighty at the absolute most. As I said, I don’t want to give too much away, but the jest of it is that I’m going to be playing the part of your teacher, Mr. R. You’re playing the part of my young, female student who’s been a very naughty girl, and you’ve agreed to be disciplined by me instead having your parents notified of your atrocious behavior.”
“Are you going to spank me, or something?” I urgently interrupted.
“Let me get to that in a minute.” Jay answered quickly. Then, he continued with his explanation, saying, “There will other people here, Sally. They each have a role to play and a script they will be following. They will do no more, and no less than what their script calls for. I’ve personally met, and checked out each and every one that will be here, and I’m completely satisfied with them.”
“Okay, now to your question.” He said after taking a breath. “This will all take place down in the play room. I’ve placed a paddle down there which could be used on your exquisite posterior under certain circumstances. For example, if you’re asked to do something, and you don’t hold your hand up, or you don’t say ‘Stop’ and you don’t do it, then the paddle will be used – by me only. So,” he added, as he looked me right in the eyes, “you have the power to keep yourself from being paddled. If you really don’t want to do something, raise your hand or simply say ‘Stop’. On the flip side, if you feel like you want to be paddled, all you have to do is disobey without raising your hand or saying ‘Stop’ and I’ll take that as a signal you wish to be paddled. I’ll leave those decisions strictly to you.”
“How many other people will be here?” I asked.
“If they all show up, it should be eleven people. Twelve counting me.” Jay answered, then added, “Sally, each of these people have a role to play, just like you and I do. Once we start, you will address me respectfully as Mister R, or Mister Richardson. You will treat everyone here with respect, too, and you will address everyone else as Sir or Maam. I promise you have nothing to fear from anyone - no one is going to hurt you, and you’ll be perfectly safe. Just remember the rules and you’ll experience something tonight you’ll treasure forever. Like I said,” he chuckled, “when this is over, you’ll thank me.”
Jay sat there for a minute watching me while everything sunk in. “These people,” I said, “these eleven people that are coming, what are they going to be doing? Can you tell me that?” I asked.
“I don’t want to answer that directly.” He said, shrugging his shoulders. “It would give too much of it away, but, they’ll all have contact with you, Sally. What I mean is,” he added after thinking for a second, “they’ll all have sexual contact with you in one way or another.”
Well, finally, there it was.
I don’t know if I was happy to hear that, or sad. While he was telling me all of this, I was frantically trying to put it together in my head….. trying to figure out what he was planning, what was going to happen to me tonight. My mind recalled the stack of towels in the huge bathroom downstairs, and now I could guess why they were there – for his guests to take showers.
“Jay,” I asked, meekly, “are you saying these eleven people going to have sex with me?”
“You’re going to have some kind of sexual interaction with all the guests, Sally, even the women.” He answered. “But, it’s very well orchestrated, and, if you can be brave enough to trust me, I promise you’ll have the time of your life.”
“There’s going to be other women here?” I asked, as an agonizing feeling swept through my stomach. I guess it wouldn’t be so bad if it was all men, but, having other women here while this happens - I’m not sure I was okay with that. What would they think of me?
“Yes.” He said. “Don’t get yourself worked up about it, Sally. They have a specific role to play, just like everyone else.”
“Can I make a request?” I asked.
“Absolutely!” Jay exclaimed.
“I don’t want to kiss anyone.” I replied. “I don’t want anyone to kiss me, either. Okay?”
“Not even me?” Jay asked, laughing.
“I mean except you,” I said quickly, smiling at him. “I don’t want anyone else to kiss me, though.”
“No problem.” Jay said, giggling to me. “That’s already in the rules. No one is going to try to kiss you. I promise.”
“But you can.” I answered. “I won’t mind that at all, Jay.”
He squeezed my hand and laughed. “Thank you,” he said grinning at me, “I’ll try to remember that.”
“Just a few more things.” Jay said, glancing down at his watch. “When it’s over, I’ll bring you back to this room, and I’ll stay with you and everyone else will leave. I’ll draw a bath for you in the large bath tub in my bathroom, and I’ll let you relax and soak while I make you the most fabulous dinner you’ve ever seen. I’ll come back and wash you up, dry you off and we’ll enjoy a nice dinner together. How’s all that sound to you?”
The sun was almost gone – just a thin slice of it remained in the late afternoon. And as I stared through the window at the deepening shadows, I looked up at him and asked, “When does all this start?”
“My guests should start to arrive in about an hour, Sally.” He answered. “Hopefully, we’ll get started no later than 7:45 and be done by nine o’clock.”
“So,” I asked timidly, looking down at my feet and feeling my palms get moist, “Is there any, uh, you know….. anal sex involved?”
I raised my eyes and looked over at Jay. He nodded his head. “Yes, I’m afraid so.” He replied softly as he rubbed my hand lovingly. “It will come at the very end of the evening, and it will be me.”
I felt relieved to hear that. If anyone was going to take my ass, I’d want it to be him. I know he’d be gentle with me, and it seemed fitting that the teacher would have the final ‘say’, if you will.
“Alright.” I said. “But Jay…… uh….. will you, uh…..”
“Sally,” he said, lifting my hand and kissing it again like he did out in the hallway, “I’ll be incredibly gentle, and you’ll be specially prepared before I do it.” Then, leaning over to kiss my cheek, he smiled and tapped my nose with his finger, saying, “Just trust me and everything will be fine.”
“No, that’s not what I meant.” I said to Jay. “I know you’ll be gentle, and I trust you immensely. But, that’s not what I was asking.”
He looked at me for a moment and I took a breath and swallowed before I spoke. “Will we….. I mean, you and me….. will we have regular sex tonight?”
“Yes, my sweet.” He said, with an understanding smile. “I have something special planned just for us after everyone leaves.”
I took a moment to take it all in. I knew what ever happened tonight was going to be different, and that Jay was going to make it memorable and special for me. I felt so safe with him, so cared for, and, so loved. Someone just doesn’t do things like this – go to all the trouble and the expense of something like this unless they are a special kind of person. And Jay was, I knew it. I felt my heart begin to beat inside my chest knowing we were going to have sex together – Jay and I, and that was something I was praying for since the day we went shopping for panties and I felt his rigid cock in my hand.
Ever since that day, I’ve had an irresistible urge feel his hard cock inside me. I’d thought of nothing but him and I was gratified to hear he was going to have me. I wanted to make it good for him, too – so good….. the best he ever had, and give him a night to remember, too. And as I sat there reflecting on everything he’d said about what was happening to me tonight, I promised myself I wouldn’t leave this house until I knew his balls were drained, and emptied out inside my body.
“So,” he said, “are you still game?” Then he added, “If you’re hesitant to go through with this, it’s better to back out now – before everyone gets here.”
I know Jay was being polite and considerate by asking me if I wanted to go through with it. But, did he really think I was going to change my mind now? Over the last several weeks, Jay and I had become so intimate and so close – we’d shared everything. I knew every one of his turn-ons, and he knew mine, as sick and twisted as they were – Jay knew my fantasies. So, did he really think I was going to back out of a chance to let him grant those fantasies and realize my deepest desires?
A hundred wild horses couldn’t pull me out of there. And even though he didn’t really tell me enough for me to know what was going to happen, the things he did tell me touched me in a way that made me have to stay - especially after hearing he had something special planned just for the two of us, and that was so important to me.
“I’m yours, Sir.” I said, proudly - looking up at him and smiling. Then in my best little girl voice I said, “I know I’ve been bad, Mr. Richardson, please don’t tell my parents. You can do whatever you want to me, but, please don’t tell my parents.”
He laughed at what I said, and then all of a sudden, he got this somber look on his face. After a few seconds, he looked at me and started to say something – and then he stopped. Finally after he got his words together, he squinted his eyes and began to speak.“You know why I asked you to get the wax job, don’t you?” He asked, almost whispering to me. “Instead of just shaving yourself, I mean?”
It was a question we both knew the answer to. I’d already told him all about my nasty, school girl fantasies, including the part I was incredibly ashamed of. And, once I heard that I’d be pretending to be a school girl tonight, I instantly understood why he told me to get a complete wax job. It made sense – it matched my fantasy to a tee.
We looked at each other for a second, and in that time I realized Jay really had thought about every facet of the role play, even down to the appearance of my pussy.
My face blushed and I nodded my head. “Yeah, I know.” I answered.
Jay had a sly grin on his face as he leaned over to hug me. “Sally,” he said, “You know, if I were just….. uh… thirty years younger…..”
We both laughed and he reached around behind him to look through my overnight bag again. Seeing my panties in the plastic bag – the ones he told me to bring to him after my masturbation session the other night, he picked them up and opened the bag. Then, holding them up to his nose, he inhaled deeply. “Ah…..” he sighed. “These are for me….. my private souvenir…… along with the ones you have on now, Sally. I want something intimate of yours to keep; something to remind me of you.”
I blushed thinking about Jay jerking his cock and sniffing my panties, Perhaps even sucking my cunt juice from the crotch as he stroked his cock, thinking about me. Oh, how I wanted him to desire me…. to desire my cunt….. to want me in a way he’s never wanted another woman.
“Well, okay then.” Jay said sharply as he stood up. “We have to get on the ball if we’re going to stay on our schedule.” Then he paused for a minute and added, “I’m sad to say we have one more piece of difficult business to attend to, my dear.”
“What’s that?” I asked.
“It’s for your own comfort, Sally.” He replied. “I promise it is. And, it’s probably going to be a little uncomfortable for you. I’ll do everything I can to make it bearable, though.”
He made his way to the chest of drawers across from us. When he got there, he turned to me and said, “If you followed the diet instructions I gave you, this should be quick and simple. And again, you might not think so now, but later you’ll be happy you did this.”
I watched as he reached into the drawer and pulled out two thick towels and a small, green and white box. My eyes opened wide as I read the large words on the box: ‘Cleansing Enema’. I’m sure he could see the anxieties in my face when I realized what he was about to propose, and before I could say anything, he spoke.
“Sally, hear me out on this.” Jay said, firmly. “You’re going to be in front of people in an hour and I guarantee there’s going to be fingers pushed up your bottom. Plus, you’re going to have anal sex. I won’t force you to take the enema, but, I’m betting you’d rather be emptied out and clean back there before all this starts.” He added. “Think about the alternative for a minute, would you?”
“You can always decide against it,” he added, “but, it would be unbearably humiliating to find any ‘surprises’ in there when you’re being fingered and when I enter you back there.”
As he spoke, I got this vision of someone putting their finger in me and pulling it out in horror. I knew he was right. I knew we had to do it. It was hard to accept, though. And yes, it would be better to take care of that now, rather than risk this kind of humiliation later in front of people.
I nodded my head, accepting my fate and snickering to him in a sarcastic way. “Okay.” I answered.
He laughed at my funny face and told me it would only take a few minutes. “It won’t be so bad.” He said. “We can do it right here on the bed - it’s quick and easy, and I’ll let you have your privacy in the bathroom, Sally. Just go ahead and slip all your clothes off for me.”
To be continued