Madhurima an 18 year old teenager having just passed her 12th exams had reached the day she was waiting for. Her parents were now dropping her off to her new college after shifting her from her hometown to bangalore. She had one flatmate a senior Veena from a nearby city. Her parents were visibly worried about how she would be able to manage alone having grown up in a small city in North and that too in a protected traditional family environment. Not her, she was thrilled at the mere thought of being alone and in charge of her life.
First day at the college was exciting and after coming back she started talking to her senior who was looking a little jittery. She asked her the matter and she told that she had to go out with her friends and may be out late and she was not sure how Madhurima would react to her being left alone in the apartment considering her parents had just left her today. Madhu pretending to be with a modern outlook lied that it was okay and even she knows that one has to go out and maintain social relations. Veena then excused herself on pretext of getting ready with her mobile buzzing almost every minute. Peeping cautiously over her shoulder Madhu was sure that it must be her boyfriend.
It was almost 7pm now and she was sure that in her apartment she could hear Veena running around in her room and rushing to get ready. She thought to herself that she was lucky to get this apartment with shared drawing-room and kitchen but separate rooms and personal bathroom and balcony including a balcony attached to the drawing room. Her parents had always pampered her and she had her own room since childhood not that they were very rich but never short of money for sure. She broke out of her reverie when she saw Veena emerging from her room, she was looking fabulous all her curves were accentuated and she then felt for the first time that her roomie was in fact quite a beauty. Veena was wearing black shorts which were just maybe a couple of centimetres below her crotch and her long flawless thighs on display as she bent down to wear sandals on the sofa revealing a deep milky cleavage in her white top which left little to imagination. Her lipstick pink and slight makeup and mascara completed her entire look, an advantage of being fair Madhu thought to herself and realised that she was of the same complexion as Veena although she had never worn such clothes outside ever but now looking at Veena she wanted these clothes and get attention on her young body.
Veena snapped her fingers and Madhu broke out of her reverie and saw Veena smiling maybe she could read her mind as she immediately said that tomorrow we need to get you some nice clothes.
Just then Veena left as her phone buzzed again and she blushed visibly and quickly made to the door and before leaving and instructed Madhu in detail about locking the door and not to worry about her as she might be late in the night and not to tell her parents about her going out.
Now alone in the apartment she called her parents and after speaking with them she decided to take a bath with warm water in the nice weather and walked out to her balcony after switching on the geyser. It was already dark and her balcony faced a small park with which the apartment complex shared the boundary full of dense greenery now cascading in darkness as there were no lights there, cool breeze was caressing her entire body and she could already feel her nipples getting hard, a strange sensation was taking control over her body maybe it was because she was truly alone and parents were not around. Nobody could see her standing there and an idea started forming in her naughty mind. She ran to take a shower taking off her clothes slowly one by one beginning with her kurta and pajama then came off her bra and panties dropping them on her huge bed as she walked into the bathroom lightly cupping her 34A breasts and pinching and pulling on her nipples which she felt were just too long almost half an inch protrusion from the areola which was a pretty shade of pink which she enjoyed and let out a moan from her mouth.
As warm water made it's way down her hair and back she felt more relaxed and excited at the same time with her pussy crying out for some attention to which she gently caressed her pubic hair and touched her pussy lips which now seemed swollen waiting for attention and her pussy already leaking. She then turned off the shower and dried herself a little, wrapped a towel around her body and walked out to the balcony boldly her mind completely numb from the overpowering desires of her young body. The light wind touched her hair and she shivered a little and as she bent forward to see if there is anyone below her apartment the towel which was already tight on her breasts and short upto her crotch went up further and the knot started coming loose but she was too busy looking whether she could be seen from her vantage point and just then suddenly there was a gust of wind and the towel opened and flew off the balcony leaving her completely naked in the open. She just stood shocked looking at her thin cloth towel flying and falling down on the ground, her nipples were now as hard as little rocks after coming in contact with the cool breeze and it now gradually sunk into her that she was standing naked in the open and she truly felt free.
She thought of the times when she used to sleep naked in her parents home locking the bedroom door and think of how would it feel if she was standing naked in the balcony. This was pure exhilaration to her. Blood was rushing to her head and thumping like bass music and her hand had automatically found its way to her pussy which was leaking copiously along her thighs as she continued rubbing herself and pulling a day pinching her long nipples with other hand. Her clitoris craved for attention and she quickly focused her attention to it and continued rubbing it feverishly while the other hand was squeezing her perky breasts. She looked towards the sky as the clouds just uncovered the moon with the moonlight just making it's way down to her body which almost shone in it with beads of sweat forming over her forehead and slender back. Her rubbing grew more furious as she was nearing her orgasm with a heady mixture of being out naked in the open without a stitch of cloth and then she started jerking and a small moan let out of her mouth as she had her orgasm and was completely satisfied she just made way to her bed and pulled over the covers with tingling sensation all over her body.
Bangalore was going to be fun she thought to herself.