This story is completely true and by the standards of other posts, maybe slightly tame, however the fact it is true may make them more appealing than the fiction that is often scripted.
***
To set the stage Alex and I, (Ian) have been married for over 16years and have 2 children together. We live in a smaller city where she works as a healthcare professional and I work in the field of criminal justice.
We are very respected in our community, we are a regular church attending family that on the outside lives a very vanilla life, however we both enjoy to party and travel.
Alex knows I enjoy when she dresses in very revealing and sexy clothing, the problem is that we need to be very careful where we do these things. While we would love to ignore the potential judgement from people we inadvertently bump into, their opinions could affect our kids and social acceptance.
I have had a reluctant fantasy about exposing and sharing my wife for a couple years, the desire sometimes consumes me, however I recognized the fantasy was just that, a fantasy, and any action on it could prove devastating to our relationship.
I have successfully convinced Alex to go out wearing a short skirt with no panties and a flowing low cut top without a bra. I rationalized with myself that the possibility of her being exposed would satisfy my secret fantasy. Alex stated she didn't mind going out dressed like that occasionally, but sometimes worries she will bump into friends, family or even co-workers. Each time Alex entertained me, my desire to expose and share her just increased.
The time came for a southern trip to escape the chilly and depressing winter. We choose a beautiful beach destination down south and agreed to leave the kids behind. We needed it, we love our kids dearly, but the constant demand of sporting events and school related activities had taken its toll, we recognized we had slipped into parent mode rather then a loving couple.
I shopped the web for classy, yet extremely sexy outfits for my wife to wear while down south. I knew if there was no chance of bumping into people we knew, Alex would be comfortable in dressing sexy. One day as a joke, I said to Alex,
Ian: By the way, I've implemented a new southern trip rule.
She rolled her eyes, smiled and responded,
Alex: Oh this should be good.
Ian: No panties or bras shall be packed for this trip.
Alex: (laughing) I'm not working out without a bra or panties.
Ian: Ok fine, our morning workouts are exempt.
Alex and I have always maintained a high level of fitness. Alex works out every morning. She is up at 530am and heads to the basement where we have set up a home gym. She has light brown hair, blue eyes, about 5'4" and weighs about 115lbs, small frame and small, but very firm breasts. Her nipples are small and just the perfect shade of pink, she has a completely flat stomach and 6 pack abs.
While Alex can be rather conservative, on vacation she can be quite outgoing especially if you add a touch of alcohol. It had been a couple years since we had travelled by ourselves, kids in tow constantly demanding attention can all but kill the mood. While vacationing a number of times prior to kids, Alex had discreetly gone topless on the beach. Never around the pool, and never to walk around, but lying on a lounger she seemed to enjoy the all over tan and I had always loved to see her laying out topless.
But this trip was different, I had already set the mood of an all out sexually driven couples only trip. The outfits were packed and all loose ends were tied up at home to eliminate the possibility of distractions.
We arrived to the resort early after an ungodly departure time. The decision was made to have a nap on the beach, the day was a scorcher with balls of sunshine.
We picked a spot at the end of the beach near the resort boundary. We had barely nestled in and I was looking around to scope out just how private we were. While people were around, they seemed to be minding their own business and were slightly forward to us.
Being a gentleman, I offered to apply lotion to Alex's body. I started on her back, so of course I unhooked the clasp on her tiny bikini top. I was pleasantly surprised when she reached below and pulled the top from underneath her. She folded it up and placed it in her beach bag. I slowly massaged the lotion to her back working my way down, when I reached her tight ass, I slipped my hands below the fabric and pulled them down slightly. I loved seeing the slightly white skin contrast, in my mind it was a step to public nudity.
The time came for her to turn over, I wondered if she would do it without reservation. Without prompt, over she turned, her beautiful tits out for the whole beach to see. I couldn't take my eyes off of them. The irony is that I can see them anytime I want, the shower, mornings and evenings, but in public, on the beach excited me. Maybe it was the danger of being exposed, maybe it's my deep desire to expose her to others, perhaps it's because I am so proud to call her mine, whatever it was I loved it.
As I continued to apply the lotion, I spent extra time in the area of her thighs. It was more of a massage then an application of sunscreen. I untied her bikini bottoms, I saw a smile from Alex.
Alex: What are you doing?
Ian: I don't want to get sunscreen on your bikini bottoms.
Alex: This is a topless beach, not a nude beach.
Ian: Don't worry, I won't take them off.
As I applied the lotion, I squeezed and massaged her hip area. With these moves I could see the top of her mound. The sight was incredible, Alex had gone for laser a year prior, the skin was entirely smooth, not one hair, red mark or wrinkle. Half of me wanted someone to walk past, but the other half of me thought it might be too much. The day went on with us soaking up the sun and enjoying the serenity and mood. That night, even while extremely tired, sex was great, we didn't need to be quiet to avoid waking one of the kids, and we didn't need to be under a mountain of fabric for warmth.
As the days went on Alex continued to dress simple but sexy. One afternoon during a trip to lunch, we choose to skip the main buffet area and head to a small cafe style eatery. Alex wore a small jean skirt with a light crisscross top. This top was one of my favorite tops, normally only worn as a beach cover up, she wore it to lunch, it had no back, only tying at the top with a string and joined at the very bottom to form the shirt. The front often opened wide revealing whatever bikini top she was wearing, but today there was nothing underneath the shirt.
It would appear Alex had become more and more comfortable laying out topless on the beach which translated to a relaxed attitude away from the beach. We sat on the patio waiting for a server, I sat across from her with my back to the restaurant entrance. After a few minutes we grew impatient and I went to see if a waiter was actually working. When I walked in, a very apologetic young man offered to take our order, being on vacation I wasn't at all upset and accompanied this man to our table.
As I approached I noticed Alex had moved and was reading a menu. As I walked up the 2 steps to the patio I could see right up her skirt, no panties, just a bald beautiful pussy. While her legs weren't spread wide open, I had a clear, unobstructed view which meant so did the waiter. I could tell by the reaction and his eye position that he was staring at my wife's pussy. Another man was seeing her naked, this was not like the occasional glance of her breasts on the beach, this was her pussy on display. I wasn't sure what to do, I wanted to tell her or get in the way of the waiter, but I didn't. I just sat and allowed it. As the waiter got closer, he stood right over top of her and spent a considerable amount of time pointing out the menu items. I had been so enthralled with her skirt that I hadn't noticed her top had opened up. Sitting from my position, I could see her shirt had opened up considerably and I bet from his standing position he would be able to see her entire breast, nipple and all.
Once the waiter walked off I got up and stood in his position, disguising it as an opportunity to kiss her. I was right, I could see right down her top, that waiter had an unobstructed view of my wife's tits and pussy. She had been completely exposed right in front of me.
While I fought with how I should be feeling, the truth was that I liked it. There was a tingle I couldn't shake, it stayed with me the rest of the day. I never spoke of the incident, but was incredibly horny the rest of the day.
The next night we had paid to attend an all inclusive party night at a local dance club / show. The company would pick us up at the hotel to bring us to the club and provide transportation back at the end of the night. As Alex got ready she debated what outfit to wear, I secretly wanted her to wear this incredibly sexy black top which was very similar to the grey one she wore to the cafe restaurant. Finally she grabbed the shirt to try it on. As she modeled it in the mirror I added my opinion.
Ian: Oh my god, that's the one, but loosen it off a bit so it hangs lower"!
Alex: Holy shit, people will be able to see my tits.
Ian: (Laughing) that's the plan.
Alex: (laughing) you're a pervert.
I decided to come clean.
Ian: Babe I've got to tell you something. The other day when we went to the cafe for lunch, the waiter was able to see up your skirt and down your top.
Alex: (laughing and holding her and over her mouth) Oh my god, seriously? Thanks for the heads up asshole!
Ian: First of all, we'll never see that guy again, he doesn't know us. I don't know why, but I loved it, It was such a turn on.
Alex: (looking in the mirror) so is that why you want me to wear this shirt?
Ian: And this (holding a black skirt).
Alex stood there bottomless, reached over, grabbed the skirt and kissed me.
Alex: What the hell, like you said, no one knows us down here!
I embraced her and told her how I appreciated it and that out of gratitude I would make things better by letting her wear panties. Now I know what you're thinking, why would I offer panties, but these were no ordinary pair of panties. These were a pair of ridiculously small jeweled g-string. I mean the front is one narrow single strand of jewels, they were a cheap set I had purchased online. They consisted of an extremely thin elastic strand g-string that joined at the hip strap with a small o ring that led to the front. The jewels were simply a small strand of fake jewels. They are designed to go directly between her pussy lips. She looked them over and said, while they looked sexy, they may not be comfortable enough to walk and dance in. She obliged and slipped them on. They looked incredible. Her pussy is a thing of beauty, while some would say a pussy is a pussy, I disagree. Her's is very small, completely neat and tucked in, beautiful lips, very little skin color contrast, and again absolutely no hair.
Alex tried out the g-string by walking around wearing it, I was surprised when she told me it actually wasn't uncomfortable at all. She slipped into a pair of high heels and we headed out the door.
We arrived at the club and started drinking, the drinks were way better then at the resort and I tipped the guy huge on our first round to set the stage for good service, it worked like a charm. This guy was bringing us drinks even when ours were barely touched.
Nearing the middle of the night, Alex leaned in and whispered,
Alex: So exposing me turned you on did it?"
With that, she loosened her top to allow the neck neckline to drop lower. This simple action made my cock twitch. Her sexy yet discrete dancing was killing me. That's when the trip hit it's crazy, out of this world highlight.
A shooter girl waitress approached and was selling shots. But these shots were different then the typical test tube shots that are commonly seen at bars. This girl wore a belt with squeeze bottles attached. The girl would tip your head back and mix the drink right in your mouth, then move your head around to mix it before being instructed to swallow. Alex thought that was hilarious as they also bent you over and thrusted you in a motion that would simulate sex doggy style. Of course she had to get me one, I played along, the girl was nice and said I should return the favor, however she motioned to a male waiter coming through the club. I said sure what the hell, and gave the female a nod and thumbs up, Alex was having a great time and had clearly had enough liquid courage.
As the male waiter worked closer to us we witnessed another female patron getting a shooter from him, it was crazy and way more sexual. This guy was good looking and in shape. He seemed easy going, not too pushy but was very hands on. He grinded this girl from behind, before tipping the first bottle into her mouth. After thrusting her he spun her around to be face to face. He arched her whole body back while supporting her weight from the small of her back. He once again poured liquor and mix in her mouth but first guided the bottles right up the center of her chest. Alex looked on and appeared a little worried.
Alex: (laughing) Holy shit, if he does that to me, my tits will fall out.
As much as I loved exposing her, in the middle of a bar might not be the venue. The waiter approached Alex and I,
Waiter: I hear you're my next victim while looking at Alex.
He shook my hand, smiled and said,
Waiter: How drunk do you want her?
He seemed relaxed, non-threatening and some how respectful. He didn't give off the typical jersey shore douchbag attitude, he struck me as a guy working to pay for schooling and spoke perfect English.
Ian: Sorry man, I think my wife has had second thoughts, perhaps a little shy tonight, maybe we'll take a rain check.
Waiter: Are you sure, who cares, nobody knows you here.
Alex: I don't think I'm dressed for the occasion (and motioned to her outfit).
Waiter: Nonsense, you look incredible.
Alex: Thanks, but I'm worried some people may get an eyeful. This outfit isn't built for acrobats.
Waiter: Tell you what, how about a little privacy (and pointed behind us).
This place was huge, it was set up in stadium style so everyone could see the stage for the show portion of the night. Most people on the upper tier had tall standing bar style tables and stools.
Until the waiter motioned behind us, we thought we were one of the last rows of seats. We hadn't noticed the wall was actually a heavy black curtain. We later learned they closed and opened it as the crowd numbers dictated.
Waiter: Don't worry, your husband can come along, let's go have a drink.
Before we realized what was going on, we found ourselves standing behind the blackout curtain by entering it a point it joined and were completely cutoff from the crowd. Due to the fact it was dark behind this curtain and so lit up in the main portion, we were able to see the people moving about on the other side but knew we were invisible to the crowd mere steps away. Despite the fact we were in another country and just followed a stranger into a darkened area, we weren't nervous about safety.
Without delay the waiter walked right up in front of Alex and placed his left hand on the small of her back.
Waiter: Ok, lean back and tip that beautiful head back then open wide.
As Alex arched back, her top started to fall open, not once did she try to reach for the fabric, the loose fitting top fell open to the point that it nearly exposed her nipples. Her hard, erect nipples being the only thing stopping this stranger from having an up close and personal view of her breast's. The waiter started to slide the bottle straight up her chest, guiding it between her beautiful tits. He reached her chin and flipped the bottle to her waiting open mouth. The sweet mixture of booze flowed into her mouth until some ran down her neck. The waiter returned the bottle to his belt like a gun to a holster. With his right hand he gently grabbed her by the top of her head and directed her head from side to side. That's all that shirt needed, first her right breast exposed and then her left. While still holding her back with his left hand on the small of her back, he said swallow and open up, the second bottle came out and straight up her chest. He focused on her tits and slowly directed that squeeze bottle in between her fully exposed breasts. I stood there motionless, Alex laughed but again never even attempted to cover herself. The waiter finally reached her chin and again flipped that bottle into her mouth, pouring it until it ran down her neck.
This time he stood her straight which caused her top to reposition and cut off the view. He moved behind her and bent her over to simulate the sexual thrusts.
All the while Alex smiled without opening her mouth to avoid spilling the liquid. I just stood in silence, I was letting a stranger look at my wife's tits and then bend her over like only I had done. The thrusts were done in a joking party sort of way rather then a heat of passion so I felt absolutely no jealousy. Finally he stood her up and tilted her head back onto his shoulder, whispered swallow and released his grip.
Alex collected herself and came over to kiss me.
Waiter: I love that top (smiling).
Alex: Yah I bet you do, that's exactly why I didn't want to get a shooter out there. (pointing past the curtain).
The waiter looked at me and said,
Waiter: How about you lucky man, do you want another shot?
Ian: I think I'm good for now.
Waiter: Are you sure, I'd be happy administer a special body shot off of your beautiful wife, free of course.
To my surprise, Alex responded,
Alex: yah come on babe, have another shot.
I asked Alex,
Ian: Do you even know what a body shot is?
Alex: Of course, you'll have to lick some salt off my tits or something right?
I wanted to see her tits again in front of this guy so bad that I said,
Ian: Ok let's do it,
But I got close enough to her, to whisper,
Ian: Are you sure, you know this guy is going to see your tits again?
Alex: He's already seen them, besides, (as she smiled), I thought that's what you wanted?
Ian: As long as you're cool with it?
Alex: I wouldn't do anything I wasn't comfortable with.
The waiter had finished moving a high bar stool type chair near a high table and said,
Waiter: Have a seat (pointing to the stool) and lean your elbows and back against the table.
Alex sat side saddle style to prevent her skirt from riding up too much, although it was already rising mid thigh.
Waiter: Ok, you ready?
Alex: For what?
Waiter: To take that beautiful top off?
Alex: I guess so (laughing)
Waiter: Take a deep breath (smiling and laughing).
The waiter reached back to untie her top behind her neck. I couldn't believe my eyes, my beautiful wife, mother of my children was letting a strange man, a bar employee, untie her top, and I was allowing it to happen.
He lowered the top down and completely exposed her tits. They were incredible, suntanned from the last couple of days tanning topless. Her erect nipples staring me in the eyes.
Waiter: Do you want this right off? If your husband misses any, it'll be all over your top.
Alex reached down and pulled the top over her head, placing it on the table behind her. The waiter shook is head and commented by simply saying "magnificent".
Waiter: Ok you just need to squeeze your tits together and straighten your torso to allow the booze to run down.
The waiter motioned to me and said,
Waiter: Come on over here lucky man, kneel down and lap it up, don't spill any or you'll do it again.
As the waiter poured the booze from the squeeze bottle, the liquid ran between her perfect breast's down to her flat stomach. licking it up was a chore, I missed a ton of liquid, it flowed down and soaked the waist band area of her skirt.
Waiter: (Laughing) hang on, you're sitting on an angle, it's pouring all over the side, here stand up.
He moved the stool closer and spun it long ways,
Waiter: Straddle it so you can sit straight back.
Alex gave me a nervous smile and responded a reluctant "okay".
As soon as she stepped up and swung her leg over, her skirt slid up. Alex instinctually tried to hold it down with her hand, but her efforts were very brief. Almost admitting defeat, the minute she leaned back it slid right up, Alex made no more attempts to conceal her pussy.
There she was, completely exposed, the beautiful jeweled g-string was completely visible. The jewels were perfectly nestled in between her pussy lips. I could tell she was flustered by her crooked smile. I leaned over and whispered,
Ian: Oh my god you're gorgeous.
I knew I should've pulled her skirt down or somehow stopped her from being exposed, but I didn't. I knew she must've been flustered and embarrassment but the view was just amazing.
Waiter: (looking at me) Buddy, you are one lucky man.
I knelt down again, and the waiter began to pour the booze. Again, he poured the booze between her tits as she squeezed them together. I looked up to see her smiling again. The cocktail ran down her stomach, and travelled wide. I licked and moved my face across her belly in an attempt to lap up as much as I could. I could hear Alex laughing and encouraging me, however as the drink flowed past me, it began to hit the waist band of her skirt. The waiter reached down and balled the fabric in his hand pulling it up and out to form a bridge, this only exposed her more.
Now when I looked up Alex was laughing, shaking her head and said,
Alex: I can't believe I'm doing this!
As I stood up straight, the waiter said,
Waiter: I doubt you even got half a shot, look it's all over the floor.
It was so obvious, I knew he was just trying to see my wife's beautiful naked body. I didn't mind, in fact it was exciting but I needed to know Alex was good with it.
I got my answer when Alex unexpectedly stood up, pulled her skirt right off while laughing and said,
Alex: last chance buddy, get it all this time would yah.
I was blown away, there she was practically naked, those panties left nothing to the imagination and she stood right in front of a stranger. This was in a noisy club, not the privacy of our home, I was sure at any moment someone else would come behind this massive curtain.
Alex laid back and pushed her tits together, she arched her body to direct the flow of booze down her torso. The look of her naked body stiffly postured was incredible. The waiter began pouring heavy, the booze ran down and essentially soaked my wife. Alex started to laugh and even move her hips a bit in a bucking motion. With my face drenched, I thought to myself, she's getting into this.
The waiter stopped pouring and was laughing while shaking his head, he said,
Waiter: Better, but you're missing a bunch, look it's all over the place. Did you want me to show you how to direct the booze into your mouth?
I thought to myself, he's joking right. Alex looked at me and said,
Alex: Did you want him to show you babe?
I looked at her and said,
Ian: Seriously?
Alex: (laughing and shrugging her shoulders) I've come this far", I'll let him have a shot if you want, educational based of course. (winking at me).
I stood in silence, staring at my beautiful wife, she was naked, soaked in booze and willing to entertain my fantasy.
The waiter broke the silent trance I was clearly stuck in by saying,
Waiter: Guys, just joking, I'm not trying to be pushy, it's just you're so gorgeous, I had to try.
He started to step back and was about to put the bottle back in its little holder when I reached out for it, I said ok, show me how it's done rockstar.
The waiter approached with a smile and handed me the plastic squeeze bottle, he had used all but about 1/4 of the bottle. He positioned himself in front of my naked wife as she climbed back up into that stool. He knelt down to her naval area and even looped his left arm under her right leg. He instructed her to squeeze her tits together and then lifted her right leg up slightly. Jesus, his face was mere inches from her pussy.
He gave me a nod and as I started pour the booze down the center of her tits he lowered his mouth to her mound and made a V shape with his hands to direct the booze into his mouth. With his thumbs touching the sides of her pussy, he lapped up the booze with his tongue. I was watching another man lick my wife's mound.
As the booze started to flow quicker he lowered his head even more, his mouth open and lower lip on my wife's pussy. He pressed his hands together with more pressure, I could see the depression of his hands onto my wife's pussy. The booze followed the jeweled panties right into his mouth. I couldn't believe my eyes. I looked at my wife's face, she was looking right at me, she didn't need to say a word, while she was enjoying the physical feeling, she was worried, was I jealous, should she put an end to this. I smiled and squeezed the last of the bottle, she smiled with relief, I looked down to see him now licking her pussy. I looked back at Alex's face and she was looking down, her head slightly to the side she briefly closed her eyes and with her right hand released the grip from her tits and grabbed ahold of the waiters head. She twisted slightly to the left, raising her hips and snapped her head back. Her mouth was open and breathed a short whimper. As fast as she had allowed it, her opened mouth sultry look changed to a laugh and pushed his head back saying,
Alex: Ok dude, I think you got it all!
She shook her head and looked up at me.
Alex: (looking at me) Ok buddy, you owe me one, give me your shirt, I am soaking wet and sticky.
I peeled off my shirt, handed it to her and she wiped off her tits, what surprised me was that the waiter and I were both standing in front of her, she was still sitting on the stool and leaning back. She looked at me, smiled and spread her legs wide open, slowly she wiped her legs and pussy off and threw my shirt back at me. The motion was more of a tease then a necessity to wipe up the liquid.
Alex stood up and put on her skirt, she fixed her hair and put on her top. Alex walked over to me and gave me a huge kiss. This meant so much, it was a non-verbal way of reassuring me that she was mine.
Alex: (looking at the waiter) I assume the last couple of pours were on the house?
Waiter: (laughing) Actually they were more on you!
We returned to the party but I could barely focus, it was strange but Alex seemed unfazed. No strange looks, continued to sing, dance and chat with other people at the surrounding tables.
When we arrived back at the resort, I was rock hard, I started the conversation,
Ian: Look, about tonight.
Alex cut me off saying,
Alex: I had a lot of fun too, I trust you aren't mad?
Ian: Hell no, I just wanted you to know I love you and would never force you into anything you didn't want to do.
We started to kiss, I removed her shirt and skirt but left the panties on. I kissed her body and could taste the sticky remnants of our crazy night. I went down on her and ate her pussy slowly, she was soaked. I could tell she was horny and figured she was wet from earlier. She told me to take the panties off but I didn't want to, the image of another man licking her pussy was too hot, So left them on as a reminder. It didn't take Alex long to cum, she loves being eaten out, but tonight she moved around a little more then normal.
I rose up and tried to put my cock in her, she said "wait not yet", she rolled me over and knelt between my legs. Alex grabbed a hair elastic and bound her long flowing hair into a ponytail.
She started to suck my cock, slow at first and then bobbed up and down at a good tempo.
She whispered,
Alex: You like it when I suck your cock, don't you?
I asked her if she like getting her pussy eaten and she responded, which time, just a minute ago or at the club. I couldn't believe she was brining it up.
Ian: Well, both
Alex: Yah I loved it.
Ian: Which time?
Alex looked at me and pulled my cock out from her mouth, she licked my shaft from the base to the tip and said,
Alex: Well, I liked it when you just made me cum, but earlier was pretty exciting too, it was dangerous and a different kind of sexual.
With that I pulled her up and started to kiss her, she reached back and directed my thick hard cock into her pussy, she lowered on top of me slowly at first, making a grimace face while she whispered,
Alex: You're huge tonight, that must've been fun to watch.
Once she worked my cock in to her, she picked up the tempo and came once again very quick. Her legs quivered from her second orgasm I rolled her over and plunged my cock as deep as I could, the penetration caused her to let out a grunt and I started to fuck her hard, I felt like I need to exude my manliness.
Alex: Cum in my mouth, I want to taste you.
With that I hit my limit, I pulled out and moved up to hover just over her tits. I grabbed her hair and tugged her head to one side, Alex opened her mouth and I let out a sigh of relief as I shot a hot load of cum into Alex's mouth. Some hit her lips and even on her chin, Alex licked the remains from the head of my cock and even used her finger to direct the cum from her chin to her mouth swallowing every drop.
We are already planning our next trip.