Thursday's Detention...no longer itchy.
"After that stunt I pulled in shop class I hope detention gets juicy. I know there's no football practice tonight before tomorrow's game so I should have at least a few of my baller boys. Things have been crazy but not crazy enough for my tastes. Thanks to some unruly freshmen up here, and dealing with Mace fucking Tina Wiles in my bed, yesterday was an eye opener. I really need to stay more focused."
Piper Cherry mused over events while sitting at her desk in Detention room 69, located right next door to the Sun. Even at almost 4:00 in the afternoon it was like 120 degrees in there. "I've probably shed five pounds just sitting here for an hour each day. I hate to say it but I miss my jocks too much. Wood shop earlier was fun but it wasn't that first day in Detention. All those stroking cocks..." Thinking of it made her crazy wet, "FUCK ME! That first day was more amazing than I care to admit. I know the guys are hoping for more and I do have my toy that I promised with me in my locked desk drawer, although I should burn it after Mace and Tina using it. The timing just hasn't worked in their favor."
"I'm horny as hell too. I can't seem to get enough these days. I should really take up the offers of some of my other co-workers. Heck, I'd get laid every day if I did. Even my neighbor Henry is too busy to pop over much. Too busy for his own wife too. Josie's almost as insatiable as I am." Probably worse but she was not privy to everything about her bestie yet, almost but not all. "Between her favorite Coach and some students she's keeping satisfied. At least I can't feel too bad over that move, if she can get away with it. Against school policy but what the hell, they're of age, like my posse. I'm glad she and Henry can at least confide and conquer. Now that they've opened up about their relationship things seem calm. Before the storm? Who knows."
Having changed dresses due to sawdust Piper now wore a grey wraparound mini dress with a sash belt holding it around her body like a tight bathrobe, she looked stunning. Cleavage as ever bulging, her hemHISphere as she called her hip hugger hideout nearly crossing the line of showing off her backside should she bend over, Piper was ready should today be her luckier day. No panties worn these days she did still keep a pair handy just in case in her cubicle office next to Carl's. Wearing them only from the gym back to her cubicle just to accumulate her scent she removed them and left them as a gift in Carl's briefcase. She was ready if Angus and the boys showed up. After earlier she was certain the word was out amongst the jocks that she was needy.
"Fingers crossed. I need to see some dicks in action. I might even let them cum on me like they wanted if nothing gets in the way. They'll love that, even though a few of them already did last time. Only Darryl got a second chance outside during lunch yesterday, cumming on my toes. It's kind of fun knowing they're keeping things a secret, but eyeballing videos of me in their quiet time." Clock watching she knew her first arrivals would be showing very soon. Sure enough she heard voices in the hallway. Keeping her posture simple until she knew who her prisoners were she was delighted in seeing Antoine and Calvin show up. Darryl and Toby not far behind. The more boys that entered her adrenalin spiked. So far so good.
"Afternoon Busty Dusty." Toby saluted her with a friendly wave. She playfully flipped him off praying her itching didn't return. It was still hard not to laugh about it.
"There's my troublemakers. How many of you actually got a detention this time?" Not a single boy confirmed they had, "How many just wanted to come see me again?" Every hand rose laughing. "I thought so. Good thing you boys picked a fight over me again enough to make me give each of you a months detention." Untrue but funny, at least she had their participation covered. Not that anyone really noticed. With no football practice they were free to do as they pleased.
"We get worse. You haven't seen anything yet Miss Cherry." Calvin grinned.
"Oh? I'm shaking in my boobs." She shakes her chest playfully. "Sorry I left my boots at home. Heels again, just not six inch daggers this time around." They knew her heels well from Shop class.
"Boobs are better. Can't suck your toes again in boots." Antoine wagged his brows in a flirtatious manner. "Of course we could suck your nipples instead."
Eyes flaring at his hopefulness she trembled in a good way, "You have no idea how badly I need another massage."
"Just your feet again?" Toby licked his lips.
"Hmmm? I am kind of sore all over. I've been wrestling with my puppy at home. Huge Rottweiler." She lifted her cell up and located a selfie of the two of them together. "Isn't he adorable?"
"That's one big pooch." Calvin nodded.
"He might outweigh me." She shared a thought. As she bantered further, more of her first day class entered offering her a high five on the way by in taking a seat, a couple low fives played with her ass. In ten minutes before detention officially began 19 of her 21 originals were in attendance, minus Angus. She was almost disappointed, but she did know he had started chasing Dakota McKellen since that first detention. Maybe he was content to be with her, even though her parents really didn't know much about him, at least as far as Piper knew. She wasn't aware of Josie McKellen's dealings with the football team yet.
It was mainly Josie their mother that was leery so far as Piper knew, Angus had quite a reputation it seemed, a rep that didn't faze Piper in the least. Luckily, Josie had her hands full with Coach Roman Crandell, right below Detention even as she pondered over it, only with Basketball player Reese Teller. She still found Roman's last name amusing being so closely associated to the word candle. "Hmmm?" She pondered, "This morning Josie was protecting a boy named Nolan. He hasn't been up here yet, I wonder why not him being on the team? Curious. I need to investigate this more with my Bestie."
Of course Piper had her own secrets so being nosey might disrupt her own flow, not even aware of what Piper herself had done with the boys her very first Detention. Secrets kept meant not even Piper was willing to risk losing her job. The boys had all stayed true to their words and hid their perverted run in with Piper on her second day at Horton-Dexter High School, so far her Shop class flaunting. Although, a number of new boys saw her dance recital she hoped her jocks kept them in line. She was fortunate to say the least, so grateful that it inspired her to reward them in some way. To be determined she thought. Risky though it was, she couldn't ignore the fun in it all.
At exactly 4:00 on the very second she left her classroom and stood in the hallway waiting on stragglers that might be running late. With seconds to spare Angus made an appearance huffing from running all the way from the gym, not really he was just downstairs but he was a good actor. "You're late. Punishment required." She swatted him on the ass as he passed by.
"Anyone new?" He asked.
"No. Same ole' pervs. Our lucky day."
"Awesome. That means I can do this." In a brash move he picked her up, throwing her over his shoulder like a rag doll, and carried her squealing into the classroom. Leaving the door open behind them was probably a bad idea but neither of them cared at the moment. Once in the room he stood Piper down on her feet in front of her desk for all to see, and instantly untied her sash before yanking her dress from her perfect 10 body in a Lynda Carter spin. She found his aggressive approach breathtaking.
"I guess you must be happy to see me." She giggled as he tossed her dress away and picked her up as he had before, legs kicking at the air. On a quick tour through the aisles he held her firmly as boy after boy swatted her ass. Twenty slaps later her cheeks were rosy. "HOLY FUCK!" She whimpered. On the final swat he took her to her desk and sat her down, her bottom sensitive now that she had endured so much. Wincing at her aching buns she growled under her breath. "I was going to reward you guys for keeping our secret, now I'm reconsidering."
"Awwwww noooo!" Finn Rice shared the sorrow of the boys. She began to hop down when Angus planted his palms directly over her tits and squeezed them. Lowering her chin to observe his fingers leaving impressions she sighed.
"Starting my massage there AngAss?"
"Yep! Lay your ass down long ways on the desk." He barked as she stretched out on her tummy, he then set about taking off her shoes, calf wrapping coiled until removed. "You're up Toetruckers."
Antoine and Toby instantly hurried in to begin work on her feet. A cooing noise heard, Piper buried her face in her arms to mask far too early moans. Angus motioned three others in to scoot her swivel chair aside in order to surround her. Producing a small bottle of baby oil Angus squirted her backside from neck to heels, a healthy amount between her butt cheeks. Without wasting time the three boys, Darryl being one, Dandy Wright, and Lucas Raines the other two. They hadn't had any real contact last time and pointed that out. Hands scoured her backside thoroughly. At her butt crack fingers roamed deep without even asking. Feeling a finger taunting her butt pucker she lifted her hips higher as if asking for further attention. "How we doing Piper?" Angus chuckled.
"Work out the tension. Don't just play with my whistler." She demanded.
"You heard the Counsellor. Work her over." As more oil trickled down the guys dedicated a deeper kneading in all the right places. Between their hands, her toes being sucked on and the body massage she was in Heaven. This was better than her last massage parlor visit in Atlanta, she tried hard not to think of Mace's massage. Didn't happen! It did!
While she was entertained physically Angus motioned a fellow football player to keep a lookout at the door. Noting an all clear Angus turned to the remaining classmates and used both hands to instruct a large scale movement. Without Piper being aware the students all stood up and very quietly stripped out of their clothing, not a single zipper was heard. Even those that were shy last time were convinced to participate. Literally every boy in the room including Angus stood naked, dick mighty. Piper Cherry just had that influence over them. Over the last few days even in passing she slyly flirted and when possible even got handsy. She had even mooned them outside near the lockers. Darryl and Finn knowing her toes well from her lunch hour pedicure. Their sexy ass Counsellor was pure adrenalin frenzy. Truthfully they hoped to push her even further. Today could either do that, or make their dicks fall flat.
In order for Toby and Antoine to strip other boys took over massaging her feet, same for those boys rubbing her backside enthusiastically. Once nude they reclaimed their prize with even more sensuality. Individual toes were sucked on, even between each toe found a tongue frolicking attention.
"Shit! This is even better than the first time." She whimpered, her face still burrowed in her arms. While sighing heavily Angus crouched down at the side of her desk facing her forehead. Arms folded charmingly, his chin resting on a forearm he watched her intently, casually sweeping her hair aside to allow him to see at least a thin portion of her hidden features. In feeling his gentleness she opened her eyes and lifted enough to look serenely into his brown eyes.
"Hey beautiful! You have some pretty amazing eyes yourself. We all get lost in those big orbs of yours."
"Not just you AngASS?"
"Nope. We've all noticed. Even before I heard about Wood shop I was planning on us all meeting here today. The stunts you pull off in the halls has us all studying you more closely. I don't know where you came from but please don't ever go back."
"Awww! No worries I...rather like my new surroundings." A hand squeezes the tension in her neck, swiping her lengthy blond mane to her side for a better grip. She reacted to the hand by sharing a delighted wince at Angus. "I've so needed this."
"You need a lot of things gorgeous."
"Do I?" She moans slightly, almost seductively, as fingers tease her butt pucker yet again. "They seem to like my ass."
"There isn't a straight guy in this school that wouldn't. We hear rumblings, even the faculty wants a piece of you. Roger Dundee showed you off I hear."
"He did." She winks, "I'm content...at the moment. You've taken your shirt off." She noticed allowing her right arm to abandon her chin to reach over and caress his chest.
"Pants too." He grins staring at her as if he really wanted to kiss her.
"Why are the natives so quiet?" She realized tilting her gaze to see her entire class either standing or sitting in total nudity. "Well now, aren't they getting brave."
"We talk, we just felt like we should step up our..."
"Game?" She finishes his sentence, "I'm a game now?"
"That's not what I meant...I meant some of us were shy last time. We all agreed to not be so shy. If you can be bold then so can we."
"I see." She waves at her class watching her friendly greeting lead to a house full of jerking cocks. All looking at her with a starvation sneer.
"You know when I saw you in the hallway yesterday leaning against the lockers by the water fountain, talking to Mrs. McKellen, I envisioned turning you to face the lockers and taking you from behind."
"Right combination." She winks. "36-24-36."
"Do you...fantasize about some of us...doing that to you?"
"Of course I do. I fantasize 90% of my work day. What little work I do. Here's a thought, maybe I should set up counselling sessions with each of you in...private."
"Oh fuck yes."
"I considered asking Carl if I could fix this classroom up with my own money, turn it into my actual office as well as Detention. Daylight would be awesome. Add some fans to cool us off, maybe an...actual sofa to relax my patients."
"Sounds more like a Shrink's office." He chuckles, "None of us want to shrink. We want our big heads handled more professionally."
"Mmmm! If I do this right, I can make Detention so much more...fun."
"It took us two days to get together again. It might be another if..."
"I've been thinking about that too. I can always let certain students out of their punishment."
"All to ourselves?"
"Perhaps. I think I need my front massaged now...don't you?"
"On it." He stands up quickly not even thinking about his cock being level with her face. She flared her eyes as Angus bobbed to a halt in a glory pose. "Roll her over." In an abrasive manhandling Piper found herself face up with eyes exploring her body. "No more baby oil, this massage gets the good stuff." Angus goes to his pants and produces a second bottle of oil showing it to her, "I even bought Wild Cherry in your honor." Before she could even object he squirted her chest, belly, abdomen, and even her pussy. She gasped at it's sudden coolness. "Dig in you bastards."
Hands rolled the scarlet lotion in everywhere. Three hands became six, Toby and Antoine still tormenting her toes, moving to the front and back of her desk to pry her legs apart. Smothered in palms she trembles at just how erotic this was getting. Once the lotion was rolled into her pores each of the six football players stopped touching her, allowing her to look about as if offering her a chance to say no.
"What? He said dig in. Dig the fuck in."
Laughing at her eager demands they lowered their faces and feasted on every inch of her body. Both nipples swallowed with tongues swirling about, and teeth lightly nibbling she recited her favorite phrase, "FUCK ME!" Lips and tongues roamed her body while Angus took advantage of her lost thoughts enough to allow two more boys to hold her wrists away from touching anyone, even herself. Easily overpowered she enjoyed letting them take advantage of her. What made her curious was why nobody was eating her out. Fingers had rubbed the cherry oil into her clitoral area. Gathering her senses she tilts her gaze to locate Angus still behind her. "Is it because I let my landing strip grow?"
"No." Angus chuckled, "Just waiting until you beg for it."
"I like the airfield. Nice touch Miss Cherry." Calvin reached his large arm in between predators to lightly pet her two inch by one inch, soft, well groomed pubic fur. "Purr for us." She offered her best kitten purr then laughed.
"As close to a cougar as you get Calvin. Oh, wait! Hobbs was a tiger wasn't he?"
"May I do the honors?" Calvin asked permission. It stunned her slightly.
"Bone appetitty!" She winked. "I offered you guys a reward for being quiet so lick it good Buddy Boy." Pushing bodies aside Calvin makes his way into position at the foot of the desk. Those close to her pussy just roamed her inner thighs with warm exhales until Calvin grabbed her hips and drug her closer to him. Antoine and Toby chose to lift her legs further forward over her vultures. Wiping his chin Calvin looked over her terrain and grinned, "Going in Coach."
Digging in he evaded her clit and went straight for hole. His tongue digging as deep as it could possibly go while his thick lips were good enough to smother and tantalize her clit in just the perfect rhythm of rolls. Large fingers pried her hole wider for a bounty of juicy goodness. An ever so brief image of Carl Manley fisting her earlier in the day made her flutter her lashes. Lifting up just long enough to share his wet face Calvin grinned, "I love cherry gobbler." Cobbler! Knobbler! All in the same vein.
Laughter filled the room as Angus eyed the doorway, his lookout still shrugging as if expecting something to happen. A glance at the wall clock seemed to make him nervous. Whatever the reason Piper's shrill moans distracted him back toward her. "Daaaaamn! She likes being eaten out." Angus praises her soft performance, he wanted louder. Patting her cheek she looks back at him from an upside down angle, "Don't keep it in. We've got the hallway covered. We need to know how much you like our attention."
"LOVE IT! FUCK MEEEEEEE!" She screeched then shared a minor orgasm. Body quaking like a leaf the young men were wowed by her change in behavior. Hearing her cry out, "Fuck Meeeeee.", as she had, made them jerk that much harder. The entire room was moving in around her now. Again, chairs were scooted in to stand on for a better view over the taller men. Not perfect but certainly better.
Angus remaining at her head decided as her mouth gaped wide to chance something new. Taking his fuck you finger he trailed the ring of her lips then entered her mouth to touch her tongue. Instantly Piper Cherry began sucking on his finger with a heartfelt dedication. Angus looked around at his friends with a puckered lower lip, "Someone else is hungry."
Her moans escalated but her closed mouth muffled most of the drama. Calvin had added more fingers up inside her alongside his tongue. She tensed up yelping under her breath, but not once giving Angus any chance of his finger escaping. The guys were totally focused on her now. Not only were the usual's fixated on her feet, and pussy, her tits were popular eating places, even her belly button had a tongue in it. Fighting their way in snuggly, two boys managed to kiss her neck and suck on an earlobe. Piper Cherry was cumming hard. Poor Calvin had to weather the storm. Gusher after gusher flooded his face. Did he stop? HELL NO! Three fingers deep now.
While she grew more and more invested, the boy watching the hall wavered in his desire to participate, he was the only one fully dressed because of his mission. As the stairwell door opened at the far end of the hallway he grinned excitably then raced in to get the attention of Angus, forced to jump up and down waving to get his attention. Unwilling to remove his finger from it's alluring prison, mesmerized by Piper's sensuality, Angus merely shot a glance his way and nodded.
Although the entire room was filled with total nudity and fondling freaks, the doorway filled with even more men, unbeknownst to Piper in her concealed pleasure palace. None of her hungry, hungry hippies were letting up, neither was she. These newcomers were less jocks, more stoners, and hard rocker types, goth even, some from Shop class. Carrying a bookbag of toys the leader of the Goth Gang dropped it and they all took seats quietly, awaiting an introduction. Ten in all added their numbers to 31. The symphony created by Piper was intoxicating, the new group wanting a better view but holding back until Angus let them in. In time fellas. In time.
Mischief in the meanwhile led to a discovery of Piper's dress and belt sash. Plucking it up a young man in all black showed it off first then stepped out of the room taking her dress with him, returning later without it. It was going to be interesting when she couldn't find it anywhere.
Having drowned himself enough Calvin Knobbs pulled away hissing, "Better than Popeye's!" He laughed his belly jiggling. Standing up to stretch, another pair of fingers found her available and finger fucked her into a screaming frenzy. While Antoine and Toby tired of her toes they joined thoughts and just brought her feet clear forward to touch her ears. Devouring carrion forced away from her body to complete their mission they looked up at their fearless leader. Finally, pulling his finger from her lips Angus took her by the offered ankles.
"You flexible?" He winked at Piper's exploration of her barricaded surroundings.
"Am I flexible?" She rolled her eyes and even while being fingered drew her own ankles behind her head and hooked her feet together. Hips rising to compliment her endeavor the fingering went from a horizontal torture to a vertical pounding. "FUCK ME!" She reacted to the sudden plunges and twists. Pussy juice was spitting into the air like Old Faithful.
Behind Angus one of the clothed newcomers eased quietly through the gauntlet, trying not to touch any dicks along the way. Passing him something procured from the book bag Angus claimed it and delicately applied his secret weapon. Feeling something fuzzy on her ankles Piper heard her first click of restraint. A second click to her other ankle she was shackled by cuffs, her feet were not going to escape.
"WHAT THE FUCK?" She tried to wiggle a bit to see behind her, fully knowing what Angus had done. She was not going to be able to get out of her contortion. Holding her wrists a second set of cuffs intertwined around the others and bound her hands behind her neck as well. "ANGUS! What the hell?"
"Just relax! No one is going to hurt you. We just wanted to up..."
"That game?" She hissed.
"Tell me truthfully Piper, doesn't this turn you on?"
"Being incapacitated? Sure...love it."
"You have to trust us Piper."
"Do I have a choice?"
"Nope! But, we just want you to know how much you drive us crazy. So, we're going to drive you insane just to make certain you love every single one of us going forward."
"Oh, I see hearts circling my head like buzzards already."
"Hearts circling all of our heads Miss Cherry." Antoine laughed stroking his cock but pointing out his dicks mushroom shaped head.
"Hey!" Angus snapped his fingers to stop her adoring digit man, who nodded and pulled his own fingers out of her cunt in a string of cum. Laughing he wiped it on the guy next to him just for kicks. Nobody else laughed suddenly, they were worried Angus had gone too far, dicks were slowly reducing in size.
"OH HELL NO! Get those hands busy." Piper retaliated under duress, her face red from her contorted limbs pressured over her body. Hearing her they found a new set of rules, every single one of them began reviving up their rhythm. Gasps and sighs of desire filled the air. "So, AngASS...now that you have me what's the plan?"
"To make you want us more and more. Come on we all see it when you tease us like crazy outside of this room. We know Roger isn't satisfying that pussy."
"YET!" She hadn't had Roger at this point to know, "Oh, so you think your dick will."
"When you ask for it. I'm not going to just take you, much as I want to. We all want you to tease us even harder, what we need is for you to fully trust that we will never tell anyone. We just want...you."
"So cuffing me in a compromising position knowing you could all easily fuck the holy hell out of me, makes me want to trust you?"
"Has any dick entered that pussy?"
"Not yet, but I can see it coming."
"Just...trust us...okay?"
"I'm WIDE OPEN to whatever you decide Angus. All of you for that matter."
"Good! Bring me the tools." Angus raises his voice, invisible hands passing the book bag through the wall of testosterone. Once in his possession Angus digs into the bag and pulls out nipple clamps. "Nipples ready?"
"Perky as ever."
"That tells me you're still turned on."
"Of course I am. Christ, Angus, stop being naïve." Chuckles led him to clamp both of her nipples making her grit her teeth and wince in discomfort. Returning to the bag he pulls out a large rubber life like dildo and wags it at her. "Seriously? You call that a dildo? Bottom desk drawer, key to unlock it is in my purse on my car keys. Good gravy, do I have to do everything?" The room found her funny as heck.
Toby discovered her purse under the desk and dug in until he had the key. Unlocking the drawer he found Bodzilla, her favorite big boy dildo cleaned from her duel with Mace. Lifting it out of the drawer to share it's size every guy there went, "Whoa!"
"Damn! That's a donkey dick." Calvin huffed. Taking it from Toby he poised it over Piper, "Can I do the honors with this too?"
"Sure! Just use it on me when you're done." She grinned under pressure, looking over her brows at him. More guffaws fueled Calvin into sneering at her playfully.
"You sure this won't hurt you, Miss Cherry?"
"Use him three nights a week. Give my pussy hell Calvin. Don't make me have to tell your Aunt Patrice you wussed out."
"Yes Ma'am!" He grinned cheekily then lined the head of Bodzilla to her bright pink gap, still weeping from earlier. Easing it in the surrounding boys shared their awe as each inch spread her pussy lips wider and wider. At full insertion Piper's eyeballs had already retreated behind her skull to show off only the whites of her eyes.
"NO PLACE LIKE HOME. NO PLACE LIKE HOME. NO PLACE LIKE HOME." She loudly recited with a giggle and held breath. Once Calvin began fucking her with it there was no keeping her reaction to a minimum. Moans became shrieks, "FUCK THAT PUSSY CALVIN! GODDAMMIT! FUCK THAT PUSSY HARD." Eyes bulging at her outburst, he shrugged and took it upon himself to make her a screaming, slobbering mess, both from mouth to pussy. Two orgasms nailing her one after another, guys couldn't handle it anymore, dicks were cumming all around her.
Seeing them she manages a shrill, "ON...ME...ASSHOLES." A fair share of the guys crawled up on one knee atop the desk and pumped loads on her tits and face. Suddenly, they didn't care where their leftovers went. Toby even moved in for the kill and fired missiles into her mouth. Gargling it the best she could she spit it back at him. It was funny as hell.
Angus waited awhile longer before bringing in another secret weapon. Showing off a large vibrating wand he fired it up and pressed it directly over her exposed clit. The quaking made her scream bloody murder. It was after four more boys had coated her in cum that Angus nodded for his boys to dissipate in favor of letting her see her new arrivals. Even screaming she shot glances around the room and shared her emotional journey, climax after climax. The newcomers merely watched sharing a repetition of thumbs up as well as blown kisses.
"Cherry can't stop squirting." Calvin evaded another gusher as he slammed Bodzilla's rubber balls deep. Regardless how much she wanted to lose sight, she kept her gaze on the clothed boys. They were becoming almost fearful of her due to no blinking. Even convulsing hard she held her sights set.
Winding down Calvin pulled the massive dildo out of her in a flood of pent up cum, her pussy frothing white. Taking the dildo to her lips she let him fuck her face with it, taking in a good four inches to tickle her tonsils. Sucking her own cum from it until he took her toy away, Calvin sat it next to her and stood tall again cracking his back from bending too long. Angus shut off his wand and removed the nipple clamps bagging them up. Bodzilla was locked back up in the desk drawer and her keys returned to her purse. Catching her breath Piper stared at her audience.
"Trust went out the window." She sighed then looked at the boarded up windows, "If we had one." Angus left her still cuffed body as some of the original boys realized their hour of Detention had ended ten minutes ago, yet lingered to see the finale. Most of the others finished jerking and got dressed. "Enjoy the show?" She stared the goth crowd down.
"Yes Ma'am, we did. No worries Miss Cherry, Angus there is trustworthy, we're here because we really did get Detention. He just made us wait on the stairwell, kept his toys company."
"I hope the toys treated you as well as they did me." She scowled as the guys grinned, then realizing suddenly that she meant using her toys on one another, it gave them the willies, "Angus? What part of nobody else knows didn't you understand?"
"Two days Piper. We couldn't wait any longer to see you in private." Angus pleaded his case, "Ebonn and the others, well, we all pitched in and paid them to wait. We...had no choice but to fill them in."
"I'm Ebonn we've kind of met in passing Ma'am. Some of my buds here were in Shop class so the secrets kind of meshed together." The leader of the punks stood up, "Even though Angus there told us about y'all we swear to you we ain't talkin' to nobody else. You're a secret well worth keepin'."
"Heard that before." She stared at Angus. "FINE! I'll risk trusting you idiots one more time."
"At least we didn't fuck you without permission." Calvin huffed, "Wait! Does the monster toy count?"
"No, you boys didn't."
"Ain't boys, Ma'am. We're all men."
"Just not men of your word." She hissed in her confined predicament, one that she had not yet requested release from.
"Detentions been over for almost fifteen minutes Angus." A boy named Brian coughed up.
"If any of the faculty is still in the building we might get locked in." Another spoke up.
"Ummm? I do work here. Momma Cherry does have a key." She rolled her eyes.
"Right!" Angus nodded and started to get dressed himself.
"Nobody leaves here until I say so." Everyone cocked a brow at her commanding tone, even cuffed as she was. "We're talking this out before anyone here bails. Trust needs to be established all over again. Angus? You say you want me to tease all of you harder than I already do. I'll work on that. Strangely, I'm proud of all of you for not just going all the way."
"Would you have been mad if we'd tried that?" Angus winced, scratching his head.
"Debatable! I did just let you dumbasses jizz all over me. Toby even in my mouth."
"Gotta say I was scared to do that." Toby grit his teeth.
"Afraid I would bite your dick off?" She frowned.
"Maybe." He chuckled nervously, "Would you have?"
"I might have bit down but not drawn blood. Still, you didn't press the issue. That's why I'm trusting you once again."
"How can we prove our loyalty Ma'am?" Gavin Ruley fidgeted.
"I'll leave that up to each of you. Prove it before you leave this room. And stop referring to me as Ma'am!"
"Shit!" Angus realized, "Guess I should uncuff you."
"DON'T YOU DARE!" She sneers bitterly.
"Say what?" Everyone looked confused.
"You have me exactly where you wanted me. Now prove your loyalty."
"H-how?" Over fifty percent of them shrugged unsure of how to prove themselves.
"Jocks are so stupid." Ebonn stood up from his chair and strutted toward her desk. Reaching in to drag her body closer to the edge of the desk Ebonn shook his head, "It's all about gettin' into our heads you dickwads. Counsellor...remember?" He unzipped his jeans and whipped out a sturdy looking seven inch cock and took a chance. Lining his crown up to her gaping pussy he grinned at her exploratory gaze. Instead of thrusting inside her he merely slid his shaft up along her pussy striking her clit to make her quiver. "Head's up Miss Cherry." He slapped his dick on her clit one hard strike then backed away. Watching him zip up she puckered.
"Good job."
"Some of us are smarter than others." Ebonn motioned to the rest of the room, "Line 'em up." Angus stood back and observed as every guy in the room drug their dicks back out and nurtured them back to a force to be reckoned with. Man after man repeated Ebonn's performance hearing her alluring whimpers. After ten temptations she huffed her usual. "Fuck Me!" They didn't. They wanted to.
After each boy applied their tour of temptation, they left the classroom and faded from sight. Down to the core group of jocks consisting of Angus, Calvin, Antoine, Toby, and Darryl, Piper winked at Antoine and Toby next in line. "Once." She whispered, "Thrust must be established!" Her play on words went skimming right over their scalps.
Uncertain, Toby lined up his thick beast and looked her in the eye trying to read her. She beguiled him with a seductive sparkle in her eye. Swallowing dryly Toby took the risk and defied the natural order of those who teased before him. Sliding inside her pussy Piper's eyes rolled back, "Fuck Me!" He lingered a bit tilting his head back at how warm and comforting her pussy was.
"Daaaaamn! As she said...No place like home. No place like home." Pulling out he still slapped his cock over her clit then sighed, "I'll miss that." He zipped up and took his leave.
Realizing she wasn't angry over it Antoine next enjoyed penetrating her and even gripped her hips dragging her as tightly against him as he could, for a balls deep. She shuddered and confessed, "Ohhh, fuck! Loving it." He sighed his own exhale and pulled out then took a chance and kissed her on the lips.
"See you tomorrow Piper."
"Bye Handsome."
Stepping up Darryl not only slid home making her smile vividly with an accompanying, "Mmmmm!" He pinched both of her nipples taunt. "These haven't lost an inch since detention began."
"I somehow think I'll live out the rest of my days with hard nips." She whispered as he nodded his departure.
"May I do the honor, Miss Cherry?" Calvin was always respectful. For a very brief instant with Calvin above her ready for digging in she envisioned her ex-husband Davon Liberty. Clouded thoughts made him wait. Calming herself she smiled.
"Because you're always so polite...give me a high five."
"Ummm! Your hands are...ohhhh!" He suddenly just knew. Entering her first for effect, his girth making her gasp, Calvin reached under her contorted form and literally picked her up off of the desk and held her upright. Fucking her pussy five times while suspended in mid air she yelped giggling.
"FUCK YES!" She rallied and felt every single thrust with an appealing expression of joy. Carefully laying her back down on the desk he pulled out and politely gave her a peck on the cheek.
"Glad my belly didn't get in the way." He lumbered away zipping up. That just left Angus.
Moving into position he studied her emotions. He could tell she was happy. Prepared to penetrate Angus stood there a moment, then decided against tapping her hole.
"Angus?" She winced trying to read him.
"My way of making you trust me again. I'm gonna wait." Closing shop he dug into the book bag for the cuff key and unlocked both sets of cuffs. Able to once again feel her limbs she stretched and sat up with her feet dangling over the edge of the desk.
"That's nobility speaking. Good boy."
"God I wanna fuck the shit out of you." He admits with a saddened look.
"I know." She stood up stretching more vividly, "Good thing I used to be a chee..." She halts her own admission of being a very flexible cheerleader in Atlanta. "Anyway...we'll cross that bridge when we get there."
"Tease us harder than ever?"
"That locker by the fountain has our name on it." She winks and pats his left cheek. "Just...don't fail me. I love the attention I'm getting Angus. As illegal as this is..."
"Illegal? We're 18, all of us."
"Yes and I'm thankful for that, but I'm talking about Teacher student relations. Taboo."
"So why are you doing it then?"
"I led a very...uneventful...well, not exactly uneventful marriage." She sighs thinking of Davon's damage, "My sex life that is, I've kept a nympho at bay way too long. I promised myself when I moved to Nashville that this ho was gonna pull out all the stops. That's the plan."
"Bad marriage, huh?"
"You have no idea."
"I'm a good listener."
"Comes with that furthered trust Hotshot. Besides I'm the Counsellor, it's my job to be the better listener. Go on home, practice, whatever you do."
"Gotta go text Dakota."
"Another good reason for not putting Feisty there inside me?" She pats his erection.
"What? No...I...shit don't ruin my fantasy. I like Dakota, but..." Robin Banks too but that was his secret.
"Relax...I'm not saying no...just...no for now."
"Right! I'll see you tomorrow? In the halls and at the game."
"Later, Stud." As he takes his leave she sits back up on the desk and ponders the entire encounter. Exhaling in a troubled huff she smirks, "Even when I say FUCK ME! nobody does. That has got to change." Laughing she looks around the room for her dress. After a dedicated search she bulges her eyes, "FUCK ME! They literally fucked me. How in the hell do I get out of school naked?" Only her shoes remained, which she put on quickly then grabbing her purse to head out the door. Looking down the hall for safety she drops her jaw. "Oh, you pricks."
To her surprise all 31 men were waiting by the stairwell. Ebonn held her dress up with both hands as if ready to assist her in putting it on. Sneering at them she knew what they wanted. With a deep breath Piper Cherry strutted her stuff like a runway model, turning in step halfway down the hall to slap her own ass cheek for their amusement. Turning in step to resume her walk she saw half the boys head downstairs. Angus and Ebonn being last to head down taunted her until the very last second. Just before she reached the end of the hall they both took off down the steps. Hissing at their evasiveness was inevitable.
"Motherfuckers."
Coaxing her at mid flight she took the stairs only to watch them leave her yet again. On ground level she became more stressed over who of the faculty might still be there. It was nearing 5:30 so most everyone should be gone home. With her entourage motioning her it was safe she bit her lip and dared to take the long walk past her own cubicle, and the Principal's office. Luckily Carl had gone home for the day. Of course there was always the cameras Carl had hidden showing her off. She worried more about teachers like Elsa who were not so into her bold displays.
Rounding a corner she saw the boys either passing through the school's security turnstile or ready to. "These fuckers are going to make me walk to my car, I just know it. You wanted me teasing harder than ever, so get ready you pricks. Piper's here to stay." Defying even the surveillance cameras, which she knew Carl would erase footage of Piper Cherry walked right outside the school doors and felt the evening sun on her body. It felt really good. Cooler than her classroom for certain. Maybe it was the breeze on dried cum all over her and the oil in her pores. At the base of the front steps she finally reached Angus and Ebonn.
"Now that's teasing." Angus winked taking the dress from Ebonn and as he did the first Detention offered to help her get dressed. Instead of slipping her arms into her sleeves she rips her dress from his hands and tosses it over her shoulder and hooking it on one index finger like some 1930's detective show.
"No, this is teasing." She made the entire journey to her SUV without looking back, tits dancing wildly in her stride. Cars all around the parking lot began tooting their horns, sadly some of them were not her Detainees. She would have to deal with them sooner or later.
Getting in and starting her car she heard her cell ring in her purse. Plucking it out as she tossed her dress on to the passenger seat she notes the caller, "Great! Someone's already informed Carl." Eyes sealed she answers it. "Hey Chief."
"Hey yourself. I found your panties in my briefcase."
"They can keep you company until coffee in the morning." She aimed to act without stress, even with Angus and Ebonn waving as they passed her car. She razzed them silently and ignored them just as fast.
"Sounds like a plan. We can erase the camera footage of your streaking while we add sugar to our mugs."
"FUCK ME! You're still here aren't you?" She starts searching the lot, as cars vacate all around her.
"Sure am. That was some show."
"Get to it Carl. Am I fired?"
"Would I do that?"
"I hope not. You did tell Josie and I to up the ante."
"That was one hell of a lot of students you followed outside. Care to explain?" He just wanted to feel her squirm. If that was even possible.
"Cut to the chase Carl. If they watched me walk out naked, they obviously saw me naked in school too. I'm not going to beg for my job. While I'd rather not face allegations..."
"Will you calm down..." Carl laughed, "Do you really think I wanna give up on you that quickly? What did I say today...Iron Fist."
"I hope not. I like fantasizing about you fisting me. You know you want to fuck me."
"Keep dreaming. Not much escapes my notice Piper. Just catch your breath and we'll talk about things in the morning. Oh, and...wear something..."
"Nun habit?" She rolls her eyes expecting the worst.
"Nun of that." He chuckles, "Wear something a little less..."
"Revealing?" She cuts him off again.
"Open your mouth one more time I'll walk the twenty feet between our cars and stuff your panties in your mouth. I'll do what it takes if it means shutting you up."
"Y-you're that close?" She darts her gaze from side to side, then in her mirror to see him waving at her from behind. "Shit!"
"Are you done finishing my sentences?"
"Yep!"
"About damned time! Tomorrow and every day going forward I'm going to let you push the boundaries of attire. You and Josie both. And, yes I'll agree to your new request of dress code Friday's too"
"Crap! Big risk for you as much as us Big Daddy. You know about Josie too? Why she was protecting that Nolan kid?"
"I do! Come on Piper, Josie goes to Roman's office every afternoon before going home. I've witnessed her go into the boys locker room with him. That means showering together and good times. Not only that...she's told me herself. What she hasn't told me I generally see on surveillance."
"Sounds fun, we should try that. Showering together."
"Not on my calendar. Concerning your eventful Detentions..."
"I know, I know...stop while I'm ahead." Hearing him sigh she looks back into her mirror and watches him get out of his car to walk toward her hanging up. Rolling her window down she waits until he stands next to her car door. As he lifts her wadded up panties he stares with a grim expression. Drooping her jaw she accepts his feeding Piper her lace panties until she mumbles, "Sowwy Cahrhl." With a pout she just listens.
"If you're having fun keep doing what you're doing. Just be aware of ages and start using condoms." He was right, even what little she let the boys get away with, she still had dicks inside her. A thumbs up she mumbles a distorted, "Gawwcha!"
"By the way...clean up after yourself. The school janitor has already complained about sticky shit on your desk and the entire classroom floor. Lay down some towels or something. Y'know what? I'm just going to tell him the third floor is off limits. Problem solved. Just clean up after yourselves."
Taking her panties out of her mouth she reaches over and stuffs them into his shirt pocket. "Carl? Are you telling me to keep misbehaving?"
"I had a hunch what you were like even before I ran your profile. Atlanta Falcon's cheerleader, wife to a...I'm sorry you had to deal with that...daughter of a U.S. Senator...what am I missing?"
"Nymphomaniac?"
"God I hope so." He pats her arm, "Be more careful, but...keep being you."
"Carl?" She speaks as he turns to walk away.
"Yes?"
"Wanna have coffee before work from my kitchen?"
"Inviting me over may be your style Cherry but not mine."
"You can go through my wardrobe and set out the rest of my weeks outfits." She winks.
"Tempting. My wife might object though. Let's keep our fun confined to here at school."
"Just as well, my puppy might tear your leg off if I scream too loud." She smirks, "Hey! If you don't desire me why are you letting me get away with all of this? Including the student dress code. You know the girls here are going to be carbon copies of me."
"Cute." He chuckles. "I suppose my freak side is more voyeuristic. Trust me I've seen things that don't just involves teachers. Any idea how many times I've seen some of your jocks fucking in the halls? They think I'm blind! After all you and I've talked about I can't believe you even worry."
"Ever think I just play the victim card Carlos? I totally understand you have my back. Did you like when I danced in Shop class? How about when Roger lifted my skirt for a pussy shot?"
"Loved it all! Those are definitely upping that ante I mentioned."
"Ante raid?" She giggled, "I'm still going to break your will down Sarge. Oh, and I'm dead serious, Rotten is very protective of his Mommy."
"Fair enough warning. Might wanna put your dress on before driving home."
"Why? Where's the fun in that?" Window rising she pulls away and heads for home.
Carl returning to his own car paused to note a new arrival. "There's Josie. Just like clockwork." He spoke it exactly how it was heard. Watching Josie McKellen oblivious of his vehicle idling get into her own SUV he chuckled, "I need to hire a few more hot Teachers. Maybe, I'll finally tell her how badly I've wanted her all these years and see how she reacts." With a frown he thinks of his wife, "Naaa! It's just fun to watch these sluts. Hmmm? I guess I should run my new dress code by her too, skimpier the better. While their dresses are short there might be room for...improvement. What am I saying? Any more wiggle room they'll be wearing teddies. Fuzzy ones at that!" He grins noticing another late departure.
"Mimi Alexander?" He recalled telling Piper and Josie his small crush on the Art Teacher. Probably a big mistake confessing that but he did want the girl to be more openminded. "Now why are you so late getting out?" He did enjoy the mouse in the house a tad more than people knew. "If there's a breaking point I do believe it's her."
Tom was fond of Jerri!
MyMy!