This is one of my first ever storied I've written. Whilst the sex in the story didn't happen, there are a lot of true events that transpired in this story.
I appreciate all comments and feedback as I begin this journey.
My Best Friend Comes to Stay with Us
For the last few years, it has astounded me how much my wife Sarah enjoys sex and pleasuring me. I suppose from all the "guy talk" and banter amongst friends, I was convinced woman don't want sex as much as guys and that they don't get horny or crave a man's body. This is certainly not the case with my wife and I have a lot to be grateful for that.
Watching my wife explore and enjoy my body as I see the lust in here eyes and feel the passion in her fingers helps to show me just how much pleasure she gets from pleasuring the male body. This made me start to wonder that if she is so good at it, and enjoys it so much, is my body and cock enough for her? Does she want more? Could she handle more? It also made me start to wonder if she could help out some of those close friends who have mentioned they were getting any sex at home?
Which lead me to this story/ fantasy.
It was nice to hear from my close mate who I hadn't spoken with in a while that he was coming to town for a mutual friend's wedding. Of course, when he asked if he could stay the weekend, I told him, absolutely. We shared years of friendship, our childhood, going through puberty, learning to masturbate and many more first experiences together, we were close.
Mark arrived Thursday afternoon and settled into the guest room next our master bedroom. The smell of Sarah's delicious cooking woke him for dinner. Coming out his room, it was like nothing had changed in the last 6 years. He was still looking fit, dressed in black skinny jeans, his black and white converse shoes and a tight white t-shirt. He still had the same football player figure he had in high school and college.
Dinner was great. We reminisced about old times, caught up on what we had both done over the years and gradually moved to the lounge for some drinks. The conversation and drinks kept flowing, the jokes and laughter too and then the dirty jokes started and I knew it was time to stop pouring the drinks. Plus, I could see my wife getting flirty and I know exactly how Mark gets when a girl flirts with him. He goes full womanizer on them and it was already starting. I could see his eyes move down to her tits, which I'm used to from being married to an EE sized wife. So, to bed we went.
Saturday was a normal day getting ready for the wedding on Sunday. Sarah got her hair and nails done and boy did she look gorgeous in her low-cut thigh length summer dress with her brunette curls and long red nails. Something was making Sarah extra bouncy in her step today and looking mighty fine.
I made a joke to her that maybe we should have "Mark stay over more if it means she was going to put this much effort into getting dressed."
She joked back with a witty smile that "it's a lot of pressure having such a hot guy living under the same roof."
I sensed some truth to what she said and could see some excitement in her eyes as she struggled to make eye contact.
Saturday night for dinner we ordered takeaway, Sarah had on her third outfit for the day, a little more revealing than the last two.
We ate, we drank and had a good time before Mark said "Well, that was fun, but I am going to retire for the night."
As he got up, I noticed him adjusting himself but didn't think much of it at the time.
Sarah and I cleaned up getting ready to hit the sack. Feeling horny myself I started to make verbal and physical advances suggesting we head back to our room for some sex.
When Sarah was washing the dishes, I grabbed her from behind and I could feel through her thin dress she wasn't wearing anything underneath and was slightly wet.
I whispered in her ear "Baby, I can see you are all ready for me. Maybe I should just lift your dress right here and put it in?"
"Slow down babe, did you forget your friend is just down the hall?"
"I guess we better move this to the bedroom then?"
While Sarah finished the dishes, I went to take a shower and walking past Marks room, I heard some soft moans and the sounds of the bedhead knocking against the wall and giggled knowing he was jerking off. Smirking, I headed to the ensuite in our master bedroom for a shower. I found it odd Sarah hadn't joined me in the shower yet, there were only 2 dishes to go when I left her. After I got out of the shower, still wet, I wrapped a towel around me and headed out to find Sarah.
And what I saw absolutely shocked me and I froze in the doorway.
Sarah was leaning against the wall, peaking through the small opening to Marks bedroom door, her dress raised and her fingers rubbing her clit. She was watching Mark masturbate and rubbing herself while watching.
I had mixed feelings, my cock was getting hard, on the other hand I had never seen this side to Sarah. She was watching another guy jerk off. I was the only guy till now Sarah had ever seen naked. Mark's moans were getting louder and I figured he must have known she was watching and he was putting on a show.
I dropped my towel and started playing with my cock as i got fully erect. The site of seeing Sarah rubbing her clit, sliding her freshly painted long nail fingers in her pussy, one finger, then two, three fingers inside her, was making my weak at the knees.
Playing with her nipples with the other hand and all I wondered if Mark was watching or pretending to not notice her. I was getting harder and leaking pre cum and Sarah wasn't moving so I figured I could either wait for her to come to our bedroom, or wait and see what happens.
Realizing she had no intention to walk away I walked up behind her and laid my hand over her hand which was already on her pussy and I replaced it with my other hand. My left hand then went straight to teasing her nipple.
She jumped knowing she had been caught but she also didn't bother trying to stop and walk away. I nibbled on her ear and whispered to her, "you might as well finish what you started, you sexy horny little devil."
Over her shoulder I could see Mark stretched out on the bed naked and jerking his cock with his left hand, his right-hand teasing and his upper thigh and low hanging balls. Every few minutes he would stop jerking his cock to pinch his nipples making his cock twitch. His moans got louder and there was no doubt he was putting on a show. He never made eye contact, but no one masturbates like that unless they are showing off for someone.
Mark's cock was roughly the same length as mine just maybe a lot thicker. He also kept most of his pubic hair which made his cock look slightly rougher and more ragged compared to my trimmed pubes and clean balls. Mark was tanned with a washboard stomach and muscles in all the right places. What some might call a swimmer's body.
With Sarah's hands being free now, she reached behind her back and started rubbing my hard dick, never turning her eyes away from Mark.
Mark's moans got louder and his breathing heavier and I knew this meant he was about to cum.
I tried to take Sarah's hand and walk away with her before he finished, in a last attempt to stop her doing something she regretted or taking this too far.
But Sarah just stood there, looked at me, and mouthed the words "not yet".
It was seconds later when we heard "Ahhhhh Yeahhhhh Ohhhhhh I'mmmmm cumming Yeahhhh" and Mark shot his big load of cum. The first shot hitting his check, the second his chin, the third his chest and then numbers four, five and six landing on his stomach, the seventh and eighth in his pubes.
Sarah's mouth had dropped and she was now biting her tongue and I felt her pussy shaking and a little dribble. Her nipples were rock hard and her breathing was heavy. She was turned on and she was having an orgasm.
As soon as the last shot landed in his pubes, Mark threw his head back and Sarah took me by the hand and walked me back to our room. I sat on the end of the bed, Sarah sat down on my lap and I just looked at her and said, "what just happened?"
Sarah told me "I was walking to our room and heard the moaning sounds coming from Mark's room and I don't know what got into me but my legs just froze." "Then I found myself walking toward his room and it took me every ounce of control not to walk in."
Though this should have made me angry, instead my cock twitched and I got harder.
I lifted Sarah off my lap and stood her up, I lifted the two straps on her shoulder and moved them to the side and her dress slid right off freeing her big firm tits and erect nipples and she was now completely nude. I was admiring her beautiful body, her big EE tits in front of my eyes and her glistening pussy which was so wet by now.
Sarah pulled my head into her pussy and I knew immediately what she wanted. I stuck my tongue out and started licking her pussy. It didn't take long for her to cum and I knew this wouldn't be her last orgasm for the night.
After cumming Sarah got on her knees between my legs, unwrapped my towel and went straight to sucking my hard cock. Sarah knew how to give the most amazing blow jobs. We used to joke at what an expert cock sucker she was. She started with the head of my cock sucking like she was trying to get the sugar out of a lollipop. She proceeded making her way down my cock till she had the whole thing in her mouth and continued to suck. Big strong sucks, just the way I like it.
Every time she felt me get close, she would take my cock out her mouth and suck on my balls, one, then the other followed by both at the same time. Her manicured red nails looked so perfect wrapped around my cock.
From where I was, I could see we had forgotten to close the door but figured Mark would be fast asleep by now.
It wasn't long before Sarah and I were so worked up I needed to feel my cock inside her wet pussy and she needed a big cock in her pussy.
Sarah pushed me back and moved up to the bed before she started to slowly lower herself onto my cock. As soon as all seven inches were up inside her waiting pussy, I could see a sense of relief and pleasure all over Sarah. She was in her happy place now and so was I.
Sarah started riding my cock up and down for a few minutes before I grabbed her hips and flipped her over so she was now lying on her back with me on top. Missionary style, my cock all the way in her pussy meant I got to stare straight at her big full boobs. I remembered seeing Mark stare at her boobs and was thinking to myself, how much he would enjoy the sight of them like I was now. And how unfortunate it was he would never get to see them.
As I'm thrusting in and out of her, I alternate between long and slow thrusting and hard and fast fucking. Every now and then leaning down to take her tits in my hand and her nipples in my mouth. As I'm getting faster, I hear her breathing get heavier and I know she is on the verge of cumming.
I start playing with her boobs to help her over the edge and as her orgasm is building up and I notice she is about to cum, she starts saying "I love your cock", "give it to me!", "you're so hot!", "yeahhhhh baby, more!", "It's so big!" "so thick!"
I look down to see her face as she orgasms and is repeating the same words over and over. I then noticed she was looking over my shoulder and behind me towards the door. When I turn my head to look in that direction, I see Mark standing at the door, naked and with a hand wrapped around his cock.
At that moment Sarah and I came together both having one of the biggest orgasms we have had in a long time.
Sarah and I collapsed onto the bed with Mark still standing there, hand on his dick.
Once we caught our breath and looked his way he started apologizing over and over again.
Feeling bad and turned on at the same time, to lighten the mood and relax the atmosphere, I turned to him and said "fair is fair dude! She watched you".
Mark replied "yes, fair is fair buddy" and he gave a wink and a smirk.
I've masturbated enough that I could tell Mark was getting close to cumming for the second time that night and I was worried about the new carpet we just got.
I said to Mark "dude, you look like you are about to shoot"
He replied "you're right, shit, where should I cum, I'm not gonna last much longer?"
Sarah looked at me with a look I haven't seen before. Like she had an answer but she didn't want to say it. Or maybe she wanted me to answer...