Mine was an arranged marriage. After one month of Marriage I had to accompany my husband to Delhi where he was working in an MNC. I was apprehensive as i had never been to Delhi but my in laws would hear none of it, though they agreed to send Laltu with us to help me in my household chores. Laltu was a young boy who used to do odd jobs in our house. He had lost both his parent at an early age and my father in law was benevolent enough to keep him in the house as a help and now they were sending him with us. He was just a boy and I wondered whether he will be of any help to me there.
Anyways we moved to Delhi and started staying there with Laltu helping me by doing odd jobs. Rajesh was a type of husband any women would be proud of. He used to work hard at his office thus making a name for himself and he never ignored his family duties and was a dotting husband. Our sex life was good and I never carved for anything which he cannot provide. In short we were a happy family and planning to start a family of our own very soon.
Laltu in the meantime had grown a little and had started taking interested in female as I had caught him watching FTV lingerie show on TV. I had ignored it assuming it is all a phase of growing up and I used to make sure that I was fully covered up in front of him. His best friend was the watchmen Raghu and he used to spend all his spare time with him. Sometimes Raghu used to come to our house to be with Laltu when he was free. I wondered what topics they discussed but I never had any interest to know in details though I had found them staring my butt several times but I ignored it as I knew that since I had good round boobs and my butt are fuller most men can't resist to keep their eyes off my body for a long time if they are around me.
One Saturday night my husband was out of town and I attended my best friend marriage anniversary party alone and ended up drinking a bit more than my capacity. As I took a cab I knew that night my head was spinning and it got worse when I reached my apartment. I clearly don't remember paying the cab driver but I do remember Raghu and driver both trying to help me get out of the cab. As I came out the cab I remember my pallu dropping from my shoulder and Raghu making a bunch and holding it in one hand. Now my heavy boobs were without pallu and the whole stomach area was naked. Both men were holding me from both side and as my arms were on their shoulders trying to support me both my heavy boobs were right in front of their face. I was in no position to do anything but I clearly remember that they were cupping and petting my heavy butt and deliberately pressing their body against mine. Since it late at night no one else was there. Next thing I remember was Laltu opening the door after that how much I tried to remember the events of that night I couldn't.
In the late morning suddenly I became wide awake as I realised that I was not wearing a single piece of cloth and only covered by a thick blanket. I tried to reconstruct the whole night but failed to remember beyond Laltu opening the door. I got up searched the drawer and put my nighty on, found my sari, and blouse and petticoat neatly folded up in the next drawer, but the bra and panty were missing. I went to the kitchen and found Laltu making breakfast, I tried to read his face but he was behaving very normal as if nothing happened but the pain in my vagina and nipples and my missing innerwear was telling a different story. I did not know how to confront him as he was only a boy, and I was too embarrassed to ask him directly about my missing innerwear. I took a long bath and promised myself to find the whole truth and by the evening I had made a plan that I was certain will work.
I did not mention the incident to my husband and life returned to normal once again. After few months, my husband again went on a trip and to find the truth I send Laltu one evening to buy a vodka bottle from a nearby store. Laltu was happy to bring me one. As Laltu was busy doing chores in the kitchen, I pretended that I was drinking heavily in my room while having only a small amount and throwing the rest in the sink. As the night progressed I came out my room dressed in my nighty slumped on the couch in the living room pretending to be fast sleep. For about half an hour nothing happened besides Laltu coming there and seeing me asleep and going back to his room.
I thought my plan has failed and was about to get up and go to sleep when I heard him talking on phone. He was talking to the watchmen, it seems Laltu has already informed him earlier about me drinking in the evening and this call was just a confirmation call that I indeed had passed out. After the call he came to the living room and slowly lifted my nighty up to the waist exposing my milky white thigh and a clean shave pussy. I regretted not wearing my panty and bra before embarking on this plan and I couldn't explain myself why my pussy is clean shaven. Now all my body below waist was naked in front of Laltu and he was staring in non-stop. I wanted to catch the watchmen also in the act so I pretended to be in deep sleep.
After a few minutes I felt a moist lip on my pussy and I guessed Laltu was kissing the mound and running his hand on my legs. I was seething with anger from within and wanted to teach him a lesson but I had to wait till the watchman arrives. I saw with closed eyes Laltu was taking his penis out and I was horrified and couldn't imagine Laltu fucking me. But as soon as he took his penis out from his pant he ejaculated and I heaved a sigh of relief. It is just a matter of few minutes more I thought, but it took longer than that and Laltu used that time to pull my nighty off me making my heavy boobs also on display. Now my whole body was naked.
After full half an hour there was a knock on the door and I was happy that my plan has worked and I was about to caught hold of the watchmen also. Laltu opened the door and I was shocked to see many body builder type people entering with the watchmen. Laltu closed the door immediately I counted they were four besides watchmen all heavy built with full biceps and heavy chest. I was terrified I couldn't think what to do and I kept sleeping fully naked exposing all my assets to these strangers. All were feasting their eyes on my naked well shaped body. The position of my body combined with its nudeness was arousing them all. Then watchmen said to one of the men who looked like leader of all four," I told you to bring at least 8 and you are only 4, this lady in not like other lady when she is drunk and out she fucks like a beast. Last time we were 4 guys and she fucked all of them and dried them all in less than half an hours and she was asking for more, she was like a tigress in bed sucking every cock wanting more and more cocks up her ass and pussy. We had to run away seeing this bitch in heat. I don't know what will happen today.
I was shocked and couldn't believe my ears. I had never thought of myself capable of arousing men so much. The leader of the gang was nodding his head in approval. He said," yes you are correct we need reinforcement, her naked body is so beautiful, so milky white, so perfect, like a goddesses of fuck that nobody can last a min. She is the ultimate fuck and she can satisfy a hundred men.
I was double shocked and I remember Laltu ejaculating in a second. I was sorry for him now. Hearing them talking about my body and my sex powers all my anger evaporated and juices began to flow from my pussy. My horny pussy was ready to take them all...
To be continued...