My iPhone began to buzz, making my handbag shudder gently. Lifting the phone out of the bag I could see that Brian was calling.
Holding the phone up to my mouth, I swiped the screen and accepted the call.
"Hi Brian and what do I owe this pleasure?" I drawled.
"Can I pop round, there is a few things I want to discuss!" Brian blurted.
"Things you want to discuss or me you want to fuck?" I teased.
"Am I that transparent?" Brian giggled.
"Come round now honey and I'll wear something sexy for you! Anything you fancy in particular?" I enquired in an efficient tone.
"Boots, stockings anything you want as long as I get to see, feel and fuck that delicious shaved pussy!" Brian snarled in a cute way.
"You remember that James has given you the all clear to fuck my ass!" I teased.
"Oh my god you dirty filthy slut. I'm almost coming at the thought!" Brian coughed.
"I'm sure you'll like it. Now hurry up as you've got me all horny! Get round here and fuck me before James gets home! And Brian we'll keep this between us. James doesn't need to know!" I teased.
"Anything you want babe as long as I get to fuck you!" He laughed.
"Of course you can and you know it's much better when a girl can be naughty! I do like to cheat now and again! Today I will be your slut Brian!" I whispered,
I hung up the phone and went back up stairs. I'd only just stepped out of the shower when Brian rang, and he lived about 10 minutes from us. I decided that I would wear the following: I pulled on a pair of silky black seamed stockings with a spiked high heel black court shoe. I attached the stockings to my soft leather look Waspie, which cinched in my narrow waist perfectly. I decided against a bra as Brian was a tit man and would spend ages playing with my tits and sucking my nipples. I put on my tight leather waistcoat which made my tits look huge and my waist look tiny. Brian was going to freak when he saw how I dressed for him.
No thong or panties as I was Brian's slut and he'd need access to all of my holes. A fine spray of my Chanel no 5 and I was ready to be fucked. I took out the baby oil and a few dildos and vibrators, placing them on the bedside table For use during our infidelity. Closing the bedroom drapes, I dimmed the bedroom lights, not too dim but enough to keep the mood sexy. James would not be home until 7:00pm that night and it was just coming up to midday, so that left a lot of time for Brian and I to fuck each other's brains out before James got back.
This was the fun thing about my cheating. If I could fuck Brian and get him away before James returned then I'm being naughty and cheating on my husband.
If I fuck Brian and James turns up, then I'm just being a hot wife slut. As long as I'm getting Brian's cock then everything is good.
I looked out of the window to see Brian's car pull onto our drive. I went downstairs in my slut outfit to greet Brian at the door. Brian tapped lightly on the glass panel of the front door. I opened the door slowly revealing my lingerie and shaved pussy to anyone who was walking past. Brian smiled a wicked smile and stepped into the doorway and held my waist as he kissed me passionately.
Closing the door I smiled and winked at Brian and whispered.
"Shall we take this upstairs? I'll be your married cheating slut" I smiled as Brian drank in my curvy unfaithful body, draped in sexy lingerie for his eyes only.
"Hold on a second and I'll strip off here!" Brian enthused.
He removed his shirt, revealing his buff torso as my long taloned nails gently scraped his chest. Next he dropped his jeans and boxers in one fell swoop. Kicking off his training shoes he now stood completely naked. His cock was pointing upwards, which delighted me as I wrapped my left hand around the long hard shaft. Brian gets a kick out of seeing my wedding ring on display when we fuck, so as a little incentive I stroked his cock with my wedding ring in full view.
"Come up stairs with me. This cheating married slut wants you to fuck her in all her tight holes!" I smiled as my eyes half closed at the thought of being fucked in the ass by Brian.
I grabbed Brian's cock and led him up the stairs. Brian stroked my naked ass and slid a finger along my shaved slit. I took a step up the stairs as Brian's fingers slid deep in my pussy. I half turned to face him and kissed him deeply as his finger snugly rotated inside my pussy. We continued up the staircase exploring each other's mouths and bodies. When we reached the top I turned to Brian and said.
"You're going to fuck me in my marital bed. Every position and every hole!" I said in my huskiest tone.
Brian unbuttoned my waistcoat, slipping it over my arms, he revealed my huge firm tits and began to softly manipulate my boobs. I moaned softly, enjoying his manly hands stimulate my sensitive nipples. He kissed me lightly, brushing his lips over mine and flicking his tongue around my lips and mouth. I moved in close, as my bare pussy felt the heat from his hard cock as it brushed my shaved pussy. I moaned loudly as he held my Waspie clad waist, pulling me closer to him. He turned me around kissing my neck with soft kisses and gentle nibbles. His cock nuzzled between my buttocks as I gently swayed my hips feeling his shaft nudge my pussy. His kisses were tickling my neck and ears as I felt his hot breath gently tease my ear. His hands were gently squeezing my huge tits as I arched my back slightly, allowing his cock to slide inside my very wet, tight pussy.
"Oh fuck Brian, that feels so good!" I moaned approvingly.
Brian held my Waspie clad waist and pushed his hard eight inches deep inside me. I let out a gasp as I began to ride his delectable meat with my cheating married pussy.
"I love fucking you when you're dressed like a cheating slut!" He whispered with just a hint of menace.
"I love being a cheating dirty slut for you and will wear and do anything you want!" I panted.
Brian ushered me to the bed and I climbed onto my marital bed still impaled on Brian's cock.
"Would you like to take photos of you fucking me?" I teased riding his cock.
"Fucking hell of course I would!" He implored.
"You can even video me being your slut if you want. Would you like to video your cock going inside my ass?" I questioned with a huge amount of tease. Brian unplugged his cock from my pussy and dashed down the stairs to collect his iPhone. He rushed up the stairs just as quickly, to find me lying on the bed with my stocking clad legs wide open with a rather large black dildo sliding in and out of my cunt. He smiled at me as he held his phone and clicked away. I moved into a variety of positions, displaying myself to Brian with the black dildo fucking me delightfully. With my face on the bed and my ass in the air, the black dildo was very deep inside my pussy making my asshole twitch with every thrust. Brian was videoing this sexual display and I was loving every exhibitionist minute of it. I plunged the dildo deep and held onto it with the force of my pussy lips. Brian kept recording as I placed my taloned nails on my butt cheeks and spread my ass wide. Brian climbed onto the bed and I felt him spit on my asshole. I groaned with delight at what was about to happen. As Brian was just about about to push his cock into my ass, I turned my head back toward him and smiled.
"Remember lover, James is not to know you were here fucking my ass! This is our dirty little secret! Now fuck my unfaithful ass!"
I felt Brian's hot hard cock push gently at my sphincter and slid past the tight opening, as my ass took his length willingly.
"I've always wanted to fuck your ass you unfaithful slut!" Brian growled
Feeling the searing heat of his cock as it speared my ass was sensational. I began to ride his cock and moaned softly.
"Fuck my ass Brian but don't tell James. Let me be your cheating slut!" I surrendered to his cock.
"I want to fuck you regularly without James being here! I want you dressing and teasing for my cock to fuck all your all tight holes!" Brian demanded.
"I'm your hot wife cock slut Brian! You can do what you like with me, whenever you want!" I smiled turning my head back toward him as his cock stretched my asshole.
With Brian's cock in my ass and the big black dildo stuffing my cunt, Brian leant forward, placing his phone on my bedside table and grabbed a rabbit vibrator. Taking the dildo out of my pussy, he replaced it with the rabbit, switched on full speed. Handing me the black dildo he grinned.
"Suck this black cock and imagine your being gang-fucked!"
I obediently began sucking the black dildo. My juices were running down the phallic toy as I sucked it like it was a real live black mambo cock. The rabbit was stirring all kinds of sensations in my pussy as Brian's cock plundered my ass.
"When I come it will be in your mouth and you will swallow it all!" Brian ordered.
I'd never done ass to mouth and although it sounds disgusting it was sending the most outrageous sexual feelings through my being.
"I'll do anything you want!" I implored
Every time I'd fucked Brian, he always had incredible stamina, but today I think I'd found his weak spot as he snarled that he was about to spunk.
"Please come in mouth!" I panted willingly "I want to be your fuck slut!"
Brian grabbed his cock at the base and removed it from my ass. Kneeling in front of me he held my short blond hair and pushed his cock into my open mouth, as spurt after spurt of hot spicy spunk filled my mouth. I looked into Brian's eyes as he continued to empty his balls into my mouth. The taste was no different to a normal blowjob as I licked the length of his semi erect shaft. He took the rabbit off the bed and gently pushed the revolving tip inside my asshole. I continued kissing and worshipping his beautiful cock as he turned the vibrator on full, sending delightful pulsing vibrations right through my ass. I'd never experienced a sensation like this and made a mental note that this would definitely be repeated. Brian tapped me on the shoulder as I took his cock from my mouth. All of his spunk was well and truly swallowed as he held me close to him, with the vibrator still tingling inside my ass. He lay down beside me, kissing me passionately as he squeezed my firm breasts. I was on my back with my legs wide open, kissing my lover passionately with a rabbit vibrator fucking my ass!
Brian parted from our kiss and looked me directly in the eye.
"I can't believe how such a beautiful sexy woman with an incredible curvy body is so willing to let men use her as a cheap cheating slut!" He stated with a very large grin.
"Brian I love cock! I love fucking! I love seeing men find me sexually attractive and I love to display myself, plus I do love being a dirty cheating slut!" I smiled as the vibrator began to bring me off.
Spreading my stockinged legs wide on my marital bed, I removed the rabbit vibrator from my ass. Kissing Brian gently, I felt his strong hands play with the tightness of my waist cinching Waspie. My huge firm tits were heaving from my orgasm as I took one of Brian's hands and placed it on my shaved pussy.
"Now be a good boy and cover me in baby oil and slide your huge cock inside your unfaithful slut and fuck her! Fill her with your spunk before her husband gets home! And before you ask, yes you can fuck my ass again!"