Nigkala Tales Pt. 04: How I went to the Past
A terrible accident leads to good times
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
My tale continues with the story of me having my left hand amputated. Yes, I do have a perfectly normal working left hand now, but for a time I didn't. That accident started a chain of events that led to me unexpectedly traveling back in time to Sumeria. Here is how it happened....
"Someone call 9-1-1! Call 9-1-1!" That is all that penetrated the pain in my left hand. I passed out shortly after that. Earlier that day, we were doing a complex fight scene on a cluttered stage. It involved jumping from place to place, as I chased the villain, swinging my sword the whole time. All week, we were plagued with minor glitches and mishaps. The actor playing the villain messed up his lines a few times, and missed his mark a time or two, so the director had us do it over, and over, and over. Each time, we had to reset the scene, and take our places. We had been at it for hours. Later footage revealed the villain made a misstep, and to complicate matters, one part of the set was not secured properly. This caused him to fall back into me, knocking me down into another part of the set. Somehow, this all combined to knock over a heavy statue on the set. It landed on my hand, crushing it, and nearly severing it at the wrist. I was spewing blood, and if someone hadn't made a tight tourniquet around my wrist, I could have bled to death in minutes.
My next memory was waking in a hospital bed, with aches and pains all over, and in traction. The next few days were blurry as the pain meds kept the pain down to reasonable levels at the cost of focus. I had several trips to surgery to make assorted repairs. When they let me experience more pain so I could focus, they told me what happened. They also told me that they could not save my hand, even though they tried. The next few days, I talked with a number of people. I spoke with the doctor, with Filipe, with my agent, and with the director and producers. The doctors didn't like releasing me to work half days, and the director didn't like having to reverse some sets to film my right hand as my left. Still, we were able to finish filming only a month overdue. My agent, and the studio, managed to keep my amputation a secret, and put out the story that I was taking a break from filming because of the dangerous situation I had been in. They also mentioned that after twelve films, I would be taking a break for inspiration. The director had to use existing footage from earlier takes to make the scene, as well as some creative script editing to make that scene work.
While I was working half days, I spent several hours each day in a meditative state focusing my mind on healing my body. However, my body image was me without my left hand. I was eating a lot, but not gaining weight because the food energy was going into repairing my body. The main result of this was that despite all the surgery and the damage my body had taken, the only evidence of the trauma after a month, was my missing hand. I spent the next month resting at home, and considering my options. My kids were devastated to learn what had happened, and Filipe was dismayed, but they supported me. I asked them all to keep it a secret, and they did. Near the end of that month, I had an epiphany. My mind caused my body to grow extra breasts, why not use it to regrow my hand?
Over the course of the next two weeks, I mapped out a plan, but I needed a reputable doctor to oversee my plan and to measure and record it all. I also told my family a bit of my plan, but not all of it, as I was unsure of their support of my methods. In the end, we expanded the guest bungalow in the backyard into a two apartment bungalow with a secret lower level that would serve as a training area for me and a measurement and recording lab for the doctor. My research for a medical person resulted in me hiring Dr. John Henry Holiday. I checked, and it seemed he was a fan of the old western, and even had his name legally changed. We came to an agreement, and I had him measure me in all sorts of ways. He checked blood components, x-rayed my arm to show the current state, and took pictures. I made sure he recorded everything with date, time, and place. I wanted to, someday, leave this information to posterity. I paid him well to keep silent. I also kept a journal to record my feelings, thoughts, and actions through this process.
I knew I would have to hide from the public to keep the amputation secret. So I arranged to video conference for the occasional interviews and other things to let people 'see' me about without seeing my missing hand. I stayed inside most of the time, with my missing hand completely hidden when I went between the house and the bungalow. It worked, as no paparazzi found out about me. I spent a lot of time with my kids.
We spent a month recording a baseline before I began my body image hypnosis. I built the idea that my body could regenerate just like a lizard's tail. I already knew there had been advances that let fingertips regenerate, so I incorporated that knowledge into my body image. Each day started with measuring my arm. Each week my blood was analyzed. Just over three weeks had passed when Doc Holiday spotted a change in my measurements. While he indicated it could be measurement error, I knew it was not. Two weeks later, he finally admitted something was happening. I just reinforced my body image and ensured I ate a suitable diet for creating new flesh and bone. When the growth reached a quarter inch, he admitted to me that he didn't believe it was possible, but it seemed to be working. It took nearly a year before the hand was fully regrown. It took another month of training before it had calluses like my right hand. While I trained, Doc wrote up everything, describing his own journey from believing I was a nut to true belief in the power of the mind. I gave him a big bonus, and secretly hypnotized him to not speak of this until I was dead or had given permission. My family was overjoyed, but they were skeptical of how I claimed to have done it.
After the doctor left, I invited the people I worked with on the film to show them I was fully recovered. I asked them to continue to keep the secret of what really happened that day, especially as I was now whole. The studio was somewhat different, and it took some of my whammy to make them play nice. I spoke to my agent, and had him visit. "It's a miracle!"
I smiled. "Yes, and I feel ready to rejoin the world."
"So, you want to get back in the game?"
I nodded. "Can you find a way to make my absence seem 'normal', and just a brief hiatus rather than any hint of trauma?"
"Hmmm. We could say you were searching for inspiration for the next movie, and then have you 'inspired'. What do you think of that?"
"I think that works, but what would inspire me sufficiently?"
"Well, I recall seeing some random news that some archaeologists are working on some sites in the Mideast, possibly even Sumer. We could have you do some sightseeing, and perhaps join some at a dig. I think that would work."
I thought about it for a bit. "Nigkala is from Kish. Is that one of the sights?"
"If not, I think a suitable infusion of capital would encourage them to do something." We discussed how to do that, and finally came up with a plan for me to tour the ancient city of Kish, with a photographer and a Hollywood journalist. We would also contact the archaeologists. I would leave in three weeks.
My youngest, at four, took a lot of explaining to, telling him I would be away for a few months. My oldest just asked me not to miss his graduation from high school. My husband just asked me to take notes of any significant sexual encounters I had, as he wanted to hear all about whom I did, and what I did with him or her. He also gave me a new phone and solar charger. He even included a couple extra memory cards. I promised to take lots of pictures.
I met my team when I got off the plane, as they were knowledgeable locals. While there, I spoke with several archaeologists and historians to learn more about the real home of the character I played. I had been there about two months when I decided to make myself better blend in by making a few outfits in the current local style, and even one in a historically accurate style.
The day after the historical outfit was completed, there was huge news: a new level was discovered in the ancient ziggurat temple to Inanna, the same goddess Nigkala worshipped. Three days later, I was invited to the discovery, along with my crew. I wore the historical outfit. The lead archaeologist John Maxwell commented on the accuracy of my outfit. "Where did I buy it?"
"I didn't. I made it myself. I finished it a few days ago, as part of my effort to look my part."
"Wow. I am impressed. You have an eye for detail that any museum curator would love." John led us to the temple, and after a short briefing on the rules, led us inside. Surprisingly, this new level was taller than the others, which I quickly noticed since I didn't have to duck here. One or another archaeologist would describe what we were next to, while my crew would record everything. Sometimes, an archaeologist had me hold something they carefully put in my hands, while another described it and my crew filmed.
They described the walls as telling the story of the reappearance of Nigkala. When they made to leave, I pointed to the statue in the next room. "What about that statue?"
"What statue? You're just pointing at a wall." They started turning to walk out.
"This statue." And I walked toward it. Going through the entry seemed difficult, but I pushed against the unexpected resistance. Suddenly I felt a little dizzy.
I learned much later that they saw me walk into the wall and both the wall and I faded from sight as the hidden room was revealed. This spooked them, and it took them several days before they had the courage to enter. Nothing happened, but they found that the statue looked exactly like me, and even dressed as I had been dressed. Of me, there was no sign. They searched everywhere. Many were worried until I showed up months later.
I waited for the dizziness to pass. I turned around to wave to the others to follow me, but there was no one there. Instead, it seemed this room was surrounded by foggy walls. I thought it must be whatever made me dizzy until I heard a feminine voice say, "The evil warrior Lumiri has come to take over my city. He even boasted his champion was a better warrior than the heroine Nigkala, and dared me to bring Nigkala out of time to fight. I, the goddess Inanna, have done so, but not with the warrior he wished. I have brought you to kill his champion and then him. I shall reward you well."
I spoke to the voice and said, "I have never killed. I do not know if I can."
Inanna replied, "You have been trained to kill. I will give you the will to be the warrior I need tomorrow." Suddenly, it felt silent and empty. The fog disappeared, and with it, the soft light. I waited a few minutes in the dark, but nothing changed. So I left the room, carefully retracing my steps and going slowly, feeling my way out.
I found the ramp and got to the level's entrance. The entry was covered over. I pushed, and then pushed harder. I felt it shift before suddenly breaking open. Only a little light came, and I realized it must be night, not day, even though less than an hour ago it was mid-morning. Climbing out, I saw that the entry had been hidden by a false wall and that debris littered the floor where it broke open. I could hear sounds coming from above. It seems the sounds carried well, as I went up four stories before I came upon people chanting. When they noticed me, they cried out, almost in unison, "NIGKALA!" The chanting stopped, and they all bowed to me, before the middle-aged woman leading the chant rose up and came to me and asked if I was indeed sent by the goddess.
Their words were difficult to understand, but I quickly realized they spoke in Sumerian and not the language spoken by the people of my day. Slowly, I managed to tell them Inanna brought me here to kill Lumiri and his champion. I then told them I had difficulty understanding the language as I had learned it differently. They told me to sit, and tried to help, but it was not until the younger priestess brought out a clay tablet to remind the older priestess about the city's history, that this changed. I asked to see it, and when they handed it to me, I pointed to the first line asking what it said. With that done, I sounded out the second line, and they were surprised at my literacy. They corrected a few mistakes, so I went on to the third line. By the time I finished reading the tablet, I had learned the difference between what I knew and how it was really pronounced. I then asked when the fight would happen, and learned it would happen in the morning, a scant few hours away. I then said I should sleep, and asked for one of the ladies to show me where to relieve myself, and then to sleep. They had no place to sleep, so it being a warm night, I removed my clothes to use them as a pillow. Several gasped at seeing four breasts, but I felt it was more important to sleep.
I woke at first light, dressed, and began stretching to relieve the kinks of the night. The others soon woke, and when a voice called us, I looked at the older man, who I had learned was the king of the city. He stood proud, and waved us to follow. When the first of our group went out, there was a loud roar, with savage laughter and confident assurance we could do nothing. It got louder when King Lugalkish appeared. When I came out last, it wavered, and broke up with many wondering if I was Nigkala. The older priestess, Meinanna, guided me to stand to one side of the king, and she went to the other. A squad of warriors surrounded us, and told us to go with them. They took us to the market, but all the stalls were shoved aside to make an arena.
It was there that I first saw Lumiri. He looked shocked to see my giant figure, but quickly shrugged it off. He then spoke of how his people had invaded the town, and were in control. He then demanded surrender, but offered us a chance to fight his champion.
The king shouted, "We will fight!"
Lumiri laughed, saying "So be it!" He then called, "Bring out the mountain!" Shortly, a giant, nearly eight feet tall, and likely twice my weight, came out of the crowd. He then said, "Send forth your champion."
Without hesitation, I kicked off my shoes and dropped my purse before striding forth into the center. I replied, "I, Nigkala, shall fight for Inanna and this city!" There was much laughter and derision since my opponent had a spear, sword and armor and I had nothing. Yet there was some doubt, as my name brought fear into them as well. Calmly, I said loudly to my opponent, "Are you ready to die?"
He roared, yelling, "I shall kill you!" and then threw the spear. As I was expecting him to attack, I used my martial arts training to redirect the spear. Seeing his attack casually diverted, he ran at me intending to deliver an overhead blow.
Again, I redirected this attack, and even managed to make him fall as he went past me. I then ran to the spear, and using my foot, I flicked the spear into my hands. I then turned and faced my opponent who had collected himself and regained his feet. I called out to Lumiri, "This oaf is your champion?" As expected, there was another inarticulate cry and he came at me again. But, at least, he had learned I was no easy target, and he wanted to close with me. Each time he did, I batted away his sword and danced around him.
After a few minutes, I saw that he was tiring, so instead of dancing away, I closed and delivered a numbing blow to his sword hand. I swiftly followed that with a hit by my spear to knock the sword out of his hand. Before he could react, I tossed aside the spear and proceeded to fight hand to hand. The crowd loved this, because they thought he would use his greater power to crush me. I could tell he thought so as well as he said, "Foolish woman, now you die."
Try as he might, he could not get a grip on me, while I was delivering body blows to vital organs. It was hard with all that armor, but after one especially good kick, he staggered back and wiped his mouth. That is when everyone noticed the blood there. I said, "Who is the fool?" He growled and then waded back in with even more anger and determination. One of the first lessons my sensei had taught me was to never let your emotions get in the way of your fighting. This oaf never learned that lesson, so I continued to taunt him.
One of my later hits momentarily stunned him, and I used that to get his helmet off. I then shifted to attacks to his face more often. He moved his guard up toward his face, so I gave him full force with a kick between the legs. While he was recovering from that, I hit him hard in the ears. I saw he was quite disoriented for a few seconds, so I gave a final punch into his throat and everyone heard it crunch. He fell, gurgling and died a few seconds later. I then walked over to the spear, and flicked it up with my foot. I then cried out, "Lumiri, for your part in this -- you too shall die." I then threw the spear and gutted him, and even managed to get the point stuck into the back of the chair he sat on.
The crowd grew silent, and I let it be for a few moments before I called out, "Who will swear loyalty to this city?"
Again, it was quiet, but then there was a soft buzzing from one side. A few moments later, a squad of men came forth, stopped before me, and then went to one knee as their leader said, "We will serve this city."
I used my stare on him, and commanded, "Tell me what is truly on your heart about this service."
He replied, "I thought Lukala was the greatest warrior ever, but I was wrong. While he was larger and stronger, he clearly was not the greatest. I want to be trained by you." I then stared at the others, and they all agreed.
"Your service is accepted. Go protect King Lugalkish." I then looked out to the invaders, and asked, "Any others?"
Soon another group came, also desiring to serve the city. But this time, when I stared and asked their truth, their leader said, "I will lie in wait for you to drop your guard, and then I shall kill you."
I then rushed him and picked him up in one hand by the neck and lifted him several feet off the ground. "Your evil has killed you." I then closed my hand, crushing his throat. With the other, I grabbed his sword and rushed the others of his squad. They all died before any could stand.
I then called out, "Sire, what shall be done with the rest?"
He was quiet, then he said in a loud voice, "If you will truly serve, I will accept you. If you falsely serve, I shall kill you. If you will not serve, drop your weapons and flee or I shall surely kill you." At this, a few came forth to me to proclaim their service. I gave them my stare and learned their truth, and if it was questionable, I asked the king to decide. As I did this, most of the invaders fled. By noon, there was no more sign of invaders besides the dead bodies.
Meinanna called to me and told me to follow. I carried Lukala's sword, put my shoes on and picked up my purse. We soon came to a small tavern, where food and drink was given to us for saving the city. It was while we ate that she told me she sent Gemeinanna to prepare a place for me at the temple. After an extended meal, we wound our way back to the temple. As we traveled to the temple (a tall ziggurat) she told me about the invasion, and how it came to be.
"Are you truly Nigkala?"
"I was given the name Becky Sue Tate at birth, but I grew up on stories of Nigkala. I so wanted to be her that I managed to become just like her. I became a storyteller, and took her name for when I told her stories, as I could show them what she was like."
"Oh my! The real Nigkala, while tall, was not a giant like you, and she only had two breasts. In stories, people are portrayed as a giant to show they were powerful, and portrayed with four breasts to signify being very active sexually."
"I know storytellers will embellish tales to make them more interesting. But my people's storytellers didn't know about this." A few moments later, I asked, "Was she truly a follower of Inanna?"
"She was. In fact, it is believed that she was such a great warrior and lover because Inanna, the queen of the gods, a great warrior, and talented lover, favored her."
"Are you skilled in these arts?"
"I know how to use a sword, but my sexual duties leave little time for practice."
"What are these sexual duties?" I shouldn't have asked. I got far more than I wanted to know. Apparently, she was a cross between a temple prostitute and a courtesan. She told me that there would likely be a celebration in a few days, where we would be expected to attend wearing only jewelry, so that all could admire our bodies and receive Inanna's blessings. I asked if she was often naked in a crowd. She said no, but a special celebration like this, she was looking forward to it. That's when I noticed she was clearly aroused.
Eventually, we got to the ziggurat and Gemeinanna took me up to the sixth floor. She showed me a room, clearly hers, but with additional bedding added to the end of the bed. "I am sorry that we cannot give you your own room. Usually, only the head priestess and I stay at the temple. The lesser priestesses and servants live in town."
"Why did we sleep below last night?"
"A guard was stationed to keep us below the fifth floor where we keep our holy items. Access to them might have gained our freedom. The floor above is the temple proper"
"While I picked up this sword, I am not sure what to do with it, now that the trouble is over."
"I can give it to the guards, and I am sure they can find a use for it."
I thanked her, and then asked her to tell me about herself, and her life here. Her story soon made me realize she loved being a temple prostitute. She told me how she had had sex with all of her friends by now, and looked forward to bringing Inanna's blessings to many more. I asked about the blessings, and soon learned that the priestess routinely had sex with men and women, and this was a normal way to gain her blessing. The fluid from her vagina would be tasted to help ensure ease of sex, and the drinking of her breast milk was to ensure a mother had sufficient milk for her children. When she was given a penis to lick and swallow, its fluid was considered an offering to Inanna. She mentioned her two children were given to families with none, and she hoped to have several more to help other families. She told me that Meinanna had had seven children, but could no longer conceive. She asked if I had any, since I was so young. I indicated I had eight. She was shocked at this, and demanded to know how old I was. When I told her, she said I was older than Meinanna, yet looked younger than her.
Over the next several days, I changed my body image to one of a lactating mother. Since I had breastfed my children, my body quickly responded. During the day, I helped create a few outfits that others finished, including two rather fancy outfits. After a morning of making clothes, I spent the rest of the day examining the guard, and finding out who needed a lot of help, and who was truly skilled. With a number of new members, I worked with the commanders to sort them out. I also spoke with them about the need of coordinating troops to overcome enemies. I also inquired as to the armor of Lukala, and could I use it to create armor for myself. My first task was to disassemble and clean it. Others quickly offered to do that part for me.
On the day of the party, I spent the morning getting cleaned, pampered, and prepped for it; lunch was a simple affair, then came doing our hair up. While I didn't have the waist-length hair of the priestesses, my shoulder-length hair was still long enough for braids, beads, and other jewelry. I was given a necklace of Lapus Lazuli; numerous jeweled rings; arm and leg bracers made of jewels, gold and silver; and a thick chain belt with several emeralds to wear. The belt supported a small pouch. I raised my concern at wearing so much jewelry, but Meinanna assured me it would be okay. I was told the pouch was for the cash offerings we would be given tonight. Finally, it was time to go. We wore cloaks and slippers to the palace, and just before entering the main chamber, we gave our cloaks to servants. Then we were announced and walked in.
The three of us strode in, with me in the center. Meinanna whispered that I should head for the king. I stopped when she touched me. I quickly bowed when Meinanna and Gemeinanna did. Lugalkish spoke to me, "Nigkala, tonight, you are everything the stories tell us you are. Against Lukala you showed us you are the greatest warrior that ever was. I look forward to seeing your skill in the bedroom arts tonight. Are you prepared?"
I replied, "Yes sire, Inanna's priestesses have prepared me as you can see. I look forward to displaying other skills tonight."
The king then did something I did not expect. He reached into his pants and pulled out his erection for all to see. He then called to me, "Show me your skill."
I walked up to him, knelt and placed my lips on the tip of his penis. I then started licking. I would circle around it, and then I would extend my tongue a bit more. At first, he did not notice that I had not placed any more of his erection into my mouth. He commented that I had a long tongue. I looked up at him as I vocalized my agreement. Then I started wrapping my tongue around all of his nine inches, completely enveloping it. This got a cry of pleasure, followed by his exclaiming what I was doing. I started pulsing my tongue, which caused him to scream even more. When I slid my tongue even farther forward and started playing with his balls with the tip of tongue, he started to come. I then squeezed his balls with my tongue and he exploded. Pulsing my tongue, I kept him erupting for some time. I swallowed everything he gave me. I then slowly pulled my tongue back in, even as I started to lower my head to push his still fairly erect penis into my throat. I used my tongue to shape his erection so that I could deepthroat his full nine inches. After he came a second time, I lifted my head, using my tongue to clean him off.
I then stood, and asked, "Sire, it seems you still have more to give. Would you like me to sit upon your mighty rod?"
He replied, "Yes," so I came forward, and slowly lowered myself upon him.
As I started to grind upon his lap, I asked, "Would you like to suck my nipples?" Nodding, he leaned forward and began sucking my lower left nipple. He placed a hand on the lower right and upper left and began to play with them. He quickly learned that they grew to two inches, and they also had milk. As he exclaimed this, I looked him squarely in the eye before extending my tongue to play with the last nipple. He stared at it, even as he continued to suck.
I continued to grind, pulsing my vaginal muscles while squeezing his penis. As part of the nipple play, small squirts of milk hit his face and others exclaimed how I was lactating from all of my breasts. Finally he came a third time, and I came with him. When we calmed down, he said, "Enough, I cannot keep up with you."
I stood up and walked back to the other ladies and turned back to him. "Sire, it has been my pleasure to accept your offering to Inanna." He nodded, and then Meinanna touched me and we walked away a short distance. She stopped us and said that the first impression made by me on the nobility was perfect. I asked what was next and she indicated we would have a brief time to ourselves before others would seek our bodies. I then asked about the semen that was starting to leak. Gemeinanna offered to clean me up, so I let her. She then immediately went to her knees and started sucking on my vagina. Meanwhile, Meinanna told me that my milk was an unexpected blessing. She asked to taste it, so I let her.
Gemeinanna stayed with me for an hour, assisting me with the etiquette of being a holy prostitute at such a party. I was in great demand, and while the king did not give me anything then, my pouch began to fill. Twice, I sought out Meinanna to get her help since my pouch was nearly full. She just signaled a servant who was sent to fetch a spare pouch and a pair of guards. My full pouch was given to the guards who went away. I later learned that the pouches were delivered to the temple, along with the king's gift. For most of the evening and well into the night, I was groped, felt up, and had lots of sex. I expected to be a little sore the next day, but I didn't mind. I had fun.
The next day, Meinanna asked Gemeinanna to show me the city and introduce me to the people. Apparently, word quickly spread about me and everyone wanted to see me. So Gemeinanna got me dressed in one of the fancy outfits, then showed me a special feature it had. The part that covered each breast could be adjusted to let the nipple be fully exposed and she exposed all four of mine. She then started giving me a tour of the city. Everywhere I went, cries of Nigkala went up as I was recognized. Many touched my nipples as I passed, and many asked for my blessing. I asked Gemeinanna what I should do, and she suggested letting the supplicant taste my milk to give them a blessing. So I did. However, so many wanted me, it took three days to do what Meinanna expected us to do in a day.
The next few days, I spent examining the disassembled armor, and thinking about how I could cut it down and reassemble it into armor that fit me. With my experience making my own clothes, and making my own armor, I was able to go quickly. Each morning, I worked on the armor, and each afternoon and evening I spent either with one of the priestesses, or over at the palace. In a week, I had it cut down and replaced the worst of it with the cut-off parts. I was given some additional leather 'thread' to sew it back together. As I got various parts of the armor remade, I wore it to break it in and settle it so I could adjust it into fitting even better. I also joined the guards in their practice, but only for moving and other activities I could do by myself. By the end of the second week, my armor was ready. I had also gotten a feel for some of the guards. I went to the captain of the guard and said, "I have been a guest here for a while. I would like to join and contribute."
Captain Urshul replied, "I was hoping you would ask. It is clear you are a wise fighter, and I would like you to train my warriors. I also realize the need the city has for your presence at the temple, so I will detail you to the temple for the evenings." He then asked me to follow him. We walked over to the armory, and he waved for me to follow him. We went past the common weapons, and went to a back room where some special weapons were. He pulled out a key ring and opened it, and led me to one particular cabinet. Opening this, revealed a huge sword. However, it was not the one Lukala used. I could see that on a table elsewhere in the room. "Try this out for size."
I picked it up, and stepped away from him to see how it moved in my hands. I moved it slowly as the room was small, but I could see it seemed to be made for my hand. I tried it in my other hand, and it was just as easy to move. I put it back and said, "This is well balanced and would be an excellent weapon for anyone."
He nodded, picked it up and handed it to me. He then left the room, and when I followed he locked it. "That was her final weapon. When she died, it passed through several hands before ending up in my keeping. It is said that the metal is flexible and able to withstand blows that would break other weapons, but no one knows how it was made, or what it is made of." Looking closely, I could see signs of lamination, and I realized this was a weapon out of time. When he saw my expression, he said, "You know something. Tell me."
Looking around first, and seeing no one listening, I quietly said, "This is a weapon out of time. I do not know when it is from, but the method used to make the metal flexible is from the future."
He asked how I could possibly know this. I said, "I, too, am from the future. I do not know the art of making weapons, but my people know many things, and sometimes I remember something I heard such as what this pattern means. I cannot help you make such weapons, so my information is of little use."
Captain Urshul said, "It may be of little use, but now I know that it has been recognized, and that it is not a weapon of the gods."
I replied, "It may be such, for not even my people know how to bring something out of time as this weapon was. The weapon might be common where it came from, but to be here, I would not be surprised to learn that a god caused it to be here."
I briefly heard a woman's voice say, "You are wise, for I did bring it. Use it well." I froze for a second until I remembered that I heard that voice when I first came here. Inanna was responsible for it being here.
I must have said her name, for the captain asked, "What happened? You look surprised."
I replied, "It seems Inanna is keeping an eye on me, for she just spoke to me of the weapon. She wants me to have it."
At this, the captain stopped still and stared at me. "You are indeed hers. We all saw you kill Lukala without taking any damage. And now, the entire city knows of your sexual gifts. The queen of the gods is known to be a great warrior and gifted sexually. She has surely gifted you and marked you as her own."
The next day, I relocated to the guard barracks and officially joined the guard. Many of the guards were fearful of what I could do. So that first week, I spent a lot of time socializing with my immediate companions. I also offered tips on fighting and in the bedroom. Given that I spent my evenings serving the temple almost as a priestess, they were very receptive to my advice. For the first month, I served as a junior partner to a seasoned guard, and we spent a lot of the time getting to know the merchants of the market, and those who run the caravans that the guards also cover to the neighboring cities. The other part of the day, I spent practicing with other guards.
Captain Urshul quickly saw that I was not only skilled at many weapons, but that I was also able to help others learn to use their weapons. "How did you learn so many weapons?"
"I became a storyteller. As part of my style, I like to demonstrate the action of my stories. For this, I studied under several masters and they taught me their arts. I am not a great master, but I have mastered a few weapons and hand to hand combat. With this skill, I can describe and show fights with others that study like me. I learned that I had talent and learned these weapons quickly, so I chose to learn many."
"You also seem to be skilled in teaching others."
"Other storytellers saw my skill and asked me to teach them. I have now spent a number of years teaching them. While I could find many more students, I enjoy being a storyteller and didn't want to spend all my time teaching."
"Would you be willing to teach for me?"
"Yes, but I have only taught one on one. I have never led a class."
"I can work with that. I'll set something up in the next few days." With that, the captain left to see to some other detail.
My evenings were spent getting to know a lot of the powerful of the city. Either as a guest at a party where they hold temple service, or at the temple as some came to us. If I was not busy entertaining, I was learning all about how this city worked, how the priestesses played their role in the city's life, and some bedroom skills.
Gemeinanna and I were discussing my breadth of knowledge on the subject. "How did you learn so much?"
"My people have learned how to take information from one place to another really fast. They also have learned how to make that information available to the masses. This means that I can learn about nearly anything with ease. You marveled that I could read that night I arrived. Well, my people think that reading is vital to being powerful. Even the poorest are taught to read. As sex is very popular, information about it is very available. As a young girl, I read a lot about sex and learned many things. Later, I got to practice and learned to enjoy having lots of sex."
"How can there be so much available to everyone? It takes a long time to copy a set of tablets. You need to get the clay, write down everything, and then wait for them to dry before you can send them elsewhere."
I recalled showing my phone to the priestesses. I also am very glad I have a solar charger so I can keep it charged. Add to that the large memory I added to it, I can take lots of pictures. So I went over to my purse that I kept in her room. I got out my phone and turned it on.
"Oh! You're going to show something on your magic stone! What are you going to show me?"
As I waited for it to start, I said, "You have seen how I can take pictures of what I see. I have shown you a number of these pictures. Well, this can also handle text." I opened up a travel itinerary from just before I came here. I turned the screen to her. "This is text in my own tongue. While you only see a small amount now, this 'magic stone' can store more words than even the largest library holds." I then scrolled down showing that more text was off the screen.
"This is amazing. You could travel to another city with a library hidden in a small stone."
"Yes. It also can use other 'magic stones' and their libraries. There are many libraries that talk about and show sex. Even the stories I tell can be seen through them."
"You are so blessed to have such magical wonders."
"We are, and few of my people truly appreciate it. This access to information is so easy for everyone that they take it for granted. I, myself, do not understand how they are made, but some of my people do. To us, it is not magic, but ordinary. To you, it is magic because nearly everything about it is unknown to you." With that, I turned off my phone.
"You come from a people that are very strange. How is it that you fit in here so easily?"
"My people learn about many cultures, not only from elsewhere, but also from the past. Because I studied Nigkala, I also learned of her people. While I got many things wrong, I got more right. More importantly, I got a feel for how the culture worked. Since I got here, I have learned so much I didn't know, but I also was able to quickly adapt because I generally knew what to expect."
"Has anything caused you problems?"
"Yes. The killing. Before I came, I had never taken a life. If Inanna had not helped me that day to take lives, I might have died. Another outcome might be that I would have knocked Lukala out and captured Lumiri and Lukala leaving the king to do the deed."
"Well, they would still be dead."
"But not by my hand. How many fear me? Would they fear if I had not killed? There is a big difference, and the latter might not protect this city as much as the former."
"Oh. I see. But you joined the guard?"
"Yeah. I feel the need to belong, and while joining you two would be fun, I think joining the guard will be better for getting people here to accept me as one of their own. As a temple priest, I would be just an exotic stranger and not someone you get to know. But the guard, everyone knows someone in the guard, and may even have a relative in it. They are just regular people trained as a guard rather than a special person trained as a priestess."
"We feared you might leave us. Now I see you are just looking to your future."
"I do think of you two as friends, but I do not see myself being happy spending so much of my time just with sex. Sometimes, yes, but all the time, no. Meinanna told me she doesn't have much time to practice her weapons. Do you?"
"You're right. We do spend far more time in bed than in combat practice."
"I know myself well enough to know I cannot be you, but I can be a guard member."
"So, did you learn any interesting sexual stuff?"
"I might know a thing or two." She laughed as she saw my smile as I said that. Pointing to her bed, I asked, "Shall we?" She responded by getting naked. I joined her soon thereafter, and I gave her some erotic lessons.
The next month was much the same, but this time, I was the senior partner of the city-guard pair roaming the market and the city. I also started to wear some custom jewelry I bought from my temple earnings. I also improved my armor by replacing some of the most worn parts with new leather. I also added some jewelry to the armor that can withstand combat. This generally meant small stuff like studs or buckles to decorate it. Many wore a cloak with their armor, so I added a cloak and it got far more decoration. I could also use it for my evening duties for the temple. Soon, many could recognize me by my cloak's distinctive look, as well as by my size. The best piece of jewelry I now owned was a custom holy symbol of Inanna in gold and Lapis Lazuli. The eight-pointed star has four pairs of points that extend to either side of a breast. This keeps it centered between all my breasts while clearly holding onto my breasts. Gold chains secure it to my torso. It actually barely moves, even when I am dancing.
I also worked with some seamstresses on some fancy outfits. Having four breasts is not something they are used to, nor the need to incorporate a fancy holy symbol. Add to that, my great size and they needed help. While they did a lot of the work, I did a fair amount of the design. One of the features I incorporated was a way to have weapons while in these outfits. [I remembered what the movie people did with my outfits.] I also incorporated arm and leg guards. While I did not expect trouble, I knew I might well be in civilian clothing when trouble came, so I wanted to be ready for it. Knowing all the movie tricks of secreting weapons, few knew I was armed while dressed this way. I even managed to incorporate a pair of thin daggers in my jewelry outfit for nude events.
To save time, they made me three or four of each outfit I designed. They were made of different materials, and the designs decorating them were different, but the cut was the same, even to the nipple flaps. "Meinanna would it be okay to have a front slit from my waist all the way down like the side slits I had on the outfit I wore last night?"
"I don't know. Priestesses are usually nude or lavishly clothed and what you describe seems to be both. It has never been done before. I will have to pray about it."
A few nights later, as I fell asleep, I dreamed I saw Inanna. She spoke of my time here, and how I was introducing so many ideas. She regrets that her people are too stubborn to use most of them. "What is this front slit dress you mentioned to my high priest?"
"I remember reading about a woman wanting a sexy dress, and she had it made with a slit down the front. It allowed her to show off her vagina to anyone who cared to look. It also meant there was easy access to her vagina."
"I see. Easy access is definitely a good thing, but leaving your vagina exposed all the time when you are wearing clothes won't work. It would confuse a lot of people, and others would assume they can casually sample the blessings of your juices when you are wearing clothes. When you serve naked, this is expected, but there is a custom of politeness in taking your blessing at such events."
"I think I may have not clarified how this would work. This slit would be hidden when standing still. It would only be seen when moving or if there is a stiff wind."
"Show me. Imagine yourself in such an outfit, and stand, walk, and dance."
It was harder than I thought. I had to concentrate, but slowly the image of the dress appeared. Then I added myself into it, and imagined I was watching a playback screen on set so I could correct my motion on set. I had to make several adjustments before I was satisfied it would flow correctly. I also added the holy symbol and other jewelry I might wear with it. "Ready." I then stood and slowly turned a three-sixty to show Inanna how it fit. "And now for walking." I then walked toward her slowly, turned around and walked away, turned again and walked faster before returning to my starting point. Walking slowly let brief flashes escape, but the faster walk made them even more obvious. Yet standing still, nothing showed. I then imagined music and started to dance. With all this movement, many flashes occurred.
Suddenly, Inanna joined me in my dance, taking the lead. "Oh! I wasn't expecting this. Your imagination has aroused me, and now I want to play with you." She kissed me with some tongue, and as I responded with some tongue of my own, I felt my nipples suddenly stiffen and poke out through the nipple slits I hadn't even realized I had added. We danced for a few minutes, while she suckled on each nipple in turn. Suddenly, a great bed appeared beside us. When I looked back at her, she was naked. "Don't hold back." Suddenly, I lay naked on the bed and she was on me.
At first I was cautious, but I clearly sensed she wanted boldness so I went for it. I showed her all the moves I could think of for two women with no toys. We each came several times, yet I sensed no exhaustion or even tiredness. Then I realized that since this is a dream, I can create anything with my will just like I did the dress. So, having a few favorite toys for lesbian encounters, I decided to create each one and show her their joys before going to the next one.
It was clear she knew of some, but not all of them. So for the ones she did not know, I went all out doing everything I could. We came many times, and I introduced her to not just my favorite toys, but every toy I had ever used successfully with another woman. I even had her wear some of them, and she took the dominant role often after I explained the rules of play for such toys. Yet, she also let me be dominant so she could experience that aspect as well.
Finally, I ran out of ideas. "Queen Inanna, I have shown you all I know of sex between women."
"You have, indeed, shown me wonders. I am well pleased." She then stood and walked over to the place my dress rested, she took it. "Sleep now, you have earned it." Suddenly, I felt tired. Not just tired but exhausted. Closing my eyes, my dream ended.
Slowly, I came awake. The first thing I felt was that my vagina was seriously wet. The next was that my nipples were extremely hard. Even as I got used to this feeling of pure arousal, I suddenly felt someone placing a finger in my vagina. My lack of reaction told me this had been happening so frequently that I barely noticed it. Then I felt a sudden spike of pleasure and pain from one of my lower nipples. At this, my eyes opened. I didn't know where I was, but I saw two infants at my upper breasts nursing and two adults at my lower ones sexually enjoying my lower ones and the milk they provided. At the same time, the spike triggered an orgasm in me and I squirted, not something I usually do.
Even as I was trembling in the throes of orgasm, I began to figure out where I was, but not how I got here. I was in the temple proper, high in the ziggurat. I was draped over the central altar, naked. As I took this in, one of the adults left and another took his or her place. I was so sleepy that I had three more orgasms before I realized the infants being brought to my breasts were often held by Meinanna and Gemeinanna. "How long?"
Meinanna said, "Three days. At first, the guards thought you were having a wet dream, but when it continued throughout the night they tried to wake you. As you were naked, they clearly saw how aroused you were. Some took advantage, but finally, someone sent for us. Gemeinanna came, and saw you have orgasm after orgasm even without anyone touching you. She started to pray when she suddenly knew it was Inanna's doing. She sent for me and I concurred. We had them bring you here and we have tended you since. We gave you food and drink and you consumed some without waking. Yet, you continued to leak milk and blessed juice. While you have been here, you have squirted many times, covering the altar and soaking it with your essence. Iannna is surely pleased with you, and has shown us her pleasure by providing so much of the blessings from your body. Even now, you still produce blessings."
"Has this happened before?"
"Not that I can recall." I then saw her come. That is when I noticed the priestesses were naked and someone was fingering them. Looking, I realized it was me. After she came, she asked, "Do you have any idea why this happened?"
I didn't know if I should continue, but she continued to chat with me, as though this was normal, even though we were having a number of orgasms. I decided to let them decide for now, but if I got hungry, I might call a halt. About half an hour later, the senior seamstress arrived carrying a bundle. I saw her heading towards me, right between my legs. She stopped at the edge of the altar, between my feet. A hush came over the crowd. In the silence, I heard her say, "It is finished!" She then shook out the bundle and I saw it was the outfit of my dream, although of a lighter color.
Suddenly, a great orgasm overcame me, and I sprayed out copious amounts that near drenched the dress. The seamstress got some as well. The dress clearly got soaked, but it was acting strangely. The color deepened where the liquid hit it, and spread until the entire dress had darkened to the color in my dream. She reached out and touched it and exclaimed, "It's dry!"
I pulled in my arms and sat up. Somehow, the priestesses knew to remove the infants just before I sat up. Leaning forward, I reached for the dress forgetting my hands were covered in sticky stuff. Yet when I touched the dress, suddenly my hands dried and the ladies' juices were gone. Still in a daze, I put the dress on while I was still on the altar. This time, it was the altar that absorbed all my juices that had accumulated for days. I got up and the dress flowed and fit me perfectly. I walked slowly to the seamstress, gave her a hug and a deep kiss. She came on the spot. When I saw she was back, I said, "Thank you."
"I had a vision as I slept, and I had to make this. I have never seen such a dress, yet it fits perfectly."
"I dreamed of this very dress for Inanna, and I think she had you make it. Again, my thanks."
"Inanna is responsible for this dress!" Meinanna cried out. "No wonder it took all the blessings into itself. Look over at the altar. Dry as a bone despite your continuous blessings these three days. Even the aroma can barely be smelled, and I think that is from that last blessing that drenched the dress. What other wonders can there be?"
"I look forward to learning." As we stood, everyone started to slowly leave. All but one left, and I saw it was Captain Urshul, waiting for me. "Um, hello."
"Nigkala. You are truly blessed. We live in a time of wonder, and you are a big part of it. What happened here was a miracle."
"It really has been several days?" He nodded. "Wow. It's going to take a while for me to figure out what this means." I looked over at him, then went to the window and looked out. It was like I had never before done this. I felt I could see everyone and somehow knew the sexual needs of everyone in the city, as well as the fighting skill of all. A few moments later, this feeling went away and I realized she had given me a taste from her point of view. "I need to make a short visit to the guard to reassure them I am well. Then I need to wander the city showing all that I am fine."
"They are worried about you, both the guard and the city. This is a good plan. Let me accompany you." With that, we walked out of the temple. On the way out of the ziggurat, Meinanna placed my holy symbol on me. Gemeinanna placed my cloak on me. I thanked them both.
We walked quietly to the barracks, and many marveled at me, yet none came up to me. Once in our compound, that changed: all my guard friends came and touched me. Some came with hugs, while others fondled my nipples which had decided to appear through the flaps. After the first confused moments, the captain yelled for quiet then asked me to speak. I made sure to engage everyone there briefly before declaring that I needed to go through the city to reassure them. Many offered to go with me, but I declined. The captain nodded agreement, and said, "Inanna is watching over her today." With that, I left, even as the captain explained what happened in the ziggurat and the way here.
I lost track of time and place, but recognized many different parts of the city. Many fondled my nipples, and some even dared to finger me. Yet it felt as though I was experiencing it from outside. I could see how each person reached out to my body, and I felt a brief surge of power move through me into them as they took the blessings. Food was given to me without asking and only enough to sate my hunger. So, too, was I given drink. Yet, it was clear they shared their meal with me and not that they gave me my own meal. I found myself back at the barracks at sunset, and I headed back to bed, finally feeling tired.
I had another dream that night. It was simple. I dreamed I was Gemeinanna as she came to the temple. I experienced much of what she did that was related to the temple. I experienced her joy at being asked to be a priestess, and at her acceptance. When she became a full priestess, the experiences ended. I then realized Inanna had just invited me to become a priestess.
The next day, I tried to keep it as normal as I could, but many of the guards wanted to talk about what happened. I focused as best I could on my guard work, but relented to talking as long as it didn't interfere. That evening, the priestesses and I talked almost the whole time. When I mentioned my second dream, they came to the same conclusion as I did, even though I was careful not to hint it. Over the next several days, I gave a lot of thought to this. While not particularly religious, I realized my life here was held in the power of Inanna, who if not a true goddess, was the next best thing. I still held the hope that she would send me back. My thoughts were also influenced by what Meinanna told me about their beliefs. In the end, I asked if they would take me on as a candidate to be a priestess. I later learned Meinanna's own meditation led her to fast track me. I became a priestess in a quiet ceremony with just the three of us.
Over the next year and a half, I was part of the city. I left from time to time when I guarded merchants or envoys, but mostly I stayed nearby. I had amassed a fair amount of wealth, some from my senior position as the second captain of the guard, but more from being a priestess. Captain Urshul still ran the guard, but I was essentially his second in command, and he often consulted with me. While I was not so skilled as he in the political arena, my grasp on psychology and motivation far surpassed his. I often saw hidden motives that Captain Urshul missed. As a priestess, I routinely attended social events where I would have sex. The donations for the temple amounted to quite a bit, as I was in great demand. The practice of the temple was that the priestess received half of the donation.
While I rarely turned on my phone, I did when I wanted to record an important event. I even taught Gemeinanna how to take a picture, and had her take some at a few parties. She also took pictures of me in each of my outfits. I had recently noticed that my phone's available memory was getting low, and I was debating if I should clean out some old stuff. I was also worried about my solar charger as it seemed to take much longer than before to charge my phone.
I was in the temple observing a day of meditation when I heard a voice. "Do you want to go home to your time?"
By now I recognized her voice. "Yes, Queen Inanna. I miss my family terribly."
"I too have been thinking about your presence. My plan had been to make you lead my city to a greater civilization. Yet try as you or I might, we have made little progress."
"I have tried?"
"Yes. You have tried to teach the guards fighting techniques and strategies from your time, yet they have trouble retaining your teaching. A few days later they have lost much. A few weeks and it is as if they never knew it. Yet it is not all that you teach. And this puzzled me."
"What have you learned?"
"I have learned that the things you teach that are known elsewhere at this time seem to stay, but anything from the future fades. And this has taught me my desire cannot be. My people here must achieve greatness on their own. And this will affect you."
"What does this mean for me?"
"While you will always be revered here, you will never have a truly profound effect on people, as I think you should. Keeping you here does you a disservice. I have decided that I will send you home, but there are many details to work out."
"Can I help?"
"Yes. You can ready yourself. You will see some of my preparations, but there will be more you do not see."
With that, I felt her attention depart. I spent the rest of the day considering what was truly important to me. At the end of the day, I realized I could help out archaeologists by arranging time capsules for them. I felt the pictures on my phone might help, but would not be believed. I wracked my brains to remember information from just before I came here. Then I had an epiphany. I routinely read the news with my phone. I could call up the history of my browsing. The next day, I spent some time recalling much of what I read, and I found two articles about the find I attended and disappeared from.
Being circumspect, I spoke to the priestesses about how they could leave information to the future. "Meinanna, you know I come from the future. It has occurred to me that I would like to provide some gifts for my people. They treasure information. If we could create a library that explained daily life here, and in the world about us, they would be grateful. But such a record would need to be protected. Some of the best protection is having more than one copy. I would like to help create such a record, but I don't know where they should be preserved."
"That is an interesting idea. What would be the kind of place you think they should be kept?"
"A place that will not fall to weather, to enemy capture, or to looting when abandoned. Dry caves are good, especially if you can seal a room full of tablets. I know this ziggurat will mostly survive, but the above ground levels would not be good since all manner of people would come through. A sealed lower level would work well. However, an oral tradition telling of its existence would help, but it must be done in a way that takes a lot of time to understand, so only those who truly value such will spend the time to find it."
"That is a lot to think about."
"I would appreciate your help. I would also be willing to help make such tablets."
"That would be a great help, as you have learned to put words on the clay both swiftly and accurately. I will see about getting you supplies."
Over the next few weeks, I made numerous tablets on subjects suggested by Meinanna or Gemeinanna. I also had a similar conversation with Captain Urshul, and he insisted I write about daily life as a guard, but he also insisted I write the story of my victory over Lukala as I would tell stories.
"You want an exact account, or one more designed to raise the blood and cause the listeners to feel fear of Lukala's immense power and size over me?"
"The best tales raise the blood, and are told again and again. Keeping the truth is not so important, as long as the story entertains."
"I know just what you mean. When I have created the tablet, I will show it to you."
"Good. I remember the event as I was there and saw everything. It will be enlightening to see how you entertain as a storyteller. Not just the simple stories traded by comrades, but the masterful work of a professional."
"Thank you." With that, he left to attend other things.
Over the next several weeks, I wrote many tablets, earning great respect from those who knew. King Lugalkish even asked me to show some of his people who create tablets for him. It seems they were amazed at my literacy, since they usually considered me an oversexed brute. They also marveled at how few mistakes I made, and how crisp were my marks. My math skill also surprised them, as it was little known even within their class.
The king even called me for a week, and he insisted I wear the outfit I arrived in. I was curious as to why, but did so. I was led to a workroom with a high ceiling, and in the middle was an incomplete statue. The king introduced me to the master sculptor, Tibira. He posed me, and told me to hold still. I did, wondering what was going on. Then he called for the reflectors. Suddenly, I was well illuminated, and he began carving stone. That is when I realized he was making a statue of me. I saw it had already been roughed out. He worked tirelessly, taking and giving breaks infrequently and only for a few minutes at a time until the light failed. Then he called a halt to the active phase, and sent for food.
"You have done well. I am surprised you were able to stand so still for such a long time."
"Once I realized what was happening I decided the best way to assist, was to meditate as I do for heavy exercise. This took my thoughts away from my body, allowing me to be still. I am glad I was able to be your model."
"I wish I knew this sooner. It would have let me select a better pose for you. As it is, I must complete this pose as I have already spent a lot of time getting to this point. To start over would not only waste my time, but the king wants this statue quickly."
"The king commissioned this?"
"Yes, he wants to place the statue in the center of the city to show our hero and our power."
"Oh my."
"You have earned it. Artisans like me rarely get much work when war is near. Your clear superiority to Lukala sent a clear message to all: don't bring war here. We have had nearly two years of peace, so I have had work. Thank you."
At this point, I devoted my efforts to eating, as I thought about what he said. At the end of the week, I asked him about the progress, as I saw a lot of rough stone.
"Oh, do not worry. I worked hard to get one side well done, as I can get the other by looking at the completed side. I know it does not look complete on this side, but the important parts are done. Cleaning the excess and connecting the completed parts is simple, and polishing will take a lot of time, but that is what assistants are for. I think I may call for your time again, but only for a short time as I would only need you for checking my work."
About a month later, Inanna spoke to me. "My plans are made, and it is time to put them into motion. I see you have put your time to good use. Are you ready?"
"I have some stuff I want to collect here and at the temple, but it would only take a few minutes."
"Do not worry, in two days, you will be the center of a ceremony atop my temple at the lunar eclipse. Be ready."
"I shall."
I wore the dress Inanna had made for me, the holy symbol the king made for me, and a backpack Captain Urshul gave me. I wore jewelry as though I was going to a royal party. I had two outfits in the backpack, as well as the rest of the jewelry and jewels I owned. I also had almost twenty pounds of gold ingots, and another twenty pounds of silver ingots. At one hip was my sword, and at the other I had the leather purse I replaced my worn out purse with. It held some of my most valuable gems, like large emeralds. Perhaps most valuable, was my phone. I had almost fully charged my phone when the solar charger finally gave out. I just hoped my phone would hold out.
The ceremony began as the moon started to dim. The further in the penumbra the moon got, the more intense the energy about me was. When the moon touched the umbra, I suddenly saw Inanna appear in front of me. I was surprised at first that neither Meinanna nor Gemeinanna noticed her as they were on either side of me. Inanna approaches me, and kisses me. My body was instantly aroused, and my nipples made their way out from hiding. Meinanna said, "She must be here. We must give our all." With that, she reached out and started playing with a lower nipple. Gemeinanna copied her and played with one on the other side. Inanna reached between my legs, and suddenly I had an orgasm. As I screamed out my pleasure I looked up and saw the moon was fully eclipsed.
My consciousness faded, and when I woke, I seemed to be encased in fog. In the half light, I saw the city rapidly change, but only in major ways as the fog prevented me from seeing much detail. When I saw part of the roof disappear, I realized I had to get off it, as I remembered the shape the ziggurat was in when I first saw it. Walking was hard, and it felt like I was walking into massive headwinds. Yet the heavy pack actually helped me, by steadying me. Eventually, I entered the building, and went down to the lowest level. The entrance looked sealed, but when I went to touch it, my hand passed right through it as though it wasn't there. Passing through, the half-light vanished, but another, weaker light shone here. It was coming from my dress. It was enough to find my way to the secret room where I first saw the statue.
Arriving, the way was clear, and I saw the statue. Just as the master sculptor, Tibira, had promised. I found a spot where I could admire his work, and began to wait. Suddenly, the half-light came back. I sensed more than saw the people who came to examine this room. A few moments later, at least for me, the statue disappeared. I also felt a sudden surge of power, and the half-light became a flicker, and the fog became less. The flickers slowed dramatically, and suddenly stopped. I heard yelling. It took me a few moments to realize what language it was.
"You aren't allowed here!"
"Where did you come from?"
"Is that a real sword?"
And, "Who are you?" came at me in several languages.
Choosing the most common I understood, I replied, "I am the actress Helen Asher, perhaps you know me as Nigkala."
"Nigkala! Where have you been for the last few months? Everyone has been looking for you."
I started to walk over to the people when I suddenly fainted. It was only for a moment, but they quickly picked me up off the floor and lead me to a place where I could sit. When they gave me water, I learned I was parched and extremely hungry. They called for an ambulance, and someone gave me a sandwich to eat. I don't even remember what it was. Realizing that I carried a lot of wealth, I managed to stay awake, and I insisted a call be made to the embassy. I spoke briefly with someone there, and soon there was a guard and minor official in my hospital room. I had to use my whammy several times to ensure I retained my sword and backpack unexamined. No one even tried to open my purse. There was another guard outside the door, but from the local police. I was visibly wearing a very expensive bit of jewelry on my front. The people who called the police insisted it was not only authentic, but something they had been hoping to find for months. However, its pristine condition indicated it could not be several thousand years old, but must be a copy. A very expensive copy.
The doctors did not want to release me to the embassy. I talked them into admitting that all I needed was rest, food, and watching over for a few days. So I was taken to the embassy. Going through the metal detectors, I buzzed loudly. Guards stepped up. "Please hand over your sword and any other metal you are carrying."
"Keep this sword safe, it is very valuable to me, and may be an important historical weapon. As to metal, do you see all the jewelry I am wearing? It is valuable as you can guess, but it is not all I am carrying. These are also of importance to archaeologists. I will not be taking them off or giving them to you."
"You must."
"No." I then used the whammy on him, and the other guards I saw. "I promise you, I have no intention of being a threat to you, or anyone here. But until I establish clear ownership to what I carry, it is not leaving my possession."
"Right. Why should we believe you?"
I saw a number of locals about, so I said in a clear and carrying voice, in the old language, "I am a priestess of Inanna, and give my word I intend no harm to you." I also placed my hand on the center of the holy symbol. I was surprised at feeling a brief acknowledgement from her, and my nipples suddenly burst forth. Suddenly, a fair number of the locals started talking.
"She speaks the old language."
"That is Inanna's symbol."
"Look at her nipples -- she must be a priestess."
With the clear support of the locals, the guards relented, but insisted I be escorted until I complied. I did pull out my passport and let them examine it, and verify my identity. My first priority was contacting my family, then my agent. When my Filipe arrived a few days later, I asked him, "Please get me a phone charger and a cheap laptop, as I need to get a lot of stuff off my phone. Be sure it has good security, as I have a bunch of information I want to sell about my recent experience. I also need a new phone, as I think mine is on its last legs. My solar charger died, so I expect the phone will go soon." At this, he raised his eyebrows as he had bought them for me just for this trip. He knew how long they should last.
"How full?"
"Less than three percent free."
"You have been busy." I just nodded. He knew how quickly I was likely to fill my phone.
I pointed to my holy symbol and said, "Can you also get some expert appraisers and archaeologists? I need to establish this was not stolen, and also that it is a historic artifact. I also have some other trinkets for them to look at." He looked me in the eye, and I subtly nodded. Again, he raised his eyebrows. Over the next two weeks, I had many visitors. I used my whammy on the appraisers to assure myself they were trustworthy.
Slowly, several things became apparent. I had carried a king's ransom and more in raw metal and jewels. The jewels were of local origin, but of a size not found in millennia. They were real, and not anything ever recorded. Given how closely the trade was monitored, they knew my stones were never part of the system. I had to use my whammy a bit more to get the officials to sign off on my ownership of the jewelry. Appraisers also measured my ingots, and pronounced them either an unknown find from several millennia ago, or very accurate fakes.
After the appraisers, came the historians. They, too, marveled at the perfection of period craft. Even the flaws were correct for the time. But they wondered at my sword. It was only several centuries old, but it was documented as having gone missing from a museum England. It was one of only a few made by a master, and had been intended to be a weapon for a huge man in a noble's army. The soldier died before it could be delivered, so had never been used. Yet when they looked at it, it showed signs of heavy use. They also indicated it could only be used effectively by a very large man.
"Oh? Would you like to see me wield it? I'm sure there is space in the courtyard where I can show you." A few minutes later, they watched me go through my training paces. One of them filmed me with his phone. "Hey, you with the phone, can you contact the museum? I want to talk to them." He nodded. Apparently, he also put the video online. The comments quickly confirmed I knew what I was doing, and that I was doing it well. It took several weeks, but I convinced the museum to sell the weapon to me. The offer to display some unknown historical artifacts no doubt helped.
The real surprise was when I was back in a hotel having many interviews about my mysterious disappearance, and return. I gave them the short version of how I went to stay with locals, and learned a lot about the character I played in the movies. While rumors that I was a priestess went around, I just said I was given some holy symbols of Inanna, Queen of the Sumerian Pantheon. I also learned about her priesthood, and I intend to use that in future films. I never confirmed nor denied being a priestess. It was a private interview with a few of the local archaeologists that was the shocker. It seems they only recently learned my real name. A name mentioned in the recent finds of a library hidden in the temple.
"How can this be? Your name is on the tablet, your profession is described, and the statue in your likeness? This is not possible."
I used the whammy on them and asked, "Is your desire to know truly for science?" They all responded positively. "Actually, it is possible. Come with me." I led them to my room, and had them sit at a table. I got out my laptop, and proceeded to show them some pictures I had taken of the city of Kish. "Queen Inanna took me from the temple back in time. I was there for two years, and I was able to capture these pictures."
When one came up of me writing a tablet, with others in the background, one of them said, "Stop. Go back. Yes there. Can you zoom in on the unfinished tablet?" As I did, he pulled out his own tablet and was quickly going through it. "Aha! Here it is." He then fiddled a bit then put his screen next to mine. It was clear these were the same tablets, but my picture showed it three quarters done, indicating it was still being made.
"Impossible. There are other tablets in the picture. Zoom in on another." I did, and soon they had a corresponding picture of the same tablet. We confirmed three more before they believed.
"Gentlemen, I do not want it known that I traveled in time. I don't want to be poked and prodded to death. However, I would be happy to let you access most of the information I collected from the past. I don't want to let any image of me in the past get out to the public. At least until I have a solid way to explain it without time travel."
"You would do that?"
"I think I am responsible for the library you found. I 'penned' many tablets, with the intent of telling the future about how people of the past lived. I knew you would appreciate it."
"Oh, thank you!" Everyone nodded.
"I can also teach you the language as I learned it and used it then. Your current understanding is a bit off. I also have some films of locals talking."
We exchanged contact info, and I sent them some pristine images of completed tablets along with a translation.
After they left, I had a bath. In the middle of the night, my new phone rang. It was my agent. "Helen, we have a sweet deal, and all that publicity you managed will make it even better, if we can pull it off."
"What are you talking about?"
"The new movie I just signed you for."
"I don't recall any movies being discussed."
"Oh yeah, you were 'gone' when the news hit. One of the tablets they found while you were gone had a great story of Nigkala. It seems Kish was invaded, and being pressured to surrender when suddenly Nigkala appeared even though she died two centuries earlier. She defended the city in single combat against a mountain of a man. Could be hard to find one given your size, but hey, let special effects earn their keep. Anyway, she defeats him, takes him down savagely, then kills the king of the invaders, and the city is saved. They even made a statue of her. If the studio can pull this off, we can make a shit-load of money off all this press."
"Okay, okay. I'm in. Where do I need to go, and how soon do I need to be there." We continued talking for another few minutes, and I then left word for Filipe that a movie called. I then packed and went to the lobby to await the lift to the airport. I got in the car.
Just as my eyes closed I heard, "I have plans for you." I opened my eyes wide, as I recognized Inanna's voice.
But that is another story...