After many discussions, tonight was the night: Gigi and I were ready to head out the door to a local lifestyle club. While I had a few butterflies, Gigi was understandably more nervous. I was the veteran (having done this once before) but this would be her first experience. I watched her put the finishing touches on her outfit - a not-quite-scandalous black dress that would leave observers eyeing her thighs. That is, if they could stop staring at her gravity-defying 40DD's and the accompanying cleavage. The top portion of the dress being mostly lace caught the eye. The black, thigh-high, leather boots, that boosted five-foot-ten to well over six-feet, meant people could begin taking-in my red-headed amazon goddess from a great distance.
It was fun pretending not to notice the admiring stares that began in the elevator and followed us through the lobby to the car. During the few minutes it took to drive to the club our hands were roaming, I answered any questions, and there was no small amount of nervous laughter. Though discussed at length, Gigi made sure I understood that she was excited, and curious, but that she was far too self-conscious to contemplate attempting the hot tub on this first visit as it would mean getting entirely nekkid. Stunning as she was, and no matter my reassurances that she need not do anything she was uncomfortable with, she once again stated that at least tonight, no one but me would see her nekkid. I assured her that her choices were fine. I reminded her that we could turn around in the parking lot and try another time - or leave after 5 minutes - just whatever was comfortable. This was meant to be exciting but low pressure.
I pulled into the lot andI turned-off the car. We took a moment to catch our breath. With a smooch for courage we got out, grabbed our duffel bag from the trunk, and then I followed Gigi's clicking-heels across the lot to the unassuming entry door. The club was run by a couple and we met her at the check-in desk. She was very welcoming and down-to-earth. In a few minutes we had our newly minted membership card ready and had signed the waiver confirming we were adults and understood what we were getting into. Then it was up the stairs into the club itself.
The room was divided roughly in half. One side had cocktail tables and a couple of sofas. The other had a few more tables and some comfy lounge chairs and sofas.. The purple-felt on the pool table shimmered a little from a blacklight. In the middle of the room was the dance floor - and off the dance floor was the door to the stairs down to the play area.
In hopes of getting our bearings and soothing the nerves we found a table and had a drink. Perhaps 6 or 7 other couples were already here though it was still early. Some were chatting, some were dancing - it really was just a night-club where the ladies' outfits were a bit on the skimpy side. The only other oddity was the brass pole on one corner of the dance floor - which garnered some giggles when I caught Gigi giving it an interested look.
More couples arrived while we sipped our drinks. It was a very mellow atmosphere - one that helped the nervous newcomers settle-in. I asked Gigi if she would like a tour of the playrooms while it was early and still quiet down there. Her eyes lit up and we headed for the playroom door. Once again heads-turned as Gigi passed though with more hungry, lingering eyes than back at the apartment building.
I went down ahead of Gigi so that I could offer a bit of balance to the nervous club goer in the five-inch stiletto boots. At the bottom landing I opened the door and led her through the short hallway. It was lined with curtained alcoves containing love-seats and I mentioned that this was as far as I'd been able to really roam on my prior visit with Millie.
Millie and I had come here on Halloween - primarily because we were both eager to dip out toes into this new experience - but also because it meant we could wear masks, which really eased the newbie stress. But Halloween was one of their biggest nights of the year and both the club and the playrooms were hopping, so when we decided to partake of the playrooms, the only space left was a cozy nook off this hallway. Tonight was much quieter, plus we had arrived early. We assumed that we were the only ones down here but paused when we heard the unmistakable sound of a woman mid-orgasm. However, it turned out they had a TV playing porn just ahead and we were by ourselves in the play area.
A few more steps brought us into the central area: warm and dimly lit we saw the TV, as well as a double-bed backed with a wall-high mirror, a sofa, a massage table, and the still-covered hot tub generating a low hum that permeated the space. There was a wall of cubby holes to store bags, and many stacks of clean towels. I gave her the tour of the three other doors that led off the room. The first led down to a washroom with a shower. The second to a group play room with three beds and lots of mirrors. But it was the third door that got our attention. Inside was a room about 8' square. The wall over the double-bed was all mirror - but it was the sex swing that held Gigi's interest. Bolted into the ceiling it was a mix of black nylon straps and soft padding suspended from a heavy-duty spring.
She strolled around the swing running her hands along the straps. Grinning, I asked her "would you like to try it out?" and her throaty "god yes!" was all I needed to hear. I pulled her to me and our hungry mouths met. She was breathing very hard. I told her the rules of the rooms. "If a door is closed you are not to disturb the occupants. But if it's open people may watch - and may ask to join in. So - would you like to have the door open or closed?" Biting her lip she thought for a moment, shrugged, and sat back into the swing with a crazy smile - she was brave with no one else down here. I asked if she wanted to get undressed but she said "no need." Holding herself up with the straps, she leaned-back and lifted her legs to show off her perfectly smooth pussy under the short dress. Wetness caught the light and my pants were suddenly far too tight. First, I helped her get her legs into the straps and get comfortable - the image of her floating there, hands above her head gripping the straps, legs open with those fuck-me-boots in the air, throwing her head back and laughing with her long hair flowing behind her....growl.
Now I, ever the exhibitionist, had all my clothes off in a blink. Well versed in her talent for squirting I stacked a couple of towels on the floor below her and then knelt on the towels so I could bury my tongue in her already juicy folds. There is just nothing in the world as heavenly as the aroma of an excited woman. Using my mouth and fingers soon she was soaking my face and gushing hot cum down onto the towels. Moans of "fuck yes!" coupled with twitches and drenching waves was more than enough encouragement for my tongue.
After a few minutes, my face still dripping, I stood up, got a grip on the straps, and in one smooth motion buried my throbbing cock in her frictionless pussy. With the straps for leverage I fucked her hard and fast. With each thrust our hips slapped together and the sound bounced around the small room. Adding to the unique motion was the spring at the ceiling, bouncing with every movement. I was in pure animal mode fucking with abandon, egged-on by Gigi's happy moans and demands of "harder...fuck me harder!" God it was amazing...but then...voices!
I was up on my toes, lost in the pleasure of this new experience with a sex swing and my devil-may-care Amazon girlfriend. My bare ass was to the open door as I hammered into her...but there was no mistaking the sounds that had just drifted down the entry hall. It sounded like a veteran was giving a new couple a play room tour. I froze, not breathing, and our eyes locked. Her left foot was mere inches from the door - she could kick it closed with little effort. I looked back at the door, then met her eyes again with a raised eyebrow.. "Fuck me" she said under her breath and leaned back, swinging her long red hair behind her as she floated in the wing. I was so turned-on my cock felt like an iron bar. Loving her confidence I began hammering deep on each stroke, letting the sounds of our hips slapping welcome the newcomers to the club. We heard a few more words and then a gasp followed by nervous laughter as the tour group caught sight of us putting the swing to good use. I kept my hips moving and could tell from the low voices they had stopped to watch the show...which if anything made me harder still.
After a few more minutes (and a number of wonderfully noisy orgasms) I helped Gigi from the swing to the bed. The tour group seemed to have moved-on, but we closed the door so Gigi felt comfortable doffing her clothes. She crawled onto the bed and we both watched ourselves in the wall-sized mirror as I entered her from behind. Soon our hips were slamming together again. Feeling me swell inside her she knew I could hold out no longer and she turned to finish me with her mouth. I was treated to the best hi-def porn ever when I raised my eyes to the mirror. Back to the mirror as she crouched on the bed I could see Gigi's perfect ass, arched back, and the bobbing red hair as she milked the last of my orgasm from my twitching cock. When I could barely stand-up from the sensation she released me and rolled back on the bed. Catching herself in the mirror she used her fingers to collect some cum from her chin. Having spread towels over the bed I collapsed beside her - we were dripping with sweat and breathing hard. Salty smooches and roaming hands continued as we recovered.
Knowing her reluctance around the hot tub I told her I was going to have a quick shower, then get dressed and we could go back upstairs for another drink. Slipping out the door I hurried through the main room to the shower, cleaned-up, dried off, then hustled back. I found her sitting up on the bed, still flushed, grinning. I asked her "do you want to shower? I could bring you a big towel to cover up with?" She seemed to finally make a decision she must have been pondering while I was showering. "Nope. I want to try the hot tub." She laughed at the surprise on my face...then up she stood, opened the door, strutted barefoot through the room, and sank into the hot tub. Her tour through the open area got admiring glances from two couples in the group room who had come downstairs while I was showering.
The rest of the evening was fun and relaxed...and though we skipped the swing we did need to make a second visit to the playroom.