Mia Murcia is a 27-year-old Colombian migrant, and ambitious "Ultimate Battle of the Sexes" wrestler, living in the New England region of North America. This series follows her trials and triumphs in the corporate cyber-future of the states, where one bad deal or unlucky day could land you in contracted sexual servitude to repay your debts.
She and her biologically enhanced brother, Manny, fight and fuck their way through life inside the ring, and out - alongside a colorful cast of friends and foes who are equally committed to dominance and survival. It's skill or fill in 2069, and the threadbare leash of mercy frays a little more each day.
***
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. While the story may refer to real places, none of the scenes depicted have any relation to past or current people and events. Names, characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Kink warnings: sexual slavery, sexual aggression, dubious consent
All sexually-active characters are 18+
(Feedback welcome and appreciated! But dislike doesn't need to be insulting. If this isn't your bag of bananas that's cool, no need to squash them up for everyone else.)
*****
Chapter 1
SunLive Arena
Miami, FL
September 3, 2069
9:14 P.M.
"The Minotaur has managed to get Browning into a modified flying-v! What a transition from her side-saddle hold," Tony laughed into the mic, holding a palm to his forehead in disbelief. Lester, understandably, seemed less surprised. Manny had at least a 40-pound advantage on the girl, and was a full tier ahead in physical enhancements.
Sugar Browning's impressive afro was flattened against the mat, with her shins nearly touching her shoulders, and my brother's creaky knee pressed into her naked chest. He lay perpendicular across her folded body, with 11 of his 12 inches tunneled into her delicious chocolate puss. His sweat-soaked grin lit up the jumbo screens overhead, as he repeatedly dropped his hips against her healthy ass cheeks in a bid to wrap up the match.
But the toned, determined femme-lete found leverage to sink a blow into the heavy knee pinning her tits flat, and Manny recoiled in pain just as he was about to pop. He rolled onto his side, and Browning's legs dropped over his torso as she seized her chance to get clear of the eruption. She pressed her palms beneath her, scooting herself away - but Manny's flared cock head served its purpose beautifully.
Just before his opponent could force an out-cum and earn a round point, her tight pussy bulged around the fat tip of my brother's cock, and she was momentarily stuck. Manny's orgasm rumbled through his shaft, and he tossed his head back in a triumphant cry of pleasure as he soaked the lithe ebony's insides with a hose-blast of hot cum. Her legs trembled against his ribs and thigh, and her flat tummy swelled visibly while her hole was plugged up with oversized mod-cock.
"The Minotaur cinches it, with a last-second pussy fill!" Tony cried, and the arena fans were on their feet, whooping and clapping so hard their palms went numb. My brother mentally disengaged his EverHARD pump, and as his dick slowly deflated it slipped free from Browning's snatch, followed by a gushing river of jizz. He limped to his feet, favoring his bum knee, and held a hand down for his opponent. She lay there for a moment collecting herself, panting and oozing, then grabbed his wrist to be helped up.
I clapped along with the rest of the audience from my V.I.P. seat just outside the ring, smiling as my brother celebrated with his team. The freshly-laid silver filigree on my upper arms glinted in the light - a gift from Lane to symbolize our developing partnership. The intricate linework looked a bit like a flowered vine snaking down from my shoulders, and stopped just short of my inner elbows. She'd said that it not only looked nice, but would help vent body heat, too. I didn't pretend to fully understand it, but I liked the look even more than the Battle-brand on my neck.
***
SERVE
That's what the holo-sign said above the Pet bar where Manny's trainer took us out to celebrate. We hadn't been down to Florida in a while, and were glad for the warm escape of Fall in the South. Back home it was already growing chilly as the leaves changed and dropped from the trees, but in Miami - it was bikinis and linen suits year round.
Beneath the high-top table next to us in the neon-accented micro club, a squad of four guys got serviced by some bimbofied girls in sparkly collars. The sloppyglukh glukh glurghsounds were only scarcely drowned out by the thumping of the drum and bass music, as the patrons sloppy-fucked the faces between their legs. Above the table, they prattled loudly and guffawed over a graveyard of empty shot glasses and beer bottles, toasting to one thing or another in turn.
"What'll ya have, Mimi?" Manny's trainer, Jonah, leaned close and yelled over the noise. I looked up from my shoulder design at him, and then at the server waiting beside him. She was a ponytailed Latina wearing a fishnet top and a forked streak of cum down the middle of her face.
"Cuba Libre," I projected across the table. She nodded and her eyes flashed blue for a moment, then she shifted her thonged hips as she headed back to the bar.
"Drinks on me, you two! Celebrating Colombia's finest tonight!" Jonah slapped both our backs with a cheery grin, his rough hands always a bit too heavy and harsh. He was a stocky white guy in his late 40s, with a frumpy professional wardrobe and a head of scraggly, straw-colored hair that needed cutting.
"Careful, Jo - Mia might drink you dry," Manny gave me a sly look, drumming his fingers on the table to the beat. I lovingly flipped him the bird and turned to watch a competition taking place on the stage at the center of the venue. Four women were bent over with their hands and feet suctioned into shiny little buckets, and four men stood behind them, railing their exposed assholes for all they were worth. The D.J. booth was at the center of the colorful, strobing island stage, and the young raver manning it was keeping an eye on each of the contestants through red visor shades.
The women howled with pleasure and gushed occasionally from their soaked, quivering pussies - which were desperate for cock while the guys focused entirely on their tight shitters. Each squirting, orgasmic torrent splattered onto the round, metallic platform, and increased a counter for that contestant on a pinscreen overhead.
"I don't get it," I leaned toward Manny, "what's the goal here?"
"Gotta make 'em squirt!" My brother cupped a hand beside his mouth, "first to 20 is the winner, I think."
"Who gets off being used like that?" I mused, watching one of the girls nearly topple over from another earth-shattering climax.
"Sluts!" Jonah cackled, throwing his hands into the air.
"Yeah, mostly - probably helps that they're pleasure-chipped, though. Bet those things are cranked to the max right now," Manny said as one of the guys busted a nut deep in his girl's ass, and tried to keep going to get a few more squirts on the board.
"So they don'tactuallywant to be up there, they're just being tricked into liking it?" I furrowed my brow.
"What! No - it's all volunteer," Jo leaned aside as the server returned with our drink orders, letting her set them down, then holding out his hand to tip her. "Pets aren't the only ones with pleasure chips, y'know."
In fact I did not know. I'd spent most of my youth and career trying tosubduemy own pleasure, to win matches and avoid being controlled. Who would willingly install a chip in their brain that makes them lose their mind at the sight of a dick, and allow themselves to be fucked stupid by total strangers? As if to answer my question, one of the girls locked her trembling knees together and fired a hydrant-bursting final squirt onto the stage, making the cock in her ass the winner.
"I thought this was a Pet bar, though?" I looked at Jo quizzically.
"Yeah, it is - but other people like to fuck too, Mimi," he grinned and took a swig of his cocktail. "You should try having some fun now and then. Can't only fuck for sport ya know!"
Chapter 2
Harley's Holes Ltd.
Woodbridge Township, New Jersey
September 8, 2069
1:41 P.M.
Rita - Age 22 - Polish
Throat **
Pussy ***
Ass *
The hippy girl with the thick thighs and mousy bob looked straight ahead as I inspected her holo-plaque. She was in the middle of a row of girls standing at attention along the rear wall of the store. The high-quality Pets were kept near the front of the store, where Lane was conversing with the manager - who incidentally wasnotnamed Harley. I'd decided to browse on my own for a bit, never having been in a Pet store before.
Mona - Age 25 - Sudanese
Throat ***
Pussy **
Ass ***
"Are you actually from Sudan?" I asked the petite black girl with the short, wiry curls.
"No, ma'am - that's just my heritage," she looked straight ahead, like Rita beside her.
"You don't have to call me ma'am," I said, and she glanced at my face briefly but kept quiet. "Who determines these ratings?" I asked her, swishing my finger through the intangible stars beside her "Throat" evaluation.
"They're an amalgam of reviews from previous leases," a voice said from off to my right, "but we do try to verify in-house." I turned my head to see a smartly-suited woman with a tight silver bun and stylish glasses approaching with a smile. "I'm Deirdre, you must be Lane's associate, Mia."
"I am, yes," I held out a hand to accept hers, and her glassy bracelets clicked together as we shook. I'd taken to wearing slightly more "businessy" attire on my outings with Lane - trading up from my flight jacket and bralette to a black blazer and tank top. I'd even slipped into a dark blue thong, so as to draw moderately less attention to my exposed pussy.
"She's having another look over our front-of-house offerings, so I thought to introduce myself. I'm the curator here at Harley's, for the East Coast region." She looked over at what amounted to her "clearance" section with a mildly unimpressed face. "Why don't I give you a demonstration? With some of our higher quality offerings."
"Oh, I don't..." I started, unsure how to respond and having no idea what she meant, specifically. Neither of us had a cock, and I didn't really want to watch some random stock boy plow one of the girls in an aisle somewhere.
"Come, come - follow me," she turned and beckoned over her shoulder. We passed through the busy store into a quiet back hallway that contained a series of swinging double-doors. Deirdre led me past a few before stopping and pushing one open for me to enter. Inside, there were four nude girls in temporary, paper collars, waiting patiently on flat, padded benches. The rooms had a clinical feel to them, apart from the wall of sex toys behind the benches - all colored bright orange and neatly arranged on their racks.
One of the girls smiled as we entered, and sat up tall on her bench. She had thick, dark hair and a slight sunburn - the others were mostly petite white girls with light hair and blue or green eyes. Deirdre clacked over to the sunburned girl and stopped in front of her.
"Lynette, wasn't it? Are you ready for your ratings review?" She smiled down at the naked girl, and Lynette nodded enthusiastically. She had narrow hips, and perky tits that defied gravity, and her nose was dotted with a cute mask of freckles. "Mia, would you grab for me one of the 12-inch dildos from the wall, please?" Deirdre turned in place to face me.
"Sure, okay..." I paced between the benches and traced along the labels beneath the toys, selecting one of the veiny, floppy 12-inch phalluses and bringing it over to Deirdre. She accepted it and turned it over so that it hung above Lynette like a rubbery sword.
"Head back, please. Mouth and throat open." Lynette did as she was asked, tilting her head back and sticking out her tongue. She even said "ahh" like she was at the dentist, and then Deirdre began lowering the dildo into her mouth. It slid easily along the girl's tongue for five or six inches, then butted and bent against her throat.
"Open, I said," the silver-haired woman reiterated, and pressed down on the dildo's base. Lynette gurgled and shifted on the bench, trying to make room for the rubbery head prodding her tonsils. Deirdre adjusted her grip to give the cock another push, and with a choking groan it plopped into Lynette's neck and sent a light spray of spittle over her lips. The next sound the girl made was as close to laughter as I can imagine from a choking person.
"Better," Deirdre smiled, "now try to relax." Lynette nodded, and I folded my hands together in front of me as I watched the older woman begin fucking her throat with the veiny dick rod. Tears trickled down Lynette's cheeks, and drool bubbled at the corners of her mouth, but she didn't resist at all. In fact, her bare feet rubbed together beside Deirdre's heeled ones, and she placed her hands over her shaved pussy. The girl on the closest bench watched and listened to Lynette gurgle and gag, but the other two looked away, trying to block it out.
Deirdre placed both hands on the base of the cock and forced it down as far as it would go, causing Lynette's eyes to bug out as her neck clogged with 10 thick inches of rubber, and snot splurted from her nostrils over her lips. Deirdre held her there like that, counting the seconds in her head, until a deep, groaning retch cued her to pull the huge blockage out. Lynette strained wetly, lurching forward and spilling a thin stream of bile onto the tiled test room floor. She gasped and coughed her throat clear as strands of drool and snot swayed from her face - and when she'd caught her breath some, she raised herself up with proud, expectant eyes to look at the curator.
"Not bad, seems your four-star throat reviews had some merit to them after all," Deirdre placed a hand on her hip, letting the dribbling dildo sag from her other hand toward the floor. "Alright then, pussy next - hands and knees, please."
***
"But they're not actuallymarriedto the girls, right?" I jostled in the passenger seat of Lane's van as we turned down another cobblestone road on our way to her friend's house.
"No, standard leases don't allow for marriage of a Pet. They're just called 'Wives' because they're contracted for breeding." Lane's round, mirrored sunglasses reflected the cute little neighborhood trundling by us through the windshield.
"But Girlfriends aren't," I was starting to get the terminology down.
"Right. SexCorp even implants birth control to prevent it during the lease - in Girlfriends and in public Pets." That was surprising. But every corporate decision could reliably be traced to pursuit of profit or avoidance of legal headaches. That much I understood.
"And what determines the type of contract these girls end up with?"
"Usually the amount of debt, but in some cases they get a bit of say. You've already seen how some enjoy it. And plenty weren't even in debt when they got contracted," Lane turned into the driveway of a two-story home with a wide front porch.
"Not in debt... then, why become a Pet?" I looked at her. She looked back and I saw my face reflected in her shades.
"Plenty of reasons - might just like leather, or the taste of cum." Lane popped her door open and headed for the front steps of the house. I was still in my business thong and aching to get back home so I could relax. I picked at the shoestring being swallowed by my ass as Lane rang the doorbell. I could hear voices upstairs, and distant thudding, but no footsteps coming to the door. Lane pressed the little round button again.
A minute later the sound of heels on hardwood approached and the front door swung open. Standing in the frame before me was the most gorgeous Ebonite human I'd ever laid eyes on. They had on a brutal leather corset and a beaded headdress over their shaved pate, and heavy metallic eyeshadow around narrow, slanted eyes.
"Hello, Xu - how have you been?" Lane smiled, holding her little yellow clutch against the thighs of her white pantsuit. Her tall friend regarded us for a moment longer than was comfortable before speaking.
"You beautiful bitch, where have you been?" They smirked, and invited us in. The inside of the house was packed with pastel furniture and bizarre sculptures. I could see why Lane got along with this person. They led us into the kitchen and offered us seltzer, but we declined.
"I'm in the middle of some recreation, if you don't mind talking upstairs," Xu said, and guided us to the brightly carpeted staircase on the left side of the house. The second story was primarily an open space, bookended by a couple of small rooms. And on the far wall as we reached the landing, a large-bellied black man was sitting on a bed with a tiny white girl on his lap. Even from a distance, I could see his fat shaft stretching her pink puss and holding her upright like a sock puppet.
"This is my partner Devan, and our Pet, Lacy," Xu said as their heels stabbed across the upstairs carpeting, and the sheer, sparkly train of their corset fluttered behind them.
"Afternoon," Devan said gruffly with a stubbled smile. He had hairy arms and legs, and a reddish mop that looked chemically straightened. The little white girl on his lap had sweaty, stringy blue hair and a body like the college girls at Rutgers. I wondered for a moment if shewasa student, paying off her loans through a Pet contract rather than a Scholarship Station.
"Hi, Devan - good to see you," Lane held up a hand. Then she shifted her gaze. "Lacy, nice to meet you." The little white girl smiled.
"Continue," Xu flicked a hand at her partner and their Pet, settling down into a basket chair with a clear view of the bed where the recreation was taking place. They gestured to a nearby loveseat for Lane and I to occupy. As we did, Devan circled Lacy's hips with thick, black fingers, and started pumping her up and down on his cock like a toy. We watched like a miniature audience at a peep show, as Lacy placed her hands over Devan's and her feet on his thighs.
"So, I hear you've been busy," Xu said, not looking away from the bed.
"I have, but I'm keeping it reasonable," Lane said, adjusting her clutch on her lap.
"I don't know that I'd call den-diving reasonable."
"Mia was with me, there weren't any problems."
"Not yet."
I blinked away from the sexual display and looked between the two of them. They didn't look at me.
"Don't worry, I'm doing a good deal more selling than anything. There are no strings."
"I've seen the stories about the vandals up the coast. And the disappearances. Just make sure you're being more subtle."
"I know. Thank you for your worries, darling. Here." Lane opened her clutch and took out an envelope. It was unlabeled. She handed it to me to pass over, and I stared at it for a moment before doing so, unable to glean anything from it. Xu accepted it, and tucked it beneath their thigh to open later.
"On her knees now, facing me," the bald-headed beauty clicked their long nails together, and Devan quit fucking for a moment to adjust. Lacy groaned ecstatically as she was lifted off the thick rod between her thighs, and flopped forward onto her belly. Her colorful hair tumbled over the sheets as Devan moved behind her, grabbing her waist and hoisting it up so that her knees propped her ass in the air. "Eyes here, dolly," Xu said, and Lacy swept the hair out of her face so she could look at her owner.
We watched the rest of the display reverently, as Xu instructed the pair on the bed into different positions. Devan's heavy, dark frame mingled with and dominated Lacy's delicate, pale flesh, both of them soaking the mattress with sweat. It was an oddly satisfying dance, and felt like it had history behind it, somehow. When Devan finally climaxed he was standing over his panting plaything, and she gleefully caught as many ropes of wet jizz as she could on her outstretched tongue.
Chapter 3
U.B.S. Headquarters
Stamford, Connecticut
September 10, 2069
11:14 A.M.
The placard on the desk read "Mansley Thrush - Executive Producer" - but we knew Mansley, and there was nothing "executive" about him, apart from the suits he'd started wearing after he retired from the ring. He'd been an old-timer when we got into the league, but rather than settling into a cozy life somewhere with all his earnings, he decided to use his familiarity with the sport to climb the corporate ladder.
Manny and I were let into his office by his secretary, while he wrapped up a meeting with his boss in a conference room down the hall. We weren't important enough to meet the Chef Admin Officer, but we'd heard she was a pretty cold bitch. I looked around the room, thinking what a narcissist one had to be to frame magazine covers of oneself and hang them all around their office - and then the narcissist strode in through the door.
"Whew, hey guys - sorry for the wait," Mansley grinned and swept a hand toward his short, sand-colored ponytail. "Good to see you both!" He held out a beefy hand and we both shook it somewhat unenthusiastically.
"Yeah, hey. What the hell is up with this match-up? Manny and I don't wrestle each other." I got straight to the point. I didn't have the patience for Mansley's shit and he hadn't even started giving me any yet. I'd seen the schedule first, and called Manny immediately. He didn't seem as surprised or angry as I felt, but he agreed he thought he remembered having that discussion with the commission reps when we were both finally in the league. I called headquarters next, and got us a meeting with Mansley for the following day.
"Well, technically just because you haven't doesn't mean youwon't," the buff, gray-suited sleaze settled into the rolling chair behind his desk and laced his fingers over his belly. "There's nothing in your contracts that prevents it, so it's been more of a courtesy up to now." He looked from me to Manny with his pinpoint green eyes.
"So, why would the courtesy stop all of a sudden now?" I was bouncing my heel. It wasn't helping.
"Because U.B.S. is a show, guys. The drama isn't scripted like the old days, but the show still needs drama. Some sibling rivalry will really stir things up - it'll be good for both of you, think of the recognition!"
"We don't need some publicity stunt to get recognition, we alreadyhaverecognition. Just change the schedule - swap us for another pair that week, the ratings will be the same," I waved my hand at the slot in his desk where his computer screen would slide up if he planned to use it.
"It's out of my hands, guys - you must know that. I'm not the commission, I workforthe commission. I'm just the messenger here," Mansley held his hands out to show that they were empty, nothing up his sleeves.
"So let me talk to the commission then, weren't you just with your boss? Can she get it changed?" I looked over at Manny, who was being uncharacteristically quiet.
"Not a possibility, I'm afraid. Once the schedule is decided it's decided. Do you have any idea the ad revenue we would lose if we promised sponsors a big tune-in and then pulled the plug? Listen to me, this is agood thing- for your career, for your pockets, for your legacy here at U.B.S. Just roll with it, the climb to the top doesn't always take you along the path you expected, or even the one you wanted!" He flashed a crooked smile and stood from his seat, letting us know the meeting was over.
"Come on, Meem - let's go," Manny stood up and turned for the door.
"No fuck that, I'm not gonna go along with whatever's 'on the schedule' just because they don't feel like changing it," I flipped a frame off Mansley's desk containing a photo of him with Brawnswick from a few years earlier.
"Mia! Let's fucking go, c'mon," Manny grabbed my arm and pulled me toward the door, and I gave Mansley the finger on my way out.
***
"You couldn't have fucking said something back there?" I turned to Manny as he closed the door to our apartment behind us. I'd spent the ride home fuming, trying to kill the birds outside the truck window with my hateful glare.
"Like what? Pretty please? You know they don't listen to shit." My brother brushed past me and opened the wall fridge, taking out a packet of papaya juice and pulling the tab to slurp it down.
"Probably because nobody fucking pushes back when they say shit is final! Manny - we're not fucking wrestling each other." I put my hands on my bare hips and stared at him as he leaned against our kitchen table. He took another slurp of juice. "Manny!"
"I hear you. But what's the alternative, we get suspended? Blackballed? Get our contracts ripped up?"
"They wouldn't rip up a damn contract that's why they exist, they can't get out of it either."
"They can if we violate the terms."
"There's no fucking term that says we have to wrestle each other!"
"Oh so you read all five thousand fucking pages before signing?"
"No! I just... We're not fuckingpuppets, you know?" My voice went soft. Manny was staring at his snakeskin-patterned boots, lost in thought. "It would be... it would be embarrassing, don't you think?"
He actually snuffed at that. "Embarrassing. Because the other shit you do out there isn't embarrassing?" I felt a pang in my chest.
"What the fuck." It wasn't even a question, just verbal disbelief. "What the fuck does that mean?"
"It means the whole fucking sport is 'embarrassing' for femme-letes! You get tossed around and stuffed and creamed out there, for what? To 'win' a handful of matches by STILL making the guy cum, just not inside you?" Manny crumpled the juice packet and dropped it on the table, then crossed his arms, and continued staring at his shoes.
I was floored. He'd never talked about the sport, or me, like that before.
"I don't... I'm not some fucking rag," I felt hot tears welling behind my eyes. I was not the crying type, and the sensation made me feel even angrier. "I'm not some fucking Pet, I'm putting up a fight out there - I'm choosing for my damn self. What are you doing? Just whatever the fucking commission tells you? We're supposed to be a team - we're supposed to have each other's backs. That was the deal when we came here. Watch out for each other. Always." A heated trickle spilled down my left cheek as my vision of Manny wavered. He dropped his hands and gripped the edge of the table.
"You ever notice there's no male Pets, Mia? No femme-letes topping the U.B.S. charts? Nobody'schoosinganything. The rules are made way,wayabove our heads, and we keep our heads down to survive. Women especially. Because they turn you into fodder. And you can be feisty, angry fodder - but you're still fodder. And... I don't want to see you get hurt, when it would only cost us a little dignity to stay safe."
"Safe..." my voice was beginning to waver too, like my vision.
"I just... Why are you even still in this, if you're embarrassed by what happens out there?"
"I'm not embarrassed about the whole thing - just about being turned into a fucking sideshow with a match against my brother! And why the fuck are you still in it if you think it just turns us into fodder??" I tossed a hand at him and paced like I was going somewhere, but there was nowhere to go.
"Because! What the fuck else are we gonna do?? You think me and you are gonna get corporate jobs like white-boy Mansley? Or get a loan to open up some mod shop or restaurant chain? This is what wecando and it's been working really well for us."
"Oh so it's not just the fangirls you're always fucking and the tits you're always signing and the worship you're always getting from complete fucking strangers online?" My tears burned like venom.
"Jesús Cristo - you love the adoration too. It feels good to be singled out in apositiveway for once! Can't you just enjoy the good parts? Yes, it feels good! It feels good fucking in the ring! It feels good fucking out here! It feels good beingadmiredfor once, instead of spit on and outcasted." Manny shook the table in his grip with each emphatic statement.
"And you don't think the league is spitting on us now, by turning us into 'those siblings who fucked in front of the world on TV'? You don't think that'll have any effect on your adoring fans - that girls are still gonna want to fuck the Minotaur after that?" I was trembling. I couldn't differentiate between the anger and the sadness anymore. Manny was quiet for a long time.
"I just... what do we have, Mia, if we don't at least have this?"
"Do you really need to ask that? Manny, we have each other, you fucking idiot. And a little shred of pride to hold on to. Every other fucking thing in the world is for sale. Can we atleastnot sell that?" I roughly swiped my jacket sleeve over my damp cheeks, wetting the shiny material and sniffling once. Manny closed his yellow eyes, and exhaled heavily.
Chapter 4
Lafayette Highrise Apartments, #1403
Trenton, New Jersey
September 16, 2069
7:03 P.M.
She sat at the small, round kitchen table in a sheer, pink nightie that barely reached her waist. Her head hung down, facing her empty plate, and the straight hair spilling over her shoulders was the same color as the twilight slats of sunlight filtering in through the blinds.
Her owner stood humming in front of the stove, frying up dinner in a pair of stained briefs. He clicked off the burners, filled his plate with chicken and rice and beans, then went over to the freezer and took out a tray of frozen white pucks. The girl remained focused on her plate, as he pushed one of the pucks out onto it, and set his fresh, steaming dinner on the table across from her.
He slumped into his chair and began eating noisily. The scraping of his silverware on the plate made her cringe, and her stomach growled at the smell of his food. She could even feel herself salivating, and swallowed hard. He looked up with wooden, joyless eyes.
"Eat." His tone was not a suggestion. She watched the slimy white puck melting in front of her, and felt nauseous. Her hands didn't move from her lap. "Eat it," he set his fists down on the table with the knife and fork gripped in them.
She lifted a hand to scoop the inhumane meal from its gooey puddle, and reluctantly slipped it between her lips onto her tongue. Her owner resumed scraping and slurping, and a tear slipped down her cheek as she swallowed the little globs of protein filling her mouth.
She would get more, later. Directly from the source.
Chapter 5
Riya Commons Shopping Center
Kendall Park, New Jersey
September 18, 2069
2:55 P.M.
"So, I'll probably be gone for at least a month. Just wanted to let you know, since I won't be able to come on any tours. We'll have to pause the payback plan for a bit." I was sitting by the metal slab in the back office of Lane's store, where she was sorting some new components on her wooden table. They looked like regular internal bio-mods and broken synthetic joints. She was using a heat gun and little tongs and hammers to break them up into shiny, irregular shapes. Then reforming them to look like various gems or melting them into bars for use in filigree designs. She was diligent in her work, almost religious about it in her focus. I felt sort of bad interrupting.
"I'm not worried about that, Mia. Take your time." If she'd said something like that a few months earlier I would've thought she was just trying to milk our sponsorship for longer. But we rarely talked about the jaw springs anymore, or my debt to her for them. "Are you going to be okay for money, without the weekly match income?" She had on a pair of magnifying goggles, and didn't look up from her work as she spoke.
The match against Manny was supposed to take place two days prior, and despite the reminder emails and warnings from Mansley, we just straight-up didn't show. Our phones were blowing up for multiple hours ahead of the start time, with arena staff demanding to know where we were. But both phones were in the console of Manny's truck while we drank ourselves blind at Bulldog Bar. The bartender, Sal, almost died laughing when Lester and Tony announced that the audience was in for a special surprise match-up between two shem-letes, instead of the scheduled programming. I actually did feel bad for the two dick-girls while the audience was booing their entry down the arena ramps. They didn't deserve all that vitriol that was meant for us. And they put on a great show, regardless.
The next day I got a call from Mansley's boss, Divya, and could feel pure malice in the tone of her smoky voice, as she calmly told me that Manny and I were being suspended for three months. She didn't even give me time to confirm that I understood, just hung up when she was finished relaying the message. She was a busy woman, after all.
"I've got some savings," I answered Lane, "enough to get by for a little while. We're just gonna tour some podunk towns in the woods anyway. Can't imagine things are too pricey down there."
"Got any specific plans in mind?" Lane picked up a metal ring from a collar and began melting it down with her heat gun.
"Um, not really. Just gonna try to enjoy life for a few weeks, if that's still possible," I grinned, adjusting my green sweater and shifting my black boots on the stool.
"A little enjoyment might do you some good," Lane said, setting down the half-melted ring. She swiveled her seat and opened a drawer in her little cabinet, shuffling some things around before turning back with a tiny piece of red plastic, edged with little gold prongs like the stiff bristles of a brush. She held it up in front of her magnifiers.
"What's that?" I asked.
"A pleasure chip." Lane took off her goggles and set them on the desk.
"For... for me? No, thanks Lane. I appreciate it, but-"
"Mia. You've seen a lot, since we started spending time together. I'm sure you've drawn some harsh conclusions about... well, all of it. But, it can be important to see things from all perspectives, before making up your mind."
"I... I see what you're saying, and I appreciate the offer - I just can't be walking around in a constant state of orgasm. It's not really practical for me," I chuckled, thinking the image was kind of funny.
"It's not like a radioactive pleasure bomb," Lane stood and rounded her table, joining me by my stool. "You can switch it on and off, like the masc-lete pumps, if it's set up that way." She placed the chip on her palm and held it out for me to see. It was too small for logos, but I would've bet a year's earnings it was developed by SexCorp.
"I don't have direct brain connectivity, though - and my nerves are-"
"Damaged, I know. This doesn't require either. It's implanted at the nape of your neck, right outside the brain stem. One small incision and a band-aid - and if you ever want it taken out, same process." Her cocoa eye-discs held my gaze a moment before I looked down at the chip again.
"But... how do I activate or deactivate it, then?"
"Manually - you can just pop your shoulders up, like this - and you'll feel it working," Lane demonstrated the odd movement, and smiled.
"Can't it get flipped on by accident, then?" I considered how embarrassing it might be if I squirted a pussy puddle onto someone's shoes during a yawn or something.
"Sure, I suppose that's a possibility. But you'll be on vacation."
"Suspension," I corrected her.
"Right, either way. Give it a try, and if you want it out when you get back, I'll take it out."
I pondered for another moment, then sighed. "How much will I owe you?" I looked up at her with a half-smirk.
"This one's on the house." She smirked back, and then set the chip down to go grab a scalpel, some numbing spray, and bandages.
Chapter 6
Universidad de Medellín
Medellín, Colombia
March 22, 2061
The Social & Human Sciences building was on the opposite side of campus from my all-girls dorm, and my legs often burned after running all the way over there when I was late for class, as usual. I'd chosen Political Science as my major after seeing how my mom's eyes lit up when I was reading off the options in the brochure. I really didn't know much about politics, or science, or how the two could possibly overlap - but I knew my mom thought it would be a good path for me, even though she'd never force me onto it.
Most of my classes were in the morning, even though I hated waking up early. But that did come with the benefit of having my dorm room to myself in the afternoons while my roommate, Jacinda, was in her mid-day classes and then out partying in the evenings. She was a "glamour" girl and we had almost nothing in common. She wore brightly colored dresses and giggled coquettishly when boys would flip them up to fuck her in the lounges of our unlocked residence hall. I was still wearing skirts back then, and would make the boys work for some pussy when they tried to pull me aside at the vending machines or the bulletin boards.
One late morning when I was leaving lecture, a boy caught up with me outside the auditorium and introduced himself. Already that was a sea-change from the usual "¡Quihibo puta, bend over!"
"I'm Andres," he said, "I was the one who flicked the paper at you - sorry." He had a skimpy mustache that looked like he was trying and failing to grow out.
"Oh, I thought it was that bitchy girl who's always sighing," I fixed the shoulder strap of my messenger bag across my pink tee shirt.
"Nah, it just looked like you were dozing off. I didn't want Sr. Alvarez to stand you up in the corner again," Andres chuckled. He offered to walk me back to my dorm, and that was another surprise. If he wanted to fuck me, he was being unusually patient, waiting until we got to my room. I thought maybe he had a tiny dick, and didn't want me to laugh at him in public. But I let him walk me because he was funny, and because if the other guys on campus thought I was already "occupied" then they'd leave me alone for a minute.
We got to my building and veered around a couple of dance girls sucking the custodian's dick by the elevator, taking the stairs up to the second floor instead. Jacinda was gone, and her raised bed opposite mine was cluttered with cum-stained skirts and tops. Andres sat in my desk chair while I sat on my bed, and we laughed about the stupidity of our campus police, and how bad the food was in the dining halls. He made a slick transition to the bed to "show me a music video" from his favorite band, and we ended up sitting side by side staring at his slim trifold phone.
When it was over I looked at him and said it was cool, and that I'd have to look up some of their other stuff. His eyes flickered between mine, and then he kissed me. My knees pressed together reactively, and I felt my stomach float up like I was on a rollercoaster, before I found my fingers in his hair and his tongue behind my teeth. We rolled over onto my mattress, and his hands slipped under my shirt, then lifted it over my head. I unzipped his pants and fished his cock out from his boxers - pleased to discover it wasnotlaughably small, before I started stroking it.
We were naked and I was on all fours in front of him within minutes, and he squeezed my soft, warm tits with one hand while guiding himself inside me with the other. I actually gasped when he slipped into my dribbling, newly-modified snatch - as if I hadn't had 60 different cocks in me over the course of my first year at university. I was permanently tight, though, after mom's gift. And for once, felt a heated wave of desire coursing through me from head to toe when the boy grabbed my hips and began to plow my rippling cheeks.
My hanging C-cups were already flopping wildly, beginning to glisten with sweat when he finally wound my shoulder-length brown curls into his fist and tugged my head back, grunting like a beast tamer.
"You like that?" His voice was punctuated by the slapping of his hips against my ass.
"Y-yes, god..." I was kneading my thick comforter with my fingers like a drugged-out kitten.
"Look at me," he growled, and slipped a hand beneath my throat to arch my face back toward him. My arms dangled and groped the air as his sweating face came into view, upside-down, and he paused his fervent pounding. "Open your mouth," he commanded, with a mischievous look in his eyes.
I obeyed, lips already parted as I tried to keep from hyperventilating with overwhelming arousal. When my mouth was wide, and his fingers tightened around my neck, he pursed his lips and spat onto the back of my tongue.
"Swallow," he said, hazel eyes never leaving my earthy brown ones. I did as I was told, and he said "good girl."
When Jacinda got back from the bar on the strip, carrying her panties in one hand and her scuffed black heels in the other, I was laying under a fresh change of sheets reading a history text. The wet spot from my gushing orgasm with Andres had soaked all the way into the mattress, but there wasn't much I could do about that.
Manny joined me at the university that Fall semester - and by the following one, we were fleeing to Panama, and then, the states.
Chapter 7
Eno River State Park
Durham, North Carolina
September 20, 2069
5:22 P.M.
"These stairs look like they could go at any minute," Manny said, easing down each one behind me like he was prepared to fall through. He always was such a city boy. Not that I was the salt of the earth or anything, but I enjoyed the peace and quiet of nature, when there was any to be found. The shallow, murky river coursed over some rocks failing to obstruct its path at the base of the stairs, surrounded by sparse woods and broad patches of dirt and moss. It was surprisingly warm out still, even with the Autumn breeze - but Manny's friend assured us the temperature would drop quickly as the sun went down.
Boz was a neighbor from our early days in Jersey, and had moved to Durham a little before we entered the league. He and Manny used to smoke weed in the stairwell of our previous apartment all the time, and when he heard we were making a trip down his way he offered his spare rooms to us for an extended stay. We decided to try our hand at some camping first, though - to get some time away from big cities. After some half-assed research, and a slightly irresponsible shopping trip, we packed my brother's big chrome pickup with supplies and hit the road.
We paid for three nights on a plot along the hiking trails, and spent the first hour of our stay figuring out how to assemble the huge tent we'd underestimated the complexity of. I'd bought some new waterproof boots, a windbreaker, and a fur-lined jean jacket - and even an emergency pair of sweatpants, in case the bugs were bad or it really got too cold for bare cheeks. Manny couldn't lower himself to the wearing of flannels or flap-caps, so he was dressed like a lost Californian in his brightly colored hightops and trendy jeans-and-polo combo.
I creaked down the last steps onto the root-blanketed shore of the river, and inhaled deeply with my eyes closed. There was none of the chemical smell of the Delaware - just earthy wetness. And real trees rustled differently than the pseudo ones in the town centers up North. I could even hear animals chittering in the distance, and imagined I was in one of the nature docs I loved to watch at home. A dreadlocked couple hiked by with overstuffed packs on their backs and smiled as they passed. We didn't bring any packs - one of the many oversights we made during our shopping trip. So we just had a big sack of trail snacks and water bottles back at camp that we didn't feel like dragging along on our walk.
"Wonder if they've got any booze in those bags," Manny sniggered after the dread couple was far enough away.
"Probably just kombucha - but that's fermented, right?"
"I legitimately have no idea."
***
We spent a couple hours wandering along the river, picking up sticks and hitting each other with them, and trying to sneak up on birds that were concentrating on prey beneath the water. Then we got hungry, headed back to our campsite, and eventually got a fire going in the little rock ring outside our tent. Manny had insisted on buying the biggest pack of hot dogs he could find, and I had to be the one to throw some veggies and fruit into the cooler as well, lest we try to survive on nothing but processed pork for three days. We kept a couple of the sticks from our pretend sword fights, and used them to roast our weenies over the crackling flames.
Boz wasn't kidding about the sundown chill factor - the temperature must have dropped 15 degrees by the time we got back to camp. The fire felt great, though, and the smoke kept the bugs away, even if I did feel suffocated every time the wind blew it toward me.
"What'd Mackey say when you told him we were leaving town?" Manny asked, rotating his footlong on the end of a thick, snapped twig.
"He said, 'be cayhful down theah, ain't everyone as tohlerant as folks up heah,'" I grinned, lowering my floppy weiner into the flames until it started to bubble from the heat.
"Your impressions are fucking terrible," Manny chuckled. I shrugged.
"He gets it. Even said it might be good for me. What about Jo?"
"Well, apart from asking me to go back to Miami with him instead - pretty much the same."
"Yeah. You gonna survive without any pussy for a few days?" I lifted my twig before it caught fire.
"There'll be plenty in Durham, I'm sure. Boz said so," Manny smirked, checking his meal with his fingers and deciding it was cooked enough for a bite. Boz was a lifelong bachelor. He claimed it was by choice, but I think the girls that did come around just didn't like being second choice after his bong. "You gonna be okay without your new bestie for a while?"
"Lane? Yeah, of course. We're not besties just... she's, cool." I shrugged again. What a girlish response. I was embarrassed for myself.
"Seems like it. You guys are hanging out a lot."
"It's not hanging out, I'm paying her back for the springs - it's part of the sponsorship."
"You don't have to be defensive about it, I think it's good that you're getting out. Spending some time in the world," Manny's yellow eyes seemed to glow in the firelight.
"Yeah. The world. It's something else, huh?"
"Got that right, sister." Manny held his half-eaten weiner out to me on his singed, dirty stick, and I toasted it with mine, almost knocking both off into the flames.
***
The next day we woke up with stiff backs from our first sleeping-bag experience, but the chirping of birds served as our alarm clock instead of the usual hollering of neighbors and beeping of city buses. We ate some fruit medley and talked about a weird-ass dream Manny had involving a naked blonde lady with a gun. Then we set off on the hiking trails. I fashioned a funny shoulder pack out of my sweatpants and stuffed them with granola bars and water bottles, but made Manny carry it so I could take pictures of the scenery with my phone.
The cell service out there was garbage, but that just meant less temptation to stream shows instead of talking to each other. And my camera still worked just fine. None of the shots did any justice to the flowers or canopies of interwoven branches or pink-hued clouds overhead, but I wanted to remember my time there regardless. We ate lunch with our feet swinging over the side of a suspended footbridge, tossing cheese cubes into the water below but not seeing any fish go for them. Manny was peeved when he realized the bridge made his tight khakis all dirty, but he got over it.
We didn't have any fishing equipment, but we watched a father and son cast and reel for a few hours while we chilled against a couple of trees. I ended up with a huge bug bite on my ass that I didn't even feel until it started itching in the tent that night - and Manny kept calling me "sweet cheeks" until I clobbered him with the sweatpants which were still full of snacks. We left the main flap of the tent open with the screen zipped so we could watch the moon, and were both blown away by how many more stars we could see out there.
On the third day we tried some canoeing, and discovered that for a couple of seasoned athletes we had no coordination whatsoever out on the water. It took us two hours to go a short distance along the river - especially since the water was so shallow and Manny's big, bulky body kept causing us to drag against the sand. We broke down camp in the mid-afternoon, and bid farewell to Mother Nature with a scattering of granola crumbs for the birds and squirrels. Then we trundled out of the woods in our shiny electric truck, headed for Boz's house on the outskirts of downtown Durham.
Chapter 8
Colonial Village
Durham, North Carolina
September 23, 2069
2:48 P.M.
Boz had found himself a cute, squat little bungalow in the shady suburbs Northeast of the metro area. He said he was working delivery for some local Mexican spot, and I assumed his deliveries often included a little extra "cilantro" for him to afford a house all by himself. He looked like the same zitty white boy I remembered from back in Jersey, just with a more pronounced belly from all the free work food. He had smudgy, square glasses, and a goofy grin that was as much an aesthetic staple as his incomprehensible graphic tees.
"It's called purple-what?" Manny held the little bong bowl up to his eyes to observe the colorful hairs on the weed nuggets that Boz was so proud of.
"Purple Strawberry Plush - here," Boz took the bowl from my brother and dropped it back into the base of the tall, yellowed bong. Manny placed his mouth against the opening at the top, and inhaled a deep, bubbling breath as Boz lit the cache. It had probably been two years since the last time my brother smoked, and he coughed like an old diesel engine after holding his breath for a moment.
"Jesus," I laughed, sitting on the soft blue couch beside them as they leaned over the coffee table. Manny heaved and thumped his chest, face reddening as he shook his head.
"Too-KHF... fuck... too much," he choke-laughed, as Boz shrugged and lit a toke for himself. The house was relatively undecorated, despite having been occupied for a year and a half. There was a neon sign in the kitchen from some beer brand, and a poster of Angie Whoresall above the pinscreen in the living room. I didn't want to think about how often Boz probably jerked off on his couch.
"So, what's there to do in Durham,Bosley?" I leaned playfully over Manny's lap, teasing the exhaling stoner with a glimpse down my tank top. Not only did he hate being called by his "Christian" name, but I also knew it made him uncomfortable to see me naked for some reason. He'd always refused to come to my amateur matches when he and Manny were hanging out back in Jersey, and he'd always cover his eyes if he was in our place when I got out of the shower.
"Well," he turned conveniently to look out the front windows of the house, "there's an art museum on the Duke campus, and a bunch of good restaurants and bars downtown."
Manny held up a finger at that last part, not quite trusting his ability to form words yet.
"Bars, then?" I said, and Manny nodded, a stupid, intoxicated grin forming on his stubbled face. It was the closest he'd ever gotten to a "mountain man" look, not having had any way to reliably shave while we were in the woods. He'd inevitably clean up before hitting the town that night, though - in case any bar rags needed an autograph, or a good dicking down.
***
Manny and Boz were sharing an inconspicuous little weed vape between bars as we wandered the streets loudly playing a lewd game of I Spy.
"I spyyyy, a tiny dick!" I shouted with tequila on my breath and Manny's arm looped over my shoulder, as I pointed to a preppy buff guy with a popped collar and expensive boat shoes.
"I spyyyy, some natural F-cups!" Manny leered and thrust an arm across Boz's face at a girl across the street.
"Bullshit!" I yelled, leaning over to get a look for myself. The sidewalks were packed with people, and I couldn't pick out the girl he was talking about - huge tits or not - but I did spot a familiar bar name.
SERVE
The giant pink letters flashed on the brick siding above the entrance, and I stumbled to a stop, letting Manny's arm slide over my head and mess up my hair.
"What'zit? Meem?" He reeled around and Boz stopped too, pressing the vape to his lips and pulling another cloud.
"I gotta check something - I'll catch up, okay?" I swept the hair from my eyes and looked at the half-wasted boys in front of me.
"You shouldn't wander around on your own..." Boz looked along the street. He was probably right, I didn't know shit about Durham, but I also needed to do this solo.
"Boz, I could break any guy out here with my ass cheeks if I had to. It'll be fine - I'll call you." Boz looked at Manny, who wavered on his feet like a tube man in a car sales lot.
"Okay. Just... yeah - call us when you're done, we won't go too far." Boz handed Manny the vape, and they continued on down the block. I stepped to the curb and looked both ways, before jogging across the street in my black and yellow windbreaker.
The inside of the little Pet club was bigger than the one in Miami, and the stage was at the back of the space rather than in the center. There were still neon tubes everywhere, with a D.J. booth occupied by an eccentric night-lifer - and of course scores of naked girls slurping and grinding on customers from wall to wall. I shimmied and squeezed through the packed crowd, catching snippets of conversations over the thumping electronica. I wasn't sure what I was looking for, yet, until I saw a soggy flyer beside some spilled drinks on a tabletop.
SEX DRIVE
SEPTEMBER 21-25
FULL STAFF PENETRATION
HOUSE PETS COMPLEMENTARY
DOUBLE TIPS ENCOURAGED
I looked around the roiling mass of bodies to see girls in mesh shirts bent over tables, and girls in assorted collars getting fingered, fucked, and facialized by groups of guys twice their age. Continuing to slip through the crowd, I reached the stage at the back, and saw near the steps a stack of paper collars similar to the ones worn by the new girls at Harley's. They must have been for contests, but I managed to slip one from the stack and into my pocket, before heading to the bathroom.
There wasn't much clothing to ditch, since I only had on my tank top, windbreaker, and new boots - and I craftily stashed them all beneath the trash bag of the can in the handicap stall. In the reflective digi-mirror along the wall, I peeled the protective strip from the pink paper collar, and closed the adhesive against the back to form a lightweight cuff around my throat. It even covered my Battle-brand, so unless there were any major fans out there, nobody was likely to realize who - or what - I really was.
I strode back out into the thick, pulsing atmosphere of the club, where laser lights swept over my bare, strong body and dark-nippled, perky tits. My hair spilled partially over my face as I tilted my head forward and popped my shoulders up - and then, a powerful hum of pleasure filled the background of my mind, coursing through me from head to toe.
"Oh,fuck," I shivered, and tottered forward a step into the back of a server carrying a tray of drinks. She turned and scowled at me, and I apologized shakily. I hadn't felt sensation like that since... well, probably ever. Even before all the cynicism and sexual sport chipped away at my libido, I could only recall a handful of really intense climaxes from genuine arousal. And this was five times that, vibrating through all the cells of my body. Even brushing past people on my way through the dance floor had my knees quaking.
"'Ey! Bambi!" A voice rose above the music and I turned to see a heavy-set Dominican in a white vest curling a finger at me from the bar. He was sat on a big, square stool, flanked by other guys toying with Pets and staff while they knocked back cocktails and shots. I wavered over to him and pressed my palms together over my pussy, trying not to chew my lip.
"Y-yes," I blinked and exhaled quickly like I was having a small contraction.
"That's 'yes sir' - on your knees," he snapped at the sticky bar floor with his ringed fingers, and unzipped his creased white slacks.
"Yes, s-whoo... yes, sir..." I tried kneeling on my own and nearly fell, catching myself on his large thighs and easing down the rest of the way. His fat, uncircumcised cock flopped out against my face, and another shiver tunneled down my spine as the guy grabbed my hair. I opened wide and he fed me his hardening meat, bobbing my head along it as his drink arrived beside him on the bar. He was obviously used to the short-contract commercial Pets with no real skill - who were just regular girls trying to pay off a credit card habit or traffic violation - because he was working me like I'd gag on his paltry 7 or 8 inches. He was sipping his drink and nearly spilled it on himself when I buried my face into his pubes and groaned with a huge throb of pleasure, as his cock flexed in my throat and leaked a thick glob of precum.
"Ay,fuck," he cursed and set his drink down on the counter, grabbing my head like he was going to pull me off, but then grinning. "Fucking hungry, huh? Ilovethis place." He wound both chubby hands into my hair and started flopping my face against his crotch and balls, shaft disappearing down my neck in drooly darkness, as my fingers found my pussy by his feet. All I could hear besides the music was the wet flapping of my throat, and I was seeing colors behind my eyelids like the laser lights were penetrating my brain. After a minute or two the guy shoved my head down and cursed again, in Spanish, jetting hot slime against my tonsils until he was spent.
His four-shot load was like a thimble sip compared to the great white oil spills I was used to in the ring - and I literally felt a pang of disappointment when he let me up to breathe. I needed more. I was tingling with little fires all over my body. The Dominican guy was speechless as I stood from his lap with jizz swinging from my chin and wandered off into the crowd again. It felt like I was on drugs - but the only drug I'd ever really been on was some Ecstasy that Penny gave me once when she and Ren got back from a festival in California. I'd spent most of the night unconsciously rubbing my nipples, then catching myself and feeling embarrassed for some stupid reason.
A blonde guy in a booth seat with two friends caught my arm and pulled me over. There was a slender black Pet bent over the table getting fucked near some baggies of white powder, and the blonde guy wordlessly turned me around and sat me down on his protruding cock. I nearly jumped off his lap from the overpowering rush of endorphins, like a cat dropped onto a snowbank - but he caught my shoulders and slammed me back down. From the full-throated wail that rose out of me you'd think he'd speared me between the lungs, but he wasn't much bigger than the guy at the bar. The fucking pleasure chip was magnifyingeverything- from the feeling of a cock's size, to the arousal of flesh on flesh, to the taste of cum as it coated the back of my tongue. I felt insatiable.
I dropped my hands to the blonde guy's lap and ground my ass against his thighs, while he licked between my shoulders and crushed my tits in his fingers. I leaned forward and planted my feet, so I could raise and slap my ass down on his cock loudly and wetly - my lube dispensers going a little haywire and soaking his crotch with frothed-up cream. The Pet and the other two guys at the booth even slowed down to watch as I milked their friend, and he grabbed my hips to try to steady me. I was stronger than him, though, and his cock was trapped in my shuddering snatch as I rode him like a backwater carnie. I was actually sweating when I slammed my ass down hard to his base, and my limbs shook with an orgasm that felt like a little ending of the world. Some vocalizations eked out of me that didn't make any sense. They were just manifestations of pleasure working their way up my throat in reedy whines.
When I lifted myself from the guy's crotch he was too drained to hold me there, and a heavy splatter of cum spilled from my snatch onto the floor between his feet. I stumbled against the wall and stayed there a moment until my eyes stopped spinning, then swiped some sweaty hair from my face to look around again. I was still hungry. I felt like a succubus, draining the life from hordes of ecstatic men until I was surrounded by their empty, grinning husks. I tottered through the writhing masses and heard an announcement from the D.J. on stage.
"Need five House Pets to the V.I.P. room! Let's keep bumping and grinding, party people!" I peered toward the back of the space, beyond the dance floor, and noticed the velvet ropes outside a beaded curtain on the wall. It didn't sound like any specific girls were being requested, so I pushed my way over, shivering against every body that pressed into mine, and dripping cum from both pairs of my lips.
There was a bouncer just inside the curtain as I pushed through - a big white guy with a pointy goatee - and he nodded toward the big sectional sofa at the center of the room as I entered. There were four young guys sprawled around it, half-dressed in expensive suits, and draped with moaning girls in plastic and metal collars. There had to be half a dozen Pets in there already - so the guys must have been pretty insatiable too. Or just powdered up, like my most recent victim.
"You new?" An Indian guy wearing dark shades asked as I approached, and a girl with a shaved head kissed up and down his cock.
"Y-yeah, just started," I said, curling my hands around each other behind my back. The guy nodded and looked me over.
"Not bad, dig the little shoulder vines," he motioned to the filigree on my arms. "Geddown here and share with her," he adjusted his naked legs so there was room for me beside the other girl, and I nestled in between his thighs. The shaved-head Pet looked at me across his crotch as I leaned in to lick and suckle his shaft, then closed her eyes again and continued. Our lips and tongues occasionally overlapped, and we drooled onto each other's faces whenever he would pull one of us up to slobber on his helmet for a couple of minutes in turns.
The other girls were splayed over the cushions with whole hands jammed into their cunts, and their hair smelling like piss above their crusty faces. The music seemed less oppressive in the room, and I could really hear every squelch and slap and squish as the orgy gyrated over the black leather of the club furniture. The Indian guy held the other Pet's head halfway down his shaft while I licked under his balls, and he unloaded a massive nut in her mouth. It cascaded down his shaft in thick sheets that soaked my face, and I could hear a faint whirring sound between his thighs. He must have had some kind of knockoff SemSac pump, because he just kept cumming. I lifted my head out from the gooey waterfall, with the front of my hairline plastered to my brow, and wiped my eyes clear as my toes curled.
In the ring, I did all I could to avoid being cummed in - but with the chip... I literally moved the other girl aside and swallowed the guy's cock to the base, gulping and groaning through my nostrils as he pumped two or three pints of cum down my throat. It backed up and leaked from my nostrils, adding to the mess on his crotch, until he finally let out a strained grunt and the whirring clicked off.
"Fucking... fucking hell..." he panted as I eased myself up, with a huge cum bubble expanding from my nose. It popped and slid down my tits with the rest of the slime, coating my toned tummy and legs before pooling on the hard floor. "Hey, Bruce! Bruce, you gotta try this one!"
A jacked and tatted white boy wearing just an undershirt turned from the jiggly ass cheeks he was presently ruining over the back of the couch, and looked over my cum-drenched face.
"Yeah?" He paused his rutting, and lifted up the girl in front of him by her hair. "Better than this one?" She was a chubby, pink-haired MILF with fat titties and a soft round belly, and her makeup was a disaster after probably hours of fucking with those guys.
"Dude like, five times better," the Indian guy grinned, reclining against the cushions. The tatted guy looked between me and the MILF, then pulled out and dragged her against the wall. He thudded over to grab my hair next, and as he did I felt another full-body shiver and had a flashback to university. He tossed me against the wall beside the MILF and I got a good look at his cock. At least 11 inches, slightly darker than the rest of his body, with ridges along the top that would torture a clit at full speed. Definitely a mod-cock, though not a professional one.
"Let's have ourselves a little contest," he sneered, and swiped some cummy hair from my face. The skin-to-skin sensation sent a little quiver through my outstretched legs, and he slapped his cock against my forehead. "Don't look like you got much left in you."
"We-we'll see," I smirked. He seemed to like that, pressing his engorged head between my lips and humping forward so that my head was against the wall. He eased his hips toward my nose as I swallowed the ridges of his cock, until nearly the whole thing was flexing down my neck. Then he pulled out.
"Hm, Dinesh ain't kidding. Yer turn, sweetness," he stepped in front of the MILF and began feeding her next. Her fingers curled against the floor as he plopped into her throat, and bulged the skin of it against her bright blue, plastic collar. He gave her a few playful humps and she gagged once, before he pulled out. She coughed and drooled onto her heavy tits, and he returned to me. He humped a little harder this time, knocking my head against the wall as he got close to bottoming out against my face, and then yanked his shaft out like a bumpy ripcord. His boys watched from the couch, still fucking and fisting, but now with cheesy grins etched onto their faces.
The tatted guy bucked the MILF's head against the wall and she retched, then pounded mine and I could taste some of her acidity. Every time my head hit the hard plaster I felt my pussy jump. And by my fifth turn, when he was really giving it to me - gripping my skull and plowing my neck like he was drilling for oil - I gurgled around his meat and shot a fountain of clear squirt splattering against the leather of the nearby couch.
"Haha - holy shit, what a little pain slut!" Dinesh cackled near the entrance to the V.I.P. room. His friend held me there for a few moments while my legs squirmed, and then tugged himself free again, allowing me a sloppy gasp of air.
"Think you mighta been right bud," the tatted guy turned to his friend, "but let's just be sure." He stepped in front of the panting MILF with her streaked makeup, and fed her his shaft almost to the base. She couldn't quite take it all the way, but he fucked her head against the wall regardless. She sputtered and choked and strained, hands shaking against his thighs as his balls slapped her chin aggressively. My eyes were returning from their blissful roll around my skull, and I looked over at the display to my right. The MILF was struggling, almost convulsing as she got her face pounded into slop, and the tatted guy didn't show any sign of slowing down.
"C'mooon, gimme a squirt!" He jeered, adjusting his grip to hold her head against the wall and fuck straight down her throat. It was clear she didn't have a pleasure chip - she wasn't resisting, but she wasn't enjoying it thoroughly like I was, either. She was starting to turn red, nearly the color of her hair, and burped a thick wash of foam around his dick that ran down her neck and chest.
"H-hey..." I rasped, throat full of slime. He didn't hear me. "Hey!" I tried again, and Dinesh looked at me. I started sitting myself up against the wall, the haze of my intense orgasm clearing like a morning mist. The sloppy, burping retches from the MILF's mouth grew louder as her arms went slack, and I popped my shoulders up to deactivate the chip.
"HEY," I boomed, and the tatted guy looked at me, sitting there against the wall covered in sweat and cum. "That's enough."
"The fuck you think you are? Pets don't make the rules. Her face is just another hole for me to jerk off with 'til I'm done with it," he sneered, looking down at the suffocating creature impaled on his dick. He didn't even see me close the distance.
I speared him into the other wall, and the MILF fell over gasping as his cock cleared her face. He didn't have time to holler as I climbed his back and cinched his neck with my bicep pulled tight around his throat.
"She's only a hole if shewantsto be a hole," I growled in his ear, spitting against the side of his head through gritted teeth. He tried to roll me off and I snaked my legs between his, bowing them out awkwardly so that he couldn't maneuver. He tried slapping his hands behind him to grab at me, but I tightened my grip on his neck and yanked his chest off the ground, making him gurgle just like he had done to us. Well, sort of.
"What thefuck," Dinesh yelled, as the bouncer hopped over the furniture to pull me off his V.I.P. charge. The big goatee guy grabbed my waist, and I whipped an elbow around behind me, catching him hard enough in the ear to send him stumbling for a moment. Then he looped his arms under my pits and hauled me up, still choking out my prey until he was too heavy to pull with me. I kicked and spat as the bouncer pulled me from the room, and the whole club watched in shock as I was dragged outside, naked and slimed, to wait for the police.
Chapter 9
Durham County Detention Facility
Durham, North Carolina
September 24, 2069
1:47 A.M.
When the officers let me call Boz and my brother, I told them to grab my clothes from the trash can at SERVE before they came to get me. I liked my new boots, and didn't want to lose them just because some asshole guy needed a smackdown. They showed up at the jail less than a half hour later, and I was sitting naked in a cell behind a white metal door. I must have looked like some kind of dangerous, feral animal, because the other arrestees didn't even catcall me as I was being walked in or out.
Manny seemed to have sobered up by the time they arrived as the cavalry, probably out of worry for me. And Boz spoke with the officers while I explained what happened to my brother.
"A fuckingpleasure chip," Manny laughed, "you of all people??"
"I know, shut up - you're always telling me to have more fun," I tried to suppress a grin.
"Sure but, this..." he waved a hand over my cum-crusted body and tangled brown hair, clearly taken aback.
"I went a little overboard," I shrugged, hands still cuffed behind my back. Boz came over with an officer after a little while and got my shackles removed, averting his eyes until I was back in my windbreaker and boots. The officer didn't seem thrilled to be letting me go, but didn't raise a stink about it, either. When we piled into an autocab to head back to his house in Colonial Village, I asked Boz what he'd said to the cops.
"Oh, I deliver Mexican there all the time. Those guys love cilantro, but they probably don't want their chief to know that," he grinned and dragged on his vape. "They thought you were a port rat, or one of those disappeared Pets from the news, since you had on the paper collar."
"Port rat?" Manny looked at him.
"Yeah like, refugees sneaking in from the coast. Hiding out in boxes of food or whatever." He didn't say it in a judgemental way, the term was obviously the cop's, not his.
"Motherfuckers..." Manny shook his head.
"Mackey warned us," I sneered, and Manny laughed. We didn't get back to Boz's place until almost 3 A.M. and were all dead tired. Manny said he could hear me snoring like a tractor before he went to bed. The next morning Boz was watching a podcast stream while he rolled some old-fashioned blunts for our next tourist adventure, and the show hosts were talking about South America.
Apparently the Chinese-Brazilian coalition was sweeping across the continent, occupying capitols on a "peacekeeping" mission. They claimed they were stamping out authoritarianism, and Boz almost choked on his spit laughing. I watched a little animated map turning red from Venezuela to Ecuador, and thought about my parents there on the coast. I went to the guest room and dug my phone out of my windbreaker, hoping the 3% battery charge would last long enough for a quick call. The line trilled two times, three times, then went to voicemail.
"Hola, this is Mariana Murcia, please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Suerte."
*****
Things start to get dangerous in Book 4, after Mia is offered a hefty sum to throw her next match. Her decision will reveal unexpected truths about her friends, and lead to new conflicts she may not be prepared for. Can the lessons of the past save her from a merciless cycle? Or will she be swallowed up like so many bright flames that came before her?