A shorter chapter, but the next one is almost done and regular length.
All characters are above the age of 18.
*
Gavin paused in the hallway. "Are you sure you're going to be okay naked and begging for me in front of the warden?"
"Y-yes."
"Hmmm, you're already hard. You're such a slut for it, pouty lips." I was wiggling where I stood. It sounded scary, but I couldn't deny I was really turned on. I had no interest in the warden, but I liked the things Gavin made me do, and it made me feel desireable when... there was a raptured audience, especially when they got desperate too! Ooohh, I'm so hard, and my hole was already clenching.
The warden welcomed us into his office. He was a strict looking fit man, likely at the prime of his career. He had the first signs of silver hair appearing by his temples and a sharp gaze that quickly assessed us. I stepped slightly behind Gavin.
I was so nervous, I didn't hear what was said. Gavin did the talking for us. I held on to the sleeve of his shirt, needing something to ground me.
Drake stood to the side, like a mediator. He was going to watch too? More blood rushed to my plump dick.
I could hear my heart rate thudding in my ears. They finished talking, and Gavin moved me, so we were side to side facing the reclined warden. Gavin undressed me, taking his time. The warden's eyes were glued to me as more and more of my skin was revealed, and Gavin brushed over my skin teasingly.
Gavin pinched my nipples! Quickly, he pulled me to his front, my back towards the warden, and sloooowly pushed down my pants and underwear. First, barely revealing my top globes of my ass and crack. Then, he slid right under my defined butt and squeezed and jiggled my cheeks. I could hear the warden's panting in appreciation. I arched my back a bit more. Gavin spread my cheeks for a quick glimpse of my pink hole, earning an appreciative moan from the warden, followed by finishing stripping me.
Gavin pushed me to my knees. My mouth watered as he took out his cock. I jumped for it, but Gavin held me back by my hair and slapped his dick against my face. I loved it, like a spanking for my face. I also knew my body looks good from the side. I shifted, so the warden can see my tight butt a little better.
"Tongue out." I did as he said and was rewarded with his cock slapping against my tongue too. We all moaned. Gavin shoved his cock into me and started pounding deep, causing me to make gagging sounds as I tried to breath through my nose. Fully hard from the attention, I started jacking myself.
"We need to make this more interesting, more of a struggle for the boy," the warden's voice broke through.
"Might I suggest we delay the boy's orgasm, possibly not allow him to come at all?" What???? What is Gavin saying? I'm already super turned on!
The warden's eyes sparkled. "And how do you suggest we do that?"
"By tying his hands behind his back. Do you have a preference? Handcuffs might be your style?" Gavin pulled me up.
"Yes, magnificent idea!" The warden was delighted. He motioned for Drake to handcuff me. I wasn't so against Drake doing it with his own handcuffs. That's hot! I pushed my naked backside against his buldge and rubbed against it. Drake tried to muffle his grunts unsuccessfully.
Click. My hands were behind my back, but no, I got too caught up in the moment distracted by Drake. The whole point is so I can't touch my self! Damn Gavin! But who knows what the warden would have thought to do instead... I pulled against them. They were very secure.
My hands were at my low back, and Gavin slapped my ass cheek! "Ahh!" I fell forward on the couch, unable to break my fall with my hands. My dick was right against the soft leather. I couldn't help but hump against it, hoping no one noticed, which was ridiculous, because all eyes were on me.
Gavin gave my other cheek a slap! It pushed me harder against the couch. I humped more against it now. Oh, I was getting closer. Maybe I could come like this!
Gavin, of course, could read my body like a book and pulled me off the couch. I pouted.
He positioned me so my front was towards the warden. He wrapped his arms around me from the back and started pumping my dick thoroughly with both of his large hands!
"Ooohhhh yeah!" I pumped into his expert hands. My head fell back on his shoulder. His large hands encompassed the entirety of my dick, so warm and rough. I was close. Maybe he was lying before and would actually make me come a whole bunch! He swiped the precome at my tip and used it as lube. Up down up down. He abruptly removed his hands and held my hips in place. I whined.
A few moments later, he returned and started jacking me again, solid pumps. He brought me to the edge again and again pulled away. "Gavin!!"
His hands returned. I built faster and faster each time, so he let go earlier. "Ugghh, no!!!"
I swung my hips back and forth. Everyone's gazes following my swinging red dick.
Next, Gavin ignored my dick and fondled my balls leisurely, as if we had all the time in the world. It did feel good but ugh! It was a slight reprieve from the edge. He massaged one ball then the other, grabbed both and slightly rubbed them against each other - oh!! There were tremors throughout my body, constant shivers.
Gavin pulled on my balls hard! "A-ah!" I keeled forward and he pulled me back. I was breathing hard and sweating. My face was flushed and my dick turned a deeper and deeper red.
I looked up to find the warden was enthralled. I couldn't see because of his desk, but he must have taken himself out, as it was obvious he was rubbing himself watching our show.
Drake's chest was rising and falling quickly, his eyes ravenous. Ooohhh he looked hot and bothered! I'm glad he was here to watch us!
Gavin grabbed my dick and jerked it again. No no nooo!! My tip was leaking profusely. On his upstroke, he got close to my slit but left en opening between his fingers. He stimulated the head with his fist, small jerks and rubs. The precome drops flew out my tip and landed around us. It was like he was milking me without allowing me full release!
Gavin brought me closer to the warden and told me to lay my chest on the corner of the desk. I leaned over and did as he said. My cheek was pressed against the hard glazed wood. The warden could see my face, but his desk was large, so I wasn't close enough to him to be too nervous.
Gavin spanked me hard, hit after hit. My mouth popped open, and I yelled out, "Yes! More!" His hits jostled my whole body and my nipples rubbed against the desk's hard surface. The spankings sent electricity one way, and the nipple stimulation sent it back. My body was on fire. I was trembling. My dick contued to swing under me with every hit, and I was sensitive enough that the slight air on my cockhead even heightened my pleasure.
"Do you see what a slut he is for it, warden?" Gavin shoved his thumb in my mouth. I looked right at the warden and sucked with abandon, making sloppy slurping sounds.
The warden's body jerked, and omg, the warden was coming! I sucked Gavin's thumb harder.
The warden relaxed and cleaned himself with some tissues. Then he went right back to rubbing himself. "Keep going. This is the hottest show I've ever seen in my life," he said gruffly.
Gavin pulled out his wet, slicked thumb from my mouth and rubbed against my hole. I bore down, and he slipped inside. "Oohh yeah finally-" Gavin shoved fingers from his other hand in my mouth, and I sucked on those happily too.
"He likes being stuffed from both sides," Gavin informed as if giving a presentation.
"What a good boy," replied the warden.
"A very good boy." Gavin twisted his hand around my insides and brushed over my sensitive spot.
"Mhmph!"
Gavin abruptly pulled out, spun me around, and pushed me face down on the couch. Now the warden had a direct view of my hole, clenching and unclenching, looking for some reprieve.
"Pleeeease, fill me up!"
Everyone groaned in unison at my pleas.
"Okay, baby boy," Gavin said. That seemed too easy. I heard shuffling behind me.
I heard the warden's voice, "What do you need... okay."
Something that wasn't Gavin's finger, something thin and slightly cold pressed against my hole and pushed in! It was very thin, and Gavin pushed it in and out of me a few times then pulled away again. When I looked over my shoulder, Gavin moved back to the warden's desk with a pen and plopped it back in a mug of pens that looked similar to it. Did he just stick that in me and leave it as a souvenir for the warden? Woah, that's so dirty and hot.
The warden was frozen in shock, then restared pumping himself furiously. "Another!" He exclaimed.
Gavin rummaged through one of the warden's desks. "Something thicker... here we go." He pulled out a white board marker and walked back over to me. He teased around my hole with it. "Bear down," he commanded.
I tried. It was a little more difficult. It was so rigid and blunt. It was a little uncomfortable, but once Gavin got past my ring, the rest slid in easily. My hole felt a bit more stretched, which I liked, but it was no where enough. He slid the full length of it in out multiple times then returned that to the drawer too! The warden moaned at his keepsake.
Gavin spread my ass cheeks wide for everyone's viewing pleasure. He swiped one thumb then the other around my rim. My hole was fluttering from the tease. I pushed back, hoping to catch one of them to go in, which earned me a sudden slap right against my hole! I moaned with abandon, earning me more delicious hits. I was going to come! I pushed back for more, but Gavin felt my body's tension and moved us to a new position.
Gavin sat on the couch, his legs spread wide. He held his cock up so I was able to sit on it, kind of reverse cowboy. But he didn't move at all. I don't know how he could hold still. He helped me line up but then let go. I had to slide up and down, but the angle was difficult for the couch's height, especially with my hands still tied behind my back. His cock slipped out of me, and he helped line it back up again. I could only slowly go up and down. It was such a tease!!
"I- I can't balance enough with my hands tied. I can't! I need more!" I sounded desperate. I sat fully on him and just grinded in circles. "Oh!" It felt good in a different way but still wasn't enough!
I briefly opened my eyes and the warden was happily eating this up.
So was Drake! He was next to the warden, his hard cock looked like it would burst through the seems of his pants. He finally couldn't take it and started rubbing himself.
Gavin's rough voice from behind me, "Warden, the boy would look good covered in the guard's come."
Drake had started moving and unzipping before the warden even said, "Yes, dirty up the boy!"
I licked my lips watching Drake's approach and his huge cock popping out. With just a few strokes, Drake painted the front of my body in his come. Oh yeah!! The last bit landed on my cheek. I reached my tongue out to lick it.
As a reward, Gavin fucked up into me, gripping my hips bruisingly. "Yeess! Oh, yes!! Aahh!!" He stopped right at the edge again!
I made just the small bounces I could on Gavin's lap. It was no where enough. I wanted my ass to be rammed! My poor dick and balls were turning deeper shades of desperate. I wanted, no needed, to come so bad!!! Tears filled my eyes from the desperation. There was one person who Gavin would listen to for me to finally be able to come.
I looked the warden in the eye, panting. I likely looked debauched. "Warden, sir. Wouldn't you like to see me come? I'm really pretty when I do, and I can leave my come stains all over your floor."
"I see what you're doing, you naughty boy," replied the warden almost as breathlessly. "But yes, I do want to see that. Gavin, make the boy come."
My dick jerked from happiness. Yes!! Finally! "Thank you so much!"
"Why don't you do the honors?" Gavin pulled me off of him. I could barely walk from the strain of my already sore muscles. He practically lifted me on the warden's desk. I was facing him with my knees spread wide on the table.
Gavin shoved his cock back in me. "Ohh!!!" I felt more full when Gavin moved in and out of me roughly. My dick was right in the warden's face, bobbing up and down. Front row didn't get closer than this. Gavin slowed to a steadier pace. The warden lifted his hand sooo close to my dick but stopped. I was hyperventilating from the anticipation.
Gavin, that devil, spoke from behind, "His nipples are really sensitive."
The warden got up. He thumbed one nipple, and I jerked uncontrollably. The warden smiled wide. He rubbed the other one, and electirc bolts ran throughout my body. My body was spasming, Gavin's firm grip from behind me the only thing keeping me from falling. My spasming didn't stop at my ass. I clenched around Gavin, whose grip tightened, and I could feel the effort he was making not to come. The warden tortured my nipples with perverted glee. My body wouldn't stop shuddering.
"Please," my voice was so hoarse, it came out as a wrecked, whimpering whisper.
He gribbed my dick firmly at the base, and suddenly my voice came back. "Yeeesss! Yes oh yes finally! Thank you! Jerk it, sir! Jerk me good! Your hand feels so good! I only need a little moreeee."
He slowly slid his hand up and down, as if memorizing my feel. It was tortuous, but I was building inexplicably higher. I was halfway off the edge. He looked up at my face and increased his pace.
"Aaahhh ooohh yeaahh aahhhh!!" I wanted to come but I had been on edge and held back for so long, I couldn't quite get thereeee...
Gavin commanded in my ear, "Come for me, my beautiful slutty boy." And I did! Oh how I did! My orgasm started deep in me and radiated to my ass, which clenched around Gavin's monster cock and made it feel unbearably larger. I choked his cock, and the sensation shot out of my dick. Jerk after jerk of come shot over the warden's hand still jerking me, on his suit sleeve, and over the front of him. Drops fell on the desk, and a particularly strong shot flew right by him and landed on his chair and the floor. I felt Gavin spasm and jerk behind me, in me, which triggered more jerks of my dick in the warden's hand.
The warden swiped my come and used it as lube to finish himself next. "Hold still," he commanded as he added his come to my chest and abs.
"Good boy," Gavin praised, and I preened.
He pulled me to sit on his lap on the couch where we caught our breath.
"I'm going to be sad to see you go," the warden stated as he put himself back together.
Gavin's body tensed behind me. "Warden."
"But a deal's a deal!"
Gavin realaxed again. "Thank you, warden."
"No, thank you! Hottest pair and fucking I've seen in this life."
I blushed. Gavin gave his restrained almost smile and redressed us.
"You even redress him? I hope you find somewhere together on the outside."
Drake cut in, "I've already helped them find temporary housing together." That was certainly news to us! But we didn't show it.
The warden continued, "Good. You leave tomorrow."
"Tomorrow?" I asked, excited and nervous.
"Better to complete these things quickly before word spreads and problems arise."
"Thank you."
Drake and another guard that was called up returned us to our rooms. Our last night in prison! I surprisingly fell asleep quickly, tired from the day's events.
I woke up to Gavin's kisses. "Pouty lips, time to get ready."
"Morning... you look tired."
"Gee, thanks."
"You're always handsome! But, did you not sleep well?"
"I didn't sleep at all. Wanted to make sure no surprises found us before our release time."
"What?! You stayed awake, like a guard dog or something?"
Gavin huffed. "I've been in longer than you. It's always right before release that other inmates might dole out pent up grudges, thinking it's their last chance, or others jusy jealous and wanting to mess up our timeline."
"Oh... thank you, Gavin!" I slid down his body and took out his quickly growing girth.
"Hmmm," he hummed. "We might not have enough time..."
"Then face fuck me. Use me to get yourself off faster."
He growled and did exactly that. I jerked myself and came shortly after him. I licked all over his sensitive cock and balls to clean him up real good.
By the time the guards came to get us, we were put back together, ready and waiting.