Jimmy and Mom discover Sex Toys
The weather has delivered another snow-day off of school for eighteen-year-old James and his stay-at-home mom. The UPS guy makes a special delivery from the sex trainer - Teresa Ann as she settles in to her new residence across the street.
Please, take a moment to rate this story when you have finished. Many thanks for your considerate ratings for the first three parts in this episode. FYI, the first chapter was rewritten and reposted incorporating more character development and based upon feedback from readers. Thanks for your input!
+++++
Breakfast had been wonderful. Finding out Mom was naked underneath that housecoat, made having her for desert even better! I had scooped her up, and taken her to my bed. Then just consumed her body -- there didn't seem to be anything she didn't allow me to do. But knowing how Dad had been grunting most of the night and the sounds of those bed springs going as well, I tried to be considerate. And just fucked her twice before letting her Raggedy-Anne body rest.
It was nearly 10:30 when I slipped out of my bed, leaving Mom to sleep in a bit longer. She looked so peaceful and so -- well fucked! Strolling across the hall to the bathroom to drain my radiator was my first stop. The second was to quench my thirst with another glass of orange juice. Never had I walked around the house naked, but with Dad at work and Mom zonked out in my bed, I played nature boy and let my cock swing as I headed for the refrigerator. That trip had some strange emotions dragging along with it.
It was definitely a set of mixed emotions. First, knowing that I would be crossing the patio door with the blinds open, created a tiny sense of guilt at possibly being seen by the neighbors behind our house. It had me peeking around the corner before I made the quick shuffle across that glass door. That would be a bit embarrassing to get spotted naked in the doorway -- old lady Walters would certainly be calling my mother about that eyeful! The second moment, that I hadn't actually thought about, was crossing the living room pathway to the kitchen area. I had to waltz across the huge eight-foot living room window and I knew full well that those drapes had been left open last night. As I reached that point I was sorely tempted to retreat and get my robe -- but then a flashback of Teresa Ann's nakedness hit me. If she could parade around butt-naked in front of her picture window, showing off her pussy to me as I shoveled her sidewalks, then I could damned well steel up my nerves and do it just like she did and make the journey to the refrigerator. It would be a cake walk!
Except it wasn't.
Less than half way across the opening, I caught sight of a UPS Delivery guy headed straight up the walk. His eyes were dead on my swinging cock! I froze in place. It was shock I guess, because he did the same at that exact same moment! I felt the wave of surprise hit me like a slap in the face. I just stood immobilized and watched his face turn into a grin. He gave me a thumbs up and with his other hand shook a brown wrapped package at me making a signing motion. Fuck! The fright and flight mode had rushed through me along with a major embarrassing rampage. What the fuck would James Herbert Bond have done?
Right of course! I opened the door, as the cold air chilled my balls, and signed for the package -- pretending to be just like the character in the 'Emperor's New Clothes' book! "Have a nice day," I called out as I handed the clipboard back to the driver.
"I certainly am!" he smirked as he took a last look at my junk, licked his lips, then reluctantly returned to his truck, and drove away. That look on his face had me puzzled but not for long as the chill in my ass crack puckered it shut.
Just as soon as he turned, I slammed the door closed and shivered from the cold air rush of twenty-five-degree weather! What the fuck was I thinking! Who the hell answers their front door naked? Well, except Teresa Ann, of course. And I guess if Bond ever met Teresa Ann knocking at his door, he would have answered it -- even if he was naked. Who would ever turn down a chance to meet that delightful body!
The UPS truck had blocked the street view, but to my consternation, as he pulled away, I had a wide view across it. I caught sight a street full of panel trucks with an array of vendor logos parked in front of Teresa Ann's place! Carpenters, cable guys, video installers, and guys from some glass company were also there as well as furniture delivery guys. Her place looked like one of those home remodeling shows being attacked by 'experts' at renovation. Jesus! No way was I going to be able to shovel her place today. It had been trampled and ravaged by laborers of all kinds.
What the fuck was going on over there?
I stood in the window observing a flurry of movement, then it slowed a bit and then a bit more. It took a few minutes to realize the heads were turned in my direction -- then, as I realized what they were watching, I scurried into the kitchen. Damn if I hadn't been putting on a Broadway store display view of my naked ass casually hanging Thor out there for display! That was a quick glass of orange juice I gulped trying to think of how to get back across the window. What followed was a brilliant flash of insight as I ducked int the mud room and grabbed my snowsuit. It made my stroll back to the bedroom one of lowered anxiety, for sure! I shook my head as I rummaged around for underwear then pants and a flannel shirt. It sure looks damned curious to be standing in your bedroom in a snow suit looking for underwear while your mother is sacked out on your bed -- naked as a jay. No more naked runway modeling for me, I decided right then and there!
That's about the same time my phone alerted to a text message. 'Did you like them?' it read. The message came from Teresa Ann.
'Liked what?' I thought and just as quickly remembered the package I left on the floor by the front doorway.
Hell, she must have gotten a delivery notice message from the UPS. 'Shit,' I thought. I'd better open the box. Preoccupied with Jack Frost nipping at my nuts, I hadn't even looked to see for whom the package was addressed! I never order anything on-line. Nothing much comes my way, but Mom does get stuff from those mail order places. It never occurred to me I was the intended recipient.
Grabbing the scissors off the kitchen counter, I cut open the plain brown innocuous wrapper and then slit the tape covering the flaps on the box. Inside were two additional boxes. Sitting down on the couch, I stared at the contents.
Holy...
The smaller box was labeled 'pocket pussy.' The larger one, had pictures of suction cups over a pair of breasts and... what looked like a... clit, maybe?
'Damned funny, Teresa Ann!' I thought as I opened the one labeled pocket pussy and found my eyes springing open.
I must have looked like someone plugged into a light socket, from Mom's point of view as she came around the corner. I had just pulled it out of the cellophane wrapping. Man, it looked so fucking realistic! Mom walked closer to examine the object that had put that stunned look on my face and her face broke out into a smile then filled with laughter.
"Ordered a spare one on-line, in case I'm not around, honey," she joked. "You know your Daddy sees those bills on the credit card statement!"
"I didn't order this, Mom! Teresa Ann sent it. And it looks like she ordered this one for you, too!" I replied as I held up the other box.
Mom's eyes widened as she took in the suction cup pictures on the outside of the box. Her lips pursed as I handed it to her. "I'll be damned," she muttered softly, "what will they think of next?"
"It says to wash it first, then use your favorite lube," I mumbled as I squeezed the end of the pocket pussy, flexing the cute looking slit open. The whole thing looked so small, but the directions said it expands to take in even the largest penis with ease.
'Discrete, easy to store for travel and enjoyment -- for those times when you need a change of pace in your release method!' The fold-out flyer read. Then I froze as I read the next line -- 'Enjoy the Teresa Ann Model, an exact duplicate of a sexpert's vagina - guaranteed to please!'
'Really? Teresa Ann? Could that be a coincidence?' I thought. I vaguely remember her saying something about economic and marketing classes along with her psychology degree, but that bit of information was not in my mental record mode at the time. I was just busy poking her pussy as I recall the moment she spoke about apple polishing.
Pounding her pussy against the wall yesterday, I didn't actually get a good look at her cunt. Just rammed Thor into it and rode that pony for all she was worth. At least that's how I remember it. If this was a replica of what her pussy looks like, it sure was a nice looking one, worth a deeper investigation!
The sudden banging of a truck door across the street drew Mom's attention away from the almost Christmas-like unwrapping session in which we were engrossed. "What in the world?" she remarked with a bit of surprise in her voice.
"Yeah, I saw that, too," I nodded, as I looked up and out the eight-foot window wall toward Teresa Ann's place, "looks like one of those TV remodeling shows. I wondered what in the world is going on also. Dad wanted me to shovel the walks, but there's no way that's going to happen with all those guys over there in the way."
I didn't say any more and definitely left the whole receiving the UPS package episode while naked as a jay-bird out of the conversation. Mom didn't have to know about that. 'If parents don't ask, then don't tell!' is the philosophy I had lived by for several years and it seemed to work pretty well even at this point in my life.
As I sat next to Mom watching the show across the road, the thoughts of my unintended exhibition experience resurfaced to tease me. It was Bill the Weather Guy's image reappearing on the blank television set. I'm almost 99.9% sure that the television was not playing, but I could see his damned idiotic face glaring right at me! I mean, how does that work? Can your self-conscience actually make mental images like that appear real before your very eyes? Perhaps, Teresa Ann had some insight on that -- she is a psychology major, after all. I added that to my mental bookmarked list of things to run by her the next time I got to boink her bod.
"Hey Jimmy! Didn't you notice how the UPS Delivery guy liked your 'package' -- he really had a knot growing in his pants, for you!" smirky Bill said it, right there, on the television, as that broad shitty smile ran ear-to-ear. That thought, when it hit me, really jarred my noggin. That's the first time I realized I was someone's object of desire -- unsettling to say the least about it and it wasn't a realization that pricked my interests at all! I found myself wondering if that's how girls feel when guys are staring at and mentally undressing them, as they walk past them in the hallways at school. Could girls actually read those vibes from those lechers, I wondered.
+++++
As I watched the scene across the street sitting next to James, he was right about it looking like a TV staging going on over at Teresa Ann's place. I guess, with just a week off, her mom was making the most of that time off between classes for her and Teresa Ann to spruce up the new house and make it their own. It must have been nice to dive into the planning and get new things underway!
"Teresa Ann's mom must really have a lot of confidence in her, going off to work and scheduling all that remodeling at the same time. I'm not sure I would be leaving all that supervision in the hands of a youngster like her," I mused. A surprised look spread across Jimmy's face.
"Something I said, baby, that's got that look spread across your face?" I asked James as he did a quick head turn to stare at me as I spoke.
"Ah, that lady isn't Teresa Ann's mother, Mom. She's a college coach or maybe she said something like a counselor for her research stuff; I think," Jimmy said in reply. It was one of those statements he makes when he half-listens and just fills in stuff that seems to make sense to him for the rest. Stuff that becomes a consternation for his Daddy and me especially when it is about important things that he forgets to tell us.
He added, "Her mom lives in Tennessee. That's what she told me last night. Mom, that lady is a doctor, she told me. Sometimes she stays over night to help her with her homework, is what she said."
I listened to Jimmy's rambling comments and was a bit surprised. 'Stays over night?' Well, I could see that Jimmy hadn't connected the dots to that one! Any college professor that had that kind of 'friendship' with a student was tempting academic sanctions at any place I knew form my experiences in college. There were scandalous rumors like that on campus in my day, but no one ever dared to make direct accusations, unless the student wound up pregnant. Guess that wouldn't apply to this situation though! Theresa Ann -- and -- a college professor sleeping together, and two females to boot!
'Just who the FUCK is Teresa Ann?' I found myself wondering.
"You talked to Teresa Ann, last night, James?" I asked trying to keep the tone casual.
"Yeah," I answered Mom's question, drawing out the word. I could sense something in her voice that had that Mom thing tone to it -- as though she wasn't sure I should be doing that. So I didn't elaborate.
'Not going to spill the beans are you, Jimmy?' I thought as picked up on that short word answer. That's something he had developed as a defense strategy early on in his life. But that was alright, I'd get the answer; it would just take some time to squeeze it out of him.
"Hungry, James?" I asked, as we sat on the couch and watched the comings and goings of the workmen across the street. James' attention and focus on those trucks wasn't going to last long. I needed to occupy a bit of his time with lunch preparations.
I knew that if I left him sitting idle with those damned sex toys in his lap his mind was going to turn inward on what they would feel like when put to use. My tits and vagina were already sore from this morning's workout with Daddy before he got out of bed. Then, even though it felt really good getting Jimmy cock back into me right after breakfast, I was feeling the added stretching pains of his exuberate pillaging of my pussy.
Teresa Ann had said that Jimmy would need some leeway in how he dove into his new found sex life. 'Just give him some time to settle down, before we attempt to begin his secondary training phase,' she had said.
"So let him ride and fuck the shit out of me until he calms down then?" I giggled in jest when she told me that. At that moment in our early conversations, I was giddy about thinking my baby was about to become a man under Teresa Ann's experienced oversight -- then, she promised he would be ready to fulfil one of those growing moments of tension in my own wants and needs.
Teresa Ann's face turned into a small smirk at my light-hearted comment. I recall her just giving me a slight nod then she added, "For as long as you can manage it. If you feel stressed about it, call me."
I detected a nuance in her voice that wasn't there a few moments before, but let it slide. The undertone of that message was missed. I hadn't caught onto it. I was so focused on finally getting Jimmy out of his shy shell and having him become more at ease being around girls. The added benefit was my own participation and that pleased me rather well as I felt that familiar tingle when those turgid nipples strained and sprouted up. So I just slid right past that amber warning light in our conversation. I know, now what she was forecasting would become a full red crashing stoplight.
After Jimmy's morning conquest of my body, my age was showing a bit, I guess. I could have begged off as he pulled me into him at the breakfast table, maybe. I know, but I'd made the mistake of just slipping on my house coat when I got out of bed to make breakfast for Jimmy and not putting my pajamas back on. Once James poked his face between my housecoat and found I was naked underneath -- there was no way that I could have stopped him at that point. He was all over me. Those damned PJs disappeared within five minutes of hitting the bed last night and never resurfaced as Jack, my husband, seemed to have ten pairs of hands most of the night as he roamed over my body with either his dick when it got hard or his lips when his cock was on the wane. It was my fault though, I guess. I'd gone to check on the yell I heard coming from Jimmy's room. The little, well not so little any more, shit snatched open the door and stood with his legs splayed open. Just looked at me as his cum ran down his chest. I hadn't counted on seeing that! But the biggest surprise was when he scooped up some of his spunk and held out his finger for me to lick it. I did, but where the hell he got the idea to do that was anybody's guess! Even stranger, was the fact that he reached out, grabbed my tits and pulled me in for a kiss on the lips. "I love you," he said. He hadn't said that in a million years and certainly when he had, the context of 'love' had a totally different meaning!
James' action had consequences, ones that worked my libido into a frenzy at the thought of him feeding me his jizz -- and telling me he loved me! As soon as I got into bed last night, I slipped down under the covers and sucked in his Daddy's dick, all the way to his balls. His surprise was immediate. He held my head against his balls and face fucked me until he screamed that he was coming. But that didn't keep him from unloading down my throat like a battleship's main guns going off simultaneously. The whole experience was crazy. I came up choking and coughing as he was literally screaming, "Holy, shit! That felt so fucking hot!"
'I was glad one of us got off so well,' I thought as I rubbed a bit of misplaced spunk off my face. "Shush, James is going to hear us and..." I started to say to tone down the exuberant noise making.
But then, as Jack recovered a bit, he surprised me by returning the favor and had me clawing the sheets off the bed as I fought the urge to come. I wanted to keep it at bay forever and it was headed that way until his lips seized my clit while his fingers found my G-spot. God, we hadn't fucked like that since, well, since college life in the dorms. The caution for some low vocalization efforts I tried to set the tone for went out the window as my own scream of 'Fuck!' reverberated around the room as every muscle in my body seized and I came. Teresa Ann had unleased James wild side and mine also as we breached the mother and son barrier. That seemed to spill over to include my lust for my husband as well.
It went on that way most of the night. His last ride came while staring at my tattoo and taking the plunge up my ass as I took it in bitch-in-heat pose. I was so worked up that even riding my ass made me come. Exhausted, we collapsed amidst twisted, cum soaked sheets and barely got in a few minutes of sleep before Jack's alarm rang. I felt him pull his hand out of my cunt and roll over to turn it off. After that, I don't remember him getting out of bed. For the first time in a very long time, I didn't get up to make him breakfast!
Getting up the three hours later, I felt like I had climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro. Every muscle ached and I felt groggy from lack of sleep. But, I put on a good front, grabbed my housecoat, and made my way out to find James already wide awake and dressed. 'I'll be damned!' I thought, 'he'd been outside and already cleaned the driveway for Daddy.'
For that effort, I made his favorite breakfast. Then, well, you know what happened right after we 'had the talk,' already!
++++++
Lunch was a sandwich and chips affair; I didn't have the energy to do an all-out table spread. My legs just weren't carrying their load so well, you know?
I was glad that we finally had 'the talk' earlier this morning, after breakfast about how he wasn't feeling any remorse about fucking me. Although, Teresa Ann said that it might happen soon after or could even develop later, but she was confident that with her counseling, she could pull him through it. She had been right on everything she predicted so far, so I put my trust in her abilities.
"So, are you supposed to wash these with just any soap and water, Mom?" James asked holding up Teresa Ann's surprise gifts. He looked so innocent as he just stared up at me as I washed the lunch dishes and he dried them, for a change.
I wanted to groan, to respond with one of his Daddy's favorite lines, 'I don't know! Go ask your...' but I am... the mother!' Teresa Ann had said to indulge him, until he settled down a bit. Shit! I knew where this was going!
"No, sweetheart! You want a mild soap; nothing with bleach or harsh chemicals. When you reach for a bottle of soap to clean them, think about -- would you use that soap on the... end of your dick? If not, then don't use it on the... what's it called, 'pocket pussy'?" I purposefully avoided those damned nipple and clit suction cups; knowing mine were still tinder from the morning onslaught and post-breakfast cunt banging episode in Jimmy's bed.
I watched his face light up, "Yeah, Teresa Ann's model pocket pussy! And these -- well just says they are suction cups -- they don't have another name on them."
Fuck. I wound up washing each one of them as he watched and studied the way I cleaned them. The first fucking time he ever paid attention to how to clean something with any semblance of dutifulness!
As he dried the last one, his face took on a gremlin like smile! "Let's try these out," he chortled, holding up Teresa Ann's toys. I did my best to steer him to using the pocket pussy first.
"Have you ever had a girl give you a hand job, James," I purred into his ear as he wrapped his arm around my waist. I could feel his boner pressing into my body. He was already on fire. His mind, I imagined, had already stripped me naked and was twisting those damned cups over my titties. The question broke his revery, for a moment.
"No, Mom. I, I, I've never been close enough to a girl to even touch her let along have her touch my junk. Except for Teresa Ann, that is."
"Then let's start with the pocket pussy and let me use that on that handsome cock of yours. It will be better than doing it like the Wookie going 'Hands Solo,' you know? Get it?" I asked.
"Yeah, sure. Okay, Mom," came James uncertain reply. I knew he missed the reference to Hans Solo, but that was okay. I had at least deflected his aim to get those nipple fuckers on to my tits for now.
"Go put a towel on your bed and get ready. I'll get some gel from your Daddy's bedside table and be right in, sugar!"
When I got back to jimmy's room, he was looking at his iPhone. He quickly put it down as I came in; guilt written across his brow without a doubt. "What were you looking at, James," I asked as I squeezed some of his Daddy's special gel, the one that's labeled 'for him' onto the palm of my hand. Then waited for an answer.
"Ahh. It was just some text message thing. You know junk type stuff," he lied. I knew it was a lie. Anytime he starts a sentence with 'Ahh' I always know that the truth isn't following it! His lips tightened as he watched me squeeze the gel into the palm of my hand. I debated about ignoring his lie. Then decided against it.
"Ahem. Just junk stuff. I get a lot of that stuff too! So what stuff did she send you, James?" I asked coolly, fixing his eyes in my gaze. He was cornered; naked on a bed; and nowhere to escape. Those cool pools of blue broke from contact with my stare as his lips remained closed. Choosing my words carefully, I tried to reopening the frank dialog mode from this morning.
"Teresa Ann told me that she always encourages people to be open and honest. That's what we were this morning, James. You and I finally had an open and honest discussion about... sex between us. Somehow that seems different just now." I wasn't giving in and doubled down on getting the truth.
"Okay!" He drew in a deep breath and responded, "So, last night Teresa Ann sent me a picture... of her pussy! I was just trying to compare it to this pocket pussy to see if it really looks like hers. When I was... fucking her yesterday everything was so fast and just a blur that I didn't really get a good look at her private parts all that well, so... I was just trying to compare her photo to this thing!"
"Now that wasn't so hard was it? Did you think I was going to bite your head off, James?" I inquired as I slid onto the bed to sit next to his attentive cockhead.
"Now, you know, James, that things have changed... a lot! We don't have secrets between you, Teresa Ann, and I anymore. But we still have them from your Daddy. Understand?" I asked as I watched him swallow a lump down his throat. His stammer had quieted down and I watched as his head tilted up to regain eye contact once again with me before he spoke.
"I guess this is still so new that I wasn't sure what to do with Teresa Ann. I mean before I didn't want you to know about such stuff, Mom! How does she... I mean how can she be so... smart about this stuff, like a product endorser for fucks sake! She even asked me to help with her thesis shit -- like I knew something about fucking already!"
Giving him my best motherly smile, I softened my tone. "I'm not sure why she asked for your help with her research, James. We can and should just ask her! As far as knowing something about fucking, well, I happen to think you are pretty good at that too!" I chuckled as I cupped his chin in my empty hand.
His face brightened and the hint of a smile crept upon his face as he listened to my praise about his abilities. 'I didn't have to be totally honest at this point in his training,' I thought, 'but his dick does feel good for as long as he rides me.'
"So, does it look like her pussy?" I asked.
"Maybe."
"May I see her picture, James?"
There was a moment of hesitation before he picked up his phone and held it up for me to see. Teresa Ann was standing like Superwoman, legs splayed, sans clothing, giving Jimmy a full-frontal view of her body. My heart fluttered, skipping a few beats, as I took in the image of a lithe and vibrant portrayal of her sensual nudity. Her face radiated confidence and awareness that she was desirable. That drawn back shoulder pose lifted her firm looking breasts skyward. Her deep rose-colored nubbins stood proudly mounted on the peak of those pink-colored areole. The well-toned muscular structure showed that she worked out, clearly a carefully crafted exercise regimen to keep such a good form going. My gaze traveled down that hour glass figure and stopped. I couldn't help but stare at her laser manicured, perfectly shaped slit. There was just the faintest hint of a baby-smooth, soft pair of vertical lips. How Jimmy missed getting his face smeared with nectar from that was beyond me!
It brought flashback memories of my college days, when my first roommate took possession of my body and introduced me to another woman's pleasure. She had been forceful. I guess she knew I wouldn't be the type to complain about being pressured into sex with her. What started with reluctance, soon evolved into passionate and an unabashed release of my own inhibitions. Those sessions even continued well after I met Jack and actually got introduced to a hard dick. I could see myself getting to like that Teresa Ann pose in person. And yes, the similarity between the sex toy and her cunt was remarkably alike!
"Well? Is it her?" he asked, a bit impatiently, after allowing me a long lip-licking inspection of her photograph.
"Yes, James, it does! So let's see if Miss Teresa Ann's boy-toy can give you one slow, sensuous hand job and have you howling at the moon when we are done with her cuntie!" I answered his question as I reached out and coated his cock with the stimulating gel. Sliding Miss Teresa Ann's endorsed cunt facsimile over the rock-hard knob she had enjoyed yesterday, I eased Jimmy's cock deeply into her slit. The little bitch took all of it without a complaint! James lay back on his pillow. His eyes closed. That face was looking like a cat having found a new bowl of crème. I took my time stroking the look-a-like pussy up and down his prick, edging him as slowly as I could. It took some effort to keep his hands from reaching up and taking over his own masturbation. It was easy to tell he was so accustomed to a quick jerk and fast resolution. I wanted to keep it slow, but eventually I had to increase the speed and the pressure of the stroking to ease his frustration on going too slowly. But we were, it seemed, a bit closer to having Jimmy gaining some control over his body's drive to come and flood his seed at lighting speed. Progress. Teresa Ann would be pleased!
James' release came at a price to his body. I'd stoked his lust and kept him on edge for longer than he had ever gone, I guess; time almost beyond his endurance to maintain an erection. When he did come, it racked his body and seemed to melt every fiber of his being into a gelatinous mass, making him nearly unable to move. I hadn't expected him to crater from over exertion, but he faded gently away. I covered him with a blanket and left him to sleep.
As I watched James lay sprawled out, that lusty picture of Teresa Ann shimmered into mind. I thought about her text to me last night about not answering Jimmy's phone if it rang and he wasn't there to answer. She didn't say anything about looking at his messages though! I picked it up and scrolled through the pictures. Not many, but they were just as provocative as the Superwoman pose; especially the ones with a carrot up her ass! They had me growing wetter as each new view scrolled onto the screen. I found myself wondering if Teresa Ann had any interests in women other than her 'pet professor' sleep over friend. Standing up, I took Miss Teresa Ann's Model pussy with me to wash and picked up those nipple suction cups to go along with me. The tingle between my legs was growing despite my earlier thoughts about being sore from the early morning and post-breakfast fucking sessions.
I washed then rinsed out the used pocket pussy at the kitchen sink, sticking a chopstick into it to help stand it up in the dish drainer to dry. It looked rather strange to imagine Teresa Ann lying in my dish drainer; I would have thought that she would be better served if she were lying stretched out in my bed, but my fantasy was going wild here. My eyes kept darting toward the suction cups lying on the kitchen table as I dried my hands. 'It wouldn't hurt to give one a try and see how it felt,' I mused, 'just one. After all, I was still just in my housecoat and it wouldn't be hard at all to flip one of my girls out,' I smiled to myself! 'Not hard at all...' I chuckled as I felt both my nipples so ripe with desire that they were screaming to have those damned things put to use -- just to see what they felt like, you know!
I certainly enjoyed having real lips zeroing in on my nipples during foreplay; even lightly nibbled as a cock pistoned in and out of my own pussy as well. But these new toys didn't seem to have much interaction, but what the hey, Teresa Ann sent them! So... let's give them a try!
I sat down at the table and read the directions. Two different sizes, so easy to guess at what that was about. Two for the nips and the larger for the coup de grace down below. They said to use some lube, something vegan or similar, so I reached for the honey jar on the lazy susan in the middle of the table. With no one around, I thought why not just shed the housecoat -- that way there would be no mess from any spilt honey, you know. In ten seconds, I was naked at the table almost like when Jimmy was diving into my cuntie and mauling my tits with those inexperienced hands -- kind of bear-paw like grouping me. I hoped that he would get to the point of slowing down and learning how to spend quality time with those hands on my body, sooner than later.
The coolness of the slow stream of honey felt tingly already as I traced my areole and then got better as the liquid stream drizzled down over my nipple. Not too much I hope, I thought, as I let my finger trace around my flesh about the size of the clear suction cup. Hell, this feels good even without the suction cup, guess I could do the other one too. That felt just as good as my fingers circled both nipples. That generated a slight huffing in my breathing cycle as my legs clinched together upon getting the signals sent coursing through my body from my nipples. Shit! My brain was on fire, too! I guess I was getting worked up myself at having just jerked off Jimmy, er, James with that damned pocket pussy from Teresa Ann. In for a penny, in for a pound, I thought.
I grabbed up one of the clear suction cups and placed it over my nipple, rotating it a bit to coat it with the honey. With a slight twist of the knob, I watched my nipple rise into the chamber. I could feel the uplift tug in the vacuum it generated. 'Not bad, not great like a good pair of lips though,' I thought. I gave it another twist and watched fascinated as it drew my nipple deeper into the cup. Well, that felt different, still not like being bitten gently by a someone trained in edging techniques. The look through the tube though had me thinking about what my titties looked like being vacuumed down inside a someone's mouth or finally into a throat as things get hotter during sexual foreplay. Now, the third twist was a bit more responsive! My tit looked like an exploded, swollen, deep red awesome chew toy. Still, not as good as a lover's mouth struggling to mightily suck in and consume my entire breast. It warranted a repeated effort for the insolent tit that had been sullenly waiting for its turn. I applied the second nipple suction cup with the same results. Flipping the cups a bit felt kind of okay, I guess. Still, I gave up on the feeling and released them.
Now, damned if that didn't beat all! The rush of blood engorged both titties and they remained monstrously large. Now, that would drive a man's mind wild and his mouth as well. I reached up to explore their size. My touch nearly had me coming up out of my chair. Mother! My fingertips had barely grazed them and the sensations were wild. This was some hot, super-hot tingles roaring through me. Now, that changed my mind about these damned nipple suckers! I guess if you didn't have anyone around to help get you there, these would be beneficial. And if you did have help, well the extra sensitivity they generated would be most welcome in mutual foreplay! I continued caressing around my nipples, luxuriating in the hypersensitive sensations that kept signaling my cunt to find a fuck buddy. If these felt this good, what about the other one?
Sliding back my chair, I gave my smooth peach a splash of honey-dew juice and frantically torqued that little sucker onto it; watching it suck my pussy inside out. Damn that was hot! I really needed a mirror right about now to load up my sensory images, but hell, this wasn't the time to go looking for one. Quickly, I released the vacuum and my hand eagerly dove into those swollen lips to find a super-excited clit welcoming the joy of my touches. Hot damn! This feels so friggin' good! Where in the hell is that third hand, or a mouth for that matter, for the unattended tittie when you need it?
Out of the corner of my eye, as I viciously fapped my pussy, I spotted it -- the third hand or mouth, standing in the hallway with eyes wide open and mouth agape. Jimmy was soaking in the show. He hadn't been down long or I had been too long at trying out these damned nipple suckers. In either case, my needs were now urgent and flames had spread up my chest. I could feel the heat bursting from my cheeks as the hot air gushed in and out of my open mouth like someone's pet dragon.
My mind was struck by how he must be looking at his hussy mother's fingers churning away at her cunt as those little suckers scattered across the table told the same story. Anyone with half a mind knew I was in that crazed state of being. I might have as well put out a sign for a returning ship of drunken sailors that they were welcome to try my pussy. Instead my lust overrode what should have been my shame and I yelled out, "Don't just stand there, James! Help me put out this fire in my cunt!"
At this point, I threw out Teresa Ann's cautious advice about letting Jimmy have whatever he wanted! Fuck that! At this point and in this urgent state, it was what I wanted that mattered now. Hoisting myself up on the table, I cried out, "Sit in the chair, sweetie, I need your mouth, baby, now!" I didn't ask if he done this before, or even if he wanted to; it wasn't going to be cordial. It was going to be vicious cunnilingus solely for my pleasure!
I felt his tentative lick and like a crocodile I snatched his curly head, forcing it into my pussy, and fucked his face without remorse. I didn't care if his tongue was out or not. It was just those wet fucking lips I needed to bludgeon against. Lightening coursed through my body as I mauled my own tits. Those suckers had really overstimulated my nipples and I just added more fiery bursts of electricity as my fingers dug into those turgid mounds. I came. I came so damned hard. So fucking fast that I barely had time to think of what Jimmy must be thinking. It was only in the aftermath of my release that those thoughts crept inside my mind, as I lay gasping for air. I felt my eyes flutter open and then focus between my legs to see a look on James' face that resembled a cross between wide-eyed amazement and shear disbelieve at what just happened.
The sounds of hurricane winds blew through my lungs until I was finally able to gasp out a few words. "Sorry, baby, so sorry for using you like that!" I gasped. I wasn't sure how much damage I had done to his psyche. Had it been my husband, he would have relished the way I lost my sanity and turned my body into an insatiable fucking machine. With his experience, he knew it was the thrill of the moment that just didn't call for my body to be someone's mattress; to lie still and take a dick up my cunt or ass without thoroughly enjoying the rapturous release that comes as a result of wild emotional passion. With James, I hadn't a clue of what his reaction was going to be. Guess that's why Teresa Ann said, 'to go slow, give him what he wants -- the rest would follow.' I hope I just didn't kill that -- for both our sakes. I felt my muscles give way and lowered my head against the tabletop. 'What now?' I thought.
"Mom, are you okay?" he whispered from somewhere between my legs; close enough that I could feel his breath puffing across my overworked lips. It was the voice of innocence mixed with curiosity. At least it wasn't sounding like a discordant cry of despair.
"Yes," I released the answer in a long-drawn-out hiss. My mind was numb at the moment. I didn't, couldn't think of anything else to add.
"That was... hot!" his words took on a sense of excitement, "Do you always come like that?"
I picked up my head to study him. I wanted to see if the sound I heard in his voice matched the same look I hoped would be on his face. It seemed to match the tone, at least the viscous flow spread over his face looked familiar. "Not every time, James. But I do get off almost every time I... get laid by your Daddy." Then, remembering Teresa Ann's dialog, I added, "You make me feel good too, James."
"Dad is going to be home, in twenty minutes, you know!" he casually mentioned as he sat studying my cunt.
"Shit!" I spit out the expletive and struggled to get up off the table. Where in the hell had the afternoon gone? It was covered in my vaginal fluids and honey as well. That damned pocket pussy was in the dish drainer, the nipple cups had rolled onto the floor in my thrusting against James' face. Not to mention I hadn't started dinner! And I needed to get cleaned up. "Shit, James. Grab Teresa Ann's stuff and help me get this straightened up!" I sputtered as I went into hyperdrive.
"So, we're not going to..." he started to ask.
"No!" I exclaimed a bit too strongly. "But, I promise I'll make it up to you! Maybe tomorrow, depending on if your Daddy is working and you're not in school. Besides, you have a new 'friend' at your disposal -- if you really need her, tonight." I teased. It didn't seem as though I had broken James. At least I hoped not. Certainly, have to let Teresa Ann know tomorrow, though.
+++++
Please, kindly take a moment to rate, favor if you wish, and comment on this theme. I use your feedback to determine the next episode's content! dmallord.