The end of Simon's lease is coming up, and he needs to find a new place quickly. He cannot afford a home of his own, since he is in his last year at the University of Texas, Austin, and his primary source of income is the graveyard shift at a 7-Eleven convenience store, three nights a week. His experience with roommates hasn't been great. He currently shares his place with a 22-year old singer-songwriter who spends most of his days making playlists on YouTube, and a 25-year old office manager who chain smokes and complains constantly about her colleagues. He hopes to find a place where he can have uplifting conversations with others, and not be embarrassed when he bring friends over for a drink. Since he'll be graduating in 12 months, he's willing to pay a couple hundred more in rent, and live in a house instead of an apartment.
After fruitlessly searching for two weeks on Craigslist, Simon sees an ad for a room in a house that is only two miles from campus. It looks great: a two-storey detached house, a large bedroom, a huge living room, and a two-car garage. The potential roommates are the owner, an engineer in his fifties who retired from the tech industry, and a medical professional who has lived there for the past five years. Simon makes an appointment for the same evening, and shows up ten minutes early, dressed in his best khakis and a buttoned-down shirt.
"Hi, this is Simon."
"Hi Simon. I'm Gerald. Come on in."
As he walks in, he sees that the living room is as great as it looked on the photos; vaulted ceilings, a mezzanine on the upper storey leading to the bedrooms, and a grandiose fireplace.
Gerald shows him around the house; the bedroom is large, with enough room to put his bed, his desk, and even the weight bench that he currently keeps in a storage unit. The bedroom window overlooks a manicured garden that Gerald seems to take particular pride in. Gerald, it turns out, is friendly, well-rounded, and seems to occupy his days building and programming racing drones. After giving Simon the full tour of the property, Gerald goes through the list of house rules.
"As I mentioned in the ad, you'll have to share the bathroom with the other renter."
"That's what I've been doing for the last three years, so I'm good with that."
"Yes, well, I should warn you that she is rather particular about how things are arranged in the bathroom. She will most likely ask you to agree to a schedule for every morning and evening, you know, like when you're allowed or not allowed to shower."
"Ah. Well, I'm sure we can come to a mutually agreeable schedule."
"That's great. So, are you still interested?"
"Definitely! I really like the vibe of your house. It's exactly what I am looking for. And being so close to campus is going to make things easier for me on so many levels."
"Great. Well, maybe this is a good time for you to meet Carrie."
"Sure."
"Ahem, come with me."
Gerald walks with Simon to a door at the end of the mezzanine that overlooks the living room. He gives a light knock and waits. After about ten seconds, the door cracks open, and they see a strawberry blonde woman in her early thirties looking at them inquisitively.
"Yes?"
"Hi Carrie, I'd like to introduce you to Simon, who is interested in Tom's old room."
Carrie, at the sound of Tom's name, makes a smirk that betrays her disdain for her previous roommate.
"Hi," she says tersely, opening the door a little more and extending her hand.
"Hi Carrie. It's a pleasure to meet you."
"Yes, did Gerald tell you about the bathroom rules?"
"Yes he did. I'm sure we can find a good way to share the space."
"We'll see. But there's no point discussing this right now. Not until Gerald approves your application and runs a background check. Gerald: let me know when that's all done. Bye!"
Simon barely has time to respond and the door is already closed. Gerald sighs and looks at Simon with frustration.
"I hope you are not offended. She can be standoffish at times. But she is a good person, and I think you'll be able to work things out. You want to come down and look at the paperwork?"
As they walk down the stairs, Simon starts feeling a bit uneasy about his first interaction with his potential housemate.
"You're sure this is going to work? Carrie doesn't seem happy about me moving in. Maybe she would prefer a female roommate to share the bathroom with?"
"No, no, no, I've tried that and it didn't work out—it was practically open hostility. She's been here for five years and a male roommate works best. She even says so. It's just that Tom, the last renter, became a bit belligerent, and they ended up arguing a lot. The way you introduced yourself tells me you know how to defuse tense situations. I would be happy to have you move in. Very happy."
"Are you sure? Okay, let's do this!"
Two weeks later, Simon has moved in with his meagre possessions. The first bathroom-sharing discussion with Carrie ended up being awkward, but she knew exactly what she wanted and they worked out a cabinet space allocation plan as well as a daily schedule. She seemed satisfied with his apparent willingness to abide by it. During the first three weeks, she only complains about two things: that he has left his toothbrush on the wrong side of the ledge near the sink, and that there is a bit of toothpaste on the floor. Simon is easygoing, so he doesn't mind, and he reassured her that he will pay closer attention.
In the evening, Simon usually grabs something to snack on, either after he gets home from school, or shortly before heading off to work. Sometimes, Carrie is seated at the kitchen table, eating her food and reading a book. The first couple of times they had met in the kitchen, they had barely interacted. Simon had asked innocuous questions, like "what are you reading?" or "how was work today?", but her terse answers indicated she had no interest in chatting. Then one evening, about a month after he'd moved in, Carried puts down her book, and asks him a few questions about his school programme. Simon is surprised, and thinks that she is only asking out of politeness, but she keeps talking, and by the time he must leave for work, it's been a pleasant hour-long conversation. Before long, they are chatting several times a week, always in the kitchen, during dinnertime. She sometimes alternates between her book and the conversation, but more often than not, she places the book aside as soon as Simon enters the kitchen area, and engages with him. She asks pointed questions and shows interest in his studies-- the type of questions one would ask during an interview. She never really smiles, or laughs, but Simon likes conversing with her nonetheless. It does feel at times like she's analyzing him, but she always has great recommendations about articles to read, or podcasts to listen to, on a variety of topics such as his exercise routine, his studies, his career prospects, or his culinary preferences. He likes the fact that she is interested in a variety of topics, that she keeps herself informed, and that she is willing to give him helpful advice. She even offers to let him use her yoga and stretching equipment, which she keeps in the garage.
After a while, Simon starts seeing Carrie in a different light. At first, she was so standoffish that he preferred to not think about her. Now that they had spent several evenings together in the kitchen, Simon notices that she is rather attractive. She has mid-length hair, and a svelte physique. He suspects that she has beautiful hourglass-shaped body, but it is difficult to tell given that she wears loose pants and sweaters when she is home. She goes running several times a week—when she comes back, she walks directly upstairs to shower, so he barely has time to see her until she changes back into her frumpy loungewear. When running, she wears leggings and a tight top, and keeps her hair in a knot. Simon has only seen her in her running attire during fleeting moments, with barely enough time to observe her butt bouncing up the stairs, but each time he concluded that she looked gorgeous.
Outside their evening encounters, Simon notices that Carrie and Gerald barely interact. Gerald is generally jovial, and it clashes with Carrie's sternness; she sometimes looks reproachfully at him when he makes light of things, such as when he suggested Simon was going to suffer Carrie's wrath for placing a half empty tub of hummus on Carrie's designated shelf in the refrigerator. Simon is glad he's able to have a good rapport with both of them, in spite of their differences.
One evening, Simon comes home at 7 pm after staying at the library for a team project, and doesn't see Carrie. He finds that unusual, since she always makes sure to be home before dinnertime. He assumes she went to visit some friends for the evening. Because his allotted time on the bathroom schedule ends at 7:30, he decides to jump into the shower.
Carrie, however, went out for a run. She was held up at work earlier for a staff meeting and arrived home at 6:30 pm, much later than usual. Frustrated about her boss' longwindedness, she switched her regular routine.
While jogging, Carrie always listens to music quietly on her earbuds. As she steps into the house after her thirty-minute jog, her favourite song starts playing, so she turns up the volume. She really wants to pee. She also feels all sweaty and gross; this isn't usually a problem because she normally gets home from her run during her allotted bathroom time. She doesn't want to wait until 7:30 to empty her bladder and freshen up. Unsure whether Simon is home or at work, she climbs the stairs up to the bathroom, turns the knob to see if the door is locked—it isn't. She concludes that Simon is not home, so she can go in and shower quickly. If he is actually home and wants to come in, he'll find the door locked, and she will explain why she had to shower early—he'll understand. He is quite a nice guy. She opens the door, steps into the bathroom, and turns around to lock the door. She walks to the toilet, drops her leggings and panties, and sits down to pee. She is so sweaty from her run she doesn't realize that the room is humid, and the music in her earbuds is loud enough that she doesn't hear the shower running. She has no idea that Simon is already in there—she didn't pay attention to the fact that the shower curtain is pulled and he is in there. She did not consider the fact that Simon often forgets to lock the bathroom door when he is home alone. After all, he knows Carrie takes the bathroom schedule very seriously, so he would not expect her to walk in.
While Carrie finishes peeing, Simon shuts off the water in the shower, picks up his towel, and starts drying himself off. He's been thinking of Carrie lately, of their long conversations, of how attractive she is, and he has developed a medium erection. His cock is not completely rigid, but he's sufficiently aroused by the memory of seeing Carrie walk into the house in her tight, black leggings after her evening runs. He has a mental picture of her in the green top that is short enough to expose her flat belly. As he steps out of the shower, Carrie finally notices that she is not alone.
For a second, she is about to scream. But the naked man standing in front of the shower can only be Simon, so there is no reason to panic. Besides, his head is covered in a towel, and he currently doesn't see her. She pulls the earbuds out of her ears, stands up, and pulls panties and leggings up in less than a second. She is standing two feet away from a naked Simon, with a partial erection, while he's rubbing his scalp with a large bath towel. She is mesmerized by the sight. She can see that Simon has a great body, and she observes that his member is bobbing up and down while he's shaking his head to dry off his hair. When Simon stops, he appears to be looking down at his penis from under the towel. He grabs it with his right hand, and starts giving it a few tugs. Carrie, horrified at the sight of her roommate inadvertently masturbating in front of her, and knowing that the situation requires decisive action before becoming even more untenable, hurriedly turns toward the toilet and pushes down on the flush handle.
At the sound of the toilet flushing, Simon stops moving, and quickly pulls the towel off from his head. He looks terrified. After a second, he brings the towel down to cover his crotch
"I'm so sorry! I don't understand! I didn't know you were here! How did you come in? I thought this was my time slot! I..."
Carrie's gaze is so intense that Simon stops talking. She mumbles:
"I think I should go."
She steps forward towards Simon, expecting him to move out of the way. Simon, utterly confused, clenches the towel in one hand and keeps the other hand in front of his chest, as if he were a female protecting her breast from view. When Carrie comes within inches of his body, he understands that she is trying to exit the bathroom: he quickly turns to the side to move out of her way, causing his penis to pop out in front of him and partially block her. Carrie cannot believe this is happening. She expected him to step back into the shower, not turn sideways to let her go through. There is only a distance of about two feet between the shower and the wall, so by turning to the side, he is still largely blocking the way. Not willing to wait any longer, Carrie walks up in front of him towards the door. While doing so, her arm swings by her side and catches Simon's penis, causing it to slap against his thigh and wobble a few times. Carrie looks incredibly annoyed by the display of a flapping penis, and before Simon has the time to bring the towel back in front of his crotch, she rushes past him towards the door, opens it, and leaves without another word or glance towards him. She doesn't even try to close the door behind her.
Simon is mortified. He is convinced that Carrie will complain to Gerald and try to have him evicted for indecent exposure. Or at the very least, she will go back to being rude, or acting as if he weren't there.
During the following week, Simon schedules his arrivals and departures in such a way as to avoid the possibility of encountering Carrie. He cannot think of anything else; he keeps replaying the scene in his mind. He's convinced Carrie will never talk to him again. After six days like this, as he returns home at 9:30 pm—knowing that Carrie goes to bed at 9 almost religiously—he is surprised to find her sitting on the sofa in the living room, facing the fireplace.
"Hi Carrie."
"Good evening Simon. How are you?"
"I'm OK. Good to see you."
As he walks past her, heading towards the stairs, she calls out:
"Simon, I would like to talk with you."
He stops in his tracks, and slowly turns around. She definitely isn't smiling. She looks rather annoyed.
"OK. Yes."
"Please sit. We have some things to discuss."
Simon sits down next to Carrie on the sofa, places his hands on his lap, and stares into the empty fireplace.
"Simon, I think you've been avoiding me."
"Er... Carrie... I wouldn't say I have been avoiding you."
"What would you call it then?"
"It's just that... You know... I am concerned that you are upset with me."
"OK. Assuming that I'm upset with you, does avoiding me help solve the problem? Wouldn't you want to talk to me about it?"
"Oh, yes, for sure, but I thought that maybe I should first give you some space, you know..."
"Why would I need space?"
"Because you.. Because maybe you're uncomfortable, or annoyed, or upset."
"Simon, I'm neither of those. But I can understand why you think I would feel that way. Let's talk frankly: I saw you naked. I imagine you may be embarrassed."
"Well, yes, er... actually, I am."
"OK, it's good that we talk about this. You see, there is nothing to be embarrassed about. All that happened is that I saw you naked. I don't think it's a big deal, and it really shouldn't change things."
"You don't think it does?"
"No. I think you liked it when we used to talk in the evening. And now you're denying yourself that pleasure. I also like talking to you. It's unfortunate that what happened last week in the bathroom caused you to feel the way you do."
"Really? And I thought you would be incredibly upset."
"Well, I was a bit upset at first. I didn't know what to think. It felt like you tried to expose yourself to me. But once I thought it over, it was clear that I was the one who made a mistake. I encroached on your privacy. I should have knocked, I should have noticed that the shower was running, I should have turned around when I noticed you were naked. I... I owe you an apology."
"Oh wow, Carrie, I... That makes me feel so much better. I... was afraid you were going to try to have me evicted."
"Really? Why would I do that? You're a great roommate. The fact that I can have this discussion with you is a sign that you are a respectful, level-headed person."
"Wow, thank you."
"You're very welcome. But I still want to make sure you won't be avoiding me. I do understand that me inadvertently seeing your erect penis would cause you some anxiety."
Simon looks down, feeling deflated by Carrie's accurate description of his state of mind.
"Simon? I'm sorry. Can you tell me how you feel?"
After a long silence, Simon responds.
"Honestly Carrie, it's hard for me to get over it. For the past week I've been convinced that you were plotting to get rid of me. I understand now that you are a great person, and that you empathize with my predicament, but I'm still incredibly embarrassed. You saw me... You know..."
"Naked?"
"Well, yes, that, but also... You saw me... er..."
"Masturbating?"
"Well, I wouldn't call it masturbating, I mean, it kind of is, but it's not like, you know... like..."
"Oh. Do you mean to say that you weren't actually trying to pleasure yourself?"
"Ah. Er... It's just that, I was not intending to, you know..."
"You mean, ejaculate?"
"I... I don't think I know how to say this..."
"I'm sorry Simon, does talking about sex make you feel uncomfortable?"
"No, it's not talking about sex, it's that you saw me in a situation that is normally private, and that's embarrassing."
"I know it's a private thing, and I'm sure you do it regularly in your own room. But it's not something you should be embarrassed about."
Simon is a bit surprised to hear Carrie casually mention that she thinks he masturbates regularly in his room.
"You don't think so? I mean, wouldn't you be embarrassed if I saw you in the same situation?"
For a second, Carrie frowns and looks flustered.
"Well, I suppose so, but I would never masturbate while the door is unlocked and there is the possibility of someone coming in."
Simon's gaze returns to the empty fireplace. Carrie puts her hand on his shoulder:
"Sorry. That came out wrong. I don't know how I would feel if that happened to me. I think I would be able to deal with it, especially if you were able to discuss it with me the way I am discussing it with you. Would you come to me and talk about it?"
"Would I come talk to you if I caught you masturbating? Well, I would definitely come and apologize. It would be an accident."
"See, there. If the situation was reversed, it would work out well. So, can we say that there is no more issue now?"
"I suppose... But I can't erase the memory of you seeing me naked, and... er..."
"Playing with your penis?"
Simon sighs.
"I'm sorry, but isn't that what you were doing?"
"Yes, it is. And that's why I am embarrassed."
"OK, but what would make you not be embarrassed anymore? What can we do to fix this?"
"I don't know. Can you erase that memory from your mind?"
"You know that's not possible."
"I know. I'm joking, but I need to replace the memory of you seeing me naked. Replace it with something else."
"Like what?"
"I don't know. A memory of seeing you naked, maybe?"
Simon giggles at the thought or reversing the roles, but Carrie is not amused. She frowns.
"Yeah, that's definitely not going to happen."
"Of course. I just meant to say that it would be the kind of mental imagery that would... neutralize the one that is tormenting me."
"I see. But it's out of the question."
"I know. Well, we should probably call it a night. I'm very thankful for you talking to me about this"
"Yes, but I do think we need to find a solution to this. We are roommates, and we can't have that cloud hanging over us."
"I agree. But what can I say? I have a hangup. Let's talk more tomorrow?"
"Yes, I would like that. Good night, Simon."
"Good night, Carrie."
Carrie gives put her hand on his shoulder and gives it a little squeeze. He's never seen her hug anyone, and she's never voluntarily touched him, so it makes him feel special.
The following day, Simon starts feeling ashamed again. He continues to avoid Carrie, and even though he comes home at regular hours, he does not hang out in the kitchen like he used to. When Carrie tries to talk to him, he finds a reason to go back to his room.
Three days after their discussion, Simon find Carrie sitting at the kitchen table with her book, munching on a tartine.
"Hey, Simon, do you have a minute?"
"Of course. What is going on?"
"I would like to revisit the topic of the bathroom incident."
"Again, I'm very sorry for what happened."
"I understand, but that's not what I wanted to talk about. Simon: I have been thinking a lot, and I see that our discussion didn't resolve the underlying issue."
"It didn't?"
"No, you're still avoiding me. I mean, you come home on time, and chat for a minute, but we are no longer having meaningful interactions. I want to find a way to get things back to the way they were."
"I understand. It's just, that, you know..."
"Yes, you are embarrassed and you can't keep the memory of me seeing you naked out of your mind. But, I've thought about it, and I accept the solution."
"The solution?"
"Yes, the solution. Like you had said. You see me naked, then you no longer feel embarrassed. Isn't that what you suggested?"
"Well, I did say that it would sort of cancel out the issue, but I just threw the idea out there."
"OK, well, I'm offering to go through it."
"You... are? What.. what would it look like?"
Carrie giggles. Simon is discovering a lovely side of Carrie he had not previously witnessed.
"I assume you're not asking what I look like naked! But seriously, I was thinking that we could replay the same scenario, with roles reversed. I would be in the shower, and you would come in to pee, and you would catch me naked while I step out of the shower."
"Wow. You would do that? You wouldn't mind?"
"Well, I would normally mind, because you're not my boyfriend, and you should not be seeing me naked, but you're a great roommate, it's for a legitimate reason, and there is nothing to be ashamed of. So, the pros outweigh the cons. Also, I've seen you naked, so it only seems fair that you see me naked as well."
"Er... I don't know what to say."
"I'll take that as a yes. I propose we implement it tonight. I will shower at 8 pm. Then at 8:15 pm you will enter the bathroom to go to the toilet. And as you see me step out of the shower, you stand up, act surprised, look at me, and step out, just like I did."
"Wow, this is... " Simon tries to sound more hesitant than he really is. "It's a very generous offer. I'm willing to try it. Only because you think it will work. And in the interest of friendly cohabitation."
"Great. Let's not talk about it anymore. We both know what to do. Now let's talk about your day, shall we?"
"Oh yes, I've been wanting to tell you about this lab experiment we're running."
"The psychology study? I just read a great article I think you'll find useful."
Carrie and Simon talk in the kitchen for almost two hours. As 8 pm approaches, Carrie stands up.
"I would love to chat more, but I've got to get ready for bed. It's time for me to take a shower."
She looks at him quite seriously. He starts wondering if it's a test. Maybe he's supposed to forget about the offer, act like a gentleman, and not intrude on her while she will be showering?
Carrie goes up to her bedroom. At 8:00 sharp, she steps out of her bedroom wrapped in a towel and walks into the bathroom. Simon strains to hear whether she locks the door behind her, but doesn't hear the characteristic 'clack' sound of the latch.
Carrie is now in the shower. She wonders if she made the right decision. She isn't concerned about exposing her body. She is more concerned about what message she is sending. Will Simon think that she's offering herself sexually? She should probably have discussed that with him, in case there is a misunderstanding. It's a bit too late now. He's been such a gentleman, though—there is probably nothing to worry about. Still, she will have to be very clear in case he starts acting improperly.
She looks at her legs and notices that they look a little prickly. She picks up her razor from its allocated spot and shaves her legs smooth. She does the same with her armpits. Then, she notices that her pubic hair is somewhat unruly. When she was in her late teens, she used to keep it groomed but she has not been doing anything in recent years. She wonders what Simon will think about it. She doesn't care what he may think about her grooming habits, but she doesn't see anything wrong with portraying herself under the best light. She's trying to make him feel better, after all. Maybe a trimmed pussy will make a positive impression. She starts working on her pubic hair and find that it's not easy to trim while it is so long. Exasperated, and unable to make it look symmetrical, she ends up shaving it all off. After she is done, she has a pang of panic; what if he thinks she's some kind of slut? Again, she doesn't really care what he thinks about her pubic style or her sexual proclivities, but was it a good idea to shave her pussy at this particular moment? Surely he will conclude that she is freshly shaved. Will he think that she's trying to attract him? She looks at her watch: it's 8:15. It's time to step out.
While she had stepped into the shower, Simon had waited patiently in the living room. He didn't know what to do. Maybe he should not come in. Maybe she expects him to be a gentleman and not go ahead with the plan. But she left the door unlocked! At 8:10, he climbs up the stairs, opens the bathroom door, and quietly closes it behind him. He hears the shower running and heads towards the corner of the room where the toilet is. He stands there, looking in the direction of the shower.
At 8:15, he sees Carrie stepping out of the shower, holding her towel in front of her body. She looks at him. He just stares back.
"Oh hi, Simon. I guess we are doing it, right?"
"Er... yes. I'm, er... I'm done peeing. Well, I didn't really pee, but let's pretend that I did?"
"Sooo, I'm without clothes. I guess we're even now?
"Well, not really! I have not seen you naked."
"I should probably remove this towel, I guess."
"That would be necessary for me to see the parts of your body whose equivalent versions you've seen on mine."
She smiles at his description, and feels comfortable that he's not using vulgar language to describe her lady parts.
"You're right, of course. I guess I could start with exposing my breasts. What do you think?"
"Any way that makes you feel comfortable."
She does feel comfortable in front of him. She even feels a bit naughty teasing him this way. As she looks at him, she slowly lowers the towel to reveal her chest.
"So? What do you have to say?"
"About?"
"My toes, of course. Simon! My boobs!'
"Oh. You didn't say anything when it was me. But if I'm allowed to speak, then I can say that they look absolutely amazing."
"You think so? Thank you. I think they're a little too... But, never mind."
Carrie has always been self-conscious about her breasts. She thinks they're too small, and her nipples placed off-center and pointing outward a little.
"I suppose I need to reveal more..."
"Indeed. It's time to show the mons veneris. Or should we call it the mons pubis?"
"They both work. As long as you don't call it a hoohah or a poontang, I'm happy. Oh well. Here goes nothing!"
She pulls the towel to the side, still clutching a corner in her hand.
Simon looks at her. His jaw drops.
"What? What is it?"
Carrie worries he will comment on the fact that she is freshly shaved.
"You're... superb. You... You have deliciously shaped hips, a muscular frame, you stand with pride, and fortitude, and elegance."
Gratified that Simon did not comment on the smoothness of her pussy, Carrie smiles and cocks her hips to one side.
"Aww, that's so nice of you to say."
"My goodness, no; you're objectively gorgeous."
"OK, do you think you'll be able to talk to me normally moving forward?"
"Er... I think so... I mean... I don't know. Hold on. There might be something else."
"Something else?"
"Yes. Yes. If you remember, you saw me... er... touching myself."
"Yes, I remember that. I'm not sure what you would like me to do about it? You don't expect me to touch myself, do you?"
She looks at him with suspicion.
"Er... Oh, no! Of course not."
"Good. Because I'm not doing that. But I understand your perspective. Let me think of this a little. Ah! I have an idea."
"You do?"
"Yes. When you started playing with yourself, you exposed your glans to me by pulling off your foreskin, right?"
"Er.. I think so?"
Simon didn't know where she was going with this train of thought. But she was being so explicit about his sexual organ that he felt confident she was not offended by his request to see more of her.
"So the equivalent would be for you to see my inner lips. You can already see my outer lips, because they're, well, mmmh, exposed. If you get closer you can see that my inner lips are somewhat visible from a lower angle."
"You want me to look closely?"
"I'm only trying to make you feel more comfortable about your own past exhibition. But if you'd rather stay over there..."
"No, no, I'll come closer. Here?"
Simon kneels down in front of Carrie, his eyes just inches from her crotch. She's a bit surprised that he chose to come all the way down to his knees, but she recognizes that she's the one who invited him to come closer.
"OK, do you now see the inner lips?"
"I think so. Well, I'm not sure."
Carrie rolls her eyes affectionately.
"Are you being silly? They're there, see?"
"This protruding thing here?"
"Look, I'm going to slightly pull on the outer lip, there, see the inner lip now?"
"Oooh. Yes, the little fold here above the vagina"
"OK, I think we'd had enough here."
"Yes, sorry. We're even for sure."
"I think so too. Also, technically, I've touched myself now, so we have covered that part as well."
"Oh, good point. But Carrie, my goodness, doesn't this make you excited?"
"What do you mean?"
"Touching yourself like that? You see, I was rather turned on when I touched myself after that shower."
Carrie doesn't want to admit that she is, in fact, incredibly turned on.
"OK, let's move on. I believe this concludes our session?"
"Yes... hold on. No! There is one more thing."
"One more thing? I've shown more than I've ever shared with anyone. What else could I possibly show you?"
Simon feels proud to have earned Carrie's trust. He wonders if he should really go ahead with his request.
"Well, if you remember, you touched me on your way out."
"I do remember. But it was completely accidental. Besides, I'm not sure how we are going to even this one out. I don't have a penis sticking out from my body."
"No, but you do have breasts."
"I suppose they do stick out. A little... But how can you accidentally touch them?"
"Here's an idea: what If I were to step towards the door, I could maybe graze your breasts."
"Mmmh, I don't like the sound of that. I assume coming into sudden contact with your penis must have been painful. And I don't particularly want you to do anything painful to my nipples."
"No, no, of course not."
"So what do you suggest?"
"I don't know. Maybe I could rub them?"
"I certainly did not rub your penis. And I don't feel comfortable having my breasts rubbed right now."
"I don't really mean rubbing. I just mean carefully touching your breasts as I pass by."
"I suppose that if you extend your arm like this, you can pretend to accidentally brush against them. Just don't apply pressure."
"OK."
"Good. Let's do it."
"Hold on! What should we do about the wobbling part? That was incredibly embarrassing."
"Wobbling?"
"You know... After you touched me, my penis sort of flopped from side to side. You looked intensely. It was terribly embarrassing."
"Simon: you really should not feel embarrassed. You have a great physique, and great-looking penis, and if I may say so, a very decently sized one as well. The way it wobbled indicated it was well engorged, and healthy. But I see your point. What I can suggest is that, after you brush against my nipples, I suddenly turn around. That will briefly shake my breasts from side to side, so that they will wobble in a way that is equivalent to the way you wobbled."
"Good idea. Let's do it."
He moves towards her and carefully touches each nipple with his forearm. The coolness of her skin makes him feel like he is on fire. She gasps, and blushes a little.
"What?"
"That feels good. I mean, really... But never mind. Now look this way while I turn sideways."
Carries rotates her chest and her boobs go swinging to the side. Simon looks with eyes wide open: she finds his reaction amusing so she devices to continue, and shake her chest back and forth a few times like a burlesque dancer. She remembers doing that motion in a mirror while her breasts were just starting to grow as a teenager.
"Oh my goodness!"
"Yes, Simon? You like when I wiggle my boobs?"
"I... I like it a lot. They are so firm. They're delectable."
"Hey, hey. The word 'delectable' indicates that you're interested in eating them."
"Eating them, no, but putting them in my mouth, certainly."
"Ah."
She remembers what she had thought earlier; that she may have unintentionally sent the wrong signal about revealing her body to him. And exposing herself the way she currently is, as if she were a lascivious stripper, isn't helping at all. She needs to take control of this situation, quickly.
"Simon: I am thankful you hold my breasts in such high regard, but this reminds me... there's something I wanted to talk about."
"Yes?"
"Maybe we should continue this in my room."
Carrie wraps herself in her towel and walks back to her room with Simon in tow. She sits on her bed and invites him to sit next to her. Simon has never been in her room before. It's classically decorated, and very tidy, but there are touching details, like teddy bears and vacation photos with her family." As she sits, and turns towards him, the towel opens in front of her and exposes her thighs and the top of her shaved pussy.
"This towel is not covering much of anything."
She stands up, starts tightening the towel, thinks for a second, then removes it entirely, and places it in her hamper. She comes back to the bed, stark naked. She looks at him in the eyes, intently, in a way she has not done before.
"I wanted to make sure you don't misinterpret what we are doing. There is no romantic invitation in my effort to even out the situation with you."
"Er... I'm not sure I understand what you are getting at."
"Simon: I'm not trying to have sex with you."
"Oh. I see. You've been very clear from the beginning. I know you are doing this only to fix our roommate situation. I know very well that you are not interested in me."
"That's not what I meant. Whether I am attracted to you or not is irrelevant. I do not want you to interpret any of this as a romantic invitation. You are quite attractive. But my intention is not to come on you. It's to make you feel more comfortable. Speaking of which; do you feel more comfortable now?"
"Oh, I do. Definitely."
"You're not going to avoid me anymore?"
"No, definitely no. My mind is clear of negative imagery. In fact, I can say that it's filled with positive imagery."
They both smile.
"Oh that's great. I'm pleased with that. I do want you to feel comfortable around me."
"The same way you are comfortable around me?"
"Yes. Just like... Oh I see."
She looks down and seems to just realize that she is naked. She giggles.
"I'm totally naked, talking to you. And I don't seem to care. Well, there you have it. I want you to be that comfortable."
"You want me to be comfortable being naked with you?"
"That's not what I meant, but yes, I suppose that's implied, in a way."
"Does that mean we're going to continue being naked around each other?"
"Er... No. Unless you think that's necessary to help feel comfortable around each other. I mean. I'm naked. And we seem plenty comfortable, don't we? Maybe we should let this happen. Yes. Actually, come to think of it: we should not be concerned about being naked around each other."
"OK. So... does that mean you will walk into the bathroom when I'm showering?"
"That sounds a bit weird. I don't think we necessarily need to plan that. But there's something that I can suggest."
"Yes?"
"You know, this bathroom schedule. I know it's a bit of a burden on you, since your class times and work hours shift a lot."
"It's OK. I can manage."
"I know you can manage, but I would like to offer this: the bathroom schedule still stands, however, if for some reason one of us needs the bathroom urgently while the other is showering or bathing, how about we leave the door unlocked and let the other come and go? I think we've established that we are largely comfortable being naked around one another."
"I see. I don't see any problem with that. It's useful if we only want to brush our teeth or grab something from the cabinet."
"Exactly. Shall we do this? Of course, let's knock on the door, in case one of us is on the toilet. Speaking of which: I'd prefer if you don't use the toilet while I'm in the shower. "
"For sure. That makes sense."
"Cool. I am glad we worked through this successfully."
"Thank you. I like how we are able to discuss things so dispassionately."
"Dispassionately?"
"Yes. Matter-of-factly. Not getting wrapped up in reactions or perceptions."
Carrie seems to look sad all of a sudden
"Carrie? What's going on? Did I say something wrong?"
"It's not that it's wrong. It's your use of the word 'dispassionate'. It's a word that has often been used to describe me."
Carrie takes a deep breath.
"I do want you to know that I am not entirely dispassionate."
"I'm sorry I used this word. I didn't mean to imply that you were."
"Even if you didn't. It still affects me. I know that people think I'm cold-hearted. To tell you the truth, I felt, um, impressed by the way you looked, the first time you came out of the shower. Then, I was disappointed when we stopped talking for several days. I can talk about these events dispassionately, but I did feel strong emotions when they occurred."
Carrie looks at him, smiles, and places her hand on top of his. Simon starts feeling uncomfortable. As much as Carrie denies it, it does feel like she is coming on to him. It's probably better if he retires for the night.
"I appreciate you sharing that with me, Carrie. It has been a lovely evening. I enjoy learning more about you, and how you feel, and I look forward to more discussions with you."
Simon stands up, and opens his arms for Carrie. She stands up, looks at him tentatively, and hugs him.
Her mind starts racing. She likes the way Simon holds her. She feels his arms on her naked flesh, the motion of his chest against hers as he breathes. As she gives him one final squeeze by bringing her body even closer to his, she feels his stiff penis against her belly. Suddenly realizing that Carrie must be feeling his erection, Simon quickly releases her from his arms and clears his throat
"Ahem. Thank you, Carrie. Good night."
Carrie is amused by the fact that Simon has probably been aroused throughout the conversion. She smiles at him.
"Have a good night, Simon. I'll see you at breakfast."
She waves at him as he closes the door. After he's left her room, Simon sees Gerald watching television on the sofa through the mezzanine railing. Gerald looks up, grins, and gives him a thumbs-up gesture. Simon is about to whisper "it's not what you think" but decides to just smile, salute his landlord, and head back to his room.
==
Special thanks to Euritsua for her review and comments.