I'd always promised myself a house with a sauna. A time spent being utterly lazy in a hot sauna, stretched out naked in the warmth, especially after a massage is just one way to heaven.
Even better if there is some pleasant company to share the experience with. And after a lot of searching, visiting places and a whole load of form filling, I found my paradise with its own sauna floating over the tranquil water of a small and extremely picturesque lake surrounded by a forest of proud, tall pine trees.
The lake was quite narrow and a road ran past the opposite bank but it was never busy and was far enough away to let me sunbathe nude without causing offence. I didn't think it could get any better.
Needless to say, the first few weeks after moving in were spent lazing in or around my sauna in a state of unashamed idleness.
One day around lunchtime I grabbed a snack and sat out in the garden with a nice red wine, book and some biscuits and settled into the chair, naked of course, to enjoy the sun and continue my sloth!
At some point somewhere in the background I was dimly aware of a car apparently passing. I had learned to ignore car sounds but then I noticed that this one was moving a lot slower and seemed to be getting nearer.
I reached for my towel - which I'd always kept handy but never needed - stood up and wrapped it round my waist just in time as a car slowly came to a stop near the garage. I could see there was a couple inside. They got out, smiling friendly and walked over. The man was holding his hand out to shake mine and I took it.
"We're really sorry to barge in on you like this," he began. "But we've been driving for ages. We couldn't help noticing what looks like a sauna floating on the lake just back there. Is that yours? Do you have a campsite here? I'm Michael and my wife here is Anna, by the way."
I explained that I didn't have a campsite but said they would be welcome to pitch a tent in the forest by the house if they liked. I have to admit, this offer was influenced in no small measure by the sight of Anna.
She had short dark hair, worn in a very feminine cut. She was about 35, I guessed, while Michael I put at about 42. Her smile was warm and friendly and there was a wonderful sparkle in her dark brown eyes. Her gentle tan suggested recent or ongoing touring and I couldn't help wondering if it was an all over tan.
I found myself trying to picture her breasts without the T-shirt that was covering them. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra as her nipples were proudly pushing through the fabric.
My daydream was suddenly interrupted by Michael explaining they didn't have a tent themselves and had hoped I had one. My heart sank as I had to inform them that I didn't have one. Pondering a solution, I suggested that they could stay a while, chill out a bit and then see if they felt like driving on. If not, we could work something out. They smiled enthusiastically at this.
"There's a shower just inside the door," I said. Why don't you freshen up and I'll make some sandwiches and coffee," I said.
"That's really kind," said Anna. "Thank you so much!"
She grabbed a bag from the car and walked past me towards the house, holding my look and giving me an amazing smile that started a stir under my towel.
"Shit!" I thought.... "Did she notice? Did Michael notice??"
If he did, Michael didn't seem to mind. I brought out two more chairs and we sat chatting while Anna enjoyed her shower. He was actually very amiable and conversation flowed easily. The sound of water stopped and we could hear Anna humming a tune while she towelled herself.
Presently she emerged from the house with only the towel wrapped around her.
"Your turn, Darling," she said. Michael got up and went inside and Anna joined me.
More easy conversation flowed until at one point she said,
"When we arrived, we thought we might have been interrupting a nude sunbathe. Is that right?"
"Well, I wouldn't call it an interruption" I said. "I'm actually glad of the spontaneous visit. It's one of those nice little moments life throws you sometimes."
"That's nice of you to say so," she replied. "But we really don't want to impose. You don't have to keep that towel on if you'd rather not. I know I'd like to lose mine," at which point she stood up and let her towel drop to the chair. I was dumb-struck.
Her breasts were even lovelier than I'd imagined. She stretched her arms up and went on tip toes, savouring the sunlight on her skin. It was an all over tan after all! Her line was fantastic; elegant, smooth, well-toned and proportioned. I was mesmerised. She turned to me and smiled, then arranged her towel on the chair to sit on. She sat back down and adopted a wonderfully relaxed pose.
Suddenly Michael's voice broke through my spellbound state. "Quite a view you have here!"
I turned guiltily round and then realised he was talking about the view from the house, which was indeed beautiful.
"Oh, yes... yes I'm very lucky to have found it," I stuttered.
Michael looked at my towel. I became aware of the fact that he was also naked and suddenly felt overdressed. I got up quickly and - slightly nervously - dropped it, trying not to get aroused by Anna who I noticed seemed to have one squinting eye open and taking note of how I looked.
After some more pleasant chatting I suggested that I could light the sauna.
"Ooooh YES!" said Anna. "I thought you'd never ask! Can we walk there naked too?"
I said we could and the three of us strolled naked in the sunshine down the path to the lake where they stretched out on the bank while I fired up the heater.
As the heater started doing its job, I couldn't help noticing their displays of affection getting less inhibited. Michael was stoking Anna softly from head to toe. She just lay there soaking up the touch It was very erotic just to watch them.
"OK, guys! I think it's up to temperature now," I said after about twenty minutes.
They picked themselves up and we all went inside. I had put towels on the wooden benches. Michael sat leaning against the wall and Anna laid down with her head on his lap. She stretched out and her cute little feet were tantalisingly close to my leg.
"We're so lucky we came across you," she said, smiling at me. "It's so beautifully here... so relaxed and quiet..... just what we needed," she said as her hand moved up to stroke Michael's shoulder.
We sat for a few minutes, letting the warmth get into the skin and muscles. Her hand stroking his arm was electric. That simple gesture, nothing extraordinary was nonetheless making me as horny as hell. She was so relaxed, almost nonchalant.
I wondered if it was having the same effect on Michael. He must have had years of this touch. They seemed so good together; at one with each other.
His hand started to move too. It seemed he WAS getting the effect. He stroked her face first, tracing the line of her cheeks and nose and mouth., gazing down at her with so much love in his eyes.
We were starting to get the first little beads of sweat when his stroking extended to her shoulders. I was willing him to start on her breasts and after a few torturous minutes when I was afraid nothing would go further, he did!
She purred gently under his touch. I was struggling like hell not to get a hard on, which started to seem stupid under the circumstances but I still didn't want to assume anything. I moved very slightly to the right to let my leg rest against her foot. This, I thought, would be a good tester as to how comfortable they felt.
'She hasn't pulled away!' I thought excitedly. The feel of even just that foot against my leg made any further attempts to fight the hard on futile and my cock rose quickly.
Michael was now massaging Anna's fabulous breasts with skill and passion and she was moaning softly with her lips parted, eyes closed and pushed her feet into me. He pussy was also getting wet and I began to notice the sweet intoxicating aroma of her arousal. This was a dream come true! They were going to let me watch!
Michael was now hard as a rock too and Anna noticed his proud cock beside her face. She turned her head and with her hand, guided his member to her lips. The heat built as she wrapped her lips around him and sucked him slowly into her mouth... taking the whole length!
I decided to test the boundaries a little further and began stroking her legs and thighs. It worked a treat. It seemed to be what she had been waiting for as she started sucking and licking Michael's fully erect cock with more and more passion and opened her legs to allow my hands freer access. I bent over and kissed her thighs... No resistance!
I began licking and kissing her gorgeous skin, trying to control my impatience to reach that sweet warm pussy. But I still had a doubt; wasn't sure where the limit was until I heard Michael's aroused voice saying, "Taste her pussy! She loves it...... and so will you!"
I did as I was asked, closing my mouth over her lips and then pushing my tongue between them. She was unbelievably delicious! I heard her moan with pleasure, the sound coming from around Michael's dick as I pushed her lips apart with my tongue and then delved as deep as possible inside her.
Her juices flowed freely over my tongue. Then I started paying attention to her fantastic clit, flicking it with my tongue and sucking it between further explorations up and down her slit.
I managed to look up and saw her body heaving and bucking and her determination not to let Michael out of her mouth.
This went on for I don't know how long until Michael said gently to her "I think we need to show some appreciation to our host Anna, don't you?"
"Mmmmm," she said and looked towards my cock which was now as hard as it ever been. Michael settled back against the wall again and Anna wrapped her heavenly form around my leg, positioning her face near my groin.
"Enjoy!" said Michael, smiling and Anna slowly sank my rock hard cock deep into her mouth. I was in heaven! Again she took on that slow, almost nonchalant approach, slowly sliding her lips up, up up and then down, down, down my shaft.
She looked Michael straight in the eye the whole time. He was stroking himself and Anna just kept on and on sucking and licking me like someone enjoying her favourite ice cream for what seemed like ages. The sauna was hot as hell now.
Then Michael's hand traced a line up her leg and he pushed a finger inside her soaking wet pussy and began waggling it around. This made her squirm with pleasure and her sucking became more energetic. I thought I would explode right there but then she stopped suddenly, turned to Michael and shouted "For God's sake, fuck me. NOW!"
The effect was stunning! Michael moved Anna onto her side and grabbed one ankle, lifting it in the air to his shoulder. He positioned himself and without hesitating, plunged his now huge cock into his beautiful wife.
In and out, in and out he drove into her like a steam piston. Her fabulous breasts bounced and shook with every thrust and her cries of pleasure got louder and louder as she held onto me for stability. He fucked her hard and long; the sight of his cock pounding her carrying me away.
Suddenly he pulled out and turned her onto her knees on the bench. He grabbed her hips and lifted her ass towards him and without pausing drove his cock hard into her pussy again and continued fucking her doggy style. Her back arched and she threw her head up and noticed that my cock was throbbing right by her face.
She didn't wait to be asked but grabbed it with one hand and greedily shoved me into her mouth again. She didn't need to do much. With every hard thrust and pull of her hubby's cock into her fabulous pussy my cock slid in and out of her mouth.
Then Michael puled out again and sat down.
"I wanna see you suck him while fuck you," he said. His cock was standing and throbbing high from his lap. Anna practically jumped onto his lap, spreading her legs either side of his and impaled herself on him.
"Come here!" she said to me, beckoning with her finger.
Right beside Michael's face she began sucking me again. He seemed amazingly turned on by the sight of his wife's mouth hungrily sucking the living daylights out of my stiff cock just inches in front of his face.
He began thrusting his hips upwards from the bench. Anna seemed equally turned on by having these two incredibly hard and horny cocks pumping her pussy and mouth simultaneously.
We continued in this way for a few minutes more until she managed with a muffled cry to tell us she was about to cum and wanted us to do the same.
The fucking and sucking got even harder. The sweat was pouring off us. Her breathing and moaning got ever more ecstatic and Michael was now grunting with every thrust of his cock while I was almost crying with pleasure.
I shouted a warning that I was about to cum, not knowing where she would want to take it but she just kept up the same frantic sucking until, with perfect timing she sense my orgasm and opened her mouth.
Leaving my cock balanced on her lips and I shot a huge load of warm spunk all over her tongue. I came a bucket load which washed all around her mouth and was in full view of Michael. This seemed to be the trigger he was waiting for and he yelled in pleasure as his pumping stopped and he buried his cock to it's maximum depth in his wife's heavenly pussy and filled her with another massive load.
"Oh God I can feel it filling me! His cum is filling my whole body!" Anna shouted, at which point wave after wave of a huge orgasm washed over her. Watching her cum was one of the most beautiful sights I had ever seen!
We lay there in the sauna for a while afterwards before skinny dipping in the lake and later heading back to the house.
I insisted that they stay could at least stay for dinner and were welcome to stay the night. The evening was beautiful. I cooked, we drank a little wine and later I was treated to another fabulous display of some of the most erotic love-making I have ever seen.
They fucked and sucked all over my house as if blessing every room... sometimes bringing me into the action. They stayed the night and left late the next morning with phone numbers etc. exchanged.
I still don't know if we will ever meet again. Life has taught me not to expect. But they left me with a memory to cherish and keep, at least!