Introduction
Thank you for taking the time to read this story, it will hopefully be the first in a series involving our main characters with the introduction of new partners and wild scenarios. Now for the disclaimer portion, all characters depicted in the story are of legal age and the story itself a work of fiction. Constructive feedback and kind words are always welcome. If you have ideas or requests to be included in a future story, please send me a message and we can discuss the details and decide to collaborate or not.
Part 1: The Podcast Begins
They had been married for just over ten years, life was good, sometimes it was challenging financially but for the last few months things were looking much better since Jack decided to put trust in himself by going out on his own. Since starting his business and accepting contract jobs he learned there was a lot of opportunity in this volatile economy for an experienced and creative bookkeeper. He was much happier being his own boss, taking time to look after himself better by exercising more and being more focused on home. Melissa had told him he looked better too which he appreciated. He was in good shape (six feet tall and 180 pounds) but now in his forties (43) knew he had to watch his health, not to mention to be able to keep up with his younger and active wife (33). His look was distinguished, greying at the temples with some laugh lines now appearing which Melissa liked to tease him about.
"Going to have to trade you in for a new model soon." She joked with him.
Melissa worked part time at a friend's small store after her full-time job was eliminated thanks to a reorganization happening. She had also started working with a different friend Saranya on a podcast. Melissa loved podcasts and when she heard Saranya, and her fiancé Marcus were planning to start one she was very interested. It was about fun for her and not taking it too seriously until Saranya and Marcus showed her their research behind hosting one and potential earnings. They had come up with a format where the two of them (Saranya and Melissa) would cover current events and pop culture twice a week, but one Friday a month there would be an episode dropped that would require a paid subscription. Marcus had come up with the plan to take advantage of the girls both being attractive, and for those sessions explore different topics related to sex. He put them behind a pay wall because they were going to be dressed provocatively in bikinis and lingerie while hosting and it would all be on video and available to stream at the subscriber's convenience.
"Who wouldn't want to watch them?" Marcus said to Jack when he was presenting the idea to him and Melissa.
Jack knew he was right; Melissa and Saranya were sexy enough to get attention no matter how they dressed so putting them in skimpy and revealing outfits while covering risqué topics was a no brainer. He saw how Marcus looked at her too, but he didn't hold that against him. She was tall (5'9"), blonde, blue eyed, and in fantastic shape thanks to a lot of yoga and swimming. She had long toned legs leading all the way up to a perfectly shaped ass and her breasts were firm and perky (36B). Her skin was very fair, porcelain white which was in stark contrast to Saranya. Her skin was a dark creamy brown, her hair was long thick and black, and her eyes big and brown. Like Melissa she was tall (5'10"), long legs with curvy hips and a sweet ass to go with her natural 36C breasts.
Jack wasn't surprised to hear Saranya was all in and willing to do whatever it took to build the subscriber base. He was surprised though that Melissa agreed to everything being proposed but only if Jack was okay with it. Normally she was more reserved, sometimes to the point of being shy, but he noticed her friend seemed to have a lot of influence over her. After a little bit of discussion everyone had agreed to the plan. Jack selfishly was seeing one of his fantasies coming to life with Melissa consenting to show herself off to strangers. He was a true voyeur at heart and wished she was more of an exhibitionist considering how she looked. It was also a fantasy to see his wife in a situation that never seemed possible. Jack was beginning to appreciate Saranya's influence over her more and more, even if he didn't necessarily appreciate Marcus. Something about him rubbed Jack the wrong way aside from a bit of jealousy and insecurity. Marcus was younger (35), black, athletic, and very confident in himself in a way Jack wasn't. There was no denying his business sense either which was proven quickly in the first couple of months of the podcast being launched. Jack just had a strange feeling knowing he was making money from selling Saranya and Melissa's asses on the podcast and that was priority number one to him.
Part 2: Podcast goes from R-Rated to X-rated
It was early Saturday morning just before eight o'clock, Jack was sitting at the kitchen table drinking a coffee while Melissa was loading the dishwasher. He looked over at her, the light was coming in through the window and made her hair look golden. She was looking even sexier than normal to him, her little black with white trim gym shorts were snug on her ass and her pink tank top was very thin and semi-transparent so he could see the shape of her breasts and nipples easily. Without realizing he was getting an erection and the front of his boxers were starting to tent.
"What are you looking at?" She asked him after catching him staring.
"Nothing..." He said embarrassed he got caught perving on his own wife. "I was just wondering what the topic is for next Friday's podcast?"
Melissa's cheeks went red, she hadn't told him about Marcus' latest idea, she had put it off because it was taking what they were doing to a new level. She finished loading the dishwasher, turned it on and leaned back against the counter. He was momentarily distracted by the sight of her but managed to focus on his question.
"What is it?" He asked again.
She explained to him that Marcus ran a poll among the subscribers and the topic they chose was Cyber Sex. Jack sat up straighter in his chair because he could see there was a lot more information coming. She went on and told him that Marcus has done some research and found a specific site where people could go into a public chatroom, chat, and break off into private conversations if they wanted to have cyber sex.
"Okay that sounds like it might be wild. I'm assuming he wants you and Saranya to have these chats with guys?" Jack asked knowing it to be true.
"Yes, but there is more." She said and paused. "Some of the people are on webcams, he wants us to do that too."
Jack thought that was insanely hot, he imagined seeing her in a bikini on camera watching some guy toss off as they chatted. She had an odd expression on her face, there was more to it. He also noticed her nipples had hardened while they were talking.
"He wants us to really get into it with the others, even said we should strip and....." She stopped to gauge Jack's reaction.
"And what?" He asked impatiently now wondering what all Marcus wanted his wife to do.
"Masturbate if they want us to." She finished and looked down at the floor.
Jack leaned back in the chair, he was stunned and couldn't believe what his wife was saying. She shifted on her feet as she stayed at the counter, there was an awkward silence for the next couple of minutes as Jack processed everything.
"There's one last thing, he is going to use a video camera to record the session and play clips of what we do in the studio during the chat on the podcast."
Jack started to laugh which made her nervous, it was not the reaction she was expecting, she expected an outright no but he was actually thinking about it which confused her. Then something struck her and she took a few steps toward him. He wasn't angry. She moved around behind him and leaned forward to give him a hug. As she did, she glanced down into his lap and saw a large bulge.
"It was Saranya's idea to play with ourselves too if the guys asked. I think she's done it before." Melissa said in a quiet voice in his ear.
Jack swallowed hard as that image appeared in his head. That was a show he would like to see.
"I don't know about this." He finally answered. "It's a big leap to go from looking sexy in some clothes to being naked and playing with yourself on camera for strangers. Christ, what if someone you know sees you?"
Melissa kissed his cheek. She had thought about that too but dismissed it. She was turned on by the idea of showing herself and especially with her friend doing it too. Saranya had found her exhibitionist side and the podcast was a way to explore it.
"Seems like a part of you is pretty sure about it." She said with a giggle while placing the palm of her hand onto his lap.
He closed his eyes as her fingers began gently massaging him, she grasped his hard cock through the think material of his shorts and stroked him. Everything she was saying and doing was driving him crazy.
"You could be in the chat room too and see it all as it happens. Imagine all the filthy things they could say to me and ask for me to do while they watch." She said while slipping her hand into his shorts and taking hold of him.
She considered his erection and lack of protesting confirmation it was okay to do. She smiled and moved around in front of him. She knelt onto the floor and freed his hard on from his shorts. He was already slick with precum and twitching as she pumped his shaft, he was close to cumming. She looked up at him while putting her mouth around the head of his prick, he groaned as she slowly sucked on him. Images of what might happen filled his brain while Melissa started to bob up and down on faster. There was a sense of urgency in how she was blowing him that he hadn't experienced with her before. He knew this podcast was influencing his wife sexually, he wondered how far it could go.
"I'm going to cum." He warned her knowing she didn't always like to have him cum in her mouth.
His warning made her more aggressive; she squeezed him hard while pumping his shaft until he erupted in her mouth. She let out a moan as she milked him and swallowed all he had to give her. She waited for a couple of minutes, letting him regain his composure before telling him they were going to shoot the episode later that night.
Podcast Shoot - Sex Chat Room
Melissa gave Jack a smile and a kiss before she left to do the podcast. He was so anxious he could hardly sit still and seeing her wear her little Daisy Dukes, snug fitting Pittsburgh Steelers t-shirt (without a bra) and some black high heels didn't help settle him down.
"I'll be in there at ten o'clock." She reminded him.
"I'll be there too." He said quickly.
She arrived at their house just before nine o'clock, Saranya met her at the door already dressed in her micro bikini which was a bright blue color. The top strained to hold in her breasts, the bottom was only a small triangular piece of material in the front with a thong in the back.
"Love those shorts!" She said to Melissa making her do a little twirl. "Marcus put your bikini in the bathroom."
Melissa went straight in to get changed, she held it up in the mirror and laughed. It was tiny, red, and latex and barely covered anything. She came out of the washroom and headed to the basement where the studio was set up. Marcus grinned when he saw her, she looked hotter than he expected.
"Couldn't find anything smaller?" She joked as she checked out how he had rearranged the space.
He had set up two desks on opposite ends of the room, with laptop, monitor and headset. There was also a high-quality webcam mounted atop the monitor to catch everything the girls did in their black leather executive chairs.
"Check the drawers." Marcus said to them.
Saranya and Melissa looked inside the drawer to find a small selection of sex toys, they both screamed out laughing and called Marcus a pervert.
"Trade." Saranya said as she brought over a black dildo for Melissa's pink one. "This one reminds me of Marcus so you can try it out."
Melissa shook her head as Saranya set it down in the drawer. She noticed he also had a video camera in hand so asked him what he was doing with it.
"Going to take some additional video while you both are chatting. Nice to have some different angles. Then I'll edit anything I like into the clips." He answered as he checked the time.
"Here you go." Saranya said after lighting up a joint and taking a hit.
Melissa took the smoke from her and inhaled deeply. She didn't have weed often but she enjoyed it from time to time and she needed it to take the edge off for what they were about to do. It was smooth and had an immediate effect on her, she smiled as she handed it off to Marcus and went to her desk.
"Okay ladies it's showtime." Marcus announced excitedly. "I've taken the liberty of setting up your profiles for you. We just need to add a couple of pictures."
The girls went to the site that Marcus found and logged in. They spent a couple of minutes reading their profiles which was full of details about what they liked sexually and fantasy scenarios.
"Oh my god Marcus!" Melissa called out then laughed hysterically. "You made us sound like complete sluts!"
"It's not too far from the truth." Kidded Saranya winking at her friend from across the room. "I'd definitely do all those things."
"We just need a couple of pictures and then we can start." Marcus told them showing them his phone.
Saranya stood up and posed giving him a full shot of her body. She then went over to the couch that was against the far wall and sat in the middle. She spread her legs wide on the couch and leaned over toward the camera giving Marcus a great picture of her full breasts.
"That is hot!" Melissa commented seeing her friend show off.
"Your turn blondie." Marcus said giving Melissa a big shit eating grin.
Melissa stood up and looked around the room and smiled. She went over to the bar in the corner, she gave him a full body shot like Saranya did as she leaned on it.
"Bend over the barstool and look back at me, it'll really show that ass off." Marcus directed her making Saranya smile.
Melissa felt a wave of excitement come over her being spoken to like that by Marcus, and in front of Saranya only made it seem naughtier. She slowly bent over it, exaggerating the pose by pushing her ass up a little higher. She looked back over her shoulder at Marcus and smiled.
"Hot damn!" Saranya yelled and clapped her hands.
Marcus quickly uploaded the pictures to each of their profiles, he was positive they would be extremely popular in the chat room once people started checking them out.
"Time to have some fun." He said picking his video camera up again.
They went into the public chat room and turned their webcams on. Melissa's heart raced while watching the messages of the people talking to each other scrolling by. After reading a little the public room was not too explicit, there was a lot of inuendo, but outright cybersex was not happening. She looked through the list of people and found her husband's handle, it was easy to pick out since he was using his nickname. Marcus was documenting what they were doing, shooting them at their desks and getting some images of their screens with the live chatting happening. It took a couple of minutes but the first real sexual comment was made toward Saranya.
"Love me some chocolate. Nice tits baby!" Wrote KingDong6969.
Saranya smiled into her camera as multiple private chat requests started popping up at her. She playfully teased pulling off her top and after a handful of comments she did. Marcus filmed it happening, he zoomed in on her bare tits before moving over to Melissa.
"That's a fine piece of ass!" User 9inches4u said to Melissa.
She giggled in her chair and thanked him. Sensing something more might start Marcus stayed there, shooting her sitting in her seat and then back to her screen. She had a flood of private messages from different people in the room including 9inches4u.
"Accept his request and see where it goes." He told her.
She did and the private chat box opened. The man was broadcasting his webcam too and sitting in a chair like the one Melissa was in. He looked to be in his twenties, good looking, short blonde hair and in excellent shape with washboard abs. But it was what he was stroking that caught her eye. There was no exaggeration with his chatroom handle, he was huge.
"Hey baby! Love that sweet ass of yours in your picture. I want to fuck you over that stool." He wrote to her in the chat. "What do you think of my dick?"
Melissa was blown away by how crude he was, but also appreciated the simplicity of his comment. She gave his cock an obvious look in the camera and a seductive smile, she knew this was what Marcus wanted to see. She checked to see how many people were watching her webcam and was shocked to see over fifty. There were names not in the public chatroom and then she realized anyone on the site could see her if she had the camera on. It made her hotter knowing so many were seeing her though they couldn't see the chat they would be able to hear her if they were listening too. She turned on her headset so she could talk and not need to type.
"I love your cock." She started. "My pussy is wet thinking about how amazing it would feel to have you fucking me with it. Especially bent over the stool like that."
Marcus couldn't believe what he heard Melissa say and there was no way to hide the bulge growing in his shorts. He explained he couldn't talk because his wife was asleep in another room. Melissa laughed and assured him it was fine. She just wanted to see him stroke that meat.
"Let me see those titties." He typed.
Melissa saw that Jack was one of the people viewing her and listening. She repeated what he typed so everyone would know what she was being asked to do. Without any further hesitation she took her top off showing him her perky tits and hard nipples. She ran her fingers around them and gently pinched them. Marcus zoomed in on her fingers as she tweaked her own nipples, he wanted to suck on them.
"You're such a tease, let's see that pussy." The man wrote quickly.
Saranya made comment in the public chatroom about a sexy blonde showing off on camera and instantly the number viewing jumped by another ten.
"Not so fast big boy! I want to watch you play with your cock." She said to him which made him smile.
Jack couldn't believe it, his wife was acting the whore on screen and he loved it. Hearing her tell another man she loved how his cock looked and she wanted him to play with it for her had him jerking off too. He was loving all the comments too in the main room about her. The room had more than doubled in the number of people and the general conversation was much racier. He thought about checking Saranya's camera and decided it was fair, considering Marcus was getting up close and very personal with Melissa.
Marcus smiled at Melisaa and left her to watch the stud for a couple of minutes. He saw Saranya was deep in conversation with a man who was also whacking off to her. He was older, in his fifties and rougher looking, Marcus thought he was a redneck.
"Squeeze those nice big tits together." He told her.
Saranya did as she was told, his cock looked angry to her. It was rigid and thick. She had the impression that this guy would be very rough in bed, and it made her wet.
"You want to see my pussy?" She asked him which made Marcus' cock jump in his shorts.
"Fuck'n right I do. Show me that snatch." He answered immediately.
Saranya undid the strings to her bikini bottom and flung them over her shoulder. She shifted in her seat onto her side and spread her legs giving anyone watching a good look at her pussy. She ran her fingertip up and down at her opening.
"I'm so wet." She said to him, and Marcus could see it was true.
"I want to fuck your cunt and make you scream. And suck those tits while I do it." He said and pumped his dick faster.
Marcus took a deep breath and switched girls again. Melissa had multiple private chats going and loving every nasty message she was getting. They were giving her all sorts of directions and requests while they all stroked off. To Marcus' delight he also saw there were a couple of women watching her and fingering their pussies. Melissa had taken her bottoms off too, she spread her legs wide draping one over each arm of the chair while leaning back in the seat.
"I want to pin those legs behind your head and fuck your pussy until you squirt all over my cock." 9inches4u wrote to her.
"God yes! I want you to pound my pussy with that cock." She said pushing two fingers into her pussy and slowly moving them in and out.
"I would lick your pussy all night sexy." One of the women wrote to her.
"Bet you like your mouth fucked, I'd treat you like a real slut." Another man wrote to her as he wagged his cock at the camera.
Melissa moaned while fingering herself, she saw Jack was back watching her. She could only imagine what he was thinking as she got herself off with all these people. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Marcus kneeling down and aiming his video camera between her legs. He looked up into her eyes for a moment as if asking permission. Melissa used her fingers to spread herself wide open, it was the lewdest thing she had ever done in her life. Marcus grinned wickedly as he filmed her pussy close-up. She started rubbing her clit hard for him and those watching, the comments had escalated quickly.
"I want to shoot my load in that tight hole!"
"Rub that clit you little whore!" The other woman watching her wrote.
Marcus wanted to pull his cock out and fuck her right there, he knew Saranya would love it. They had talked about how much fun it would be to have a threesome with her but never said anything to Melissa about it, and Jack would probably kill him or at least he thought so.
"I want you to cum all over my tits!" Saranya announced catching Marcus' attention.
He made his way to her to see a guy jerking wildly on camera for her as she squeezed her tits together for him. The guy shot a massive load toward the screen and Saranya reacted as if it landed on her. She was having a great time playing with the different men and quickly switched her focus to another man.
"Show me that pussy!" The man told Saranya and she did, holding her legs wide apart for him.
Marcus zoomed in on it, getting a close-up of her pink pussy just like he did Melissa. She grinned as she reached into the drawer and pulled out the pink dildo. Marcus loved his fiancé even more as she sucked on it before pushing it into her pussy. She worked in deep to everyone's delight watching her.
"God damn I want that to be my cock!" Typed Boner_Bob.
Saranya closed her eyes while working it in and out, her moans grew louder, and it was clear to everyone watching her that she was building to an orgasm. Marcus thought she looked beautiful as she cried out, her body twitching and squirming. The next couple of minutes Marcus focused on her until she sat up straight and started to laugh.
"You boys made me cum pretty hard!" She cracked off to everyone.
Marcus was thrilled with his fiancé, she had an intense orgasm in front of a lot of people and looked amazing doing it. He took his video camera back over to Melissa and she held up the black dildo for all to see.
"Going to pretend this is your cock 9inches4u." She said and gave it a kiss.
Marcus was enthralled as she sucked on the dildo, she was making love to it with her mouth and managed to take most of it into her throat. In the public room, almost everyone was talking about Saranya and Melissa. Leading the conversation was Jack, making very suggestive comments about them both which Melissa found to be a huge turn on. She wanted to give a good show.
"I need your cock in me now." She said as she turned around in the chair, putting her hands on the back of it and showing off her ass.
Marcus made sure to zoom in tight, her pussy looked so good from behind and her ass was perfection. It is lit a fire in the chats going on.
"I would fuck that ass all night!' 9inches4u wrote.
"Spread your cheeks, I want to see that tight little hole!" Another wrote as he wanked.
"Oh sweetie, how would you like to be my bitch? I'll use my biggest strapon on that ass." The original woman Melissa saw watching added.
Melissa reached down between her legs with the black dildo in her hand, she rubbed it up and down at her opening before slipping it inside. Slowly she worked it finding a smooth rhythm, moaning as she made it go in deeper until the length was moving in and out. Marcus was ready to cum in his pants as he got the best shot he possibly could, the dildo moving with her lips tightly gripped around it. Jack was awe struck seeing her ass in the middle of the screen, a big black dildo in her pussy and dozens of people getting off on it. He knew Marcus must be rock hard watching them in person, he couldn't blame him.
The girls kept going, they managed to have multiple orgasms as they made countless men and women cum too. What they had learned for sure was it was a hell of a lot of fun being a sexual object to a group of horny people. Marcus had made a mental note to have the girls talk about the mob mentality when they did the podcast live, because it was on full display in the chatroom. As soon as one or two started making suggestive comments more joined in and it only grew more and more intense until there was a frenzy.
"Think you have now video of our pussies, don't you?" Saranya said startling Marcus.
She had signed out of the chat and walked over to the other side of the room to where they were. He laughed and put down the video camera, he had a lot of footage to work with. They stood there together watching as Melissa finished with another private chat. Saranya decided to have some fun with her fiancé, she dropped to her knees in front of him and tugged at his shorts. His big black cock sprung free making her chuckle.
"Can't blame you for being hard." She said before taking him into her mouth.
Seeing all those dicks being stroked had her hungry for a real one. Marcus let out a moan which caught Melissa's attention, she hadn't noticed what was happening right next to her. She quickly switched off her camera and logged out, it was thrilling to see Saranya sucking Marcus' cock. His cock was even better than she imagined, she had never been with a black guy but always fantasized about it. She knew that was why he seemed to be able to convince her to go along with his ideas. As if he knew her thoughts Marcus looked at Melissa and smiled. He saw how intently she was watching Saranya suck his cock.
"Fuck yourself with that black dildo while she sucks me off." He said to her with an emphasis on the word black.
Melissa hesitated, waiting to see if Saranya would say anything to him but when she didn't, she leaned back in the chair like she did before and draped one leg over each of the arms. She pushed the dildo into her pussy and started to fuck herself. Marcus watched her closely as she writhed in the seat, it was driving her crazy having him concentrating on her while Saranya pleasured him. He groaned loudly as Saranya stroked him hard, she was going to make him cum. Melissa gasped as a powerful orgasm started to tear through her body. She knew if he decided to fuck her there was nothing she could do, the way she felt she would give in and take his cock anyway he wanted. He grunted as his body jerked. Saranya's moans let Melissa know he was filling her mouth with his load. It got a little awkward once she was finished milking Marcus and they all looked at each other.
"I'll get to editing in the morning, now I'm going to have a shower." Marcus said breaking the tension.
He gave Melissa a big hug, she felt his slick cock rub against her thigh, and it made her shiver. He then kissed Saranya before leaving them alone.
"That was interesting." Saranya said to Melissa. "I think I could get used to it."
Melissa laughed; she thought her friend was hilarious but knew that type of attention could be addictive. She put her clothes back on that she had worn over to the house and left. As she drove, she wondered what it was going to be like at home when she saw Jack. He seemed to really enjoy himself, but what would he think once he had time to cool off. She had already decided not to say anything to him about watching Saranya give Marcus a blowjob. She was certain he might have a problem with that.
Back Home - Kitchen Fun
She saw the light on in the kitchen as she walked up the path to the front door. She walked in and saw Jack sitting there at the table drinking a beer.
"Hey Honey." He said in a pleasant voice, though slightly slurring which was an instant relief to Melissa.
"I wasn't sure if you would still be up." She said checking the clock and seeing it was after two in the morning.
He explained there was no way he could sleep after their performances. Jack told her how much of a turn on it was especially seeing how everyone lusted after her. Melissa knew what he meant, she admitted she had never been so horny in her life. He asked her about Marcus and what he was doing all the time they were chatting and playing. She told him the truth, explaining how he was moving between them and filming them in very explicit ways.
"That Marcus is a prick." He stated and laughed. "He's going to make as much money off your ass as possible."
Melissa again knew he was right. She had never seen him in such a mood, he was serious one moment but then very light the next. She went to turn to go upstairs but she felt his hands on her shoulders.
"What are you doing?" She asked caught off guard by his sudden movement.
"I'm getting some of that pussy you've been showing everyone tonight." He answered coldly while pushing her toward the kitchen table. "I'm going to fuck it hard."
Melissa realized he was a little more drunk than she thought, he bent her over the table roughly, pinning her chest to the hard wood top. She closed her eyes and remained quiet as her Daisy Dukes were yanked down her long legs to the floor along with her panties. He kicked her legs a little wider apart, Jack had never treated her like that before. He grabbed her ass and squeezed; he pulled down his own shorts letting his hard cock free ready to fuck her like a whore.
"Your pussy is so wet. Seeing all those cocks got your juices flowing. Bet you wanted Marcus to give you a pounding too, didn't you?" He commented feeling it with his fingers.
He rubbed the slick head of his cock to her pussy and thrust. Melissa raised up on her toes from the force of his thrust, there was going to be no slow build or sensual touching. She gripped the edge of the table as he held her hips firmly and proceeded to pound her pussy. It was exactly what Melissa wanted and the type of fucking she needed after all the teasing and playing on camera. She closed her eyes tightly and fantasized about the different guys taking a turn behind her that she had seen showing their cocks. Within a minute she was starting to cum and finally she imagined it was Marcus, grinning at her while slamming into her. Jack groaned feeling her squeeze him, there was no holding on, he was far too excited. Jack gave her ass a sharp series of smacks, then blasted his load inside her. She stayed frozen in place appreciating every second of her husband's intensity. When he pulled out of her pussy his cum leaked out running down her thighs there was so much of it.
"Can't wait to see what he wants you and Saranya to do for the next episode." He joked making Melissa smile.
"Neither can I, I have no idea what he is thinking but sure it is nuts." She answered knowing she was right.
To be continued.....