Author's Note: All characters in this story are eighteen years of age or older. This piece centers on the humiliation of an inebriated guy, at the hands of his older brothers, during his eighteenth birthday party. It doesn't involve any incest; however, typical fraternal boundaries are crossed.
Brothers can be some of your closest allies; they can also be your greatest adversaries. At least, that was my experience growing up. My mother had begged the Virgin Mary for a little girl; alas, she ended up with four boys.
We were a rough-and-tumble bunch who would routinely destroy furniture, break bones, and cause general havoc throughout our earlier years. It wasn't until we'd all entered our teens that we'd found a rhythm that was more supportive, even though old rivalries would still rear their ugly heads on occasion.
There is no clearer example of the complex nature of our relationship than Chip's birthday. My youngest brother had the misfortune of being born on April Fool's Day. We'd fallen into the tradition of pranking him every year.
It had started when our eldest brother, Sam, had fed him a can of dog food as a "birthday surprise" on his seventh. As one might expect, Chip had been devastated, and us older brothers had thought it was hilarious. My mom had punished us, which had further cemented Chip's status as the coddled baby of the family. I think we'd resented the special attention he'd always received, which was why we were so happy to have April Fool's Birthday as an excuse to rain on his proverbial never-ending parade.
We had been debating what prank to pull for Chip's eighteenth birthday. Sam, who was twenty-two at the time, was arguing for something that would embarrass him. He suggested shaving his head while he was sleeping. My younger brother, Kyle, who was nineteen, didn't have any specific idea. I think he was just happy that being a year older than Chip had afforded him the privilege of not being fucked with on his birthday; he only participated to keep the attention off of himself.
I had thought about how I didn't want to play a normal trick on Chip that debased him. He was already more type-A than any of us. He spent most of his time focused on being the best he could at football, school, and socializing. He had become very strait-laced as a way to cope with all of the self-imposed pressure. I just wanted to see him relax. That's why, as the date loomed nearer and no other idea had gained traction, I suggested that our prank should focus on getting Chip to lower his inhibitions for once in his life. To my surprise, my brothers agreed with my suggestion, and our brainstorming session came alive.
It was about 5 p.m. on Friday, April 1st. Chip had officially been eighteen years old for seven whole hours. My parents were out of town, but would be returning the next day. We were going to have a family celebration at Chip's favorite restaurant. We had decided to capitalize on having the house to ourselves for the evening with a small get-together.
Chip was taking a shower; I was in the kitchen, hunting through the cupboards for snacks. I heard Sam and Kyle walking through the front door. Sam had taken a job a few hours away, so he only came home on random weekends and for special occasions.
"Hey, bro!" Sam shouted as he walked into the kitchen with Kyle lagging behind him.
"Good to see you," I replied as I planted my palm across his broad shoulder. "How was the train ride?"
"Not bad, not bad," he said. "It'll have been worth it to get wild tonight. Kendra's thinking about stopping by and I'm getting the vibe she's missed my dick."
Sam gestured to his crotch as if he was landing a Boeing 747. Kyle, who appreciated his antics, let out a loud chuckle before nodding in approval.
"Nice," I said, walking the line between being supportive and not wanting to engage.
"Did you bring the goodies?" I asked.
"Right here," Sam said, patting the right chest pocket of his blue plaid shirt.
"Where is baby bro, anyways?" he asked.
"He said he was going to get ready for the evening, so he's upstairs," I said.
"Well, let's go give him his present," Sam replied with a smirk. "It'll need time to kick in if we want him to loosen up before people start to arrive later."
Sam walked towards the living room before pausing right at the doorway. He quickly grabbed a bottle of rum I had placed on the counter; it probably only had ten shots left in it. He grinned at us; I was already starting to guess that he was going to make his own adjustments to the prank we'd planned together. He was the oldest; he took it as his prerogative.
We made our way to Chip's room on the second floor. I could hear that the shower wasn't running, but I didn't know if Chip was in his bedroom or the shared bathroom in the hallway. As we approached his room, I could hear some vague muttering through the door.
Sam suppressed a laugh and put his finger to his lips, indicating the he wanted us to be quiet. He placed his ear against the door to better listen to what was being said. I wondered if Chip's girlfriend had come over. I thought he'd said she was at a gymnastics competition, so she wouldn't be able to celebrate with him on his birthday.
Sam pressed his large hand over his entire mouth, but his eyes sparkled with uproarious delight. He slowly pushed open the door a few inches to see what was happening. After watching for about twenty seconds, he motioned for me and Kyle to step forward. He pressed on the door so that it gently opened all the way without making even the smallest noise.
My baby brother was standing completely in the buff in front of the full-length mirror in the corner of the room. I wasn't sure what I was looking at, but he seemed to be putting on a show for himself. At six-foot-four, he was the tallest of us, which irked Sam to no end. He weighed two-hundred-and-twenty pounds, and it was mostly muscle. I knew that he tried to lift weights for at least an hour every day.
Chip was holding his right bicep in the air and flexing it. I doubted it was intentional, but his firm ass was tightening as well, making it look even more pronounced. He appeared to be looking into his own green eyes in the reflection, as he shook his head to make his dewy, blond locks fall into a different position.
"Do you like that, baby?" he asked. "You wanna suck it?"
He nodded down at his crotch; I noticed he was holding his phone in his left hand. It started to click that we could very well be peeping on some type of sexting situation with his girlfriend, Jessica. I couldn't help but look where his camera was pointing. I could see that, while he wasn't hard, he definitely wasn't soft either. My eyes widened as I realized that he had to be at least seven inches long, although only partly erect, and as girthy as a can of Red Bull.
I knew I needed to stop the oddly incestuous voyeurism that was playing out. I grabbed the door knob so it would look as if we had just entered, rather than revealing we'd been gawking. I pushed it forcefully and yelled, "Surprise! Happy Birthday!" as it banged against the wall.
Chip spun around on his heels before freezing for a split second. I could see shock, embarrassment, and anger wash over his face in respective waves. Sam and Kyle had taken a different approach; they were doubled over with laughter. Chip's face began to turn a rosy hue which was mirrored on his large pecs.
"Haven't you assholes ever heard of knocking?" he shouted as he frantically covered his manhood with his hands, even though one was still holding his phone.
Sam and Kyle were getting the last of the chuckles out of their systems. Sam was already standing tall; Kyle still had his hands on his knees as he leaned forward.
"Sorry," I said. "We didn't know what was going on. Are you on the phone with Jessica or something?"
"No. I, um..." Chip said. "I was just taking a picture to send to her."
Chip's anger quickly swung to embarrassment again. His shoulders slumped a bit, as if he realized how sad his last sentence must sound to his older brothers. I'm certain it had to do with the fact that Chip as a virgin, and he knew that none of us still were. He had been all about waiting until marriage until he'd stopped going to church regularly a few months earlier. I wasn't really sure what had caused the shift since he hadn't spoken about it explicitly.
"Dude, you need to tidy up if you're taking pics!" Kyle chortled, while motioning to Chip's hands.
Chip was barely covering his manhood; it looked like it was just too big. His dense, curly, blond patch of pubic hair was visible. Chip bounded over to his bed and grabbed the towel that was draped across it; he swiftly wrapped it around his waist.
"Fuck you," he mumbled.
I felt pretty uncomfortable. My energy was more aligned with my baby brother's than with Sam and Kyle's jocularity. Seeing Chip so upset made me think of our original goal of getting him to loosen up. I realized I was feeling pretty uptight, too. That was heading in the wrong direction.
"Okay, let's just forget that happened," I said. "We actually came up to give you a present. And, no, it isn't a can of dog food."
I was attempting to lighten the mood, but it didn't work. Kyle chuckled a little too much at the reference, which made Chip look even more flustered. It wasn't what I had wanted.
"We thought this year, in honor of the big one-eight, we'd forgo the traditional prank," I said. "Instead, we come bearing gifts."
I motioned to Sam, who stepped forward. He pulled a small tin from his pocket and popped open the lid. There were eight little green gummies inside. They looked a bit like miniature pieces of Turkish Delight.
The muscles in Chip's face tensed. We all knew the look; it was a combination of anxiety and judgment. His hesitancy was palpable.
"Come on, bro," Sam encouraged. "You're going to college in a few months. Don't you think it's better to try some of this stuff now before you move away? You don't want people to think you're some sheltered weirdo, right?"
"These aren't even that intense," Kyle chimed in. "My friend's grandma takes these same ones for her arthritis."
Chip expression shifted the slightest bit, but not enough to suggest a change in how he was feeling. He pulled his arms over his exposed pecs as if he was hugging himself.
"Baby bro," I said, "you know I don't do this stuff very often. I get that it makes you nervous, but it will be fine. I really think it'll help you loosen up. You're so wound up all the time. If this could help you actually enjoy your eighteenth birthday more, isn't it worth trying?"
I must have tapped into the right combination of logic and sentiment. I did genuinely mean it though. Also, it was a prank we'd all enjoy. Us brothers would get a good chuckle watching Chip get high for the first time, and he'd have a blast tripping as he partied the night away.
"Okay," he said with a reluctant smile.
Sam stepped forward between the two of us. I could tell he was transferring the edible from the tin into Chip's palm. I heard him say something in almost a whisper; Chip nodded in response. Chip tossed his head back and pressed his palm against his mouth. Judging from his expression, he didn't like the taste.
"Not so bad, huh?" Kyle said.
"You next, Dylan," Chip said to me.
Sam shifted and pushed the open tin in front of me. There were six gummies left. I realized that the asshole had given Chip two doses. I had argued that we should only have Chip start with half a gummy, but I'd been overridden. Apparently, Kyle and Sam had altered the plan without me.
Sam smirked as he saw that I realized what had happened. I picked up a single gummy from the tin. Chip's eyes widened with confusion.
"I thought you said two gummies is one dose?" he asked Sam.
"It is..." Sam began.
Before Sam could finish his thought with the words "for me" and freak Chip out even more, since he knew Sam had a high tolerance, I interjected. I didn't want him to start his first trip in a bad mental place.
"It is," I said, "but I'm taking half a dose. One of us needs to have his shit together if mom calls or something else comes up tonight."
That seemed to be enough of an explanation to reassure him. I tossed the gummy into my mouth. Sam and Kyle followed suit, but they did actually consume two gummies apiece. As I said, it wasn't more than what they were used to.
"A shot apiece to wash it down!" Sam commanded.
Before I could say anything, I felt his hand yanking my hair back. I opened my mouth with a yelp of pain; it felt like he was ripping out a swath of my shaggy blond locks - and, yes, we were one of those families where all the kids looked the same: blond hair, green eyes, and all over six feet. I struggled to not choke as the cheap, room-temperature booze flooded down my throat.
After frantically swallowing it down, I had a brief coughing fit since part of the rum had trickled down the wrong pipe. I watched through tears as Sam gave Chip what appeared to be a double. While I wasn't happy with him upping the ante yet again, at least he wasn't rough with Chip like he'd been with me.
I couldn't help but notice that Sam and Kyle didn't take any shots themselves. I knew that they didn't want to get so wasted that they couldn't have fun fucking with Chip later that night.
DING DONG! DING DONG!
Fuck, I thought to myself as I realized it was the booze I had ordered being delivered. I knew that I had to go accept the order since they would need to see my driver's license, but my eyes were still red from choking.
"I've got to go get the booze," I said. "You should get ready, Chip, and you two should check in with Mom now so she's less likely to call tonight. You know how needy she is when we're all together without her."
Before I could wait for their response, I raced out of the room. I didn't want the delivery guy to take the alcohol back to the market. I rubbed the back of my still-aching head as I rushed down the stairs.
After I accepted the delivery, I worked on organizing things. I put the various bottles where they needed to be: beer in the fridge, vodka in the freezer, and red wine (for the girls) on the counter. I did some tidying up, including putting away the dishes and wiping down various surfaces. I took the occasional break to reply to text messages.
I had started to set out some snacks next to plastic bowls; I knew people would undoubtedly get hungry once they were buzzed. Right at that moment, my own buzz started to wash over me. It had only been thirty minutes, though; I thought it was odd, since it usually took me an hour to feel anything.
I wondered how Chip was doing. I suddenly became worried that he must be really feeling it if he had taken twice as much as me and downed double the rum. I pushed aside the bag of pretzels I had in my hands and started walking towards Chips' room. I felt a little worried, but it was hard to grasp onto the emotion, as the budding high overrode it.
"I can't believe he's doing it!" I heard Kyle say as I summited the stairs.
"It feels really weird, guys," Chip said with an affected tone. "It kind of burns."
"It's almost all gone," Sam chuckled. "Just keep soaking it up."
I couldn't believe that those assholes were giving him more shots before the party. I was fine with getting Chip buzzed, but I hadn't wanted to get him wasted. I turned the corner, prepared to grab the bottle from his hand, when I stopped in my tracks.
My jaw dropped as I took in the scene. Chip was on all fours with his head pushed flat against the carpet and his ass sticking up in the air, like a dog about to be mounted. He was naked again, and Sam was positioned next to him. He was holding the bottle of rum so that the mouth was nestled between Chip's ass cheeks.
It took me a moment to realize what was going on. At first, I thought they were doing shots off of Chip backside, but I knew that would humiliate them more than him. I charged forward into the room. Sam grinned at me with a devious sparkle in his eye.
"Dylan!" Chip shouted. "I'm butt-chugging! It really hurt when Sam stuck it inside, and the rum burned. But it's not as bad now."
Chip's pupils were large black saucers, and he had a goofy smile on his face. I noticed that Kyle was filming the scene with his phone. I could see him zooming in and out to show where the mouth of the bottle was pressed into Chip's small, pink hole. He was making sure to position things so that Chip's face was visible but Sam's wasn't.
"Get this," Sam said to Kyle, before directing his attention to Chip. "Just a few more drops; I'm going to help get them out."
Sam slowly started to spin the bottle in a rotating motion. I heard Chip let out something that sounded like a cross between a gasp and a moan. Sam stifled his laughter. I looked at Kyle's phone; he was zooming in on Chip's cock. It was growing in real time as it reacted to the novel stimulation of the bottle teasing his rosebud. It was bigger than it had been earlier - maybe eight inches, and still not at full-mast.
"Dude, fucking stop that," I said as I jumped over to where Sam was squatting.
"Don't worry, buzzkill, it's all gone," he said. "Chip, you did a great job chugging that down. I'm going to remove the bottle now. I might hurt a little, so just exhale."
"Okay," Chip chirped.
Sam slowly pulled the bottle out of my baby brother's asshole. I couldn't understand why it was taking so long, until I realized that Sam had forced a good three inches on the neck of the bottle inside of him. Chip was trying to stifle his small gasps during the removal process.
"See?" Sam said. "He's not in pain."
There was a slight popping noise as the mouth of the bottle pulled away from Chip's hole. A few gushes of rum pushed out of his abused pucker before it sealed shut again. Sam stood up and placed the empty bottle on the bed.
"You probably want to stay like that for a couple minutes," Sam instructed. "You're going to feel like you really want to take a shit, but you have to ignore that feeling. Your body needs a little time to absorb the alcohol."
"How much was in the bottle?" I asked, feeling incredulous.
"Like two or three shots," Sam replied. "We'd drunk the rest of it before Chip decided to try out butt-chugging. I told him about how they do it at the frat parties at college."
I rolled my eyes. I knelt down next to Chip and placed my right palm between his shoulder blades. He looked pretty messed up. He'd had at least five shots of rum, but I was guessing it was closer to ten.
"How are you feeling, buddy?" I asked.
"Really good," Chip slightly slurred.
He was, surprisingly, more energetic than I would have expected from someone so intoxicated. He was rolling his neck in circles and tapping his right wrist against the floor. It was as if he were somehow wired in spite of it all.
"I just want to stand up," he said. "I want to dance."
I quizzically looked at Sam and Dylan. The latter shrugged to indicate his ignorance, while Sam just smirked.
"Dylan, Dylan, Dylan..." Chip repeated until I looked at him again. "I didn't tell you about Jessica, Dylan. She sent me a message this morning that she's going to give me a blowjob when she gets back in town as a birthday present. I was just telling Sam and Kyle."
"That's nice, bud," I said as I patted his back. "I think maybe we should get you into the shower again. A little cold water to jolt you back to your senses before the party."
"But I just took a shower," he sighed. "I just want to have fun."
"I think a shower would be good," Sam said. "We can help you get ready for your big night tomorrow, like we were talking about. You want to look good for Jessica, right?"
Chip smiled; he must have been thinking about Jessica. He slowly started to push himself up from the ground. He paused for a moment in a squatting position before raising himself the rest of the way.
We escorted Chip to the bathroom down the hall. I reached into the shower and turned on the water. I tried to adjust the knobs to the right positions to get the best temperature. I looked over my shoulder to see Chip picking up Kyle's electric body groomer.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"The guys told me that I need to 'beat back the bush,'" he said with a chuckle. "I'm not going to let Jessica see me like this."
"I don't think this is the best time to do this," I said. "Maybe you can do it tomorrow? I think that'd be much better."
"No," he said exaggeratedly shaking his head. "No."
"You're going to nick yourself," I warned.
Chip turned on the electric razor and started to hold it over his crotch. His hand was jittery. I pulled it from his large mitt. Sam and Kyle giggled as they watched the drama unfold.
"Fine!" I practically yelled, feeling frustrated that I was the only rational person in the room - or the only one that gave a shit about Chip, at least. "I'll do a quick pass, and then you hop in the shower. You can tidy things up tomorrow."
"Okay," he said, his demeanor abruptly becoming calmer.
I stared down at my baby brother's overgrown pubes. They truly were a mess. I figured the only silver lining of this fiasco was that Jessica would be happy not to be picking long, blond hairs out of her teeth the next evening.
"Stay still," I said as I powered on the razor.
I was trying to avoid touching Chips dick. That was a bridge too far. It was not the easiest feat though, since it was still jutting out eight inches, partially erect. I decided to go in at a side angle. I swiped the razor across the very top of his pubic mound; the sheared golden hair cascaded onto the floor.
Chip was looking down in awe of my maneuvering. I noticed that Sam was taking a picture, so I flipped him off. I didn't know where Kyle had gone. I placed my free hand on Chip's thigh to steady myself as I made the next pass with the razor. I could already tell that the buzz was going to add another half inch to his already massive cock. At seven-and-a-half inches hard myself, I had nothing to be ashamed of; I couldn't help but be envious for a mere second, though.
"It's Mom," Kyle said, walking back into the bathroom. "She wants to talk to you, Dylan."
I hastily turned off the razor and placed it on the sink. I grabbed the phone from Kyle's hand and started to walk out of the bathroom. Just as I was about to exit, I remembered what Sam had initially wanted to do as the prank that year. I pressed the phone against my shirt to muffle any sound before leaning in next to Sam.
"If you try to shave his head... No, if I even hear that razor turn on at all, I'm telling Mom there was an emergency and she needs to come home right away. There goes your shot at hooking up with your ex at the party."
Sam rolled his eyes, but I could tell that he wasn't going to risk it. Chip was still widely smiling as he rode the wave of the THC and booze in his system. I closed the door as I exited the bathroom to make sure my mom wouldn't hear if Chip said anything.
It was a fairly average conversation. My mom asked about Chip and reiterated that she was devastated to be missing his birthday. I tried to reassure her that he seemed to really understand, and was fine with celebrating the next day. I had learned to not try too hard to redirect her or cut her off, since that made her suspicious.
I made sure to listen for the sound of the electric razor. I knew that I would be able to hear the distinct whirring even with the shower running. I was feeling even more pissed as I realized that any buzz I had going earlier had been derailed when I'd walked into find Chip with a bottle stuck up his ass.
I halfheartedly listened while trying to act normal. At about fifteen minutes, I could tell things were wrapping up. I wished her and Dad a good night before she said goodbye; glancing at the phone after I hung up, I saw that it was already 8 p.m. I couldn't understand where the time had gone; guests were going to start arriving any minute.
I pushed the bathroom door open; it felt like it took too much energy. I dropped the phone when I realized what I was seeing. My eyes widened and I shook my head in disbelief.
Chip was standing there, slathered in white, foamy shaving cream. It was on his pecs, his crotch, his upper thighs, and his armpits. Sam was sitting on the toilet, and it looked like he was just finishing up shaving Chip's balls. The once overgrown patch of hair above Chip's massive member was completely smooth; it was so bare and pristine that it kind of reminded me of one of those plastic Ken dolls.
Kyle was on the other side of Chip's body. He was halfway through shaving his armpit. I wasn't sure if the other one had already been finished; Chip was using his right hand to hold his cock out of the way while Sam passed the razor over his tight ball sack
"Dylan!" Chip yelled before he burst out laughing. "Look! I'm so smooth!"
I couldn't help but notice that his dick was covered in shaving cream as well. I wondered if that had been intentional, or if it had just happened in the haste of trying to shave him before I returned. The smooth foam must has felt good, though; Chip was completely hard. It looked like a large, fluffy cloud sticking out from beneath his newly-exposed pale, peach-hued pubic mound.
Chip was slowly stroking himself. I didn't think he was even aware he was doing it. The only part of his dick not obscured by foam was the very tip of his mushroom-shaped cock head. There was a small string of pre-cum hanging from it; it must have dissolved the creamy lather.
"We're almost done," Sam said.
I knew I shouldn't feel the way I did, but I was over it. I was done with trying to fight Sam and Kyle while shepherding Chip like some little lost lamb.For fuck's sake,I thought to myself.He's an adult, and I can't protect him if he isn't even going to help. And, I guess he seems to be enjoying himself.Should I have cared more about how heavily Sam and Kyle had drugged him? Probably. I just couldn't.
DING DONG!
I knew it must be the first guests. I felt conflicted, but I decided to jump on the opportunity; it was a life raft that could save me from stormy seas. I looked at Chip again and reassured myself that he was fine. I knew he'd be angry and embarrassed later, but he wasn't in danger. I was certain that Sam and Kyle would never hurt him.
"Finish whatever this is and then rinse him off," I said with a shrug. "I'm going down to greet the guests. Just try to hurry up, and make sure you get him to wear something appropriate for a birthday party."
"Will do," Sam said.
I ran down the stairs and welcomed a few of Kyle's friends into the house. It wasn't going to be a huge party by any means. Chip had invited about ten people, and the rest of us had asked about three to five people each to come. Any more than that would have attracted the attention of the neighbors, who would have called my parents.
I chatted with Kyle's friends for a few minutes; then there was a knock on the door - the next batch of guests. I made the rounds welcoming people and getting them drinks. At about 8:15 p.m., Kyle came down to join the group.
"Where's Chip?" I asked.
"Sam was drying him off from the shower," he said. "He told me to come down and that they'd be down in a few minutes."
I was a little pissed at Kyle. While I didn't think he had much sense, I'd hoped that he might keep Sam in check better than I could. Sam had always wanted his respect more than mine. I knew, however, that I couldn't rightly judge him for doing the same thing I had just done.
By the time 8:30 p.m. rolled around, most of the guests had arrived. I was talking with my roommate from my freshman year of college. I was thinking about going to Chip's room to see what was going on when I saw Sam traipse down the stairs.
Sam stopped on the third-to-last step; it placed him a bit higher than everyone else in the room and made him more noticeable. He raised his fingers to his mouth and used them to let out a loud whistle. The room became hushed, aside from the music I had turned on in the background.
"Thank you for all coming tonight!" Sam yelled. "It's amazing to know that my baby brother has so many friends that want to be here to help him celebrate turning eighteen!"
There were scattered hoots and hollers from people acknowledging the milestone and their affection for Chip. I felt my stomach turn. I wasn't sure if it was my gut trying to tell me something, or if it was just guilt because Chip had ended up alone with Sam.
"Let's all give a round of applause for my amazing brother: Chip!"
The crowd went wild with people chanting Chip's name and whistling. Sam motioned something towards the top of the stairs and gave a thumbs up sign.
I watched in terror as my brother come into view. He was still completely naked. His body looked absurdly smooth and shiny. I realized that they had shaved everything from his neck down, including the soft blond down on his ass.
Chip was beaming from ear to ear. His eyes were glassy and half-open. He was covering his crotch with his hands as he lumbered down the stairs. I noticed that there was something stuck to Chip's right pec muscle; it was one of those red stick-on bows that people slap on a birthday present.
As Chip made his way next to Sam, I was mortified on his behalf. In that moment, I felt frozen, like I was watching a horror film on opening night at the theater. The cheers and chants shifted to laughter and bewildered variations of "What the fuck?"
"Hey, everyone, hey!" Sam announced. "Be nice! Chip picked this outfit especially for all of you. He was telling me that he wanted to wear just the right thing for the occasion. Tell them how you decided, Chip."
Chip made an even dopier smile. I could see his brain trying to kick into gear in spite of the alcohol and THC in his system. I could hear people in the room starting to realize that he was wasted. It felt as if as soon as they came to that conclusion, they were able to accept the reality of the bizarre situation. It was the only thing that reasonably explained what was happening.
"It's my birthday!" Chip slightly slurred, before a long pausing. "And this is my birthday suit!"
The vibe in the room shifted; people began to laugh and clap. Chip's body seemed to relax a little in reaction to their encouragement. I could see the tension leaving his shoulders.
"Nice suit, bro!" one of Sam's friends cat-called.
"Can I have that?" Sam asked. He leaned down and grabbed a bottle of beer from someone in the 'front row.'
Sam whispered something in Chip's ear. Chip removed his left hand from his crotch to accept the beer. He took a big swig. It became fairly easy to see that Chip didn't have any pubic hair. His right hand was barely covering his meaty dick; at least it was back to being flaccid.
People were starting to take out their phones to take pictures and record videos. Everyone loves to document a train wreck. A cluster of girls standing next to me were joking about whether Chip went to the same lady they went to for his Brazilian.
"A toast!" Sam shouted. "To Chip and his birthday suit!"
More people laughed while a few hollered and wolf-whistled. As Chip took a huge gulp of his beer, Sam reached down and grabbed his right wrist. He jerked his arm over his head in an apparent pose of victory. Chip's girthy, seven-inch flaccid cock was on full display. It looked even more pronounced next to his shiny smooth pubic mound.
Chip was oblivious. It was as if he didn't register that his right hand had been the last thing covering him. A wave of cheers overtook the room as people applauded the fact that the last obstacle to Chip's exposure had been removed. Chip looked genuinely happy.
After a few seconds, Sam let go of Chip's wrist. I'm not sure what happened; it was as if any of his remaining self-consciousness vanished. Chip didn't even bother trying to cover himself again. I wondered if he was so out of it that he wasn't registering everything that was going on.
Sam ushered Chip down the last few steps. The party shifted back to a pseudo-normal state. Lots of the pairings and small groups didn't seem to care about the spectacle. I tried to imagine some frat party where a wasted, naked guy was just roaming around. I supposed I could.
Some people were making their way over to Chip, though, like he was chum that had been thrown into a tank of hungry sharks. I could see that some of them were taking photos of him or caressing his biceps. I felt like I had to at least try one more time.
I pushed my way through the crowd. It was harder than expected, as people were jockeying for the best access. Sam was still standing by Chip's side, acting as a sort of puppet master. I eventually sidled up next to my baby brother.
"Dylan!" he announced for what felt like the fiftieth time that night.
"Bro, I think you need to go put something on," I pleaded. "I really think you're going to regret this tomorrow."
For a moment, it seemed like he was registering what I was saying - like he could tell that I was anxious on his behalf. He reached over to my bicep and squeezed it through my shirt.
"You don't have to worry, Dylan!" he slurred. "It's my birthday suit. Everyone loves my birthday suit."
"Chip..." I began before Sam cut me off.
"Everyone loves the birthday suit, right?" he asked the onlookers desperate to be close to the spectacle.
Of course, they boisterously agreed with Sam. Chip nodded with excitement; he looked like the cat that got the cream. I knew that, in that specific group of people, he wasn't going to be dissuaded. A friend of Kyle's pushed past me.
"Can I get a picture?" she asked.
"Of course!" Chip replied.
She handed her friend the camera. I was sure she wanted the full body shot that highlighted his seemingly incompatible shiny, hairless body and oversized horse cock.
"Is it okay if we do a couple poses?" she asked.
Before he could reply, she placed her hand between his massive pecs and rubbed them as if to show how smooth he was. She managed to spin him around so that his muscular backside was facing the camera. He went with it like a life-like doll. She whispered something in his ear, and he nodded. I watched as she removed the red bow from his chest and gently stuck it to his left ass cheek.
Her friend took a few pictures and then she spun him back around. Chip was chuckling at the situation. It seemed like he was enjoying being fawned over by so many people, although I know he couldn't truly understand what was happening.
"Should I put the bow back on your chest?" she asked.
"Anywhere is fine," Chip slurred.
I backed out of the crowd; I couldn't stay in the feeding frenzy, but, even as I tried to distract myself by talking with my friends, I felt compelled to watch from across the room.
Chip continued to act as a poseable nude model; Sam egged everyone on as they manipulated his limbs. People were moving the bow all over Chip's body, using it as an excuse to touch him. It was the fourth young woman who crossed a major barrier. She took the bow from where it had been stuck on Chip's abs and placed it in the middle of the wide shaft of his dangling dick. Chip seemed to think it was pretty funny. So did a lot of the people next up for their turn with him; the bow stayed there for a while.
The crowd around him thinned out after about forty-five minutes, but the handful of people who lingered were clearly interested in pushing the limits. They were rubbing his nipples, pinching his perky behind, and subtly caressing his dick whenever they put the bow back on it.
I had been looking away for a few minutes when a gasp from that direction drew my attention again. I glanced over to see that Chip was completely hard. I pushed through the crowd to better assess the situation. His dick was eleven inches!At least he'll always have porn as a fallback in life, I wryly thought to myself. He seemed more amused than anything at the fact that it had gotten hard.
"It has a mind of its own," Chip chuckled with a shrug. "I'm getting a little tired, Sam."
I used that as my opportunity to jump into the fray. If I couldn't get him dressed, I could just convince him to go to bed. There were already going to be so many photos and videos that would follow him for his entire adult life.
"If you're tired, why don't you let me take you to bed?" I said.
"I'm notsleepytired," he replied. "I'mneed to sit downtired."
Sam swooped in and convinced him that taking a rest on the couch would be just what he needed. He grabbed Chip by the arm and directed him towards the beaten-up beige sofa. Chip sunk into the sagging cushions.
He immediately went into a sort of trance halfway between sleep and consciousness. He'd nod and grunt if people spoke to him, but he couldn't do much else. It wasn't like he'd been that articulate earlier, but he'd at least been able to form a sentence.
After a few minutes, the spectacle seemed to die down. Nobody was trying to talk with Chip, but a few more people took candid pictures as they walked past him. The fact that his dick didn't seem to be softening as the minutes ticked by drew some continued interest.
Time got away from me again; when next I checked a clock, it was 11:30pm. Looking around, I saw that about half the guests had left. A lot of them still lived at home and had curfews. We were down to the last dozen or so.
Without any warning, Sam suddenly became a whirlwind of activity. He rushed into the kitchen for a few minutes, then returned with a small, frosted cake. It looked like the kind that could serve about six people. He made a bee-line for the couch, where Chip was still sitting in a stupor.
"Everyone, gather around for some cake!" he commanded.
About half the people ignored him; the rest made their way over to where he was standing next to Chip. I heard the guy next to me commenting that Chip must be having a good dream. I noticed that his dick was twitching just a little. I couldn't tell if he was actually asleep though; he was still upright, and his eyes were still open - though barely.
As Sam perched next to Chip on the sofa, I could already imagine him slamming the cake into our younger brother's face. I had tried to stop so many things that evening that had been far worse; I decided that I wasn't going to war over a cake in the kisser.
"Chip, Chip!" Sam said shaking his shoulder.
"Jessica," Chip moaned. "Do it, Jessica."
Chip reached down and grabbed his thick, firm cock by the base. A few people laughed; one girl walked away, not wanting to see where things were headed. Chip began to slowly stroke his dick as a smile spread across his face.
"I have cake, Chip!" Sam yelled.
Chip didn't seem register what Sam was saying to him. He began to rock his hips the slightest bit, which pushed his dick through the tight grasp of his right hand.
"Oh, Jessica," he moaned.
Sam placed the cake on the coffee table. He stuck his index finger into the whipped white frosting. It looked like the kind that would make your teeth ache. He rubbed just a bit onto Chip's lips. Suddenly, a little light seemed to shine in his eyes, as if the sugar had pulled him back into his body.
"Tastes good," he moaned as he continued to beat his meat.
"Oh, shit!" Sam said. "I forgot a birthday candle. It seems like you have one though. Let's put it on the cake."
Everyone laughed uncomfortably as Sam positioned the cake in front of Chip's crotch. As he was thrusting, Sam centered it so that Chip's cock head pushed a solid inch into the fluffy frosting. As he pulled back, the frosting stayed plastered to the tip of his cock. I rolled my eyes as Sam place the cake back on the coffee table.
Chip looked down at his dick as if confounded by the situation. He stopped rocking his hips, but kept his hand fully secure around the base of his cock. His eyes were still glassy; they seemed hungry in a way I hadn't seen all night. He began to lick his lips to wipe away the last remnants of the frosting Sam had rubbed on them.
"So good," he moaned.
Chip began to lean towards to table, or at least that's what I thought. Then his abs contracted as he hunched way forward. It all happened so quickly. It only took a few seconds before Chip had managed to slip the first two inches of his frosting-covered dick into his mouth.
There was a stunned silence; people couldn't even register what was happening. Chip's tongue slid past the boundary of his lips and circled the circumference of his cock head. His smile became bigger. He quickly pulled the tip back between his supple lips; he sucked away all the frosting just like he was nursing on a bottle.
"Oh, Jessica," he somehow moaned, in spite of his mouth being preoccupied. "Suck it, baby."
He began to stroke himself; his mouth kicked into a higher level of action. I couldn't accept that my baby brother was sucking himself off, and I definitely couldn't believe I was watching him do it. His ravenous mouth was trying to take in more of his cock head; he began to thrust his hips upwards to get it to go a little deeper.
Sam pulled out his phone and started recording; others followed suit. The room stayed dead silent; what had started as mortifying became downright eerie. Drool spilled from Chip's mouth and flooded down his throbbing shaft. The sugar-saliva combination acted as lube as he continued to pump away.
Sam jammed his camera in for a close-up of Chip's dick, which was slipping in and out of his lips. Chip seemed to realize that something was invading his space, so he stopped for just a moment with his cock still nestled between his lips. He seemed to make eye contact with Sam, but I don't think he understood the full extent of what was happening.
"Is that good?" Sam asked.
Chip let out a blissful moan before quickly going back to work on this dick. His head began to bob more rapidly, and his breathing became shallower.
I could see that his cock was twitching in his hand; it was practically vibrating. It was bright red from all the oral attention and stroking. I knew what was coming - and who was about to - and that it would be something that Chip might never live down. I should have intervened, but I also didn't want to be filmed trying to pry Chip's throbbing cock out of his desperate mouth. That was something I'd never have been able to live down.
Chip's shiny, shaved nuts suddenly pulled really tight against his body. It almost looked as if they might retract into his abdomen. He started stroking more frantically, but then he stopped, opting instead to try to cram as much of his cock head into his mouth as he could. He let out a loud, guttural, partially-cock-muffled moan.
I could see the exposed part of my little brother's massive cock frantically spasming. It looked like a hose struggling to pump out too much liquid through a narrow opening. Chip seemed to be trying to hold it in place with the firm pucker of his mouth.
Without warning, thick gobs of cum started to spill past his lips as he pursed them around his cock head. Morbid curiosity made me wonder if he was trying to swallow but it was too much, or if he was just letting it spill out as he came. Only Chip knew the answer to that question, and I wasn't even sure he'd remember it later. I hoped he wouldn't.
He stopped stroking and held his mouth in place for a few more seconds. When he finally pulled away, a trickle of jizz oozed out over his lower lip and spilled down onto his chest. He looked bewildered.
"That frosting was... not so good," he said.
Sam burst into laughter; it only took a second for that to break the creepy silence that had descended upon the small crowd. Some giggled, others mocked, and most made comments about how they couldn't believe what they'd just seen. I was right there with them, though I remained silent; I couldn't accept that I'd just watched my baby brother gooning out while sucking frosting off of his own cock.
Chip's eyes slowly shuttered as he finally gave into the urge to sleep. Sam took a few more passes over his unconscious body with his phone's camera, including close-ups of the jizz dripping from his lower lip. It was just like him to want a documentary's worth of evidence, but I'd never before realized just how little he cared about anyone else's dignity.
Everyone other than Sam quickly shuffled away; some of them still had a shred of conscience, I supposed, and it had started to bother them. The remaining attendees went back to partying, which mainly entailed drinking the rest of the booze I had purchased.
After a few minutes, Sam grew tired of filming and joined his remaining friends. Chip laid in the same position for the following hour without moving a muscle. I would have worried that he wasn't breathing if it wasn't for the fact the he would sporadically start snoring for short periods of time.
Once he was alone, I took a moment to check in on him. Even if I had failed him as a brother, I still felt compelled to make sure he was okay. I walked over and shook him until his eyes flickered open.
"Are you okay, bro?" I asked.
"I'd never done that before," he said with a slight grin. "I liked it."
Before I could even think how to respond, his eyes had closed again. I felt a tenderness for him in that moment. I couldn't even fathom that he'd just found out he could blow himself while being watched by a room full of revelers. I grabbed a shawl from the back of the rocking chair and draped it over his body. I knew, however, that it was too little, too late.
After the humiliation of Chip had concluded, Sam and Kyle chose to also get trashed. They split half a bottle of tequila between the two of them. I was just waiting for the party to be over at that point; I resisted the urge to kick everyone out.
At around 2 a.m., the last of the hardcore stragglers said their farewells. Sam wouldn't stop complaining to them about what a "bitch" his ex was for not coming after she had promised to attend. He reeked of melancholy and desperation. Kyle, on the other hand, seemed ready to go pass out in his bed.
Sam, Kyle, and I were left standing next to one another by the front door after the last guest left. I asked if we should try to force Chip into a shower and put him to bed. The consensus was that it would be better to just let him sleep it off in the living room. Kyle reminded me that our parents weren't going to return until after noon, so we'd have plenty of time to rouse Chip and clean up in the morning.
We all went our separate ways: Kyle to his room, Sam to the guestroom, and me to Chip's room, since he was on the couch I'd planned on taking.
DING! DING! DING! DING!
I tried to ignore that erratic electronic cacophony; I was too tired, and I wasn't ready to wake up yet. I reached over and grabbed my phone from the bedside table. My vision was still blurry as I pulled the device to my face.
"Holy shit! Is that your little brother, Chip?"
"Damn, I should have gone to that party! Your brother is hot!"
"I guess I'm never eating birthday cake again, haha."
There was a deluge of text messages, as well as notification of comments on my social media. My stomach dropped; I already knew what I'd find. I clicked into various photos albums with pictures from the party. It didn't take long to see images of Chip posing naked with various people. The only saving grace was that they'd obscured his dick with various censors, like an eggplant and smiley face emojis, since they didn't want their accounts deleted. There were still plenty of uncensored pictures of Chip's muscular ass though.
I went further down the rabbit hole. I found an album created by one of the last people to leave the party. It included several images of Chip hunched over with his pixelated cock jammed between his lips. The most embarrassing image, though, had to be his disoriented face with a mouthful of cum dripping from his lips. I had a gut feeling that it would become a popular image; it could be used by anyone wanting to join in on the mockery, even if they didn't want to post naked pictures of my baby brother.
Below the pictures were tons of comments making fun of Chip. A single user was replying to most of them with a link and the words, "If you want to see more...". I hesitated for a moment, but I eventually clicked it.
I was redirected to an amateur porn site to a video called, "Eighteen-Year-Old Gives Himself Birthday Blowjob." It started playing on its own after a short advertisement. I watched a few seconds before turning it off. I felt sick to my stomach. I was mortified for Chip, and I was sick when I recognize that the video was the one that had been taken by Sam. I knew that I'd have to confront him about how it ended up posted on the internet.
I walked downstairs in my boxers; it was still 8:30a.m. I was certain that I was the only one awake at that hour. I expected to find Chip zonked out on the couch, so I was amazed when he wasn't there. I wondered if he'd gone upstairs to shower.
I desperately needed to piss; after all, I'd drank a fair amount at the party. I walked towards the downstairs guest bathroom. The door was slightly cracked open; I could hear someone moaning inside. I positioned myself so I could peek inside.
Chip was seated on the closed toilet lid; he was still naked and looked worse for wear. He had his hands wrapped under his thighs and was pulling himself so that his cock head was gliding in and out of his mouth. I'm sure he was still partly intoxicated after being plied with so much alcohol the night before. He must not have been able to resist using his newfound skill to rid him of his morning wood. I couldn't judge him for it.
I thought about interrupting to tell him that we probably needed to start cleaning up before our parents came home...but I didn't. I knew that he'd soon come crashing down to reality, once I filled in any gaps in his memory. Even worse, he'd realize that it had all been posted online. As my little bro's moaning intensified, I decided that the least I could do was let him enjoy his second-ever blowjob without disturbing him. I slowly walked over to the sofa and sat down. I didn't expect that it would take him long to finish; after all, he was barely eighteen years old.