Somewhere in central Ohio, I looked over at my sexy little sub as she stares out the passenger window at the landscape streaming by. She has her wavy brown hair down over her shoulders, covering the spaghetti strap tank top she is wearing. An appropriate summer complement, the flowery, loose miniskirt covers only part of her muscular legs. Not even breaking five feet tall, she comfortably has her legs crossed in her seat. I place my hand on her exposed thigh. Her skin is smooth and warm as I expect her entire lower body to be because I had instructed her to make sure she was smooth shaven before we left the hotel this morning.
She looks at me, and we exchange smiles. She lays her hand on mine, and I turn my head back to the road. There are not many cars on this stretch of highway, so I start looking for a place to pull over that is close to the dense brush that lines the road. Finding a suitable area, I slow down, and start to ease the car to side of the road.
"Sir, why are you stopping?" My sub asks.
"Put your shoes on," I respond directly.
"Yes, Sir." My sub obeys instantly, and begins to slide her feet into the tennis shoes on the floor.
When the car stops, I remove the keys, get out, and walk around to the rear passenger side door while my sub laces up her shoes. I pull out a small string bag that I had ready for the occasion. Lying next to it are my sub's collar and leash. With her shoes on and tied, she gets out of the car, shuts the door, and faces me awaiting direction.
"Turn around," I tell her. She does.
I reach over her, placing the collar on her neck, and snap it closed underneath her hair on the back of her neck. I then affix the leash to the D-ring on the front of her collar. I swing the bag onto my back, grab the end of the leash, and say, "Walk with me." I lock the car, and we begin down the grassy slope toward the trees.
I lead her into the trees through a small opening. I hold a thick branch of leaves up high for her. The area is very densely wooded, and I cannot see through to another road or establishment. I pull a bright red cloth out of my pocket and hang it on the branch to mark where we entered. I only have a couple of those, but I plan on walking a good distance. I lead her on through the trees, trying to avoid fallen branches that she might trip on. I constantly look back to make sure I can still see the red cloth. When it begins to look very small, I stop and hang an orange one. We change direction, and walk another 50 feet or so. Looking back, I can see the orange cloth, but it is small. I tell my sub to stop, and I remove her leash. She waits obediently for her next instruction.
"Put your hands up," I say. She raises her arms straight over her head. I grab the bottom of her tank top, and pull it up over her head and off her arms. I hang it high on the tree next to us. She puts her hands down, and her exposed breasts fall just a little bit. I enjoy the view for a moment as she stands topless before me. She gives me a small, naughty grin. She has always been very uneasy about being undressed outdoors, but it appears that her apprehension is making it all the more fun. I restrain myself from groping her right now. We will be having plenty of fun soon.
I attach her leash and command, "Let's go," as I give a tug on her leash. I keep track of the faded green top as we move. As it begins to get smaller, I find a good tree for our next marker. I motion for her stop, and she does. I grab her hips, and pull her close to me. I look down into her eyes, as I search for what I want. I locate the zipper on the side of her skirt and open it. I slide it down her legs, and she steps out. I stand and hang the white length of cloth on the branch.
I reach around her and plant my hand firmly on her bare ass and give it a good squeeze. "Good girl," I say, taking note of the black and white lace thong I had instructed that she wear this morning. Seeing her so exposed has gotten me noticeably aroused. She looks down at the bulge in my shorts, and smiles broadly. She loves to see that she is pleasing me. She reaches out and rubs my cock through my shorts, but I smack her hand away.
"Were you given permission to touch my cock?" I ask.
"No, Sir," she says quietly, but still with her naughty grin. I know she wants to be punished, and she certainly will be.
"Walk," I command, and I pull her leash. The trees become slightly less dense as we walk, so we can go a bit farther from our last marker. Every time I look back, I make sure to glance down at my sub, watching her tits bounce as she hops over the uneven ground. Her strong legs look long and sexy with nothing to cover them. It is getting exceedingly hard for me to resist, so I make her stop.
"It looks like this will be our last checkpoint," I say, and she preempts me. She slides her fingers under the string of her thong, and slips it down over her tennis shoes. She stands up and holds the scanty piece of cloth out in front of her. I take it from her, grabbing the white, silky crotch. It is soaked through. She smiles at me proudly as I hang it on the nearest branch. I slide my hand down her abs to her smooth pussy. I rub her gently making sure she was thorough in her shaving this morning. "Good girl," I say as I pull her leash up toward me bringing her face to mine, and I kiss her firmly. I dip my middle finger between her smooth lips feelings her wetness. I drag my finger up over her clit getting small moan from her. I break the kiss, and lick my finger. "Delicious," I say. She beams proudly again.
"Come," I say as I lead her to our final destination. I scan the trees in front of us for the right one. I see a good one, and divert our path. The large beech tree is thick enough so that she could not wrap her hands all the way around, and its smooth bark makes it ideal for my plans. I lead her to the tree and tell her, "Put you hands high on the tree, spread your legs, and bend over." She complies, and I give her a good smack on her tight, round ass as I walk behind her. I drop the bag off my shoulders, and kneel down behind her. I look up to admire the view. With her legs spread wide, I can see the drops of wetness squeezing out between her lips. Her leash dangles from her neck, and she keeps her head facing forward like a good sub. I dig around in the bag, and find a length of rope. I stand and grab her left hand off the tree. I slide the pre-tied cuff around her wrist. I pass behind the tree and grab her other hand. I pull the rope tight so she is forced to step forward, and her tits are presses up against the tree. I use the loose end of the rope to tie her other wrist tightly, but not painfully.
I slide my left hand up her arm, across her back and down the other arm as I move behind her, and press her against the tree with my body. My hard cock, desperate for attention presses into the small of her back. I reach my right hand up to her neck and brush her hair back behind her shoulder. I lean down to give her a soft, sensual kiss on the neck, and I detach the leash from her collar.
I step away and go back to the bag. I put down the leash and pull out a small rubber ball gag. I go back to her and command, "Open your mouth." She complies. I shove ball into her mouth and attach the ends behind her head.
"We don't want to be attracting too much attention when you scream, now do we?" I whisper in her hear.
"uh. huh," is all I get, which I assume to mean, "No, Sir."
I step back and admire my specimen. Her strong shoulders pulled tight across the breadth of the tree, her round ass pushed out away from the tree, opening her pussy for me to see with her legs still spread as she has been commanded. I grab my belt buckle, open it, and pull my belt out of my shorts. She knows the sound, and I can see her tense up in anticipation.
"You overstepped your bounds a minute ago, my little slut." I tell her while I fold the belt in half. "I know you did it intentionally, and such a thing does not go unnoticed."
I step forward, raise my hand, and bring the broad, cloth belt sharply across her ass. She whimpers and recoils as it stings her cheeks. Just as she relaxes, I bring it down on her ass again, and again, and again. I continue to whip her up and down her ass, watching it grow redder, listening to her whimpers grow louder. I pause and wind up for one more. I bring it down harder than the rest, and she screams and clutches the tree. Her head is turned slightly away from the tree and I can see that her eyes have begun to tear up. I drop the belt and walk up behind her. Gently caressing the abuses areas, I pull her hair aside and kiss her softly on the cheek. "I think you have learned your lesson, my little slut," I say to her. She nods her head slowly.
I slowly move my right hand off her ass cheek between her legs. As my hand is just underneath her pussy, I feel a drop of warm liquid fall onto my fingers. "So you did enjoy that? You dirty little girl," I growl into her ear. I see a little bit of a smile form in her cheeks, as much as the gag will allow. I pull my hand up into her dripping sex, and easily plunge two fingers inside of her. She is hot and tight, but her excessive juices let my fingers slide smoothly in and out of her. She lets out a long moan as I pump my fingers into her cunt roughly. I pull them out, and wipe her juices on her inner thigh.
I walk back to bag, and pull out her vibrator. I twist the knob to turn it on and let her hear her next form of torture. I step back to her with the vibrator running at full speed in my hand. She becomes very fidgety at this point. She is looking over her shoulder can see me just holding her favorite toy a few feet behind her. She pushes her hips out, beckoning the vibe closer to her waiting sex. I slowly move it toward her. I drag the tip slowly across her sensitive ass cheeks, down her inner thigh, and just around her throbbing pussy. The whole time she chases the vibrations with her sex. When she starts moving too much, I use my free hand to give her a good smack on her ass. She recoils and freezes. "Hold still," I command.
The heat starts getting to me, and I remove my shirt. She relaxes a bit, but keeps her hips where they are. I put the vibrator back up against her inner thigh. She begins to shake, but she does not move her hips. I drag it slowly up toward her sex. Seeing that she is obediently holding still, I put it where she wants it, and I bury the vibrating tip between her wet lips. She lets out a loud moan. "Do you like that, my slut?" I ask. "mmhmmmph," she manages to reply. I put my other hand on her hip, and pull her ass out opening her pussy even more. I quickly slide vibrator up into her hole to get it lubed, then let it down and rest it just under her clit. Her moaning is almost constant now, only broken for her to breathe. She shifts just a little bit, and I pull it back even farther. She starts to chase the vibrator again, so I pull it away and give her a hard smack on her ass.
She whimpers loudly, but no explanation is needed. I put the vibe back into her sex and the moaning starts again. I slowly slide it forward under her clit, until the tip is just vibrating her sensitive love button. I press the vibrator in harder right where she likes, and hold it there. Her moaning has gotten even louder. I move the vibrator back and forth, hitting all sides of her swollen clit. After a few minutes of this, she begins to shake while she fights back an orgasm.
While pressing the vibe even harder into her clit, I ask, "Are you ready to cum, my slut?"
"MMHMMM!" She replies, nodding her head furiously.
"Good, then hold it." I say. She lets out a scream of a whimper. She knows she won't be able to hold out much longer, but if she cums before I give her permission she will be punished even harder this time. Holding the vibe on her clit, I twist the speed back so it is barely vibrating. Her pitiful whimper is even louder this time. I tease her only for a second before I pull it away. A long string of her juices follow the vibrator. Her wetness has gotten me even more aroused. While she clutches the tree, shaking and whimpering, I remove my shorts and boxers, letting my throbbing cock free. She can see me over her shoulder and I hear her moan when she sees my large cock.
"Does my little slut want to be fucked by this huge cock?" I ask.
"Mmmhmm," she whimpers through her gag.
"Good, because this cock has been waiting to pound this tight little pussy."
I step up behind her, and my cock again presses into the small of her back. She pushes out against me. I react immediately to the pressure. I pull back and drop my shaft between her legs. I reach the vibrator around her, turn it back on high, and put it on her clit while I ease my swollen head between her soaking lips. Her juices lube my cock, but her pussy is so tight, I have to force my way in. Once fully buried inside of her, I stop and compose myself, letting her adjust to my size. I start pumping slowly, still holding the vibrator against her clit. I can feel the vibrations in my cock, and it feels incredible. With the other hand on her hip, I start to pump in and out of her even faster. I pump faster and faster until I am slamming into her red ass cheeks with a hard slap on every stroke. Her moans grow louder and more uneven as the sound bounces while I fuck her.
"Are you going to cum for me, my slut?" I ask as I approach my limit.
"MM-MM—HMMM!!" She moans through her gag.
"Then cum with me!" I shout as I shoot my load deep inside her. She screams as we both clench up, and I bury my cock as deep as I can. I drop the vibrator, and it stops. I lean against her without pulling out of her. I pull the velcro on her gag, and it falls away. I release her wrist restraints and lower her arms down to her body. I wrap my arms around her, my cock still buried, and our mixed juices dripping onto the forest floor. She turns her head toward me, and I kiss her panting mouth.
"I love you," I whisper between gasping breaths.
"I love you," she whispers back. We hold each other there, hearing only the sound of our own breathing. I slowly pull out of her, and we both sigh with release. She turns around, and I lift her up so she can hold on to me with her arms and legs. Standing there naked, we hold each other as we recover. She drops down, and I open the bag to grab a towel to clean us off. We wipe our juices off each other, collect our things, and I get dressed.
We start walking, holding hands while she wears nothing but tennis shoes and her collar. As we get to each checkpoint, I dress her piece by piece. We emerge from the forest, coming in view of the road. The drivers speeding by probably have no inclination of recent love affair, but this sexy little girl in a miniskirt and a sub's collar would make my mind wander. I open the door for her, and she sits gently on her sore ass. After I put the bag back in the back seat, I get in the drivers seat, start the car, and get back on the road toward home. I lay my hand on her exposed thigh, and she lays her hand on top of mine. After her abuse, she is my special girl, but she leaves her collar on as another reminder along with the ring on her finger that she is mine and mine only.