This is a continuation of Tom's story but a stand alone, a fantasy spin-off. You don't need to read the other parts but that doesn't mean you can't if you wish to. It is NOT just a mom and son fuck story. It includes other characters, voyeurism and just more than a hint of pure undiluted fun.
All characters are 18+
Kate was happy. She had spent a couple of hours on the Internet trying to find a suitable holiday apartment for her and Tom. Her luck was in! Out of the blue a cancellation popped up. The English owners of a chalet on the edge of the Tremblade forest in Charente-Maritime, South West France, seemed ideal. She emailed the owners, transferred the discounted rental money, and the holiday was booked.
'Just one thing you need to be aware of, came the reply. There is a nudist campsite nearby and several of the beaches are clothing optional.'
Kate smiled again. This could be quite an eye-opener for both of them. She was due a holiday from work anyway; they would need to rearrange a couple of appointments but her holiday leave request was granted.
Just recently things had got on top of her. Persuading someone with a lifelong dread of dentists that all was safe was, at times, nigh impossible, even with the help of hypnosis. Whether the thought of being hypnotised and controlled by a female might be the reason why some male patients became unwittingly aroused, she did not know. But it happened, and that alone made some days worthwhile. Other days needed great mental strength and concentration, making her tired and stressed. She needed the break, and it would give her chance to make Tom's summer break special too.
The drive down to Portsmouth wasn't too big a deal. Tom had a driving licence but only drove mom's car occasionally. From St Malo they drove an hour each alternately to a cheap stopover hotel south of Brittany. Mom didn't need hypno charm in the small hotel room. With nowhere much to hide mom simply stripped off in front of Tom, making the most of an impromptu striptease to seduce her son.
Tom didn't need any encouragement, he allowed mom to undress him. Both naked and with no-one to interrupt them they stood, first hugging then kissing, naked boy against naked mom.
"Why can't it be always like this, Tom?" She asked, not expecting a reply.
Despite the drive, the crossing and the further drive south, neither was tired, or at least admitting tiredness. The tiny hotel room was theirs, the only entertainment, save a small tv, was their own. Why waste time?
"I love you mom," Tom's first admission. He proved that by rising to the occasion. Mom's breasts nestled comfortably against his man nipples.
Mom's mouth, unspeaking, told Tom that she loved him too. Unspeaking because her mouth was open at its widest, her tongue playing games against his.
It took mere seconds for Tom's cock to swell. It took only seconds more for it to reach its fullest. The pressure of his blood flooding inside it made it appear it would burst. Of course it didn't.
Mom's love chamber was juicing nicely. She could sense the lubrication freely flowing.
"Please."
That was the only word she needed. Laid as comfortably as she could on the thin, hard mattress, she allowed Tom to enter her.
"Tom," she started. Her voice trailed off.
Tom, afraid to hurt mom, moved slowly at first. Inch by inch was buried deeper and deeper inside her. She drew in her breath, still not completely used to his length and his thickness.
"Tom ... that's so good. Fuck me, fuck me Tom. Fuck me hard. I need you so much."
Bit by bit, Tom built up speed. He thrust faster and faster until his mom, the mom he loved so much, needed to draw in gulps of air.
"Tom, oh Tom." Her only words as she felt that sexual tension build up inside her. "Mom." Like the script from a cheap budget love movie.
Mom's building passion urged him to speed up more. Unused to the exercises placed on his muscles, his legs threatened to cramp. He ignored it, determined to prove he was no longer a youth but a man.
His determination paid off and his own body responses kicked in. His orgasm built rapidly. Just one more spurt of energy and they both peaked together. Tom's cum shot through his ram-rod deep inside mom's pleasure cave.
Kate just could not believe how vast, how electric, how eternally pleasurable her orgasm could be. It ripped through her, leaving her shaking from its force.
They needed no sheet or blanket in the warm French summer night. Spent but still tingling they slept, spooned naked together on top of the bed covers until morning came.
The breakfast fare was nothing special, but they dined on baguettes, a French version of cornflakes or chocolate pops, warm long-life milk, toast and jam, and biscuits washed down with strong black coffee. Setting off early they took to the toll-free roads, stopping off for lunch in a chain restaurant just off the mainroute nationale.
Towards late afternoon they had completed most of their journey. However, passing through kilometer upon kilometer of open countryside meant there were no rest areas. Tom was bursting for a pee, with mom trying hard to hold off too. There was a small picnic area ahead with room for just 3 or 4 cars. Kate pulled in, next to a car displaying Dutch plates. With no sign of a driver, Kate assumed he or she had gone for a short walk as a break from driving.
The 2 picnic tables were on the edge of a small wooded area. Both Tom and mom had the same idea.
"Tom." It was one of mom's orders, not requests, "Find somewhere I can't be seen from the road."
"But mom ..."
"Don't argue. I've already dampened my panties. And I don't want somewhere that I'll scratch myself."
Tom looked. "Here."
Kate walked over. " Now stay there in case someone comes by."
"It's an empty road."
"So watch for the driver of the Dutch car."
It was pointless talking. Mom's panties were off, in her hand. Grabbing Tom's arm and with her skirt hiked up she hovered, warm piss streaming noisily on to the grass. Tom wondered just how anyone could hold so much pee in their bladder.
Maybe it was the pressure of urine in his bladder but being by mom while she pissed was having an effect on him. The flow slowly ceased. Then mom's butt cheeks bobbed up and down. She wiped herself with the already damp panties.
With the sheer intimacy of what he'd seen and heard, such a 'private' but everyday thing, Tom's cock was now swollen hard.
"TOM! Behave yourself!" Mom scolded.
Behave himself? It was curiosity, pure curiosity he told himself. How did women do it without a tube to flow out of. Where was it hidden? And why did his sister need a friend in the bathroom to talk to while she peed? It must, he thought, be a private place to exchange gossip.
Kate went carefully back to the car, panties in hand. Tom had to wait a short while until his erection subsided before he could pee.
Suddenly he heard a noise, a low moan, from further within the trees. Walking carefully he saw a small patch of open ground, a grassed area. In there was a travel rug, a waterproofed blanket for picnics. On the travel rug were a man and woman, presumably from the Dutch car, engrossed in themselves. Still mostly clothed, the guy was slow fucking the woman. Another moan escaped her lips.
Time stood still as Tom stood in awe. Whilst he couldn't see clearly, he could see enough for his cock to be rock solid again.
Suddenly, realising mom would wonder where he was, Tom moved away, waiting yet again for his erection to subside. Having finally emptied his bladder, Tom was surprised at the sensitivity his cock had gained. Nothing else to do, he thought, but to return to his hiding place. Watching, and listening to the couple, it took only seconds for him to shoot his load.
"What happened, Tom?"
"Oh, I found the car driver and his companion. They were ..." He couldn't spit out the word 'fucking'. "I admit I stopped to watch."
"TOM!" said mom. "That's private!"
She paused. "Where are they?"
They both made their way, as quiet as field mice, to the spot.
"Stand behind me."
Tom obeyed.
She took his left hand, placed it on her breast, took his right hand and placed it on her pussy.
Tom needed no instruction. With nimble movements of his fingers, Kate's climax came almost as fast as his had. It was very muted, but the memory of the couple fucking remained in her sex brain, to be retrieved later.
"For heaven's sake Tom, stop sniffing your fingers.'
Tom still couldn't understand why the scent was so arousing. He couldn't remember it being mentioned in biology lessons. Tom found it so addictive it was perhaps for the good he wasn't driving.
Early evening they arrived at their holiday chalet. Collecting the key from reception, Kate was amazed to find a day pass in the welcome pack. Not just any free day pass but a chance to sample the hospitality of the nudist camp next door!
Maybe a publicity stunt to gain new members, Kate was sure the offer was not going to be wasted. Driving for the last hour or so without panties and still buzzing from the voyeuristic thrill, Kate was ready for whatever the evening presented her. A meal though first, and a drink to kick off the holiday. The chalet was in a small complex, with an expensive but convenient mini supermarket. Kate wasn't too bothered about brands, the localvin de tablewould do. 2 bottles of plonk plus food they'd brought from home would see them through
There was still plenty of time in the day to take a short walk around the area. They passed the nudist site, surrounded by its high fencing, and arrived at the forest walk to the beach. Five minutes later they were walking along the edge of the water, hand in hand. For all anyone knew, Kate could have been walking with her toy boy, lovers taking an evening stroll.
Lovers they were. Tom had learned much from his mom since his last day at the school. Kate was determined not to be possessive. As long as he was there to fuck her, tease her, finger or lick her, he could look at and admire any young lady her pleased.
A short way along the beach was a sign, in French, English and German.


Attention

Plage naturiste Strand FKK

Nudist bathing allowed on this

section of the beach only

There were still a few couples, and a few solo males and females determined to make the absolute most of the hot day. Indeed, there were one or two still in the sea.
In this particular part of France the sea is often rough, the 'cote sauvage'.Swimming can either be fun or dangerous, but most people stayed within a few metres of the beach. Watching the swimmers and splashers was fun. Old wrinkled skins and the smoothness of youth bathed together.
"Come on Tom, it's been a tiring day. Screw your eyeballs back in and we'll come again tomorrow."
There was still plenty of daylight to take a longer walk back through the forest. They arrived back at the chalet complex.
Only the French know how to cook French Fries to perfection. Couple that with merguez sausage wrapped in a freshly cut chunk of baguette, a splash of Dijon mustard, and you have fast food French style. Two glasses of the local wine, OK two LARGE glasses later, mom and son hit the sack. Five minutes afterwards, cuddled comfortably together they were fast asleep.
*****
It was 5.32am by the small travel alarm clock. Dull daylight dimly lit the bedroom and sleep dulled Tom's brain. His ram-rod was solid, pushing into the tight space just below mom's butt cheeks. He needed to pee.
Disoriented by the unfamiliarity of the room, he waited a couple of minutes more before rising. During the early hours he'd had a familiar dream, that of being in the classroom with his poker solid and growing like Pinocchio's nose. He hadn't cum - or at least he thought he hadn't.
Just before he woke, another dream was very much in his memory: he'd been at the pee stop, in the bushes, watching the Dutch couple. The woman had her tee-shirt hitched up, displaying a pair of small beautiful tits. This time, though, a twig had snapped underfoot. The guy, cum dripping from the end of his cock, had jumped up and turned round in anger. Tom had stopped wanking mid stroke, turned around and run for the car.
Tom waited until his erection had subsided, then went to the bathroom. Having relieved himself he returned to bed. The next he knew it was 8.30am. Mom had gone.
Five minutes later she came back with breakfast supplies from the mini-mart. They ate and made plans. Still early, they went into the nearby village for a walk around and more supplies.
"Did you sleep well?" asked mom.
"Mostly," Tom answered, "Except for needing to pee."
"Any idea why there was cum between my butt cheeks when I woke?"
Tom looked sheepish, "Sorry mom."
A little after 10am the sky was blue and the day warming nicely. They strolled slowly, through the forest and around the dunes leading to the beach. Some people were already there, canvas windbreaks, parasols and towels in hand. A smaller number continued to the'plage naturiste',fussing there to get the best suntrap and their equipment in place.
Unwilling to bring windbreaks in the car, Kate had hired one. Fixed firmly in place, she laid down the beach towels and began to undress.
"Well Tom, as they say 'when in Rome ...' "
"What, now?"
"Do you want to be the odd one out?"
Mom was already topless and well on the way to being bottomless.
"I'd rather wait a while."
"OK then, make yourself useful." Mom was now totally naked. "While I'm laid here and you're trying to make your mind up, I need some factor 30 on." She passed him the bottle of sun oil. "And don't miss any bits. I don't want sunburnt tits or pussy for the next few days."
Tom thought mom sounded rather annoyed. He took the bottle. Surely she could do it herself.
Kate laid flat on the towel, waiting.
"In front of these people?"
"Did you pay for the holiday?"
"No, mom."
"Then do as I ask."
Tom had no option. He looked around but the beach was far from crowded. Kate lay back, dark sunglasses filtering the morning sun's glare.
He poured a little on to mom's chest, working in carefully around the contours of her breasts, then over and across her nipples. Kate involuntarily shivered. Tom felt his cock twitch.
Her poured more oil on her belly, quickly working his way down, lest anyone notice his shorts tenting.
"Don't miss any bits."
She opened her legs slightly. Oiling mom's freshly shaved pussy caused Tom's bean pole to grow to its maximum. He needed to lay down, hide his embarrassment . He looked around again. There were still just a few people, including a family, walking towards the nude section.
This was too much. Quickly working his oil coated finger into mom's bare pussy lips he replaced the bottle cap and lay down.
Mom still grumbled while she coated Tom's arms, back and legs with the protective oil, even trying to pull his shorts down. Tom wasn't having it. He laid down uncomfortably on his stomach. Mom's light massage had caused him to swell.
Tom thought he must have slept for a while. He sat up and reached into the cool bag for a can of lager. Looking around, the beach was rapidly filling and more people of all ages walking in a steady stream, hunting for the odd unoccupied spaces.
The large waves of the Atlantic ocean were edging nearer, narrowing the available strip of sand. Some early visitors had already retreated from the choppy waters. The lie of the sand and the lack of much slope meant that some bathers were being surrounded by water. All this meant that the beach was becoming crowded.
"Come on, Tom. It's hot. I'm not sure I want to tackle those waves on my own. Get your arse off that towel and come with me. And get those bloody shorts off. This is a nudist beach, don't be so damned shy."
Tom felt he had no choice. At least his embarrasing erection had gone.
Gone, maybe, but only temporarily. The day was now hot. There was some breeze but that too was warm.
"Look Tom," his mom pointed. There was a group of girls, maybe between 18 and early 20's. "Those girls should put you in a better mood."
Tom wasn't going to disagree. The warm breeze blew against his naked cock and balls, giving a fresh and enlivening feel which he'd never experienced before. The girls, in a circle, engrossed in a ball throwing game, never took any notice.
Mom was a little cautious in the fast moving water. Clutching Tom's hand they both ventured a little further. The waves lapped busily against Tom's sensitive balls, cold, refreshing waves, making him very aware of their presence.
Mom looked down. Tom's family sized lovemaking equipment decided that this feeling was good.
"Tom, I think we should go a bit further in. You don't want those girls to get the wrong idea."
Tom looked across. One of them had already noticed. "I think it's maybe too late."
Wading in waist deep, Tom felt less embarrassed, however the current of the incoming tide was still strong underneath. The effect was that Tom's equipment was moving around in sync with ebb and flow. It gave a very pleasant feeling and, of course, an erection.
Mom decided the force of the waves was too much, but the effect of the sea water made Tom less inclined to return, firstly because he had a first class embarrassing stiffie and secondly because it felt good.
Awkwardly he helped mom to the water's edge and he was just about to return to deeper water when he noticed all the girls were looking towards him, giggling and whispering to each other.
'Yes," thought Tom, 'Mommy's boy, they're going to call me mommy's boy.'

Tom found just an excellent place for the fast ebb and flow of the water to feel oh so good. He shut his eyes for a few moment, taking advantage of the water's power. His cock felt full.
"Pardon, monsieur."There was a light tap on his arm.
Tom turned around. One of the five girls was there, only inches away from his swollen cock. He saw her glance down.
"Oh pardon! ... Francais?"

"I'm English, on holiday here." Tom knew a few words from French lessons at school, but not much.
"Oh I am sorry. I thought you used to be at the same school as me. I am sorry." She glanced down again. It was now a semi.
"My friends and me, we like English boys." She paused. 'You will please join us? Your friend, she will not mind?"
The girl's English was quite good. Apart from getting words in the wrong order I could easily understand her.
"She's my mom ...ma mere.She won't mind."
A few minutes later Tom was in their circle, throwing the ball randomly, and all 5 trying to speak English that Tom could understand. They were all friends from Paris. After leaving school they kept in touch and decided to go on holiday together.
"We stay at the Camping Tremblade in a large tent. It is cheap."
"I'm staying in a chalet with mom, next to the nudist camp."
"We know that. You are nudist but you do not stop there?" It was funny. The girls knew between them what to say, but it sounded so funny the way they said it.
"No. My mom wanted to try a nudist beach and we have a free day pass to the nudist camp."
"You like to watch us girls?" the tall blonde smiled as she said it.
Tom took this as a chance to eye them all up. One of the girls had a boyish face and mid-green hair cut short, very small breasts and butt. Small in stature too, less than 5 feet. With flat, shaved pussy she might, thought Tom, be lesbian. Or perhaps she liked guys to lick her out? Tom did not know. Why shave at all? Cooler? Sexier? Tom hadn't a clue.
"Hey. Stop looking at Marie so much. She has a boyfriend." So she wasn't lesbian.
"Marie is nice. You others are nice too. Very pretty ...tres jolie."
"And you girls. Am I OK for you?" asked Tom.
Three of the girls translated for the other two. Some words in French passed between them.
"Oh yes. Very OK."
Tom guessed one was a prick teaser. She would get you all in a whizz and then go. The first girl to approach him, ginger haired and freckled, seemed very nice. Lovely tits, perfect size, she leaned forward:
"We wondered, is this for real?" She didn't touch Tom's cock but her hand was only a fraction of an inch away.
"You want to try it out?"
Fuck, where did that come from? Shy Tom. Mom's hypno magic had worked well. Tom's shyness was decreasing faster than he knew.
"It is very good." The others drew closer to shield me from view. She touched, as gentle as ever.
Tom felt his cock had never been as raring to go as it was then.
"It is incredible," This girl knew exactly how to touch. The warmth of the day, the waves caressing it, the joy of seeing 5 beautiful naked young ladies ... OK Tom may have exaggerated, the boyish one didn't take his fancy. Girls should have tits, not golf balls. All factors combined to greatly thicken and extend his hosepipe.
The jaws of three of the girls just dropped. Golf ball tits looked unimpressed. The stroker still stroked.
His heart beat like never before. OK, there was a whole lot of Atlantic ocean between them and the American voyeurs. Tom had his mom on the beach not taking any attention. He had 5 girls shielding him from the shoreline and hundreds of bathers.
Still Yvette stroked so lightly she might never have been touching. But she was.
"Monsieur... I don't know. What is your name?"
"Tom."
"Tom. We will see you here later perhaps? You tell me the number of your phone, yes?"
She hesitated a moment, spoke in French to the others.
"You have your phone, yes? Now?"
Tom nodded.
"You bring it here. I give you my number."
Tom walked back to mom. She was asleep, laid on her back, legs parted just enough to win the attention of any video-wielding voyeur.
He hunted in the cool bag for his phone, hidden under the baguette sandwiches. When he got back the girls had reverted to their game.
Elise, the tool tormenter, turned around. She gave him her number which he dialled, hung up and hoped both of them had the number in their call history. Not wanting to wet the phone he turned around to go back.
"Tom. you want a photo, yes? A souvenir on your phone?"
It was awkward in the bright sunshine but Tom took the chance. Three poses, one should be right.
Mom was still asleep when he got back. Tom used the phone camera again before she noticed. The beach was now packed. Families of all ages, grandmas and grandpas included, boyfriends with girlfriends, older couples, singles, all seemed to be enjoying the beautiful warm sunny day.
Time passed. Mom woke Tom up to share the sandwich and beer lunch they'd brought and to remind him more sun oil was needed. He was stood brushing sand off when a lady nearby, he guessed mid 30's, spoke.
"My husband and I heard you talking, I guess you're from England ... us too."
Tom smiled. "We're just north of Birmingham."
"Oxford," came the reply and smile. "It's nice to meet you."
Tom smiled again and nodded." Me too."
Just a few weeks ago he would have been tongue-tied and reluctant to answer.
The lady stood. Offered her hand. "Sandra," she said, "And Colin, my husband."
Tom shook her hand, "Tom, and my mom, Kate."
Kate just nodded, quite happy to let Tom take the initiative. Settled down once more, she let Tom continue.
Sandra laughed. "Colin thought you were maybe Kate's son, though from the look of you I thought your mom might have brought a very fit toy boy with her."
Kate said nothing, never opened her eyes, she just smiled.
Sandra looked Tom up and down, her eyes resting a little too long at his jizz gun. "Yes, a very fit toy boy."
Tom thought it only fair that he should give Sandra a good look over.
Definitely several years younger than mom, Sandra was very much a looker. Her blonde hair was tied in a bun. Her flawless face with natural juicy lips may have made her look younger, though the smoothness of her skin probably made Tom's first assessment right.
Her breasts, ample, pert and roughly the same size and shape as mom's were as beautifully tanned as the rest of her, but, apart from the normal shape, didn't droop at all. Sandra's waist was slim, her tummy flat and her freshly shaved pussy as perfect as perfect could be. Her pussy groove, Tom thought, was deep, contoured, inviting. Legs long and slim and a perfect butt made Sandra look good enough to eat. Tom thought of sneaking a candid photo of her too.
He suddenly realised that staring too long at Sandra's perfect slit had brought on another semi, a fact noticed immediately by Sandra.
"My, Tom, you are a fit young man. Your mom should be proud of you." Sandra's eyes never moved from Tom's treasure.
"I play football a lot, and I work out."
"Yes, I'd noticed." Sandra took a few steps forward, touched her fingers briefly against Tom's six pack.
Tom thought Sandra was a bit forward but he wasn't going to complain. His cock stiffened again and he moved his hands to cover it.
Sandra laughed. "It's your first time on a nudist beach, isn't it?"
Tom nodded.
"Just chill out. A lot of guys get that way at first. It's perfectly natural. I think it's very flattering that I can cause that to happen."
Mom still had her eyes shut. If she'd overheard then it might make her jealous.
"Anyway Tom, I'll let you get back to your sunbathing." Sandra walked the few steps back and lay down on her towel.
Embarrassed, and forgetting what mom had told him Tom laid back down on his towel.
"Haven't you forgotten something?" Mom sounded displeased. Moms miss nothing, even with their eyes closed.
"Sorry mom if I upset you when I let Sandra touch me?"
"Did you put your suntan oil on?"
Tom didn't answer, but picked up the plastic bottle.
"While you've got it in your hand you can do me first."
Tom didn't answer. Was there an answer?
"Front, please. And don't miss anywhere."
'And yakity yak, don't talk back. Why couldn't she do it herself,' thought Tom.

"It feels a lot better when you do it."
'Fuck, could she read his mind too?'
Tom flipped the cap, poured the protective oil on his palm, applied it to mom's shoulders and breasts.
She sighed. "Oh Tom that's perfect. Just stay there." Once satisfied, she allowed him to continue down.
Tom's erection was clearly building again. He moved down, dusting the sand off her toes and feet before applying the sun-warmed oil.
Thinking he needed to shield himself he knelt astride one leg, his back turned away from the other sun worshippers. With the windbreak positioned, only Sandra and her husband could view, and they were laid flat, apparently asleep.
He continued, cautiously, up mom's legs, thighs. She parted her legs in a pornographic pose, solely, Tom thought, so he didn't miss any tender, sun-seeking part.
Anxious not to vex mom, Tom took extra time, extra care. Each square inch of mom's inner thigh was given a careful, sensuous coating of oil. Mom asked, mom got. He reached the top, the dip of her swollen pussy, her CUNT lips, her groove, the entrance to that wonderful, sensuous cave. Tom liked the word CUNT, the rudeness, the dirtiness.
He skipped it. Embarrassed again, he looked around. No-one was taking the slightest notice. No-one cared.
Taking the bottle again he squeezed some more oil on his palm, rubbed it lightly around her navel, between her hip bones, down to meet that same, smooth, pubic groove.
Mom sighed, "Don't miss any." Tom didn't intend to.
Glancing around again he saw nothing but happy sunbathers, partly obscured by neighbouring windbreaks. His thumbs
pushed down, mom's legs widened. He sought her clit already erect and welcoming his attention. Increasing speed and pressure he quickly brought her off.
His cock was solid, every inch like iron. Mom's eyes were shut tight. Too late he noticed that Sandra's weren't.
"Hey, it's OK Tom. A little bit of affection is good. It's natural."
Tom didn't know, he couldn't have known that Colin, Sandra's husband had watched too. He was making his way through the packed beach to cool off in the sea. His cum had been easily covered by the dry sand surrounding it.
Kate knew that Sandra was watching as she returned the favour to her son. It was risky, she knew it was risky. Tom's ministrations weren't so risky, though his biological reaction was.
It was much later that she learned the beach was regularly used just before the sun set and the only necessity was a torch to follow the path back.
*****
The afternoon passed. Mom and Tom bathed and snoozed in the sun, they talked to their neighbours who invited them over to their place. Kate and Tom already had the day pass from their arrival but they would now have a guest pass from their new friends. Kate had already planned a day visit to Cognac for the Monday, so they arranged the nudist camp visit for the day after.
That evening Tom needed no request, no hints, no wine, no effort at all to know what mom needed most. The wine of course helped, but only to add that little something to a day which was already special.
They had showered, gone out to eat at a pizza restaurant nearby, returned to the chalet, enjoyed the wine and retired to the bedroom.
Tom's head was full of memories, Kate felt more relaxed than she had for ages. 10pm was not a time to sleep, there was no rush. Tom slowly tugged upwards to remove his mom's tee-shirt. Her breasts, now released, fell gently downwards as the tight cotton fabric lost its hold on them. Mom smelled good, the remnants of the cleansing shower gel still gave scent to her breasts. He leaned forward, kissing her tender nipples which filled and hardened. He took one then the other in his lips, sucked them into his mouth and released, making them comically spring back to their original position.
Kate, in her turn, removed Tom's tee-shirt. Now both bare chested they kissed. Their mouths opened to allow erotic exploration, tongue seeking tongue, breast against chest, they stood kissing, enjoying the touch of skin against skin.
Tom reached around and unzipped mom's skirt, allowing it to fall to the floor. Mom was naked underneath. During their pizza meal she didn't see the point of wearing panties. It was still warm. No panties meant full freedom, no chafing fabric, no elastic, no VPL. If anyone had caught sight of her, naked beneath a very short skirt, well good for them. They'd had a free shot at the wonderful skin folds that were her labia.
Tom stood back. He'd had all day to look at as many labia, neat pussy grooves, beautiful god-carved mini landscapes (OK before someone corrects me BODY-scapes) as he wanted. Of course, the pubic exploration site - suitable for exploration on a female by a female, or a male, by tongue or by finger - varies greatly. Sometimes hidden by unexplored bush, often changed as time progressed, sometimes changed by surgical sculpture, this small part of the female body is often a joy to view and cherish.
Tom stood and looked at mom's unique pussy. That alone caused his cock to fill. Mom quickly realised that.
"You really enjoyed the nude beach, didn't you?" Teasing mode engaged, she continued. "Those girls playing ball ... I saw you look at their pussies. And Sandra? You checked her out, didn't you?" She laid on the bed. "Come, take some time. Kiss my pussy, smell my pussy, touch my pussy."
Tom relished the chance of mom offering to let him study her. Each little kiss, the thought of him sampling her woman scent, each light stroke as he touched her groove; all combined to make her juices flow. She opened the folds to show him parts of her that only partners and doctors saw.
Tom's cock was full, almost bursting, as he pushed into mom. He studied her face as he pushed harder. The slickness of her juice made it easy for him. Kate relished again the feeling of fullness, her son's cock touching every part of her treasure cave. There was no rush.
By easing in and out ever so slowly, Tom overcame his natural feelings to cum as soon as he could. The primal, animal desire was to impregnate quickly. Of course, a small pill, taken daily, ensured his mom could not conceive. The feeling in Tom's cock was very pleasant. He couldn't describe it, but, like many men, it made him want to fuck mom, fuck Sandra, fuck any or all of those girls on the beach.
He thought back to the slender, almost anorexic, boyish girl. Her love tunnel, her cunt, would be tight. Lost in thoughts that added to his arousal, Tom had allowed his natural instinct to return. His thrusts became faster and faster until his trigger point took over. His seed shot into the warm comfort of mom's vagina.
Kate felt frustrated that Tom had suddenly accelerated. He had cum, she hadn't.
"Lick me out Tom. Make me cum too."
"But mom, I've just cum there."
"So learn some more. Taste it."
Reluctantly Tom complied. To be honest the part of his cum that had already dribbled out was OK, his own cum mixed with mom's juice. Mom smelled good, and that overrode anything else.
Kate moved her fingers down to guide him.
"Here, Tom." She pointed to a tiny opening between her clit and her love cave. "You were curious, this is where I pee. Lick it very gently."
Despite some reluctance Tom again did as mom bid. She shut her eyes. It was a long time since she'd experienced the odd, but arousing sensation.
"Now here." Kate pointed to her clit. "Suck gently and lick." Tom obliged.
"Then blow, cooling and refreshing it." That worked too.
Little by little, Kate was patiently teaching her son. It wasn't about sex education, these lessons were essential life skills.
Tom found it both arousing and amusing that mom had asked him to lick her pee hole. Truth was that, hidden away in the folds of skin, the small opening gave an oddly different but strangely delightful sensation.
Mom, rather than building up to a huge cum found Tom switching between clit and pee hole strangely relaxing. When she came, there was no volcano erupting but it more like a small stream lazily tumbling down a waterfall. It was not so much a loud moan as a quiet sigh.
*****
Tom woke early again the following morning, his solid baby-making machine poking cheekily between mom's butt cheeks. Almost without thinking, his own butt moved steadily to and fro causing a dry, and very pleasant, friction.
"Good morning Tom."
" 'morning mom."
"How about making me a nice cup of tea."
Reluctantly Tom heaved himself out of bed, the only visible remains of comforting his erection against mom's butt was a little precum.
Tea made and delivered to mom in bed, Tom thought about another hour's snooze. Not so.
"You need more lessons Tom. Your oral skills need improving, but lucky for you we have plans today."
An hour later they were en route for Cognac. A pre-booked tour of one distillery (a Cognac maison) was followed by another tour. Not only were they informative but the samples were well received by all. The two tours, split by lunch, took most of the day. They arrived back tired but happy.
The following day was quite an eye opener for Tom. Greeted as guests at the 'Mer et Soleil' (Sea and Sun) Naturist Club, by their new friends Sandra and Colin, they changed from their holiday wear into the statutory club wear ... birthday suits.
Tom was apprehensive and nervous at first. Naturists are, in the main, very friendly and courteous and Sandra, Colin and all their friends soon put them at ease. Ask any naturist and they will tell you their lifestyle is one of equality, not perpetual sexual arousal. The novelty of seeing naked people of all ages rapidly loses the novelty aspect.
Does it fuck! For Tom the novelty would take quite some while. OK he didn't walk around all day with a woody, but the memory of it all would stick in his mind for a long time. It was all safely stored in his wank bank.
Perhaps it would remain in the minds of the holidaymakers there too. Some men have shorter equipment that expands greatly. Tom was not so. His generous length, and a lot of the girth remained so in all but Arctic-like weather. There were a number of girls of similar age to him, and some older that took more than a quick glance.
Sandra was one of the older ladies who appreciated God's generosity in allocating penises. Colin, her husband, was not one of the lucky ones. OK, he was a great companion, and a wonderful husband. They hadn't any family yet, but not from the lack of trying. Sandra would be the first to agree that tongues and fingers can contribute much, but she liked a big dong, oh yes, Sandra loved looking, sometimes touching, and twice in her life she'd enjoyed a big cock inside her.
The hosts had insisted in paying for everything: lunch, snacks and now an evening meal cooked up by Sandra in their holiday apartment. Good food, friendly company and some exceptionally good wine all contributed to a relaxed chat afterwards.
"You should be really proud of Tom." said Sandra. "And his generous cock should impress any girlfriend."
" Cock? Did I say 'cock' thought Sandra. Better apologise."

"Sorry," she added, quickly. "It's not everyday ... I mean ..." She blushed. "You are very lucky Tom."
Kate quickly whispered something in Tom's ear. Neither Sandra nor Colin noticed Tom's eyes glaze for several seconds, nor did they notice Kate's swift but deliberate double click of her fingers.
"As you've been so kind to us today, Tom's offered a little thank you. He realises that he needs some experience with his special gift, so that he can learn to use it carefully and wisely in the future." Kate paused for a moment to gauge Sandra's understanding.
She continued. "Am I right in thinking you'd like to be one of Tom's tutors?"
Sandra had no problem deciphering Kate's carefully considered word. She did not want to offend.
"I would be very honoured." Sandra replied. "Thank you Tom."
"And in return, Sandra, would you allow Colin and I to oversee things. Not to judge, but to advise Tom if there's anything he's unsure of?"
"Colin?"
"I'd be very happy to help oversee things, yes."
Tom stood unsure what he should do.
Sandra took a few steps across the room. "I really mean what I said, Tom." She reached and patted Tom's abs, letting her fingers move and stroke.
"And your chest too." Sandra ran her fingers over him again, circling over and around his nipples. Tom didn't feel fazed or embarrassed at all. Whatever mom had whispered had made everything feel so natural. He suddenly felt so horny, so willing to please Sandra.
"My, Tom, you seem to be enjoying this." Sandra ran her fingers ever so lightly along his cock. Now it was Sandra's turn to feel horny. This was an answered prayer. She'd seen guys on the beach, in the nudist camp, hung less than Tom, but far better than Colin.
Colin was getting horny too. He'd seen couples who were only too happy that someone was watching. Now though, he could watch his wife. How often had he dreamed of this.
Tom barely heard the clicks of mom's fingers, but each click reinforced his arousal and his confidence. His rod was now solid as iron and leaking pre-cum. Sandra simply kept up the soft stroking until her own juices were almost dripping from her. Just one look towards Kate, and a nod in return.
Tom felt good. This was something different; it gave him control. Doggy was a new position for Tom, favoured by Sandra. Colin had some difficulty when it came to fucking. His much shorter length seemed to work best from behind her.
"Tom. Oh, Tom, that's fantastic."
Tom could see every inch of his porn pole disappearing into Sandra's love cave.
"Oh Tom that's so good. You're filling me up with your big cock"
Fullness was something she seldom got. This was a rare treat and Sandra wanted to make the most of it.
"Slow, Tom. Slow down. I want to savour every moment of you inside me."
Tom didn't speak much but he was enjoying this different way of fucking. Surprised by how much he could see, watching his cock become buried deeply inside Sandra's fuck cave, then reappear coated in her juices, was a real turn on. Sandra was tight, tighter than mom. This felt fantastic.
He couldn't understand how this lady's language could change when she was being fucked.
"Grab my tits, Tom. Grab them, pull them, squeeze them hard. Hurt me Tom. Make me pay for wanting you inside me."
Tom, unspeaking, was reluctant to bring pain. He turned his head. Mom nodded. Stopping for just a couple of seconds he reached forward grabbed Sandra's still swinging tits. He pulled hard. He squeezed even harder.
Tom heard Sandra take in breath. That hurt, it really hurt.
"Now faster, Tom. Fuck me hard, fuck me fast. Hurt me."
Tom squeezed, pulled hard. Another sharp intake of breath. Sandra could feel her orgasm quickly build, as if from nowhere. Too late to warn Tom to slow down again, the ripples and contractions inside her bolted through like lightening.
She shrieked, from the pain and from the pleasure. Her whole body shuddered and she almost passed out.
Tom didn't stop, didn't slow, didn't let go of her tits. As his own cum shot out of his cannon Sandra came again.
"Tom." Mom called, signalled him to move off the bed.
But a woman sometimes isn't satisfied so easily and so Colin took Tom's place. His small cock was still plenty to bring his wife to another cum. He had found the voyeuristic thrills too much. All too soon he grunted and shot his load into Sandra's cum filled cunt.
"Now me, Tom. Eat me out." Kate wasn't going to be left out, and rightly so.
Tom was more than happy to smell his mom's excitement. Mom was dripping, ready, all too ready, waiting ... for Tom to swiftly give her a powerful cum.
*****
Tom and mom were both sorry to have to leave their new friends. If she spoke honestly, Kate had enjoyed their day every bit as much as Tom. Young men with their tackle on display, long cocks and cute butts. The friendliness of the people there, the joy of being unrestricted by clothes.
Back at their chalet, once more they were alone together. The wine and the rest of the evening went well.
Tomorrow? Well, tomorrow was another day. They slept, spooned, contented and refreshed to face what fun another day would bring.
That, folks, isn't the end. What started as a spin-off evolved into a fully fledged story. It will be continued. Tom got an unexpected photo text from one of the five girls, Sandra and Colin invited Tom and mom back, and maybe Colin sampled some of Kate's hypnosis ... or ... well ... suggestions are always welcome!