My husband and I were on a holiday with a small group in a 4WD safari, and over dinner one night he mentioned how much we had enjoyed lazing around on the nude beach the week before.
The next day, Dan, our tour guide was smiling at me a lot, and a couple of times I noticed he was looking at me when the sun was shining through my dress from behind.
As he walked past I teased him to ask if he can guess.
He didn't seem to understand straight away and asked "guess what?"
I said "guess if I am wearing underwear today."
Then he caught on straight away and simply asked "are you?"
I told him if he can guess right I will show him.
Not long after he came back and said he guessed I wasn't which was the right answer.
I pulled up my dress very high on the outside of my thigh so he can see, but it wasn't what he wanted.
Of course he wanted to see me from the front or back, but I told him he was too greedy and he should be happy with my answer.
Later in the morning I was sitting on a rock with one foot up on my knee emptying a small stone from my shoe, when he came back to check on me.
As he came up he looked straight up my legs and I am sure he can easily see me.
He hesitated opposite and after only a second's thought I pulled my dress higher so he can see even more.
He came closer and asked to touch it, but I said no.
Then he pulled out his phone and asked if he can take my photo so he can enjoy it later.
By this time I was a bit excited and I said he could take my photo if he promised to take a photo of himself later while he was enjoying it.
Of course he agreed and shakily came even closer and took his photo.
I stood up before he could ask for more and told him not to forget I would expect to see his shot tomorrow morning.
Hubby laughed when I told him what I had been up to.
The next morning, I went to find Dan to ask why he didn't send me the photo.
He was in the 4Wd getting ready for our day's hiking up a gorge to some swimming holes and a hot spring.
He was a bit shy and said the light wasn't very good, and he accidentally deleted the photo.
I said it was no problem and I can show him one of me on the nude beach if he will let me watch him now.
That surprised him a lot! and he was even more shy, but after I showed him the shining naked one of me standing up he agreed and unbuttoned himself for me to see.
Soon he forgot how shy he was and was rubbing and squeezing himself very comfortably for me to see.
It made me happy and excited to watch it grow so big and strong.
I let him see my legs a little bit to help him but had my swimsuit on under the dress, so he didn't get his wish to see my middle part again.
Before he could come, two of his tour guide mates who were on the trip for training came up to the 4WD to talk about the day's plan.
They were surprised to see me there, so I told them I was showing Dan photos of where I live which is also very beautiful.
I showed them a few of our home, and then excitedly flipped through to a naked one of me.
They really liked it a lot!
I had to leave then as the tour was starting very soon and everyone would be arriving.
I went back to hubby and told him what happened and said I wanted an adventure today and asked if it was OK?
He said OK as long as I kept safe, and didn't do anything that would make them disrespect me.
On the hike, I hitched up my dress a little to show my legs which kept them interested.
They were very attentive and helpful!
After we had been on the hike for awhile we had a swim in a rock pool, and after that I didn't put my dress back on and hiked in my swimsuit.
It was exciting to look back and notice them paying attention to my legs and bottom as I climbed along in front of them.
While I was walking and enjoying the natural beauty all around, I made a rough plan and told hubby.
At the hot springs I waited in the pool after the other hikers started on their way back, and as I guessed, Dan came back to check on me.
Hubby was waiting nearby to keep me safe - and to look!!
I told Dan I wanted to put on a show for him and his two friends.
Even after the day before's adventure it surprised him a lot!
I told him if he could arrange it I would make a small extra treat for him if he could hold on until after the show.
Then I got my big surprise when the other two guys came back to the pool where we were!
They had guessed something was happening when Dan came back and as soon as they saw us they knew they were right!
They were standing around a bit awkwardly and not sure what would happen next.
To solve that problem, I pulled my top string and when they can see my breasts freely they got the idea very quickly.
They complimented me on how firm they looked, and how hard the tips were, but I guessed they really mean they wanted to touch!
Soon they were sitting closely around me and I got a very good view of three very happy strong young men saluting me with their nice hard cocks.
That made me bold enough to pull the bottom string and give them the full view of all of me.
They said they only saw a shaved woman in pictures so they really liked how much more they can see of me that way.
I moved around in the pool to give them a very good show, and told them to tell me when they couldn't hold on any more.
When the first one told me he is ready I sat up out of the water and he shot it on my breast and tummy.
Only a second later the next heavy spurt arrived on me beside the first one.
It turned very sticky in the water and threads hung down me like small white ropes.
Dan told them they better go and catch up with the hikers they were supposed to be guiding and when they were gone I stood up fully so he can see everything.
Then I did everything in my fantasy, stretching and bending down low in front of him and twirling around.
I know he will look at every detail when I am bending low in front of him, but I didnt dare to stay that way too long in case he thought I wanted him to put it in me.
Also I cannot see him that way.
When I can tell he is nearly there, I faced him closely and put his hand low on my back at the top of my bottom.
When he came he made a noise like he was hurling something very heavy and his stream shot up under my chin and ran down my breast all the way down to my legs.
It felt so heavenly exciting I was trembling.
As hubby came out of his spot beside us, Dan buttoned up and left.
Hubby was so excited to see all the sticky white ropes and dribbles hanging from the points of my breasts that he rubbed it over my front then asked me back in the pool to wash them slowly off.
Even though I am sure nothing reached that far, he took so long washing between my legs to make sure they are all off he made me come too.
It was a really beautiful day!
Hubby said we are too risky now and said we should calm down for awhile.