The day had been packed with customers scheduled tightly and it was all Henry could do to keep up. The cathouse was growing by word of mouth from satisfied clientele interested in getting their buddies laid by one of the four beautiful girls.
Some guys stayed with their favorites and others wanted to sample all of them. Henry figured this was one of those days where they all coincidentally showed up at once and he had to manage the times and preferences.
On top of that, Mr. BDSM, so nicknamed for his interest in whips, bondage, handcuffs and whatever else he carried in his bag of tricks, had announced he was showing up at 5. He was limited by what he could and couldn't do, a tricky conversation Henry dreaded having but a necessity to protect the girls. And then it was a matter of which girl wanted to take him on. It was somewhat painful but profitable because he was charged significantly more.
He was more or less a regular of Ginger's because she was into BDSM and rather liked being dominated and punished. Unfortunately, he was coming and Ginger's dance card was already full.
"Lana, I need to ask a favor" said Henry, knowing that she was the only one with an opening at 5. He approached the subject warily. "Ahhh, Mr. BDSM is coming at five and I was wondering..."
"You mean the guy with the whips and stuff?!?"
"That would be him."
"I don't think so. That's Ginger's freaky thing. I'll take a pass on that one."
"He's basically Mr. Knot except with more stuff and you liked being tied up by him."
"Are you really trying to talk me into this?"
"Just trying to suggest something you might like. He'd likely handcuff you to the bed and do other things. Ginger says it's more threatening than painful. Maybe it would be exciting!"
"If it's so great why didn't you handcuff me to the bed and do stuff when we were together?"
"I guess I didn't think of it."
"Ummm hmmm."
"Candy likes it, Abigail likes it. Maybe you should try it."
"You're starting to sound like a used car salesman."
"I go over the ground rules every time he comes and if it gets out of control then I shut it down. And there's a safe word so if anything's too much you just say 'stop' and he has to stop."
"You'll watch me?"
"Don't I always?"
"Well, okay, but you have to watch out for me."
"Great! Just one more question...how do you feel about nipple clamps?"
***
On a busy day when Henry could have used him, Edgar was not at his post by the backdoor. Instead Henry was up and down answering the door, fielding customer requests, scheduling, processing fees and overseeing the welfare of the girls.
Candy had an hour gap in her schedule so she volunteered to takeover backdoor duties to help Henry out for a short time. This was well intentioned but visitors got blinded by a gorgeous Candy and the offers for her immediate services came flying right and left and appointments got thrown off track as an argument broke out with two guys over who got her attention.
Finally, Henry relieved her of her temporary duties and she went upstairs with one of the arguing guys. Henry: 'Note to self. Don't do that again.'
At around 1pm in came Edgar, green smudges on his white deck shoes and sweat stains on his shirt. "Jean made me mow the lawn." Realizing he was tracking grass clippings wherever he went, Henry sent him home to take a shower and get presentable, which ended up taking another hour.
By then Henry was clearly exhausted from running from one thing to another and slightly annoyed that he missed Abigail in action with the bank loan manager who had lusted after her and eventually approved her for a mortgage even though she was technically under qualified. To seal the deal she had to admit where her income came from. Knowing that, the manager immediately approved the loan and became her client.
"Your secret's safe with me," he said, and that was true as long as she serviced him for free. "Consider it a mortgage surcharge. A girl like you can surely afford to manage a little business overhead."
Business arrangement or not, Henry didn't trust him to take even more advantage of the situation so kept an eye out when he was visiting. Henry did his research and put the guy's wife's name and their address in his hip pocket just in case.
By 2pm things had more or less calmed down into a nice flow and Henry resumed breathing.
Abigail's 3pm was a bit of a mystery because it involved two men and no one knew anything about them. The request, from a man called Hector, was for the smallest girl at the cathouse, which was Abby, and the caller wanted to watch his friend fuck her. "He's got a big old cock and I like watching him." Hector offered to pay double and Henry accepted.
Henry consulted Abby and she was unfazed, "Because I'm petite, men with big dicks like to scare me. I don't know what the psychology is but so far it's been more show than go. Just book it and I'll survive.
"Are you sure, baby?"
"I'm sure. You can check in on me if you want. I like you watching anyway."
"I wouldn't miss it."
Hector and his friend showed up ten minutes early to check in as instructed. Hector's 'friend' was sturdy but not particularly imposing but that was with his pants on. It was hard to tell.
"Is she pretty?" Hector asked. "I like tiny but pretty too."
At Henry's request, Abigail came down to meet them and satisfy their simple requirements. "Hi, boys..." she said with plenty of sex behind it and wearing a baby doll negligée with no bra.
"Wow," they said in unison. "She's perfect," said Hector. "Yaaaaaaa," said his friend.
It was unmistakable. The bulge in his pants began to grow appreciably. It was as if it had been unleashed from some secret compartment. Abigail caught herself staring and tried to look away but it was impossible. She smiled, turned around and went back upstairs.
"Edgar, show these gentlemen up to Abigail's room."
As they approached the door, Hector said, "We can take it from here."
Once inside, Hector found a comfortable angle to enjoy the view. She sat on the bed and the friend stood in front of her. "My friend, Danny, is going to fuck you and I hope you have a good time. I know we will. Danny?"
Danny slowly unzipped his fly, like the curtain was coming up on a broadway show. He dropped his drawers and pulled down his underwear and it sprang from him like a jack in the box.
"Oh shit..." said Henry, watching on the monitor.
It was massive in length but mostly width and Abigail recoiled to get out of the way. She grabbed it with both hands, "Well I can see you're happy to see me." He smiled. She jerked it and tried to get her mouth around it but it was a struggle. It looked even larger with her tiny hands holding its girth. "Are you going to fuck me with this, Danny?"
He nodded.
"Take it in your mouth again," said Hector. She stuffed what little of it she could. She knew he'd want to push it beyond reasonable limits and she didn't have to wait long. He forced it down until she gagged and struggled for a breath.
"I want that big boy in my pussy," she said trying to draw his interest away from choking her. He grinned again, held her by her ankles on the bed and shoved his shaft between her legs and she groaned loudly, "Oh fuck!!!!" It was like a car piston, banging against her tiny frame. She screamed with every thrust.
Hector had his cock out and jerking it, "Fuck her, buddy!! Listen to her scream!!!"
"Oh fucking shit," said Henry as he jerked his own dick while watching his girlfriend take it.
"Fuck her doggy!!" shouted, Hector, "I love that, Danny!!!"
Danny easily flipped her to all fours and jammed his anaconda back into her hole, once again causing her to scream as he stretched her to the limit. His balls repeatedly slapped her and then amidst the screaming, Abigail got that old familiar feeling that always made it special.
It was like rolling thunder as her orgasm picked up speed and intensity. She was so wet that even Danny's monster slid freely back and forth.
"Uhnnn, oh shit..." said Henry again as Danny's big fingers dug into Abby's buttocks and he slammed her even harder.
"Fuck her, man, fuck her," came the mad chant from Danny's masturbating cheering section. "Fuck that hottie!!" As Hector was driving his friend he reached in to feel her breasts with the hand that wasn't jacking off. Then he told Danny to go reverse cowgirl so he could play with her.
Hector got temporarily more involved, leaning in to kiss her and suckle her tits. "You're hot, baby. I can tell when my friend likes a girl and he likes you. I can almost feel his dick up inside you. Oh, baby."
"Finish her, Danny," he said as he laid back in his chair and finished himself. Danny laid her back down in the bed and plunged back into her pussy, going on a tear until he pulled out and indiscriminately came everywhere he could on her tiny body.
Henry came simultaneously, slathering the desk drawer with his cum. Right then he had the silliest thought that they should hire a cleaning service once a month. The finish was coming off part of the desk and the carpet had dried white stains. 'Voyeurism is a messy business,' he thought, making himself laugh.
He hadn't noticed that Edgar had watched him the entire time. Edgar watched Henry watching Abigail. "What is it, Edgar?" Henry said matter of factly.
Pointing to Henry's monitor, "Could I get one of those for the back?"
***
An hour later after she had serviced another client, Abigail came down to check in with Henry.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
"You mean did Bigfoot break me? No, I'm fine. It got uncomfortable a few times but a lot of the screaming was to make Danny feel good about himself. Not saying he wasn't big but I've had bigger."
"I almost broke it up to keep you from getting hurt."
"Unless I tell a customer to stop then you can bet I'm fine. I've been doing this a long time. Since you've got the carpet cleaner still out I'm assuming you enjoyed the entertainment."
"Yup, my girlfriend always delivers a top notch performance."
She crawled onto his lap. "Well I'm glad I could make you happy. Tell me, besides getting your dick in a tizzy, what are you feeling when I have some guy's cock in me and he's using me like a toy?"
"It's complicated."
"Do you ever wish it would stop?"
"Sometimes. Then sometimes I'm jealous because you let him own you. At the same time I get excited out of my head when he does it. Like I say, it's complicated. And then I feel like I'm happy that my girlfriend is the sexiest woman alive."
"Thank you, baby."
"Not to mention one of the smartest women I know."
"Ah, there you go getting on my good side."
She hugged him and nuzzled her head in the crook of his neck. By anyone's standards this was an unexpected romance in an impossible environment but somehow their stars aligned.
***
5pm. Mr. BDSM and Lana had been introduced and he gave Henry that look of approval, "She's nice." Lana couldn't take her eyes off the black bag that struck a note of apprehension like being in a dentist chair and having to look at all the sharp tools before the dentist came in. This was an area that Lana had no experience in and Mr. BDSM could smell a measure of fear and it made him hard.
On their way to Lana's room they were intercepted by an excited Ginger. "Georgie, I just had a cancellation and can see you...if it's okay with Lana."
"Oh don't worry about me," said a relieved Lana, "You two lovebirds deserve to be happy so get cracking." Ginger laughed at the joke but Mr. BDSM was focused on only one thing. As they went off to Ginger's room Mr. BDSM looked back at Lana like he might have missed out on making another convert.
***
Hearing a knock at the front door was unusual. Henry looked up from the monitor and Edgar ran from the back and brought the man in. "Can I help you?" said Henry
"Yes, I'd like to see Abigail."
"She's unavailable right now. Can I help you?"
"We're old friends and I heard she was here."
"Would you like to make an appointment?"
Clearly agitated, "No, why would I make an appointment? She can't open her own door? I want to see her now! Hell, I'll find her myself."
He turned to go up the stairs and Edgar instinctively blocked his path. "I'm sorry sir but she's unavailable," reiterated Henry, "but perhaps if you wait I can tell her you're here."
"How long?" he asked flatly.
"About ten minutes."
The disgruntled and slightly confused man sat down. Edgar stood guard at the stairway entry. Trying to make small talk, Henry asked how he knew Abigail.
"Long time ago. It's none of your business."
Henry took a call and as he was setting up an appointment the man overheard Henry mention Candy's name and he looked up.
"She's here too? Still living together after all this time," he said to himself.
As Henry hung up the call he asked the guy, "So you know Candy too?"
The man laughed, "You might say that. I know her inside and out if you get what I mean." He chuckled again. "I want to see her too."
"I'm afraid she's unavailable also."
"Oh, this is ridiculous. Where's Abigail?!?"
"Hold on, sir, she's nearly finished."
"What's she finishing? And who are you?!?"
"I'm her secretary," and then it suddenly became clear to Henry that while someone had given this man the address they hadn't told him or they didn't know what the house was.
"Well, let me tell you, buddy, your boss is a little loose. I don't know what she's told you but she and I had some real action in my office." Catching himself, "Oh sorry, pal, she probably never mentioned it. Probably embarrassed."
Then the sky opened up and everything became clear to Henry. "Is your name, Frank?"
"Ya, so she did mention me! Those were good times my friend! The three prettiest girls I ever hired at the grocery store. And, oh, the fringe benefits!!! The other girl was Ginger. Don't know what happened to her."
"She's here also."
"Still roommates, isn't that something? Where is that little spark-plug?"
"Frank?!?" said Abigail from the landing, still wearing her negligée from the last customer.
"Wow...Abigail...wow...wow, you look really sexy. How about we relive old times? I'm divorced now so I could take you out tonight and wow, maybe we canoodle a little bit. Remember my desk? Hehe. I'm buying...it's on me. Whaddya say, cutie? I'll even toss in the fifty bucks you used to charge me!"
"Well I don't think so, Frank. That's a very generous offer and I have a boyfriend. But if you really want to relive old times then you can make an appointment."
"What are you saying? Appointment?"
"You make an appointment and then I can see you for the hour...or more depending."
There was dead silence as Frank realized what she was saying. He looked around at everyone and his face flushed. Abigail began to understand that he did not grasp the nature of the house so to ease his embarrassment she went over and hugged him and whispered in his ear, "Make an appointment with Henry, the first one's on me, baby. It'll be just like old times."
He slowly smiled at her and walked over to Henry's desk. "Yes, I'd like to book an hour with the lovely Abigail." Turning back to her, "I feel a little foolish about all this but I've been lugging around a major crush since when you worked for me and long after you left. I had no idea where you'd gone until Ernie, you remember the stock-boy, Ernie, told me he saw you go into this house. I had some crazy idea...well...I'll see you tomorrow."
As Frank went towards the front door, Edgar quickly redirected him to the rear entrance, "It's where the customers enter and exit. See you tomorrow, sir."
When Edgar returned to the front room Henry said, "Good job, Edgar, you did exactly what I needed you to do and I never had to say a word."
"Thank you, sir!" and he saluted.
"Please, no saluting."
At that moment there was a blood curdling scream coming from Ginger's room.
***
Henry and Edgar went up the stairs and busted into Ginger's room only to see her on her knees on the bed and tied facing the headboard. Mr. BDSM was applying the whip to her backside with her saying, "Whip me, daddy! Make me a good girl! Ahhhggggrrr!!!"
By the time Henry and Edgar backed out of the room and ran for the monitor, Mr. BDSM had dropped the whip and was fucking her against the headboard like a wild man. "Fuck me, Whip Daddy!! Fuck me!!!"
As they watched, totally turned on and instinctively rubbing their crotches, in a moment of lucidity Henry looked at Edgar. "Okay, I'll wire up another monitor in the back."
"Thanks boss," and he saluted again.
"Good lord, Edgar, stop saluting."
***
Very late in the day Henry got a call from a guy wanting to book an evening time with Candy and she gave it the green light for 9pm. At these times she would accept payment directly and if help was needed Henry, usually next door, could be summoned from wherever he was. In general, the girls looked out for one another.
At exactly 9 there was a knock at the backdoor and when Candy answered a smile crossed her face, "Charlie?!?"
"Candy...I love you."
They embraced and kissed and went up to her room. Charlie asked her to listen while he laid out his idea. "First of all I just want you to know I've never felt like this about anyone or anything. My heart has loved you forever. Even so time has passed and we've grown in different ways and I need to spend time getting to know you again and I would guess you getting to know me.
"The one certainty is that we love each other but fate got in the way. I upended my whole life because I believe in love and that fate can change direction. So I'm asking that you go away with me for a week and spend that time finding one another again.
He laughed, "Will you, Candace, be the love of my life for one week and possibly the rest of our lives?"
She excitedly giggled, "I will. And will you, Charles, spend a week and possibly the rest or your life with a woman of ill repute?"
He laughed again, "I will. Then by the power invested in dumb luck I pronounce us potential life partners."
They made love, Candy packed a bag and wrote a note for Henry and they left.
***
When Henry got to the desk the next morning he found the note and he and Abigail read it together.
'To my dearest family:
Last night Charlie came to see me and we vowed to go on a week trek to find each other again. He loves me so and I love him. I've been inspired by Abigail and Henry's amazing love and I believe it's there for me and Charlie too. Sorry to leave you in the lurch but I hope you understand I have to do this. I'll contact you soon.
Love you all,
Candy.'
Abigail and Henry looked at each other. "You know, reading that," said Henry, "makes me realize..." He never finished the sentence as she kissed him and held on for dear life.