"4:38! They're late." Lance checked his watch as sister Britney and friend Styles glanced in all directions.
Styles exhales his doubt and stands up from sitting on the kiddie swing to eye the siblings.
"Maybe Sophia was never serious." He chimes in.
Brit continues swinging beside him and keeps her cool, "Give them time. It's four blocks from the school to the park. Sophia was serious or she would never have gone so far in Marko's class. They might have just been held up in practice."
Lance nods, "I hope they show. I wanna see Sophia's tits. Touching them wasn't enough. Cryssa too. I've never seen an Asian naked. Well, in movies. I think she's sexy."
"Dawn's not bad for a redhead. I wonder if she's red all over?" Styles chuckles.
Suddenly Brit's cell began vibrating and she plants her feet into the dirt to halt her swing.
"Hello?" She reacts to Sophia's call, "Yes, we're here still. On the swings by the row of pine trees. Hurry up."
Hanging up at Sophia's reply she looks up at the boys, "Cheerleaders T-minus 5 minutes."
The guys fist up in triumph and count the minutes. Then, from the sidewalk path to the left of them waltzed three of the four girls.
"Sorry we're late. Practice ran over because Tara sprained her ankle. She had to go home and ice it. She wanted to be here." Sophia pouted.
Brit fidgets, "That's too bad. I was really curious to see if she had it in her to be as open as you were today."
Dawn offers a look of awe, "Did Sophia really show off her puss?"
"She had the boys drooling. Heck I was drooling, and I'm not even bi." Brit hesitates, "Yet."
Everyone laughs at her as Lance circles behind the girls forcing them to eye his scrutiny.
"Don't mind me. I'm just checking you three out. Sexy, Gorgeous, and Smokin'."
He points at Cryssa when calling her "Smokin'". She shakes her head not believing that she was all that.
"Thanks. I think." The Pinoy beauty blushes.
He puckers, "I hope you three have what it takes. My sister's damn good at what she does. She shocks me more and more every day."
Sophia looks at Dawn and Cryssa, "Ready to prove ourselves?"
The girls candidly nod their approval and follow Sophia's lead.
"I told Clarence he could keep my panties. I went through practice without wearing anything under my skirt. Luckily our routines never got all somersaults and pyramids."
Brit wags a finger at her comment, "Ah, ah, ah! You should have showed off. I'm sure there were boys there watching. Don't you have a boyfriend Sophia?"
The short haired brunette scowls, "I broke up with Jason two weeks ago. Free agent."
Lance chuckles, "You're free, I'm a gent. Let's date."
Sophia stood there confused until she realized his play on words, "Oh, I get it. Let's not. I like being single right now."
Brit shakes her head, "My brother is such a dork. But, he does bring up a valid point. While you might not date, if you want to be like me you should constantly flirt. Teasing is a top priority."
"We understand that. We love teasing." Dawn consents.
"Really? I guess I've never seen that side of any of you. All I witness is cheerleaders with ego. You think you're better than everyone. Just admit it and we can continue."
Cryssa frowns, "Maybe a little. It comes with the status of cheerleader. I don't think I'm better but I do feel privileged."
"Privy how? You're just another pretty face." Brit points out.
Styles leaps in verbally, "And a hot body."
The girls do their best to absorb Brit's revelations.
"After today I want more boys to see me. It was incredible." Sophia trembles at the thought.
"I haven't seen you." Styles winks at her.
"Here's your chance." With a giggle Sophia hikes her skirt up and shows off her hips, thighs, ass, and snatch.
Both Lance and Styles drop their jaws and rub their chins.
Dawn and Cryssa bulge their eyes and chuckle, "So awesome." They mimic each others words.
Brit gives Sophia a thumbs up then rolls up her own stretchy skirt revealing her naked body from the waist down. The skirt remains wrinkled up and sturdy without slipping down.
"Your turn Ladies." Brit waves her hands at Cryssa and Dawn.
Eying each other and biting their lips Cryssa finally lifts her skirt letting the boys see her deep tan and bushy pubes.
Dawn took the plunge and joined them showing off her creamy body and micro thin red landing strip.
Styles hisses, "She is red all over."
Dawn groans, "Everyone says that."
He throws his hands up, "Sorry! Couldn't help myself. I think your peach fuzz is yummy looking."
"Yummy? You sound gay." Dawn rolls her eyes.
Brit steps up to Dawn, "First rule. Never be impolite. No matter what anyone says we should take it as a compliment. Unless they go out of their way to make us miserable."
Dawn scowls, "I just called it how it sounded."
"Do you want guys to worship you?" Brit points at her, "Then, give them what they crave. Not what makes them feel insecure."
Dawn eyes Styles after a moment to absorb Brit's words, "Want to touch my peach fuzz?"
He nearly faints and nods feverishly.
Strutting closer to him she lifts her skirt even higher in front of him. Styles leans over and presses his fingers into her pubic hair.
"Soft. I bet its yummy. Dang it. I can't stop saying yummy."
The girls all laugh at his expense.
Lance moves in and bends over to literally lick her red landing strip. Once he stands he licks his lips, "Yep. It's yummy."
Dawn shivers and drops her skirt in favor of loss in confidence.
"Don't shy off now Red Riding Hood." Brit chuckles, "Thank the taste tester."
She smirks, "I'm glad you liked it."
Cryssa chuckles, "Mine tastes better." She then proceeds to rub her own clit in front of them.
Lance eyes her, "I'm going in. If I get lost in the jungle send out a search party."
She offers an offended look then pouts, "I know. I need to shave."
"I volunteer to shave you." Styles raises his hand.
"I'll let you as long as I don't bleed out after." She giggles.
Lance again crouches down and licks her clit region and nuzzles his nose in her bush.
Cryssa gasps then lets out a squeal, "Ticklish! Sorry."
Lance looks up at her, "I've been dying to do that to you since I first saw you."
"Really? Awww! That's sweet."
"Eat her on your own time Lance. I'm in training mode here." Brit kicks him in the behind forcing him to stand.
The girls loved Brit's spark.
"I have questions." Sophia chimes in with bright eyes.
"YES I'LL FUCK YOU." Lance quickly replies as Sophia bites her lower lip smiling.
"Knock it off, Lance. Why don't you and Styles run along for now. I want time with my cheering section."
Styles shakes his head, "Let's go watch my Dad practice. He's over at the ball diamond."
Lance frowns, "BORING! I'm starving. Let's grab a burger."
Agreeing Styles and Lance head in the opposite direction.
Brit looks toward the ball diamond hidden by a thick row of trees. Her heart pounds at her memory of Styles father. His dominant lifestyle appealing to her.
"Girls? Let's go tease some real men."
Brit nudges them to follow. Skirts lowered and proper for the moment they walk at a rapid pace to keep up with her. As they brush aside low branches to get through the trees the girls spot six men playing ball.
"See the guy in the Cub's hat? That's Eddie's Dad, "Gary"."
They all agreed he was a stud.
"I know right? The catcher is "Dale". "Pete" is 3rd base this time. "Harlan" pitching. "Carlos" at 1st base. The outfielder I don't know."
Cryssa squints to see the outfielder then cringes, "I know him. His name is Felix. He's friends with my Papa. I can't go out there and do anything in front of Felix. He might tell on me."
Brit frowns, "Risks make for strong orgasms. If you guys only knew the risks I've taken."
Dawn fidgets her lips and looks to Cryssa, "Wasn't Felix the guy that kept staring at you in your bikini when you washed your Dad's Van?"
"Yeah! Creepy."
"Didn't he ask you to wash his car afterwards?"
"Well, yeah. But, my Dad made me wash Mom's car after his. By then Felix left. He said he would pay me but I really didn't want to wash three cars in a row. Besides he and my Dad are drinking buddies. Cards too."
"Car wash? Hmmm. There's a future challenge." Brit chuckles.
Sophia plants her palms on Cryssa's shoulders, "I'll take the risk of whatever Brit challenges me with. You have us to back you up if Felix tells your family."
Cryssa shivers and crosses her arms over her meaty 36D's, "I'll try."
"Good. I'm proud of you." Brit smiles then looks toward the team, "Follow my lead ladies."
Britney Foxx then marches straight toward the diamond. As they get close the team notices and gathers around Gary at 2nd base.
"Don't stop on our account. We just dropped by to watch." Brit hollers.
Gary slides between his friends and approaches the girls.
"Where's my son?"
"He and my brother are hanging out. I hope it's okay for us to watch you guys."
"We would rather watch you." Gary squints, "Who's your friends?"
"This is Sofia, Dawn, and Cryssa." She points to each of them.
"Cheerleaders I see. Come to cheer us on? Real games tomorrow night."
Sofia bats her eye lashes, "I left my pompoms at school. But, I can shake these." then hoists her breasts high.
"Nicely done." Brit winks.
As they banter Carlos and Felix join them eying Cryssa.
"Does "Leto" know you're here?" Felix grins looking her over.
"Nope. Does he need to know my every move?" She points out hesitantly.
Felix shrugs, "You still owe me a car wash."
"I don't have my bikini. I did buy a new one though. Much skimpier. Shoestring style." She shyly blushes.
"Can't wait to see it on you. No need to tell Leto I just said that." He coughs into his hand.
Brit interrupts with, "See? You both want to keep a secret. Hi Felix, I'm Britney. Cryssa wants to get naked here with me. All four of us do. I'll have Gary beat you up if you tell on her."
The rest of the team overhears her threat as they move in laughing.
Pete adds, "When Gary gets done I'll add my own hurt to ya."
Felix lifts his mitt in front of him, "No need. Is this true Cryssa?"
She lowers her eyes then after a deafening inhale she turns and lifts her skirt to show off her purple panties.
"Don't make Felix take those off." Brit hisses with a devilish smile.
Cryssa reaches under and bends over pulling them to her shoes. She then steps out of them. Once in her hand she again lifts her skirt and shows the team her butterscotch bottom.
Brit then nudges Felix toward her, "Make her believe you."
He does by stepping directly over to her and caresses her cheek, "I touched you. If I told your Dad that he would stab me. Secret's safe I swear."
Cryssa again inhales and turns around to look up at him, "I want to wash your car Saturday. I'll wear my bikini and you can suds me up."
The team chuckles as Harlan bursts into his rendition of the 70's tune, "Car Wash".
Brit then shoves Sophia into Dale's space, "Here catch Mister Catcher."
He hugs her and lets his hand creep under her skirt. Looking at his friends he hikes the back up for a perfect bottom view. Pete takes the time to rub Sophia's opposite cheek.
"Harlan. Dawn. Dawn. Harlan. She's red all over." Brit motions for Dawn to entice them.
Beet red Dawn lifts her skirt to reveal her own uncovered landing strip. Harlan in turn rubs her pubes with a wink. She nearly fainted.
Gary growls, "Any of you idiots not realize they may be underage?"
Brit softly snaps back, "All eighteen. Trust me."
Dawn raises her hand hesitantly, "I've only been 18 for 2 days."
Harlan shakes his head adjusting his ball cap, "Damn!"
Dawn's eyes grow wide out of fear of rejection. With a sudden burst of adrenalin she yanks her shirt off over her head and stands there in a lacey black bra.
Brit grins at her pursuit and once she realizes the girls reluctance she moves behind her and unclasps the bra.
"No harm in showing off those barely legal titties. Right?"
Dawn grows pale but removes her bra and holds her clothing. Her perky 36C's were missiles.
Whistles all around.
Felix turns to Cryssa, "Can I see your tits?"
She coyly smirks, "Okay."
In a mad rash her own shirt comes off then her purple bra. Her tits were bouncy and her nipples dark and needy.
"Yeah. Definitely not telling Leto." He reaches in squeezing them as she trembles with doe like eyes. She loved his touch.
Brit sighs, "My mission is complete. I'll be going now."
She feigns walking away when Gary grabs her wrist, "I don't think so."
Brit pouts then whispers, "Save me Eddie. Save me"
Gary sneers at her, "He's not here. I AM!"
She nods, "Why yes you are." She then sheds her clothing to be the first to stand totally naked. The girls could only look at each other.
Finally, Sophia joins Brit by disrobing and snuggling up to Harlan. She cooed at his grip.
Inspired Dawn and Cryssa remove their skirts and join the freedom squad. The team readily approved.
Gary looks around the park for traffic and spots joggers.
"Dugout. All of you."
Brit twists to take the lead then stops, "Only us girls. We're going to play for you."
Clothing discarded all across the grass the girls giggle and sprint to the sunken dugout. Each sitting side by side.
"Legs wide ladies. Fingers buried." She then points to the men hugging the mesh fence above them, "Dicks in hand Gentlemen. Knuckles jerking."
The girls examine their suitors above as they tease themselves by mocking the other. It takes Brit to steam up the dugout by focusing on her viewers.
"Look at them, Girls. Can't you see the hunger in their eyes. Wanting to eat our sweet young pussies. Close your eyes. Feel their tongues digging in."
Her words stimulate the cheerleaders into action. Silently they watch the men fondling their dicks right in front of them. The show became erotic as eyes examine eyes over body parts. It became a display of emotions. The girls deciding that they wanted to impress the men.
The men however lusted over what they were reluctant to take. Fear made them less than impressive. Youth was a strong drug. Yet, age meant severe punishment. Of age or not. Too close for comfort.
Harlan decides to put his dick away and ease from view. Gary nodded his understanding to his teammate.
As Brit noted Harlan step back she removed her burrowed fingers and threw herself into the fence.
"Glory hole, Harlan. Come back here." She wiggles her fingers through the fencing mesh.
The older man smirked then timidly returned to unleash his erection once more. He slips his cock through the fence to let Brit suck on him. The guys all praised his return.
Below them Cryssa and Dawn were squealing at their sensations. Clits rubbed furiously. Holes penetrated. Moans echoing.
Sophia decides to join Brit at the fence where Dale wags his dick through another link. Sophia at first strokes it with a devilish smile. Playful she puckers her lips up and kisses his crown. Seeing Dale tilt his head back and curse under his breath made her swallow him whole. At least as much as the fence allowed.
Felix maintained his attention on Cryssa. She quaked and released a yelping scream as her orgasm found its way out.
"That was beautiful. Come up here and kiss my Muchacho." The Hispanic man taunted her with his own dick within the fence. At first her limbs were weak but she managed to stand, taking Dawn by the hand. Once upright they stumbled to the mesh and Cryssa kissed his dick. Dawn giggled at the face Cryssa made then let out a shrill burst of excitement just before kissing Felix on the crown herself.
"Hey, he has a mouth. I don't." Carlos chimes in.
Dawn turns red and steps over to greet Carlos. Her tongue flicked at his foreskin then took him into her open jaw.
Poor Pete was alone.
He merely watched all four girls giving head at once. He had to sigh at their energy. His friends were all snarling and praising the girls.
Finally, Pete shakes his head and walks away. In seconds he joins the girls down below. Once there he reaches under Sophia and Brit and fingers both girls at one time. Their wiggles proved just how welcomed his hands were. Still they fed.
Juices trickling over his knuckles he decides to move over and do the same to Dawn and Cryssa. Both were tight as hell. Both girls lost their concentration and gave up on their penis partaking.
Snarls were heard from Felix and Carlos as they were abandoned. Down below Pete chuckles at his stolen attentions.
"Guess they can't walk and chew gum at the same time." Pete rambles as the girls hug the fence for support. Orgasms were only seconds away.
As their cries grew more and more intense it made Brit and Sophia strive harder to get Dale and Harlan to voice their own pleasures. That job well done led to mouthful's of glorious jizz. Sophia reacted with laughter as Dale detonated massively catching her off guard. In doing so she retreated just as he nutted a second heaving load. This load squirted across her nose and upper lip.
Brit feverishly worked Harlan in his troubled stammer. He had no difficulty getting hard and thoroughly enjoying her talents. His issue was cumming. He was taking forever. Eventually she coaxed him into frothing her lips. As reward she released him and smothered her entire face in his stew while jerking him.
Harlan gripped the fence peering down at Brit with relief. She gazed up at him with doe like eyes and a whispered, "Thank you." He returned the favor.
Gary who had merely observed decided to join the girls down below. Scooting past Pete's activities he grips both Brit and Sophia to accompany him to the bench. He drops his pants then pulls their wrists to kneel in front of him. Brit motions Sophia to her side nestling in to better greet Gary together. Brit fondles Gary's cock lifting it to expose his bulging nut sack. Pointing to the lowest point of his scrotum Sophia leans under and begins licking it, while sucking off and on his nut.
Brit at first jerked him off then chose to suck his cock as a dual effort. Gary smirked his approval and ran his fingers through the hair of both beauties.
Pete admired Gary's control and chose to escort Cryssa and Dawn into the same joint pose. He lowers his own pants and turns the girls to face him.
Dawn kneels first then Cryssa followed. Within minutes they embarked on the same journey as Brit and Sophia.
Gary and Pete fist bumped at their triumph.
Felix and Carlos decided they were missing out and trampled down into the dugout behind the girls. Felix in his admiration of Cryssa crouched behind her to rub her back and ass. She shivered the entire time. Thoughtful glances met Felix as she licked Pete's balls.
Pete noticed then frowned. He lifted Cryssa up by her hair.
"All yours, Felix."
Cryssa hesitantly followed Felix to another stretch of bench. She started to suck him but Felix gripped her chin and led her to stand. She was then coaxed into his lap with her back facing him. She sat there as his hands crept around her to crush her tits together. She closed her eyes at how good his grip felt. She nestled her ass over his cock until his dick slipped between her legs to rub up along her clit and labia. Her own fingers guided him inside her. The rest was dramatic pose and loving thrusts. Both were needy.
Dawn stopped to watch her friend Cryssa riding Felix and felt concern. That concern led Pete to recapture her attention with a soft hand to her cheek. Her eyes met his and she melted. She on her own stood and straddled his lap. He pulled her chest into his face and fed on her nipples. She surrounded his neck with her arms and planted her chin on his shoulder. He chose to give her his ball cap to wear. She sighed.
Brit was proud of her new friends. She never truly expected them to make this journey so quickly. Her reason for today was to see how genuine they really were with their intentions.
Flying colors.
Brit allows Sophia to resume sucking Gary as she spotted Carlos alone and mildly jerking off watching Cryssa.
Patting Gary she uses her eyes to let him know she was moving on. Gary winked at her then nodded toward Carlos.
"Oh, look you caught me." Brit teases then falls into Carlos arms. As he chuckles she leads him to sit beside Gary and Sophia. Straddling him Brit mounts the Mexican stud. Her gyrations seductive and fluid.
Sophia realized that she was the only one not getting fucked. She couldn't have that. Looking up at Gary she kissed her way up his belly pulling his shirt up on the way. He hoists her 120 pounds up into his lap and rammed his own dick into her. She squealed and leaped into a hug.
Four beauties rode into the sunset.
Team players!
Ball diamonds were a girl's best friend.