Langley, Virginia, USA
CIA Headquarters, NCS Briefing Room
Monday, July 16, 2012 1:18 PM
It was an unusually hot and muggy July afternoon in Virginia. Frank Patterson and Abigail Rogers had been ordered to National Clandestine Service (NCS) offices of the CIA to be briefed on an upcoming mission. Frank being in his early thirties and with NCS division for about a decade was an experience by the book operative. Abigail on the other hand was a slender carefree redhead in her early twenties and had only been with NCS for less than a year. Frank and Abigail had only worked together on one other mission, albeit a short mission in Belize, Central America. Were they had the dubious task of locating an illicit drug distribution network into Mexico and the United States so it could later be interdicted and possibly destroyed. The mission was so successful that both Patterson and Rogers were awarded the Intelligence Medal of Merit and a big pat on the back from their boss Jeff Daniels.
Thank God for air conditioning, Frank thought to himself as he listened to the drone of the unit in the briefing room.
"Frank what is this all about?" Abigail said breaking the silence as they waited for the mission chief to show.
"Your guess is a good as mine Abby. I just work here; they don't trust me with the keys to the shop." Frank chuckled as he adjusted his tie. "God it is frickin miserable outside. I can't ever recall it being so hot in Virginia."
Frank always thought Abby was cute but a bit on the wild side. She looked more like a college girl ready for a party than a field agent. She struck Frank as an unprofessional type. Frank sometimes wondered what the Agency saw in her but during their last and only mission together she did prove resourceful enough in the long run.
"Quit being a baby Frank." Abby said as she fiddled with her hair tie that was holding her long reddish-orange hair in a tightly wound bun. She couldn't help but notice that Frank's nice white dress shirt was soaked in sweat. "Maybe you will get lucky this mission and they will send us somewhere cold."
"What do ..."
Abby was cut off in mid-sentence just as the door to the briefing room came open. Jeff Daniels, a tall stocky man who had just become the current Mission Commander for the NCS Special Assignments Group (SAG) came in and boomed, "Well it is great to see you two. I hope you got some rest from the last mission."
"Why? What kind of trouble do you have for us this time?" Frank asked with a bit of a boyish grin.
Glad you asked. I got something you both may be interested in." Both set eyes now on the SAG Commander.
"The Company is interest in a group known as the Daughters' of Ix Chel. Not much is known about them except what I am about to brief you on so listen up."
"Why is the Company interest in this group?" Frank asked as he squirmed in his chair.
"A certain Mexican official high on their food chain has asked us to get involved in this. They need someone that is not associated or has no known connections to their government, so the State Department has assigned us this mission. Let me be clear. This is only an intel gathering mission. We are not to disrupt the Daughters in anyway at this time. If there is to be any action Mexico's Caldron Administration wants to spear head it."
"So our role is to get entry into the Daughters compound?" Abby asked as she still fiddled with her red hair.
"Compound? It's not a compound my dear. They have control of an island." Daniel said flatly. "And they are well funded to say the least. We need to know who is funding them, what their agenda is, and what people are sympathetic to them in the Mexican and or American or any other governments. We are totally in the dark about this cult. They are very secretive to say the least. Daniels continued as he walked over and shut off the lights and switched on a computer presentation.
"The Daughters are on the Isla Mujeres" Daniels said while pointing at computer generated image of the island that seemed to float in the air.
"Isla Mujeres? If my Spanish is as good as I think it is translates, Island of Women?" interrupted Patterson while sitting forward with interest in his chair.
"That it does my boy. It was named that by the Spanish when they discovered the island in the 16th Century. As you can see here this island state is located in not far from the Mexican state of Quintana Roo on the Yucatan Peninsula and in the Caribbean Sea."
"Just what the doctor ordered another cool assignment." Rogers said smiling at Patterson.
"Ha ha very funny Rogers." Patterson said under barely audible as he forcefully shoved his hands in his trousers.
"Anyway! Daniels continued. "The Company has set you up with a local that may be able to get you onto the island. He is a bit unorthodox at times but he is trustworthy. He is from Louisiana and goes by the name Billy-Ray LeJuene."
Pressing another key and bringing up another computer generated image. This is Terra Volk. She is a former Ukrainian National working in the area and trusted lieutenant to the High Priestess of the Daughter's."
Another crazy bitch Eastern European, Patterson thought too himself. Frank had a bad experience with Ukrainian women when he first joined the agency. Bad enough that he was sure he was going to die.
"There are two ferries that go to the island. One operates from down town and the other one is operated by Ms. Volk and is in the hotel behind the Fat Tuesday Restaurant."
"What else is known about Ms. Volk?" asked Patterson as he raised one eyebrow.
"As always the Company does the best it can but not much is known about Ms. Volk other than she has been the owner of the ferry for about two years now."
"I see." Patterson mused.
"Now this" Daniels continued bringing up yet another image, "is Dr. Samantha White. She is the High Priestess for this cult. She is a former Arizona State University professor. She has a PhD in archeology and wrote a book on Neolithic religions."
"She sounds like a very interesting woman" Abby said. "I think I would like to meet this woman."
"It gets better", Daniels continued. "The FBI believes she was involved with ELF until things got too hot for her and she fled to Mexico to start this little cult of hers."
"E-L-F. What's that?" Abby said as sat back and crossed her legs.
"The Earth Liberation Front (ELF), also known as 'Elves' or 'The Elves', is the collective name for autonomous individuals or covert cells who, according to the FBI, use economic sabotage and guerrilla warfare to stop the exploitation and destruction of the environment.
The ELF was classified as the top "domestic terror" threat in the United States by the Federal Bureau of Investigation has categorized them as eco-terrorists.
"So she is a crazy religious, tree hugging terrorist. Is that it?" Frank asked.
"I think that is it in a nutshell Frank." Daniels said.
"We have created a legend for both of you." Daniels said switching on the lights and handing both Patterson and Rogers a mission package. "Study it. You both work for Pemex; the Mexican-state owned petroleum company as consultants. It's all there in the mission brief and you will have plenty of time to become familiar with it on the flight over.
"Any questions, bitches, grips or complaints?" Daniel asked.
Both Patterson and Rogers looked at each other then back to Daniels and shrugged.
"Great then; you will be wheels up at 05:45 tomorrow out of Norfolk International with one layover in Detroit. You will be flying on Pinnacle flight 4026. We have set you up at the Avalon Baccara Hotel. Have a great trip and stay out of trouble.
Tuesday, July 17, 2012 19:34
Avalon Baccara Hotel
Cancun, Quintana Roo, Mexico
Getting through Customs was not difficult, especially when all you have with you is a carry-on. Even the 13 hour flight from Norfolk to Cancun wasn't really much of a bother to Frank Patterson. Hell he liked flying. It gave him a chance to read through the mission brief and get some much need shut-eye. No, what Frank didn't like was the oppressive humidity and the sweltering heat of the tropics. Frank was from Seattle and he loved the cooler temps and the ever cloudy skies of the Pacific Northwest.
"Let's get our carry-on put away and then get out of here. I want to see if we can locate this Terra Volk and see when we can get over to the island." Abby said as she threw her bag on the bed.
Frank looked around Abby's room. It was identical in every way to his adjoining room next door. It was a nice room as far as hotels are concerned. He had been in some real dumps with his service to the Company in Central and South America. Most places he had been were poor and most of his mission didn't call for him to play the part of an employee to a Fortune 500 consulting firm. This was a definite improvement. The Avalon Baccara Hotel was a four-star resort. The hotel itself was nestled in the Hotel Zone of Cancun that surrounded the large Nichupte Lagoon. The floors of room were of a checkerboard brown and white Spanish tile. The room itself had a high vaulted ceiling made from a richly dark timber and if Frank had to guess from trees in Cuba. Eight potted palm plants encircled the room and the view of the beach and surf from the arched window was spectacular. It was important for their cover that they stay in such luxurious accommodations.
"What's your rush Abby? I thought maybe we could go over the mission briefs once more. Besides we have to find our tour guide, Billy-Ray LeJeune."
"Then let's head down to the beach for a swim and maybe later hang out at the bar. We can catch up with Volk first thing in the morning" Quipped Abby.
"Me at the beach in swim trunks with a Margarita? No, I don't think so."
"Frank you should let your hair down sometime and enjoy life."
"I enjoy life just fine."
"You strike me as the type that sits at home between missions sipping fine French wine and listing to Italian opera records. I am right? Go ahead admit it. I am right." Abby said laughing.
"So what is wrong with French wine and Italian operas?"
"I knew it. You're so fucking uptight Frank. I bet if I swiped my credit card between your ass cheeks you could tell me what the numbers were." Abby said as she flopped backwards onto the bed laughing at Frank's expense."
"Fuck you Abby. Partying is all you think about?" Frank countered with a disgusted look. "You need to get your head in the game."
Rap! Rap! Rap! Came a sound at the door to the room.
"I wonder who that could be." Abby said as she shot bolt upright in the bed with a look of curiosity at Frank.
"Well the door isn't going to answer itself" Frank said as he ambled over and answered the door.
"Hi, I am Billy-Ray LeJeune. You must be Mr. Patterson right?"
Mr. LeJuene or as he liked to be called Billy-Ray was a tall skinny sort of fellow with a distinctly Cajun accent. He was dressed like everyone else on holiday in this part of the world; white Panamanian hat, very loud and colorful floral shirt with white slacks and sandals.
"Yes, we have been expecting you." Frank said.
I was wondering if you folks needed a tour guide while visiting this beautiful paradise."
"Sure, Mr. LeJeune." Frank said as he leaned on the side of the door blocking entrance and view into the room.
"Oh, please my friends at the Company call me Billy-Ray.
"So what exactly are you and what's in the bag?" Frank said pointing at a small brown worn leather case Billy-Ray was holding in his left hand.
Chuckling to himself Billy-Ray said, "I was sent by our employer to show you and Ms. Rogers around that is all. Oh be your point of contact here in Mexico. If you would invite me in we can discuss your itinerary in more detail."
"Ya, sure come on in." Frank said as he stepped out of the way.
Billy-Ray strolled into the room casually and said, "Woo wee! Nice digs. And this must be the lovely Ms. Rogers. Billy-Ray then turned and saw Abby. Extending his hand and saying, "Je suis très heureux de faire votre connaissance."
"Merci! Très heureuse!", Abby said with curious eye.
"You speak French mademoiselle?"
"I lived in Cergy. It's a suburb of Paris. My father worked at the marina's boating school when I was a young girl before moving to the States. Are you familiar with this place?"
"Oh no. I am a simple man from New Orleans and haven't been there since K7."
"K-7" Abby asked.
"Seven years since Katrina."
Abby smiled and nodded in understanding.
"Anyway, Très belle femme." Billy-Ray grinned.
"Merci. What brings you here Billy-Ray? I thought we had to hook up with you in town tomorrow."
"I have some toys for you." Billy-Ray said as he dropped his worn leather satchel on the hard wood table in the room. Opening it he pulled out a pistol and handed to Frank.
"Colt New Agent 9mm. Very concealable and packs a nice little punch at close range. Thank you." Frank said as he worked the gun's slide back and forth to feel its action. Frank liked the look and feel of this gun. At light weight and with a three inch barrel it wasn't a chore to pack this gun.
"And for the mademoiselle; I have this." Billy-Ray said handing her also a small pistol.
Abby held the small pistol in the palm of her hand. It was a two tone Sig P232 .380 caliber. "Merci. I will put this to good use." Abby said as she slid the pistol into her purse.
"I have one more thing." Billy-Ray said as handed Abby a thin grey hard plastic box about the size of her palm.
"What's this?"
"That my dear is the newest thing for getting information in a hurry; very discrete too. It's a shadow drive. The Company has learned that the High Priestess, Dr. Samantha White has a laptop computer she carries around with her everywhere. We think it may have files on it that pertain to all the Daughter's activities and contacts through out the region. The shadow drive need only be placed on or in close proximity of that laptop. Just press the button on the side and the red light will turn green when it is ready to copy Dr. White's hard drive. The shadow drive has a 10 gig hard drive. That is more than enough memory to copy any over the counter system currently on the market. Your cover should get you next to the High Priestess and hopefully in the same room as her device." Billy-Ray explained.
"Well take your time unpacking. The next ferry isn't until 05:30 tomorrow and then every half hour until 20:00. You just missed the last one for the day. Hey do you guys want to get a drink or go do some clubbing?"
Wednesday, July 18, 2012 06:12
Outside the hotel behind the Fat Tuesday Restaurant
Cancun, Quintana Roo, Mexico
"This is where you can find Terry Volk the operator of the Ferry to the island." Billy-Ray said pointing to the hotel across the street.
"Thanks." Frank said as he leaned hard into the battered door of the yellow 67'Volkswagen Beatle they were riding in. The door gave way with a moan as he stepped out and Abby had to slide across the back seat and get out on Frank's side because her door wouldn't open at all.
"What do you say we catch a ferry?" Frank said as he started to jog across the busy street to the hotel that the ferry operated out of.
Once inside it was easy to find the ferry terminal. There was a big sign with the ferry's schedule and fee, seven pesos to ride the ferry to Isla Mujeres from Cancun. Frank and Abby approached an older Mexican woman of a Mesoamerican descent that was working the window.
"Hola. Hablas ingles? Frank inquired to the woman behind the counter.
"Yes, how can I help you?" the woman replied in English with a heavy Mexican accent.
"My partner and I would like to book passage on your ferry to Isla Mujeres."
"That's no problem for her but you, no."
"No. What do you mean no. I have business on the island." Frank said reaching into his pocket. "I have denro. No problem." Frank then said holding up a wad of cash.
"Un momento" the woman said getting up from her stool behind the window and walking away.
As Frank and Abby waited for the woman to come back they scanned the lobby of the hotel. One can never be too careful Frank always thought as he patted his waste band for his concealed Sig 9mm. And it is always a good idea to have a party favor should things get nasty. Frank never had a lot of friends growing up. Frank was a loner and it was hard for him to trust people. Guns, yes, guns he trusted. They seldom let him down.
The hotel was much like the one him and Abby currently had rooms at. High vaulted ceilings, Spanish tile flooring, seascape and Mayan paintings hanging on the walls and people coming and going that were here on holiday. No one really stood out in the lobby.
A woman in her mid-twenties had come out of a door that was obviously part of the ferry operations. She was slender with short red hair that glowed in the morning sun. She had dark freckles on her pale skin from her face to her chest. Frank quickly identified her as Terra Volk. Frank couldn't help but notice her ample cleavage. Frank was fond of girls with big tits, which was unusual to be sure. Frank never had many girlfriends and for sure never had a serious relationship but he did feel an attraction to large chested women."
She had what looked to be a small gold pendant wedged between her cleavage as it hung on a slender gold chain around her neck. If Frank had to guess it was a cross. Ah, Jesus, always is in a good place, Frank mused to himself. Lucky bastard! I hope that when I die big chested women around the world will put my effigy between their tities. Frank almost laughed out loud at that thought.
In a Ukrainian accent Ms. Volk said, "May I help you?" Terra said with a smile as she extend her hand to Frank and then to Abby in greeting.
"Yes, we are looking to book passage to Isla Mujeres." Abby said smiling.
"I see. Well for you it is no problem getting you over to Mujeres but it is highly unconventional for a man to come over to the island unless the Priestess has requested his presence."
"I am sure the Priestess would want to see us. It is important and in her best interest for her to hear what we have to say." Frank said putting on his best business face and thinking her English sounded good. She must have been educated in an English speaking country.
"And why is that? Ms. Volk said flatly. "The island is a woman's retreat and men, unless they are servants. No, that is not the right word is it. How do you say..., ah, yes, employees are the only men authorized to be on the island. What could you possibly have to tell her that wouldn't land you in deep trouble?"
"Ms. Rogers and I represent a geological consulting firm that is currently engaged in business with Pemex. Pemex believes and we agree that the Daughters of Ix Chel are sitting on top of a very large and very lucrative sea of oil. If we could get an audience with the Priestess and explain to her why it would be in her best interest to let us sink a few test wells on the island I think it could be a win-win for everyone. If someone came to me and told me I was going to be a billionaire I don't think I would be all that upset. Would you?"
"Very well then, you can come. But remember one thing. You must follow our customs."
Wednesday, July 18, 2012 07:13
On board the Akhushtal
Caribbean Sea 6 mi. off the Coast of the Yucatan Peninsula, Mexico
"Very odd how upset Ms. Volk was about you coming along to the island. What do you make of that?" Abby inquired as she pulled her jacket snug around her body.
"Who knows, I have seen a lot of crazy things on missions but one thing for sure. Religion scares me more than anything. Especially exotic religions such as this. I remember one time in 2009 I helped Brazilian authorities hunt down, five members of the Kulina tribe in Brazil who were wanted on the charge of murdering, butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act of cannibalism, known as ChaCha. It's funny how people get these crazy ideas and then turn them into even crazier dogmas." Frank said as he ran his fingers through his black hair.
"Don't look, now but here comes Volk." Abby said raising an eyebrow at Frank.
Frank turned in the direction Abby was staring. Terra Volk had changed clothes since they last saw her. She was dressed in a short white dress that just barley covered her white panties and a plunging neckline that ran to just below her breasts. The pendant that hung on a gold chain was not a cross as Frank had suspected but some sort of large cat, like a leopard or even a jaguar. She was quickly advancing across the ship's deck with two very muscular black women flanking her. Volk's companions dressed in black leather pants and black tee-shirts with an odd white colored logo of a kneeling woman holding a flower in her hands and a large snake on her head. The woman in the logo was surrounded by what looked like the moon in its different phases. The two African women had a very menacing look about them Frank noticed. They looked like the type that meant business. Frank's left hand instinctively slid to his backside just to make sure his gun was still in his waistband of his pants. What the fuck is this all about he thought.
"Ms. Rogers", Volk said addressing Abby while obviously ignoring Frank. "We need to get your associate here." She said pointing at Frank. "ready for his entry onto the island. His current attire is entirely unacceptable and will not simply do. Furthermore the two of you need to be instructed on the proper etiquette and customs regarding females and males."
"What is wrong with what I am wearing?" Frank interrupted with an incredulous tone to his voice and his arms spread out.
"Mr. Patterson, from here on out you better get used to not directly addressing any women other than your keeper, that being Ms. Rogers. Moreover, you will do exactly as she or any other woman states at all times. If you would have been hired by us you would have learned all this in our training center but since you are coming almost unannounced then know the Great Goddess, Xi Chel has so has given women the power to create life on this world and therefore we are the true masters of this world. On the island this is a serious violation of our protocols to interrupt your betters. If you have something to say you need to ask permission to speak."
Frank couldn't believe what he was hearing. Ask permission to speak. Your betters. Are these people for real! Just who the fuck, do these women think they are?
Volk spoke again interrupting his thoughts. "It has been ordered by the High Priestess of Xi Chel, may she reign forever, that men are not allowed clothing while on the island. I need for you to remove all your clothing."
Frank just stared at her not quite comprehending her words. Did she say remove my clothing? Frank thought.
"Now. Mr. Patterson."
"Naked! You want me naked." Frank could not believe his ears. These women have gone too far. These bitches are out there like fucking Pluto. "I will do no such thing. You can tell your high priestess that she can go to hell or hates or whatever you call it. I am not removing one fucking stitch of clothing you crazy bitch." Frank replied.
With that Volk nodded her head and the two dark skinned women moved with the grace and power of two pythons. One quickly seized Frank and pinned his arms behind his back with one muscular arm and the other arm snaked around his neck. The other woman then moved in and first ripped his shirt spraying buttons all over the deck of the ship and then moved down and grab the waist of his pants just above his button and zipper. With one rapid jerk of both hands the top button popped off and his zipper ripped open tearing his pants down to his crotch beyond repair. There was also a loud clatter as a metal object thumped onto the deck.
"What's this? A gun?" Volk said with a tinge of amusement to her voice. "What kind of consultant carries a gun Mr. Patterson? Guns are illegal on Murjeres, especially for foreigners. Were you planning to shoot every woman on the island with that little thing?"
"Let him go!" Abby demanded.
Volk spun to address Abby with a feral look in her eyes. "You would do well to stay out of this and learn how to discipline the Eco-Killers." Volk sneered at Abby. "or you may find yourself in the same position or worse. We have rules and laws dictated by the High Priestess, may she reign forever, that are not open for discussion or interpretation by outsiders."
Frank strained to turn away from her gaze as Volk stepped forward and grabbed his white underwear briefs in her fist. With one fluid jerk she ripped them from his waist. The cloth of his underwear stung his flesh as it was pulled forcibly from his body. It caused a searing, stinging sensation as it was torn down the crack of his ass and passed his balls. Patterson watch in horror as his underwear was flung into the air and over the side of the ship like a runaway kite that had broken free of its string.
Terra Volk stepped closer to Frank and wrapped her long fingers around his nut-sack. She then dug her sharp purple lacquered fingernails into the flesh of his scrotum and slowly and deliberately pulled down. A searing pain rippled through Frank's body as the woman viciously left red raised welts the length of his balls. Frank Patterson couldn't help but to let out a small whimper from the intense paid. Volk glared at him with anger. Those blue eyes, so intense. They seemed almost alight.
"You will do what you are told - When you are told." As she still held his manhood in her talons. Her nails further digging into his two orbs that laid at the bottom of his now burning testicles. With an edge of anger entering her voice she said, "Do you understand?"
Frank stood there paralyzed as small tears began to develop in his eyes. "I... I... under...stand." Frank managed to say in a strained voice. And with that Terra Volk released her sharp nails from his ball-sack. Frank's knees buckled and he sagged forward still held from behind by one of the African women.
"Release him!" Volk ordered. Frank pitched face first into the gray metal deck and bashed his head. Frank laid there as everything around him began to quickly grow silent and black. He wondered as he faded out of conciseness how he was going to get out of this predicament.
Saturday, July 21, 2012 13:06
Centro of Isla
Isla Mujeres (N 21° 11' 5" W 86° 42' 50")
Frank and Abby strolled down the street in the downtown area. Well Abby did anyway. Frank was feeling a bit exposed after being forcibly stripped on board the Akhushtal three days ago. Now downtown and still nude he was finding it extremely difficult to adjust and a bit terrifying to be out in the open like this.
The downtown area known formally as Centro of Isla is just four by six blocks, not very big at all for a downtown area. It was fascinating to see but the entire down town was eco friendly. Everywhere you looked there were solar powered vehicles and water collection systems to collect rain water. In the distance down by the beach there were windmills that caught the sea breeze and converted it into electricity for near by homes and businesses. The Daughter's also built a solar array on the southern tip of the island that was of generating five-mega watts annually. There also was a rumor that a project was in the pipeline to building a dynamic tidal power station or DTP. DTP was only theoretical but rumor has it that the Daughter's had found a way past some of the stumbling blocks that prevent it from becoming a viable and inexpensive source of energy.
Frank's head still had a small lump on it where he smacked his head on the deck of the Akhushtal just three days before after he had been assaulted by Volk and her shipmates. For the past three days he had been cooped up in the small two bedroom one bath home that was provided for the pair on the east side of the tiny island. Too shy to venture out into public, Frank just couldn't bring himself to walk around nude in front of everyone. Abby on the other hand had been going out every morning and coming home late each night after clubbing. All this in effort to gather intel on the Daughters, or so she said. Each night Abby would return and assure Frank that it was no big deal for him to go into public in the raw. All men were naked. She told him how cool that was. And that everything is just so raw and honest that way. So after three days of harping Frank finally succumbed to Abby's pleading to get out and see the sights so to speak. Her main argument that finally convinced him was that two sets of eyes were better than one for gathering intelligence. That as usual he was being a tight ass. The reason he had so few friends was that he didn't get out and mingle. Fuck that. He was comfortable with who he was and that was that.
Frank had also noticed that Abby was becoming wilder too. She had let her hair down. It was no longer constrained in the tight bun that she kept it all wrapped up in. And she had started to wear just a bikini top and a pair of denim short shorts and sandals. Abby had even caught him a few times stealing glances at her freckled tits. Which she thought was amusing. In truth she was very attractive. And the more skin she showed the more he wanted to throw her down and impale her with his meat-spear. It was a constant battle to keep his erections at bay when she was around. When asked by Frank why Abby was starting to behave differently she just replied that she was just trying to blend in with the natives so they would open up and trust her more.
Located just eight miles across the Bahia de Mujeres (Bay of Women) from Cancun. The Isla Mujeres is only 5 miles long and half a mile wide at its widest point. Life in this former fishing village was more laid-back and tranquil than Cancun, but that didn't mean there wasn't plenty to do, it just meant the women on this island can do nothing at all if they so desire or fill their days with shopping, snorkeling, swimming or sunning. These women Frank noticed, truly resided in paradise. Frank may have even thought this place was perfect too except that the women controlled everything and the men it seemed were just an after thought that was strictly controlled.
As they strolled through the market area of the Centro they were assaulted by a cacophony of sounds as vendors in the open air bizarre called out to them in hopes to sell their wares. Everything was for sale from silk cloth, Mexican silver jewelry, big straw hats, bikinis, and tee shirts with funny slogans to name just a few. Mostly nude men worked in the vendor stalls for women had better things to do and all the businesses were owned the women anyway. Men were not allowed to own anything on the island Frank came to learn. Everything they needed would be provided for by the Daughters in this gynecocracy society.
Franked asked some of the vendors if they were happy on the island. Most said they weren't but they had no way to leave. However to Frank's surprise one vendor seemed to be happy. When he was asked he replied, "Playin SuperMario, chuggin brews, fightin over KFC menus and eatin Popeye's chicken kept me busy while I failed in the real world. Ya, I am happy here. Things are better for me. Besides, they give me everything I need and girls love playin with my schlong," What a fuckin looser, Frank thought as the guy twisted his hips back and forth making his above average dick swing across his nude body.
"Why do you keep looking at your watch? Frank said to Abby with a puzzled look on his face.
"I just don't want to be late." Abby said as she picked up the pace. "Come on! It's not that much further!"
"Where are we going?" Frank yelled after her also picking up his pace and starting to feel a bit ridiculous jogging down the street with his dick swing back and forth like a loose pendulum and his balls bouncing around like two cats fighting in a sack.
"It's just down this street." Abby said as her level of excitement rose in her voice as two of them ran south on the narrow red brick stone avenue.
As they continued to sprint down the Av Guerrero they came to a small plaza on the left. One side was flanked by a short hedge and the other by an eight foot white stucco wall. The plaza was somewhat raised above the street level and was covered with same red brick stones as was the small avenue they used to get there. The plaza opened up to the sea facing northeast, where the scent and sounds of the ocean was ever present. At the end of the plaza sat a bronze statue of a nude woman coming out of a large seashell holding a fish in both hands towards the sky as if she was offering it to the gods.
But what shocked Frank were the women gathered around the wooden stage next to the statute. Up on the stage bent over and restrained to a wooden frame by all four of his limbs was a muscular man in his early twenties. Behind his bent over body and spread and bound legs was a young woman with short jet black hair and ivory white skin. She had his cock and balls pulled back through his legs as if it were some sort of small tail. The young man was obviously fully sexually aroused as she squeezed and tug on his thick engorged shaft of manhood.
"What the fuck kind of crazy shit is this!" Frank shouted over the cheers of the women as he came to a sudden halt behind a crush of women vying for a better view of this spectacle.
"I know. Isn't this wonderful!" Abby yelled back in utter excitement. "The device he is strapped to is called a Chakmool which is Mayan for Jaguar I am told. It is said that a male strapped to such a device takes on the look and attributes of this noble animal. Just look at him! It is so fucking visceral. Doesn't he look all tense like a jungle cat ready to pounce on unsuspecting prey? God I would like to fuck him. Look at the dick will you."
Frank was shocked. This wasn't like the Abby he knew at all. She was unorthodox and even too out going sometimes for his taste but this was over the top. She could hardly contain her zeal for this display of male humiliation that was before them. Before everyone!
"Are you fucking insane? This is barbaric!"
"Oh, Frank it isn't that bad. Get a grip. Don't be such a prude. Besides it looks like you are kind of turned on by it also." Abby said looking down at Frank's dick as it was semi-erect and starting to stiffen.
It had been about seven days since Frank had cum and at this point the sea breeze could have made him hard.
"Oh my..." A woman next to Frank and Abby commented as she saw Frank's growing and lengthening member. "Is he next sweetie? I would like a chance at milking that specimen myself.
Frank couldn't help but notice how the woman looked at him as if he was a piece of meat at market. Milk! Specimen! Oh hell no Frank thought. There is no way I am going to let these crazy bitches anywhere near me.
"I am thinking... yes. Most definitely yes. Abby replied to the woman.
"Are you fucking mad? Frank said softly in Abby's ear careful not to have others in the crowd hear him disrespecting her and fearing retribution. He couldn't bare the thought of some woman grabbing and digging her fingernails into his balls again.
"Look Frank, we are here to gather intelligence on the Daughter's." Abby said staring down at his dick and smiling. "What better way to gain their trust and entry into their inner circle than to show them that we are one of them, that we are trying to fit in. I have been trying for the last three days to get an audience with the Dr. White and access to her palace but with no luck. How else am I going to get next to that laptop of hers so I can use the shadow drive on it? Look, they simply don't trust me yet and why should they. I have done nothing to gain their confidence. I think something like this will get us noticed. Besides, isn't always you that says' mission first'. So put your money where your mouth is and get your ass up on that stage when it's our turn next. Don't be such a cry baby. Don't' worry it won't hurt."
It! Frank just stared at her and then back up to the stage in shock and a little bit of horror. Milking! I have never heard it called that before Frank thought to himself. I am not sure I can go through with this, mission or no mission. This is shear madness.
Abby continued, "The woman on the stage is performing one of the sacred rights of the Ix Chel religion. They believe that Ix Chel grants favors to anyone that can collect the seed of a man.
The man on the stage began to squirm under his bonds and moan louder as she pulled and teased his ever thickening dong. It was a tug of war that he had no chance of winning. The black haired woman extended her free hand and was handed a jade bowl in the shape of a skull.
"Do you see that green skull? It's actually a bowl made of pure jade? The carvings on that bowl are believed to be truly unique. It is said that this bowl can actually draw your soul into it. It is also said that jade is known for its healing energies, and also for holding the energies of its contents which then can be used for creating and attracting prosperity, good fortune and wellbeing." Abby explained.
The man on the stage could not hold back any longer under the constant pulling and tugging of his swollen member and with a grunt he began to shoot long hot ribbons of cum in perfect timing with his racing heart.
"Oh by the Goddess he is cumming!" cried one woman next to the stage. "Ix Chel surely must be pleased."
"There he blows!" Yelled yet another as she pushing forward to get a better view of this humiliating spectacle.
Everyone was laughing, pointing and cheering as this young man strained to shoot his hot jizz into the awaiting jade bowl. The woman that had been tugging on his cock grabbed his balls when his body had gone limp and gave them a firm squeeze to ensure she had every last drop of this precious liquid. At that point the woman holding the bowl stood from her crouching position and walked to the edge of the stage and held the skull shaped bowl into the air over her head in triumph. The crowd erupted into more cheers and platitudes for a job well done.
Abby turned to Frank and yelled over the din of the crowd, "Let's go we are next!"
Frank froze mortified by the realization that he was to be milked in front of so many strange and wild women. This just couldn't be happening. This just wasn't real.
Abby jerked Frank by the arm. "Let's go!" she yelled once more. Frank's feet began to move forward. It wasn't that he was walking, it was more like the crowd was surging him forward like a wave slowly and inevitably moving toward the shore. It was as if a force of nature outside of his control was pushing him along. He began to pick up speed with each passing moment, threatening to trip him and send him tumbling to the ground. But some how he knew in the back of his mind that in this densely packed crowd of women that would be impossible. As much as he willed himself not to go toward the stage, there was nothing he could do to prevent it.
As the leather straps where being synched tighter on Frank's extremities he finally snapped out of his trance. Frank could feel Abby's presence behind the Chakmool were he lay immobilized and bent over. Every woman who was gathered around the raised platform could see in full view Frank's sex organ and balls dangling between his legs. He could feel the tickling dance of his pubic hair on his balls as gusts of sea breeze surged through his open legs.
A beautiful pair of long legs with a tattoo of a jaguar walked by Frank as he lay mounted on the Chakmool. Try as he may he could not twist his body around to see the woman that had just walked by him and that was now standing near his ass next to Abby. He was just strapped in too well. He really want to catch a glimpse of who was going to do this.
"It appears we have another ready to go! Are you ladies ready for another offering?" The tall woman with the long legs shouted out to the crowd.
Just as she finished her announcement her hand came down with a stinging slap on his bare ass. He could feel the heat rise on his exposed flesh and the crowd of women yelled with approval. These women were here for a show and by the goddess they were going to get one.
"You may begin anytime you are ready." The woman said to Abby.
Abby! It hadn't dawned on Frank until just then that it was to be his partner, Abby that would be doing his milking. With that thunderous realization Abby's index finger began slow swirling motions around the ridge of his circumcised penius head. The sensation of this shot through his penius and to his brain like a bolt of lighting. He felt the familiar sensation in his balls as they prepared for what was to come. Round and round her slender finger twirled. With each and every revolution his cock became longer, thicker and harder. Abby stopped the whirling motion on his ridge and began something new. She took his long engorged penius between her thumb and middle finger and with a light touch began to stroke his member from tip to base. Up and down she methodically stoked never deviating in speed. It was fucking madding. She had been right, it was very visceral. By now his balls were on fire with the desire to release their load. It was like the water behind the dam of a swollen river and the rain was still pouring down. Frank could no longer think. He began to slip in and out of reality. He needed to cum in the worst way. He began not to care who saw him shoot his load. His cum was becoming like a poison to him and all he knew was that his yearning to release this poisons was overtaking his desire not to perform a very private and personal act in front of a crowd of strange women.
The first signs of what was destined were beginning to take place. At first a small bead of precum formed at the tip of his enlarged head. Then as Abby's slow tortuous stroking continued the pecum began to lengthen. His cock continued too drool a long clear thick stream of precum.
Someone from the audience yelled just barely yanking Frank back into reality for but an instant, "We have a precummer!"
Another laughed and shouted, "When he blows it's going to be a big!"
All eyes were fixed on Frank's inflamed dick. Frank began to squirm in his bonds. The leather of those bonds creaked as he strained under the sheer agony of Abby's cock teasing. My god Frank thought this woman is sadistic. Where had she learned these kinds of techniques? Frank didn't figure her to be a virgin at all but she teased his poor cock like a pro. Frank and his cock cried and begged for relief from this onslaught of torment. Please Frank's mind and penius begged. Please hurry! Just grab the god dammed thing and quit teasing it.
Again, Abby switched technique for the third time. Instead of lightly stoking his cock between her thumb and middle finger, she now ran her index finger from the underside base of his cock to the ridge of his head. His dick continued to drool long strings of precum as the intensity of the teasing was building to its crescendo. Frank was losing all use of his senses. Every nerve was shutting down and his mind was fully focused on his groin area. He could not see, smell, hear or think straight. It was as if he was underwater.
The leather of his bonds really began to creak now. His stomach was sucked all the way in as his back strained and arched on the Chakmool. His ass muscle clenched tight and was hard as two granite orbs. His legs threatened to break the straps that held them in place. Frank stopped moaning and whimpering as he clenched his jaw shut and stopped breathing. He had reached the point of no return. Just as he thought his love juice was going to burst forth Abby did something entirely unexpected. She stopped. She fucking stopped! Frank's tortured mind screamed so loud he thought his cranium would shatter like shards of glass from a smashed mirror. His cock twitched back and forth like a loose fire hose that had slipped out of the grip of a fireman as he tried in vein to dowse an inferno.
"Ahhhhh!" Yelled a woman in the crowd. "We got a twitcher!"
"Holy fuck look at that thing go!" Yelled yet another.
All eyes were mesmerized by his convulsing member. It was as if a hypnotist was swinging a watch to and fro. No one could tear their eyes away from the scene unfolding before them.
His hands gripped the Chakmool so hard he thought he would splinter either the wooden frame or the bones in his hands. And then it happened. Frank's poor besieged dick erupted. It erupted like Vesuvius! It shot ribbon after ribbon of pearly white semen. Abby struggled to get the jade bowl in place to catch the first onslaught of his viscous liquid but was unable too.
"One! Two! Three!" The crush of women around the stage yelled. "Four! Five!" his cock still spewed forth twitching uncontrollably. And finally much to everyone's surprise "Six!"
"By the name Ix Chel I have never seen a man shoot that many times."
Frank's senses began to return. He gasped for breath as air rushed into his lungs. As his breathing returned and clarity washed over his mind Frank thought, Mother of God, that was the most intense hand-job of my life.
Abby stood with and raised the jade bowl high for all to see as semen ran down her arm where she had failed to catch the initial discharge of cum. She beamed with pride.
"You have done well." Said the tall woman with the jaguar tattoo on her leg. They are well pleased with your performance."
Abby nodded in agreement and then yelled out to the crowd, "Do you want more? Do you want to see him do it again?
The crowd exploded in cheers for more. Frank struggled to protest but his raspy voice was drowned out by the din of the women calling for more, more, more. Abby had made Frank cum not once more, not twice more but three times more in the next forty-five minutes. The last time she had to yank his cock so hard Frank thought she would pull it from his body. The final time, his poor abused dick shot he just dribbled one pathetic drop of cum. Abby then squeezed his nuts as hard as she could to ensure nothing else remained.
When Frank was finally released from his restraints he just slithered off the Chakmool like a dead snake and lay there in a pool of his sweat. Frank slipped out of consciousness soon after and did not awake until very late that night. When he did come too his head was in Abby's lap, still in the plaza. It was a cloudless night and the sea breeze felt cool on his naked body. Abby was stroking the hair on his head in a motherly concerned way. She looked into his bloodshot eyes and spoke gently to him and said, "We did it Frank. We fucking did it."
"Did what?" Frank managed in a dry cracked voice.
"After our little show we were invited to the High Priestess' palace. There is a party this Friday for some Mexican dignitaries. The High Priestess will be there and more importantly her laptop should be there as well. It looks like we have a green light."
Nothing stirred. Nothing moved. The town had an eerie calm to it. Like the calm before a storm. His balls ached. His dick was rubbed raw and stung to the touch. Frank laid there and wondered what else was to be demanded of him. What else does Abby have planned for him? What else must he do for king and country? There seemed to be too many questions and no answers. Frank could only manage a half smile and then fell back asleep.
Friday, July 27, 2012 21:00
Palace of the High Priestess
Isla Contoy
The High Priestess' Grand Palace was not located on Isla Mujeres as one would have expected. The High Priestess demanded privacy and seclusion. Better to bolster her image of being untouchable and aloof. No, her Grand Palace was located on Isla Contoy. Isla Contoy was a small uninhabited island 15 miles north of Isla Mujeres and a former bird sanctuary for more than 70 species, including some large nesting colonies and wild frigates. Declared a National wildlife reserve in 1961 before the island was purchased from the Mexican government and became part of the island nation of Mujeres, there was a small museum and a lookout tower that provided a spectacular panoramic view. This museum and tower was remodeled and is now today's Grand Palace.
Tropical storm Ernesto had been upgraded to a full-blown Cat 3 Hurricane just two days before and the Isla Mujeres and Isla Contoy lay directly in its course. With anticipated winds in the neighborhood of 125 mph or more the Mujeres' populace was busy boarding up and shoring up shops and homes. They wanted to mitigate as much structural damage as possible. Men under the direction of the women had been laboring hard since Wednesday preparing for the worst.
Despite offerings to Huracan, Lord of the Whirlwind, tonight's storm slammed into this Caribbean paradise. As lightning sizzled and thunder boomed and the sea swells threatened to drag both islands back into sea, the palatial party still proceeded as planned. Not even Huracan himself and all his furry could dissuade the High Priestess from having a little fun. Besides everyone was now trapped on the island, prisoners of Mother Nature and her wrath. No captain was fool enough to take to the seas and no pilot would brave the skies in such a maelstrom of destruction.
The female guests all sat around a large black oak table for a feast. The males stood with their backs against the wall behind their respective patrons. Frank scoffed at the term 'patron' as the women like to be referred to when it came to describing the male-female relationship that had become the social norm on this sliver of land.
Frank came to realize it was more like slave-master dynamic with him in the role of the former. In the twenty-first century slavery should have been nonexistent, its last ember of oppression stomped out of reality, but no, here it wasn't an ember, it was a bonfire. It was a bonfire that raged across this island engulfing all aspirations for a civilized society. Men were nothing more than slaves in all but name in service to women. Slaves that not only had to do the heavy lifting of physical labor but were also expected to satisfy any and all sorts of sexual depravity that their overlords could envision. The spectacle of his forced masturbation six days ago stood testament to such deviant desires of the ladies and their new found religion. A religion, as far as Frank was concerned was nothing more than a license to discard social standards of a civilized world and embrace unrestrained hedonism at the cost of their male counterparts' rights and dignity.
Historically, the Isla Mujeres was a fishing village that had a quaint charm and tranquil atmosphere. There was a time in the not to distant past before the Daughter's rise to power on this island nation that one could stroll the streets in the evening and see families gathered together in Caribbean style homes, tucked between stores and restaurants, mending their fishing nets and relaxing. But all this was now gone. It has been replaced by a female dominated society and a gynecocratic government.
Frank made up his mind days ago after his ordeal in the plaza that should he and Abby complete their mission and escape this place he would return and form a resistance movement and topple the High Priestess and her government. Frank would hope for the CIA's blessing of course but with the Company's blessing or not he vowed to set things right again and return to this island and help it regain its former self.
When the meal was concluded the guest began to mingle. As promised there were many important Mexican dignitaries, dignitaries that secretly supported the High Priestess and her government and wanted to remain in her good graces. Frank recognized some of these people from the file he studied on the flight over to Cancun from Norfolk. Present was the Secretary of Foreign Relations, Secretary of Labor and Social Welfare, and the Secretary of Tourism, all important cabinet positions in the Calderon administration of the Mexican government. Frank could only surmise that these women owed a debt to the High Priestess. It was suspected that she supplied huge sums of money to ensure their appointments to these cabinet posts. Frank hoped the money trail and proof of this was on the High Priestess' laptop, proof that would compel Mexico and her allies, like the US to impose sanctions on this tiny island nation. Frank further postulated that it was her grand plan to rig Mexican elections and influence officials in appointing women to high offices through out the government. It would then stand to reason that some day she could turn all of Mexico and maybe the entire region into a female dominated kingdom such as she enjoyed now on this tiny Caribbean island.
Frank leaned into Abby and asked all too softly, "Hope you have the shadow drive. I don't think we will get another chance like this."
"Don't be silly Frank." Abby said through a smile and a nodded at a passer by.
Frank looked up and down at Abby who was wearing an elegant black dinner dress. Frank noticed that there was not a pocket on it nor did she carry a handbag. He stared at her in shock and said incredulously, "Where in god's name did you hide it?"
Abby still smiling replied, "It's in my bra, silly."
"What the fuck? What if they search you? That is such an obvious place isn't it?"
Turing and looking Frank dead in the eye Abby said in a sarcastic tone, "I suppose that I could have just rammed it up your ass. No one could get in there for god's sake because you're such an uptight asshole. Relax Frank. I have everything under control."
"When we get in the room with the laptop I may need you to cause a diversion so I can get next to her device with the shadow drive."
Frank nodded as if he understood.
A tall and beautiful blonde woman glided across the room toward Abby and Frank. She had long slender and shapely legs. Frank looked down those legs and recognized the jaguar tattoo. This was the woman on stage that he couldn't steal a glimpse of six days ago in the Plaza.
She spoke with almost a purr, "Please excuse me. I am Hanna Grey we meet earlier this week in the Plaza Centro."
"Yes, I do recall, on the stage, right? How could I forget?" Abby said taking a sip of her wine and smiling. "It is so very nice to see you again."
"I am so pleased that you and Mr. Patterson were able to come this evening. I hope your journey wasn't too perilous, with the storm and all going on outside. I must admit I was very impressed by you and Mr. Patterson's performance the other day in the Plaza Centro. You and he have become quite the topic of conversation around the island. You're a bit of a café celebrity as you are no doubt aware of by now. I don't think any woman has ever been able to make a man have so many orgasms in such a short period of time. What was it exactly, four, in forty-five minutes?"
"You flatter, surely. And yes it was four, in forty-five. That last one I thought was a bit of a weak performance though. I am not sure if it should have counted. It wasn't much of a spurt at all. It was more of a strained blob fighting all my efforts all the way to the end. But I do love a challenge." Abby said taking another sip of her wine.
Ms. Grey smiled and said, "But still. You must admit an orgasm none the less. I thought your man was going to grind his teeth into powder he was straining so hard. Hell, I am surprised he did not rupture one or both of his testicles."
Frank wasn't opposed to being naked in front of strange women all the time. In fact in the nine days that he and Abby have been on the island he had grown accustomed to it. Maybe this mission was helping him learn how to come out of his shell, he thought.
The real issue now as Frank saw it was that he had no control of his erections. It was as if he was in junior high again. A constant none stop war against mind over matter. He just could not by the force of will make his raging erections abate. Every time he saw a striking woman his dick would begin to stiffen like a divining rod when water was near. And there were a lot of pretty women on this island nation. Most of which strolled around half nude themselves in very revealing bikinis. It was infuriating that everybody on this blasted island knew the moment he became sexual aroused.
Hanna smiled as she saw that Frank's dick was becoming stiff and said, "Mr. Patterson it appears that you find me attractive. Yes?"
She held up a hand and said with a sly grin, "No need to answer. Your little general betrays you sir. That's twice in a week you have pointed that thing at me. I should be careful around you. I could loose an eye or something. You're a dangerous chap aren't you?"
Frank had no way to control his ever hardening cock. The more she stared the more it grew and the thicker it was becoming. He was screaming in his mind; please stop leering at my dick for god sakes.
Hanna just stood there smiling, first looking into Frank's eyes and then back down at his growing member. Then she finally said with a giggle. "That looks like it is getting painful Mr. Patterson. Maybe we should have you perform for us tonight. We should disarm you before you go off and accidentally spray someone."
Frank's heart skipped a beat as it sunk in at what she was implying. His eyes grew wider with terror at the though of masturbating in front of all the party guests. It was one thing to cum in front of the masses like he did in the plaza but in front of these people. Important well connected and important people, was taking this shit to a whole new level.
"No I don't think that would be necessary." Abby chimed in now looking disapprovingly at her now empty wine glass and frowning. "Frank's dick is still recovering from the awful beating I gave it a few days ago back in the Plaza Centro. Abby snickered at the sudden rush of memory from that day and continued. "And I don't think his poor balls can take another round either for that matter." She said with an ever deepening smile. "I had to ice Frank's poor beleaguered nut-sack after that little performance. No, I think it would be best if we gave him just a few more days of recovery. You see Frank is like a fine thoroughbred. A thoroughbred is propagated with the soul purpose of providing the best performance possible. If one pushes a thoroughbred too hard too often you could injure them, even kill them. Wasting all the effort and expense it took to raise and train them. No, Frank is a rare breed. Even a champion, if you will. I think Frank would be best left in the stable for a few more days to recoup his energies. I want him to cultivate a heavy load and then I promise you; he will give you a performance that would be worthy of a blue ribbon. One you could even tie around his little general." She finished looking down and smiling at his erection and the bead of precum that was forming on its tip.
Hanna Grey reached down with a finger and plucked the bead of premum off Frank's dick. Laughing and rubbing the precum between her finger and thumb she said, "Bravo. Well said Abigail. Well said. I truly look forward to your thoroughbred's performance then in the near future. I know that the High Priestess, may she reign forever, looks forward to it as well. She has heard the stories and can hardly contain her enthusiasm. It's hard to find such good quality stock on this island. You have a real stud here. Please by all means, let him rest."
A sense of relief washed over Frank. Abby saved his ass from a humiliating performance.
"Come let me introduce you to The High Priestess, may she reign forever. She is like I said eager to meet you. She is in the amphitheater with others I would also like to introduce you too. Oh, and please bring Mr. Patterson with you. I am sure she will be thrilled to see a real live thoroughbred."
---
The trio; Hanna, Abby and Frank had come in the upper most entrance of the amphitheater looking down the rows of seats that were in a half moon shape around a small raised stage. On the stage was a large gilded chair at the head of a conference table. All around the room in strategic places were women in black tee-shirts and leather pants, much like the women that were aboard the Akhushtal with Terra Volk. Except these women look more muscular if that was even possible. Frank had come to realize that this was the state police or enforcers. They imposed the High Priestess' laws. At the moment the amphitheater was being used as one big meeting room instead of its intended purpose, the entertainment of the masses.
A very attractive fiery redheaded woman sat on this gold chair listening to a small group that was around her at the conference table. On one side of the stage stood what appeared to be a wooden desk from Mexico's colonial period, early 18th Century Frank surmised. On the desk sat a pile of papers and files and two other objects, an antique lamp that barely provided enough light to work by and a laptop computer. This must be Dr. White's private desk. Abby's heart skipped a beat when she saw the machine sitting out in the open so prominently. Abby nudged Frank and jerked her head in the direction of the desk. Frank saw it too because his eyes grew wide for a brief second. Fuckin jackpot. Frank thought to himself. That's the god dammed laptop.
Putting on their best poker faces they descended down to the small stage at the bowels of the amphitheater. As the trio came closer a woman in the group that was gathered around the High Priestess turned and raised an eyebrow in recognition. There was no mistake. It was Terra Volk and she appeared to be holding a leather leash in one hand. At the other end of the leash on the floor was a man. Raised welts lay all across his body. Frank and Abby immediately knew the man; it was Billy-Ray LeJeune. That fucking sadistic Ukrainian bitch.
"What is this!" Frank blurted out. "What the fuck have you done to him?"
The backs of Frank's knees were immediately struck from behind and Frank toppled over on to his ass as his legs gave out. As Frank lay on the floor staring up at the ceiling trying to puzzle out what had just happened. Hanna Grey placed a foot on his neck. Frank's gaze followed Hanna's leg all the way up her short dress to a clear view of her shaven pussy.
Hanna turned to Abby with her foot still on Frank's throat and pressing down harder said, "You better teach your dog some manners. He forgets where he is." And with that she kicked Frank squarely in the ribs not once but twice. Frank rolled over holding his bruised ribs. He laid there withering in pain on the floor sure his ribs were broken or at least bruised from the sudden onslaught.
One of the women who wore a black tee shirt approached Frank and produced a ball gag from her pocket and forcefully shoved it into Frank's open mouth. "That should silence that dog." She announced with some satisfaction.
"Enough!" ordered the High Priestess. "I am sure our honored guests meant no disrespect. After all they have been here such a short while. Does not Ix Chel teach us to be compassionate? We must be accommodating sometimes and forgive a transgression or two."
"As you wish Mother." Hanna said with a bow of her head.
Turning the High Priest said, "Bring Ms. Rogers and Ms. Grey some wine. They look like they could use some refreshments."
Quickly a serving boy of about eighteen entered the room, dick bouncing up and down and balls jiggling to and fro holding a silver tray with some wine glasses containing some dark red liquid perfectly balanced on it.
"Mr. Patterson, you must think us barbaric, yes?" The High Priestess said as she stood and walked over to Frank extending her hand to help him up. She, like so many other women on this island, was beautiful beyond reproach. But there was something else about her. Something Frank could not put his finger on. She was regal. Yes, that was it, regal. Her mere presence was commanding and charismatic. She was not flamboyant or showy like so many other despots. She had real grace. Frank looked into her eyes. He could also see that she was also intelligent and calculating. This was a person not to be fucked with for sure.
"Please, Mr. Patterson. Take my hand and stand. And please no more outbursts. There is no need to be insulting. I would be glad to explain what is going on here. You need only to ask. I hope to explain our point of view to you so that you can go back home and have your masters understand our position on oil drilling on any land we control or ever will control. "
Frank stood. His legs were a bit wobbly from being taken out so forcibly but he found his balance and stood.
"You see Mr. Patterson we are not barbarians at all. I know sights like these." She said pointing over at Billy-Ray who was leashed, "may seem like barbarism but I assure you they are necessary. This man is a suspected spy and terrorist. If I am not mistaking your own government treats your enemies the same. What is it you call it? Ah yes, enhanced interrogation techniques. I bet your Guantanamo is full of such practices." She noticed the frown and expression of denial on Frank's face and continued. "Don't try to deny it I saw the pictures from Abu Ghraib as well. Interesting and effective, yes? He will tell us every sorted detail eventually.
Ah, but I digress. A nasty habit I picked up in a former career, teaching. You see we seek a new order. An order of eco-purity if you will. In the beginning humans had developed the realization that their life was finite; that they would all die. This resulted in the development of religious beliefs. Societies which relied mainly on hunting by men naturally developed hunting gods to worship. Those in which gathering were more reliable generally created vegetative Goddesses. The importance of fertility in crops, in domesticated animals, in wild animals and in the tribe itself was of paramount importance to their survival. The female life-giving principle was considered divine and a great mystery.
Before I assumed the role of High Priestess here I was a professor of archeology with ASU. My research led me to the conclusions that men are the cause of all the woes this planet currently suffers." She smiled and assumed the role of professor once again.
"Female led cultures of the past lasted for tens of thousands of years, far longer than any of today's Male led cultures. Don't believe me? The proof is in the archeology. Matriarchal societies generally lived in peace. My digs showed a notable lack of defensive fortifications around their hamlets. Their societies were matrilineal; children took their mothers' names, life was based on lunar; not solar calendar and time was experienced as a repetitive cycle, not linearly as we think of it. In other words they lived in peace and harmony with their surroundings."
Frank reached up and pulled the ball gag from his mouth and noticed that Abby was trying to figure away over to the laptop that was only a mere few feet from where they now stood. Frank needed to think of a diversion, something, anything that would draw attention away from Abby and onto him.
The High Priestess strolled toward the boy with the tray of wine and took a glass for herself and handed another to Frank. Sipping the wine she continued, "So what happened to the matriarch societies and their goddess based religion? Many academics including myself believe that the suppression of Goddess worship occurred, when the Indo-Europeans invaded Europe from the East. They brought with them some of the "refinements" of modern civilization: the horse, war, belief in male Gods, exploitation of nature, and knowledge of the male role in procreation. Goddess worship suppressed by a variety of Pagan polytheistic religions.
So now today because of those so-called changes and under male-dominated farming and animal husbandry, the plants, animals, and soil are forced to produce beyond their natural capacities. Nature works in coordinated cycles, and when a harmonious cycle is ruined, like it has been, a cycle of destruction takes its place.
Men usually cum once and then have a natural period of relaxation so that they may become recharged. So, when a man is placed on the Chakmool we force him to cum and cum over and over again so that we can remind men how unnatural it is to force the Earth to produce beyond its natural limits. Men soon realize how unnatural and exhausting it is to be put through this and begin to appreciate nature and its natural rhythms.
For at least a half a million years human beings survived as pagans, not because they were savage and stupid, as missionaries would have us believe, but because "pagan" means "of the land"-it is a spiritual orientation that link people, body, mind, and soul with the intelligence of the earth. In contrast male-dominated religions and cultures have assumed that the earth is stupid, and proceeds to "replace" her ways with man-made ways.
Because of the male-dominated religions of today and the suppression of women it can be argued that men are destroying our very existence on this planet. In short it is men and their ways that are barbaric. I mean to save Mother Earth through the religion of Ix Chel."
"You're fucking mad lady. Frank said looking her straight into her green eyes.
With that last statement two enforcers in the black tee shirts grabbed Frank by the arms and dragged him to the opposite wall from where the laptop was. Frank was pushed to the ground and his hands were tied to an iron ring that protruded from the base of the floor. The women quickly tied a rope around his ankles and hoisted him by his legs into the air. Only his shoulders, head and out stretched arms remained on the ground. His body formed the letter 'L' in its new position.
This was the moment Abby was waiting for. She had to hand it to Frank. He stepped up and took one for the team by causing this little distraction. Secretly she hoped that they didn't hurt him too bad but she knew what was coming. She had seen disobedient males punished before.
With everyone watching Frank, Abby quickly pulled the shadow drive from her bra and switched it on. When the green light indicated it was ready she quietly stuck it on top of the laptop. A tiny motor inside the drive whirled to life as it began to gobble up all the information on her device.
"Am I? Just like a man. Attacking anything he fears or does not understand. Men are so primal and ignorant in their ways. Do you deny that this planet is dying? Everywhere you look there are signs. It is getting warmer every year. The ice sheets are melting. Sea levels are rising. Droughts and floods are being reported in every nation. Storms like the one we are having tonight grow more frequent and more intense every year.
Your company is one of the main producers of poison. It produces fuel that chokes the planet with carbon dioxide."
A door on the same wall next to Frank was opened. A small metal cart was rolled out by a heavy set nurse in her early forties. On top of the cart was a bottle of clear oil and a slender white angled plastic rod with a bulbous tip. Next to them was a pair of white latex gloves and a jade bowl. The High Priestess took the gloves and slipped one on each hand. Satisfied that there were no holes in them she reached for the oil and rod.
"I will deal with him myself", she said waving the nurse away.
She then poured a more than amply supply of lubricate onto the rod.
As the clear slippery liquid ran down the rod and pooled on the floor the High Priestess looked down at Frank and smiled an evil little smile, "Mr. Patterson since you can not or will not comprehend what I am trying to convey to you in an intellectual way then maybe you will understand it in a physical way. It seems men learn better in that manner anyway.
Myself and liked minded people around the globe have had enough of the ills your patriarchal society has brought to us. This is the dawn of a new era. We are now in a position to do something about it and we will. I think it is time you feel what Mother-Earth feels when you drill for oil in her life giving soil. When you go back home, you can convey to your bosses and stockholders we are not interested in the rape of our planet. Some things are more important than money. Greed and corruption is what is bringing the death to this world as we know it. Men will not be happy until nothing is left and all living things are dead."
Two enforcers came over and one snapped a contraption on Frank's head to keep him from turning his head from side to side. Another knelt down and pried Frank's mouth open with a spider gag. All Frank could do now is look straight ahead at the ceiling with his mouth open.
Finally, the nurse came over and clamped a metal ring around his testicles. A short steel cage was next slipped over his dick and then padlocked to the ring around his balls. Because it was shorter than the length of a man's full size erection it would prevent the penius from growing to its full potential when he became aroused.
The High Priestess took one of her gloved hands and spread his ass cheeks with her thumb and index finger. "You may be wondering what this is." As she held it up so Frank could see the rod that was coated in oil. "It is called an Aneros. Some find it pleasurable and some don't. I supposed it is all in how it is used. It is however anatomically designed to fit perfectly into the cavity of the male body.", and then without much labor impaled him with the odd looking plastic rod. Franks instinct was to clench his ass mussels but it was too late. The odd device was firmly inserted in his rectum.
Franked gasped as it found its mark. As he lay there he opened his eyes in shock at this new found sensation. Frank found this sensation strangely sexually arousing. Frank's dick began to stiffen at this and he soon discovered another new sense, an uncomfortable feeling unlike the one in his ass. His dick became constrained under the restrictive cage that was fastened onto his member.
The High Priestess loved this about men. With this technique you could cause great conflict in a man's mind. On one hand you were rubbing their G-spot and on the other you were causing pain and discomfort to their favorite toy, their dick.
Dr. White moved the Aneros in an up and down motion inside Frank's body as she massaged his prostrate gland. Quickly a bead of precum formed on the tip of his penius. The nurse moved toward his semi-erect cock to catch any cum but was once again waived away by the High Priestess.
"We will not need to collect any semen from Mr. Patterson." She said.
The bead rapidly began to lengthen as it became an unbroken string of cum dangling from his caged cock. The pressure around his penius grew more and more intense as his prostrate was being massaged. His sex organ gently swayed to and fro from the rocking motions of the High Priestess as she continued the message. The cum was now threatening to come in contact with Frank's face as it hurried forward becoming longer by the second.
"What do you think of this?" Dr. White said smiling at Abby. "It's hard to tell with the spider gag in his mouth but he might be enjoying this."
Semen was now pouring from his dick and swiftly spreading all over his face. His once full prostrate was now pouring forth like a rushing torrent. Frank began to choke and spit as it ran into his open mouth.
"Are you intending to drown him in his own cum?"
"Goodness no. This is much like water boarding. The victim feels as if he is drowning but is not actually drowning.
I just want him to feel what it is like to rape the earth. Men need to learn to think first about the environment before profits. Too much of a good thing can also be uncomfortable, even deadly."
After about fifteen minutes of this the High Priestess pulled the Aneros from Frank's rectum when the semen stopped flowing. Satisfied that his prostrate was empty she smiled.
Frank coughed up the last of the sperm that was running down his throat and noticed Abby was by his side now and speaking with the High Priestess. She looked down at him and winked, then smiled which he took as good news. She then continued speaking with Dr. White. He could not quite make out what they were saying but from what parts he did hear it sounded like Dr. White was letting Abby know that she would not be interested in an oil contract. In which Abby thanked the High Priestess for her hospitality and said they would depart when the storm had subsided.
Frank smiled; the shadow drive had done its job.
Langley, Virginia, USA
CIA Headquarters, NCS Briefing Room
Monday, July 30, 2012 16:45 PM
Abby was the real hero in Frank's mind. She had orchestrated one of the biggest intelligence coups of her career and was able to some how obtain the release of Billy-Ray LeJeune. Once he thought her unorthodox approach to problems were dangerous but he now realized that this approach was not a determent but a real asset.
Gaining access to Dr. White's inner circle and Dr. White herself was nothing short of brilliant. Frank and Abby came to an understanding on the way home from Cancun that they would not mention everything in their mission reports. The CIA did not need to know about Frank's very public masturbation on the Chakmool or about the Aneros being shoved up his ass. Those little secrets they would keep to themselves.
What was important was just how dangerous Dr. White and her minions were to the area. They posed a clear and present danger to the United States and the people of the Western Hemisphere. Their plan for hemisphere domination must be stopped. Though Frank was not anxious to go back to Murjeres he would bring it up with his superiors. He felt a need to go back and mount an insurrection to liberate the tiny island nation. The men of Murjeres deserved a fighting chance. There was also talk about infiltrating the Ministry of Science and Research to obtain the schematics for a working dynamic tidal power station. This information was worth its weight in gold to US energy companies.
Abby on the other hand was being considered for promotion. The information gleaned from the High Priestess' hard drive was a real intelligence boon for the US and Mexico. All the members of Dr. White's inner circle and traitors to the Mexican and surprisingly American governments were on there. Misinformation could be fed to them now and oversees and domestic bank accounts could be emptied or frozen under the guise of tax fraud or international terrorism. Pressure from all sides would be brought to bare now to cause the demise of Dr. White's government. In the end she would be hunted down and put in prison for her crimes.
Frank smiled, now we will see who gets fucked in the ass he thought to himself. Now we will see.