I was still staying with my parents, a few nights after Christmas. Dad, bless him, had been telling Dave I didn't want to come to the phone when he'd been calling. I told him to tell Dave I was out. It'd do him good to wonder where I was and what I was doing. To say nothing of who I was doing.
The night before I was planning to drive home, I called Dan and asked him to pick me up. I wanted to have a bit of a night out to celebrate. I'd figured that Dave's cheating on me meant I had a pass, and I meant to use it. Before I left my parents' house, I took my wedding ring off, and left it on my bedside cabinet. It was going to be one of those nights.
When I left the house, I could see Dan's van sitting by the side of the road, and I headed over and got in on the passenger side. I reached over and kissed him, passionately.
"What did you want to do tonight then?" he asked, disentangling himself from me.
I put my seat belt on.
"You know, I've thought I might go and see Bob again. The old guy in the bar. After all, him feeling me up was what set me off again, and I feel I should, uh, thank him."
"Thank him?"
"You know what I mean. I was thinking you could stay in the van and tell me what to do in text messages again. That's how I first met him, after all."
He checked his mirror and pulled away.
"What the lady wants," he said. "Have you figured out what you're going to do when you get home yet?"
"I'm not sure. I'll see what Dave wants to do, but at least he's not the only one getting fucked at the moment."
Dan pulled in to the parking lot of the bar and parked. He turned the van off and went through to sit on the back seat. I followed him through, and opened the side door.
I got out and stood next to the van.
"How do I look?"
"I have no idea," he said. "Unbutton the coat."
I unbuttoned my coat, holding the sides apart for him. I was wearing the shortest skirt I'd brought, but it still came down to my knees.
"You look like a dowdy MILF," Dan said with a slight grin.
"I can fix that," I said, and turned the skirt around so the button and zip were in front of me. I was originally going to roll it over at the top to make it shorter, but then I thought "fuck it" and undid it, dropping it down so I could step out of it. I tossed it into the van.
"How about now?"
"You look like a dowdy MILF without a skirt on," Dan said with a bigger grin.
"Fuck you," I said, and unbuttoned my blouse. I pulled my arms inside it, then put my arms back in my coat. I tossed the blouse into the van too.
I held my coat open again.
"Better?"
"A little," he said. "But that's not the sort of sexy bra you used to wear."
I looked down at my bra. It was nice, white, with lacy edgings, but it wasn't a pushup bra or anything. I sighed, and reached back and unhooked it. I pulled the straps over one arm at a time, taking my bra off. I tossed it in with the other clothes.
"Now?"
"Eh," he said.
I looked down at my bikini panties. I thought they looked nice, but they weren't sexy, like a thong or G-string would be. I figured I was going to go all in anyway, so I slid them down my legs, and stepped out of them. I tossed them in, and held my coat open again. I still had my sparse pubic hair, as I just hadn't felt like shaving it all off. Besides, a lot of guys like to see you're a natural redhead when you're a natural redhead.
"Much better," he said, "just a shame about the heels. So what's the plan?"
"I'll go in and find Bob, then see how things go. I'll text you."
"And if he isn't there?"
"I'll see if there's anybody else I like the look of, or I'll come back out."
I buttoned up my coat and walked across the parking lot to the back door of the bar. I felt cold, and tingly. I was nervous, but buzzing, looking forward to how the evening was going to go.
Once in the bar, I looked around, starting at the bar. There was Bob, talking to the barman, he had his back to me. I walked up next to him.
"Buy a girl a drink?"
He seemed a little surprised to see me.
"I thought you'd have gone home by now," he replied.
I didn't sit down, I figured I'd stand closer to him. I also didn't have to worry about my buttons coming undone or anything.
"Not yet," I said. "I'll probably go back tomorrow. Not much to go home to, really."
I asked the barman for a large white wine. I thanked him when he brought me one, and chugged it.
"Another?" he asked. I nodded.
He poured another glass, and I just looked at it on the bar. The barman went away.
"Dutch courage?" Bob asked. I nodded. I was going to need a lot of courage to get through this.
"So I hooked up with my friend again for my last night before I go home," I said, "and he's telling me what to do. Interested, or should I go somewhere else?"
"Oh god, I'm in," he said.
After a brief pause, he asked "Why do you this?"
"Because it turns me on," I said. "I like doing things that a lot of people would find scandalous, and I guess I like the thrill of maybe getting caught. And hey, why shouldn't I?"
I looked at him.
"Why are you doing this?" I asked him.
"Look love, I'm old, past my prime, and the wife's just waiting for me to drop dead. This is the most fun I've had in years."
I unlocked my phone, and he watched as I typed to Dan.
All set
He replied quickly, and I showed Bob what it said.
Undo the middle button
He looked down at me, then looked around the bar, behind us. I'd expected to go to the men's room rather undress here, and this was making me nervous. But I'd roll with it. For the moment. Right, I thought, let's do this.
I softly spoke so only he'd hear "go on then."
He took a beat, but then he reached over and undid the middle button. I carried on facing the bar, so nobody could see me.
I texted Dan.
Done
He texted back straight away. I read it, and showed Bob the message.
Put your hand in
I put the phone down on the bar, and steeled myself. I didn't want to jump or act weird and draw attention to us.
He reached across himself and slipped his fingers into my coat. So, now he knew at least that I wasn't wearing a blouse.
He stroked my tummy while I texted Dan.
Done
Dan replied quickly. I pretty much knew what it was going to say, but I read it anyway and showed Bob.
Undo the next button down
He undid the next button down, but couldn't reach down much further. So he still didn't know I was naked under the coat. I wanted him to know. I figured it would get him all hot and bothered.
I softly said to him "use the other hand."
I picked up my wine while he swapped hands. His left hand went all the way down my front, under my coat, and he quickly found I wasn't wearing panties either.
He picked his beer up, and we stood there trying to look relaxed as he stroked my pubic hair. My legs were clamped together tightly, but he wiggled his fingers just above my pussy, wanting access. I relaxed my legs, but it's not like I was going to go spread eagled at the bar or anything. His rough fingers found my slit and rubbed up and down. OK, that was it, I didn't want this to go too far out here, and I know what Dan's like.
I gulped my wine down and tapped his arm. He pulled it out of my coat, and I headed for the men's room. Part way across the bar, I realized I hadn't redone the buttons, but it was too late to draw attention to that now... I was almost there.
When I got there, I just went straight in and headed to the disabled stall. There was nobody in there, so I went and sat on the toilet and texted Dan.
In the men's room
Bob came in and locked the door. I showed him Dan's response.
Undo the next button up
I stood up, and he undid the next button up. He probably knew I wasn't wearing anything under the coat now.
I texted Dan.
Done
I showed Bob the response.
Put your hand in
He put both hands in, and grabbed my tits. He squeezed and stroked them, and I felt my nipples stiffen, as his hands were cold. OK, and I was getting a bit more turned on. Dan texted me again. Bob was looking at his hands, so I looked at the reply.
"He wants a picture," I said, and handed him the phone.
He took a picture with one hand inside my coat. Then a picture of just me, with my coat open. He reached in and pulled my coat around to expose one tit, and took another picture.
He gave me the phone back, and I texted Dan the picture with my tit sticking out of my coat.
I showed Bob the response.
Suck it
He leaned forward and put his mouth to my tit and sucked the nipple, then he gently bit it and ran his tongue over it. I took a couple of pictures, then pushed him off gently, and sent Dan the last picture.
We looked at the response.
Undo the other buttons
He undid the remaining buttons, then pulled the coat apart to see me, naked. I took over holding one side of the coat, and handed him the phone. He took it, and I held the other side of the coat, holding it open so he could take pictures. Then I pulled the coat closer together and pushed my leg out, like the poster for that crappy old Showgirls movie, and he took more pictures.
While he was taking pictures, the phone buzzed with a message from Dan. We both looked at it.
Take off coat
I slid out of the coat, and hung it up on the hook on the door. The outer door to the men's room opened, and somebody else came in. I shushed Bob, and he took a couple more pictures of me. I took the phone back from him, and texted Dan.
Somebody else has come in, no problem
Dan replied, and we looked at the message.
Holding tits
I stood in front of him and he reached around and held my tits together. I could feel his hard cock on my bum as I took a couple of selfies.
I texted Dan while Bob let go of my tits, ran his hands down my tummy and started scratching me through my pubic hair. We both looked at the response.
Sucking dick
I turned around and gave him the phone, then knelt down and unzipped him. I pulled his pants and shorts down, and his cock popped out and almost hit me in the face.
I caught it with one hand, and managed to get his shorts down to his thighs with the other. I wiped his cock over my face, then licked the head. I was jacking him slowly as I put it in my mouth. I held the tip in my mouth and looked up at the camera on the phone while he took more pictures.
I let go of him and stood up, taking my phone back. I jacked him slowly as I went back through the gallery a little and found a nice picture of me looking up at the camera.
I let go of him so I could send the picture to Dan, and I didn't realize he'd moved closer until his cock touched me. I was looking at him as the phone buzzed, and at the same time there was a knock at the stall door!
I panicked a little, and pulled away. I grabbed my coat, and the guy knocking said "are you OK in there? Do you need me to get somebody for you?"
"I'm fine thanks," Bob said, starting to get dressed.
"Are you almost done?" he asked, "I'm busting for a piss."
Fuck! He was disabled and wanting to come in. I pulled my coat back on and did up the buttons, and Bob did up his pants. He took a deep breath and opened the door.
"What the fuck?" the guy said, looking right at me. "Are you OK?"
"I'm good," I said, moving aside to let him in.
He was a younger guy, pretty good looking, and I'd say a year or two younger than me. He was in a wheelchair.
"What's going on then?" he asked.
"We're just having a bit of fun," Bob said. "We wanted some space, and I didn't realize anybody would want this stall."
"Look, I'd love to get to the bottom of this, but can you wait outside? Like I said, I'm busting."
We left the stall, and he closed the door behind us. Bob wanted to bail, but I wanted to see what would happen next.
I decided to text Dan - if anybody else came in, we'd hear them come through the door and I'd step into another stall.
Guy in wheelchair just came in. Might need to wing it
I heard the toilet flush, then the door opened and the guy came out in his wheelchair.
"So, what's going on?" he said.
"Can we go in the stall?" I asked. "I don't want anybody coming in and getting the wrong idea."
"Wrong idea?" he said. "What's the right idea? Let me wash my hands."
He came out, and I went back into the stall.
"Pass me a towel, will ya?" he said to Bob, then he backed back into the stall. Bob came in and locked the door.
"Right," he said, "I'm all ears. Go."
I looked at Bob, and he wasn't talking, so I started.
"So I have a friend, OK, and he's sending me... tasks to do, on my phone. And I do them, and send him pictures back to prove I've done it."
"Like coming in to the disabled stall in the men's room?" He sounded skeptical.
"Yes," I said, "like that."
"And where do you come in?" he asked Bob.
"I guess I was one of her tasks."
"What, like 'take a picture with somebody in the disabled stall in the men's room'?"
"Yes," I said.
"Show me."
I didn't know what he wanted.
"Show you what?"
"Show me the picture of you, in here, with him."
Easy. I took my phone out, unlocked it and found one of the first pictures, with just three buttons undone, and showed them.
"Are you topless under there?" he asked.
"No!" I tried to look shocked, as strictly, I really wasn't. Well, just topless.
"Then take your coat off and show us," he said.
"No!"
"So you are topless?"
"Not exactly," I said. "Look, are you with anybody?"
"No," he said. "I just stopped in for a drink on my way home."
"Do you want to see if he'll let you join in?"
The guy glanced at Bob, a little confused. "Uh, sure?"
"Just give me a minute," I said, and texted Dan.
New guy's in
He replied immediately.
Picture
"He wants a picture of us," I said and handed Bob the phone. "Do you mind?"
I stood next to the wheelchair, then bent down to get us both in the picture. Bob took the picture. I straightened up again and took the phone back and texted it to Dan.
He replied, and I showed them the message.
New guy unbutton coat
I handed Bob the phone, then went and stood in front of him, and he started at the top button.
When he got down to the third button, he said "Ha! I knew it, you're topless!"
He kept going. He went quiet as he undid the bottom button, and could see I was actually naked.
"Not exactly topless," I said.
I turned to Bob and he took a picture. I took the phone back and texted Dan that last picture.
"Can I take a picture of you too?" the guy asked.
"No," I said. "I'm the only one I want having pictures of me."
"Other than your friend," Bob said. Eh, Dan had a lot more revealing stuff of me. Well, he used to - I didn't know if he'd kept it.
Dan replied, and I showed them.
Old guy take off coat
I gave Bob the phone, and faced the new guy. Bob pulled the coat back off me, leaving me standing there naked.
Bob took a picture, then gave me the phone back. The guy just sat there, staring at me while I texted the new picture to Dan.
I showed them the response.
New guy suck tits
I gave Bob her phone, then tried to figure out how to comfortably get my tits where he could suck them. He was pawing at them and tugging at my nipples, then he moved his gloves off his lap.
"Sit on my lap," he said.
"Are you sure? I'm heavy."
He nodded. I sat on his lap, facing him. I put my arms around his neck while he sucked my tits. I realized that Bob was taking pictures, and couldn't see anything, so I put my hands behind my head. That made my tits stick out further. The guy was biting, licking and sucking my tits, and rubbing them all over his face.
He slid his hands down and started playing with my bum.
After a few minutes of this, I took the phone back from Bob and texted Dan a picture. I stayed on his lap, and he carried on sucking my tits.
Dan replied, and my blood ran cold. I showed the guys, but I wasn't really happy about it.
Make out with old guy
I climbed off the new guy, gave him the phone and prepared to make out with Bob. It just seemed a little too intimate, like I truly cared for him or something.
He put his arms around me, by my waist, and pulled me to him. He was feeling up my bum, and grinding his cock against me. He started kissing me, and I figured I'd have to get on with it. I closed my eyes and pretended he was Brad Pitt, and started kissing him back.
He turned us so the guy could get better pictures.
He stopped kissing me, and turned me around so he was behind me, and I was facing the new guy. He was grinding into me again, and this time I wiggled my bum on his cock. All this mauling was turning me on. He grabbed my tits, pushing them together and pulling on my nipples. I reached over my shoulder and held him to me. He was kissing and biting my neck and shoulder.
I let this go on for a short while, then broke away and took my phone from the new guy. I sent Dan the last picture, and waited for his response. When it came in, I showed them.
Blow new guy
He undid his pants, and I gave Bob the phone. I squatted down in front of the wheelchair, and helped him get his pants down far enough that his cock was free. I took his cock, and jacked it slowly. I cupped his balls with the other hand, then licked all over the head before going down on him. I gazed up into his eyes as I bobbed my head up and down.
He leant forward and started stroking my tits, so I gently sorted myself out slightly to the side, bent at the waist so he could play with them as I sucked him off. I could see Bob moving around taking pictures out of the corner of my eye, but I was staring at the new guy when he groaned and came in my mouth.
There was a lot, so I figure it had been a while, but I didn't swallow. I lifted my head so I could open my mouth and show them the cum, and Bob took a picture before I swallowing it.
"That was amazing," he said.
I smiled at him, stood up and took my phone back.
I went back through the phone gallery to one with me sucking the new guy, then sent that to Dan.
We all watched the phone and read the response.
Jack off old guy
Bob looked a little deflated. I guess he'd wanted a blowjob. I had an idea though, and gave the new guy the phone. I undid Bob's pants and pulled them down, then got him to sit down on the toilet.
I grabbed his cock, and licked it all over to get it good and wet.
I straightened up, and held his cock as I straddled him. I put my pussy over his cock, with the head poking out between the lips. I started grinding my pussy forward and backwards on his cock. He leant back, with one arm holding him upright, and started pawing my tits with the other hand.
The new guy was taking pictures, so I held Bob's hand to my tit. Then I pulled his hand to my mouth, and sucked a couple of fingers for a bit. I moved his hand back to my tit, and he carried on mauling it.
All of a sudden, he let go, and pulled his shirt up. I felt his cock throbbing under me. He came over his stomach, and I slid down by his balls, and waited until he had his breath back.
I reached over to the new guy, and he gave me my phone back. I held it up high, pointing down at our laps, and took a picture, showing my pussy, his cock and his cum on his stomach. I stayed sitting there while I texted Dan the picture.
He replied quickly, and Bob saw it. I showed the new guy.
Lick it up
Yum, cooling cum. Off a hairy belly. Oh well. I got up from Bob's lap and gave the new guy the phone, then squatted down next to Bob and sucked up the blobs of his cum. I licked his stomach clean, then picked up his cock and licked my juices off it. I cleaned his balls too.
I took my phone back and took it over and dropped it in a coat pocket.
"Boys, I've enjoyed this, but I've got to go."
I pulled my coat on, buttoned it up and opened the door. I knew I stunk of sex, so I went straight out of the back door and headed over to Dan's van. He was still sitting in the back, with the door open, holding his phone. He looked up at me as I approached.
"Can we go back to your place?" I asked him.
"Sure," he said, letting me in and shutting the door behind me. I sat in the passenger seat, and he sat down, put on his seat belt and started the engine.
"I am so fucking turned on right now," I said, "I just want your cock inside me."
"We could have done that back there," he said, pulling on to the main street. I think he was kidding.
We chatted idly about shared friends and stuff while he drove.
When we got to his place, we went up the stairs, opened the door and we went in. He turned on the hallway light, took my coat and hung it up before letting the door close.
"Can I take a shower?" I asked him.
"No, I'll fuck you filthy," he said with a laugh.
We went into his bedroom, and he turned on the bedside light. I went to my coat and got my phone out of the pocket. I turned off the light in the hallway, then went back into the bedroom.
"Let's look at the pictures. They must have taken hundreds of them."
I kicked off my shoes and lay down on one side on the bed, and Dan came and lay behind me.
"Get undressed," I said.
I watched as he undressed, just dropping his clothes on the end of the bed. He lay down, and I turned away from him, patting the bed behind me. I felt him snuggle up behind me, looking over my shoulder as I unlocked the phone. I went back to the beginning of the gallery.
"Hang on a sec," he said. He turned over, then turned the TV on. He took my phone from me, did some magic and the gallery appeared on the TV, in all its glory.
He handed my phone back and said "there you go."
Experimentally, I opened the oldest picture from the last time I was at the bar with Bob, and it popped up on the TV. There I was, standing there in my underwear, in the disabled stall. I stared at the picture for a few seconds, then swiped on to the next one, and the next. There was one of Bob, then back to me, me naked... me sucking his cock... me with my nose pressed right up to his belly... me being a wanton slut, really. The real me.
Dan was snuggled up behind me, his arm around me, under mine, playing with my tits. His flickering fingertips had got my nipples hard, and I was still turned on, and getting hotter the whole time. I reached back between my legs and pulled his cock between them, then went back to swiping through the pictures, while slowly sliding forwards and backwards on his cock.
When I finished the previous adventure and started in on tonight's debauchery, with me still in my coat, I reached down and slid his cock into my pussy. We both rocked against each other as I swiped through the pictures.
I was up to the pictures of me wiping Bob's cock over my face when I came for the first time. I spent a short while getting my breath back before I started swiping again, and I slowed down to savour the pictures of me sucking his cock as I felt Dan slowly sawing in and out of me.
We got through to the pictures after the guy in the wheelchair had joined us, and by the time we were looking at him mauling my tits, I was softly cumming again, in a sort of low rolling wave.
Dan seemed to like the pictures of me making out with Bob, especially the ones where he was behind me, and when we got to me sucking off the guy in the wheelchair, he was pounding me pretty damn good. I stopped swiping, as I was just enjoying the experience, and when he came, blasting away inside me, I had the biggest orgasm on top of the orgasms I'd been having in the run up to this.
When we'd both got our breath back, I picked up my phone again, and carried on swiping. Dan's cock was still inside me, and he was still sliding in and out, slightly. We both really enjoyed the pictures of me rubbing off Bob with my pussy, and the last pictures of me licking him clean were just the icing on the cake.
I rolled on to my other side, dislodging Dan, and headed for the shower with my hand clutched over my pussy to hold his cum inside me. Dan followed me with my phone, taking pictures of me for some reason.
I had to work at stepping over the edge of the tub to get in without spilling anything, and then I turned and faced Dan. Now I could take my hand away and just let the cum pour out and run down my thighs. I watched it disappear down the drain, doing my kegel exercises to push more out as Dan took pictures.
"I'm going to add these to your folder on my PC," he said. Awww, he'd kept my pictures and videos.
"Come here a sec," I said, bending down in the tub. When he came over to me, I grabbed his cock and sucked it clean. He continued taking pictures of me, and I looked up at him and carried on licking and sucking until he started to get hard again.
I let him go, and he went to, I assume, copy the pictures off my phone.
When I got out of the shower, there was my toothbrush and a clean towel. I dried myself off, and wrapped the towel around me. I was cleaning my teeth when I headed out into the living room. Dan was already dressed, and jumped up out of his chair.
"Come on," he said, "I want to go and get something to eat."
I went and spat out the toothpaste. Coming back out of the bathroom, I said "but I haven't got a thing to wear," giggling.
"That's sort of the point, isn't it?"
I went and put on my coat and my shoes, and we headed down to the van. When we got there, I tried to get into the back so I could get my clothes and get dressed, but Dan stopped me.
"Nope," he said.
"Not even my underwear?"
"Nope."
Bummer. I sat there in just my coat, wondering where we were going. As it happened, we didn't go far, and he parked up in a little lot behind a Mexican restaurant. We went in through the back door, and Dan caught a waiter's eye. The waiter pointed us to a table backed against a wall, and we went and sat down. I sat on the bench seat, and Dan took a chair opposite me.
Dan had obviously been there before, so I told him to just order me something I'd like, and I looked around the room. There were a couple of vacant tables, but across from us were a couple of guys. The one who was facing me was kind of good looking, in a well put together, distinguished, slightly older than me George Clooney sort of way, and I sat up a little straighter and adjusted my coat in case he noticed me. A girl likes to look her best, after all.
Dan noticed me notice the guy, and looked over his shoulder, and noted the guy. He came around the table and sat next to me.
"You like him?"
"No," I said, "should I?"
"Oh go on," he said, "I can tell you think he's good looking."
"OK then," I said, "he's not bad."
"Move your legs apart," he said.
"I'd rather not."
"He won't be able to see you in this light, and besides, then I can mess with you."
"As long as you don't get us thrown out," I said.
"You don't even live here," he said, "what do you care?"
Fair point, I guess. I moved my legs apart.
Dan put his hand in my lap. He poked his fingers through the gap between the bottom two buttons, and pulled my leg towards him a little. I moved my legs as far apart as I could under the coat.
"Happy?" I asked.
"For now," he said, stroking my inner thigh with his finger tips.
The waiter came over and Dan ordered us a couple of quesadillas and a soda for him, a beer for me. His hand didn't move while the waiter was standing there, and looking over at the cute guy, he seemed to have noticed us. Well, mostly noticed me, hopefully. I must have smiled a little, as Dan looked over at him, then undid the bottom button on my coat. He could now put his whole hand on my inner thigh, and slide it up to my pussy. He gently teased my clit while we waited for our drinks.
"So have you decided what you're going to do when you get home?" he asked me.
I was a little distracted, what with sort of flirting with this guy on the other side of the restaurant and getting turned on by Dan.
"Not really," I said, "I was thinking I'll be a little more liberated than I have been."
"What about Dave?"
"I haven't decided yet."
The waiter came over with our drinks, and put my beer in front of me. He could see Dan's hand in my lap, and he reached over me to put Dan's soda in front of him, rather than walk around the table. I glanced down, and I don't think he could see anything, but he knew what was going on.
Dan thanked him, and he took his little tray and headed back to the kitchen.
"I'm going to the men's room," said Dan, letting go of me. "Don't move a muscle."
He stood up and headed to the back of the restaurant, disappearing from sight. I watched him go, and when I turned back to my beer, the cute guy was looking at me. I smiled at him, and he leant forward and said something to his friend, then stood up and came over to me. I started to get nervous. I saw his eyes dart to my left hand just as he reached me.
"While your boyfriend's not here, I thought I'd come and say 'hi'," he said.
"Hi," I said, weakly, "he's not my boyfriend."
"Husband?"
"No, he's just a friend."
He looked down at my lap.
"With benefits, it would seem. I'm Oscar."
"Hi Oscar," I said, trying not to seem like I was really flustered, which I was, "I'm Sue."
"Well, Sue, it's nice to meet a pretty girl. I just thought I'd tell you that from my table, it looks like you're not wearing panties. How crazy is that?"
My legs slammed closed.
"Oh no," he said, "I don't think it's a problem. I'm enjoying the view."
I relaxed a little, and opened my legs. A bit. Probably not as wide as before.
"So are you?" he asked.
"Am I what?"
"Are you wearing panties?"
I felt myself blushing.
"No," I said, quietly.
"Pardon?"
"No," I said, a little louder.
"Pardon?"
"I'm not wearing panties."
"Oh, I wish I could see better than I can from my table," he said. "You look ravishing from over there."
I blushed more furiously. I also moved my legs further apart.
He looked down at my lap. I could swear he licked his lips. That was it, I undid the second button and lifted my coat open slightly, so he could see my pussy.
"Oh my," he said, suddenly not seeming quite so sure of himself.
At this point, Dan appeared. I'm sitting there, showing my pussy to some stranger, and he came and sat back next to me. He obviously wasn't fazed by this at all.
"What did I miss?" he said.
"Uh, Dan, this is Oscar," I said.
"Hi," Dan said.
Oscar tore his eyes away from my lap and looked at Dan.
"Hi. I was just telling your... friend... how pretty she looks. I should get back to my friend. It was nice to meet you."
He turned and went back to his table.
"Boo," said Dan, "I scared him off."
"You did," I said, dropping the flap of my coat back over and starting to redo the button.
"Oh no," said Dan, "you undid it, leave it like that."
I sighed, and then noticed the waiter coming back over. I looked down, and I was covered up, even though almost half my coat was undone.
"You have been living in a convent recently, haven't you?" Dan asked.
I nodded, just as the waiter arrived with our food. He served me first, looking down at my covered lap, then went around the table and served Dan. He gave us a little bow and Dan thanked him again, and he went off to talk to some other customers.
I started in on my quesadilla. It was pretty good, but my mind wasn't really on my food at this point.
"Why don't you undo your top button," Dan asked.
I gave him a look, but I undid the button anyway. Looking at Oscar, he was watching me intently.
We ate in silence for a while. I sipped my beer, not wanting to get drunk, after all I had two large glasses of wine a little while ago on an empty stomach. It looked like Oscar had finished his dinner and was talking to his friend, as the waiter came and cleared their plates away. He still had a bottle in front of him, and it looked like he was nursing it so he could watch me. Occasionally I caught his friend looking at me too.
Dan noticed Oscar watching, and said "undo another button."
I looked around the restaurant. It was pretty dark in there, and there were no kids. Other than Oscar, I don't think anybody else could even see us.
With shaking hands, I undid another button. There was just the button by my navel still done up, and I decided not to lose that one. But then, I'd probably have said the same about the four that were undone now just twenty or thirty minutes ago.
Dan subtly reached for the lapel of my coat, and staring at Oscar, moved it aside so he could see my tit. Oscar's eyes almost popped out at that, and Dan covered me up again. Oscar's friend turned to look at me, briefly. The waiter was on his way over to collect our empty plates. He could probably see my cleavage, but I didn't want to look down and draw his attention to it.
"Are we done here?" Dan asked.
I finished my beer and nodded to him.
"Why don't you meet me at the van, and I'll go and settle up."
I looked, almost longingly, at Oscar, and held his gaze as I stood up. I hadn't done any of my buttons up, so I was having to walk slowly and carefully to not flash my pussy to everyone, or have one or both of my tits fall out. Looking him right in the eye as long as I could, I walked past his table and headed out the door, and to the van.
I didn't have the keys, so I just stood there, by the passenger side door, and waited for Dan to come out. I really didn't know what was taking so long. I heard movement and turned towards it, saying "that took long enough," but it wasn't Dan, it was Oscar, and he had his friend with him. I'd only really seen the back of his friend's head before, and now I could see that he wasn't good looking, and a little tubby. I stood there, between the van and the wall, feeling a vulnerable, but a little excited.
"Your friend said it was OK to come and say goodnight to you," Oscar said.
Did he now. Fucker.
Oscar's friend just stood there and looked at us both. I could see him staring at the front of my coat.
"I'm sorry about Mike," Oscar said, "I was telling him about your... show in the restaurant, and he didn't believe me."
"Hi Mike," I said. "I'm Sue. Why didn't you believe him?"
"I just don't believe a pretty young thing like you would be flirting with an old fart like him," he said, with a smile.
I looked down, bashfully.
"What if I told you it was true?"
"Well," said Mike, "I'd say he was a lucky old fart, and I'd be sorry that I'd missed it."
"That does seem unfair," I said.
There was nobody else around, and I was out of sight between the van and the wall, even though it seemed fairly well lit here. I could feel my heart going like a thousand beats a minute as I undid my final button. I held my coat open for them both to see.
"Is that better?" I asked.
They both nodded mutely, staring at my body.
"You have lovely boobs," said Oscar. "May I feel them?"
Boobs. How sweet. I nodded. He reached out and gently stroked them, lifting them and watching my nipples go hard.
Mike gestured to me, and I nodded to him, too. Then I was standing there holding my coat open while two men felt me up. I was looking up at the sky, loving this feeling of control over these men, like they'd do whatever I wanted just to touch me.
One of them, probably Oscar, slipped his hands down towards my pussy, and I didn't stop him. I closed my eyes as I felt his fingers glance across my pubic hair, and I even opened my legs slightly. There were two hands down low now, one on my public hair, the other feeling my bum, while two hands were still on my tits, cupping them and squeezing my nipples gently.
All of a sudden I felt a mouth on one nipple. I let out a low groan. It wetly licked around the areola, then teeth gently tugged on it, making it stand out even harder. The other mouth closed over the other nipple and did the same on that one. One hand was around my back, under my coat, holding me upright so I didn't fall backwards.
One mouth detached, and the hands below my waist disappeared, and then they were taking my coat from me. I kept my eyes closed, not caring what happened to my coat at that moment. The hands returned, taking my hands and putting them on my head, where I interlocked my fingers and concentrated on the mouth that was still on my tit.
The other hands reappeared on my hips, and suddenly there was a tongue on my slit, dipping between my slightly open legs. I usually felt uncomfortable having somebody to down on me, but I'd only had a shower like an hour ago, and I was feeling a little tipsy from the alcohol. I shifted a little to allow me to open my legs further while not dislodging the mouth on my tits, and the tongue slipped deeper, running across my clit. I unlinked my fingers and moved my hands, careful not to dislodge anybody, and put one behind the head that was licking my pussy, and one behind the head on my nipple, holding them there.
My eyes opened and I gasped as the orgasm hit me. Luckily they held me, or I might have fallen over. I gripped them both, not wanting them to stop until it had passed.
"Wow," I said.
"Wow indeed," said Oscar, standing up. Mike let go of my nipple and straightened up too.
I looked around, and my coat was hanging from the mirror of Dan's van. It was chilly, but I wasn't overly bothered right now.
I put my arms around Oscar and pulled him to me, kissing him deeply. I could smell and taste my pussy juices on his face, and I licked his face clean. Mike moved in behind me, with his hands on my hips. I looked over my shoulder and kissed him too, wiggling my bum against his hard on through his pants.
My hands went to Oscar's pants, unbuttoning and unzipping him while he played with my tits. I squatted down in front of him, and freed his hard and throbbing cock from his underwear. I could see the pre-cum oozing from the head, so I knew this wasn't going to take long. I held the shaft in my hand as I licked the head, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mike appear at my side, cock in hand. Still sliding my hand up and down Oscar's cock, I reached for Mike's, and ran my hand up and down as I licked the head, before returning to Oscar. He reached out and held my head while I took as much in my mouth as I could, licking along its length as I slid my mouth forward and backward, sucking slightly. Every now and then I'd stop, and just lick or suck the head, then go back to stroking him with my mouth.
Through my hand I could feel his cock throbbing, and I looked up into his eyes as he came, most of it going immediately down my throat. He let go of my head and I swallowed, then swallowed again, and when he seemed spent, I moved my mouth to Mike's cock. I still held Oscar's cock, and slid my hand up and down on it as I felt it going soft again, but I was concentrating on Mike. His cock seemed a little bigger, and I was glad my hand was on the shaft so I didn't have to worry about gagging if he pushed too hard. Mike was moving his hips forward and back, and I just held my position, letting him fuck my face. It didn't take long for Mike to push forward and hold there, cumming, and I swallowed that down as well.
I took my mouth off Mike's cock, and licked the head of Oscar's, making sure it was clean, then helped them tuck their cocks away in their underwear. They awkwardly zipped up as I stood there, naked other than my shoes, watching them. I reached out and took my coat, putting it on. It made me shiver, as it had got cold without me inside it. I started buttoning it up again.
"This, my dear, has been a delight," said Oscar.
"Yes," said Mike, "if I hadn't been here, I wouldn't have believed it. Thank you."
I smiled. I'd enjoyed myself too.
"Can we take you anywhere? We could take you home..." Oscar trailed off.
"I'm fine," I said, "and I live far away. I go home tomorrow."
"Is there anything we can do for you?" said Mike.
"No," I said, looking around until I saw Dan coming towards us. "Here's my ride. Thank you gentlemen, have a good evening."
They headed across the parking lot to their car, talking about me like a couple of school boys from what I could hear while they were still close enough. At least they didn't high five while I was watching them.
Dan nodded to Oscar and Mike on his way past, and gave me a hug when he got to me. I noticed he didn't kiss me.
"That was great," he said.
"You saw?"
"Yes, we watched the whole thing from over there," he thumbed over his shoulder.
"We?"
"Me and the waiter."
Oh god, somebody else has seen me naked and having sex.
"Can you take me home?" I asked. I was tired, and just wanted to get to bed.
"Fine," he said, "Let's go."
He unlocked the van, and I got in, going through to the back where my clothes were. I unbuttoned my coat and started getting dressed again as Dan settled himself in the front and watched me. Panties, skirt, then I took my coat off, bra and blouse. I put my coat back on, and sat down in the front passenger seat to button it up as we pulled away. Sure enough, there was our waiter, waving at me enthusiastically while smoking a cigarette.
"I'm not looking forward to going home tomorrow," I said, just making conversation, really.
"Eh, you'll be fine. You don't really have a choice not to be."
"Can I text you if I'm feeling down?"
"Sure, if you think I'll cheer you up," he said.
We pulled up near my parents' house.
"I'll text you," I said, giving him a hug as I got out. "Thanks for this. I needed to get out of my head."