We arrived home mid-afternoon the following day, which gave us time to hit the gym before Dad got home. When he did he did a double-take. Mom had been working out in baggy tee-shirts and shorts. Now she was wearing black tights and a purple top with a spaghetti strap. She was reveling in the new bod.
Dad ventured a compliment. "You look nice honey."
"Thank you dear. Randy and I worked very hard to create the new me."
She turned to me. "What do you think?"
"Well Mom, you're some hot."
"Thank you stud." She ran her hand down my chest. "You're mighty fine yourself,"
Mom, limited for the evening to a liquid diet, made smoothies. We drank them by the pool while Dad ate in front of the television. When we were done we returned to the house. Mom flipped off the television and sat on the couch. I sat beside her. She slid her leg over so it touched mine.
"Dear, I'm having breast augmentation surgery tomorrow."
Dad looked stunned and started to say something, but Mom talked over him. "Don't worry, you don't need to take time off from work. It's an out-patient procedure and Randy," placing her hand on my thigh, "will take me."
Dad got in his point in. "Don't you think you should have asked?"
Mom's eyes bore in on him, but her voice was calm, almost disdainful. "Why should I dear. I've busted my ass getting back in shape. You've provided no support and shown no interest. I ran it by the one person in the family who has been with me every step of the way." Her hand, which had laid on top of my thigh, drifted to the inside and she slowly, but openly, stroked the skin with a fingernail.
My turn. "Mom and I talked about it and I think she's gonna look great. Not that she doesn't look great now."
"Thank you. I hope you like your new-version Mama." She kissed me on the cheek, her lips lingering a beat longer than normal.
Mom turned back to Dad. "I put in on the VISA. You'll get the bill next month."
Dad said, "Well, when you have surgery I think you should tell me."
Mom's face turned red. She walked over to Dad and stood, looming over him. She spoke carefully and deliberately, her anger barely controlled. "I will do with my body whatever I want, with whomever I want. Do you understand?"
Dad broke her gaze, at this point seeming to hope she would just go away. Mom didn't move, her eyes on him, demanding an answer. He looked back at her, trying to break her stare. "Well. It's just...." Mom took a step towards him. He looked down. "Yes dear, I understand."
Mom turned the television back on and looked at me. "Honey, rub my neck." I moved to the end of the couch; she sat between my legs. I worked on her neck and shoulders. Mom slid a hand between us and found the outline of my hardening penis. She used a finger or two to trace its outline and rub its underside.
"I'm not making you uncomfortable, am I?" she asked.
"You're nothing I can't handle."
"We'll see about that."
A few minutes later Mom stood and announced she needed a good night's sleep prior to the surgery. She took my hand in hers and said, "Why don't you tuck your Mom in."
"Dad. I'll be busy with the sexy lady. Get the dishes."
He didn't respond.
"I didn't hear you."
His voice faltered. "Of course."
Mom held my hand as we walked upstairs.
As soon as we turned down the hallway she pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard. Flaunting her new sexuality in front of Dad was a turn-on. She unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them down, grabbing hold of my rock hard penis. She took, in turn, each testicle into her mouth, lovingly holding them on her tongue while gently sucking. After she released them she licked my cock from base to tip and then took it's head and several inches of the staff into her mouth. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked. Finally, looking at me, she spit it out.
"I've been wondering what this bad boy tastes like."
She stood, grabbed my erection and pulled it, and me, to the bedroom. There she pushed me back onto the bed, stripped, and reached for the bottle of lubricant, spraying some on her breasts and kneading it into her skin with her hands. She slid down my legs and leaned forward, trapping my cock between her tits.
"This is the last time you get to tittie-fuck this version of your mother."
She pushed her breasts together and I started humping her boobs. My cock retreated between the mounds until its head was barely visible and then thrust back out. Each time it speared forward Mom tried to lick it, usually successfully. The friction was heaven and I felt the cum churning in my balls. I relished the pleasure in my groin and loved watching my dick splitting Mom's tits while her tongue flicked its head.
Mom then crawfished down my body, said "This should not be problem for my liquid only diet," and took my meat into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down half-a-dozen times while jacking off the base of my cock. She then licked hard and slow from the base to the head and gently nibbled the tip. The contrast between the firm pressure when she licked the shaft and the gentle treatment of the head drove up the pressure in my balls, which only increased when she opened her mouth and again swallowed my dick. I felt it bump the back of my mouth and she had almost the entire thing between her lips when she clamped down hard, sucking at full strength, pulling her head teasingly up the length of my tool while her lips formed a tight seal around the trunk. Her soft murmurs let me know how much she was digging this oral treat. I placed my hands on her shoulders, squeezing gently.
How could Dad have let this sexual Valkyrie go to sleep?
"Suck me, suck me, fuckin' yeah, oooohhhhh, ooohhh."
Mom started to rapidly bob her head up and down, pressing her tongue hard against it as it charged in and out of her mouth, while continuing to jerk me off in time with the movement of her mouth.
"Eat my big fat cock, you horny Mom slut. Drink my jism, swallow your own son's cum. You ready to be my personal fuck-toy, to turn yourself into a big titted fuck-toy for your boy. You ready for all the cock you can handle?."
Mom grunted her assent.
I was getting close. My penis was awash with sensations; my mind thrilling at the perverted scene before me: my cock embedded in my mother's face. My balls tightened, I felt the cum rushing up my shaft, and I exploded in her mouth. Mom held on tight, swallowing every drop.
Mom raised herself on her knees and moved forward until she straddled my thigh. She started sliding her sex up and down, humping my leg.
"You up to keeping that promise stud, to give me all the cock I can handle? Are you really ready for a full time fuck-mate, someone willing to be your personal slut? Is that what you want from your Mom?"
Her copious flow was proving all the lubrication needed.
"Take my tits in your hands stud. Play with them hard, hurt my nipples."
I squeezed her breasts, twisting the nipples until she winced in pain.
Mom stopped talking, but she kept grinding her pussy against my leg. I pushed hard against her. I could tell she was close: her eyes were shut, her mouth slightly open, her head pulled back. Her breathing was becoming more and more ragged.
"AHHH, ohhhhhhh, yeah, oh baby, cumming......."
I caught each nipple between my thumb and index fingers and squeezed hard.
"OHHHHHH! UMMMMM! FUCK! YEAH BABY, SQUEEZE MY TITS! OH! SQUEEZE MY TITS! FUCK! OH FUCK! YEAH! YES! YES! OH FUCK YEAH! OHHHH BABY! PINCH MY TITS! THIS IS SO FUCKING AMAZING!"
How could Dad not have heard that?
She slumped on to my chest. Both are bodies were covered by sweat and the smell of sex filled the room. Eventually she rolled off of me and we held each other and drifted off to sleep.
* * * *
Mom's surgery went without a hitch. She proudly displayed her new breasts when we got home. They were big, fat, beautiful, and firm. They were also bruised and sore; there would be no playing with them for a few days. That night we downloaded a movie. Dad watched it with us. Mom, still groggy from the anesthesia, cuddled in my arms, her new tits pressed against me. She thanked me for being such a sweet boy and taking such good care of her. She expressed her appreciation by stroking my body and kissing me in ways not motherly.
Over the next few days Mom delighted in both displaying her new boobs and pushing Dad around. The first night while I swam laps in the pool, she came downstairs wearing a black lacy baby doll which covered only a portion of her breasts. The outline of her nipples was clearly visible. She talked to Dad for a few minutes – she told me he was essentially dumbstruck – and then went outside to sit by the pool while I finished swimming. She then led me back though the house and up the stairs.
The next day she called Dad on his way home and told him to pick up some sun block. He arrived home to find the two of us by the pool, Mom wearing sunglasses, a bikini top that barely covered her nipples, and a thong. While he stood there Mom did my back, and then I hers, my hands roaming freely over her butt and the sides of her fat breasts. Dad walked away; he did not want to accept what he was seeing.
The next night she showered and then appeared wearing only one of my tee-shirts, which clung to her damp body. When I entered the living room, wearing a towel around my wet bathing suit, Mom said to Dad, "Honey, don't we have quite the young hunk living in the house." She put her hands on my upper chest. "Nice pecs, and," running her hands slowly down my chest, "quite the hard flat stomach." She slapped my butt, a firm thunk filling the room. "Nice ass. Randy, what ladies are you entertaining now that Patricia's left town?"
"Mom, a gentleman never tells."
"You headed for the shower?" she asked.
"Yes."
"I going to talk to your Dad for a few minutes. Give me a good night kiss."
She placed a hand on my hip, her thumb inches from my hardening cock, which was happily obscured by the towel. She brought her lips to my mouth and kissed me, a kiss that lasted far longer than it should. It was all I could do to stop myself from ramming my tongue into her mouth.
I stopped at the top of the stairs.
"Your big-titted wife has a horny pussy tonight. Your dick ready to fuck it."
She bent forward, exposing her bra-less tits, and licked Dad from his chin up the side of his face.
"Dear," he said, "it's late and I've had a lot to drink."
"Don't worry, I'll do all the work. All you have to do is get hard."
Her hand was on his groin, working his thing. She yanked his belt out and pulled down his pants, rasing her tee shirt to expose her shaven pussy. When she moved I could see his groin; it was at full mast. Whatever genes I had inherited from him were unrelated to the size of my member; his was neither particularly long nor particularly wide. She half-pushed him to the floor and then straddled him, rubbing the head of his penis in her strong fingers as she aimed it for her pussy.
Then, in a muffled voice, he said, "Oh God," and came. A few drops of cum burped out of his cock, dripping into her hand. He immediately asked her to let go, complaining that his penis was highly sensitive after an orgasm.
She stood up. "I guess I'll have to bring myself off again tonight." She let the tee-shit fall past her exposed pussy. "I'll have your son tuck me in."
She headed up the steps. I was waiting. "Ready to eat my cunt, stud?" We headed for the bed, where I did. I was then the recipient of one of her spectacular blow jobs.
* * * *
Although Mom's tits were sore and off-limits, at least twice a day our hands and mouths found their way to the other's groin. We got more and more blatant. In Dad's plain view we cuddled and kissed and I held Mom in ways sons don't hold mothers: standing behind her, my erection pressed into her ass, my arms wrapped around her grazing the underside of her massive tits. We paraded around the house in the tiniest of bathing suits. Dad, hunkered down in his chair, was desperate not to know what was going on around him.
On Friday morning Mom announced that she and I were going to a burlesque show in the city that evening.
Dad seemed a bit flabbergasted, "But I'm leaving tomorrow morning."
Mom peered at him, "Surely you don't need help packing?"
"I thought the family should be together tonight."
"It's Friday night. You'll be asleep in your chair by 9:00 P.M. I want to have some fun and watching you fall asleep is not my definition of fun. The show starts at 10:00. There will be plenty of time for family activities."
* * * *
That evening I was still upstairs when I received a text from Mom, who was dressing in the master bedroom.
"GO TO THE FRONT PORCH."
A porch wrapped around the front of the house, including the master bedroom. You could always find a slit in the blinds to check out the action. When I did I instantly hardened: Mom was wearing arguably the skimpiest, tightest dress ever made. It was green and short; it reached over the curve of her ass, almost. I would study it all evening and I wasn't quite sure it didn't expose the downward slope of her rump. It had one loose-fitting sleeve; the other side was sleeveless, showing off Mom's muscular arm. She had on a wide blue ring which matched her shoes, a pair of sunglasses, and dangling earrings ending in large loops. All this was complemented by blue pumps with a one inch platform and six inch heels.
They were in the middle of an argument.
"So what it is dear, do I look like a slut or a whore?"
Dad was trying to explain. "You're making a spectacle of yourself."
"I didn't build this," gesturing to her body, "to sit home and darn your socks. I plan to go out and be noticed. You think I look like a slut? How about this? We send your son out for the evening and you fuck the slut out of me. You can have me anyway you want. You can tie me to the bed, spank me, fuck me up the ass, or we can stay in the good old missionary position, whatever you want. But you fuck me so long and so hard and so good that there is no slut left in me. You fuck my slutty body until there's only a good girl left."
Dad interrupted, "Don't talk like that."
Mom advanced on my retreating father. "Don't talk like a horny slut! Than fuck me so hard that I won't feel like a horny slut." She lifted her dress, displaying a thong. "Fuck this hot slut's pussy so she won't feel like talking like that."
"Stop it."
"I know, you want me to beg. Then I will. Please husband, please fuck my slutty pussy, please. Please fuck the whore out of me."
Dad, instead of throwing her on the bed, looked overwhelmed. He was entirely flustered. "What will your son say when he sees you like that."
"I guess we'll have to ask him."
That was my cue. I knocked on the bedroom door.
"Come in."
I walked in, eyeballed Mom head-to-toe, and said, "Damn, you look good. No one's going to pay attention to the show."
"Thank you son, your Dad can't seem to decide if I look more like a whore or a slut. What do you think?'
"Do I have to choose?"
"Yes."
Mom walked towards me and stopped only when her breasts lightly touched my chest. She straightened out my shirt and collar and pushed some of my hair back in place.
"I certainly couldn't afford you if you were a prostitute, so I'll have to go with slut."
"Done," Mom replied, "tonight I'm your slut."
Mom turned to face Dad, standing by my side. She slipped her hand around my waist. I ran a hand down her back, landing on her ass. While Dad could not see my hand, the movement of my arm left little doubt as to where it was.
"It seems your knows how to treat a slut. We'll be back late. Don't wait up. We'll say good-bye tomorrow."
With that, holding hands, we left the room. Dad muttered a desultory okay.
* * * *
Mom was as big a hit at the show as anyone on stage. The producer offered her a part in the production and when she refused, made sure she had his card. Acceding to the audience's cheers, she danced with the cast at the end of the show, her tits bouncing in her tiny outfit. She spent the ride home sucking my cock, nursing me along so I didn't come until we pulled into the garage. We left a trail of clothes on the way to the upstairs bedroom.
"Those tits ready?" I asked.
She squeezed them a few times. "Yes, still a little sore, but fuck yes."
I tried not to be rough, but I explored them with the enthusiasm of a hungry infant, covering their entire surface with an assortment of kisses and licks. Then I tried long licks; she liked it best when I started at the bottom and traveled about, finally making my way to her areolas and finishing with an extra-firm swipe of her erect red nipples. Her nipples had lost none of their sensitivity. I sucked them into my mouth, coating them with my spit.
Mom loved it. "Do you like Mommy's big fat slut titties? Mommy got them for you baby; Mommy got fat titties for her baby boy. Do they make your thick dick hard? Did you like the way people stared at them tonight? Were they as nice as those of the ladies in the show? Suck my tits baby, lick 'em, feels so good, feels so good."
I soon had her panting and moved down her hard flat belly in a series of kisses and nips, headed for her cunt, whose odor was mixing with her perfume and our sweat. As I ran my tongue hard across her clit, I slipped a finger into her anus. There I found the butt plug.
"Oh," feigning ignorance, she said, "I forgot. Before I danced with the cast I had one of the girls slip it in. While I was gyrating on stage it was moving around inside, it felt so fucking good. Take it out."
I removed it, laid it aside, and grabbed the lubricant. I coated my middle finger and inserted it into her backside. She was incredibly tight.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh baby, feels so good, fuck Mommy with your finger."
She pulled my head to her cunt while I fingerfucked her ass. The power of her grip on the back of my head was striking. After a few minutes I used two fingers to stimulate and further lubricate her asshole. I also gave her pussy a thorough tongue lashing; I remembered how quickly I had come the first time I had ass-fucked her. If I had any hope of bringing her off this time she would need to be close to the edge before I started.
I slid my fingers into her butt as deep as they would go and brought them back to massage just inside her anus, where she was the most sensitive. Mom was approaching the edge; pussy juice was flowing, she was humping my face, and her groans echoed in the room. Her asshole was also convulsing, clamping down so hard on my fingers that I found it difficult to move.
She let me know she was ready: "God that feels good. Where's the lubricant?"
I handed it to her. She stood, coated my cock, stood and leaned against the bed frame'
"FUCK MY ASS!!"
I applied a last dollop of lubricant to her asshole and fitted the head of my dick against her anus. Slowly increasing my force in a series of short jabs, her sphincter's resistance gradually faded until I popped inside. She immediately clamped down, squeezing the head of cock. I held it there, allowing her time to adjust. I reached around her to her clitoris, but my hand met hers.
"Let me baby, more experienced. Hurts, so good, so good. My tits, hold my tits. Feels so good son."
I took her breasts into my hands as she frigged her clitoris. Soon her comments devolved into an unintelligible series of whimpering moans while I entered her, an inch or two at a time until I was all the way in, After allowing her a moment to adjust, began fucking her in long steady strokes. When I got to the point where only the head of my cock was in her I stopped to let Mom work it with her ass muscles.
I was right to get Mom worked up before I entered her. It was a struggle not to dump my load. She had been on the edge when we started. It wouldn't take much more to bring her off.
We continued fucking. Mom's breathed in time with our motion, pushing against me as I entered her. Her moans intensified and her head dropped down, her brown hair cascading past her face. Then Mom started bucking violently. She no longer stimulated her clit with a finger, but was pushing the entire heel of her hand against her quim. I worked her tits, squeezing the nipples between my fingers, while thrusting into her in a hard corkscrewing motion.
I taunted her. "God, you're a hot sexy bitch. And what a slut. Dressing like a whore, bringing your son to a burlesque show, dancing on stage. Displaying your hard sexy body to strangers. It was so fucking hot!"
That was enough to set her off. "So good, so good. You like Mommy's ass, don't you baby. You're going to fuck my ass all the time, aren't you baby. So good, so, ohhhh, fuck, ohhhhhhhh, fucking shit, goddammnnnn BABY, CUMMINGGGGG........................"
I let go of her breasts as her body convulsed, grabbing her hips to keep my cock inside her. I focused on the mechanics of what we were doing in a difficult, but successful, effort to stave off my own orgasm. After she calmed down I resumed a lazy, slow ass-fucking, which was getting a little easier as Mom's anal channel adjusted to my fat cock.
Mom looked over her shoulder. She licked her lips and said, "You didn't come?"
I nodded no.
"You are quite the stud. It looks like I picked the right lover. Let's do it again, but leave the head of that mother fucking-tool just inside. I'm so fucking sensitive there."
I pulled back until only the head of my cock inside her. She started flexing her ass muscles, using them to massage my penis and titillate herself. While she did so she sank four fingers inside herself while roughly rubbing her clitoris with her thumb. Her body was covered with sweat and she stank of sex, not pretty sweet sex, but sex of the most feral fundamental kind. This woman didn't want to be made love to, she wanted to be fucked. Although the way she was working my cockhead was sending waves of pleasure through my body, I couldn't get the image of power-fucking her asshole out of my mind. I angled her forward, took a firm hold of her hips, and pushed forward, vigorously fucking the hottest tightest place I imagined I would ever be.
"You're such a slut Mom. Giving your son your asshole. Is Mommy ready to her son's anal-slut? I love your asshole, it's like fucking a vise. You ready to be my live-in whore, slutty Mom."
"Take me, fuck me so hard it hurts, pinch my nipples...."
I fucked her asshole with as much power as her tight ass would allow. She pushed back as hard as I pushed in and the sound of our bodies smacking together joined our lustful moans. I took her nipples between my fingers and pinched until I elicited a painful wince from Mom.
Neither of us had much hope of lasting long at this pace and I was damn close. I had to push Mom along.
"Such a tight asshole, perfect place for my cock, never felt anything like it. You're the sexiest thing on the planet, so sexy, so hot, fuck-mate, fuck your son, give your son your asshole, your baby boy is fucking you, he loves your tight ass, be his whore you bit titted slut..."
Mom was getting close. "Yes, yes, yes slut whore slut whore. Mommy will be your fuck toy. Mommy loves your cock, best fuck, best fuck. Make me your whore. Take me. Fuck me. Mommy's cumming, cumming, AHHHHHHHHHHH!!"
I had no chance. As the muscles of her ass contracted I sprayed myself inside her. Totally absorbed in my orgasm I barely noticed when Mom fell away, slithering onto the bed. I soon joined her. As we lay together, I inserted a finger in her asshole, gathering a combination of the lubricant, my cum, and her anal juices and held it up to her. She licked it clean.
"Clean my cock."
After she finished she turned to me, her eyes triumphant. "Was I slutty enough tonight?"
"Yeah, I'm afraid you're gonna be more than I can handle."
"We'll just have to find out, won't we."
* * * *
We woke late the next morning. I could hear Dad downstairs, carrying things to his car in anticipation of his trip. I put on a bathrobe and headed downstairs.
"You slept in. What time did the two of you get in?"
"Late, Dad. Not sure when."
"You and your Mom's shoes and your shirt were on the floor. I put the shoes over there." He gestured to the corner. "I washed the shirt. Its hanging up to dry."
I thanked him. He then turned to what was really on his mind. "I want to talk to you about your mother. I'm worried about her. She's out of control."
"Dad, she's perfectly in control, just not yours. She's making her own rules now. You either get on board or get out of the way. Personally, I'm on board."
"Son, you saw how she dressed last night."
"I love the way she dressed last night. Mom's a sexy hard-bodied woman. What's wrong with having a gorgeous woman around the house; I'm always good for some eye candy. What I can't figure is why your not taking advantage of it. If I were you I'd be fucking the shit out of her. Is she too much woman for you? "
"You're talking about your mother."
"I know she's my mother. I also know she's sexy as hell."
Mom's voice interrupted the conversation. "You packed?' She was slightly damp from a shower and was wearing a silk kimono with nothing underneath. The outline of her massive tits and nipples was clearly visible.
"Yes."
I walked over to her, pecking her on the lips. My chest bumped her breasts.
"We were just talking about you."
"All good, I hope."
"All good. We were talking about what a sexy piece you are." I patted her ass.
Dad started to say something, but Mom spoke first. "Why, thank you son." She kissed me again and faced Dad, arms on hips, legs spread, presenting herself. "Does your father agree?"
I came up from behind and lay an arm across her shoulders. "Mom, he doesn't seem to appreciate you as much as I would think most men would."
Mom picked up Dad's biggest bag. I took the next biggest. Dad grabbed a small overnight bag. "We'll walk you to the garage."
After we loaded the car, Mom told me to wait inside. I returned to the house and went out the front door, circling around to a garage window.
The driver's door was open. Dad's was standing inside the door, his back against the door frame. Mom was about an inch from him.
"Dear, I've worked so hard to get this hard sexy body. I can see all these men, hell I can see women, staring at me, wanting to fuck me. Even our son looks at me in ways not natural. And I am so horny, I want to be fucked all the time. You're just not doing your part."
Her hand was rubbing his crotch.
"I feel some interest down there. Maybe I can inspire you."
"Honey, I've got to get to the airport."
"Don't worry, if memory serves, this never takes you too long."
Mom freed his erection and pushed him back into the driver's seat, facing the door. Mom got on her knees, took him in her mouth, and swallowed most of his penis, pulling back until only the head was between her lips. As she bobbed up and down the movement of her cheeks showed how intensely she was working his cock. Dad's eyes were closed and his body moved in time with Mom's head. I knew the power of Mom's blow jobs. Dad wasn't going to last long.
Then he came. "Oh, oh, oh, oh dear, uhhhh."
Mom stood, opened the kimono, and pulled his head forward, inches from her sex. "Return the favor."
In a pleading tone he said, "But dear, I've got a plane to catch."
Mom let go of his head and he sank back into the car. She towered over him. Fear was on his face.
"You can have this," gesturing to her physique, "and you're worried about a plane? Okay, honey, I'll see you when get back."
Dad turned to face the steering wheel and hit the garage door opener. I beat it back to the kitchen, but Mom was there first. As we heard the garage door shut and Dad back out of the driveway, she undid the kimono, pushed her body against mine, draped her arms over my shoulders, and gave me a deep kiss.
"You enjoy the show?"
I was busted. "It was, interesting."
"Guess it was. You've wanted me as a fuck-mate. He's hopeless, you've got me. Fuck your Mommy. Fuck her deep, hard, and right now."
Mom dropped the kimono and placed both hands on the kitchen counter, pushing her ass into the air. I shed my robe and took my place behind her. She reached between her legs, took hold of my stiff cock, and slipped it into a very ready, very wet, cunt. She was cooing and sighing and whimpering, waiting to be fucked.
I took Mom at her word, there would be no foreplay; only a good powerful fuck. I thrust my hard-on into her; she lunged back at me with equal force. Our bodies made a sharp smacking sound as they came together. We quickly found our rhythm.
"That's the way, baby! Ram it into me! Oh, God...oooaooohh., ahhhhhh.. . good.. .SO GOOD!"
"God, I've wanted you Mom. I've longed for this day. Your pussy is so sweet, as tight and soft and wet as I've dreamed. From now on you're mine. Say it."
"God yes, I'm yours. You know how to fuck your Mommy. Fuck her hard. Fuck me. My pussy's so wet! Fuck my cunt, do it hard!"
Mom's cunt muscles were working my cock over with such gusto that I doubted I would have been able to move it without the lubrication pouring from her.
"God, you're tight!" I said as I continued to ream her out. "Oh yeah Mom, I need it. So fucking tight! Do you like it? That's what you wanted, isn't it? Am I fucking you hard enough, Mom? You like it? You like a big hard cock up your cunt? Was it worth waiting for?"
"Do it harder!" Mom practically screamed. She pushed away from the kitchen counter, supporting herself on her outstretched arms. "Harder. Kill me with it, stud. Oh, shit, I love your cock fucking my cunt! Mom needs your cock all the way inside her. I WANT YOUR CUM!"
I tried to give the lady what she wanted. Holding her hips, I fucked her with all my power. She lowered her torso until her massive tits flattened against the counter. Her body was twisting and turning as I delivered wave after wave of excruciating delight. She dug her heels into the floor, her ass shimmying. My cock was reveling in the silken wet tight perfection of her cunt.
At this pace neither of us was going to last long. Mom started a now familiar pattern of deep moans, moving her hands to the wall for leverage. She rocked her body against mine with the same force as I was thrusting forward. I could feel the cum churning inside my balls. Then, as I felt myself about to explode, Mom shouted, "FUCK, CUMMING. SO FUCKING GOOD!!" Her cunt contracted hard on my cock and she pushed back, using her hips and hands with all her strength. My cock, as deep as it could ever go, bumped her womb and I came, blasting my seed into her pussy for the first time.
Only half conscious, I staggered back into a kitchen chair. Mom leaned against the counter, leaving me with a perfect view of her vagina as my cum dripped from her and crawled down her legs. I could see red marks on her hips, left by the firm grip I had on her when we fucked. After a few minutes she came over and sat on the chair facing me, her legs straddled on either side of mine, her forearms on my shoulders, my chin resting against her boobs.
"Is this what you want, your Mom as a live-in, ever available, fuck-mate? You won't need to go chasing pussy now, mine is here 24/7. However, I warn you Buster, I am a very horny woman and its been a long time since the sex has been worth a damn in this house. I may wear you out."
* * * *
We moved into the master bedroom and spent the rest of the weekend fucking, sleeping, eating, and working out. On Monday we threw our jobs into the mix. That evening, our sweaty bodies tangled together after a good titty-fuck, my cum still smeared on cer chest and face, Mom surveyed the room.
"You know, I designed this part of the house and I've always loved it. You and I are moving in. In this house, at least, we're going to be unabashed lovers. Which brings us to your father. What are we going to do with him?"
I had given that question a lot of thought and had a rather radical proposal.
"Well, you could divorce him, but he might raise the fact that you're screwing your son. We could rely on him continuing to live in denial and sleep together upstairs. However, I have a more daring idea."
"Go ahead."
"Dad's self-esteem is shot. You and I treat him like the village idiot and he just sits there and takes it. His ego is so fragile that he's protecting it by ignoring the obvious, that you've dumped him in favor of his son. He's also spending the week with Grandad. By the time he gets back from that he should be a emotional wreck. Why not break him? Break his spirit completely and mold him into something useful."
Mom sat up, brushed the hair from her eyes, and was quiet for several minutes. You could see the wheels turning. Finally she said, "It might work."