One year a friend of ours who lived out of town invited us to go with him to a Halloween party. He told us he'd gone a couple of years and that he knew we'd like it because everyone wore revealing costumes and especially the girls. He knew what an exhibitionist my sexy wife was because before he moved we'd had some threesomes with him. He'd also went with us on a weekend trip to the beach and say how Lynn would expose herself to guys in stores, truckers, room service, etc.
It sounded fun and we'd always had fun with Eddie, and being 150 miles away was perfect knowing we wouldn't run into anyone from our small conservative town. The party was on a Saturday night so we went down Friday night. We stopped a few times for Lynn to go in convenience stores along the way to have some fun. She wore a wrap-around dress that tied at the waist and all she had on under it was a garter belt & stockings. She'd go in and go to the candy aisle since it was right in front of the counter. The cashiers would already be looking at her because she was very beautiful and smoking hot. She'd go to the end of the aisle looking at the penny candy on the bottom and she'd turn halfway facing the workers and stoop down letting her dress fall open at the bottom enough to expose her long sexy legs and where they could see her garter attached to her sheer stockings.
She'd scoop up a handful of candy in each hand and when she stood up after taking a couple of steps the belt on her dress would somehow " Accidently " come loose and her dress would be wide open. The fact she'd sewn elastic inside to pull the dress back on both sides might have had something to do with it. With both hands full of candy she had to walk to the counter like that, not trying at all to cover up. Giving the people working there a long look at her sexy 21-yo, 5-8, 110-lb, 34D-24-35 wife's body. With long red hair & matching bush and sparkling green eyes she was a knockout. She'd pretend to be embarrassed and say how sorry she was. But took her time closing her dress back.
We did that at several stores on the way down and once we checked in she ordered room service and as I watched from the balcony she answered the door in a see-through housecoat with the garter and stockings still on. And though it was see-through she still left it wide open. I was surprised to see a young girl had brought our food. But she seemed to like it and even asked Lynn where she'd bought it? This was the late seventies before a Victoria's Secret was on every corner. Then said her girlfriend would love it. That kind of turned Lynn on because she was bi and loved girls with big tits and this girls were huge. After eating it was getting late so we took a shower together and fucked like crazy talking about the night then went to bed.
The hotel had an indoor pool and hot tub so Lynn put on a really skimpy bikini and went down. I waited a while and went acting like I didn't know her. I was in the pool where I could watch and she was in the hot tub. Soon two guys who looked in their thirties were checking her out and got in the hot tub with her. I noticed after a few minutes one had slid over beside her. She told me later she'd let her big tits pop out of her top letting the guys see her huge puffy areolas. And after a few minutes, one of them pointed it out but quickly said how nice they were. She said she had a hard time keeping that top on, and how she wished she didn't have to wear a bathing suit at all. As she went to put it back up the other guy said she didn't have to put it on if she didn't want to and started telling her how hot he thought she was. That's when he slid around beside her and in no time was rubbing her thigh and eventually had his hand in her bottom easing his fingers into her pussy.
She said all she could think of was fucking both of them right in the hot tub. But she settled for pulling the guys cock out stroking it as he fingered her pussy and groped her tits while his buddy watched and played lookout. At one point the guy leaned over and was sucking on her tits and she was thinking about sucking his cock but a woman came in the pool area with some kids so they covered up. It was a good thing too because she headed straight to the hot tub. Lynn had covered up but the bikini didn't cover much and as she was getting out the woman's son who looked to be 12-13 was looking right at her as both tits popped out and with her hands on the rail it took a minute to cover up. Fortunately, the mom was looking in her purse. As she finally covered up again she smiled at him and whispered that was their little secret and he just smiled and nodded. As she walked away his eyes were glued to her sexy ass and since the bottom was like a piece of dental floss her entire ass was hanging out. She caught up with the two guys and asked if they wanted to come up to her room? They looked like they wanted to but the guy who'd been just told her their wives would be back soon.
I waited for a few minutes and went up, turned on by the show. And Lynn was turned on too, but sorry the guys were with their wives because she loves picking up guys in hotels and fucking them. And two guys are even better. So we had sex then rested up for the party. We ordered a pizza later and Lynn went to the door in a towel as if she'd just gotten out of the shower and of course it " Accidently " fell off a couple of times. The second time she just left it off as she went across the room and reached under a chair to get her purse and took her time getting the money staying bent over, her big tits hanging down & sexy ass up in the air. The guy looked to be about our age and was really checking her out and before he left told her how sexy she was. I was in the bathroom peeking out with the shower running.
We ate and then started getting ready for the party. I put on a pair of tight shorts that you could see the outline of my thick almost nine-inch cock with an extension on it that made it look about twelve inches. A pair of dress shoes and a police-style belt and hat and a yellow vest. But Lynn was the one who'd be the head-turner. She put on black nail polish and eye make-up and dark red lipstick. She put on a pair of black stockings with a black garter belt. Sheer black panties and matching bra that barely contained her firm young tits and was sheer enough where if there was very much light you could see her big areolas as well as see her hairy bush. Then a sheer black housecoat that with some light you could see through. A pair of 4- inch boots that looked like witches shoes. A pointed witches hat and a black choker with a locket that looked like a cat. And glue on mole on her cheek. She was the hottest witch I'd ever seen. And she had found a purse that looked like a black cat. And I was just waiting for her to ask someone if they wanted to pet her pussy.
Fortunately, it was cool enough to wear long coats over our outfits as we went through the lobby. We met up with Eddie and headed to the party. Leaving our coats in the car we went in and I was nervous at first when the first couple of people we saw were fully dressed. But they were going to go take their kids out trick or treating and come back later. And I could hardly wait because the wife was a sexy blonde with big tits. They both were looking over Lynn as she was right in front of a lamp she might as well be nude and the blonde said she had a ways to go to top that, then looked at my huge bulge and told her husband he had a long ways to go to top that and gave me a big grin and said she might have to check that out closer when they got back. We went into the next room and felt better because it was about forty people and all dressed in sexy outfits, especially the girls.
I was hoping Lynn's outfit wasn't too revealing but there were a few who were showing even more. And one was totally nude and wore a long blonde wig that went to her knees. She had a sexy body but not as good as Lynn's but was still hot. She said she was Lady Godiva and I was wishing she'd ride me. Eddie had told us the women showed pretty much everything and flirted a lot but he didn't think anyone there was swingers. But they were definitely exhibitionist. And none of the guys seemed to have a problem with guys checking out their wives or girlfriends. And I was starting to think Eddie might be wrong about them being swingers when the host told Eddie that single guys were not allowed, but he said he was meeting his date and sure enough a sexy little thing came over and he introduced us. She was only about five feet tall and though her tits weren't that big she looked sexy as hell.
Her outfit played to her small size by having her hair long blonde in pigtails and had on black & white shoes with knee-high socks and a very skimpy plaid skirt that was so short you could see her sheer white panties that showed she was a natural blonde a very skimpy white bra and a see-through white blouse with only a couple of buttons buttoned up. Her name was Mary and I was instantly turned on by her. And it was funny because the first thing she said to Lynn was asking if she could play with her pussy? A couple of people hadn't seen the purse that looked like a cat. But Lynn smiled and said sure anytime you want. We got drinks and mingled a little checking out the costumes and hot bodies. I'd noticed several girls with their tits & pussy exposed. And Lynn had noticed it too. She asked Mary if she knew where the bathroom was and Mary went with her. When they came back both had taken off their bra's & panties. Mary was about five years older than us but the way she was dressed and her size she looked like a little girl and all the guys were turned on by it. As well as a few girls that included Lynn.
We were having a good time and everyone was really nice. I danced with a few of the girls and while slow dancing with Mary she pressed up against me grinding her crotch against mine or trying to since I'm 6-3 and her under 5 feet. But her intent was clear, then she said she knew that wasn't all me but she bet a lot of it was. I couldn't resist and reached down & started cupping her bare ass. She let out a little moan then told me Eddie had told her she could fuck me if she wanted. Then said and she wanted, and before I could respond she asked if Lynn was really bi? I assumed Eddie had told her so I said she was and Mary said she couldn't decide which one of us she wanted to do most. So I suggested both and she loved that idea. I'd noticed lots of guys feeling girls up and a couple of girls slow dancing and pressing together. I'd also noticed some people disappearing for a while.
With Mary holding my hand I went in the direction I'd seen people go down a hall and was surprised to see Lynn coming back from there with two guys. Not shocked at all but surprised and it told me I was right they were swingers. I look in a couple of doors and see a girl sucking a guys cock and in another room a girl with two guys. I saw a couple come out of a room and see its now empty. So I take Mary in. I lay her on the bed with her legs hanging off and start eating her pussy as she pulls her blouse and skirt off. Then slide her closer as she sets up. I pull my shorts off and pull off the extension and put my hand on the back of her head. She automatically takes my cock in her little mouth. She's giving me one of the best blowjobs I've ever had. But I want that pussy so I pull back and lean over and start licking & sucking on those little titties in my mind imagining she's a little younger. I roll her over and get her on her knees and slide my hard cock into her tight pussy. She's loving it and is telling me so and is so loud a few people come and watch as I'm pounding my cock in her pussy. And I'm sure some of them are picturing a big guy fucking the hell out of a little girl as I'm sure that's what it looked like.
I'm more voyeur than exhibitionist but I was enjoying the onlookers in this case. She'd had two huge orgasms and was screaming for me to keep fucking her and said pretend I'm a little girl like most guys do. I'm hammering that pussy and for some reason, I start telling her she was a bad little girl so daddy was going to have to punish her. But she fell right into going yes daddy punish me give it to me hard I'm a bad little girl. She got off for a third time and I'm about to cum. I tell her daddy wants to fill your mouth with his cum. She sits up and starts sucking & stroking my cock until I fill her mouth full of hot thick sticky cum. And my little girl swallows every drop. As I glance over at the door I notice Eddie had been watching and he's got a huge smile on his face. We get our clothes back on and go back toward the front both dying of thirst. I'm looking in the doors as I pass by and see Lynn in a room and a guy's fucking her while she eating a girl's pussy. And I realize it's the couple we first met who'd left to go trick or treating. I notice Mary and can tell she's enjoying it. So I ask how she'd like for me to fuck her while she ate Lynn's pussy and Lynn to be sucking Eddies cock. I was surprised when she said she guessed it would be OK but she really was hoping for it to be just me, her, and Lynn with Eddie watching and that he'd said he wanted to watch.
I ended up fucking three girls that night and one while she sucked another guy I didn't know off. And Lynn got fucked by six guys two being threesomes and was with two girls, one being the couple with the blonde and her husband. And I saw Mary go back with several guys as they were all turned on at how young she looked. I think Eddie was mostly interested in watching his little girlfriend getting fucked.Finally, people started leaving and on the way to the hotel Lynn had me stop at a store and I knew what she had in mind by her big grin. But she even surprised me when she unbuttoned all but the top button on her housecoat. She hadn't put her bra & panties back on. So I knew in those bright lights she might as well walk in naked.
When she got inside I could see right through her housecoat and see her ass and when she turned I could see her tits. And this was from the car. She took her time leaned over looking at candy and when she stood up the top button was undone and the housecoat was wide open. She went to the counter and there were two guys working and she was having a conversation with them and they were all smiling and laughing. I see her look around then lean over the counter and let both guys play with her tits. When she comes out her housecoat was still wide open and I heard a couple of car horns and guys screaming as they passed by and saw her coming out her tit & pussy on display. She was so turned on she had me ride around and find a couple of more stores. The people in the other stores didn't ask to play with her tits but said they liked her costume. And in one store there were several boys in their early to mid-teens playing a video game she hadn't seen in the end of the candy aisle who saw her. We finally got back to the hotel and Lynn put her coat over her shoulders & wrapped it around her and as we got on the elevator she let it fall off as if by accident giving the desk clerk a quick look.
We both took showers and she put on a pink garter belt & sheer stockings with spiked heels. Then said we needed ice and walked down the hall naked except for the garter & stockings. She took her time getting ice and came back. I think really hoping someone would see her. She'd done things like that with a towel on where it could look accidental but she was so turned on by that night she wanted more. They had room service 24-hrs so we ordered room service and she answered the door totally nude and took her time getting the money. I'd only seen her do that once before a couple of years earlier and she ended up telling the guy she didn't have money for a tip and felt bad and offered to suck his dick. He agreed and she sucked him off and let him shoot off on her tits. I found out she'd told this guy that and he'd said he wished he could and even said he'd like to fuck her but that on night shift if they didn't come straight back they went up checking on them.
On the way back we stopped for Lynn to expose herself several times and she flashed some truckers. That was one of our best experiences in our twenty years of swinging. And a few weeks later Eddie & Mary came to visit Eddie's mom and came over and Mary got her threesome with Lynn and me as Eddie watched. And Lynn sucked him off and let him fuck her in the ass while Mary and I watched.