It was late afternoon on a Saturday and my wife Carrie and I decided to take a drive. I love for my wife to tease other men when we are out for a drive. Carrie is BUILT for fun and she is a very good time when in the right mood. No I don't mean she ever fucks any body but she can tease the heck out of them. She has been known to flash her bare boobs and maybe even her bare pussy it the time is perfect.
Carrie is not you little bitty female. She is full blown. All of 5'3" and 135 lbs of total package. Her breasts are full 36c cups and her hips round and full and all woman. And to top it off my wife is much more than slightly beautiful.
We drove south out of town down to the interstate going east and west. I knew Carrie was in the mood to tease because I was sure she was not wearing undies. I had teased her every since leaving our house. We had no more than gotten on the four lane than I began to tease her about showing off for some of our trucker friends.
She unbuttoned several buttons and leaned back.
"Shit Baby just open it wide for them and I dare you to let me drive slowly right by five of them so they can get a good look."
She did just that and leaned back nude to her waist. I began to ease up beside the first truck slowly. I got her even with the drivers door and stayed there.
"Is he looking at you?"
"What do think? He has a huge grin on his face. He has looked long enough move on now."
I eased down on the gas and moved on past him. As I began to pull up on the next truck I knew he had slowed slightly so the radio was working. I eased up abreast of his door and stayed next to him. I road there for several minutes and I could tell Carrie was smiling.
"So he is looking too?"
"Oh yes, he is giving the thumbs up and enjoying this. He is an older nice looking guy."
I eased on ahead to the next semi and up even to his door. We road there for some time. Before she burst out laughing.
"He is young and Hispanic and he is telling me he wants to suck them and fuck me."
We moved on and Carrie made no effort to cover herself. There was a void of a few miles where the Semi trucks were spread thinner. We passed two more and Carrie gave them a full five minute view of her goodies before I moved forward. So we had given the view to five drivers but she was still displayed completely as I move up on the sixth truck. As I eased up beside his door she gasp.
"Oh my, he is a big guy and very nice looking. and he likes me lots."
I rode there for longer than usual before moving ahead again. We had moved past three more trucks before she had spotted the rest area sign and told me to stop so she could go in and pee.
As we had driven along teasing the men we had talked about our relationship and the fact we were one of the very few couples who were only one person people. I was her first and only and she mine. Oh we teased about changing that. Many men found Carrie very sexy and worked on her to change it and I had a few girls make it clear they would be interested.
Carrie has made it clear she has always been attracted to black men and I have teased her about going black and whether she'd come back. We had laughed about it many times. I pulled in to the rest area and Carrie jumped out and went in. A Semi pulled in as she was walking in and a big guy got out and crossed towards our car. As he walked up I buzzed my window down.
"You were nice enough to show your wife off to me and I thank you very much. Would you be sporting enough to give me a chance to fuck her?"
I smiled at him. He was tall and very nice looking and very negro. Maybe the large nice looking guy I had given extra time to look Carrie over?
"So what did you have in mind?"
"The next rest area is 56 miles down the road, let her ride with me down to it so I get the chance to talk her out of her cloths and into my sleeper?"
"So you think you can get lucky?"
"I have no idea, but she is a beautiful woman and seemed interested? And my guess is you are about to tell me you are the only guy she has ever been with?"
"I was about t tell you that yes, but she does have an interest in interracial, and if you can get her to ride with you down to the next one you have chance. And I will level the field for you a bit. Once we are there you get 30 minutes with her alone there before she gets out. If she does not get out and come get in I will figure you may get it done?"
"Wow that is way more than fair. may I tell her you have given me the ok for her to ride with me?"
"Sure but don't hold your breath it will give you any advantage. It will be completely up to her."
Carrie walked up about that time with a puzzled look on her face the she got a good look at him and she broke into a grin.
"Well hello, where did you come from?"
"I followed you in here and I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your show. You are the most beautiful woman I have seen in some time. I ask your husband if by chance you would ride to the next rest area with me? And yes, in part it is about a chance to get you naked, but it is much more about getting a chance to know you a little."
"And what did he say about us going for a ride?"
"Well he surprised me by saying he was alright if you decided to come with me. But he told me not to hold my breath as it is completely up to you."
Carrie stood thinking for several minutes. Finally she looked up at him and smiled.
"That sounds like fun let's go."
I am sure I stood mouth wide open as she took his hand and they headed for his truck. As they walked off I heard her ask.
"So would you prefer my top off for you on this ride?"
I could hear his laughter as he replies to her but not what he said back. But I could see her hands had moved to the front of her blouse as they neared his Semi. It was parked with the rear of the rig my way so as he flipped his door open I watched her reach for the hand rail as she started up into his truck. I saw her blouse was open and when she reached up it pull away and her bare breast was completely exposed.
The Rig fired up and he pulled away. I backed out and followed it. He drove the speed limit and I followed about a half mile back. As we move toward the next rest area I realized how surprised I was at Carrie actually going with him and the fact I was very sure she was topless up there with him in his truck. The longer we drove the more excited I became.
I just could not really believe Carrie was up in the Cab topless with him. But I had seen her bare breast as she had climbed up the side of his ladder going into it. And I suddenly realized I was very excited her breasts were very likely bare for him.
We were more than 30 miles toward the next rest area when I knew I had to see if she was semi nude with him and I began to move up on him. I had to see if they really were out bare for him. I caught him and eased by. As I slipped forward from his truck I did not see her in the rider seat. But there up on the console between the seats my wife sat next to him and her legs were bare and I could see no sign of clothing at all. So could she be completely naked?
I was more confused and even more excited. By this time I saw the rest area coming up and I swung into it faster than I wanted. I pulled up in truck parking and he eased into the space next to me. I waited for her door to open and for her to exit.
Ten minutes passed and I waited. Maybe they had not started the time at the exact same time we had, So at twenty minutes I decided it could be they were only at ten minutes? When 30 minutes had passed I figured they could still have maybe ten minutes? So I was open to the half hour I gave them openly.
I quit watching the clock and I walked up to the rest room and used it taking my time. I still refused to check my watch and I walked out the other side and looked around. I walked to the end of the car side circled back down the truck parking knowing my wife would be sitting in our car when I returned. But, She wasn't so I finally looked at the time.
The time was really difficult to explain away now because by my watch we were over an hour and I had to really look at the chance my wife had a big black cock deep inside her. That she was actually fucking her black trucker. I sat in the car and waited for the door to open.
At just shy of 3 hours the truck fired up and the passenger door opened. My wife's legs came out and she backed out and down the ladder. Her ass was bare and her pussy was gapped as it cam into view. As she opened the door of our car and got in the truck began to move away.
Carrie sat and pulled her short skirt wide for me.
"I am no longer a one man woman, Love! His cock has been in me several times and I loved it."
"You were nude in his truck for some time. "
"His fingers were up inside me before we left the other rest area. And as soon as we stopped here his cock went inside me. "
"So you had a fun Ride?"
"Yes, my Dear it was a fun ride."