"shh it will be fun, no one will know a thing!" Stacey giggles pushing the reluctant Suzie towards the car.
"Of course they will know," replies Suzie "They will know straight away!"
Its always been the same, ever since they were small. Stacey in charge, bossing her younger sister around, well those 4 minutes according to Stacey made all the difference. Suzie unwillingly climbs into the back of the car, thinking as she does that of all the crazy ideas her twin sister has had over the years this is the craziest.
Josh is already in the back seat with his long legs stretched out in front of him and his left arm sprawled out across the back of the seat.
"Hey Babes," he calls as Suzie enters the car.
"Hey yourself," Suzie shyly replies, waiting for Josh to realise that it is in fact Suzie climbing into the back of the car and not Stacey.
"Looking good!" Josh remarks as he draws his arm around Suzie and nuzzles into her neck.
"Damn!" thinks Suzie, "really can he not tell, what the hell! Oh well he will in a minute or two I am sure," she thinks to herself.
Suzie is used to people mixing her and Stacey up, identical twins are after all identical, but even now as she is sat in the back of the car she can't believe her own sister's boyfriend can't tell them apart.
"hey Joshy, hows it hanging?" calls Stacey as she pushes the front seat back forward and climbs in herself.
"Not bad Suzie, not bad at all, its going to be a good party me thinks," he replies wrapping his arm tighter around Suzie's shoulders. Leaning in "Mm mm and when we skip out of said party, I think things will get even better." he whispers, kissing Suzie's cheek. Who in return just giggles and catching Stacey's eye sends a panicked look towards her, only for her sister to just smile and turn away.
Stacey's plan was simple, wind Josh up just a little, have Suzie wear one of her tops, do her hair just a little more like Stacey's and add just a little extra make up and she was sure no one would be able to tell. In return Stacey was dressed in Suzie more modest top, her hair simply tied up in a ponytail and only a smearing of light make up on her face.
So far it was going to plan, poor Josh had no idea who's shoulder he had his arm draped over and who's neck he was nuzzled into. He would surely go ape when they told him but really it was his fault right, he was the one that continuously told everyone that he could tell the girls apart, that there was no way he could mistake them for each other, so really he had this prank coming to him right.
Well that is what Stacey told herself as she settled in the front seat next to Suzie's girlfriend, Anna.
"Mmm there she is!" said Anna as she leaned in to kiss her girlfriend.
Stacey could feel Suzie's eyes burning into the back of her head.
"Might as well wind Suzie up a little while I'm at it," she thought to herself, as she leaned in and kissed Anna on the lips.
As Anna moved her hand to lightly stroke her cheek Stacey suddenly felt a shiver shoot through her body and she responded by parting her lips and returning Anna's kiss fully. "OK that wasn't part of the plan," she thought to herself as she finally pulled back a little breathless and feeling the heat rush to her face as she blushed "But damn that felt hot."
Suzie was sat almost open mouthed in the back seat, "What the hell! What was Stacey playing at and how the hell had Anna not realised she wasn't kissing Suzie."
Anger built in her during the car journey, after that kiss it was going to be almost impossible to admit the prank. Anna would not see the funny side in it and although she didn't care if Josh did or didn't she knew she couldn't upset Anna in this way.
As they arrived at the party, Suzie grabbed Stacey's arm and pulled to one side.
"What was that?" she demanded.
Stacey just smiled "Chill, little sis, just a little bit of fun, no harm done."
"No harm done?" Suzie all but hissed at her sister "you passionately kissed my girlfriend and you think that is nothing."
"OK, I admit I did get a little carried away, but really it was just a kiss, don't be all uptight about it, it meant nothing did it, she thought she was kissing you."
"Exactly!" exclaimed Suzie "She thinks she kissed me, she won't see the funny side of this now."
"Of course she will, come on its funny as hell. Neither of them can really tell us apart," Stacey giggled, starting to head towards the house. "Alright if you are going to get your panties in such a twist, lets skip into the bathroom and change tops back and call the whole prank off."
"I'm not getting my panties in any twist, don't make me out to be in the wrong here," Suzie cried as she grabbed Stacey's arm and swung her around to face her.
The two sisters stood staring at each other for a moment before Josh approached "Hey you two coming?" he called.
Suzie gave Stacey a cold hard stare, "Two can play this game Stace," she said turning and walking smiling towards Josh "yeah babes, we were just having a quick chat, weren't we Suz?" leaving Stacey behind she wrapped her arms around Josh's neck, leaning in, kissing him before taking him by the hand and leading him towards the house. "Lets get this party started." she called back to the now opened mouthed Stacey.
The music inside the house was loud and already it was packed, one thing was for sure the Arnold boys knew how to throw a party and with their parents out of town for the weekend they were certainly going to take full advantage.
By the time Stacey fought her way to the kitchen the others were already stood with drinks in hand. Anna handed Stacey a bottle "here baby, I managed to grab you a beer," she said smiling.
"Thank you." She replied as Anna slipped her arm around her waist, pulling her to her and kissing her cheek.
"Lets dance!" cried Josh emptying his bottle and slamming it down on the kitchen surface. Suzie went to follow when she felt Stacey's hand on her arm.
"I need the loo, come with me Stace," she said pulling Suzie back and Anna smiled releasing Stacey and following Josh to the living room.
Half dragged into the downstairs bathroom Suzie and Stacey stood in the cramped room facing each other.
"finished playing now?" she asked.
"Me, playing you just changed to rules Stacey, I'm just following your lead." Suzie replied expecting her sister to put an end to this game there and then.
But Stacey just smiled, "OMG!" thought Suzie "You can't be serious?" she asked her now smiling sister.
"Oh come on Suzie, you loved it as much as me, I saw your face as you kissed poor Josh, lets have some fun here and we will keep it between us, just like old times, our little secret."
"We aren't children any more Stace and this isn't Aunt Maud, this is Anna and Josh," replied Suzie.
"Exactly, the two people that should know us best and seemingly don't."
"Stace its not right, what if..."
"What if what Suzie...? Come on, I can see you like the idea, like the old days, it will be a giggle."
"This could go very, very wrong Stace," Suzie said seriously.
"Or we could pull this off and no one will be any the wiser, we aren't hurting anyone Suzie, it could be a lot of fun!"
"Not hurting anyone? Are you completely crazy Stace," an exasperated Suzie cried.
"By honest Suzie you like the idea, the chance to experiment a bit."
"Experiment, what are you talking about, how far do you think this is going to go?"
Stacey just winked at Suzie "As far as you want it to, I'm game if you are, its just the like the old days, sharing everything."
Suzie stared at Stacey, her sister was always the wilder of the two but what she was suggesting was way beyond anything she had before. Was she seriously suggesting they swapped partners for the evening and what was she really expecting to happen. Suzie already had a good idea of Josh's plans for the night and what about Anna, could she really let this happen. But then a strange sensation came over her, the thought of her sister with her girlfriend, she should be shocked, horrified, yet she wasn't and then when she thought of Josh she found herself smiling and agreeing. After all Josh was a good looking guy, how bad could this be really.
The girls enter the living room and work their way to Josh and Anna and for the next couple of hours they enjoy dancing, drinking and flirting with each others partner.
All of Suzie's fears have subsided and she feels relaxed in Josh's company, looking over at Stacey she can see Anna really doesn't have a clue its not her she is deep in conversation with and as she watches Anna gently caressing Stacey's back she feels her guilt return and a little envious. Josh is nice but Josh is a guy and well Anna, Anna is her girlfriend and seeing the way she leans in and brushes her lips against Stacey's ear as they chat leaves her a little uncomfortable to say the least.
Meanwhile Stacey is enjoying Anna's company more and more, she is attractive for sure but also fun, so much more fun than she realised. Looking over she can see Josh moving ever closer to her sister, she knows him well enough to know that very soon he'll suggest they go outside for some fresh air. What shocks her most is her lack of care at the thought, in fact the idea is for some reason exciting to her, her boyfriend and her sister and what could happen. She shakes her head, Suzie wouldn't ever go that far though, she was too into Anna and Josh was after all a guy.
Even growing up both Stacey and Suzie had known that Suzie wasn't interested in boys, it was the unspoken fact in their family home, Suzie was a lesbian and as long as no one actually used the word lesbian it was fine for her to be 'different' as her mother put it.
"Penny for them?" Anna asked as her fingers lightly caressed the small of Stacey's back, leaving Stacey unsure if she found it alone arousing or was it also the fact her twin sister was now kissing her boyfriend quite passionately.
"Hey, sorry, I was miles away then," she quickly replied.
"Head in the clouds again my love, what could I possibly do to bring you back to earth?" Anna teasingly said as she kissed the tip of Stacey's nose.
Laughing Stacey pulled Anna into her arms and hugged her tightly as she watched her sister leave through the door, heading outside with her boyfriend.
The night air was cool for a mid August night, Josh and Suzie walked hand in hand down the garden towards the small pathway, that led directly to the beach. Kicking off there shoes they started to make there way to the shoreline.
"I've wanted to get you alone all night," said Josh as he pulled Suzie into his arms.
Before Suzie has time to even think Josh's lips were on her and he was kissing her firmly. She couldn't remember the last time she had kissed a boy and she definitely hadn't ever kissed a man, nor been kissed like this. Automatically she felt herself react and she her body moulded into his, kissing him passionately back.
Compared to kissing Anna this was so different, she could feel the slight stubble on his lips and chin and his tongue didn't so much explore her mouth as completely devoured it. His hold was strong, she could feel his hard muscles under his shirt, the whole feeling of his body against hers was foreign yet also appealing. Even before she knew it, she felt her nipples harden against his chest and she wasn't the only one to notice. Josh's hand was now travelling up her top and under her bra, his hands were so much larger than Anna's and the squeeze so much firmer. She moaned lightly into their kiss as he continued to fondle, squeeze and lift her breast, her body pressing against his. She felt the bulge in his jeans and the way it crushed against her mound, she should be repulsed, yet she felt herself becoming aroused.
"Quick Suzie, come on, they have left," Anna is suddenly pulling Stacey by the arm and leading her towards the door.
"Huh?" asks Stacey.
"Come on this was your idea, quick before we lose them," She giggles.
"who, what, Anna wait!" she calls as Anna's hand slips from hers and she disappears outside.
Following Anna Stacey is still processing her words, "did she mean Suzie and her planned to follow someone tonight?" Then the realisation hit her "Shit! They meant to follow and spy on her and Josh."
Anna is waiting at the top of the pathway, as Stacey approaches she slips her arm around her "You said if would be fun babes and we do owe Stacey payback for walking in on us in the shower," she says as they start to walk along the pathway.
At the mention of the shower incident, Stacey blushes, she had no idea Anna had been in the shower with Suzie but obviously Suzie believed different. But the memory of Anna knelt with her head between her sisters legs was as clear as when she had first seen them. They hadn't seen her at first and she had stayed in the doorway watching. She wasn't naïve, she knew her sister and Anna were sexually active but seeing them together and watching her own sister licked into orgasm had really excited her and when Suzie looked up and caught Stacey's eyes she had smiled and pushed Anna's head deeper between her legs, letting out a loud and animated climax. Much to her embarrassment Stacey realised that, although they had never mentioned again, Suzie must have told Anna and now she was heading to the beach with the soul aim to spy on herself and her boyfriend, only it wasn't her it was her sister with her boyfriend.
Anna pulled Stacey down into the sand "There see them, on the shoreline? If Stacey looks up she will see us for sure," she giggled.
Stacey all but fell to the ground "OMG!" she thought, " Had her sister planned this before or after her suggestion they became each other for the night, surly Suzie wouldn't..." Her thoughts were cut short as she looked up and saw her sister making out with her boyfriend.
"We should get nearer." Anna said as she starts to get up.
"W..What!" replies Stacey.
"Over there look, we can hide under the jetty, get a much better view and not be spotted quite so easily," giggles Anna, making a run across the sand. Leaving Stacey no choice really but to follow.
Settling into their new position Stacey feels Anna's arm brush against hers and feels a warm glow travel through her body. She turns to face Anna, who is staring ahead in the direction of the now half underdressed Suzie and Josh. Anna looks at Stacey, her cheeks are flushed and she moves in closer to kiss Stacey. "You know, ever since you suggested this I've pictured it in my head and even I am surprised how much it turns me on," she says as he pulls Stacey into a deeper kiss.
Stacey feels the softness of Anna's lips on hers, the soft way Anna's tongue trails over and slowly slides its way between her lips and Stacey can't help but to respond. Stacey kisses Anna back, once their tongues meet there is no going back and their kiss becomes deeper and more passionate. The girls kiss a little longer before Anna pulls a way a little "Mm mm, seems I'm not the only one enjoying the view," she teases as they both turn back to watch Suzie and Josh.
Stacey isn't sure what is having the biggest effect on her, the kiss from Anna or the sight of her boyfriend and sister making out on the shoreline. Suzie's arms are now around Josh's neck, as they kiss passionately and Josh's jeans are around his ankles and she can see Suzie's hand wrapped around his hardening cock and at some point Suzie became naked from the waist down and he was lifting her up and she was wrapping her legs around his waist. Stacey watches as Josh's hands start to caress Suzie's ass and suddenly as if mirroring Josh's movements she feels Anna's hand sliding up her skirt.
Suzie was still a little unsure how she ended up half naked being lifted up by Josh but she vaguely remembered Josh pulling her skirt and panties down in the same movement and the way he had hissed in her ear to undo his jeans. Her hands had fumbled as she undid the tight button and unzipped him, he had yanked them down himself and the way his hardening cock sprung free and slapped against Suzie's bare mound had sent a million tiny shock ways through her body. Without thinking she had reached out and taken his shaft in her hand, to say it felt alien was an understatement, hard for sure but soft and warm too, she let her hand slide down its length and heard Josh moan with delight and lift her up off the ground.
Now she was lifted up, her legs wrapped around his waist, his hands caressing her ass, with one arm around his neck she moved the other down to again take hold of his hard cock.
"Mm mm yes babes, stroke me!" Josh mumbled into Suzie's ear and feeling his hot breath against her cheek she starts to slide her hand up and down his length. Then she feels Josh's fingers, rather clumsily, fumbling their between her legs, he definitely doesn't have the gentleness or assured touch as Anna but Suzie can feel herself wet and ready.
As his fingers sink deep into her wet pussy she lets out a soft moan, now her mind screams of how wrong this is, on so many levels. But as Josh finds his stride and starts to finger her more steadily she allows herself to relax and concentrates on stroking his now throbbing hard cock.
Stacey's own mind is racing now as she watches her boyfriend work his fingers around and sink deep into Suzie, just as Anna's fingers do the same to her and she is shocked to feel how wet she is, she isn't the only one to notice. Anna turns on to her back and pulls Stacey on top of her "sit up baby" she says pulling Stacey up so she is sitting a stride her. Grabbing the hem of her top she yanks it up pulling it over Stacey's head, next she undoes her bra, as soon as she is naked from the waist up Anna slides her hand between Stacey's legs.
"Mmmmmm I love to watch your breasts move as I fuck you baby," Anna whispers as she slips her middle and index fingers back deep in Stacey.
She is sat astride Suzie's girlfriend, with her fingers slowly fucking her wet pussy as she watches her boyfriend lower her sister down onto the sand and dive his cock into her. Stacey has never felt so turned on, she starts to grind her hips on Anna's fingers, lifting herself so Anna can fuck her harder, all the time keeping her eyes on Josh and Suzie as he thrusts his hips faster and faster. Stacey can hear Suzie's moans, there's no doubts she is enjoying Josh's cock, which sends mixed emotions through her but then Anna shoves a third finger deep in her pussy and her moans match those of Suzie.
"Grind baby, damn you are so wet baby, you are making me so horny," Anna growls as she thrusts her fingers hard and twists them deep in her girlfriends sisters pussy. Stacey grinds down harder, she has never felt so excited, she knows she is soaking wet, she can feel her pussy juices running out of her. Anna's expert fingers keep fucking her, exploring, touching every single part of Stacey inside, or that is how it feels, she throws her head back as Anna's fingers hit her G-Spot.
"Fuck!" she cries out as she feels the intense rub, Josh has yet to find this area within her no matter how many directions she has given him and here is Anna straight there with ease.
Josh lays Suzie down onto the sand and places himself between her legs, there's some fumbling going on and Suzie soon realises he is slipping a condom on "At least they use protection, who knew Stacey could be so responsible," giggles Suzie to herself and then there he is on top of her, led between her spread legs. She feels his cocks head and she is ready for him.
"Ohhhhh yes Stace!" he grunts as he sinks his hard cock deep into Suzie and she just wraps her arms and legs around him and cries out "Fuck me Josh."
Josh starts to thrust his hips and Suzie moves hers to meet his, causing a sweet slapping of his balls against her ass cheeks. She can't believe how good his cock feels in her, where as with his fingers he seemed unsure now he is angling his cock in different directions exploring her.
His body is heavy and hard against her adding to the experience, Anna's body although fit is still soft and she is only small so in no way heavy. Feeling Josh in this way is the opposite to what she is used to and the aggressive way he is now fucking her, she could only dream of Anna fucking her, taking her like this and she can't help but thrust her hips even harder and moan out loud, which in turn seems to make Josh thrust harder and faster.
"Oh fuck!" Josh grunts "You feel so good baby, shit so good."
"Yesss baby, fuck me, do it!" the words escape Suzie's lips before she realises.
She can feel her orgasm building fast, she is thrusting her hips at Josh, lifting, turning, grinding down so she can feel all of him. Josh's hard cock is now throbbing and pulsing add to the pleasure Suzie can feel he is close too.
Stacey too can feel her own orgasm building fast, Anna is fingering her hard and hitting her G-Spot over and over. Without almost noticing Anna had taken Stacey's hand and pushed it up her own skirt and into her panties. Stacey was rubbing Anna's clit hard and fast, keeping pace with the fingers fucking her, pushing down deep and speeding up as Anna bucked her hips and pushed against her hand.
Stacey and Suzie come almost at the same time and Josh and Anna aren't far behind. Josh falls over Suzie and starts to kiss her deeply, Anna pulls Stacey down on top of her and kisses her deeply.
"Wow!" exclaims Anna "If I knew it was going to be this hot, I would have agreed to spy on Stacey and Josh a lot sooner."
Stacey buries her head in Anna's shoulder "If only you knew the half of it," she giggled to herself...