"Come on slut. I've waited a long time to photograph you" Neil smiled as I lay on the bed naked, stroking the hairless flesh of my pussy.
Neil gave my naked buttock a playful slap and smiled.
"I don't want to come just yet. I want to stay as horny a possible during the photos shoot!" He informed.
Removing his huge hard cock from my mouth, I looked directly into his piercing eyes and smiled.
"There's a rack of underwear behind the desk. Pick a sexy outfit and pop it on, then I'll photograph you then fuck you!" He stated, as though this was an everyday occurrence.
His huge cock looked so beautiful sticking out from his groin that a part of me wished this actually was an everyday occurrence.
Neil held his hand out to help me get off the bed. Taking his hand I pulled myself off the bed and walked over to the rack of sexy clothes. There was the obvious garter belts, corsets and half cup bras, but there was also a delightful soft fake leather Waspie in bright red with four garter straps.
There were a collection of stockings and gloves, plus there was a large box tied with a big blue bow.
"In case you're wondering, the box contains part of your fee!" Neil laughed as my forehead crinkled with curiosity.
I untied the ribbon and opened the large box. My eyes lit up with sexual delight at the contents of the box. Inside was a very small shiny leather look basque with no bra cups and a pair of thigh length boots in an identical material.
"I thought you could wear those with a nice pair of opera gloves!" Neil winked.
My fingers were feeling the soft sensual material of the basque and boots, my eyes enjoying the sensory feast before them.
"And I suppose you would be looking to fuck me wearing this?" I quizzed, with a knowing smile.
"You're standing there naked holding boots and a basque in your hand! Of course I want to fuck you in the outfit!" Neil laughed "I think we should also record us fucking and you can show James the video when you feel like it!"
"Getting fucked off you while I'm dressed in this lot! James would have a cum fest!" I giggled, slipping my arms into the straps of the basque.
"Help me get ready!" I smiled, turning my back and offering the hook and eye fasteners to Neil. Neil being a typical male, fastened the hook and eyes on the tightest position, cinching my waist and highlighting the curve of my womanly hips and large firm breasts. My breasts were exposed due to the basque foregoing bra cups. The garter straps were hanging freely, looking exceptionally slutty.
I sat in Neil's office chair and slipped my feet into the thigh length boots. Pulling the zip up my calf, I witnessed the soft leather of the boots, envelope my legs tightly framing the tautness of my sexy long legs. Once both boots were in place, I stood up from the chair and tottered around the office area, hearing the tight soft leather gently creaking as it hugged my body and legs.
I caught my reflection in a full length mirror and startled myself. As conceited as it may sound, I looked absolutely devastating. My pussy was opening and tingling with sexual excitement, with my stomach flipping with sexual nerves in anticipation of my modelling and imminent fucking.
I walked over to bar effect area and climbed onto a bar stool. Leaning forward, my huge breasts rested on the bar as I crossed my thigh length booted legs. Neil scooped up his camera and began to snap photographs, moving around the stool, capturing me from every possible angle.
I held my breasts in both hands, cupping them seductively, gently stimulating my pierced nipples with my talented fingers.
I smiled at the camera as my fingers twisted my nipples, pulling them forward, providing me with perfect amount of pain and pleasure. I uncrossed my legs, opening them wide and resting the high heels of the boots on the foot of the barstool. Neil went behind me and spoke firmly.
"Push your ass outward and place your hands on your buttocks, pulling them wide apart!"
I obeyed his command and held my ass open wide for the camera to intrude and capture. My pussylips were also being stretched by my actions, as I felt the cool air wafting my stretched pussylips and exposed asshole. This felt incredibly horny, incredibly sexy and incredibly slutty, showing my pink puckered rosebud and tight shaved slit to the camera wantonly.
I felt Neil's finger stroke my excited pussylips then tantalisingly circle my asshole. My asshole and pussy were flexing with excitement, almost blowing kisses to the camera.
"Fucking hell Suzi, I've never seen anyone do that before. It's fucking awesome. You'll have to do that on video!" Neil ushered excitedly.
"When your cocks in my pussy I'll make my asshole twitch for you later!" I smiled "I may even let you fuck my ass and make my shaved pussy twitch!"
Neil's finger continued circling my ass, then very tenderly began to exert minimum force, sliding the digit inside my asshole.
"Oh fuck that's so hot!" I whispered as Neil began to slide his finger in and out of my grasping sphincter.
"Tilt your head back" Neil ordered, ever the alpha male. I did as he requested and watched as he held the camera above my head, angling the lens toward my breasts, shaved mound and wide opened legs. I closed my eyes and half opened my mouth, giving the camera an orgasmic look, which wasn't too far from the truth. I was incredibly sexually excited and Neil's finger was providing just enough pleasure to encourage an orgasm. This was extremely arousing.
I was posing for pornographic photographs for my husbands friend, without my husbands knowledge or permission, wearing outrageously sexy lingerie, getting my asshole fingered and only moments away from being fucked like the cheating slut I desire to be.
My orgasm surged through my entire being as I positioned my head toward Neil's rock hard cock, taking the tip into my warm mouth. Neil began to capture this image on his camera and I decided to really put a show on. My tongue was swirling around the blood engorged end, my lips kissing the magnificent specimen as my teeth gently grazed the purple flesh. The camera angle was perfect for capturing my show stopping blowjob, with my large firm tits and leather lingerie in view. I needed fucked and I needed fucked right now!
Neil placed the camera on the fake bar surface and stood directly behind me on the bar stool. My curvy butt opened and on display, with my tight wet pussy brushing the leather surface of the barstool, sexually tittilating me. My back was arched with my butt pushing back and my huge firm breasts thrusting forward. My head was tilted backward with my mouth partially open. Neil spat on his rampant cock and nudged it to my asshole. I caught my breath in shock and delight as he began to rub his cock around my asshole and up and down the length of my shaved slit.
I was physically purring at this point, desperate to have that cock inside me. Any hole would be delightful. Fucking my pussy would be sexually enthralling, feeling this hot hard beast sliding in and out of me, but having my asshole fucked would be nasty, dirty and incredibly naughty, summing up just exactly how I felt, being there cheating on my husband. Neil spat directly on my asshole sending a pleasurable sexual shudder up and down my leather clad spine.
His cock pushed against my pink rosebud as the head opened my sphincter, gripping his cock as it eased past my defeated sphincter. The pushing and stretching sensation continued until his entire length was buried in my asshole. Neil cupped my breasts, fondling them expertly as his lips and teeth brushed against my neck and earlobes. The erogenous pleasures were sensational as Neil began to fuck my ass slowly.
"Oh fuck Neil. You're cock is so much bigger than James!" I panted "I would do anything for this cock!"
"Are you going to tell James about this?" Neil enquired.
"Only if you want me to! I like the idea of cheating on him and being your slut!" I purred.
"I'm going to fuck you on the bed with the video camera on record. I'll get plenty of facial shots of you saying how much cock and come are inside you, just in case you want to show it to James one day. We both know he likes that sort of thing!" Neil stated.
Hearing him describe what he was going to do to me and how much James would actually enjoy watching his slut wife take cock, sent me over the edge and my second anal orgasm of the day fed my libido deliciously.
Neil removed his cock from my asshole and moved over to the bedroom set. I followed him, somewhat unsteadily on my teetering high heeled thigh length boots. Two video cameras, one at the side of the bed and one at the foot of the bed, were positioned and activated. Neil had connected the cameras to a large creek TV set which was hanging on the wall opposite the foot of the bed. The volume was disabled on the TV so as not to distort the recording. I climbed onto the bed in delectable leather lingerie as my persona appeared on the TV screen. I smiled and winked at the camera, spreading my booted legs wide, displaying my shaved pussy and gaping just fucked asshole to the camera. I looked directly into the camera lens and whispered.
"Come on Neil and fuck me like James never could! Make this hungry slut beg for your cock again!" I teased, knowing if James ever sees this, those words will have him ejaculating in seconds. Neil came into shot with his huge cock thrusting forward. I placed my left hand at the base, ensuring my wedding ring would be on camera as I stroked his cock expertly. Instinctively I shrouded his cock with my warm mouth. I remembered that his cock had just been up my ass and I was now performing ATM! I continued sucking Neil's cock thinking "Fuck it. We'll be doing a lot worse before the day is over!"
Neil just smiled knowing his friends slut wife was sucking her ass juices off his cock.
"Oh fuck yeah whore! Suck your ass juices off my cock you cheating slut wife!" Neil growled.
James and I both love to be taunted and teased, enjoying our submissive leanings, and Neil was quite the expert at sexually tormenting both James and I with his verbal onslaughts.
"I'm going to fuck your married slut pussy and come all over those tits that hundreds of men must have spunked on!" Neil grinned off camera.
I took his cock from my mouth and looked into the camera.
"Lots of men have spunked on my tits. I'm a cock loving dirty slut!" I spoke in almost a whisper.
I was exciting myself with my words and actions. I needed Neil's cock inside me.
"Please fuck me Neil. You know I'm a slut for your hard cock!" I pleaded.
Neil climbed onto the bed, moving between my opened legs and placed the tip of his cock at my shaved slit. I raised my hips and thrust forward, impaling myself on his enormous hard cock. The entire length slid all the way inside my tight wet pussy, forcing my breath to leave my body. Neil and I both began rocking our hips, fucking each other with determined lust. My thigh length leather booted legs wrapped themselves around Neil's strong back, as Neil began to suck and chew my erect nipples. This was wonderful nasty fucking and the pleasure his cock and mouth were providing was sensational. Neil began to bite my nipples, heightening my arousal even further. His teeth were providing the perfect balance of sexual pain and sexual pleasure. I was thrusting ferociously onto his hard cock, feeling the huge meaty manhood excite me in a way that only Neil could.
My orgasm was approaching rapidly, as my booted legs wrapped around Neil's back, pulling him deeper inside me. The first violent convulsions of my orgasm made me moan and pant uncontrollably. The sexual endorphins and pent up adrenaline were overpowering me sexually.
My orgasm didn't diminish but somehow the intensity increased.
My sensitivity was at breaking point as my body experienced a gushing multiple orgasm. Female ejaculate burst from my pussy, splashing up the toned stomach of Neil, as I thrashed my body against his, idolising every solid inch of his breathtaking cock.
Neil continued thrusting deeply. A smiled washed across his face as he whispered through gritted teeth.
"I'm going to spunk on your tits now!" He stated removing his cock, ready to unload on my huge firm breasts.
"Spunk on my face and in my mouth!" I pleaded urgently, just as the first stream of thick white spunk splashed onto my breasts and chin. The second spurt slapped my cheeks as he moved forward. The third, fourth and fifth spurts hit my lips and mouth with tremendous force. I've never experienced so much spunk from one cock.
My face was coated in thick globules of spunk as I looked directly into the lens of the video camera.
"Please fuck me again!" I pleaded "You can do anything you want to me!" I smiled as I took Neil's semi erect cock into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the purple head.
I began to kiss the shaft lovingly, almost adoring the magnificent weapon.
"You're keeping me hard you nasty slut!" Neil declared.
"Please fuck me again!" I implored "My husband could never ever pleasure me the way you do! Let me be your cheating wife slut!" I smiled winking at the camera and continued to lick the best cock I'd ever experienced.