My girlfriend's name at that time was Carly and when I think back I'm pretty sure that the reason I liked her was that she was filthy. She loved to fuck. She loved sucking my cock and swallowing my semen. She loved having her pussy licked and cuming on my face and she was always up for trying new things sexually.
Carly was perfectly built. She was a semi-professional ballerina and although only 5'2" tall she had the physic of an athlete. She had little pretty feet with painted toenails, strong slender legs, a tiny waist, and a strong torso with high firm 30B breasts. I could hold her arse cheeks in one hand. She had a cute pear-shaped face with big blue eyes. All this was topped off with long curly blonde hair and surfer tanned skin! She would turn the head of any man.
I think that the best thing about Carly was that she had a very confident attitude towards sex. If she thought something would be fun or feel good she would do it. She didn't let silly things like inhibitions or embarrassment get in the way.
I'll give you an example.
After one of our very first dates, I was driving us home from the cinema. It was after midnight and the summer night air was cooling down the heat of the day. As I drove Carly started rubbing my thighs and leaning over and biting my ear. This was a sure sign with her and she told me that she was mega horny and wanted me inside her. I was obviously happy to oblige but could do anything as we were on the motorway. She flicked on the car's interior light and sat back in her seat. She turned so that she was facing me with her back against the car door. She kicked off her shoes and lifted one of her pretty little size 3 feet with red toenails onto my shoulder and the other onto the dashboard of the car. Then she hitched up her bum and wriggled out of her skirt and underwear and immediately plunged two fingers into pussy. I could see that she was clearly soaking wet and needed no extra lubrication. Her pussy took her fingers easily and she began rolling them around and pumping them into and out.
Bearing in mind this was only our second or third date, it's what happened next that surprised me.
The only way I can describe it is that it was like watching Winnie the Pooh eating honey from a honey pot.
I nearly crashed the car as this fiery little 22-year-old hottie sat in my passenger seat pumping her two fingers in and out of her soaking wet pussy then lifting them straight into her mouth to drink her juices. Over and over she did it. Fingers pumping in and out of her pussy hole, once, twice, and after the third time up to her mouth.
I have never seen anything like it. She was really going to town on herself.
In, out, in, out, up to her mouth and hungrily sucking and cleaning her fingers.
By now her face and chin were getting as wet as her pussy. Her own pussy juices were literally dripping off her chin. She was soaking in both holes.
I still had 5 miles until the next junction where I could exit the motorway so did my best to watch her show whilst also trying not to kill us both by hitting the central reservation.
After a few more minutes and repetitions of the pussy fingering and the sucking clean she starting moaning and groaned saying she was going to cum. She worked herself hard now. Hard and deep. I watched her legs start to shake and she focussed her hand action on her g-spot now. She left her fingers inside her pussy and pumped her pretty digits back and forth to get them deeper. I could hear the wet squelching as she ebbed nearing her orgasm. Faster and faster she worked at herself clearly knowing how to work her genitals to maximum pleasure until she tensed. She squeaked a high pitch and I watch as she emptied a huge amount of liquid out of her pulsing pussy onto the car seat. She flooded her seat.
These days 'gushing' is a thing that most people are aware of but back then in my early twenties and before 'internet porn' I'd never seen a girl do this.
I was amazed to see this clear liquid spurting from her hole. It splashed me in the face and soaked my clothes and the car. I felt it hot on my face and on my lip. My tongue automatically darted out of my mouth and tasted her juice. It was salty with a musk not dissimilar to my own semen but it also had a slight urine aroma. It was heaven.
For a moment I was just shocked and took a second to refocus. I checked the road and wondered how long since I last checked that I was heading straight into a field or on-coming traffic.
When I looked back at Carly I saw that she had moved both her hands to foam a little cup beneath oozing pussy hole. I thought that she had been attempting to catch her mess as it had flooded from her. But then she carefully raised her cupped hands upwards being careful not to spill the pool of liquid she had in her hands. She raised it to her mouth and drunk it coolly down. She clearly savoured and enjoyed the special liquor that she had produced with her genitalia. She closed her eyes and relished her special potion being careful not to spill a drop.
As she finished her elixir I saw that I was only a couple of miles now to our exit of the motorway.
She sat cooing and purring contently in the passenger seat of my car with a satisfied glow. Her face was flushed red and her breathing was beginning to calm. She made no attempt to close her legs which were splayed wide with her soaking wet slit naked and exposed to my eyes. Equally, she made no attempt to clean her face which was soaked. Sticky liquid hung from her chin and I know noticed how wet her hair was from all of her frantic splashing of her juices.
I asked her "Babe, that was so fucking sexy, have you done that before?"
She smiled and answered without any hesitation or bashfulness, "yeah loads. I used to do it a lot growing up". She giggled and continued "I used to masturbate by rubbing my hairbrush on my pussy but then I found this weird thing in my mum's bedside table which had a curved at the end and would hit me inside in a whole new way". She giggled again.
I raised my eyebrows intrigued, "Right, go on" I said. (I was loving this).
She smiled, acknowledging my excitement. "So basically I used to use using my mum's vibrator, as a sex toy, but I didn't know that it was actually a sex toy. I'd do it until it made my legs shake, cause I didn't know that was an orgasm". She laughed like she was telling me a pub joke! My wide eyes and open mouth expression must have encouraged her to continue.
She went on, "the silly thing was that I couldn't actually fit it into my pussy at first, so I used to rub my pussy with my fingers and would put my mum's vibrator up my arse". This made her really laugh again. I was amazed. She had no embarrassment at all.
"So, I would literally bounce up and down with my mum's vibrator in my arse and one day I got so carried away that I missed and hit my pussy and it went in. I think that I took my own virginity." Again, she laughed.
"Anyway, I told one of my friends about it and she told me that she rubs herself in the same way but she really wanted to see this magical device from my mum's bedroom drawer. So we arranged a sleepover and I showed her how I use it. Then she used it and one thing led to another and we needed up rubbing our pussies together but that time when my legs started shaking it was all wet down there. But it felt great. My friend asked me if she could kiss me, down there and I agreed if she'd let me kiss her and I just liked the taste after that". I was stunned by her candidness.
"So after that, I would rub myself loads, every morning in bed and in the bath at night and any other opportunity I had. I learned how to make my orgasm wet, cause that's what felt the best and every time I'd lick my fingers or try to catch it and drink it". She told me proudly.
Only now did I notice how hard my cock was and how it was straining against my jeans.
As I finally exited the motorway I pulled into the fist lay-by I could find and stopped the car.
I looked back at Carly who had now assumed a mischievous grin and who said coolly 'get out of the car'.
I did as I was asked and immediately started surveying my surroundings. I was looking for a little wooded area or maybe a bus stop to dart behind. My eyes were like a radar system scoping a suitable target.
Carly's car door opened too and she followed me out of the car. She had taken an extra moment whilst I assumed she had straightened herself up a little. However, when she emerged I saw that she was now completely naked.
If I'm honest, I felt a small amount of panic at her nudity in such a public place. Yes, it was late a night but every few minutes a car would exit the roundabout and either head left away from us or circle the round-about and head past us in our lay-by.
"Babe seriously?" I stammered as I watch her sexy tight body slinking towards me.
"Don't be such a prude" she giggled back as she took my hand and led me to the front of my car.
She spoke again in a firm and controlling manor "Bend over with your hands on the bonnet".
I did as I was told. She stood behind me and I felt her hands encircle my waits and expertly undo my belt and jeans. She pulled them down which wasn't easy as I was bent over at the waist.
As my jeans hit the floor a car whizzed past us. I turned my head to watch the car's brake lights flash on as the driver's brain momentarily attempted to compute if what they thought they just saw was actually real or if their brain was playing tricks in the darkness. The brake lights went off and the car carried on into the distance.
Carly now hooked her fingers into the waist of my boxers and she quickly whipped them down allowing my heaving blood filled cock to spring free into the cool night air. It felt good.
I could feel her kneeling behind me and she reached her right hand round to grab my aching cock whilst her left hand came up between my legs to grasp my hefty ball sack.   Carly loved my balls and would play with them all the time. She said that she loved the way they felt in her hand.
She used her left hand to squeeze and pump my bollocks while her hand began a steady back and forth on my heaving cock.
I saw another car exit the motorway and watched with relief as it took the first exit left from the road about away from our 'not to secluded lay-by'.
As I watched the car move away I felt a new sensation. Carly's hot breath on my asshole changed from exciting warm air to a hot wet tongue.
I moaned with immediate enjoyment and allowed myself to push back slightly onto her face. She surely took this as a positive sign and increased her efforts. I had never been tongued in the arse before and Carly clearly wanted to satisfy.
She pumped my balls, work my cock, and hungrily ate my arse.
I laid farther forward so that my elbows were flat out on the bonnet which lifted my arse higher and more open to her work.
Again, she increased her tempo acknowledging my pleasure.
A car flashed past us which I hadn't even seen leave the motorway.
My orgasm was very close. Carly could feel the tightening in my balls and hit top speed with her hand on my shaft and her mouth on my arsehole. I came hard. My spunk hitting my car bonnet. I could feel her tongue deep inside my back passage. She pumped each jet of spunk out of my cock with her hand from the front, whilst she squeezed by balls on each spurt and pushed her tongue into me from behind. As my climax subsided she slowed her hands and removed her face from between my cheeks. She milked the last few drops of spunk from my cock with an expert hand. I breathed heavily but managed to stand up and pull my underwear and jeans up over my wilting cock.
We both shuffled around and fell into the car. Our breathing was returning to normal and I turned the ket to start the engine.
Carly made no attempt to put on her clothes. She sat naked in her seat until we got back to my flat. I parked and watched as without a care in the world she picked up her clothes and sneakers and got out of the car. She walked up the stairs toward my door with my eyes burning into her tight toned tanned thighs and arse cheeks that were milky and sticky from her sex waters and as I fumbled with my key to open my door she said cooly and with a smile, "hurry up please, I'm dying for a piss and I want to do it all over your cock and face".
The End
It takes a long time to write these stories and I enjoy doing it but I really want to hear your thoughts and comments.
If I, got you off, please take a few moments to tell me about it.
This is an original story by Inhales Deeply.