It was still relatively early when we got home; Mom and Dad weren't there, yet. After a quick shower, we settled in to watch TV with both of us falling asleep. I woke up when I heard the parents come in; looking at the clock, it was almost 2 AM.
Lori, wearing only my t-shirt from earlier, was sprawled across the bed. I had seen her naked, fucking me, and in one incredible self-shot photo but I was never going to get used to seeing her body.
I got up to make sure the door was locked then crept between her legs. Her pussy was so beautiful. Pale and pink. Lips prominent and slightly protruding, there was a slight part towards the bottom. Checking to make sure she was still asleep, I smiled as I leaned in and ran my tongue from bottom to top. Lori shuddered but didn't wake up. I licked then sucked on her clit. That did it.
Lori sat straight up with a "HaaaaaAAAAAA!" she looked down at me. "You dirty fucker."
I shrugged the best I could while continuing to lick. Laying back, she ran her fingers through my hair as I worked. I had to stop as she started to get loud and cautioned "Mom and Dad just got home. Don't get too loud." Lori forced my face back down where I began to lick in earnest. She locked her legs around my head as I brought her to her first orgasm. As her second one crashed through her, she rolled to the side, taking me with her.
Freeing myself from her crushing thighs, I sat up. Grinning, I saw her curled up and noticed that by pulling her legs up like she had, it exposed her butt. I didn't think twice before rolling her onto her front, spreading her cheeks, and diving in. Lori yelped as soon as my tongue swiped across her hole.
"Yessssss. Thank you. Thank you!" I know she tried to be quiet but I wasn't sure. To her credit, she buried her face in the pillows but I could still hear her moans and cries.
I decided to up the ante.
Licking my index finger, I began rubbing it around her ring. She stopped moving and I could almost feel her willing her clenched muscle to relax. "There!" she moaned as I pushed, softly, at the crinkled opening. It didn't yield so I attacked it with my tongue; licking and sucking, I pressed and poked until it finally loosened enough to allow my tongue to barely penetrate.
AT LAST!
Using both my mouth and finger, I continued helping her relax. Millimeter by millimeter I eased my finger in. Getting in to the first knuckle started her third orgasm with a low moaning, building in intensity. Lori was fighting to control her volume but even with her face buried she was loud. I removed my finger and thrust my tongue in. She bucked against my face as it crashed through her and cried out into the pillow. Finally, she managed to pull me away. "Stop!" then drew me up next to her. Still breathless, "You are never leaving me, right?"
"Never." I responded with a huge smile.
"Good. Because you are SO doing that again," she kissed me. "And again," and kissed me, "and again! I cannot tell you how good that feels."
"I think you've given me a pretty good idea."
Climbing on top of me, she reached down to guide my dick into her; sinking down my shaft until I was fully buried inside her. It was my turn to groan as her heat enveloped me. "You feel sooo good."
Lori lay on my chest, sliding her arms under mine. "Yeah, I do."
She barely moved as her walls clamped and griped and milked my cock. Lori kissed me as we lay there. "I want to make you feel like I did." She rode me until I was close. "You're feeling pretty big, are you about to cum?"
When I nodded, she stopped.
As I settled back down, she alternated between kissing me and whispering increasingly filthy things into my ear. "I want you to cum deep in me. I want a big load, like over at Eric's." then biting my ear, "Did you she her boobs? They were fucking huge!" Smiling down at me, "I'll bet you'd love to see us naked together." she started moving again, "What do you think? Me and her, rubbing our tits all over each other?" she had a small orgasm but she kept at it, bringing me close to the edge again. She leaned in again "Maybe you'd rather see me lick her pussy? Hmmm? I'll bet you'd like that! I bet she's yummy." she groaned softly. "Damn it! If my pussy wasn't so sore from your big cock slamming into it I'd roll over and make you fuck me. I'd scream so loud your parents would swear you were killing me." My balls were aching with the need to unload.
I grabbed her hips and made her keep going "Needy?" she joked.
"Bitch" I breathed.
She stayed flat on my chest as we worked together. I felt my cum rising as she moved around on my dick, the agony of it climbing up the shaft. "Fuck! Lori, I'm going to cum." I gasped into her ear. She clamped down on me and buried her head in my shoulder, biting me as she came again. It felt like my cock exploded fire deep inside her.
"God! It's so hot! Fill me! Fill my womb! I want it dripping out during Church like last Sunday!" she kept up her ramble as blast after blast filled her. With a final deep thrust, I gave her everything I had and then I was done! My head fell back and my hands let her loose. I think I told her I loved her as I passed out.
Waking up with Lori spread across me, I glanced at the clock and saw that it was just before 10. CRAP! There was no way we were making it.
Lori moaned as I moved to crawl out of bed "Oh God, I'm sore." Laughing, I told her we were going to miss Church.
Her eyes popped open. "What?!" as dirty and naughty as she could be, Church was still incredibly important.
"Don't freak. We can make it to 1230 Mass in the City." I told her.
Still, she flew out of bed and into the bathroom. I hauled myself down the hall to the other bathroom. 30 minutes later I was downstairs talking to Mom waiting for Lori. They had overslept as well but decided to skip.
I got text from Eric thanking me for my help. Apparently he was just getting up, too. I gave him a call and invited them to go to Church and lunch. He needed to check with Vanessa; a few minutes Eric called back and told us to pick them up. An hour later we were racing down the highway.
After Church, Lori said she wanted to go shopping for a dress. I must have looked at her funny because she said "I need something to wear to Prom."
Prom. I had almost forgotten about it; I had been rather distracted.
Vanessa was all excited about shopping, I mean, what girl isn't, right?
They huddled together in the back seat planning where to go and what to wear. I looked at Eric and asked "So, got a date for Prom?"
He picked it up "There are a couple of girls I was thinking of asking..." he stopped when Vanessa popped him on the head. I looked in the mirror and Lori gave me a 'look' then refocused on telling me where we needed to go first.
Three malls later, I was thankful my truck had a covered bed. It was loaded up with all kinds of new clothes and shoes. However, the highlight of the day had been when Eric and I got to watch the girls model the slinky, slutty, revealing dresses they were not going to wear. Lori informed me that, since I had been such a dick forgetting about Prom, I got to pay for hers but promised that it would be worth every penny.
Before we headed home, Eric suggested that we go eat at the Olive Garden, yep, slow to start... We asked for a corner table, in back, so we could talk.
Vanessa started it off. As soon as the waiter took our order and walked away she asked "Are you two always like that?"
I was a little embarrassed to be talking about it and started to beg off but Lori jumped in with both feet. "Yeah, pretty much. I get horny and I jump him."
Eric was no help, he had a shit eating grin spread across his face.
"I've seen porn that was less explicit than you guys!" Vanessa commented. "I..."she glanced at Eric "We didn't see it all but, after I heard you scream, I had to look."
Eric had busied himself with drinking his water until Vanessa said "I hope my first time is half as awesome as yours." He started choking as Vanessa and Lori both looked at him innocently.
Lori's turn, "What did you guys do after we left?"
Vanessa was already a little flushed but Eric decided to answer although he was less graphic "She, uh, tried to do what we saw you do at the end." Vanessa turned absolutely crimson but Eric took her hand and finished "She was very good." then looked at me and said "Her boobs are AMAZING!"
I was surprised when Vanessa leaned over and kissed him, asking "You really think so? I mean, I was...I did a good...?"
"Yeah. I mean, it was incredible. You said you weren't then...." It seemed that Lori and I had been forgotten.
"I'd never done it but after I saw what Lori did. I'm not sure I like the taste, you know, at the end, but it was..."
"I can't get enough of Mike." Lori stated boldly. "It freaked me out at first then..." She trailed off as she saw the look on their faces. "What?"
I laughed "You are such a little slut."
Vanessa gasped and Eric whistled "Dude! That is seriously wrong!"
Lori shocked them both, again. "Why? I am."
"Did you just say that you were a a a slut?" Vanessa's voice full of disbelief.
"Sure. Well, I'm Mike's little slut." She deliberately moved her hand from the table to under the tablecloth onto my leg. Looking at me, she said "I think I would do anything for the man I love."
"But you know I wouldn't ask."
"I know. That's one reason I love you." she responded.
"Man, where do I get me one of those?" Eric murmured followed by "OOOWW!" We looked over; Vanessa had a fork in her hand and was firmly pressing it down on Eric's hand staring death at him.
Lori and I both laughed at the sight. "Eric, if you stop being a dumbass and treat Vanessa right, you might get your wish." commented Lori.
"Yeah, right, like that's ever going to happen." responded Vanessa.
Eric got up, looking very ashamed, he said "Vanessa, I'm sorry. It's just...I'm sorry." he shrugged his shoulders and then walked away.
I saw the fear cross Vanessa's face. Telling Lori, "I'll be right back." I followed.
Eric was leaning against my truck when I found him. I didn't say anything. He began "Mike. I," and stopped.
"Do you care for her or is she just a hot chick with boobs?" I asked.
"I think." he paused, "You know, I saw how she'd been looking at you for weeks before I knew you guys were dating, Lori I mean. You guys are amazing together." He looked at me, "You to know that I never really wanted to go out with her, right?"
"Did everyone see it but me?" I asked.
Shrugging, "I'm not sure what I want with Vanessa. Sure, I want a good time. Sure, I think she's hot. I mean, you saw her tits last night, didn't you?"
Smiling at the memory, "Yeah, they were pretty spectacular."
We stood there a few minutes before he continued. "I meant what I said. I don't want Lori but you two have something." I nodded. "I don't know if I'm ready for that level of commitment."
"Is Vanessa asking for it?"
"No. I suppose not."
"Then enjoy the ride. If you guys break up tomorrow you can still be friends. If this thing lasts for the next 60 years then it will. Be happy. Don't push. I think Vanessa knows what you meant inside."
"Think so?" he asked.
"If I know Lori, she'll have this so smoothed over when we get back in there that we might need to skip dessert." I joked.
I was right. We returned to the girls and ate lunch, dinner, whatever. We talked about everything but last night. When it was time for dessert Lori declined for us all.
The drive home was quiet; Eric up front with me and the girls in back. Every once in a while Lori would whisper something to Vanessa, her eyes would go wide or she would blush and look at me or Eric then nod. Yeah, Lori was up to something. The last time I looked back I saw them both holding their hands up and apart like they were measuring fish. When it hit me, I re-adjusted the mirror and heard them both laughing. Eric asked what was going on, I just shook my head.
We dropped them off at Eric's and made plans to meet back there at seven then home to unload and change.
There was a note from Mom saying that they were going to meet up with Lori's parents for dinner. The house was empty and we had just under an hour.
I flirted with Lori, teased her, then all but ripped her clothes off in an attempt to have a quickie but she kept begging off, saying that she was still a little tender. I gave up, not wanting to cause her any more pain, although I did joke that I couldn't wait to see how she walked on Monday. I got the bird in return.
Lori wore a loose skirt that barely covered her ass and one of my undershirts; I could see her brown nipples through the thin material. She told me to dress 'very casual'. When I came down stairs wearing shorts and a polo she sent me back up to change. "Bumming around clothes!"
Returning, I had change into gym shorts and a t-shirt. She nodded until she pulled out the waistband. "Lose the underwear."
I had been right. "What's the plan?" I asked, removing them right in front of her.
"Plan?" reaching out to stroke my hardening dick, "I just like to have easy access to you." and walked out.
Since Eric only lived two blocks away, I suggested we walk. We got there just after seven.
I raised my hand to ring the bell but Lori stopped me, she had her 'focused' look. "What?"
"You're my man, right? My only man?" she asked.
I love it when she says things like that. "Yeah."
She looked back the way we came for a minute. "We can go home if you want." I offered.
In answer, she pulled up her t-shirt, grabbed my hand, and placed it on her left breast. Her nipple was hard enough to dent steel! When I applied a little pressure she closed her eyes and moaned. "They hurt."
Glancing around, she pulled the waistband of her dress out and shoved my hand inside. Of course she wasn't wearing panties. "Dear God! You're soaked!" It wasn't just her pubic area; I could feel and see her juices coating her thighs.
I cupped her sex and slid a finger into her. She clutched my arm and seized my shoulder as she trembled and shook. "Uuuuuuuuuuggggghhh! OH GOD STOP! Not yet." I knew better than to tease her so I pulled my hand out. She grabbed it and began sucking and licking my fingers clean.
"Lori? Are you OK?" I hadn't seen her this worked up since our second night.
Meeting my eyes, she smiled around the finger that was in her mouth then playfully licked it until I pulled my hand away. "I want to fuck you so badly. I could do it, right here. I could drop to my knees and suck your cock then..." she shook herself. "Do you remember what you promised me? In the library?" I nodded. "Tell me." she pleaded.
I took her in my arms, telling her "I will protect you. I will only be yours. I will love you. I will help you maintain control."
She rested her head against my shoulder and nodded.
"Lori? We can go home. I don't know what you have planned but we don't have to go in."
Turning, she rang the doorbell. "Remember your promise."
Vanessa answered the door. She had made it back and was wearing a pair of loose grey shorts and a tan t-shirt. For her it was extremely revealing. Eric was coming down the stairs dressed like me. I looked to Lori then Vanessa then Eric. Yeah. This might be interesting.
Vanessa led the way to the TV room and announced that she had brought over '28 Days Later' so we could better understand what we watched last night. As if.
We sat on the same couches as before, lights out and started the movie.
Blood. Screaming. Zombie things. Guns. Same thing as before but on a smaller scale.
There was no subtlety as Lori moved her hand up my shorts again and began squeezing my already hard shaft. She kissed my neck, whispering "Trust me." before getting up and walking into the other room.
Biting her lip and looking uncertain, Vanessa followed.
Eric paused the movie. "What's going on?"
"I have no idea but I'm betting you will not complain."
A few minutes later Lori returned and sat next to me, she was wearing Vanessa's clothes. I started to ask but she shook her head. I looked behind me and saw Vanessa standing there in Lori's short skirt and t-shirt. Wow. My shirt was actually a little tight across her chest!
Lori whispered into my ear as she kissed me "She's wearing exactly what I had on when we got here." Smiling hungrily, "I figured her bra and panties would just get in the way."
I stared at Vanessa and watched as she took a deep breath and returned to her seat next to Eric. Lori was rubbing me through my shorts. "You want to see her naked, don't you?" she asked. There was no good answer to that but I found myself nodding. Lori playfully bit my neck "Yeah, I thought you might want to see those huge tits again."
Eric looked uncertainly at the girls then to me. I shrugged. He restarted the movie.
None of us were watching the movie, it was background noise. Lori shook her head when looked at her. A very tense Vanessa was watching Lori. Putting my arm around Lori, I leaned back trying to relax but I could feel that Lori was on edge. I wasn't sure what was happening or going to happen so I decided to wait.
It was weird, in trying to relax, I pretended to watch the movie then suddenly I was.
Blood and gore. It took my mind away from the sexual tension in the room. And as I relaxed, I felt Lori calm as well. She snuggled in next to me and we began to, if not enjoy the movie, at least, get caught up in the action.
When the movie ended and we were watching the credits, I felt Lori move her hand into my shorts. I glanced over at Eric and Vanessa. They hadn't stopped. Vanessa was straddling Eric's lap as they fiercely made out. Both of them had taken off their shirts. I turned to Lori, she had her eyes closed but had a huge smile on her face. She seemed to have calmed down.
Lori got up and went to the light switch and turned them up a little bit. Vanessa sat up, looked at the lights then at Lori. She gave a weak smile and nod then went back to kissing Eric.
Lori came to stand in front of me, holding out her hand. She pulled me up then lifted my shirt off before removing her own and the shorts. I opened my arms to her naked beauty but she shook her head. "Trust me?" I nodded. She guided me over to the couch next to Eric and Vanessa. Kneeling in front of me she pulled my shorts down before pushing me onto the couch.
Vanessa looked over, raising her hands instinctively to cover her chest. Lori held out her hand. Vanessa looked at me then back to Lori. "OK, yeah." before dropping her hands. As she stood up, Lori knelt in front of her. I could see her trembling as Lori ran her hands up her legs, under her skirt. She gasped when Lori squeezed her butt but didn't pull away. Lori left her hands in place for a few seconds before moving them to the waistband and removed the skirt.
Vanessa was facing away from me but she had a magnificent ass; round, firm, and high. Lori moved Vanessa's feet apart as she stepped out of the dress then ran her hands slowly back up her legs to grab her cheeks and squeeze them again. Lori's eyes closed tight. When they opened, I knew where she was looking. I couldn't blame her.
Vanessa put her hands on Lori's head and Lori's face transformed. She was loosing it.
I got up in time to hear Vanessa say "Lori? This wasn't part of the plan." I motioned Eric back and touched Vanessa on her shoulder. She jumped a little but flashed me a smile "What's wrong?"
"Nothing." I assured her. "She just gets lost sometimes. I'm..." I hesitated then pressed forward, "I'm going to say some things to her. It's all true but I don't want you to freak out. OK?"
She nodded as I moved next to Lori. "Hey. You gonna stick to the plan?" I whispered. She didn't seem to hear me at first.
"I want to. You know that, right?" she whispered back. I wasn't sure if Vanessa heard.
"She's beautiful. I don't know why she hides this." I was careful not to touch Vanessa as I lifted Lori's left hand away. Shifting behind her I asked "What was the plan?" I tried to resist looking up at Vanessa. Her large firm breasts were something I needed to avoid right then but I noticed that she did have a thin strip of pubic hair that was glistening. It was an effort to tear my eyes away.
I removed Lori's other hand and wrapped my arms around her. "I'm supposed to let her and Eric...Vanessa wanted to watch me...us. To teach her."
"Do you still want to do it?" I asked them both.
We both looked up to Vanessa, past narrow hips and flat stomach, beyond breasts that were huge and hung perfectly with large dark pink areola with incredibly fat nipples. Reluctantly, I tore my eyes away to meet her gaze. She was biting her lip. "Do you?"
She hesitated before finally nodding.
"You, we, none of us, have to do anything. We can all get dressed and leave. There is no pressure to do anything." I shot a glare at Eric who was opening his mouth to say something.
"I want to. It was so incredible watching you guys. I, I want to see it up close and, "she turned and looked back at Eric, "and maybe try it, too"
Still holding Lori close, I told Vanessa and Eric "OK, before we go any further, I need to establish one rule. Nothing we do here leaves the four of us. Period. Lori and I already have rules to protect her but this is my rule. I will not have our private activities made public." Lori pushed herself into me as I said it.
Vanessa and Eric both readily agreed..
"One other thing. Vanessa you have a smoking hot body..." she smiled as I said it and her hands moved to cover up before stopping. Eric nodded his agreement. "But Eric is your boyfriend. Shouldn't he get a better look at it than me or Lori?" Surprise crossed her face as I said it. I knew that Eric had held and played with her massive mammaries and he was looking at her tight ass but I was sure he would like to see her complete beauty.
"Fuck yeah!" he said.
"Smooth" I said shaking my head.
Vanessa spun around and put her hands on her hips, "You better believe it, buddy." Her tits wobbled beautifully! "Stand up!" she directed. Wide eyed, he did. "Why are you the only one not naked?" and started tapping her foot, again, causing her boobs to jiggle.
Eric looked like he was about to bolt until Vanessa squatted in front of him and yanked his shorts down. She let out an "EEEEEP!" as Eric's dick swung up and almost hit her in the face.
While all this was going on, my hands had not been idle. I caressed Lori's chest and abs but avoided any direct pleasure areas.
Vanessa pushed Eric back into the couch then climbed up next to him. She pressed her tits into him as they made out. Eric didn't know what to do or where to put his hands but settled on having his right hand cup and grope her boob with the other arm rubbing her back.
Lori abruptly stood and took a step towards them. I got up and took hold of her hand, towing her back to me. She faced me, lips parted, eyes open with a look of slight confusion then back at Vanessa. Licking her lips she whispered "She looks delicious." I nodded. "I want her." she whined.
"No." I told her flatly. I saw her face contort in lust as she tried to break away. "No." I repeated, firmly.
"But..." she began.
"Lori. No. Not tonight. Not without talking about it first." She looked ready to argue but I shook my head. "We'll talk about it later. Then we can talk to Vanessa," I looked over at them, "and Eric. You can't. Not tonight."
I saw tears of frustration in her eyes before nodding and hugging me as tightly as she could. "Thank you."
I held her back. "Do we need to leave?" I asked.
She nodded then shook her head. "I don't know." Frustration and longing in her voice.
"Do you want to sit on the other couch?" I figured it would be safer to be separated and if we did do anything they could move to us.
Lori climbed up and straddled me as I sat down. I reached moved my dick out of the way. "No! Please!" she cried.
Smiling, I took her face in my hands and asked quietly "Would you rather have a quick fuck?" To which she nodded. "Or would you rather show off for Vanessa and Eric?" Her answered was a huge smile.
"Thank you." she whispered and kissed me. "I am so fucking horny! I should have let you fuck me at home. I should have fucked you on the front porch. I should never let you stop sliding your big fucking cock in and out of my cunt!" She was ramping up again.
"Stop." I commanded.
Running my hands down her back to her ass, I cupped her cheeks then ran my fingers down under. I felt her heat radiating before I even made contact, when I did, her labia were swollen, parted, and dripping! "Christ, Lori! You're like a fucking swamp!"
"I know!" she whined, "I really need you buried deep inside me!" Then, with a purely lust created smile, "I want you to cum all over me again! That was soooo nasty!"
I pushed her off of me onto the couch and crawled between her widespread legs. Her pussy was puffy and red and beyond wet. It was gorgeous! There was no finesse as I dove into her, my lips seeking her clit. She needed to cum. I needed her to cum. Somewhere in the back of my mind I decided that Vanessa and Eric needed her to cum.
As soon as my mouth made contact with her clit she shrieked in pleasure. "YEEEEEEAAAAAAGGGHHHH!!! FUCK!!!"
I quickly put my hands on her thighs to keep her from slamming them shut and snapping my neck and Lori's hands gripped my hair, pulling me into her.
I licked and slurped for all the places I knew she liked before chewing on her engorged lips just before dipping into her opening. Lori kept up her steady stream of obscenities, a running play-by-play of what I was doing or what she wanted next: "Lick it Mike. Lick my pussy. Suck-my-juice-out-oh-my-god-oh-my-god-FUCK!-that-feels-good! Shit here I go again! UUUUUUUUUUGGGHHHH!!! FUCK! Suck my tight little cunt! Mike Mike Mike!" By the time her third wave crashed through she had managed to clamp her legs around my head and to roll us to the floor where she rode my face through another, screaming and shouting! She pulled my face into her so deep that I was worried about passing out until she released me and fell forward.
Face, neck, and hair drenched in her juices, I managed to climb out from under her. I looked at her lying on her side panting and gasping as she recovered. I was feeling damn proud of myself but I wasn't through. I rolled her on over so she was face down. I heard her let out a low moan and shake her head. "Mike, no. Please. Not tonight."
"I'm not about to apologize for this. You need it." and crawled closer.
"No, Mike, No." she begged. "Please. I can't take it. Please!"
"If I thought for one second you really meant that you know I'd stop."
"You're gonna kill me!" she cried.
Laughing, "You hope this is how you die!" I had straddled her legs and placed my hands on her butt. I was gentle when I pulled her cheeks apart. She moaned and shook her head. I could see her crinkled opening, pink and tight. I saw her try to make it tighten even more.
Bending down, I ran my tongue up the valley I had created. The tip barely grazed her star. "Oh God." I ran it around and around before laying it flat across the muscle. I just held it there. The heat from my mouth and her body were at war.
Looking up, I said "Say it."
"No." she said defiantly.
Lick swirl jab lick. "Say. It."
"No, damn it!" she resisted.
Flick-flick-flick-dig-wiggle-suck
She caved. "You dirty fucker. Lick it! Lick my butt! Eat my ass!"
I grinned. She liked it dirty and I was going to give it to her dirty. I pressed my tongue in as far as I could, wiggling it as I felt her loosen just a bit. I was actually able to get past the tight outer ring on the first try.
"Oh God! You butt licker! Get it in there! Oh Fuck!" in response to me sliding a finger into her still sopping mess of a pussy. I sawed it in and out as I continued to thrust my tongue into her ass. "You nasty fucker! I'm going to do it. I'm going to tell everyone in school that you are a butt licker. That you put your tongue in my ass! You are such a fucking pervert!" She was pushing back and trying to get into a kneeling position. I sat up and removed my finger, "NO!" but I grabbed her hips and pulled her up, ass in the air.
I ran my finger up and down her crack and then pressed against it. I was so surprised when I was able to slide my fingertip in that I stopped but Lori pushed back until she had managed to impale herself on my finger past the second knuckle. I stayed still as I looked at it. Tight and hot and wrapped around my finger.
"Lori." I said quietly and somehow it pierced her haze.
She paused. "...what?"
"My finger. It's IN your butt!" I exclaimed "It feels so tight and hot!" I flexed and twisted it.
Her ring started to clench then spasm. "Mike?"
"Yeah?"
"I want you to pull it out." she had lowered her head so that it was pressed to the floor.
"Does it hurt?" I asked concerned.
She shook her head then stuttered "NNNNNNooo! Hurry Mike. Please?" she whined. "It's coming. It's big. Oh God."
I pulled it out but I didn't know what she wanted me to do.
"Your tongue, Mike. Please. Your tongue, your tongue put it in. uuuuuuuggghhh. Hurry Mike. Put it in, please. lick lick lick oooooh fuck it's big. Do it, please. FUCK! This in unreal. I can't... fuckfuckfuck . Lick it! Make me cum. I need your tongue in my butt!"
I was in awe as I watched her. Her right hand shot out grasping at the carpet as her left started pounding the floor. I had to help. Swooping in, I licked and thrust until suddenly her hole totally relaxed enough that I speared my way in as deep as I could. My mouth was glued to her butt as she went completely still. My tongue waggled inside and around the rim.
I heard her say it so calmly. "Fuck. It's gonna kill me." Just as her butt clamped down and she went crazy. Beginning with a low moan that grew and grew until it was a wordless howling shriek! She had pulled away from my mouth and was crawling as if to escape it. I sat back as I watched her fall over and the wailing was replaced by moaning and convulsions as it ripped through her.
Crawled after her, I gathered her into my arms, holding her as she was punished by the intensity of her orgasm. Her hands clutched at me as it wound down and her spasms slowly ceased.
Minutes passed as she recovered enough to pull me to her lips. Licking and sucking at my tongue and lips. Her hands found the sides of my head as she broke away. Kissing my face and neck before pulling me so we were eye to eye. "I chose right. I did. I did. Thank you for protecting me. I love you so much."
Shrugging my shoulders, "You've given me everything I didn't know I needed."
It would have been the perfect way to end the night until I heard the sneeze behind us. We suddenly remembered where we were; when our eyes met again we both looked back to Vanessa and Eric.
They were both on the edge of the couch holding onto each other. Their faces were both pictures of awe. Hell, I understood! If I hadn't seen it myself there was no way I would have believed it.
I heard Lori snort followed by a snicker. Vanessa tried to say something but it only caused Lori to laugh harder. Pretty soon she was rolling on the floor cackling and snorting. She stopped once only to see Vanessa's look of concern which caused her to burst out again. I didn't laugh as hard as Lori but it was close.
Finally, we had both recovered enough to climb back onto our couch. As we sat back Vanessa struggled to find the right words and settling on "Holy FUCK! What the hell was that?!"
It nearly sent Lori back into hysterics but she was able to contain herself. Grabbing my hand and with the occasional twitch replied "What?"
Eric's turn "WHAT!?!?!?" he nearly screamed. Vanessa put her hand over his mouth.
"Is it...is it always like that?" she asked.
We looked at each other, I shrugged and I said "No." as Lori said "Yes."
Then Lori explained. "I get..." she struggled for the words.
I supplied them "worked up."
Squeeze the hand. "Yeah. 'Worked up'. One of the rules that Mike has is that he has to stop me from doing something stupid." she kissed me. "I get a thought in my head and it builds. When Vanessa and I talked about getting together tonight I knew I was going to do something with Mike in front of you two. Last night....well. You saw."
Eric blushed and Vanessa said "Yeah, but that was, like, PG-13 stuff compared to tonight!"
Lori nodded. "The, uh, fantasy started when we were on the ride home. You said you wanted me to show you how to give Eric a good blowjob. The thought of you with a cock in you mouth. Wow! Oh, I found out I like to talk, um..."
"Filthy? Like a slut? Like my Dirty Girl?" I supplied.
"Shut up." then kissed me again before continuing "After we dropped you off and we got home, we found Mikes parents gone. I almost ripped my clothes off and fucked him then and there but my fantasy built. I wanted to make sure that if I did suck his cock for you, he would have a big load to...you get the idea?" We all nodded. "The more I thought about it the, uh, more explicit it became. I was close to dragging Mike home. At the front door, I asked Mike if he remembered his promises. When he did, I rang the bell."
She paused. "Most of the rest you know."
"I could see it." I filled in. "I wasn't sure how far gone she was until..."
"Mike, no, please?"
I shook my head. "If we're going to do this they need to know it all." she reluctantly nodded.
"Vanessa, I think you have the second best body I have ever had the pleasure of seeing." she looked down as if suddenly realizing that she was naked with three of her friends and tried to cover up for a minute then, realizing the stupidity of it, put her arm around Eric.
"We've talked so I know that you felt like a mutant when you got your boobs but what I told Lori was true: I don't understand why you still cover them up." I shrugged, "You can do what you want but now that we've seen you and you don't have a third boob, I really don't understand." Looking at Lori, "When she gets in those 'zones' she starts thinking all sorts of things, we've never talked about it but when she gets that way I know it's about sex. Tonight, when she undressed you, she came close to crossing a line. You are her best friend but," Lori nodded, "she wanted to have sex with you."
"Oh!" Vanessa said.
"No! Oh my God, no!" Lori interjected.
I looked at Eric and said "Shut it. Don't think it. Don't say it. Trust me." he just shook his head.
Lori tried again, "Vanessa, you're hot. You know that or at least you should, and you have amazing tits. I mean, who wouldn't want to?"
"Lori." I said, gently. "Not now"
"Sorry. What I'm trying to say is that, while you're really beautiful, if we ever did anything, it would be because I wanted to make it hotter for Mike."
"Soooo, you'd, uh?" Vanessa started.
"Lick your pussy? If that's what would make Mike more excited? Sure, after we talked about it. Then we talked to you guys. But tonight, I got so excited that I..." she faltered.
"Wow. You guys are...wow." Vanessa breathed. "And after seeing...that! How can I ever hope to, uh."
"Eric? " I prompted, "Talk."
He tore his eyes away from Lori then looked at Vanessa. He swallowed. "I, uh, I saw a baseball game, once, uh it was between the Astros and the Angels. It was a great game. No wasted throws. You know. Almost a perfect game, right?"
Vanessa looked very confused but nodded.
"Uh, what I mean is that baseball just doesn't get much better than that, right? But I still love the game."
"Yeah?" Vanessa hadn't made the connection. I thought could see where I thought he was going, but...
Eric took Vanessa's hand and said "I, we, saw something tonight." He looked at us. "You guys are fucking NUTS!"
"Eric?" Vanessa prompted.
"Sorry. THAT was like seeing professionals play baseball. I'm never going to be that good. I mean, EVER. I still love playing catch and watching a great game." Vanessa was getting it. "I don't expect you to be a pro. I just want to be in the game."
Smart man, that Eric.
Vanessa threw her arms around him and hugged him tight. Big tits pressed against his chest. Yeah, I was looking.
A few minutes later Vanessa sat back. Eric looked VERY happy because Vanessa was casually jerking him off. She asked "Are you still going to show me, uh, how to, you know?"
Lori looked down at my angry shaft. "I'm not going to last long but I'll have fun." I told her.
"Yeah, so will I." Then to Vanessa, "How do you want to do this? Should we move over there or do you want to watch from there?"
Vanessa looked at Eric. "Is this a too weird for you?"
Still wide eyed, "Weird? Yeah this is really weird. But if, uh, shit."
I laughed "Dude! We're not going to touch!"
Lori decided. "We'll move closer but stay on the floor. You guys stay on the couch. We'll all be able to see what we want."
I rolled over and grabbed a bean bag to lean against and we moved so that, when Vanessa was on the couch, I could see her ass and hanging breasts and Eric could see the same of Lori.
The moving and talking had actually helped take me back from the edge but I knew Lori. She had something planned.
Eric tried not to be too obvious about looking at Lori's ass. I wasn't so circumspect. I openly ogled Vanessa's fine posterior.
"Hey, Eric? You're a lucky man!"
He looked down at Vanessa. "Yeah." then "Hey, you need to teach me how to do, you know."
"I'll do what I can but you're going to need to practice." I warned.
Vanessa chimed in "I'm willing to let you practice as much as you feel you need to!"
Lori said "We're willing to tutor as needed."
"Lets get through Lesson 1, OK?" I suggested.
Lori licked her lips then licked and sucked my head clean of all the pre-cum. "MMMMMM" she moaned. She licked the shaft then swirled her tongue around the head, getting it slick. She peeked over at Vanessa and opened her mouth taking about half of my dick in. She clamped her lips around me she washed my dick with her tongue and sucked me deeper. She was showing off. It looked good. It sounded good. It felt great!
She pulled herself off me with a wet pop and flicked her tongue across the tip. I was in heaven! We both looked over at Vanessa. She was struggling to get his dick in her mouth but Eric didn't look like he minded.
Lori rose up and gave me a sloppy kiss. "I'm in control. I promise."
"I can see that."
She sat back on her knees and got close to Vanessa. "Hey?"
Vanessa pulled Eric out of her mouth. "I don't know what I'm doing wrong."
"Spit." prompted Lori. "You can't do this with a dry mouth." Vanessa nodded. "Lick first. Get it...get him wet." Vanessa stuck her tongue out and started to give him quick, short licks. "No. Watch, like this."
She moved back to me and took me in her hand. "Looong licks" and demonstrated. "Like licking a melting ice cream cone." She ran her tongue up and around from just above her hand. She moved her head around to get all sides and pretty soon my cock was glistening.
Vanessa tried to copy her. She licked from her hand to the head and tried to swirl like Lori had but she was too nervous. Sensing this, Lori asked "What are you doing?"
Vanessa stopped and looked at her. "I'm trying to learn how to..." she couldn't finish.
"If you're going to do it you need to be able to say it." she advised. "OK. Easy stuff first." she held up her hand. "What's this?"
"A hand."
Lori pointed to her mouth.
"Mouth?"
She stuck out her tongue. "Tongue." Vanessa responded.
"OK. Who is that?" pointing at Eric.
Vanessa giggled. "My boyfriend, Eric."
"What are you holding in your hand?"
Vanessa looked down then softly "A penis."
"WRONG!!" cried Lori. "What is it?"
"I...I can't..."
"Eric? What do you call it?"
"Dick. It's my dick." he answered. He looked scared. Yeah, Lori can have that effect.
"And what do you want her to do to your dick?"
"Suck it?"
Lori threw up her hands "People! Are you really this uptight? OK. Vanessa. What do you have in your hand?" She hesitated. "Say it!" barked Lori.
"Dick! I have his dick in my hand! OK?" she cried definitely.
"Now. What does Eric want you to do with it?"
She closed her eyes. "Suck it."
"And what do you want to do with it?" she prompted.
"I want to suck it." she responded meekly.
"Do you know why I like to suck Mike's cock? I love it. I love the taste. I love the way it feels. I love how it makes ME feel. And then he cums. It is my second most favorite thing. It's hot, salty, sweet, bitter. If I let myself, I could spend the day doing nothing else but sucking him off." She shook herself.
"You don't have to be into it as much as me but if you're doing just for him and not because you enjoy it..." she trailed off.
Vanessa nodded in understanding. She looked down at the dick in her hand. "Dick. Eric's dick." I saw her flash him a smile. It sounded funny to hear her say it, but Eric sure as hell liked it.
Lowering her head back down, she licked it with the flat of her tongue. From just below the head; up, over, and across...she repeated it, continuing with long, slow licks. I could see she was enjoying it, finally.
Lori watched and gave pointers; lick there. Nibble here. Move your hand like this. Pretty soon Eric was moving his hips. "Vanessa? He's getting close. Stop for a few seconds. Let him relax and pull back for a minute or so."
Vanessa did as instructed. "OK. Now. The next step. You're going to put him in your mouth again. Like this" and moved back to me. She gave me a few quick licks then put her mouth above my dick. She opened and moved down, taking me in about a third of the way before closing her lips. Pulling up, dragging her lips, then back down. Working on the top half and using her hand on the shaft.
As she bobbed up and down on me, spit and drool spilled out of her mouth until my entire shaft was wet. She pulled off with a smack and looked back to her student. "Your turn." Then to Eric "If you're going to cum, tell her. It's her decision where you put your load." Lori crawled up to kiss me. "Amateurs." she whispered. "When they're done we'll show them how it's really done." then moved back to wiggle her butt in Eric's face, not that he would notice.
Vanessa was clumsily, compared to Lori, giving Eric the blowjob of his life, moving her head up and down on the shaft while moving her hand to meet it. And, even though it may have been awkward, Eric was struggling to hold back "Vanessa!"
She pulled off looking up, saying "What?" Just as Eric erupted. His first shot hit Vanessa on the chin, her eyes got wider as the second spurt landed on her cheek.
Teacher Lori jumped into action "Your hand! Keep moving your hand!" she coached.
It seemed that it was only because Lori said anything that she started moving it up and down, coaxing out more of Eric's cum onto her neck and face. She stayed in auto mode until he began to shrink and pull away. "Vanessa? Honey, are you OK?"
Lori started to say something but I grabbed her arm and shook my head.
Vanessa surprised us all by saying "Oh God! Eric, did I hurt you?"
I grinned and Lori struggled to hold back a laugh as Eric pulled her up to his chest and hugged her, trying to find a way to kiss her without getting his cum on his face. He looked about for something to wipe it off. I decided to jump in. "Eric. She just had your dick in her mouth. It's not going to kill you." He nodded then reluctantly bent forward to kiss her. That broke the spell on Vanessa. She kissed him back passionately. She may be a novice at blowjobs but she was an expert at kissing.
I looked at Lori and said, "We've lost our audience again." She pouted. "I think it's time to go."
"But you haven't cum yet!" she protested.
Standing, I replied "I will. I'll be surprised if I make it home without you trying something."
She looked thoughtful. "It is a long two blocks."
We gathered our clothes and let ourselves out.
We managed to get to our room before Lori told me to strip. She had been very quiet on the walk home and I'm pretty sure it was the first time we had been together since our first date that we took a walk and just held hands. It had been fun.
"What's bugging you?" I asked.
She didn't answer until she had taken my t-shirt and slipped it on. "I was thinking about how close it had been with Vanessa tonight. If you hadn't been there..."
"If I hadn't been there you wouldn't have been either."
"You know what I mean. I was right there. She was there. It almost..." she hugged herself.
"Is it something you want?" I asked calmly.
"Right then? I wanted nothing else. If you hadn't stopped me." She sat next to me. "You remember last Saturday? When I got so, so..."
"Yeah. That's why I knew what to look for."
"When I'm with you it's mostly under control. Heck, I don't even like girls! I mean, not like that. But when I saw her naked, I remember how you looked at her tits. I knew you were looking at her butt. I know it turned you on."
"Yeah. She has the second best body I've ever seen." I remarked.
"Even I can see how hot she is! And that was kind of the point! I couldn't help but think about how much it would turn you on if you watched me, us, you know. It just started to build and if you hadn't stopped me." She closed her eyes and hung her head.
"So, you did it for me?"
"Yes." quietly.
"And you've never thought about it before?" I probed.
"No! I mean, not really, I mean, I don't know. I can look at a woman and see she's hot. Now I look at you and imagine how hot it would make you if we were to do something. It's weird. I've been naked with Vanessa dozens of times but I've never thought anything sexual about her. I still don't." She was genuinely confused.
I drew her to me and we lay on the bed. "You know I love you, right?" She nodded. "And you know you make me happy."
Softly, "I try."
"It's not about the sex. I mean, sure, I'd miss it but do you understand that I really enjoy making love to you?" Lori looked up at me. "I'm serious. Holding you tight, feeling you holding me. Even this, just laying here."
"But what about me being your 'Dirty Girl'?" Don't you want that?" she asked worriedly.
"I want YOU." I told her. "Dirty or not. I really need you to understand that. Do you love me just for my dick?"
She snorted "No. That's just a bonus." she looked down, "A BIG bonus! but I think I understand."
"Can I ask you something?"
"You can ask me anything, you know that."
"Watching Vanessa blow Eric tonight, it got me thinking. You're good. I mean, really good at sucking me off, but..." I hesitated, suddenly not sure if I wanted the answer.
Lori understood, "You can't ever say anything, OK?" I agreed. "It was Paula."
Not understanding, I asked "Um, how did your sister help?"
"She's going to school in Weatherford, right? Well, she's not willing to put out for just anyone so she learned how to do other stuff. She knew I wanted you, she's the only one I told." she admitted. "Anyway, she suggested that if I really wanted to go out with you, instead of doing what I did and IF I had to do something, I should give you a hand or blowjob." She propped herself up and continued. "She has this dildo and she showed me how to do it. Then let me try. It was really kinda funny. Then I Googled it. There are like THOUSANDS of videos out there that either tell or show you what to do. I practiced a lot. I wanted you to like it."
"I'd say you got an 'A'. I had no idea what to expect when you did it. Tom's talked about it but I don't think he ever had anyone as good as you."
"Now there's a thought." she mused.
Half sitting up I said "That's not even funny."
"NO!" she cried. "That's not what I meant! I was thinking about getting Tom and Paula back together. I was just thinking that if we're so good together, maybe we see if we can help then patch things up."
"Still not funny. But Paula is kinda cute." I joked.
"OK! I give! No match making."
I nodded. "I do need to get Paula something special for her birthday, though. You really are amazing."
Lori reached down and began caressing my thigh. "Let me prove that again." and began to move lower.
I wanted it. I had been on edge all night but I meant what I said. "No. Turn out the lights. We have school tomorrow. And if I remember, you missed most of last week."
Getting up she stuck her tongue out at me. "I owe you for tonight."
When she returned to bed I kissed her, reminding her that she didn't and never would.