Just to recap, in the last story, I introduced my girlfriend to my world of bisexuality. She really took a shine to it, and is constantly bringing straight, gay and bi boys back to the house for her/us to fuck. Rob and I continuously fuck each other, but more spread apart than we used to, as I'm with my Angela's "friends" so much. But we talk on the phone at least once a week.
Anyway, when the three of us are together, we usually end up talking more than anything, and we have all become great friends. So we decided to think of a way to spice up our sex life.
"I think that we should bring another guy and girl into the equation and have an orgy." Rob said.
"Look, I've told you before, I'm not a lesbian!!" Angela said defiantly. "What do you think hun?"
"Ermmm. Well, I was thinking of doing some exhibitionism. I know some spots that are outside and that where people could see us. I don't know, I think it'll be hot and exciting."
"Ohh? Ohhhh... I'm getting wet just thinking about other people watching us fucking each other. Some of them way even join in... It would be sooo hot!!!" Angela replied, putting her finger to her pussy. "Boys, fuck me now!!!" she continued to shout. And that we did. The double penetration, but with me fucking her succulent pussy, which was normally always loose, as was her ass. We fucked hard as I tried to put pictures in everyone's head of people watching us fuck. These made all of us cum much quicker than usual, and explode much more violently than usual.
After our sensual orgasm, we started to organise our exhibitionist day out. We arranged to meet up and go down to a beach that was near our house. Generally, it was considered an adult nudist beach, none of us really wanted to start with something too big, but we all wanted to be seen.
On Sunday morning I picked up Rob and then Angela in our car, and drove down to the beach. People were already there. Most of them naked as the day they were born with sunglasses on and lying on their back, soaking up the sun to every bit of their body. The women to men ratio was probably about 40:60 (women: men) which was fine for me, as I was a greedy fucker!!! I was surprised to see that none of the men even had the slightest twinge of an erection. I had only been there ten minutes and I was already fighting off my hard on. Glancing towards Rob, I could also see him having the same reaction as me.
All three of us walked down to the back of the beach and set up one large blanket, and an umbrella (I never loved the heat of the sun), and then stripped bare. I laughed when I saw that all of us had been having fake tans done, our skin was a very sexy brown. Especially Angela's breasts and Rob's muscles. I sat down and felt my erection surge as I saw a few people, men and women, look around to check out the new arrivals. Angela and Rob lay either side of me, and seeing my hard-on, decided to take the step into exhibitionism. They both started to kiss around my cock, tongues lashing and fighting with each other around my cock. The feeling made me moan very loudly (also in an attempt to attract attention). They started a routine of one of them jacking me off while the other attempted to deep-throat me. They alternated, and then sucked me off at the same time. The feeling of two mouths on you is an amazing feeling, and I advise it greatly. Some people were now looking, not enough though, so I forced my self to my loudest orgasm ever. I screamed and yelled and shouted "fuck me you sexy whores!!! Ohh your mouths feel so good on my cock!!!" and then finally; "OHH I'M CUMMING", and they mouth clamped their mouths over the head of my cock and fought for my cum. I slowly started to slow my breath. I was sweating slightly. Rob had some cum around his mouth, so I pulled him towards me and started to kiss him, taking all the cum from his face. Rob then pulled Angela into the fray and that started an extremely sexy three way kiss, with tongues everywhere. It was sooo hot!!
Rob then lay down with his cock at a ninety degree angle to his body. Angela shuffled over to him, and got ready to sit on his cock, and ride him. I guided the cock towards the pussy, and let Angela do the rest as she started to bob up and down on Rob's huge cock. I was glad to see that we had now attracted a small crowd standing naked around us, many jerking off, and the women fingering themselves.
I saw a guy staring at Rob whilst jacking off and decided to start up a mass orgy. Hopefully my daring act would start one!!! I walked over to the guy, grabbing the lube and dropping it next to me, and started to stroke his cock for him. It was a nice cock, about 7inches, but quite thin. It would be good enough to be getting on with. I then knelt down and took his whole cock in my mouth, I managed to deep throat most of it. I was somewhat of an expert now, after Rob's huge cock. Behind me I heard the moans of a nearing orgasm. I could now see Rob thrusting up as well now, as Angela continued to bob.
I started to suck this man's cock. He was feeling my expertise, as he closed his eyes and let his head fall back. I started to show my bum to some guys who I hoped were gay, as I really wanted their huge cocks in my hole. My heart jumped as I saw out of the corner of my eye, some butch man with a ten inch long and very wide cock, trundle up behind my and start to lube up my hole. It wasn't long before I felt his huge cock start to edge inside me. I gasped it was so big, and momentarily stopped my sucking to let the man get fully inside me. It seemed to take a while, but eventually I felt his skin against my bum. He started to fuck me, hard and nasty. He really knew how to do it, I felt him pummel me, his skin slapping hard against my bum cheeks. The man who I was sucking now shouted that he was cumming, so again, I pushed his cock all the way to the back of my throat, and felt his hot cum blast against my throat. I drank it all up, and not a single drop of his sweet cum escaped my lips. The man behind me was still banging me hard as the next person stepped forward for me to suck. This man's cock was very brown, and roughly the same size as mine. Nevertheless, I took it in one go and started to suck it.
Behind me, Rob was living out the dream. He was standing, sandwiched between a muscly young man, and a beautiful horney bitch, who was getting fucked by Rob, whilst he was getting fucked from behind. I could tell that Rob had gone through many orgasms with these people, and was now screaming for another one. Angela was doing pretty much the same thing as me; however, her tits seemed to have been fondled so much they were red and raw. She looked near to tears of pleasure as she was getting fucked by a monster cock. The men in front of her were lining up, all wanting a piece of her holes.
The men with me had come and gone, and I still had a rock hard penis.
"I want to fuck someone!!" I shouted, and I was pleased to see a beautiful woman work over to me and lie down flat. I sat over her pussy, and thrust my hard one into her gaping whole. We both screamed with pleasure as I started to quickly fuck her. Whilst doing this, a man came up behind me, and lubed up his cock. He squatted behind me, and as I cam back, thrust his cock into my ass. The pleasure was unbearable, and I cummed there and then as I loved the feeling of a cock in my ass as I fucked a woman. I couldn't stop though; I forced myself to continue my voyage. The guy behind me was fucking me so hard, I wandered how long I would last this time.
Nearly everyone was now fucking one person or another, and I was spurred on by the fact that there was 10 of everything; lesbians, gays, straights, and bis. I'm pretty sure there was also a shemale wandering around. S/he seemed to be a god among the bisexual of us as she had a both male and female body.
The fuck fest lasted for a few more hours, even though I only had a few more orgasms. I lay down and watched, eventually receiving the odd suck or two by people looking for a nice unoccupied cock. Angela, Rob and I all seemed to regroup at pretty much exactly at the same time, all grinning and wincing as we walked.
"I feel like my pussy is flapping in the wind." Angela said. Indeed, her pussy was so spread open that it was dripping out the cum she had taken in. We walked hand in hand from the sex beach, vowing to return many a times for more sexual adventures.
Maybe still more to come. Keep on checking.