This story, and the previous two, relate the mostly true adventures we shared with Bret and Denise, an attractive, sexy couple that we had the good fortune to get to know, and then visit at their beautiful townhouse in our favorite party town, Key West. The stories are based on real events, but with some embellishment to make them more fun and interesting. These are my first posts here, and it didn't occur to me to collect these tales in a series. But they do describe a related chronological series, and are probably best enjoyed by reading them in sequence. I would suggest that you start with "Tight Squeeze." The next in the series is "Denise Gets Warmed Up." I had intended for this to be the climax, so to speak, of the serial, but it ran a little long, so I decided to split it into two parts. I hope you enjoy reading about these events as much as we enjoyed living them!
These stories contain strong elements of exhibitionism, group sex, and both male and female bisexuality.
*
Following our mid-day tryst, the rest of the afternoon passed fairly uneventfully. As was the norm, none of us had gotten dressed after our sex session. We put away the groceries Bret had brought in. The kitchen space was pretty small for four people, and moving around each other nude afforded plenty of opportunity for casual skin to skin contact. The girls seemed to be going out of their way to brush up against our cocks, and their nipples were visibly erect from lightly touching Bret and me, and each other. The sexual energy was palpable, unabated by our romp in the living room.
I found myself checking out Bret's now flaccid dick, wondering about the transformation that seemed to take place when he got hard. I had never seen anything quite like it, the base of his cock swelling up disproportionally to the rest of his normal sized penis. More than anything, it reminded me of a traffic cone. Laura noticed me looking at Bret's member, and gave me a sly smile. She leaned her naked body up against me, and cupped my package in her hand. She put her lips to my ear and whispered "It's nice, huh?" She enjoyed fucking Bret, and the thought of his balls slapping her ass as her drove his fat shaft deep into her pussy, combined with her light caress on my own dick made me tingle.
I nodded in agreement. The girls were openly bi and very much into sex with each other, but Bret and I seemed to be exploring one another's limits. I had dabbled in some guy on guy exploration in the past, and I suspect Bret had, also. We had incrementally escalated our interaction and were now freely applying hands and mouths to each other's cocks, and frottage was becoming a favorite activity. Laura had made it clear to me that she was very much into watching us, and Denise seemed to be enjoying our experimentation, also.
The plan for the evening was to go out to dinner, and afterwards Bret and I were going to fuck Denise. She had watched us double up on Laura the night before, both of our cocks crammed into her hole, fucking her simultaneously while Denise watched and masturbated. Denise had made Bret promise that we give her the same treatment tonight. I didn't know how things would unfold, but I assumed there would be fairly liberal contact between Bret and me as we fucked his wife. Denise is a gorgeous, sexy woman and I loved fucking her, but I have to admit I was also looking forward to having Bret's cock available to me. His cock was the extent of my attraction to him. I had no desire for intimacy with Bret, certainly didn't want to kiss him, or otherwise physically engage with him, but I was totally fascinated by his dick. I had a feeling his interest in me was similar.
We got ready for dinner, and the girls were already starting to make good on their promise to get Bret and me up for yet another round of sex. They were both still naked when they sent Bret and me downstairs, already dressed. It didn't take much to dress for dinner in Key West, shorts and tropical shirts were all that was required of us. We could hear the girls laughing upstairs, and we knew something was up. They finally came down the stairs, and their outfits were both creative and sexy as hell.
Denise had opted for a very short red plaid skirt. A sleeveless white blouse completed the ensemble, unbuttoned and tied just below her tits. The faint darkness of her areolas under the thin material eliminated any doubt as to whether she was wearing a bra. When she twirled around to show off her outfit, the pleated skirt flew up enough to make it quite clear she had forgone panties, also.
Laura had taken one of my tank tops, a light blue cotton tank that was too large even for me, and turned it into a dress. She had gathered it up with a matching sash tied around her waist. The top draped from her shoulders, the deep armholes open nearly to her waist. The effect was to completely expose her from the side, showing off plenty of side boob, and promising frequent glimpses of nipple. The shirt was just long enough to cover her ass by a couple of inches, and it rode on her hips provocatively.
"Wow," I exclaimed, turning to look at them both. I walked over to Laura and put my arm around her. I slid my hand down over her ass to confirm my suspicion that she was naked under the shirt. She knew what I was doing and giggled.
"No panties here," she said as she lifted the bottom of the shirt up to her waist and spun around, displaying her freshly groomed pussy to all of us as confirmation. I noticed that she had trimmed her pubic hair a little more closely than usual. Normally she shaved her lips clean and left a strip above her slit. Occasionally, she would trim her 'landing strip', as she called it, more closely, so that her mons was nearly hairless. She had done that now, and I commented on her close coif. "I don't want to be seen in public looking less than my best," she explained, a not so subtle hint that she did not expect the tank top stay in place or to cover much.
I looked over at Denise. Her tits were on the small side, and didn't come close to filling up the loosely tied blouse. It was quite apparent that from certain angles it would be easy to see inside her blouse, and I knew she wouldn't be shy about flaunting her perky breasts. I was starting to get hard already. I knew this was going to be a very interesting evening.
We decided to go to a place that was all the way at the south end of the island. We picked it because we knew that they would be cool with the girls' scanty outfits. If you know Key West, then you probably know where I'm talking about. It opens to the tops optional beach, and topless women are a common sight at the bar. It was quite a distance from Bret and Denise's townhouse on Front St. so we called a cab. In a few minutes a minivan was there to pick us up. The girls got in the side door, stepping up into the van in a way that completely exposed their naked pussies to the driver. He was a young guy, a surfer type. I saw his eyes widen and then a smile crease his face as first Denise, and then Laura deliberately flashed their honey hole at him. Bret got in and sat sideways, and I slid in next to the girls.
Almost immediately, Denise reached her hand inside Laura's top and began to play with her nipple. Laura closed her eyes and smiled as Denise stroked her tit. I saw the driver watching in the rearview mirror, which looked like it was adjusted to give him a perfect view of the backseat. Bret put his hand on Denise's thigh and slid it up under her skirt. I did the same with Laura, running my fingertips up the inside of her thigh until I found her warm, damp cunt. She squirmed and parted her legs slightly as I pushed the shirt up out of the way and easily slipped one, then two fingers inside her.
With each of Denise's caresses of Laura's tit, the material of the tank top moved a little to the center. Denise was clearly doing it deliberately and it finally fell completely away from Laura's breast. Denise took her hand away and Laura made no effort to cover her exposed tit. I could feel her pussy get wetter as she got turned on by the exposure.
Much too quickly, we arrived at the restaurant. The driver turned around to announce our arrival, and smiled broadly as he surveyed the scene in the backseat. I was finger fucking my girlfriend, her pussy exposed and one of her tits completely out of her top. Bret had pushed his wife's skirt all the way up to her waist. Her legs were open enough that I'm sure the driver had an excellent view of her swollen vulva.
We paid the driver and I got out of the van. I turned to help Laura out. She leaned forward and the tank top fell back over her breast. She took my hand and started to slide out of the seat, then looked around the parking lot and stopped. There were two guys walking on a course that was taking them right past the minivan. My first thought was that she had stopped to let them pass before she got out, knowing that her pussy would be exposed as she stepped out of the van. I should have known better. She was out to have fun, and her inner exhibitionist was now in full flower. She waited until the guys were nearly even with us, then with a smiling glance at me, slid off the seat in a way that made her makeshift dress ride all the way up to the sash. Just as the guys were passing us, she put one foot on the ground and lifted herself out, spreading her legs much wider than necessary. Naked from the waist down, she looked up, not at me but past me toward the guys. She smiled, and I knew that she had gotten their attention. She stood up and the tank fell back into place. She put her arms around my neck but stood away from me a little, deliberately leaning forward so that the front of the tank top fell away from her body. The guys were looking back at us as they walked away and I knew they could clearly see her tits through the open armhole.
"Did you like that?" she asked playfully. "I think they saw me."
"Yes, I liked that. And I think they still see you," I said, glancing down at her chest. I could see her cleavage, and almost see her nipples from my perspective. From the side, they had a perfect view of her bare breasts.
"I know," she said with a devilish grin.
"You're so naughty!" I said, pulling her close and kissing her. I pulled the back of her shirt up, reasoning that had had shown them everything else, so she would probably want to show off her ass, too. Laura stuck her sexy naked butt out a little and both guys gave me a thumbs up as they walked away.
I heard Denise behind me. "Hey, can I get a hand?" she was asking from inside the cab.
I turned to help her get out. She took my hand and started to stand up inside the minivan, bent over at the waist. Her skirt was still up around her waist where Bret had pushed it, leaving her ass and pussy on display to both her husband and the driver. She stopped right there, offering them a lingering view of her naked womanhood. "I can't wait 'til later," she said. Suddenly she jumped and with her eyes wide said, "Somebody just pinched my clit!" "Oh, wait! Oh, wait, wait, wait! Oh, fuck!" She closed her eyes and rocked back and forth. Laura and I could clearly see her rapidly hardening nipples inside the loose blouse. With her eyes still closed she cooed, " Mmm, I don't think that's Bret." Laura and I looked at each other and smiled. We didn't know if it was mouths, fingers, or cocks working on Denise's exposed sex, but she was clearly enjoying it. Laura's nipples were getting quite hard watching her friend, jutting conspicuously against the material of her top. Denise was still holding my hand, pulling on me for support as her bare ass and pussy were being serviced inside the cab. After a couple of minutes, she contorted her body and moaned as her orgasm gripped her.
"Oh, God, that is so hot!" Laura said, pinching her own nipples as she watched Denise cum. We still weren't sure what was going on inside, or who had done what to Denise. Finally Denise extricated herself from the cab and stood up. Her skirt was still hung up around her waist, her arousal obvious from her swollen, wet pussy.
"Um, we can see quite a bit of you," Laura said, pointing at Denise's naked crotch. We were standing in the parking lot, and there were a few people around. Denise was somewhat screened by Laura and me, but anyone who looked closely would easily see that she was half naked.
"Oh, I don't care," Denise said, seemingly oblivious to her exhibition. "That was amazing."
Bret got out of the cab, his hard-on pressing against his shorts. "I got his card, we can call for him when we leave," he said.
"Was that him eating my pussy?" Denise asked Bret.
Bret nodded. "How was it?" he asked.
"You prick! It was fucking amazing!" she said. "I am so ready to fuck right now."
"Let's go eat first," Bret said, smiling.
Denise pointed at the tent in his shorts and said, "You can't go in like that."
Bret pointed at her exposed nether region. "It will probably stay that way until you stop showing everybody your pussy."
Denise looked down at her nakedness. Glancing around the parking lot with a sheepish smile, she pushed the skirt down and smoothed it out. It still barely covered her, but at least it was legal.
We went inside and got seated at a high top table near the bar. The women would have plenty of opportunity to play from this vantage point. We formed a semicircle around the table so that we all more or less faced the bar, with the girls in the middle. A waiter came by almost immediately and took our drink order. He positioned himself between the girls, and was obviously looking down Denise's blouse. She caught him, and giving us all a knowing look, leaned forward a little to give him a better view.
He turned to Laura, who, not to be outdone by Denise, looked up at him and leaned on one elbow, turning sideways enough for her nipple to slip completely out the tank top. She pretended not to notice and nonchalantly ordered a drink as her nipple grew visibly erect. The poor guy was rapidly losing his composure as these two beautiful women teased him mercilessly. To my delight, Laura ordered a rum runner. She was already in high gear and something about that drink puts her in sexual hyperdrive. This was going to be a night to remember.
We ordered dinner, and the girls teased one another and various people at the bar. They picked their targets judiciously, and no one seemed to object to the flashes of genitalia that they were both enthusiastically sharing as they played with each other under the table. Midway through dinner, Laura ordered a rum runner and I knew any concept of modesty was going to disappear pretty quickly. Her 'dress' was already hiked up halfway to her navel, so she was essentially sitting there bottomless. I assumed it had been pushed up by Denise, who was similarly undressed, no doubt by Laura. They had played with each other's twats throughout dinner, sharing tastes of pussy juice with each other and Bret and me, and in the process leaving each other quite exposed. They were behind the table so that they were somewhat hidden from view from everywhere except for a portion of the bar and from anyone standing directly next to them at the table. From those spots, my guess was that the view of their waist-down nudity would be unobstructed. My suspicion was confirmed by the waiter, who was finding any excuse to visit us frequently, and who with each visit positioned himself between them, and whose focus seemed to shift back and forth from Denise's visible nipples and pubes to the naked triangle between Laura's thighs. Further confirmation was provided by an attractive couple that had been sitting at the bar and somewhat furtively looking in our direction. They stopped by our table as they left. The woman leaned over Laura's shoulder and said, "We love the way you trim your pubic hair."
Laura looked at the woman and her date, and then at me. She gets a demure, impish look when she feels a sexually playful impulse. That look came over her face just then. "Thank you," she replied as she leaned back and spread her legs, pulling back on her mound with her fingers to give them both a better look at the neat strip of hair above her slit, and coincidentally of her inner lips and clit, which she also deftly maneuvered out into view.
After the couple left, Laura, clearly fueled by her second rum runner, said, "So what am I gonna do while you guys fuck Denise?"
Denise, well lubed herself by a couple of margaritas, leaned over and affectionately kissed her cheek. "I think you should have surfer boy eat your pussy," she said.
"The cab driver?" Laura asked.
"Yes," said Denise. "He's very talented." Denise leaned in and touched her tongue to Laura's lips. They shared a brief but sensual kiss.
Laura turned to me and asked, "Do you mind? He's kinda cute."
"I don't mind, but I'm sure he'll want to get off, too," I replied.
Denise leaned past Laura and looked at me. "Then Laura can suck his cock," she suggested.
Laura looked at Denise with a broad smile. "I have a better idea," she said, turning back in my direction. Looking straight at me, she said, "Mark can suck his cock!" She leaned against me, and I noticed a couple of guys sitting at the bar where the couple had been. They were looking toward us, their eyes focused under the table. I looked down and could see that Laura's tank top was raised even higher and her legs were still open after her encounter with the couple. Her protruding inner lips indicated the heightened level of her arousal. "Will you suck his cock for me?" she asked, her fingertips discretely outlining the shape of my semi-erect dick through my shorts. Over the last few days, she had become increasingly verbal about how much she liked seeing me with another guy. "I want to see him come in your mouth." She moved her hand between her open legs and put a fingertip on her very erect, very visible clit. The guys at the bar were openly staring at her pussy. I nearly came right there.
"We'll see," I replied, but I was pretty turned on at the prospect. I had tasted other guy's cum on Laura. I like licking cum off of her body, and I especially enjoy kissing her after she sucks someone off. I had sucked a couple of cocks, most recently Bret's, but never had a guy shoot a load in my mouth. The idea was intriguing, especially with Laura's quite passionate urging. "Call him," I told Bret.
Bret called and we paid our tab and went outside just as the cab pulled up. It may have been coincidence that he was close by, but I suspected he had tried to stay near the restaurant, anticipating our call.
Bret got in the side door and slid across the back seat. Denise followed, once again flashing her pussy at the driver, who was now intimately familiar with the nooks and crannies of her sex. I turned to help Laura get in, but she opened the front door instead. A devilish smile crossed her face as she locked eyes with me and untied the sash so that the large tank top fell loose. She leaned into the cab door and let the front of the tank fall away from her far enough for the driver to see her naked body underneath. "Mind if I ride up here?" she asked.
He glanced back at me, and I gave an affirmative nod. "Sure," he said, and she slid into the seat.
I slipped in the back so that Denise was sandwiched between Bret and me. She wasted no time in starting her double dick party and put a hand in each of our laps, massaging our cocks through our shorts. Bret untied her blouse and pushed it open, freeing her tits. I took a nipple in my mouth, and Bret took the other one. I squeezed her nipple between my lips and flicked my tongue over the hard little nub. I reached under her skirt to feel her pussy, and found her husband's hand already there, two fingers inside her. I slipped a couple of fingers in next to his, and we rhythmically finger fucked her.
I glanced up expecting to see the driver looking back at us in the mirror. Instead, I saw his eyes darting between the road ahead and the passenger's seat, where Laura had turned sideways to watch us. That left her facing the driver and she had pulled the tank top up over her tits, completely exposing her body to the young surfer. She was holding the top up with one hand and vigorously masturbating with the other, her fingers plunging deep into her visibly wet cunt.
We made our way like that toward the townhouse, with Denise being attended to by Bret and me, his cock now out of his shorts and in her left hand, my cock out and in her right. Laura watched us and seemed unconcerned that this young stranger was inches away from her, with a close-up view of her pleasuring herself. I was a little concerned that he was too focused on Laura's wet snatch and hard nipples and wasn't watching the road.
It only took a few minutes to navigate across the island. "You guys sure know how to have fun," the driver remarked as we came to a stop in front of the townhouse.
"Yes we do," Laura replied. She was completely turned in the seat now, facing him, her legs spread. She had stopped playing with her clit and was holding the top up with both hands and pinching her nipples, looking at him seductively. She can be very forward and uninhibited, but I knew the rum runners were having an effect, too. She intended to follow Denise's suggestion. "Care to join us?" She reached down to his lap and her hand disappeared up the leg of his shorts. My cock twitched in Denise's hand at the thought of Laura having sex with this good looking young stranger.
Again, he glanced back at me for my approval, which I readily gave. "Sure," he replied to her with a big grin.
"You can park in the back," Bret said. The driver drove the cab around the block, Laura's hand in his shorts all the way there. He pulled into one of the spaces directly behind the townhouse. It was a little darker and more private here.
The tank top had fallen back into place and covered Laura's tits again, but now she pulled it over her head and all the way off so that she was completely nude. "What's your name?" she asked the driver as she casually unbuttoned his shorts. She was hot, she was naked, she was buzzed from the rum, and she had decided this young guy, 20 years her junior, was going to be her sex toy.
"Derek," he replied as he hoisted his ass off the seat so she could strip off his shorts. His erection popped up, very hard, long, and a little thin, but with a good-sized mushroom head.
Laura wrapped her hand around it and gave it a couple of pumps. She lightly touched her tongue to the tip and a string of precum was visible between her mouth and his cock in the faint light as she pulled away. "Derek has a nice dick," she announced to the three of us in the back seat.
By now, Denise had managed to get my and Bret's shorts off. "Well, let's go inside so we can play with it," I said to her. I noticed a little start from Derek, and he looked at me and then his eyes moved down to my stiff shaft as if trying to judge the meaning behind my choice of pronoun. His lips curled into a little smile, and I thought there was more to it than my naked girlfriend stroking his cock.
There was a slight chance of a passerby seeing us as we walked the few short steps to the back door of the townhouse, but none of us bothered to dress. Bret, Derek, and I were wearing nothing but shirts, naked from the waist down, and each with an erection. Denise was wearing a wide open blouse and a skirt not much bigger than a washcloth, and Laura was completely nude except for her Kinos. It was quite a sight. We got to the door, and Bret started fumbling with his shorts, which he was holding in his hand. He appeared to be having a little trouble finding his keys. As we waited, Laura dropped to her knees and kissed the round head of Derek's cock. She sucked it in and wrapped her lips around his hard-on. She glanced up at me with his cock in her mouth, and took my hand as our eyes met. Emboldened by the rum, she pushed my hand onto Derek's shaft. We didn't know him at all, but I went with her lead and gripped the base of his cock and waited for his reaction. Without missing a beat, he took my hard cock in his hand and lightly stroked me as he fucked my girlfriend's mouth. Laura slipped his cock out of her mouth and rubbed the tip all over her lips, like precum lipstick. I helped her, painting her mouth and chin with his fluid. She stood up and put her hand on the back of my head, pulling me toward her semen streaked mouth. "He tastes nice," she said, kissing me. I licked her mouth, and I could taste his young cock on her face and lips and tongue.
Bret finally got the door open, and we turned to go inside. Derek and I had continued to hold each other's cocks while I was kissing Laura. Now she pulled his stiff shaft from my hand, and with a sexy smile said, "He's mine." She turned and followed Bret inside, leading our very happy surfer boy by his erect manhood. I fell in line behind Denise, and pushed my hard-on up under her skirt against her ass cheeks as we walked through the door.
Our foursome had now grown to five. Denise was anticipating getting double-dicked, and Laura had found herself a new cock to play with. The girls had made good on their promise to get Bret and I ready for another round, and it was about to begin. But that's another story.