"Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned," Meyer Bone said.
He was inside the confessional of his local church and kneeling on a padded piece of wood. The acrid smell of incense was all around him.
He spoke the opening line to the Catholic Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation when the priest slid the latticed partition open, indicating that he was ready to hear Meyer's confession.
Meyer paused to gather his thoughts. He didn't continue with the standard format. He stammered, "I...I saw things. Things I shouldn't have!"
The priest nodded and waited for more information. When none was forthcoming he asked, " My son, what did you see?"
Images flashed in Meyer's mind. He saw firm bottoms in thong bikinis. Boobs bursting out of bikini tops. He saw bare breasts, so many breasts. He saw bare bottoms. He saw hundreds of hairless vaginas. He was so close to six vulvas that he could draw them from memory.
He cringed as he remembered all the nude people: women and their boobs, butts, and vaginas. Men, naked men with swinging dicks and bare asses.
Meyer was sweating. He felt sick to his stomach and couldn't speak.
The priest had seen parishioners overwhelmed by guilt before. He tried to reassure him and get him to talk. To get the conversation rolling, the priest said, "Seeing things is not a sin unless you were spying on someone or lusting after them. Did you purposely invade their privacy? Or did you accidentally see something you shouldn't? Did you have impure thoughts?"
"It was no accident!" Meyer said emphatically. "And I wasn't spying on anyone. The things I saw were right in front of me. It was all done out in the open for all to see. I didn't have carnal thoughts, but to see so many naked people, to be naked too, and to enjoy it must be a sin. Right?"
Meyer shut down as he recalled the troubling events. Reliving them made his heart race and his face turn red.
The priest waited for more information. Meyer remained silent.
Again the priest tried to get Meyer to unburden himself. He said, "Tell me about what is troubling you."
"I will. You have to believe me," Meyer said, sounding desperate. "I didn't want any of this to happen. I didn't instigate it or ever wish it would happen."
Meyer looked at the priest wide-eyed and filled with fear and guilt. He saw the priest behind the screen listening carefully. His eyes were closed; the fingers of his hands interlaced.
Meyer said to himself, "I need to trust him. He's a man of God. He can help me."
"I'm sorry, Father," Meyer said. "I know I'm not making any sense. What I've experienced has thrown me for a loop. Let me gather my thoughts."
He paused, took a deep breath to calm himself. He exhaled and said,
"When the kids were little, we went on family vacations every year. After they grew up and left the house, getting the family together for an extended holiday became less frequent.
"My wife and I started a business. It's great being the boss, but if we close the shop we don't earn any money. A two-week vacation became a thing of the past. For the past fifteen years, we've been lucky to steal a day off here and there.
"So when our son called and invited us to join him for a family vacation, we thought it was a splendid idea."
Meyer told the priest the tale of his recent family vacation.
^^^A Saturday in March^^^
"Hi, Dad," Josh said as Meyer answered his phone. "What are you and Mom doing the first week of June?"
"I don't know," he answered. "Now that we've sold the shop and are officially retired, we live an unscheduled life."
"Who is it?" Ann, Meyer's wife, asked without looking up from her knitting.
"It's your son, Josh."
"Hi, Josh," she said, speaking loudly. "How are Jennie and the kids?"
Her son heard her and said, "Tell her everyone's fine."
Meyer relayed the message.
"Dad, Jen, the kids, and I have been vacationing in Florida for years. We love it. We go to the beach. We fish, snorkel, eat out, and go to clubs.
"We are planning our vacation. Jen's folks and Terry and Tom are going to join us this year. Now that you're retired, you have free time. What do you think? Want to go on a big family vacation like we used to do?"
"Sounds great. Let me run it by the boss, and I'll call you back."
"Bye."
"What's up?" Ann asked.
"You said it'd be great to spend more time with the family," Meyer said.
"Yes."
"Your wish has been granted. Your son and daughter, their spouses, a bunch of grandkids, and Jennifer's parents will be vacationing in Florida the first week of June. We're invited."
"Sign us up!"
^^^June^^^
Meyer, his wife, Ann, and a lot of luggage flew into Miami airport. It was a sunny day and ninety degrees. They got an Uber and went to an Airbnb house near Haulover Beach.
The rest of the crew was already there, and they came out to greet them. They all wore flip-flops or sandals. The men were shirtless and wearing swimming trunks. The women had on colorful bathing suits cover-ups that hit them mid-thigh.
The twins, Belle and Beth, rushed to greet their grandparents and enthusiastically hugged and kissed them. Their older brother, Bobby, was next. Meyer got a hug; Grandma Ann got a kiss on the cheek.
Their daughter, Terry, kissed her parents hello. Her husband, Tom, did likewise. They stepped aside, and Josh and Jennifer greeted the guests with hugs. Jennifer asked them about their flight.
Josh tipped the Uber driver and sent him on his way. He and Bobby took the luggage to the bedroom his parents would use.
Jennifer's parents, John and Jean, were the last to greet the new arrivals. They were two years older than Meyer and Ann. They said, 'Hello. Welcome to the Sunshine State.'
"You must be hot in your travel clothes," Terry said. "You should change into your bathing suits. They're better suited for this hot weather, and we are going swimming after lunch. Come. I'll show you to your room."
"Lunch will be ready in five minutes. We're eating on the screened porch overlooking the pool," Jennifer hollered at them as they walked away.
Terry showed them their room. She saw their luggage, laughed, and said, "Wow! You brought a lot of stuff. Rookie mistake," she teased. "Next time you'll bring just a carry-on."
"We weren't sure what we'd need, so we brought everything!" Meyer said and laughed.
Terry left, Ann put on a one-piece bathing suit, and Meyer put on his trunks. They joined the others for lunch.
The conversation was lively. Everyone raved about the shrimp salad and the watermelon margaritas.
Josh stood, tapped his glass with a fork to get everyone's attention, and said, "I'm glad you are all here. It's been too long since we've all been together. For the next week, our focus is on having fun in the sun."
The audience cheered.
"You keep making our summer cocktails this strong," John said, "and it's guaranteed that we'll all be smiling. We may never make it to the beach!"
The group laughed. Josh and Jen shooed everyone out of the kitchen, saying they would clean up.
The twins led Meyer and Ann outside. There was an eight-foot wide by sixteen-foot long pool. The shallow end had steps leading into the pool. The deep end was five feet deep.
This wasn't a pool for swimming laps or diving. There was enough room for kids to play and for adults to cool off. The painted concrete patio surrounding it was large enough for a dozen lounge chairs, six on either side.
The twenty-year-olds peeled off their cover-ups, revealing matching bikinis and firm, tanned, bodies. The young women turned and tossed their cover-ups on lounge chairs, and their grandparents learned that they were wearing thong bikinis. They saw plump, bronzed butt cheeks.
Meyer was thunderstruck. Ann was surprised. Both stared at the rumps on display. They were given more than a glimpse. The twins took the time to drape and smooth out their cover-ups over the top of the lounges.
Their grandparents became well acquainted with the short women's taut bums.
The twins faced them and smiled. Their large black ponytails bounced, and so did their larger-than-average breasts.
Belle saw her grandparents ogling her and her sister's set and stated the obvious, "Yeah. We have big boobs. What we lack in height, we make up for in cleavage."
Meyer was transfixed and stared longer than a man should. Especially, considering he was their grandfather. In his defense, they were spectacular. Their boobs were big and round and bursting out of their colorful tops.
Ann elbowed him. He came to his senses, blushed, and looked away.
"Dad says with boobs like ours, we'll never have to buy drinks," Beth said and laughed.
Ann and Meyer joined in just to be polite. Meyer snuck another peek at his buxom granddaughters and thought, "Wow! These girls are stacked."
Bobby was nearby and asked, "Grandpa Bone, can you guess what their nickname is?"
"No."
"The boner twins!"
He and his sisters laughed. Ann and Meyer smiled and looked uncomfortable.
"I don't think that's appropriate," Ann said. "A woman is more than her physical attributes."
"I know," Bobby conceded. "It's sexist, but also accurate and inevitable for attractive big-chested women with the last name of Bone." He looked at Meyer, expecting support.
"No comment," Meyer said. "I recognize a losing position when I hear one."
Bobby grinned and walked away. Belle and Beth went inside too. Ann and Meyer sat.
Terry and Jean came to the pool. They discarded their cover-ups and sat opposite Meyer. Jean, who was sixty-nine years old, wore a sensible one-piece bathing suit.
Terry, who had recently turned forty, had on a bikini. Compared to the twins' suit, hers looked tame. It wasn't that hers had more material or was designed more conservatively. The difference was Terry was a B cup. The twins were D's. Her breasts fit into her top, while the twins' boobs appeared ready to burst out at any second.
Terry got up to adjust her lounge so it faced the sun and turned her back to her parents.
"Oh," Ann and Meyer gasped.
Their faces reddened as they saw their forty-year-old daughter's butt. Like the twins, Terry was wearing a thong bikini bottom.
"Something wrong, Dad?" Terry asked, looking over her shoulder.
"Ahh...No," he lied as he stared at her nearly naked derriere. There was no fabric covering her ass. A slim strip of material had sunk into her butt cheeks. Meyer wondered, "How does that little bit of fabric cover her anus and vagina?"
Ann was in shock and staring too. She recovered quicker than her husband, and she said, "Cute suit. Congrats on the weight loss. You have the bum you had when you were a teenager."
Terry twisted her hip, looked at her backside, and said proudly, "I do, don't I? I've been dieting and exercising. I put on weight when I was pregnant with Ava and more when almost immediately I got pregnant with Eve.
"I carried those extra pounds for ten years. I made a promise to myself that I was going to lose weight and be fit by my fortieth birthday. I did it!"
"Good for you," Ann said. "You look marvelous. How are the girls?"
"They're fine. They're bummed that they aren't here. But it was my ex's summer to have them, and he's having a family reunion too."
Ann nodded and looked sympathetic. She never liked her daughter's first husband. She wasn't sure her second was any better.
The twins returned carrying glasses of ice water. Beth bent over at the hip and placed a glass on a table beside her grandfather. Her breasts were less than two feet away from Meyer. The bikini top fell away, exposing a lot of feminine flesh.
Meyer's mouth fell open, and his heart rate practically doubled as he eyeballed her amazing orbs.
Lucky for him, no one caught him appraising his granddaughter's abundant pair.
His mouth got dry; he coughed.
Both young women turned toward him.
"Are you okay?" Belle asked.
They were bent over, so he got a double dose of big breasts hanging free. What fabric there was, managed to cover their nipples.
He thought, "It's like I'm in some bad porno movie. Everywhere I turn there are lovely, half-naked women."
"Ahem," he cleared his throat. He forced his eyes up, looked at their innocent brown eyes, and said, "I'm fine. I forgot to bring our sunscreen."
"That's definitely a problem," Beth said. She grabbed a bottle and said, "Everyone needs sunscreen. Especially you and Nana. You're as pale as ghosts. Lean forward; I'll do your back."
"Nana," Belle said. "I'll do your back."
"Thanks."
The pasty sixty-seven-year-olds straddled their chairs and leaned forward. The young woman rubbed sunscreen on their backs and shoulders.
Belle pulled her grandmother's straps down. Her left hand got caught, and she yanked the suit down.
"Oops," she said. Her face turned pink, and she looked embarrassed as Nana's side boob came into view.
Ann pulled her suit up and said good-naturedly, "Careful, sweetheart. You're showing off the goods."
She chuckled and added, "Twenty-five years ago that would have been a nipslip situation, but now my nipples are so low on my chest that only my saggy flesh was exposed."
Everyone laughed.
After they coated their backs and shoulders, the twins handed the bottles to their grandparents, so they could do their fronts.
Ann and Meyer did the rest of their bodies and stretched out in the warm afternoon sun.
Bobby returned, coated his fit body with sunscreen, and sat on a lounge on the other side of the pool across from his grandparents. Beth was sunbathing lying on the lounge next to him.
"Psst," Bobby whispered, trying to get Beth's attention.
His sister opened her eyes and said, "What?"
Bobby held a finger to his lips, signally she should be quiet. He leaned her way and whispered, "Look at Nana's crotch. She needs a trim."
Beth looked and saw her grandmother's pubes. The old woman had clean legs, but she'd neglected to clear the area where her legs joined her torso. Black and gray pubic hair spilled out of the leg holes of her suit.
"Oh," Beth said softly. She stood and said, "Nana and Belle, can I borrow you for a minute? I need your help."
"Sure," they answered; they followed Beth into the house.
Beth went into the empty kitchen and said, "Nana, you and Mom taught us to look out for friends and family."
Ann nodded.
"You have a grooming issue," Beth said.
Nana raised one eyebrow and asked, "What?"
"Your muff is sneaking out of the leg holes of your bathing suit," Beth said. She pointed to Nana's crotch.
Ann spread her legs, leaned over, and looked. "Oh, my," she gasped. "I forgot to check. It's been years since I've worn a bathing suit or shaved my legs."
"You don't shave your legs?" Belle asked.
Ann laughed and said, "It sounds horrible, doesn't it? As you get older, you have less hair on your head and your body. Look at my legs. I have very little hair. What I have is thin and light in color, so I don't bother to shave.
"I confess that I no longer maintain my lady garden because I don't have sex as frequently as I used to. Meyer's interest, like mine, has waned, and, well, you girls know this, a man needs a strong, firm erection to pleasure a woman. Let's just say he no longer has the necessary equipment to get the job done.
"I'm not complaining." She cupped her breasts, raised them four inches, and said, "I'm not the hot babe I once was. These things used to be up here on my chest. Now they dangled around my belly button.
"Meyer and I have been married for fifty-five years. We had a great sex life. Our relationship has mellowed. We're still each other's best friend and love and respect each other. We're less physical."
Ann frowned, looked concerned, and said, "I apologize if I'm oversharing. You girls certainly know about sex. I'm guessing you're sexually active. I was at your age."
"Nana, nothing you've said has shocked us," Belle said.
"We aren't virgins," Beth said and smiled. She added, "We're glad you and Granddad are still together and in love. And you're right, Belle and I insist our paramours have big hard cocks."
Ann nodded. She paused as if in thought and said, "As the oldest adult here, I feel obligated to ask. You practice safe sex, don't you?"
"We're on birth control," Beth said.
"And we insist our partners wear a condom," her sister said.
"Good. That's smart. Now back to the problem at hand," Ann said. "Can you lend me a razor?"
"Sure. Follow me," Belle said.
Beth led the way into the en suite bathroom in her room, got a razor and shaving cream, and handed it to her grandmother.
Ann put the items on the counter, removed her bathing suit, and said, "I hope my body doesn't scare you. Time and children take a toll." She chuckled and added, "I'm saggy in places where I didn't think it was possible."
She batted her bicep; the flesh wobbled and swung freely. "Bat wings," Ann said and grimaced.
Ann was slim and in good health. Her body looked like that of a sixty-seven-year-old woman. Her skin was loose. Her flesh, be it a boob, her butt, or her calf muscle, drooped. She had a paunchy belly, and she was pale all over.
The silver hair on her head was thin and in a bun. She didn't have much hair anywhere. The longish wiry mixture of black and gray hair around her vulva did not hide her sex.
Ann sat on the closed toilet. The twins handed her the supplies, and she cleaned up her bikini line. She asked, "Do you think that's sufficient."
"Yes," Belle said.
Beth handed her a wet washcloth; Ann cleaned up.
"While I'm naked, I might as well go to the bathroom."
"Good idea," Beth said. "We'll see you at the pool."
Ann returned to the pool and lay beside Meyer.
Tom was sitting on Terry's chair. They were kissing. He was making loud smooching noises, and she was giggling.
"Stop," Terry asked. Her tone was not angry or annoyed. She was embarrassed.
"Your wish is my command, my love," he said.
The forty-year-old man with spiky black hair and a beard stood and looked around. He asked playfully, "Do any of the other ladies present need to be kissed and adored by an almost tall, slightly overweight middle-aged man?"
He looked around. No one took him up on his offer. The twins giggled and said, "No." His wife laughed gently and said, "Lay on your lounger, you silly man."
Ann smiled and thought, "Tom isn't the most handsome man, but he's fun, charming in his way, and he makes Terry happy. That has to count for something."
Josh and Jennifer were the last ones out. They made the rounds and spoke to everyone. Josh wore flip-flops and swimming trunks. Jennifer had on sandals and a bikini. She had left her cover-up inside.
She sat on the edge of Ann's chair and talked with Meyer and Ann. She was smart, pretty, engaging, and very nice. She was taller than the twins, fit, and less endowed than her daughters as most women are.
She stood, turned, and talked with Tom and Terry. Meyer couldn't take his eyes off her butt. For one thing, she was in great shape. And, two, he could see 99% of her butt.
Like the other women under sixty, she had chosen to wear a thong bikini. Hers was skimpier than Terry and the twins. There was a small panel of fabric in the front.
"How does that little bit of material cover her pubic hair," Meyer wondered.
The thing Meyer found most astounding was the back of the suit. It consisted of two strings. One went horizontal across her hips, and the other one was nestled in her butt crack. They covered nothing.
Meyer was amazed. Jen appeared cool, comfortable, and confident in her skimpy suit. He very much appreciated the view, and his wife noticed that he was staring.
"I see you admiring Jennifer's bathing suit," Ann whispered. "It appears that thong bikinis are all the rage. Do you think I should get one?"
Meyer looked at her sheepishly and whispered, "Am I being a cad? I can't help but look."
"You're surrounded by attractive, scantily clad women. They decided how to dress and what body parts they are comfortable showing. You didn't dictate any of this.
"I'm not upset that you're looking at what they're willing to expose. Do you feel any lust in your heart?"
"No. God, no. They're family," Meyer answered. "I'm surprised, astonished, and yes, appreciative."
"When I was younger, I wore mini skirts and went braless. It was fashionable and fun. I liked the attention and reactions I got. The clothing today is different, but the intention is the same. Sometimes, girls like to be noticed.
"It's okay to look. You can tell them they are beautiful. None of that diminishes me. They trust you enough to show off. I know you won't overstep and touch them. Don't ogle them. You can look, and appreciate their youth and beauty as long as you don't lust after them."
"Thank you, and you would rock a thong bikini."
Ann laughed. It was a deep belly laugh. When she stopped, she stood, kissed him, and said, "Thanks a lot. You made me laugh so hard that I almost peed myself. Now, I have to go to the bathroom."
Meyer smiled and stretched out on the lounge. He watched his wife's bottom sway as she walked away and said to himself, "She would look divine in a thong."
He heard the twins whispering. Belle said, "The reason our parents took this long to join us is because they were hooking up."
"What? There's no way they had sex during the day with a house full of guests," Beth said.
"I bet you they did. Look at Mom. She's glowing. The increased blood flow caused by sex is making her whole body appear flushed."
"Maybe," Beth said.
"You can tell by how she walks," Belle said. "The way she rolls her hips. She's relaxed and has greater pelvic rotation."
"That could be caused by Dad's drinks. They were strong," Beth argued.
"Go smell her."
"Ew no! I don't want to risk smelling Dad's spunk."
"Mom will have washed. You won't smell his semen. I bet you can smell the pheromones Mom released while having sex. Go. You'll see I'm right."
Beth got up, went to her mother, and while hugging her, she sniffed.
She hurried back and said, "Oh my God! You were right."
"What's all this talk about sex and pheromones?" Meyer wondered.
He got up to investigate, thinking this was a silly idea bantered about by bored youngsters. He stood beside Jennifer and joined the conversation. He appeared nonchalant as he gave her a couple of good sniffs.
He said to himself, "I smell her floral perfume, but that's it."
He felt his loins stir. His penis moved. He thought, "Maybe the twins are onto something. Out of the blue, I get the beginning of an erection. Her pheromones or something are working on me at an unconscious level.
"Jen is attractive. She always had been, but she's never caused me to have a hard-on. There's something more. Something subtle that is causing my body to react. Pheromones are as good an answer as any.
"I better get out of here before I have to explain a lump in my suit." He chuckled and added, "When was the last time I had an erection? I honestly can't remember."
He excused himself and went to his room. He stepped inside as his wife stepped out of their bathroom. He embraced her and gave her a passionate kiss.
"Mmmm. What did I do to deserve this?"
"You being you."
He kissed her again and rubbed his groin against her belly.
She giggled and asked, "Is that what I think it is?"
"Yes. I want to make love to you."
"That's a wonderful idea."
They kissed and made their way to the bed. They stripped. Ann fondled his dick. His erection was four and a half long. That was an inch less than what it was when they first married. It also didn't have the girth he had in his twenties.
Ann didn't complain. She knew how time takes its toll. She was two inches shorter than she was on her wedding day. She put on a happy face and said, "It's nice to see you again, my old friend."
They got into bed, and it was like they were teenagers. They kissed and caressed. Meyer sucked on her soft breasts as his hands explored her body.
He went down on her. He took his time because it had been a while, and he missed doing this. He also had a practical reason. These days she produced less lubrication. He gave her time to become fully aroused and wet so penetration would be pleasurable.
"Ohhh! Oh my God!" she shouted as she orgasmed.
He pulled his face out of her crotch and watched as she felt the fiery sensation of pure pleasure surge through her body.
She opened her eyes, smiled, and said, "That was a good one. Let's take care of you."
His erection had softened.
Ann crawled to him, pushed him on his back, and took his penis into her mouth. She sucked and stroked his dick until it was as hard.
"How do you want me?" she asked coyly.
She got on her hands and knees, knowing it was a good position for a short cock. She teased, "You've always liked my butt. Take me from behind. Slam your cock into me!"
Meyer knelt behind her and slid his dick inside her.
"Ohh!" they moaned.
She was wet so Meyer was able to thrust heartily into her. He didn't last long.
"Ohhh!" he hollered as he came inside her. His dick quickly became limp and slid out of her.
They crumbled and collapsed on the bed. He held her tightly, enjoyed his climax, and kissed her shoulder. He said, "Thanks. That was very, very nice."
"You're welcome anytime. I love you," Ann said. She rolled over, kissed him, and said, "Thanks for a nice roll in the hay. What brought this on? All those young firm butts wearing thongs?"
"No. I think it was pheromones. I got a whiff, and it got my engine running."
"Lucky me."
They snuggled in silence. Then, got up, cleaned up in the bathroom, and rejoined their fellow vacationers.
Everyone was by the pool, luxuriating in the sun. Their bodies glistened due to sun lotion or sunscreen. All the women were face up and topless. Even Jean.
Ann and Meyer were surprised and paused to take in the scene: the good, the bad, and the disappointing.
Jean was overweight. She had the stereotypical grandmother's body: big, soft, and cuddly. She had big hips, a big butt, and big breasts. She'd rolled down her one piece, exposing her heavy saggy bosom.
Beth and Belle had the next biggest breasts. Theirs were much firmer. They maintained their round shapes, defying gravity. Their breasts were topped with little pink nipples. They reminded Meyer of cherries on an ice cream sundae. The perfect finishing touch for both treats.
Jennifer and Terry had lovely average-sized boobs. They were slightly saggy. They had large dark nipples as a result of birthing and breastfeeding babies.
Josh noticed his parents. He saw their looks of astonishment and said, "Are you wondering if you're in the right place?"
Jennifer sat up and said, "Do our breasts offend you? I forgot this was your first time with us. We aren't hedonists, but we are sun worshippers. Would you like us to cover up?"
"No," Ann said. She gave them a big genuine smile and said, "We don't mind. In fact, I'll join you. In the seventies and eighties, before I became a mum, I used to sunbathe topless. I remember enjoying the feel of the warm rays of the sun and the joy of not having tan lines so I could confidently wear any top: backless, tube tops, or V-necks with plunging necklines."
She pulled her straps down to her waist and exposed the boobs and nipples that her husband had enjoyed a short while ago.
Everyone looked at her saggy pair. Meyer felt proud seeing the other men check out his wife and smile.
"Who has sunscreen?" Ann asked. She patted the underside of her left tit, making it jiggle, and said, "Honestly, have you ever seen something so pale?"
Everyone laughed. Belle held up a bottle of sunscreen and said, "Come sit beside me."
"Thank you."
Meyer and Ann settled in. He watched his wife apply lotion to her supple breasts. The other did too.
Meyer put on his sunglasses, looked around, and thought, "This is nice. When I was a teenager, I could only dream that someday I'd be sunbathing with six beautiful, half-naked women."
He looked around and said to himself, "This is nice. Very nice."
^^^
They had a pleasant afternoon. The adults hopped into the pool periodically to cool off. They reapplied sunscreen and rotated as needed to tan safely and evenly.
Meyer, Ann, John, and Jean spent less time in the sun than those who had a strong base tan and could take more sun. They discussed the joys and travails of old age and retirement.
Meyer was surprised that after an hour or so, he forgot that the women were topless until one would laugh or move in a way that caused their breasts to jiggle or bounce.
As the afternoon wore on, the kids cajoled the adults to join them and play the classic pool games of Marco Polo and sharks and minnows.
Bobby set up the water volleyball net, and they played that too.
Meyer ended up on the team opposing the twins, and he was glad. Beth and Belle were fierce competitors moving and jumping to get to every ball possible. Their tits bounced like crazy.
Ann was also on the twins' team. She wasn't as competitive and aggressive, but she was as entertaining as the busty girls. When she moved, her breasts rippled and jiggled, and the tremors continued for a surprisingly long time.
Everyone laughed and had fun.
Around six, Josh said, "We have dinner reservations at eight. The dress is casual. I'd recommend everyone take a shower and a nap."
The crowd dispersed and followed his instructions.
Ann and Meyer went to their room, undressed, and took turns showering. They remained nude as they rested on the bed, looking at the ceiling.
"That was fun," Ann said.
"Yes. Everyone enjoyed looking at your boobs," Meyer teased.
"Hardly." His wife laughed.
"I even saw Bobby checking you out."
"He did, didn't he?"
"Was it weird being half naked around your grandson and son-in-law?"
"No. Not really. The other women had their boobs out. There was a healthy vibe. We were topless. No one was creepy. It was no big deal. Everyone saw my boobs. During the games, people tagged me and accidentally touched my breasts."
She turned, looked at her husband, and said, "It was innocent. You know?"
"Yes. I think everyone felt that way."
They dozed.
There was a light rapping of knuckles on the door. They woke, stirred, and remained lying nude on their backs.
Bobby stuck his head in the room and said, "Dad, asked that I tell you. We are leaving for the restaurant in thirty minutes."
Ann propped herself up, cursed her bad luck that her legs were spread, and said, "Good thing you stopped by. We fell asleep."
Bobby smiled, nodded, and closed the door.
"There it is," Meyer said. "We've broken the final barrier. We've been seen naked by our grandson."
"My legs were open," Ann said, sheepishly.
"Of course they were," Meyer teased. "My thick rod was in you today. You'll be bow-legged for a week!"
"Ha! You have a high opinion of your equipment."
Meyer rolled over, grabbed a boob, and kissed her.
"Ah,' she playfully shrieked.
He slid his hand down to her crotch, fluffed her fur, and said, "Other men may look. This hole is only for me!"
She pulled him to her, kissed him hard on the lips, and said, "It's been yours and yours alone for fifty-five years. I'm not about to change that rule now."
They chuckled, dressed, and were on time for their departure.
Dinner was a fun affair. Fresh seafood and cold beers in a loud, crowded, family restaurant.
They returned home stuffed and happy. Josh made another summer cocktail. Everyone imbibed. They sat in the moonlight. The grandkids demanded to hear embarrassing stories about their parents when they were young.
The old folks obliged.
^^^
Everyone slept in.
As they rolled out of bed, people went to the kitchen for coffee, sweet rolls, cereal, or eggs. Ann and Meyer were the only ones fully dressed and wearing underwear.
The others were in their sleeping attire. The men wore boxers or gym shorts. The women were braless in cute sleeping tees or colorful cotton tops and bottoms.
"Are you ready for today's itinerary?" Josh asked his guests.
Some grunted. Others said, "Yes."
Jennifer said, "It's going to be another beautiful hot sunny day, so we're going to the beach. We have two Uber vans coming in an hour."
Meyer muttered to Ann, "I don't know why we need to go to the beach. We have a perfectly good pool out back."
"Don't be a fuddy-duddy."
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Jennifer, can I help with snacks or lunch," Ann asked.
"No need. We have some snacks and sodas in an ice chest. One of the nice things about this beach is that everything is right there."
"We can rent chairs and umbrellas," Josh said. "There are food trucks and places to get lunch. The Ubers will drop us off exactly where we want to be. So no long walk dragging beach supplies. They have bathrooms, lifeguards, and a first aid station. Everything you could think of."
"Great. Sounds like fun," Ann said.
The Bone family hit the road on time and headed to Haulover Beach
Beth addressed Ann and Meyer and said, "You're going to love this place.
It has a big beautiful sandy beach."
"The park is located between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay," Belle said.
"It's a good thing that it's big," Bobby said, "because thousands of people will be there on a day as nice as this. Over a million people visit every year."
"It sounds great," Meyer said.
^^^
They were dropped off at the northern section of the park. It was a short walk to the beach.
"Ah. Is this the right place?" Meyer asked when he spotted a naked dude.
"Yes," Josh said. "The beach is over a mile long. Families use the south end. You can bring your dog to one section. This area is clothing-optional. Most folks will be naked. It's ranked as one of the ten best nude beaches in the world."
"Is this legal?" Ann asked.
Jennifer laughed and said, "It is. This isn't one of those places where the authorities turn a blind eye. This is a county park, and, for over thirty years, it's been okay to swim nude."
They passed a sign that read, 'Attention: Beyond this point, you may encounter nude bathers'.
"Is nudity mandatory?" Meyer asked.
"For us it is!" Belle and Beth shouted. They whisked off their cover-ups, jumped, and threw their hands in the air. They hadn't worn anything else so they were stark naked and happy about it!
Ann and Meyer were flabbergasted as they watched the nude young women giggling and jumping. Their big breasts bounced.
Bobby quickly stripped and joined his sisters. They laughed and frolicked naked. They danced around the grown-ups.
Meyer and Ann observed a few things. The children were very happy and very comfortable being nude in public. They had full-body tans and no pubic hair!
Bobby's cock swung up and down and left and right. The young women's boobs also moved in every direction as they jiggled and quaked.
Meyer watched Belle's and Beth's bouncing breasts. He looked at their hairless vaginas and was gobsmacked that he could clearly see their labia and their slit!
John, Jean, Josh, and Jennifer laughed at the young people's antics. Josh got around to answering Meyer's question. He said, "Dad, this is a clothing-optional beach. You may wear as much or little as you like."
"I'm sorry for surprising you," Jennifer said. "We've been coming here for years. Ever since the twins turned eighteen. They love it. We all do. The people here are great. Everyone is friendly. They are here to enjoy the beach without soggy bathing suits or clothes that keep the sun and the breeze from touching your skin.
"We don't think of this as the 'nude beach'. This is our beach," Jennifer said. "The rest of us have been here before; we will get naked, but that doesn't mean you have to. Do what feels right for you. Okay?"
Jennifer looked concerned about their feelings.
"It's okay, dear," Ann said. "We will do what we're comfortable doing."
"Good," Jen said.
As the grandchildren led the crew, searching for a space large enough for their party, Meyer and Ann looked around. They saw adults from eighteen to ninety-eight. Males and females of all colors, sizes, and shapes.
There obviously was no fitness requirement to be here. Few people were movie-star attractive or in peak physical condition.
At first, Ann and Meyer found that off-putting. Upon reflection, they found it comforting. No one was going to judge them. All people were welcome. A love of the beach and the sun brought them together.
Meyer and Ann relaxed. They focused on their family. Meyer smiled as he looked at the twins' bare bottoms. He liked the way their hips rolled as they walked. Ann checked out Bobby's firm butt.
The kids found them a good spot, Josh and Bobby left and rented chairs and umbrellas. They brought them back and set them up.
Terry, Tom, and Jennifer stripped. Ann and Meyer knew this moment was coming, but still, it shocked them.
Meyer stared starstruck. "That's my daughter. That's my daughter-in-law," he thought as he saw everything.
He turned away and said to himself, "Surely, Jean and John are not going to undress completely."
He watched in horror as Jean removed her top. Meyer, and everyone else, saw her heavy saggy breasts. John removed his trunks.
"There's his penis," Meyer said in his brain.
Jean removed her skirt, exposing her big belly and fat ass.
"They don't have any pubic hair," Meyer noted.
Josh finished putting up the chairs and umbrellas, and he stripped.
Ann and Meyer saw his twig and berries clearly. He, like the other nudists in their party, had no pubic hair. Ann looked at his junk and thought, "He has a nice dick."
Josh stood tall with his Johnson out, took a deep breath, exhaled, and said, "Mom, Dad, what do you think? White sand, fresh air, bright sunshine, and family. Does it get any better than this?"
Meyer said, "This is a gorgeous place and a gorgeous day." He muttered so that only his wife could hear, "I don't need to see all these penises and vaginas."
Ann elbowed him in the stomach and whispered, "Be nice." She said louder, "Josh, this is nice."
Belle and Beth approached their grandparents and said, "Can you do my back?" They held out bottles of sunscreen.
The grandparents took care of the twins.
Bobby asked the same favor of his grandmother, and she obliged.
The kids raced off to the ocean. The adults helped their spouses protect the areas they couldn't reach from the sun.
Bobby and the twins returned to the group, wet, excited, and smiling. Bobby said, "The water is great."
"You all have to come," Belle said. She grabbed the hands of John and Jean and dragged them toward the ocean. They let her lead them.
"Come on," Beth said to the other set of grandparents. "You can't come to the beach and not get in the water."
"Okay," Ann said. She grabbed Meyer's hand, and the three of them went into the ocean.
Tom and Terry and Josh and Jennifer quickly followed.
People body surfed, splashed others, and engaged in horseplay. Everyone had a big smile on their faces. The twins manhandled Meyer.
Meyer thought, "The twins are truly innocent. They're naked and don't care. They play. Their boobs and naked bodies bang into me, and they don't care. They are the incarnation of innocence."
Meyer stopped fretting about the situation. He tickled and played with them. It was all innocent, good fun.
After an extended amount of time in the water, the group returned to their spot and relaxed in the sun. The women looked self-assured. They stretched out without any concern about what a passing stranger might see.
These same women, who when wearing a dress made sure that their legs were crossed and no one got a peek of their underwear, sat or lay any way they damn well pleased. They didn't give a hoot if their posture allowed someone, family or stranger, to see a nipple, breast, butt, anus, or vulva.
'Fuck society's restraints' seemed to be their motto. 'I will be comfortable and get a tan wherever I want' was their unspoken maxim.
They were so brazen, and their nudity was so matter-of-fact that Ann and Meyer stopped noticing it. They focused on everyone's bright eyes and happy smiles. On what they were saying and the joy they projected.
Ann said to her husband, "Look how happy everyone is. How comfortable they are."
"Yes. Everyone is happy to be here," Meyer said.
"I think it also has to do with them being naked. It has freed them. Freed their spirits."
"Do you really think so?"
"Yes. You know how in a movie the soundtrack sets the tone," Ann said. "I think nudity is setting the tone for all the fun the others are having."
"How so?"
"Look around," Ann said. "I can see nipples and breasts, butts, penises, and pussies."
Meyer scanned his traveling companions. He saw Josh's, John's, and Bobby's soft dicks. He saw nipples and breasts, two female asses, and three vaginas.
Ann continued, "From the time a girl can understand concepts, she is taught to be modest, to be prim and proper. She must sit up straight and not allow anyone to look down her shirt. Even if she's too young to have breasts.
"A girl must sit with her ankles or knees crossed or with her knees together. No one can see her panties or private parts."
Meyer nodded, signally he was listening.
"That puts a lot of pressure on females, and it doesn't ease up as she gets older. Actually, the pressure to be a proper lady intensifies. A lot of attention is paid to her behavior and appearance. Is it any wonder girls have body issues? That some are bulimic and anorexic?
"All women hate something about their bodies. Their boobs are too small or not shaped correctly. Their butt, thighs, ears, or nose are too big. Or they are not happy with their hair."
"I never thought about that," Meyer said.
"Of course not," Ann said. "You're a boy. You are too busy worrying about the size of your penis."
She gave him a soft smile and continued, "I can understand why everyone here at this beach likes being naked. It's freeing. They aren't being judged. They don't have to worry about all the rules of society. They are free to be themselves.
"Look at our lovely twins. They are carefree. So what if you can see their ass, vag, or boobs? You can see every woman's body here.
"Look at Jean. She looks relaxed. If she were dressed, we would be judging her and saying, 'Look at that fat woman. She should have on a girdle or Spanx or a better bra. What was she thinking squeezing her fat ass into those pants or wearing that color or style or designer?'
"Here she is naked and completely comfortable. We see her soft curves. We can judge her on who she is without the distractions of how she looks in her clothes."
"I see what you mean," Meyer said. "I wouldn't have guessed that being naked among naked strangers is actually a safe space. I can see where this is heading, you want to join them," Meyer said.
Ann grabbed the front of his bathing suit, found the tie string, and pulled. She untied the bow and said, "I want us to join them. Serenity is at hand."
Meyer nodded. He stood and helped her stand. They removed their bathing suits. Meyer looked around to see how many people were staring at them. The answer was zero.
He chuckled and said, "Ann, we're naked with thousands of people around, and no one cares."
"Surprised, guys?" Josh asked. "Your greatest fear is unrealized. No one is laughing or judging your body. Enjoy the sun, feel the breeze on your skin, and be thankful you no longer have to sit around in wet clothes."
Ann threw her arms up as the twins had done and shouted, "I'm naked!" Her saggy boobs jiggled.
The twins stood and came to them. They grabbed their grandparents' hands, and together they jumped and shouted, "I'm naked!" multiple times.
Ann, Meyer, Belle, and Beth smiled and were as happy and carefree as little children. Meyer saw the women's boobs jiggle and quake. His jumping partners saw his soft, three-inch cock bounce about.
None of them stared or focused on these moving body parts. They honed in on each other's faces and the joy they were expressing
They were tired and came together. Belle hugged Meyer, Ann hugged Beth, and then Ann and Meyer hugged. This was done to a smattering of applause. The rest of their group was clapping, and so were some of the other nude people at the beach who witnessed their gleeful chanting.
Their fellow beachgoers were celebrating Ann and Meyer's entry into nudism. Strangers waved or shouted things like 'Good for you!' and 'Welcome to the club!'.
Ann and Meyer smiled and waved at the friendly strangers. Everyone returned to what they were doing.
"I like the feel of the sun on my body," Ann confessed.
"And I like the feel of the wind on my body," Meyer said.
"Those are nice benefits," Jennifer said, "but for me, the biggest appeal of nudism is acceptance." She stood and spread her legs not caring that everyone could see her sex. She thrust out her chest. Her nipples were hard and prominent.
She said, "This is me. There is nothing wrong with my body. The size of my waist or my breasts does not define me. It doesn't determine if I'm smart, kind, or good."
Josh said, "The people here get it. As the saying goes, 'You can't judge a book by its cover'. You can't judge people by their appearance. No one stares because no one cares how you look."
Terry shifted and sat cross-legged. Her slit gapped. She said, "I feel free when I'm nude. I revel in immersing myself in nature."
"Being able to let go of my inhibitions, along with my swimwear, has been a truly liberating experience," Jean said. "It's helped me stop obsessing over my belly rolls and stretch marks. Nude beaches are spaces free of judgment. I feel comfortable in my skin."
"Thank you for sharing," Ann said. "I get it. I stand before you with my old, wrinkled, and saggy body. I feel your love and acceptance, and I love and accept myself."
She went to Jean and embraced her. She hugged her son, Josh.
Everyone got in on it. Ann and Meyer embraced everyone.
When the hugging was done, Meyer's daughter-in-law said, "There's one more thing. You two need to put sunscreen on the parts of you that your suit covered."
She pointed to Meyer's penis and Ann's breasts and said, "Parts of you that have never seen the sun are especially likely to get sunburned."
Jennifer looked directly at Meyer's three-inch cock and said, "You're going to want to put a lot of sunscreen on that."
"Yes, Dad," his daughter, Terry, said. "That is one place you don't want to get sunburned.
The two mothers stood beside him and observed him as he rubbed lotion on his ass, penis, and balls. He was red-faced; they were not.
Ann liberally coated her body, slavering copious amounts on her breasts, butt, and sex.
"Dad," Terry said. "There's no reason to be embarrassed. It's a task that needs to be done and done properly. Ask Tom if he wished some busybody had insisted he protect his junk."
Tom laughed and said, "Meyer, My first time here, I didn't take care of my wiener; it got burned. I've never known pain like that." Tom squirted more sunscreen on his hand and rubbed it on his cock.
Meyer was mesmerized and watched. The man's dick was soft, yet it had a substantial thickness and length. His flaccid penis was as long as Meyer's best erection.
Jennifer said, "You guys will be glad that you coated your cocks well. And you too Ann. Nipples are prone to sunburn, so take care of them."
After that, they had a regular fun beach day. They swam, played, ate lunch, talked, helped each other with sunscreen, and lay in the sun.
Bobby was sitting up. He supported his torso by having his arms behind him. He had a towel across his hips. The twins came to him and said, "Bobby, let's go swimming."
"You go. I'll catch up with you in a few minutes."
"Why not now?" Belle asked innocently.
Beth's neutral expression changed to one of glee, and she said, "I know! You have a boner, don't you?"
Her hand shot out as fast as a cobra, and she pulled the towel off, exposing his erection. The twins and those near him saw his engorged member.
"Hey! Stop that," Bobby shouted. He grabbed the towel and covered his cock.
His sisters tittered.
"Girls, leave your brother alone," Jennifer said. "Go swimming. He'll join you when he can."
They ran to the ocean.
Jennifer leaned over, rubbed her son's back, and said, "You're handling this properly. I'll speak to them about respecting your privacy. " She grimaced and added, "Again."
He looked at her and whined, "Mom, having an attractive naked woman touch me isn't what I need when I'm trying to lose an erection."
Jen blushed and said, "Sorry." She turned her back to her son. She mouthed, 'Oops' to the other adults, and grinned.
Meyer asked Josh, "I meant to ask about that..." He threw his eyes toward Bobby.
"We all know that men will get erections," Josh explained. "It's natural and often beyond our control. You don't get in trouble for having one. You get in trouble for flaunting it.
"You're expected to be discreet. You can cover it with a towel, lie on your stomach, or slip away quietly."
Josh chuckled and said, "There are two cardinal rules that every nudist is expected to follow. Always have a towel and sit on it, and sexual behavior is prohibited."
"Got it. Thanks, Son."
After ten minutes of quiet meditation, Bobby threw off his towel and ran to his sister. They were bobbing in the water. He splashed and dunked them repeatedly as punishment for exposing his hard-on.
Not long after, the group headed home. Everyone went to their rooms to shower.
Ann went first, and Meyer followed. After washing, Meyer turned off the water, grabbed a towel, and dried off.
"That was a fun beach trip," Ann said as she dried her silver hair with a towel. She was standing nude in their bathroom.
"What part?" Meyer teased. "You seeing a thousand naked people or having a thousand people see you nude?"
She made a face and said, "You know what I mean. I'm not a voyeur or an exhibitionist, and our time at the beach wasn't about sex. I can't believe I'm going to say it but being naked allowed me to let my guard down. I was relaxed. I felt everyone else was too. It was a fun day."
"It was fun. Don't get me wrong. There were moments of extreme anxiety, like when I was chastised for not putting enough sunscreen on my penis, and I had to do it under the watchful eye of our daughter and daughter-in-law."
Ann guffawed and said, "Sorry for laughing, but that was funny. You reminded me of a little boy caught misbehaving and being corrected by a stern mother."
They shared a laugh.
Meyer said, "It was a great day. There was a good vibe. We were together, enjoying nature and each other's company. I forgot I was naked."
"Me too!"
"I saw your breasts. I saw Beth's, Belle's, Jen's, Jean's...Breasts of countless women I don't know. But, in a sense, I didn't see them. They were in the background. I didn't spend the day saying, 'Wow! I can see her tits!'. I saw the person. I talked to the person."
"Yes. I know what you mean," Ann said. She hung up the towel and ran a comb through her hair.
Meyer had dried his body and hung his towel. He stood behind her. He lightly put his arms around her waist. He kissed her shoulder. He kissed her neck.
She stopped combing her hair, leaned into him, and sighed, "Mmmm."
He kissed her neck again and raised his hands, cupping her breasts.
She wiggled her bottom and asked, "I feel something back there. Is that what I think it is?"
"Yes, Beautiful. Seeing you casually naked in our bathroom has inspired me. I want to bend you over the counter and have my way with you."
"That sounds like fun," Ann said. She spread her legs, leaned down, and rested on her forearms. Her saggy tits fell to the counter.
Meyer knelt behind her and licked her slit.
"Oh!" she gushed.
Meyer explored her sex with his tongue, and he ran his fingertips lightly up and down her inner thighs.
"You're giving me goosebumps. More tongue. Less tickling."
Meyer followed her directions. He used his hands to caress and squeeze her butt cheeks. He flicked his tongue across her swelling button.
Ann sang out, moaning, gasping, and sighing.
Meyer stood behind his lady and rubbed his bulbous dick head against her weeping pussy. He got it wet and plunged it inside her.
"Ohhh!" they groaned.
He fucked her with forceful strokes.
Ann was shoved forward. There were things on the bathroom counter that got knocked over. One of the items was Ann's electric toothbrush. She stopped it from falling to the floor. Instead of putting it away, she flicked it on and placed its vibrating shaft against her clit.
Meyer pounded his wife, and his wife masturbated with a makeshift vibrator.
"Ohhh!" he cried out as he blasted his cum inside her.
"Ohhhh!" she hollered as she got off.
Meyer collapsed on her. The room was silent as each enjoyed their bliss, except for the buzzing sound of the toothbrush until Ann turned it off.
Still breathing hard, Meyer asked, "Did I make you cum or was it the electric toothbrush turned vibrator?"
She laughed and said, "Are we keeping score now? If this was a basketball game, you'd be credited with the points, and the toothbrush gets an assist."
They laughed, kissed, cleaned up, got in bed, and napped.
^^^
Hours later, Bobby rapped on their door, stuck his head in, and found his grandparents sleeping. They were nude. Meyer was on the far side of the bed on his stomach. He faced the wall. Ann was lying on her back.
Bobby looked in and smiled when he saw that Ann's legs were spread. He came into the room to get a better look at her puddling tits and her sex.
He stayed and studied her pussy for a few minutes. He got a throbbing hard-on in his shorts.
He went back to the door and tapped his knuckles on it again. He saw them stir and wake. "Hi," he said. "Mom's put together a cold buffet if you're hungry."
"Huh. Oh, thanks," Ann said. She noticed he glanced between her legs.
He left and closed the door.
Ann chuckled, shook her head, and said, "Boys will be boys."
"What?" Meyer said. He rolled over and faced her.
"It's dinner time."
He yawned and said, "Good. I'm hungry."
They slipped on their robes and joined the others for dinner. The others were casually dressed or wearing bathrobes. People got a plate, grabbed some food, sat, and ate outside under the stars.
Bobby was quiet and avoided his grandmother for a half hour.
He waited until she was alone, approached her, and said, "I owe you an apology. When I came to tell you about dinner, there was a minute or two that you were asleep, and I took advantage. I looked at your naked body."
He looked contrite and embarrassed.
"Why did you do that?" Ann asked. "I'm old, and you've seen my saggy body. I was naked for hours while we were at the beach."
"At the beach, I saw you. I looked at everyone's body, but I did that in a casual, non-sexual manner," he said.
He grimaced and added. "This was different. This was sexual. I was overwhelmed with an urge to look at you. The appeal was that I could do it in secret. Since you were asleep, you would be unaware. I'm sorry and regret my behavior."
Ann was stunned by his confession. She asked, "Do you do this often to women?"
He shook his head no.
"Have you spied on your sisters or mother?"
"No. Never. I've never had any sexual feelings for them!" He was adamant.
Ann believed him and asked, "Are you familiar with the term voyeur? Some people get sexually aroused seeing unsuspecting people partially dressed, naked, or having sex. I understand the thrill comes not from what they see but because the victim doesn't know they are being spied on.
He nodded and said, "I watch porn. Voyeur videos are my favorite. Am I a sicko?"
"No. Humans have appetites and appreciate different things. You like cheeseburgers. I prefer tuna sandwiches.
"Some people enjoy being tied up or looking at women's feet.
Voyeurism is fairly common. I've seen studies that say that sixty-five percent of men engage in this behavior.
"What consenting adults do in their bedrooms is their business. However, it is unfair to take advantage of people."
"I know. It was eating me up. I had to confess," Bobby said. He looked like he might cry.
Ann believed him, hugged him, and said, "You're a good person. You need to channel your desires so no one gets hurt. Porn is an option. You know, it's like professional wrestling. It's fake, and the participants get paid no matter what they claim."
She pulled back, looked him in the eyes, and said, "The husband of a friend of mine has this interest. They deal with it by roleplaying. The wife plays the unsuspecting prey, and the husband satisfies his urges by catching her in compromising situations: stepping out of the shower, changing her clothes, or sunbathing topless. That sort of thing.
"She pretends not to see him. He pretends he didn't know her. It works for them. Maybe your girlfriend could play along."
"Do you think she would?"
"Does she do things for you?"
"Like what?"
"Does she wear sexy clothes for you? Short dresses, special bras, or lingerie? Does she pleasure you?"
"Huh?" Bobby gave her a blank look.
"You know, with her mouth?
"What?"
An exasperated Ann was blunt. She said, "Does she suck your dick?"
"Yes."
"If she gives you oral sex and dresses up for you, I bet she'd do this for you. Tell her you'd like to play a game. You're a Peeping Tom and she's a college girl sunbathing topless or nude. It's a mild request considering some men want to be peed on or to tie up and torture people.
"Be sure to ask her if there's anything she'd like to bring into your bed. Women have fetishes too.
"Maybe she likes to be spanked or have sex while wearing a blindfold or fluffy pink handcuffs. Lots of people enjoy role-playing. She could be a stewardess, and you could be the handsome airplane captain or she could pretend to be a maid, and you're the rich powerful lord of the manor.
"Bobby, you are not horrible, but you can't use people. People appreciate honesty. If you want a long-term loving relationship, you must be upfront and honest with your partner. You'll find someone who will love you and play games with you."
"Thanks, Nana," the young man said. He hugged her tightly.
"You're welcome."
They parted ways.
Meyer came up to his wife and asked, "That looked like an intense conversation. What was it about?"
"He was looking for some grandmotherly advice about the type of girl to marry."
That answer satisfied her husband.
Ann was alive when Ronald Reagan was president. One phrase he said often was 'Trust, but verify'. That was his approach when dealing with the Soviet Union.
Ann liked Reagan, she liked the phrase, and she thought it was a good motto to live by. During the evening, she talked to the twins about their brother.
"You two and Bobby seem very close," Ann said when she was alone with the sisters.
"Yes," Belle answered.
"You were naughty today, teasing him about his erection, and pulling his towel away to look at it."
"We were wrong to do that," Beth said. "We thought it was a funny harmless prank, but it wasn't. Mom says you should never deliberately embarrass anyone."
"We didn't take his towel to see his penis," Belle said. "We have no interest in his dick. We knew it would embarrass him."
"Does he ever prank you to sneak a peek at your breasts or vagina?"
"No," they answered.
Ann gave them a hard look. They took it to mean a simple one-word answer didn't satisfy their grandmother.
"We have friends who have been spied on or groped by a creepy relative," Beth said.
"Usually it's a step-brother or step-father," Belle explained.
Beth said, "Bobby has never touched or looked at us in a way that made us feel uncomfortable or icky.'
"We don't put up with that crap from anyone," Belle said. "We call guys out when they misbehave. We've slapped guys who cop a feel or pat our bottoms."
"We appreciate your concern," Beth said. She chuckled and added, "Your maternal instincts must have been kicked into overdrive when you learned we are naked around men."
"As you experienced today at the beach, nudism isn't about sex," Belle said. "No one came on to us. Did anyone proposition you?"
"No." Ann laughed and said, "That hasn't happened in decades."
She recalled Bobby's confession and said to herself, "That doesn't count. He wasn't lusting after me. It was the situation that turned him on."
"We've had the talk," Beth said. "Mom's explained to us we need to be careful. Everyone needs to be on guard because some people are bad. She also explained that men are visible creatures, and they will look. Looking is okay, staring and touching is not okay."
"She's also told us about erections. Guys get erections," Belle said. "It happens for sexual and non-sexual reasons. We've seen strangers with boners, boyfriends with boners, and family members with boners."
"An erection is neither good nor bad. It depends on the situation and the man's intent. Sometimes when we have tickle wars or roughhouse with Bobby and Dad, they pop a boner. It's no big deal. They don't want to have sex with us. It's a mechanical response to physical contact."
Belle said, "We appreciate your concern. We've seen our brother, father, Uncle Tom, and Grandpa John naked. We've seen them with erections. There's never been an uncomfortable moment. No sexual innuendos. No being rubbed up against. Nothing."
Ann exhaled and said, "That's great. Thank you for putting my mind at ease."
Ann changed the subject to disguise her interest in Bobby's behavior. She said, "I know I'm old. I couldn't tell you whose music is popular today or anything about current fashions. It seems I'm also out of the loop when it comes to pubic hair.
"I have it, and most of the people, men and women, at the beach don't. Why have you removed your pubic hair?"
"I think it's more hygienic," Beth said. "I feel clean. I like the sleek look. I shave my pits and legs, so why not my pussy?"
"Guys like it," Belle said, "and they're more likely to give you oral sex. Some guys are put off by hair down there."
"That makes sense," Ann said. "I'm thinking about updating my look. Could you help a girl out? Maybe tomorrow?"
"Sure," they answered.
"Great," Ann said. "It's getting late. I'm ready for bed. Where's Meyer?"
Belle giggled and said, "In the corner. It looks like he's fallen asleep."
Ann woke her husband; they went to bed.
^^^
Ann and Meyer were the first people up the next morning. They slipped on their robes and got busy in the kitchen. They made coffee, French toast, and set up a station for their family to assemble egg rancheros.
"Meyer, the heat of the chilis comes from the seeds and inner membrane. Some people don't like hot spicy food. Give me two piles. One with no membrane and seeds and one the way you like it. Be sure to warn everyone!"
"Yes, Ma'am."
The people trickled in. Everyone had coffee and French toast. Some went for the eggs. Josh and Bobby asked for the heat.
"Ann and Meyer, thanks for making breakfast," Jennifer said. She had on a thin cotton tee. Everyone could see the curve of her breasts and her hard nipples through the fabric.
Terry and Jean also had on sleeping tees without underwear. Meyer learned that when they accidentally flashed Meyer. His daughter flashed her pussy when she spread her legs to stand up. Jean showed him a huge cellulose-covered butt cheek.
Belle and Beth looked cute in their rompers. Meyer said to himself, "The twins are definitely braless. It is surprising to see such big boobs on petite women."
The kitchen had a summer sofa to accommodate extra people. Beth got her food and sat on the sofa with a leg folded under her. That caused a leg hole to gap; Meyer saw her tender flesh.
He smiled and thought, "Beth's not wearing panties."
Josh stood and said, "Mom, Dad, thanks for breakfast. The weather report says it will rain after lunch, so how about an easy morning here? We can take it easy and hang out at the pool. I heard the women discussing having a spa morning.
"We'll have lunch out. I'll give you three options for the afternoon a movie, the casino, or a shopping trip. Beth and Belle, the casino is off-limits. I don't care what the tag on your bra says, it's the number on your driver's license that counts, and you're not twenty-one yet."
"Ha. Ha," Belle said. "Give us your credit card; we are perfectly happy shopping.
Beth said, "I bet we will spend less money than you will lose gambling."
The trips were organized. Ubers were reserved with a pickup time of 11:30.
John and Jean planned to have lunch with the shoppers, Beth, Belle, Ann, and Jen. Afterward, they would go to the movie theater which was in the mall.
Bobby, Meyer, Josh, Terry, and Tom signed up to go to the casino.
Terry hollered, "Leave the breakfast dishes for Tom and me."
"Thanks," everyone hollered back.
Beth and Belle went to Ann and said, "We're doing mani's and pedi's and hair removal on the screened-in porch. Are you still interested in cleaning up down there?" She pointed at the old woman's crotch.
"Yes," Ann said.
"Gramps, how about you?"
"I don't paint my nails."
"May I be blunt?" Belle asked.
He nodded.
"You stood out at the beach because of your hairy body. We're offering a makeover. If you're not ready for the works, let me shave your back. You make gorillas look neat and trim."
"If you say yes," Beth said, "we'll throw in a free massage."
"Well..." Meyer equivocated.
"He'll do it," Ann said. "No one should have hair on their back."
"Come with us," Belle said.
She led them to the pool and said, "Strip and jump in. The water will soften your hair and make it easier to remove."
"How are you going to do it?" Meyer asked as he slipped off his robe and exposed his naked body with his three-inch long limp dick to his granddaughters. "I've seen videos of people screaming in pain when they are waxed."
"Waxing lasts longer, but it hurts like a mother-fucker," Beth said. "We shave. It's simple and effective."
"Shaving is painless," Belle. "Your back is flat and easy to shave. I promise it won't hurt. Now, in you go. We'll get our supplies and come for you in ten minutes."
Ann and Meyer jumped into the pool and paddled about.
Bobby and Josh came out, grabbed some of the lounge chairs, and took them to the porch. Bobby came back and said, "The twins are ready for you."
He removed his clothes and applied sunscreen to his bronze body.
Ann looked at her grandson's nude body. Her eyes were drawn to his semi-hard penis, and she said, "Meyer, doesn't he look good? He has a great tan, and the only body hair he has is on his legs. You should let them remove all your hair."
"I'm sixty-seven," he said. "I'm not going to look like him."
"But you could be as neat and clean."
"Do you want me to remove the hair around my penis?"
"You should consider it. Almost everyone at Haulover Beach had no pubic hair. It was a good look. I'm having mine removed."
Meyer's eyes grew big. He was astonished. Ann chuckled and said, "I'm glad I can still surprise you."
The old folks climbed the steps and exited the pool. They reached for a towel.
Bobby said, "Don't dry off if they are going to shave you."
"Oh, okay," Ann said.
They entered the porch. The twins were waiting for them with big smiles and nothing else. By that I mean they were nude.
"Come in. Come in," they beckoned.
Beth and Belle looked great. They were tanned and fit. Their big tits looked huge on their short, petite bodies.
Beth said, "Poppop, we'll do you first. Lay on the lounge, we'll put shaving cream on you, and shave your back. Okay?
"I guess so," he grumbled.
The young women did what they said and, working together in five or six minutes they had done his back. They rinsed him off and applied lotion. They took their time. It was half massaged and half applying lotion.
"Oh," he moaned. "The massage feels great."
"We're glad you enjoyed it," Belle said.
"How about you flip over and let us do the front?" Beth said. "Your pubic hair is long and shaggy. Let us clean you up."
"Okay. If Ann's doing it, I'll do it."
"Great," Belle said. "The process is the same, but since the geography is more challenging we will be touching your genitals. Okay?"
"Yes. I expected that. If I die of embarrassment, I want to be buried back home."
Ann and the twins laughed.
The girls got to work. They sprinkled water on the area and applied shaving cream.
Meyer had underestimated how much rubbing and handling would be involved. His member began to grow turgid. He panicked and said, "Wait! Stop!"
"We've barely started," Belle said.
Beth whispered, "He's getting hard." She showed Ann and her sister his swelling penis.
"Gramps, don't be embarrassed about your erection. It's normal and, in fact, helpful. It makes it easier for us to shave you. You can imagine it would be a nightmare to try and shave a soft squishy object.
"This happens to Dad and Bobby every time," Beth said.
"You've shaved your father and brother?" He sounded like he might be having a stroke.
"Yes. Sometimes Mom does it; sometimes we do. A guy can shave his belly and shaft. He can't do his balls without risking a major accident."
"Can you let my wife take over?"
The twins looked at Ann. She said, "They're the pros. Let them do it."
Beth held his five-and-a-half-inch-long shaft in her hand and asked, "Can we finish?"
"I guess so," he sounded like a man on death row who was being told the date of his execution.
The twins went to work. They were efficient. His shaft was grabbed, squeezed, and tugged. Shaving his belly and upper thighs were simple. The complicated landscape was his scrotum; they saved it for last.
Beth pulled the skin of his scrotum taut and shaved. Belle held his shaft, keeping it out of the way. Beth stretched the soft wrinkled sack so it could be safely shaved.
"Oh," Meyer groaned from embarrassment. His cock was rock-hard and in the hands of his naked granddaughter. It throbbed.
Belle noticed the surge of blood and unconsciously gripped his unit harder, concerned that it might get away from her.
It was the longest, most embarrassing five minutes of Meyer's life.
When the twins were done, they rinsed and wiped the shaving cream away. Everyone gazed upon the biggest erection Meyer had had in years.
"Looking good, Grandpa," Belle said.
Beth giggled at the double entendre. So did Ann.
"Thank God that's over," a red-faced Meyer said. He covered his cock with his hands.
"Almost," Belle said. "Get up on your hands and knees. It's just a couple of swipes more.
He did as they asked and grumbled, "I thought you did my testicles."
Beth said, "We did, and your perineum." She rubbed shaving gel on his butt. Belle shaved him.
Beth tapped on his knees and had him spread his legs. She applied gel to his butt crack and held his cheeks apart as her sister swiped the area around his anus.
"For the love of God!" Meyer cried out. "Is there no end to this humiliating process?"
"Yes. We are done shaving," Belle said as she rubbed his back.
His dick hung away from his body. It was swollen and rigid. The tip was shiny from the emission of pre-cum. Beth looked at Ann, pointed to her husband's cock, and mouthed, "Nice!"
"Gramps, the final step is to apply lotion," Belle said. "Beth and I don't want to embarrass you more. You can do it. Or maybe you and Nana can retire to your room, and she can do it and bring a happy ending to this stressful event."
Beth had another giggle fit and murmured, "Happy ending!"
Ann went to Meyer, helped him stand, and said, "Belle, I think that's a good idea."
They went to their room, and Meyer said, "I've never been more embarrassed. My granddaughters were handling my junk!"
"They did a fine job shaving you," Ann said. She sat on the bed and said, "Don't waste time ranting and raving..."
"Yes. It's over. There's nothing I can do about it now," Meyer said. He sat beside her.
"Kiss me, you fool."
"Huh?"
She grabbed his cock and said, "Their efforts gave you the biggest
erection you've had in years! Stop complaining and fuck me!"
"What? Oh."
She pounced on him, and they kissed. He sucked her saggy tits and ate her hair pie while she stroked and squeezed his shaft to maintain his erection.
"I'm wet enough. Put your cock inside me!"
Meyer mounted his wife and thrust. He slid the biggest, thickest erection he'd had in years into the Mrs.
"Ohhh. What a stretch! Thank you, God!" she hollered.
"Ohhh!" he groaned.
They rutted like newlyweds. Ann insisted on finishing on top. She was afraid he'd blow his cork. She was determined to orgasm after enjoying his magnificent cock.
She said to herself, "I'm grinding my clit on his pubis bone or masturbating in front of him if I have to, to get off."
Surprisingly, they can simultaneously, like they often did in the old days.
Ann slid off him as fire flew through her veins, and her consciousness was transported elsewhere.
Meyer felt light-headed and joyful.
The old farts were covered with sweat and gasping for air.
After a few minutes, Ann began to laugh. She said, "That was the best sex I've had in a long time! That was the cock that thrilled me on our honeymoon."
"It was great. Who knew I was capable of that?"
"Come on, old man. Let's hop in the shower and clean up. You need to get lotion on your sleek, hairless genitals. You turn the water on while I pee."
They shared a shower. First, they washed, then Meyer decided to hold, squeeze, and fondle her boobs under the pretext of cleaning them.
"Mmm," she cooed. She teased him saying, "You know, no matter how much you play with them, they'll never be the size of the twins' breasts."
"Our granddaughters are well-endowed. I kinda like these. You've let me enjoy them for fifty-five years. They're perfect for me."
"Good answer," she barked. "I guess you're not senile yet."
They laughed, rinsed, and got out of the shower. Ann put lotion on her skin. Meyer put lotion on his freshly shaved groin. He said, "You know, being hairless is nice. Everything is soft, and there's no gray hair to remind me that I'm as old as dirt."
^^^
After Terry and Tom did the dishes and cleaned the kitchen, they went toward the screened porch. Through the doorway, they saw the twins shaving Meyer's crotch.
"Woah!" Terry said. She stopped short and said, "Seeing Dad naked is one thing. Seeing him with an erection is a step too far."
She turned around on her heels, and they went to the pool through a door off the kitchen.
The pair stripped and lay on lounges. Tom had an erection.
"Are erections contagious? First Dad, and now you. Cover up or better yet jump into the pool and lose that thing, and I won't ask why you have a hard-on."
"It's you, my love," he kissed her cheek and copped a feel, placing a hand on her breast. They both knew it was from seeing the twins handling Meyer's penis.
Tom got up and hopped into the pool. He surfaced, brushed wet hair out of his face, and held onto the edge of the pool. They talked about their upcoming trip to the casino while his erection faded away.
^^^
Jean and John joined Terry and Tom at the pool. They shed their clothes, applied sunscreen, and reclined on a lounge chair. The couples chatted amicably.
John glanced at the fit young woman's body occasionally. Tom reminded himself constantly that he should only make eye contact with the obese woman.
^^^
After breakfast, Josh and Jen hung around long enough to see their twins shaving Meyer's back.
"They've got this," Josh said. "How about a quickie?"
Jen looked at her handsome husband, nodded, and said, "Why not? We're on vacation. I've got nothing scheduled. You?"
"My calendar shows I am free until 11:30."
"Then you have time for more than a quickie."
Josh grabbed his wife's hand and pulled her into their bedroom. They kissed and stripped and kissed some more. They made it to the bed and kissed and caressed until Josh slid down so he could suck on his wife's breasts. Jen had big dark sensitive nipples perfect for sucking.
"Mmmm. Ahhh," she cooed as she held his head to her chest.
She repaid his breast love by sucking his dick.
"Wow. That never gets old," Josh said, "but we can do better."
He lay on his back and guided her into girl-on-top sixty-nine. They moaned and groaned as they were serviced and they serviced their partner.
"What number are we on?" Josh asked.
"It's early days. I think we stopped at number twelve."
Josh opened the nightstand's drawer and pulled out a paperback book titled, "One Hundred Sex Positions to Try on Vacation". He flipped to the bookmark and said, "You're correct."
He looked at the picture for number thirteen and said, "We're in bed. You're on your back. You rest your ankles on my shoulders while I kneel and fuck you."
Jen giggled and got into position. Josh slipped his Johnson inside her, and said, "This allows for deep penetration."
"Ohhh," she moaned. "I can't do much more than rock. Mmmm. Your cock is rubbing my G-spot."
They fucked that way for a bit.
"What's fourteen?" Jennifer asked.
Josh paused, checked the book, and showed her the picture. He said, "It's called 'Tush Tush'. We're in the missionary position. I am in your ass, and you're supposed to put your hands on my bum, and you can play around with my butt hole."
Josh put the book aside and said, "Darling, have you ever wanted to stick your finger or a sex toy in my ass?"
"No," she answered and laughed. "And I don't like anal sex because you're too big."
"I've never regretted that you haven't shoved something in my ass. We're skipping that one," Josh said. He turned the page, showed her the picture, and said, "This one is worth trying."
"Okay."
Josh stood on the floor and helped his wife scoot so her butt was at the edge of the bed. She lifted her legs. He put her ankles on her shoulder again and slid his cock into her.
"Don't worry," he said. "Every other position doesn't require you to put your leg straight up in the air." He shoved his cock inside her again and said, " I like the view. Honey, your tits look fabulous."
"Oh!" she moaned as he sawed in and out of her. "This is another position where I can't do much. It's you plowing me at a different angle."
They gave it a couple of minutes and moved on.
"Number sixteen," Josh said as he opened the book. He found it and said, "I think you'll like the next one. It's called 'Rocking Horse'. He showed her the picture and read aloud the summary.
The rocking horse is a fave for G-spot stimulation and intimate eye contact. Both participants are seated. The woman sits between her penetrating partner's legs, with her legs just short of wrapped around her guy. You both rock into each other. The female can control the depth of penetration, and the man can hold his partner super close.
They aligned themselves as instructed, and Josh said, "I could gaze into your eyes forever." His hands were on her lower back. He couldn't thrust into her so he pulled her toward him, and his dick slid inside her.
Jen had her hands on the floor behind her. She lifted her butt and pushed into his penis. She also provided the outward motion.
It was a gentle coupling. They kissed and looked into each other's eyes. Her tits were practically in his face. Josh enjoyed looking at them. He leaned his head down and kissed and nuzzled them. Sucking on her nipples wasn't possible. Her full breasts sagged, putting her nipples out of his reach.
"Oh," Jen moaned. "I like this one. I can see your face, and I can make your cock rub my G-spot."
"Ah," he groaned. "I like this one too. I'm in my wife, and I can see her smile. I can see her breasts, and I can see the expression of joy on her face as she rides my cock."
They stayed in this position. Their arousal grew and grew. Dams burst. They hollered as they orgasmed.
Jen tucked her legs and came forward. She lay on Josh, and he held her tightly.
^^^
Ann and Meyer walked naked to the screen porch. Bobby was standing and shaving his belly and shaft. He had a very nice erection. The twins sat nearby watching him.
Ann and Meyer sat.
Bobby said to his sisters, "I've shaved as much as I dare. Can you do my ball sack?"
"Sure," Belle said, giggled, and added, "What else are sisters for."
The kids laughed at the joke.
Beth put gel on her hand. She held her brother's cock for stability and rubbed the shaving gel on his scrotum. She wiped her hands clean and became the 'tugger". She pulled on Bobby's sac, giving her sister a shaveable surface.
They went to work. Grab-pull-shave. Grab-pull-shave. They worked quickly and quietly.
When the job was done, both sisters caressed Bobby's sack, shaft, and lower abdomen, searching for hairs that were missed. Their brother didn't moan or groan. His dick throbbed and, at times, lurched.
They found some stray hairs and eliminated them.
"All done," Belle declared.
"Thanks, B & B."
They handed him a bottle of lotion, and he went to his bedroom. Beth looked at Meyer and Ann and said in a stage whisper, "Mom says we shouldn't apply the after-shave lotion. It's too much like a handjob."
"As a precaution," Belle said, "Bobby puts the lotion on in his room."
Beth mimicked an old sailor's voice and said, "There she blows!" She threw her hands up in the air as if a huge explosion had taken place. She had a giggle fit.
Ann couldn't stop herself; she laughed.
"Ready for your turn?" Belle asked.
"Yes. How do you want me?" Ann asked.
"Recline on a lounger and spread your legs."
Ann got into position. The nude twins got on either side of her and went to work. They cut off the long hairs and shaved the short ones. They worked quickly.
They had her get on her hands and knees and shaved around her anus.
Meyer's cum seeped out of her vagina. Beth noticed it and whispered to her sister, "I told you they'd have sex. No woman would pass up on that thick cock."
Belle giggled and answered quietly, "It's good to know we will be having sex for the next forty-seven years."
"What's that?" Ann asked.
Belle wiped the cum drip away and said, "Nothing. We're talking about future plans. We're done. You look great. You can apply the lotion here or in your room."
"Thank you, girls," Ann said. She checked her bare pussy out in the mirror, giggled, and said, "It's odd seeing my flesh. I've had hair down there for a long long time."
She rubbed lotion on her belly, pussy, and bum.
All women sat around the screened porch naked and gave each other manicures and pedicures.
They sipped Josh's cocktails through straws and talked, waiting for the nail polish to dry.
They guys found things to do. Meyer read online articles about how to win at gambling.
Everyone dressed. They hopped into their Uber and went to their destination.
John and Jean had lunch with the shopping crowd. Afterward, they went to a movie; the others went shopping.
The gamblers had lunch and then hit the casino. They had big wins and bad busts. Meyer's online strategies failed him. He lost the hundred bucks he allocated for the trip.
Terry won a nice chunk of cash on the slots. Josh was successful at playing poker. The others lost money.
Ubers took everyone home. They dined on Chinese take-out and drank wine.
The gamblers told their tails of victories and defeats. The shoppers showed off the bargains or pretty things they had purchased.
They ended up sitting outside naked around the pool, drinking, talking, laughing, and enjoying the night sky.
^^^
The next morning at breakfast, Josh said, "The weather is going to be great today."
"Beach! Beach! Beach!" Belle, Bobby, and Beth chanted.
The grown-ups laughed and agreed a hot sunny day should be spent at Haulover Beach.
They rode in Ubers to the beach, found a great spot, and oiled up. Everyone was naked and helped the others apply sunscreen.
As Meyer put the lotion on his crotch, he thought, "I don't think I'll ever get used to rubbing lotion on my dick in public. At Least this time, the lotion police aren't supervising me."
He glanced at Terry and Jennifer and was thankful to see they were engaged in conversations with their husbands. His eyes wandered to his granddaughters, and he saw they were rubbing lotion on their pussies.
They were diligent. The beautiful young women had spread their legs and put their right foot out so they had good access to their vaginas. Their hands were in deep, and they were looking down to be sure their pretty pussies were properly protected.
"Oh, no!" Meyer shouted in his head as he felt his penis begin to harden. He took off and ran to the ocean. The beachgoers in front of him saw an agitated man with half a hardon sprint to the water. His family saw his legs pistoning up and down and his naked backside.
Terry said, "Mom, what's got into Dad?"
Ann looked up. She had been putting lotion on her body. She saw Meyer dive into the ocean. She looked around at the twins. Beth was rubbing lotion on her vag. Belle was applying lotion to her bum.
Ann thought, "Seeing them touching themselves could have caused a problem." Out loud she said, "I don't know. Is there a prize for the first one into the water?"
The others chuckled. Bobby and the twins ran and joined him.
Ann followed, walking. She caught up with her husband. They bobbed in the ocean. She asked, "Why did you run away?"
"I felt..." Meyer paused, his face turned red, and he said, "I felt an erection developing."
"You did the right thing," his wife assured him.
The Bone family did the usual beach things.
After lunch, the kids were invited by others their ages to play volleyball and frisbee football. They had a blast.
Afterward, Carl, a rugged-looking rising Junior attending the University of Miami asked Belle, Bobby, and Beth, "Are you thirsty?"
"Yes."
"Beer, okay?"
"I thought alcohol was prohibited," Bobby said.
"It is, but if you're not rowdy or blatant about it, like walk around with a beer in your hand, they let it slide," Carl said. They went over to his cooler. Carl poured the beers into plastic cups and handed them out.
They drank.
A slim nude blonde came over and asked, "Carl, got one for me?"
"Sure, Summer."
Bobby looked her over and thought, "Her face is almost pretty. Something's off. Are her eyes too small or too wide apart? Or maybe it's her nose. My God! She has the biggest nipples I've ever seen. Her breasts are small, her areolas are large, and her nipples...there as thick as my thumb and over an inch long."
Introductions were made. They chatted.
"So these cuties are your sisters," Summer said. She moved closer to Bobby and dragged her hard gigantic left nipple across his arm.
Carl said, "The group that played volleyball is going to a club tonight. You should join us." He looked at the twins and smiled.
"That sounds like fun," Beth responded. "But we're only twenty."
He lowered his eyes, looked at their breasts, and said, "You look all grown up to me. Wear something low-cut. I can get you in."
The twins smiled.
"How about you, Bobby?" Summer asked. She pressed her nipple against his arm again.
"Please!" the twins begged. They knew their parents wouldn't allow them to go out without their brother being there.
Bobby moved away from Summer and said, "Okay. We'll tell our parents it's a small party. Carl, it'll help if you meet our parents."
"Glad to."
"Summer," Bobby said. "I don't want to lead you on. I have a girlfriend back home. We're serious."
"Lucky, girl," Summer said. She moved away, drained her cup, and left.
"She was a sure thing, Man," Carl said, "but to each their own. I need to leave soon. Let's go say hi to your folks."
They downed their beers. While they walked, they exchanged contact info. Carl said, "I'll text you the address and meet you at the door at ten o'clock, okay?"
The twins nodded.
Beth introduced Carl to her parents. Carl was polite and shook Josh's hand firmly. He did not check out Jennifer or any of the other women. In the short conversation, he mentioned that he was an honor roll student at the University of Miami.
"Please, Mom and Dad," Belle begged. "Bobby will be there. We won't be home too late."
"Okay," Josh said.
His girls jumped on him, hugging him tightly.
After Carl left, Josh went up to Bobby and said, "They are good girls. Can I count on you to keep an eye on them?"
"Yes. I'm not planning on partying hard. I promised Mary I'd behave."
"Good." Josh slapped him on the shoulder.
The kids joined the adults and lay in the sun.
Meyer asked Ann, "Having a good time?"
"Yes, I am. Who would ever have thought that you and I would be relaxing naked on a nude beach?"
"Ha," he laughed. "Yeah. It is surprisingly enjoyable. I figure four hundred and thirty-four people have seen us nude today."
"Let's get that number over five hundred."
She stood, offered her husband her hand, and said, "Let's go for a walk."
The pair walked hand-in-hand on the wet sand near where the last bit of ocean water reached. They passed many people making a similar pilgrimage, not to mention hundreds sitting, standing, and reclining on the dry sand.
"Oh," Meyer teased, "What would the ladies at your bridge club think if they could see you now?"
"I'm about to find out."
Ann plastered a smile on her face and said loudly to the back of a shapely middle-aged woman with short hair, "Hello, Sally. Small world."
The woman turned, looked flustered, blushed, and said, "Ann, what a surprise."
The woman turned quickly, causing the three small pearls dangling on a silver chain attached to her nipple rings to swing. The woman raised an arm to cover her pierced nipples. She brought her legs together, but not before Ann and Meyer saw that she'd had her labia pierced.
"Yes," Ann said as she scanned the other woman's nude body. She had a full tan and a hairless crotch. She didn't see any more piercings.
"Nice tan," Ann said pleasantly. "Meyer and I are working on ours. This is our second visit to Haulover. Your nipple decorations are pretty."
"Ah...Ah," the woman stammered.
A naked man walked up to Sally, handed her a bottle, and said, "Honey, here's your water."
He saw the couple with her, did a double take, and said, "Ann, Meyer! Err...Nice to see you."
"Hello, Sam," Ann said.
Each party looked at the other. They were all nude with hairless crotches. Sam and Sally looked at Meyer's small flaccid penis and Ann's droopy boobs.
Ann and Meyer stared at Sally's nipple jewelry and Sam's Prince Albert piercing.
Meyer pointed to the other man's dick. It had a silver ring with a ball through the head of his penis. He said, "That had to hurt."
"Err. A little," he conceded. He leaned in and whispered, "The wife loves it."
"So you're new to the naturalist scene," Sally said. She dropped her arm and bravely bared her body.
"Yes," Ann replied. "We came to Florida to vacation with our son and his family and our daughter and her husband."
"Nice."
"We're having a lovely time," Ann said and smiled. "It turns out this is their favorite beach."
Sam scanned Ann from head to toe, smiled, and said, "So you tried it and liked it. Being nude is the best way to experience the beach."
"You're right," Ann said. She made no attempt at hiding her nude body.
"Sally and I have been practicing nudism for years. We come to Haulover Beach at least once a year. You know, there are nudist events back home."
"They're more of us than you would guess," Sally said and winked.
"Invite us to the next event," Ann said. "I have a feeling this is more than a crazy vacation fling."
"Will do," Sally said. "We need to run. Talk to you soon."
"Nice to see you," Sam said. He gave Ann's shaved pussy one more glance.
They left.
When they were out of earshot, Meyer said, "I'm not getting my penis pierced."
"And I'm not getting my bits pierced either," Ann said.
"Good," Meyer said. "Let's head back before we meet any more people we know."
^^^
The Bone group caught Ubers and returned home. They cleaned up and rested before going out to dinner.
They went to a Cuban restaurant and had a smorgasbord of traditional Cuban foods.
Meyer was particularly taken with the fried plantains. He ate a bite and said to his son, "Mmmm. This is good. Is this some kind of Cuban banana?"
Josh chuckled. His dad was a meat and potatoes guy. He said, "They're called plantains. They're in the banana family and grow in Asia and Central America."
^^^
They returned home, and Josh made another summer cocktail. The kids got ready for their party.
"Let's sit by the pool and enjoy our drinks and the stars," Jennifer said.
The adults followed her outside. Meyer fanned himself and said, "I expected it to be humid during the day but not at night. The temperature in what? Mid-seventies. This should be a great night."
"The humidity is probably seventy percent. That's twenty percent too high," Tom said. He placed his drink on a table, unbuttoned his shirt, and said, "Nudity is the solution."
"Ha!" Josh laughed. "You can't sweat on your clothes if you're not wearing any clothes." He began to undress.
"Unzip me," Jennifer said to her husband. "This dress is too nice to sweat on."
The others concurred. They all stripped naked, lay on lounge chairs, and sipped their cocktails.
Bobby and the twins came out. He said, "I thought we were the ones going to a party."
The adults laughed.
The Uber arrived, and the kids left.
"Can you get a moon tan?" Jean asked.
"Good question," Terry said. "It is sunlight. Reflected sunlight."
"I suggest a battle of the moons," John said. He had been lying face-up on his chair. He rolled over and pushed his butt toward the sky.
Everyone laughed.
Meyer stood. His little unit dangled, and he said, "Josh, show me how to make this drink. I believe everyone is ready for another round."
"Sure, Pops."
A fresh batch was made and dispensed. Someone turned some music on, and everyone danced cheek-to-cheek with their spouse. The inevitable happened.
"Hello there," Jennifer said when she was prodded by her husband's erection.
The others looked her way and saw Josh's cock.
"Goodnight," Josh said, and he whisked his wife away.
The others continued to dance until Terry giggled and said, "Mr. Big, I didn't know you were coming by tonight."
Tom playfully slapped her tush and said, "With an ass this fine, it was bound to happen."
"Come then," Terry said. "Let's find a quiet place."
"Good night, folks," Tom said as he escorted his lady to their room. His big dick pointed the way.
"He's well endowed, isn't he?" Jean said what the others were thinking.
The two elderly couplings danced until the song ended, said goodnight, and went to their rooms. They did their nightly routines, got into bed, and kissed.
"Are you disappointed that I don't have a ten-inch-long erection?" Meyer asked Ann.
"Goodness no!" she said and laughed. "Tom's isn't that big. He's bigger than average. Good for them. I'm happy with you. I always have been. Are you upset my boobs aren't as big as the twins'?"
"No."
"I guess that's why we've been married for fifty-five years."
^^^Day 5^^^
Ann and Meyer woke early and went into the kitchen. As they were making coffee, John and Jean came in. They were carrying towels. They covered a kitchen chair and sat.
Meyer chuckled and said, "You can't sleep in either? I'm making coffee. Ann's making a southwestern omelet. We have plenty."
"Thanks. That would be nice," Jean said.
John said, "I worked the first shift at the factory for thirty years. After all those years of rising early, I cannot sleep in."
"It's funny how habits develop," Meyer said. "Before this trip, Ann and I never walked around naked, and look at us now. Naked as the day we were born!"
"Us neither," Jean said. She laughed. Her boobs shook.
"Now wearing clothes feels funny," John said. "And carrying around a towel to sit on is second nature."
They laughed, ate breakfast, and sunbathed nude for an hour before anyone else showed up.
The couples were on opposite sides of the pool, reclining on the chaise lounges. Meyer was across from Jean.
"Is it my imagination," he thought, "or is she purposely showing me her pussy? Whether she's face up or face down, her legs are spread, and I can see everything down there. I turn away, and when I look her way, her slit and labia greet me."
Ann rolled over onto her back. She sighed heavily and said, "John and Jean, I feel like I need to apologize."
"About what?" John asked.
"I can't help but flash my cooch." Her face turned red. "It seems, whatever position I'm in, I can't keep my legs closed. I get hot and open them. I doze off and wake up to find them open. I'm sorry."
"I feel the same way," Jean said, and she laughed. "I can't keep my chubby thighs together."
They laughed.
John said, "Seeing women naked is not a hardship. Seeing your bits is fun. What about you, Meyer? Do you object to getting an intimate view of these lovely naked women?"
"Nope."
"Good," Ann said. "That's reassuring. Since I have your blessing..." Ann raised her knees and spread her legs, brutally exposing her hairless vulva.
She said, "At the beach, I saw people with beautiful all-over tans. I want one. I don't want to be tanned everywhere except by my vagina. Am I crazy, or would having a white spot down there be like having a spotlight shining on my crotch? I worry that it would catch people's eyes, causing everyone to look at my vagina."
"I wondered that too," Jean said. She raised her knees and spread her legs, and laughed. "If Sister Mary Margarette could see me now, she'd have a stroke!"
The women rubbed suntan lotion on their pussies.
The guys rolled over onto their stomachs to hide their erections.
^^^
Jen woke and found her husband's penis pressing against her bottom.
"Mmmm," she sighed. She rolled over and kissed Josh, waking him.
"Hi, Honey," he said. He grabbed a handful of her hair and kissed her hard.
"Oh! I like that," she said when he pulled away. "I suppose you want to stick your hard cock inside me?"
"Yes."
"What number are we on?"
"I think number twenty-six," Josh said. He grabbed the book off the nightstand, opened it to the bookmark, and said, "Last time we did 'The Ballet Dancer'."
"Right," Jen said. "Lucky for you I'm flexible. I stood on one foot, placed the other on your shoulder, and we fucked standing up. So what's next?"
"It's called 'The Passion flower'. I sit on a chair. You put your ankles over my shoulders and your hands on my knees. Your butt is in the air. You swing or rock into me. I can hold your butt or thighs and pull you into me."
"Is there one we can do in bed?"
"Yes. Number 27. It's called 'The Speed Bump'. You lie on your stomach. We put a pillow under your hips, and I lie on top of you. You can have your legs together for a tighter hole or apart to allow for deeper penetration."
"Okay," Jen said. "My legs will be spread. I want deep penetration."
She grabbed a pillow and elevated her ass. Josh ate her sweet pussy until she was wet and ready. He climbed on top and thrust into her.
"Oh!" she moaned.
"Nice," Josh murmured.
They enjoyed this simple position.
"Let's try another position," Jen said.
Josh got off her, looked at the book, and said, "Next is 'The Pretzel-dip'. It's a variation on scissoring. You lie on your side with one leg up. I kneel, straddling the bottom leg. I scoot close enough that I can enter you.
"I'll grab your upper leg so you don't get tired holding it up in the air. It'll allow me to pull you close to me and drive my dick in deep."
"I like deep," Jen said.
They rearranged themselves and soon were huffing and puffing and moaning and groaning.
"Oh!" Josh moaned as he shot his load. He released her leg.
Jen lay on her back and masturbated until she climaxed.
^^^
Tom and Terry rolled out of bed and went into the kitchen. Jen and Josh joined them. The young nude adults had breakfast and, clutching cups of coffee, came to the pool.
"What's going on?" Josh asked as he surveyed the pool scene.
^^^Minutes before^^^
"Babe," John said as he sat up. "I applaud your effort to get an all-over tan. There's another part of you that the sun is missing. You too, Ann."
John looked at Meyer and said, "Meyer, our ladies need our help."
John stood and tossed his towel on the concrete behind his wife's chair. He knelt on the towel, reached over, cupped his wife's breasts, and stood them up.
"Ah. What are you doing?" Jean asked, concerned about being groped in public.
John didn't let go of her boobs. He said, "The sun can't hit the underside of your boobs or that part of your stomach they rest on. Your once perky breasts are sagging and creating this blind spot."
"Oh, I see," Jean tittered. "And you're only too happy to lend me a hand."
"For science," John teased. "Meyer, do you want your wife to be stigmatized by underboob whiteness?"
"Of course not," Meyer said. He dropped his towel on the concrete, knelt behind Ann, and gave her boobs a lift and a gentle squeeze.
Ann laughed.
^^^back to the present^^^
Josh gave the elders a questioning look.
"We're tanning the underside of our breasts," Jean said.
"We want the nice all-over tan that Jen and Terry have," Ann said, "but our bodies are not cooperating. The sun can't get to the south side of our breasts because they sag."
John smiled, shook Jean's hefty bosom, and said, "The girls needed a hand, and we are providing it so they won't have any non-tanned spots."
All the sexagenarians were smiling. Meyer and John were sporting woodies.
Tom slid behind Terry and cupped her breasts.
"Ah!" she squealed.
"Am I doing the procedure properly?" Tom asked. He squeezed her breasts and ran his thumbs over her stiff nips.
"This sounds like an important issue," Josh said in a teasing manner. "I'm all for supporting women." He got behind Jen and scooped up her ample breasts with his hands.
"Hey. Careful with the girls," Jen said, grinning.
The women acquiesced and allowed their husbands to fondle their breasts. The men delighted in the softness of the breasts and the rigidity of their nipples.
All the men had erections.
Bobby and the twins stepped out onto the patio and saw the grownups.
They noted all the men had erections.
Beth said, "What's going on? It looks like Bonerville out here."
John quickly explained and admitted they were being silly.
Jen stepped out of her husband's embrace and said, "Okay, guys. The game is over. Time for you to cool off. Into the pool."
Tom, Meyer, Josh, and John jumped into the pool. Their erections melted away.
"Girls, it's nearly noon," Jennifer said. "What time did you get in?"
"Two-thirty," Belle said sheepishly.
"We had a good time," Beth said. She sat down heavily on Ann's chair.
Ann brushed the long black hair away from the young, nude woman's face and said, "Dear, you look exhausted. Lay with me."
Ann moved over, and the twenty-year-old stretched out beside her. The older woman spooned her granddaughter.
"Poppop, do you mind if I take your chair?" Belle asked.
"You look like you need it more than me."
Belle reclined on the empty lounge and crossed her ankles. She closed her eyes.
Terry playfully punched Bobby in the arm and asked, "How come you don't look like something the cat dragged in?"
"They danced all night long. I was only there as a chaperone."
"You're a good brother," Terry said. She gave him a quick hug. "I wish I had been so lucky."
"I heard that," Josh said. "I was nice enough to include you on this vacation."
"Yes, you did, Bro. Do you want a hug too?"
He nodded.
Terry pressed her bare breasts against her brother's chest and gave him a long hug. She sighed and said, "You were a good brother. You warned me about my first husband, but I was too smitten to listen."
Josh held her tightly. They shared a smile when they parted.
Tom asked, "So any plans for today?"
"The girls look down for the count," Josh said. "How about an offshore fishing trip? A charter boat holds six."
"Isn't it better to fish in the morning?" John asked.
"It is for schooling fish, like mackerel and king fish, but there are a lot of fish in the ocean, and they all have to eat. We'll have beer, a boat, and sea breezes. What more could you ask for?
"My grandfather swore that there was no such thing as a bad day fishing."
"Dad said that often," Meyer agreed.
John, Tom, Bobby, Meyer, Josh, and Terry signed up for the fishing trip. Ann and Jen volunteered to stay home to look after the twins.
Phone calls were made. The fisherman got dressed and ate lunch while waiting for their Uber to arrive.
They were dropped off at the marina and boarded a ship named 'Lucky Strikes'' and headed offshore. They fished in deep water and around shipwrecks. Lies were told, bets were made, beer was drunk, and fish were caught.
No one caught any swordfish, Goliath Groupers, or large tunas. They did get blackfin tunas, red groupers, and some mahi-mahi. The blackfin tunas put up a hell of a fight
The gang decided to bring a few of the mahi-mahi home for dinner.
John grilled the fish, Jennifer made the side dishes, and Josh concocted another high-octane summer cocktail. Dinner was delicious and noisy. There were stories, lots of good-natured ribbing, and some outright fabrication.
Tom was accused of bending the truth. Josh said, "There are three kinds of lies: lies, damn lies, and Tom's tall tales."
The crowd laughed.
"I object," Tom said. He stood unsteadily. He'd had a few cocktails. He said, "I was born in Missouri, and I follow the advice of the great writer from the 'Show me' state, Mark Twain. He said, "Never let the truth get in the way of a good story!"
"I may have fabricated a few details, but it was for a good cause: to entertain you!"
The boos and laughter drowned him out. Tom threw up his hands and sat down.
Bed soon followed for everyone.
Ann climbed into bed, kissed Meyer, and asked, "Did you have fun today?"
"Yes. The fishing trip was a lot of fun. You?"
"It was a quiet afternoon. I fussed over the twins. It reminded me of when our kids were little. It was nice. Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
^^^
Jean and John were busy in the kitchen when Ann and Meyer walked in. The four of them were naked. Jean and John were heavy; their bodies looked round and soft.
Ann and Meyer were slim. Still, their body parts managed to sag. Ann's breasts hung down four inches below where they were on her wedding night.
John looked at the women and their sagging breasts and wondered, "Why is it that Ann's nipples face forward and Jean's face the ground?"
The temperature was already seventy-five degrees. Meyer liked the heat. It eased his arthritis. He glanced at John's penis, and saw a healthy thickness and wondered, "Why isn't my dick longer and thicker? When something is cold, it constricts. When something is hot, it swells and expands. Right?"
He looked at his thin three-inch-long penis and shouted at it in his head, "Hey, dummy! You're defying the laws of physics."
What he didn't know was that a minute before he entered the kitchen, Jean had dropped a knife on the floor. She bent over at the hip to pick it up and mooned her husband.
John had said, "Nice ass!"
He went to her, caressed it, and rubbed her pussy. He said, "If I were hard, I'd drill your sweet hole."
Jean giggled and said, "Really. Is that a promise?" She picked up the utensil, spun about, and slurped his flaccid cock into her mouth.
"Mmmm. I love you!" John said as his dick grew firmer in her mouth. He didn't get a full erection because Jean heard someone coming. She stopped the blowjob and scurried away.
Ann and Meyer entered the kitchen. Ann smiled at Jean and said, "Hello. Anything I can do?"
"Yes," Jean said. "This is our last full day. John's making pancakes. I'm making toppings and trying to use up everything in the fridge. There is fruit to cut up."
Jean looked at Meyer and said, "Meyer, maybe you can settle an argument. John thinks that peanut butter and chocolate chips qualify as a pancake topping. What do you think?"
Meyer laughed and said, "Normally, I steer clear of arguments between spouses, but what the hell. I'm going home tomorrow, and we will be states away from each other.
"I say yes to the chips and no to the peanut butter. To prove that I'm right, you should put both items on the table along with the fresh fruit and maple syrup, and we'll let the people choose. I am one hundred percent confident that I will be proven correct."
"Well," Ann said. "Aren't you full of yourself this morning?"
"I'm confident. Peanut butter is for sandwiches."
"You've never heard of peanut butter toast?" John asked.
"That's the one exception that proves the rule!" Meyer said.
The others laughed at him. Meyer joined in.
The others strolled in. The twins looked like their usual perky selves. Everyone was naked.
Beth said, "I want peanut butter and chocolate chips on my pancakes."
"Me too," said Beth, Tom, and Terry.
Jean, Ann, and John smiled and gave Meyer an 'I told you so' look.
After breakfast, Josh asked, "What shall we do for our last full day?"
"Beach. Beach," the twins chanted.
"Beach! Beach! Beach!" everyone else shouted, joining in.
Jean smiled, pulled out his phone, and said, "I'm calling Uber now. Will you be ready in an hour?"
"Yes!" the room answered.
^^^
The gang went to Haulover Beach. Josh and Bobby rented umbrellas and chairs while the others found a spot. They were setting up the site when people came by handing out flyers.
A twenty-something female event organizer wearing a bikini top and short shorts stood on the nude beach by the Bones' spot and spoke loudly, "Good Morning, everyone! My name is Bernadette.
"This afternoon, we have a treat for you today. In honor of the new sister city relationship with Maslin Beach in Australia, Miami is putting on the festival for which Maslin is renowned. "
She paused for dramatic effect and then shouted, "Our version of their famous Maslin Beach Nude Games!"
The crowd cheered.
"My partners are handing out flyers listing the events. Some are classics like sack races, tug of war, and the egg toss. Others may be new to you, like a hands-free donut eating contest.
"Check out the list. We have events for singles, couples, and groups. If any catch your fancy, use your phone to sign up. We'll text you the details. The games will start at one o'clock. And, of course, there are prizes!"
Bobby took one of the flyers, read some of it, and said, "We should give it a go."
The twins came over, read it, and Beth said, "This sounds like fun. Belle and I are in. We did these things at summer camp. Dad, I'm signing you up for the donut eating contest, and everyone has to do the balloon race."
"Balloon race?" Meyer said.
"You and Nana will have a balloon between your bodies," Belle said. "You have to carry the balloon without using your hands as you run the race. If the balloon pops or falls on the ground, you lose."
"It's fun to do and funny to watch," Beth said. "People contort their bodies. There is always one player who is taking it super seriously, gets mad when they lose, and yells at their partner."
Belle got out her phone and said, "I'll sign us up."
"Nothing too strenuous for us old folks," Ann requested.
The event crew marked off a section of the beach for the games and gathered their needed supplies.
The bone crew had lunch.
People gathered where the games were to take place to watch and cheer the contestants.
At one o'clock, Bernadette picked up a megaphone and addressed the crowd.
"Are you READY for the nude games to begin?"
The crowd roared.
"We've had a great response. Some events are over-subscribed, so we will choose people at random. We will start with a good old fashion sack race. If you receive a text, join me here at the starting line. We have a dozen sacks.
"The first race will be for women, and the second will be for the men."
Bobby, Belle, and Beth got text messages.
"I'm in," Bobby said.
"Us too," said the twins.
Twelve men from eighteen to eighty stepped into sacks.
Bernadette said, "Gentleman, you see the yellow tape. That's the finish line. Good luck. I'll signal the start of the race with my air horn."
The guys lined up. The finish line was thirty yards away.
"Ready. Set," Bernadette said. She sounded the air horn; the contestants started hopping.
The crowd cheered them on. The old man barely traveled five feet before he fell over, laughed, and quit.
Bobby was near the lead. The man next to him fell and took out three competitors.
The rest kept going. Bobby came in second.
Bernadette congratulated the winners and awarded them ribbons. Blue for first place, red for second, and a white one for third place. The ribbons were attached to a plastic chain that she hung around the contestants' necks.
The women competitors got into the sacks and lined up for the next race. The horn sounded, and off they went.
There was cheering and also chuckling. Beth and Belle were doing their best. They were jumping furiously, which caused their large breasts to jiggle and bounce. Their tits swung to and fro, so much so that everyone noticed and smiled, giggled, or commented on their boobs.
Meyer and the family had come over to watch and cheer on the twins. Once the girls started hopping and their breasts began bounding about, Meyer said what they all felt, "Oh, my."
The cheeks of the family members turned red.
Beth came in fifth. Belle was sixth.
The winners were introduced and received their awards. Bernadette pointed to the other entrants and said, "And let's give all our worthy competitors a hand."
They received raucous cheers. People clapped louder for the losers than they had for the winners.
Bernadette noticed and said to one of her assistants, "Find out who those busty girls are. The crowd loves them. I want them in every event they sign up for."
"But isn't placement random? Everyone has an equal chance."
Bernadette sneered at her aid and said, "Make it happen."
Beth and Belle made it into the three-legged race and the six-man tug of war. Josh, Bobby, Terry, and Tom joined them. They finished out of the money in these events, but again their bouncing boobies proved to be a crowd favorite.
The twenty-year-olds were in the doubles balloon race. They finished next to last. At first, they tried to carry the balloon between their breasts.
The balloon fell. They trapped it between their stomachs. They struggled to maintain pressure on the balloon because the balloon was smaller than their combined breasts.
People laughed watching the buxom twosome squish their large breasts together. The balloon slid further down their body. It looked like they were humping the balloon as they tried to hold it between their crotches.
The twins squealed and screamed as they attempted and failed to control the balloon. It got away from them and fell to the sand.
The only pair who did worse than the twins were Meyer and Ann. They lost their balloon in the first five steps.
John and Josh were in the donut-eating contest. Donuts were suspended on a string. The contestants tried to bite them and only succeeded in pushing them away. The swinging donuts were even harder to capture.
People laughed, the participants as well as those watching.
The contestants jumped, trying to catch the moving targets. Penises, breasts, and fat asses bounced. It was a funny sight.
Biting the donuts appeared to be an exercise in futility until one of the players got lucky. He timed his jump and caught the donut when it swung his way. He was declared the winner. He was the only one to take a bite out of the donuts.
Beth and Belle were included in the tissue box game. A tissue box was strapped to Beth's bum. She turned her back to her sister. Belle's job was to toss a ping pong ball into the box.
Belle was only five feet away, and she couldn't get the ball to go into the box. The breeze made the light ball move erratically as if throwing it in the small hole in the tissue box wasn't hard enough.
The twins were fan favorites because they were cute and naked. The crowd appreciated their plump firm bums and bodacious bouncy ta-tas.
"Lordy, lordy," John said as he watched his granddaughters move. Their gymnastic skills were evident as they moved quickly and elegantly in futile attempts to win the game.
The game ended not because any team won, but because time ran out.
Jen congratulated their girls, "Nice try." She hugged them.
"That was an impossible game," Josh said.
"It was impossible," Beth said.
"And fun," added Belle.
"Are your boobs sore?" Bobby asked.
"Why are you asking us that?" Beth said.
"Because you've been running and jumping for an hour, and your breasts have been bouncing like crazy."
Belle cupped her pair and looked at her mom.
Jen said, "Girls, it was fine. You did your best and had fun. Boobs bounce. That's not news."
Jen turned and gave Bobby a hard look.
"Uh-huh. I'm in trouble," he thought. Out loud he said, "Beth and Belle, I'm sorry. I was trying to be funny, and I ended up sounding like a prat."
The gang hung out, swam in the ocean, and lay in the sun for an hour before catching a ride and going home.
Everyone showered.
Ann went first, and then Meyer. Ann was standing naked in front of the mirror when Meyer stepped out to dry himself.
She said, "That was a fun day at the beach."
"Yes. The games were fun too. Sorry, I cost you a blue ribbon."
Ann guffawed and said, "Hardly. We never stood a chance. It was fun though."
"The twins were crowd favorites."
"Let me think why," Ann said. "Not one, but two young beautiful naked women with butts you can bounce a quarter off and big bouncy breasts. Yes. I can see why they were popular."
She lifted one of her tits and said, "Can you imagine me in a sack race? I'd put my eye out with one of these sorry saggy things."
She laughed; Meyer did too.
She turned to him and kissed him. She fondled his genitals and said, "I've been standing here waiting for you. I was hoping you'd take me."
"Gladly. Ah. I'll need some assistance."
Ann dropped to her knees and wrapped her lips around his member. It was short and thin. She was able to coax it to a fine erection. While she was giving him a blowjob, she fingered herself.
"You're ready," Ann announced, "and so am I."
She spun about, spread her legs wide, and leaned over the counter.
Meyer saw her wet pussy and drove his dick into her welcoming hole. He fucked her hard and fast. He thought, "I may not last long, but she know I was here."
He reached around and groped her boobs and tugged on her nipples.
"Ohh. Yes! Like that," Ann cooed.
She grabbed her electric toothbrush, turned it on, and pressed her swollen clit against the toothbrush's vibrating shaft while Meyer's shaft pistoned in and out of her vagina.
"Ohhhh!" they holler as they found their bliss.
He slumped over his bride. She flicked off the toothbrush and lay still until his dick and then his cum slid out of her.
Meyer stepped back, took a deep breath, and cleaned his cock with the towel he'd dropped on the floor.
Ann sat on the toilet, peed, and forced his sperm out of her canal. She looked at him and said, "Thank you."
"Thank You!" he responded.
"Are you upset I used the electric toothbrush to help me climax again?"
"No. Whatever it takes. When we get home we will get you a proper vibrator."
^^^
Tom and Terry shared a shower. They washed and then played.
"My what a big erection you have," Terry said.
"A solid seven inches, and it's all for you!"
He turned her around, pushed her against the wall tiles, and shoved the tip inside her pussy.
"It's too big!" she sobbed.
"Not for a whore like you!"
Tom shoved the rest of his cock inside her.
"Ohhh," Terry moaned. Then she whined, "Sir, it's too big."
"Shut up, bitch. You'll take it, and you'll like it. Any more complaining, and I'll shove it up your ass!"
"Oh no. Don't do that!"
They rutted roughly and continued to roleplay. She was the young innocent girl; he was the big brute with a big cock. They both enjoyed the game. They came big time. Tom filled her to overflowing.
Terry rested.
She turned, smiled, kissed Tom, and said, "Thanks for the fuck, and thanks for playing my game."
"Whatever you want. Terry, I love you!"
They kissed.
^^^^
Jen and Josh showered and dried their bodies.
"Hey, Handsome," Jen said. "Shall we do a couple more positions from our book?"
"I'd love to."
They went into the bedroom. Jen flopped on the bed. She looked at his erection and said, "Nice cock. You're ready. How about getting me ready."
She spread her legs and showed her husband her hairless cunt.
Josh dove between her legs and gave her a good licking. When she was soaking wet, he pulled out and said, "That's a wet pussy."
Jen opened the book to the marked page and said, "We're on number 56. This one's cute. It's called 'Side Saddle'. Get on your back."
He did.
She sat on his hips perpendicular to him with her feet off to the side of her husband. She grabbed his penis and guided it inside her. Then she leaned back and supported her torso by extending her arms behind her. Her tits were tilted toward the ceiling.
She did most of the work.
"This is different. I've never been penetrated like this," Jen said. "Your dick is missing my G-spot. It's rubbing me in a new spot. On the wall of my vagina. I like it. What about you?"
"Being inside you is always a pleasure."
She slid her butt on his thighs and moaned. Then she lifted and lowered her butt as Josh thrust inside her.
"Mmm," she sighed. "Nice, but too much work. Let's move on."
Josh grabbed the book and said, "Number 57. 'Crouching tiger'. It's like reverse cowgirl, but instead of being on your knees, you are on your feet."
They got into position. Jen lowered herself onto his cock and rocked back and forth, and she rose up and down.
She said, "I'm not a fan. Your cock is deep inside me. It would be easy to jill myself, but why masturbate when you have a partner? I feel like I'm doing deep knee bends or squats at the gym. I'm looking for good sex, not a workout. What about you?"
"This doesn't do much for me. I like reverse cowgirl a lot more because..."
Jen interrupted him and finished the sentence, "Because you get a great view of my ass."
She shifted from her feet to her knees and gave him the view he craved.
"I love seeing your bum and watching my dick disappear inside you.!"
She gave him a minute of pleasure and hopped off him.
"Hey!" he complained.
"Next," she said. She picked up the book and said, Number 58, 'The Ship'. What's wrong with this book? They must be struggling to come up with positions. This one is like 'The Side Saddle'. we just did. You're on your back, and I'm siding on your dick, facing the wall. Instead of leaning back, and supporting myself with my arms, I'm hunched over sitting on you."
"How do we move?" Josh asked.
"You can't. I have you pinned to the bed. I guess I can wiggle or move from side to side. Forget it. Next!"
She flipped the page and said, "Number 59, 'The Bridge'. Oh, we're doing this just to say we did it. Get off the bed."
Josh stood.
"Lay on the floor and lift your body up," Jen said. "Only your feet and hands can touch the floor."
He followed her instructions.
"That's right, arch your back. You're the bridge."
She straddled his feet and said, "I'm supposed to stand over you. This is complicated. Lay on the floor."
He did.
She stood over his hips and said, "Rise up mighty bridge and drive your cock into me."
"That's ridiculous," Josh complained.
"It is, but I want to do it so I can tell the girls at the gym that we did it. I'll guide you in. Shove your penis in me a couple of times, and we can finish any way you want."
"Reverse cowgirl?"
"You got it."
Josh lifted his butt and body into the air. Jen giggled, grabbed his erection, and pushed it inside her vag. He went up and down a few times. His dick slipped out of her.
She laughed. He huffed and puffed and said, "That was hard work."
"I'm crossing it off the list," Jen said. "Hop in bed and get your reward."
She got on top of him, faced his feet, and fucked him slowly.
"Oh. God! You're such a tease," Josh said. "I love you!"
"I love you too."
She masturbated while she put on a show for her hubby.
"Ahh. Ahhh," Josh groaned as he shot his load.
"Oh. Come on. Almost there," Jennifer said as she rubbed her clit furiously. She got herself off before Josh went completely soft.
"Oh. Ohhh. Ohhh!" she cried out as she climaxed.
^^^
John came into the bathroom and found his wife in a two-person Jacuzzi tub.
"Hello, big boy," Jean said coyly. "Want to join me?"
"Sure."
He got in behind her. She snuggled against his chest. His hands cupped and caressed her large breasts.
"Ahhh," she sighed.
He teased her nipples, making them long and hard. He pinched her pointy nipples, causing her to yelp and moan. He was in no rush. He took his time, playing with her nipples and boobs.
"Ohh. That was nice," Jean said. "Let me do something nice for you. Sit on the edge of the tub."
She moved and he sat on the tube. She grabbed his penis. It wasn't hard enough to stroke, so she leaned forward, took it into her mouth, and gave him oral sex.
"Oh, Babe," John groaned. "You're the best!"
She got him hard and said, "You remember what to do with that big hard cock, don't you?"
"You bet!"
She turned away from him and got on her hands and knees. John knelt behind her and slid his cock into her slowly.
"Ohhhhh" they moaned.
John looked at her big ass and caressed it as he fucked her.
Jean closed her eyes, brought a hand to her pussy, and rubbed her clit. She focused on the sensations. It was enough to get her off.
"Oh. Oh! Ohhh!" she cried out.
John felt her pussy pulsate. He rammed his cock into her more forcefully and shot his load.
"Oh! Oh, God! Ohhhhh."
When his dick slipped out, he sat on his ass. Jean also sat. she slid against her husband. He held her as they enjoyed the afterglow of their orgasms.
^^^
The next morning, it was a sunny day. It changed from warm to hot by nine o'clock. The gang had breakfast. They stayed and talked. They were nude and melancholy.
Beth and Belle hugged Ann and Meyer. Beth said, "I can't believe our vacation is over."
The twins switched partners and hugged the other grandparent. Belle said, "It seems like we just got here."
The twenty-year-olds hugged them tightly and crushed their breasts into them. Ann said, "I feel the same way."
Meyer patted Belle on the back and said, "We will have to get together soon."
He enjoyed her hug as he had enjoyed her sister's. His conscience clicked on and said, "Old man, aren't you enjoying this skin-on-skin contact with this buxom nubile female a little too much?"
"Girls, are you packed?" Jen asked. "Our Uber will be here in an hour."
"No."
Beth and Belle made the rounds, hugged everyone goodbye, and went to their room to finish packing.
Josh, Bobby, and Jennifer said their goodbyes and hugged and kissed everyone.
"You have a nice tan," Josh said as he looked his naked mother over from head to toe. He added, "Mom, Dad, can we count on you for our next summer vacation?"
"Yes," Ann said. "We loved being here." Meyer nodded.
The Ubers came and went, taking the parties to the airport.
Ann and Meyer were the last to leave. Meyer put on his underwear and said, "Wearing clothes feels weird now."
Ann was in her bra and panties. She laughed and said, "It does! Do you want to continue our flirtation with nudism?
"I'm not sure."
"We have a private backyard," Ann said. "We could go au naturale there without the neighbors noticing, and I have an email from Sam and Sally. The naturalists in our hometown are having a social."
"Can I have some time to think about it? I'm having a bout of Catholic guilt".
"What?"
"Catholic guilt. You know that I attended Catholic schools. My teachers were nuns. Their worldview was black and white. Things are good or evil. If you're enjoying yourself, what you're doing is probably a sin."
Meyer tried to imitate a woman's voice as he said, "What do you mean you went to a movie, played sports, or hung out with your friends? Your time would be better spent praying, reading the bible, or caring for the poor. You know, Christ died on the cross for you!"
"That is a heavy guilt trip to lay on a child," Ann said.
"Tell me about it!" Meyer said.
"Take all the time you need. I was raised a Christian, and I was told that salvation comes through faith in Jesus Christ alone, not by our own works or efforts. God's grace saves us. There is no scorecard.
"I believe grace is a free gift that cannot be earned. It is given to us out of God's love and mercy."
"That's a lovely sentiment," Meyer said. "No wonder you're calm. Most of the time, I'm a wreck. I wonder how many Hail Mary's I have to say for having impure thoughts about the weather girl on television."
Ann laughed. Meyer didn't. He wasn't joking.
^^^
Meyer was distressed about the thoughts, actions, and feelings he had during and after the family vacation. When he returned home, he went to church, specifically confession, to assuage his guilt.
He struggled with his confession and ended up giving the priest an almost blow-by-blow account of the trip.
The priest was shocked and speechless. When he recovered his voice, he said, "Meyer, I'll get back to you. I need to confer with the Bishop."
The priest quickly exited the confessional, leaving behind a confused old man.
The End
*
P.S.
Do you want more? I'm wondering what the twins did at the nightclub? Did Ann help her grandson out by roleplaying with him where he is the Peeping Tom and she is the unsuspecting victim? Do Ann and Meyer go to nudist events in their hometown?
And the biggest question is, what happens on the next family vacation?
Suggestions welcome. r