I was locked in my new owners bathroom as her pet. Miss Lucy left me chastised and anally plugged with a puppy tail in her bathroom while she was out at work. After some time of being left alone I realized how long it would be until she would get back probably 9 hours or some more. I needed to figure out how to get comfortable in this room and spend time waiting for my owner to return.
I decided I could kill time by practicing on how to be a better doggy for Miss Lucy. I wanted to mostly improve my tail wagging, so I kept practicing that for a while. After a bit my tail wagging was solid I was able to do it when my back was parallel with the ground pretty good, and I was alright at wagging my tail when my ass was up in the air. The key to it was rolling your knees which is a weird way to describe it but it worked. After that I started practicing my barks, so I could sound more enthusiastic and more like a dog. I wanted to have the sound of confidence and pride when ever I barked so after a while of practicing I was content with my bark. Then I practiced whimpering I wanted to be able to use it whenever I was sad.
I spent a good while practicing being the best dog I could for Miss Lucy, I decided to eat the dog food she left on a plate for me. After all I don't think she would like to see her puppy not eat his food like he is supposed to. Next I drank out of the toilet which wasn't bad at all considering she kept her bathroom spotless. I decided to try to take a nap, at first I had some difficulty just because of how cold the tile was but I eventually feel asleep.
I woke up startled with the noise of the front door slamming shut. I quickly got up on all fours and looked at the locked bathroom door. I heard Miss Lucy but was she talking with someone? I swore I heard a second voice but couldn't confirm it.
"REEXXXX. I'm home doggy." Miss Lucy said taunting me.
I replied with happy barks. As I was doing, so I heard the door getting unlocked. The door swung open and in front of me was my beautiful owner Miss Lucy.
"Hello bitch I'm home and I have some surprises." She said as I stared at the bag which probably had stuff in it for me, "Ohhh, you see this bag it has a gift for you, but I have a better surprise."
One of Miss Lucy's friends entered the door way and looked at me in astonishment. I was slightly humiliated but extremely turned on by this.
"This is Princess Maddy, I want to show off my new puppy to her." Miss Lucy said.
I was somewhat acquainted with Princess Maddy. Miss Lucy made me write her a letter about how pathetic I was and how I serve Miss Lucy as a sub. So this wasn't the worst thing to happen, and I was kind of happy Miss Lucy wanted to show me off.
"Wow you literally made a man your bitch." Princess Maddy stated in shock, "I love his little tail. His name is Rex, right?"
"Yes" Miss Lucy responded.
"Hi Rex, I am Princess Maddy I'm happy to meet you." She said in a condescending manner.
Maddy walked towards me and crouched and said, "Shake." as she put her hand in front of me.
I put my hand up in a fist and shook her hand like a dog would.
"Good boy" Maddy said.
"Well Rex its time for your other surprise" Miss Lucy said as she reached into the bag. It was a collar, a electric collar.
*Bark Bark*
"No?" Miss Lucy questioned, "You don't get a say in this bitch, you are going to wear this collar whether you like it or not. You should also know better than to embarrass your owner in front of her friends."
I started whimpering for forgiveness and looking at my owner with puppy eyes hoping she would forgive me. I crawled over and started pawing at the collar.
"Now you want to be sweet and innocent. You realized how bad you screwed up good l you will get punished for that." Miss Lucy said as she wrapped the collar around my neck.
It was put on tight and I could feel the two metal prongs jab into my neck. Miss Lucy and Maddy were talking about how high they should set it, but I knew they were going to shock me at a ten. They were just teasing, trying to make me think I was safe. Miss Lucy pressed the button and a intense shock wave went through me. I jumped from the shock and laid down because of how much it hurt. I whimper for mercy putting my head down and ass in the air. I was given mercy and shown the last surprise which was some treats, they were dog cookies. I was feed one and they were quite good. Miss Lucy attached a leash to my collar, and I was led to the living room as Maddy followed behind. Both of them took a seat on the couch and started to chat while I was on the ground looking up at them swaying my tail back and forth. Lucy went to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of wine for each of them, and returned to the couch.
"Start licking are heels Rex." Miss Lucy ordered.
I put my head down and ass up and started licking both of their heels. I couldn't believe the position I was in and how lucky I was. As I was in awe of the situation I was in they had put a order in for food. Then they started talking about there day and how work went. Occasionally I was shocked by the collar on a low setting just, so they could see me jump a little. It was insane how casual they were about me. Maddy eventually started asking questions about me.
"It's insane how you could get a man to do this humiliating stuff for you." Maddy said.
"Well it's not humiliating for Rex because he's not a man he's my dumb pet." Miss Lucy stated, "However Rex is truly submissive and loves doing this. Being submissive can be freeing but I like the power."
"That's fair, how long do you plan on keeping Rex around?"
"Well he'll need to go back to being a human and living his life, and making a living. However I reckon Rex will want to come back and play some more, ain't that right bud?"
*Bark*
"Good boy" she said as I got head pats. "Come, on boy Im pretty sure you need to pee right?"
*Bark*
"Ok come on lets go to the garden."
My leash was tugged on, and I was led to the back garden. As I was led outside the screen door Miss Lucy instructed me to crawl to the tree in the back of the yard and to pee there. I was also told to raise my leg like a good puppy by Princess Maddy. I quickly followed their orders I crawled to the tree and raised my right leg like a dog. Then I started to relive myself, mid stream I was shocked and it caused me to violently twitch causing me to lose my balance. I could hear the beautiful women across the garden laughing at me while holding there wine in hand. Once I was done I crawled back to my owner, and she took my leash. At this time food finally arrived and it was dinner time.
Miss Lucy Had put out another bowl of dog food and a bowl of water.
"This Is the last time you'll have to eat dog food today Rex, I know you are probably sick of it but I want to show Princess Maddy you're a good puppy."
*Bark*
I was not excited this time about eating this dog food. The first time I was shocked I had to eat it, the second time was all right. However now I was afraid what It would do to my stomach, but I listened to my owner and quickly cleaned my bowl.
"You said this is the last time today he'll have to eat dog food? How much has he had today?" Maddy asked Lucy.
"That is his third can" Miss Lucy said as I drank out of my water bowl next to her feet.
"I'm going to give him some of my food is that okay?"
"Yeah I was going to do the same since Rex has been such a good boy tonight. However I'm going to chew mine up a bit and spit it into his bowl." Miss Lucy said.
"OoOO, I like that, I'll do the same."
"However, Rex you can't eat it right away. When were done eating and I give you my word that's when you could eat the food we're generously giving you." Miss Lucy told me.
*Bark*
I eagerly waited for my bowl of food even though it was already going to be half chewed, it would be better than the lingering taste of dog food. I waited at the feet of the two most stunning women I've laid my eyes on as the occasionally spit food into my bowl. It looked like they were eating steak, with green beans, and mashed potatoes. After 15 minutes they were done with their meals.
"Alright Rex I want to see you do some ticks before we let you eat." Lucy said.
*Bark*
"Spin" Miss Lucy ordered.
I quickly start spinning and chasing my tail as quic as possible.
"Stop" Lucy said as I came to a halt look at my owner and her friend wagging my tail and panting.
"Roll over" Maddy Commanded. I roll over on my back side still shaking a bit in excitement, "Look how cute his balls are since there locked in chastity" Maddy said as she reached across me to slap my nuts. When she slapped them I closed my legs and let out a little whimper, which both of them giggled at.
"Sit." Miss Lucy said. I got off my back to obey her order. "Shake" I raised my hand and shook Miss Lucy's hand like I did with Maddy's earlier.
"Good boy, you could eat now."
I started eating away at the slurry of food in the bowl. As I did this I made sure to wag my tail in excitement to show them my enthusiasm. The food was covered in a distinct layer of saliva with each bite I took. Something about eating this spited out food was erotic.
"I love how he's wagging his tail like a excited puppy, did you tell him to do that?" Maddy asked.
"No he's just a good puppy isn't that right Rex?"
*Bark*
After a couple minutes I was done eating my bowl of food. I received head pats from both Miss Lucy, and Princess Maddy.
"It's getting late I should probably head out." Princess Maddy said.
"Before you head out would you like to see where Rex sleep?" Miss Lucy asked.
"Of course."
I was grabbed by the leash and lead to Miss Lucy's room where my cage is, Princess Maddy followed behind. When we entered the room Maddy was shocked by the cage.
"Oh my he sleeps in there?"
"Of course"
"Could I see him in there?"
"Definitely. It's perfect timing because once you leave I plan on going to sleep, so I might as well lock him up now."
Miss Lucy opened the cage and lead me in. Once I was in I turned around in the tight cramped to look at the divine women. Miss Lucy closed the cage and put locks on it to make sure I go no where.
"Wow look at you Rex, your own little home you even have a comfy mattress. Do you like it in here?" Maddy questioned leaning over the cage teasing me.
*Bark*
"I'm glad you do. It was nice meeting you Rex I'll see you again, bye." Princess Maddy said as she left the room with Miss Lucy.
I could hear them talking and saying there goodbyes, and all the other pleasantries. I found myself to get in a comfortable position to sleep in and wait for Miss Lucy to return. Suddenly I felt a big shock from my collar and it made me jolt. After a couple more minutes Miss Lucy returned.
"Im very proud of you Rex, you were so well behaved. I dont think I could have asked for a better dog." Miss Lucy said admiring me. "Oh and that shock when I wasn't here was Princess Maddy she wanted to play with you one last time. Goodnight Rex."
To hear those words of validation from Miss Lucy meant a lot and I would have a easy night of sleep after that.