What you're about to read, is true, and is one in a series where I'll share my various real life sexual experiences.
Some of them are exclusively about being a nudist, but some of them are about being an exhibitionist who loves to be nude in public. Others are about the fun of being a nudist/exhibitionist and the fun of being watched and watching others while fucking, eating pussy and having my cock sucked by multiple women.
So to get started I think maybe I'll tell you the story going to the beach when I lived in Florida.
At the time at the time I was in my early 20s and just for everybody to know I'm 6' 1" 190 lbs, with dimpled cheeks, hazel eyes, high cheekbones, a big bright smile from a mouth filled with teeth. I had blonde hair that was streaked by the sun that came down to my shoulders. I worked out quite a bit, and was told I had a swimmer's body with wide shoulders, a flat stomach strong thighs and long legs. I was playing in bands as a lead vocalist, lead guitarist, so I had my days free. And that meant I had my days naked. If I didn't have to, I never put on clothes ever. I'd wake up nude, eat breakfast, swim and lay out naked all day. I'd get bored, so sometimes I'd ride my motorcycle in the nude (tricky but fun, easier at night for sure). I would go to the convenience store naked, wander over to the girly magazine shelf, and buy Penthouse or Hustler with a raging hard on, all the while stroking it and saying that I was "practicing" for later while I was looking at the centerfold. I had ZERO tanlines, something that would end up with me telling my girlfriends that I was a nudist. I always loved to see their reactions and them picturing me naked somewhere, anywhere, all the time if possible. Oh, and before you ask, no, I never got arrested, not once. Not even a close call. Lucky? Damn straight and that only made me want to do it more.
I hadn't started shaving off my pubic hair at the time, so I had a blond man-bush above my cock. In those days I trimmed it down though so it was basically was no thicker than my eyebrows. Accenting that I had overly filled balls below my thick 8 inch cock.
Once I got over the teenage insecurity, and realized how lucky I was to have this body, I wanted to show it off wherever and when ever possible. And boy oh boy, did I ever.
So my summer routine was as follows. Wake up naked. Make breakfast. Pack a bag, suntan lotion, lube, sunglasses and a Radio. Jump in the car naked, and head out. No shoes, no shirt, no nothing. One hundred percent naked means zero percent coverage of any kind. Plus, being totally naked means that you can really feel the sand under your feet as you walk on the beach.
Next I'd go to the nearby Walmart. Wrap a towel around me for coverage, (it's a WalMart, have you seen the shit people wear in WalMart?) Steal a pair of women's panties that I would wear as a bathing suit (since it was going to be something I would throw away after my adventure). And head out on the drive.
The drive was 40 miles to the beach, which I did naked of course. My car didn't have air-conditioning so I would drive with the windows open and the sunroof open. I'm then totally nude on the way, hoping drivers see me would enjoy the view. At the time my hormones were at an all time high, making it nearly impossible for me not to sport an incredibly angry erection.
Somehow I managed not to masturbate the entire way, choosing instead only to stroke my cock to keep it at its hardest as I drove.
I gotta say, for me it's such a turn on in knowing that I'm driving totally nude, windows open, jerking off for mile after mile after mile.
Once I got to the beach there was a parking lot of about 12 spaces where I would find myself wondering if I had the nerve to simply get out of the car naked and walk to the beach.
And... more often than not that's exactly what I did.
The only thing that I would wear were sunglasses but the rest of me was completely nude and on display to anyone that cared to look. Forget the stolen "bathing suit" and into the trash can it would go.
I'd learned that the best time to go was during midweek. This meant the beach was complete almost devoid of other sunworshippers. But I really didn't care, after all I am a nudist/exhibitionist that was only thinking with the head between my legs not above my shoulders.
So walked across the street, onto the path and to the beach.
A quick glance north and south helped me make my choice of which direction I would go. Today there was no one on the beach except me, and that meant I could do anything I wanted all day.
Thinking that I wanted to be far enough away from the beach entry, but not so far up the beach that getting back to my car would be a 3 mile walk, I headed north.
Remember now that it's North Florida just North of St. Augustine so summer temperatures are in the 90s and humidity is equally high and by now I'm not only naked, but I'm covered in sweat. Got it? Blonde, fit, naked and sweaty on the beach.
Five minutes of walking put me in the perfect spot.
From here I can see anyone coming my way and can't be surprised by someone crossing over the beach behind me.
As I lay out my towel facing the water, my cock is still standing straight up, as if it is worshiping the sunshine.
I'm basically an athletic guy, so I decided go for a run. I walked out to the shoreline. I stretch my legs a little, rub my cock a few times and off I go.
Except today, I'm completely naked. No clothes anywhere. No chance to hide. No desire to hide my naked self from everyone.
I'm loving every step as I run. I have no idea how fast or how far and I don't care I'm totally naked outdoors running on the beach
As I run my cock bounces with each step and my balls swing wildly below it. It's hard to run like this without hurting yourself, but "tough it out" I say, laughing.
At some point my horniness takes control over my running and I stop to lie down in the sand just beyond the splash line of the ocean.
I'm now lying on the smooth sand facing the ocean supporting my body with my arms propped behind me thinking about how much fun I'm having.
I believe that If God did not want you to masturbate he would not have placed your hands right next to your genitals. So with that, I reach for my shaft with my right hand, and grab my balls with my left hand.
In public, on the beach, no clothes anywhere, no way to hide, no way I care if someone sees me. A wave of adrenalin rushes through my sweating body, and with that I began jerking off.
Now, as they say that the imagination is the greatest sex organ ever and I have to agree. As I lie there, unashamedly getting off, I'm imagining a Beach full of sun worshippers all within viewing distance, at any moment any one of them a witness to my brazen sex show.
Back and forth, up and down I pump my cock. My legs spread wide. My cock, raging from my jerking off, was now bigger than ever. The veins in my shaft straining, now a sharp blue against the tanned skin on my balls and ass as evidence of the all the time I had spent lying out nude in the sun.
Now. I could've taken my time savoring every moment of my exhibitionism but what the hell I'm going to be here all day and I can jerk off again if I want. So I double my strokes, and wildly jack my self.
Sensing my own orgasm, I stare down at my hands attacking my cock. My right hand almost a blur as I jerk. Realizing that I'm about to cum, my head tilts back, I open my mouth, and shout to the universe that I'm about to cum.
Then as my orgasm sweeps over me, I gasp declaring to the universe that I'm cumming. Stream after stream of semen splash all over my stomach and chest, I'm now wildly milking all the cum from my cock, until one one such splash hit's me on my chin. Now, that's what I call fun!
Laughing , I slowly stroke myself, my erection beginning to fade. Breathing heavily I get up from the sand and walk to the waters edge. There I reach into the water and splash myself to wash away the streams of cum that I made.
Looking again north and south I discover that I'm no longer alone on the beach and that I'll have to walk past at least four people on the way back to my towel.
Oh well I think, it's a good thing that I'm a nudist and an exhibitionist, or I'd be freaking out by now.
So off I go again running freely completely naked on the beach. Step-by-step growing closer to the sun worshippers. Ahead seems to be a guy fishing on the water line, another couple seem to be engaged in their own dirty hobby and a single blonde girl my age reclining in a folding chair.
The guy fishing doesn't see me since he's focused on water and the fish. The Couple sees me running which makes the Woman nudge her partner as she points at me. He lowers his sunglasses to see me as I pass and then looks to his left which makes me turn to see what he is looking at.
Behind me I see a truck driving on the beach headed my way. Closer and closer the Truck rolls down the beach and I have to make a decision.
Do I get in the water and hide? Or do I pretend that I know girl in the chair and run up to her so I can stand behind the chair as a way to hide?
But then I realize there's not enough time to make those choices so I run towards girl and crouch In front of her. She's seen me on the beach so as I approach it doesn't scare her.
The truck is now about 200 feet away as I bend over to shake her hand. She smiles sweetly but she doesn't take her eyes off of my cock for a single second as the truck passes.
I asked her if my being nude was a problem. She replies "No way do I object to a good looking guy being naked in front of me. And if you're going to go streaking, the beach is the place to be. "
To which I reply. "Good thing, since I'm already naked" and wag my cock back and forth to emphasize my nudity.
We both laugh as the truck passes and continues on down the beach. We chat for a few minutes more and I suddenly realize that I'm slowly stroking my cock right in front of my new friend. I was half wishing I had left the cum streaks on my belly from the moment before in plain sight as an extra bit of exhibitionistic thrill.
Sensing that I can only push the boundaries so far, I say goodbye to the girl, I wag my cock at her one last time and continue my run.
I arrive back at my towel, take a drink from my water bottle and reflect on just how crazy today has been. I look back north of the beach to see the blonde girl relaxing in her chair now topless. Maybe I should've stayed longer since those perfect little 34 B's might need some man lotion on them, God knows I can cum again. Maybe next time I sigh.
But instead I gather my things but put on the only clothes that I have, (meaning my sunglasses) and walk up to the parking lot.
By now there are four cars in the lot but no people, so I don't bother to wrap a towel around me, and instead continue the day that started out completely naked by remaining completely naked.
Feeling emboldened by the events of the day, I decide that I'll be bold enough not to even give myself a way to hide my nakedness on the way home. I open the trunk and lock my towel and bag in the trunk, no chance of hiding my nakedness, and no way to chicken out.
So, I get in the car, roll down the windows and drive back the 40 miles home, never stopping once to get dressed,
Arriving at the house, I push the garage remote, the door goes up and I walk into the garage from the driveway totally naked in full view of anyone watching.
No roommates to bother me, so I spent the rest of the weekend continuing my dirty hobby of being totally nude for the next 48 hours. I enjoyed jerking off all day and night and spraying load after load of cum on my belly, while recalling my beach trip of being a spontaneously, unashamedly, publicly masturbating exhibitionist. Too bad it can't go on my resume, after all, I've gotten quite good at it. (LOL). In between orgasms I started plotting my next big adventure, a week long trip to Caliente Nudist Resort where I can be nude 100% of the time in front of dozens of equally naked vacationing swingers.
Not wanting to keep all the fun to myself, I get the idea to invite Lynn, the blonde spinner I have recently been sport fucking to come over. She's always horny, and at only 4'11" my 8 inches bottoms out in her pussy, and she loves it. I don't warn her that I'll be naked, and instead answer the door nude with my cock in my hand and a shot of tequila for her in the other. To my surprise her hand immediately grabs my cock, downs the tequila and drops to her knees while practically inhaling my cock nearly to my balls.
But that's another story.