We were eating supper underneath the new pergola I recently built. The warm air of the evening was gently being moved by two outdoor ceiling fans. The tiki-torches were doing their job keeping all forms of flying insects at bay. It was a near perfect evening. It would turn perfect when my wife would describe her pledge week and initiation into a sorority, during our college years. This was in all likelihood the beginning of her extreme exhibitionist tendencies.
We removed the dishes and remnants of our meal when Mary said, "Why don't you open another bottle of wine. I'll be right out and we can enjoy the rest of the evening."
I did as she asked, and waited for her return. I sat in one of our new outdoor chaises. When she came out of the house, she was wearing a crotchless pair of panties and nothing else. Her amazing C cups tits swayed with each barefooted step. Her mound, now completely hairless, poked out through the opening of her undies.
"You've never pressed me to tell you about my college days, before I met you. Everyone on campus heard rumors about the Tri-Gams. They were the hottest looking, sexiest, and most flirtatious girls around, but not all the rumors were true. Some rumors were clearly false. Well, maybe a couple of rumors were false. Shit, everything you heard about the TriGams was true. We were the campus sluts. I enjoyed every minute of pledge week and the initiation was over-the-fucking-top!"
I stammered, "Should I get some kleenex?"
"Better bring out the entire box. I'm pretty sure you'll drop a load before I'm done talking."
I brought out the kleenex, jumped out of my clothes, and sat back down on the chaise. I was within reach of the kleenex and my wine. As I took a sip, Mary began her story.
"I think I was leaving my Ancient Civilizations class when I was approached by a girl who introduced herself. 'My name is Samantha,' she said, 'but everyone calls me Sammie. I'm a Tri-Gam and would like to know if you would like to join my sorority? You obviously have the look of a Tri-Gam with your long wavy hair, shapely legs, beautiful face, and dynamite body.'
'What would I be expected to do?' I asked.
'Come to a supper meeting tonight at the sorority house around 6:00 pm. Our house-mother will explain everything. Not every pledge with your looks will make it through PledgeWeek, others will balk during their initiation. Those who become a TriGam will be the most desirable of all females on campus.'
Sammie met me at the door with a big hug and a quick kiss on the lips. Holding my hand, she led me into a huge dining room and introduced me to her sorority sisters. I also met the other pledges. We were all seated around a huge dining room table when the house-mother made her entrance. Mrs. Angelo was stunning. She looked to be in her early 40s, but I would find out in time that she was 58 years old. She had long black hair and a classic hourglass figure. She also had the biggest rack I ever saw. Think Jessica Rabbit, but with bigger tits. She explained we pledges would be ask to do things that we might not be comfortable doing. She told us that sexy women do sexy things, and sexy things would happen to us during the week. A lot of sexy things.
What was interesting about pledging was moving in with Sammie for the week. All I needed to bring with me was my toiletries. I would be dressed by my sponsor, and expected to do anything she asked. I was given a small basket with a dildo wrapped in a blanket and told not to let it out of my sight. The only place Baby Cock was safe from being stolen would be in Sammie's room. During the week there would many attempts at stealing my Baby Cock.
After supper, our first task as pledges was to wash each other in the communal showers. Under the watchful eyes of our sponsors, we lathered one another up and made sure every square inch of flesh was squeaky clean. It was the first of many turn-ons. All the pledges had similar bodies: Large natural tits, hairy mounds, long legs, and round asses. We spent plenty of time laughing, touching and rubbing each other. I'm pretty sure I wasn't the only pledge to have an orgasm."
My dick was no longer laying on my thigh. It began to move. I poured another glass of wine, and watched as it began pointing at the ceiling.
"First thing Monday morning, I brought my personal items to Sammie's room. Laying on her bed was my outfit for the day. It was a tiny red plaid skirt, sheer white blouse, and stockings. Missing was underwear.
Sammie said, 'You'll wear this and similar outfits on campus the entire week. It's PledgeWeek. People will go out of their way to look up your skirt, stare at your tits, and try to steal your Baby Cock. The more protective you are of your Baby Cock and the least protective of your body, the more successful you'll be. Now, let's get you changed.' I took off my top and Sammie stood behind me and unfastened my bra. When I removed my shorts and panties, Sammie stood in front of me tweaking my nipples. Once they were hard and pointing directly at her, she told me to bring her a glass of juice from the kitchen. I left her room completely naked. I passed plenty of people and other naked pledges. I remember thinking how unbelievably free I felt. When I returned and dressed, Sammie suggested I leave the top two buttons on my blouse undone. I insisted on unbuttoning three. 'I said, I've got great tits, why not let people see them.'
I was aware of the looks I was getting during the early part of the week. By Wednesday, I could have cared less. The more I was able to flash my tits and pussy, the more enjoyment I received. By Friday, I was actually going out of my way to expose myself. I would bend over giving people plenty of opportunities for a world class down blouse, or sit in a way that my ass was visible to anyone who looked.
Back at the sorority house anyone pledging was expected to be topless at all times, regardless of who happened to be there. Plenty of frat guys, delivery men, and maintenance workers saw my tits. One evening we were each given a tiny white g-string. Wearing that and heels, we served cocktails and appetizers to Mrs. Angelo and a group of her friends.
Sammie and I slept in her room naked every night. Other than a little kissing and a light touch here and there, nothing hardcore happened. I was hoping something would. This would have been the perfect time in my life for that kind of experimentation."
By now I was stroking myself. I wondered if I could make it through her entire story or would I unload in a fistful of kleenex.
"Saturday night was the initiation. Only six of us would be part of the proceedings. Every member of the sorority, as well as the pledges, were dressed in long flowing white robes. Our naked bodies were hidden from sight beneath the thin silk material.
The game room was stripped of all furniture except for a table which was placed in the center of of the room. Hundreds of candles lit the space. The flames flickered creating dancing shadows on the walls.
Our sponsors led us into the room, one behind the other.
On one side of the room stood a group of fraternity guys wearing long dark robes and eye masks. Six members of the group were assigned to the sponsors and six were assigned to the pledges. On the other side stood all of the sorority sisters in their long white robes, also wearing eye masks. At the head of the table stood Mrs. Angelo, in between two men. Mrs. Angelo was wearing a transparent robe, and holding a large ostrich feather. Her dark black bush could be seen nestled between her thighs. Her humongous tits were straining to be released, pressing hard against the front of her robe.The two men were naked. Their enormous members were pointing straight down at the floor. One cock was long with foreskin. The other equally long, but without foreskin.
As Sammie walked me to the table, two robed males joined us. 'I present to you sister Mary,' she said. One guy stood behind me and grabbed the shoulders of my robe. Sammy and the other guy undid the sash. Quicker than a blink of an eye, I was standing before everyone naked. I could feel every eye on my body. My pussy was getting damper by the second. I was told to lay on my back. With the help of Sammie and the two frat guys, I did just that. Soft wrist restraints held my hands in place above my head. My legs were spread wide and bent at the knee. Soft restraints held my feet to the table. A blindfold was placed over the eyes of the other five pledges. My eyes were covered last. I was exposed to everyone in the room, and quite honestly I found this very erotic.
I felt the ostrich feather lightly touch one nipple, then the other. It moved slowly over and under my boobs, then down the middle of my body. The light touching was making me squirm, but I couldn't go anywhere or do anything about it. The feather moved along the inside of each thigh, then slowly, ever so slowly up and down my wet gash. My breathing increased to a pant. Tongues flicked my hard nipples, and a hand rested on my mound. My panting increased when my tits were gently being massaged. Then someone blew their warm breath directly on my pussy. I started to moan. I never felt these kinds of sensations before. It felt like electric shocks were penetrating my body.
The head of a good size cock began pressing on the opening of my vagina. Slowly, the cock rubbed the entire length of my wet pussy. I was being teased. It moved a little in then out, multiple times. The teasing continued. I was moaning quite loudly. With a quick thrust the bulbous head entered me. That's when I exploded. My insides felt like an earthquake was breaking me apart. The after shocks made my ass shake and my legs tremble. I bellowed, 'Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Oh Fuck!' That was followed by 'Deeper! Please, Deeper!' I got my wish. The cock was buried deep inside me. I felt like I was being torn in two. I climaxed again."
I didn't bother catching my volcanic explosion. I was stroking my dick and let loose with missile like ropes of cum. I coated the patio floor with my jizz. My wife had one finger buried in her pussy, and was smiling at me.
"Wow, I've never seen you cum so much," she said. "And I haven't even told you the best part of the night! Should I continue or have you had enough?"
"Oh, please continue," I responded, as the last of my spunk rolled down my still hard shaft.
"I heard clapping and cheering. The blindfold was removed, and the restraints undone. My eyes adjusted to the light in the room and I noticed that Sammie and the two males were naked. Both guys had average size cocks that were hard and sticking straight out. Mrs. Angelo, naked herself, came over to me and kissed me deeply on the lips. Her massive tits pressed against my chest. The clapping continued. Sammie pointed to the floor and there was my Baby Cock glistening with my discharge. She whispered in my ear, 'Congratulations, you are now a TriGam. Let's go back to my room and properly thank these two for helping out tonight. I think you're ready for a real cock or two, not a fake one.' We gathered up our robes, as the next pledge was escorted to the table. The four of us walked naked the length of the house to get to the bedroom area. My legs were a bit wobbly from my recent orgasms. Sammie rubbed my naked ass the entire way. My pussy was sopping wet.
Once in Sammie's bedroom we paired off, but It wouldn't stay that way. I dropped to my knees and engulfed the closest cock. I pulled the foreskin back and put a lip-lock on its crimson head. My tongue poked at the tiny opening, and I licked rings around it. I heard moaning coming from the bed and knew Sammie was getting fucked. My guy grabbed the sides of my head and jammed his cock down my throat until my lips touch the base of his unit. I gagged a few times but kept him in my mouth as I continued sucking his shaft. He withdrew his cock from my mouth and pointed to the bed. Long strands of pre-cum connected my mouth to his cock. Walking around the bed, I saw the reason for all the moaning. Sammie was kneeling on the edge of the bed getting drilled in the ass. I laid on the bed and pulled my legs to my chest. The guys switched off. Sammie had a new cock buried in her ass and my pussy was taking a pounding. I screamed with delight when I felt the first stream of warm cum enter the deepest regions of my pussy. My guy withdrew his rock hard member, wiped himself all over me, then planted a kiss on my gaping opening. Within seconds of that, his spunk slowly began to ooze out of me. Sammie had her own explosive climax. There was a loud wet popping sound as her guy removed his cock from her cum-filled ass. The final spurts of his cum were directed on her lower back. He wiped is cock along the crack of her trembling ass.
The guys left us in a sweaty heap of tussled hair, matted pussies and creampies. Their glistening hard cocks bounced up and down as they walked out the door. Almost out of breath, Sammie crawled to me and rested on my chest. Our breathing increased, when our rock hard nipples touch. Our tits were gently pressed together. Our lips met and our tongues danced inside one another's mouth. I was on the verge of another orgasm when Sammie said, 'Let's hit the showers and clean up. At midnight there will be a ceremony for the new sorority sisters, and we can't go looking like this.'
We walked side by side down to the showers. Warm cum continued to oozed out of my pussy. In the showers, Sammie made sure my pussy was cum free and I made sure her ass-hole was spotless. We teased one another with our hands and tongues, but we were too exhausted to fully pleasure one another. We were headed back to the room when we passed another former pledge and her sponsor. Both of them had that contented, recently fucked look. Their nipples were enlarged and cum was splattered all over their faces and bodies.
Mrs. Angelo and all the females in the house were naked and in attendance for the pin ceremony. We new sisters would receive a gold TriGam pin to begin wearing the next day, and every day that followed. We would also receive another pin. This one was never displayed. It was a likeness of a vagina with a feather on top and a dildo sticking out of it."
I maintained an erection throughout her story. Mary was still lightly playing with herself when she looked at me and said, "God, that brought back some great memories. Panties on or off? Under the pergola or in the house?"
"How about panties on under the pergola followed by panties off in the house. I may never lose this boner. Climb aboard - this train is headed to Pound Town!"