I work with a woman named Dana. Gorgeous! Close to six feet tall. Long blonde hair that ran down to the middle of her back and wrapped around a thin, friendly face. Piercing blue eyes and ruby red lips. Her curves would make a great road course. 36-24-34. Long, long legs. And every inch tanned to perfection. Her smile and laugh lit up any room when you were lucky enough to be there. She was also painfully shy. She was a wallflower. You could usually find her standing next to a wall unless she was in a very small group of very good friends. Once you cracked through that wall, you found the true Dana. She was also, for lack of a better term, a people pleaser. Not so much because she wanted to do whatever was asked of her, but because she didn't like conflict of any kind. I never saw her say no to anyone.
And dumber than a bag of hammers.
I was one of the few males that had managed to break through that wall and get to know her. At least a little. I was easily 15 years her senior. She'd never been married as far as I knew. Heck, for all I knew, she'd never had a boyfriend. She'd traveled the world with her parents as a child. We would chat and small talk. Occasionally we would come as close to playfully flirting with each other without flirting. I think she felt safe with me because of our age difference.
The other day she asked me if I would mind taking her downtown to pick up her car from the mechanic. Of course, I told her yes. When the day arrive, it was a warm, sunny summer day. During the drive we enjoyed chit chat and talked about our upcoming vacations.
The mechanic was located in a seedier side of town. His lot was full of old, junk cars he was supposedly restoring in his spare time. It was fairly obvious some hadn't moved in years. When I finally found a space big enough to fit my truck, she leaned across the center console and gave me a peck on the cheek.
"Thank you so much! I really appreciate you bringing me over here, Mark."
I waved a dismissive hand at her. "No problem! Anytime!"Anytime for sure! Anytime I can spend alone with that sexy body of yours, I'm all in!
"So, what do I owe you?"
"Owe me? Please! You don't owe me anything."
"No! Really, seriously. What do I owe you? Please let me give you something," she practically begged.Oh, you can give me something, alright!
I thought for a second. I turned to her and smiled. "Well, you know what the old saying is? 'Gas, grass, or ass'. Ha ha ha!" I laughed.
She cocked her head. "Really? Is that what they say?" she asked sincerely.
I chuckled. "Really? You've never heard that expression before? C'mon, I'm notthatmuch older than you are!"
She shook her beautiful blonde head. "No, I don't think so. 'Gas, grass, or ass'. Nope, that's a new one."
I laughed again. "Ha! I can't believe you haven't heard that. But no, seriously, don't worry about it."
"No no! You took the time and trouble to bring me over here..."
I cut her off. "Really, it wasn't any trouble at all."
She thought about it. "'Gas, grass, or ass'. Well, I don't have any money to give you for gas."
I waved a hand at her again. "Don't worry about it, Dana."
"Grass? I assume that's, like, marijuana? Isn't that what they used to call marijuana?"
"Ha! Oh, you remember that one, huh? Ha ha! Yes, that's what they used to call marijuana. Grass, weed, Mary Jane..."
"Well, I don't do drugs..." She furrowed her brow and wagged her finger at me. "And you'd better not either, buster!" I laughed and shrugged my shoulders. "Oh my goodness! You'd better not!"
"Ha ha ha! I don't anymore. How's that?"
"Okay. That's better," she said sternly. She paused. "So that leaves ass, I guess." She turned her head to me. "Do you want it now or later?" she asked quite innocently.
I wonder if she knows what "ass" means?"Uh...uh...I, uh..." I wasn't sure how to answer that since I didn't know if she knew what she was asking or not.
"Let's go ahead and do it now and get it out of the way. I don't want to go through the rest of the day knowing that I owe you something. Is that okay with you?"
I shrugged my shoulders. "Uh, yeah, sure. That's fine, I guess."
"Great! But let's try to be quick about it. We both have to get back to work. I sure don't want them to think we fell off the face of the earth or anything!" I laughed and nodded my head. She picked up her purse and started rummaging through it. "Let's see...when your son put his, you know, thingy, uh, you know, there, he made it all slick first. I know I have some hand lotion in here somewhere, doggone it. I can never find anything in...there it is! I knew I had some!"
Holy shit! She's actually talking about me fucking her ass! Holy shit!As soon as she mentioned my son, I knew what she was talking about. We'd been at her house recently installing some flooring and one thing lead to another. My son wound up plowing her ass while I wrecked her slit.She really is an ignorant cunt! Thank God for ignorant cunts!
She daintily slid her skirt down her long, toned legs and pulled it over her high heeled shoes. Then she climbed onto the seat and onto her knees so she was facing away from me. Just that quickly I was staring at her heart shaped ass. Her brown rosebud was winking at me.
"Hmmmm. No panties today, Dana?" I asked in a joking tone. "Aren't you the naughty girl?"
"Oh, I never wear panties. I feel much freer without them," she said matter-of-factly. "Plus, it's just that much less laundry I have to do," she giggled. She handed me the tiny bottle of hand lotion. "Would you mind applying this, you know, there, please?"
I smiled a crooked smile. "With pleasure."
I squirted some of the skin-colored goo onto my finger. She gasped at the first touch of the cold liquid to her twitching pucker. I slowly rubbed and swirled around it.
With her head bowed, she said, "Mmmmm, that actually feels kind of...OH!" She yelped when my rough, slick finger slipped through her hole.
I chuckled. "Oops, sorry. I guess it's slicker than I thought. I think you're all lubed up and ready to go."
"Oh, good. Thank you."She's thanking for the ass fucking she's about to take! Ha!"How about you? Are you ready?"
"Oh, hell yeah! I'm ready." I unbuckled and unzipped my pants while she spun around. I slid them down and reached in, revealing my thick, long trouser snake.
Dana lightly gasped. She'd almost forgotten how big it was. There was an immediate furnace between her legs. "Oh my," she whispered. She reached across the center console and wrapped her long, thin fingers around the shaft. It throbbed in her hand. She involuntarily licked her lips. "Well, uh, gee, yeah, looks like you're just about ready. But, um, let's make sure you're nice and, um, slick, okay?"
Before I could answer, her face was in my lap. My head flew back into the head rest. "Oh fuck!" My hand went to the back of her head. My hips began to thrust into her face. She gagged and gurgled. I felt saliva running down my shaft. "Uhhhggggaaa!" Her chin stopped just above my ball sack. Her throat took on the shape of my log.
After only a couple of minutes, she lifted herself up and released me from her lips. She looked at me and swiped her forearm across her shiny chin. "Okay! Well then, uh, I think, um, I think you're ready."
I nodded my head and looked at her with a wicked grin. "Yeah, I think so."
"So, uh, do you want me to come over there, or, um, do you want to come over here?" she asked as if she were asking me to pass the sugar.
"Um, I'll come over there. With the steering wheel and everything, it'd be tough over here."
She nodded. "That's true." Her eyes twinkled in the sunlight. "Okay, then come over here!"
Initially, it looked like we were wrestling with each other. I was trying to climb my 6-foot frame over the center console while she tried to get out of the way. Eventually, I was seated underneath her. She hovered over my pulsing muscle.
She reached under herself and gripped my handle. I placed my hands on her hips. She turned her head and said to me over her shoulder, "Okay, here we go."
A chill ran up her spine when my tip touched her gate. She took several deep breathes. I felt her pucker begin to spread. She bit her lip and pressed down. I started to slide in. She pressed down more. She gasped when the swollen head disappeared inside her. She paused. Another deep breath.
She gave an animalistic growl I didn't think she was capable of making the entire slide down my pole.
When she finally landed in my lap, she stopped. "Oh...my...God..." she moaned.
"Goddamn your ass is tight!" I told her.
"That...that...that's because your, you know, your thingy is so big," she murmured.
"My what?" I sneered. I quickly jerked my hips off the seat an inch or so.
She gasped. "Oh God!" She took a deep breath. "You know, your, uh,thingy."
I leaned forward and wrapped my arms around her, placing a breast in each hand, and pulled her tight. I put my mouth next to her ear and said, "Mycock. Say it. What's buried in your ass? What's about to wreck your ass?"
"Your...your...cock. Yes, your cock. It's so big! It's going to split me in two!"
I chuckled. "That's right. I'm gonna ruin your tight little ass. And you're gonna love it," I growled in her ear. I grabbed the bottom of her tight sweater and yanked it up. "Let's get this thing off of you." She finished the job. She pulled the sweater up and over her head and laid it on the drivers seat. "This thing, too," I said while I unhooked her bra.
She held her hands to her breast and spun her head around. "But, but, what if somebody sees?"
"Then they'll see the finest set of tits God ever created then, won't they?"
Her face lit up. "Gee, thanks!"Unbelievable.
She let the straps slide down her arms. Soon, the lacy white bra joined her sweater on the drivers seat. She yelped when I roughly pinched and tweaked her erect, gumdrop-sized nipples.
"Look at you," I said while I pinched her pointers. "Nipples are all fuckin' hard. You can't wait for somebody to see them, can you?"
She shook her head. "No! No, that's not true." The truth was, she found this surprisingly erotic. But she didn't want to admit to it.
She broke free from my grip and leaned forward. She gripped the dashboard and placed her high heels flat on the floorboard. She turned her head. "Are you ready?"
I gave her a crooked smile. "Ready for what?"
"Well, you know, for this."
"You mean am I ready to collect my debt and fuck your tight little ass? Is that what you mean?"
"Well, yeah," she said quite unsure of herself.
She barked when I jerked my hips again. "Say it," I growled.
She looked back at me. "Yes! Yes. Okay." She took a deep breath. Her expression changed. Her whole body language changed. "Are you..." Another deep breath. "Are you ready...to fuck my tight little ass, Mark? Huh? Are ready to fuck my tight little ass with that big, fat cock?"
Oh shit!I nearly came right there. I grinned. "Oh, I'm gonna wreck this motherfucker."
She smiled back. Her eyes shimmered. "You can try."Oh shit!
She turned and lowered her head, then slowly raised her hips. Her jaw clenched when she deliberately slid back down into my lap. She repeated this several times, picking up speed each time. She was soon twerking in my lap with my hands on her hips.
"Oh...my...God!" she said in rhythm with her thrusts. "You...feel...so...good!"
"You ass is squeezing me so hard! Jesus Christ!"
"Oh...my...God! Oh...my...God! Oh...my...GOD!" She squealed when I reached around and flicked her angry bean. I rubbed and flicked and swirled around it. Her eyes closed. Her jaw was clenched. Her head was down. "Oh...you...fat...cocked...bastard! Don't stop! Don't...you...stop!" I stabbed two fingers through her swollen folds. Her back arched. "Oh my God!" she screamed.
"You like that, huh? You like me fucking your ass while I finger your sloppy cunt? Huh? Do you like that?" I hissed.
"Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes!"
She continued to bounce in my lap while I fingered her gash and thumbed her button. Then, out the corner of my eye, I saw him. It was a young black standing off to the driver's side of the truck. I don't know how long he'd been there. He'd been there long enough to have his hard cock out in the open and stroking it. But I continued to fuck as if I hadn't seen him.
It wasn't long before I could feel her muscles spasm around my fingers. Her kernel was vibrating like a tuning fork. She felt two thunderbolts racing up her thighs.
I mocked her. "You're gonna fuckin' cum, aren't you? You're gonna cum with a cock n your ass like a little slut in the front seat of my car, aren't you?"
She slammed herself into my lap. "Yes! Yes! Ohmagawd, yes! Don't stop! Don't you dare stop!" I pushed down on her button. Hard. And she launched. Her body tightened. The twin thunderbolts crashed into her gash and exploded. "Ohmagawd! Don't stop! Don't stop! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...ohmagaaaaaawwwwddd!" A stampede of thunder and lightning tore through her tan body. Her body felt like it was on fire. Her ass clamped down on my tool like a vise grip. I was going to have trouble explaining the indents I thought for sure she was going to leave in my dashboard with her grip.
I wanted to cum. She was going to make me cum. But there was something I wanted to do worse.
Her body finally stopped convulsing. She reached between her legs and grabbed my still pumping hand. "Stop. Stop! Ohmagawd, please stop!"
I withdrew my hand and held it to her lips. She slipped the fingers between her lips and suck her juices off of them. They left her lips with a "pop" and I chuckled. "You're turning into a real slut, you know that?"
"That's not true! I...I...it's all your fault!" she said with my rod still shoved up her ass. "Wait. Did you not...you know...um, finish?"
"You mean cum? Did I not cum in your ass?"
"Well, yeah, that," she said embarrassed.
"No, no I did not. We're not done yet."
"We're not?!" she asked almost in a panic. "But...but...but we need to get back to, uh, work!"
"You haven't paid your debt yet. C'mon, let's go." I opened the door and rolled my hips, tossing her towards it while she slid off my post.
"Wait! Wait! What...what're you doing?!" she asked while she tried not to fall out the door.
"We're gonna finish. C'mon, let's go!" I said while I helped her out the door.
She tried to cover herself with her arms. "But...but...but I'm naked!"
I smiled and pointed at her feet. "No you're not. You've got your shoes on."
"My wha...my shoes?!"
I pushed her towards the front of the truck. "C'mon, let's go over here." I looked across the hood. "Yo! Dude! C'mere," I said waving to the young man.
His eyes were big as saucers. His head turned side to side. "Who? Me? Man, I didn't do nohtin'!"
This was the first time Dana realized we had an audience. She froze. "Ohmagawd! How...how long has he been there?!"
"Long enough to have a hard on. Look at that!" Her jaw dropped at the long, dark cylinder the man was stroking. Dana stopped breathing. "I know, I know, settle down. We're not mad. We're not mad, are we, Dana?" She jumped when I slapped her ass but couldn't speak. "Yeah, c'mere, dude. C'mere. Sit here," I said patting my front bumper.
The man hesitantly sat down while he tried to hide his manhood. "Whatchu want, man?" he asked.
I smiled at him while I held Dana in place. "How would you like a blow job? How would you like for her to suck your dick?"
Dana's eyebrows nearly flew off her head. She stopped breathing for a moment. "Wait...what?!"
The young man studied my face. "You serious, man? You seriously tellin' me this bitch is gonna suck my dick? Is this a setup or somethin'?"
I laughed. "No setup, I swear. So, how 'bout it? Yes or no?"
"If you're serious, then fuck yeah I want this bitch suckin' my dick!"
I moved Dana closer. "C'mon, Dana, let's go. You heard the man."
"But I...I..." she stuttered. She'd been with two men only once before, and that was just a few days ago with my son and I. She'd never been with a black man before. She was surprised to find herself being turned on by it all. She was about have a complete strangers cock in her mouth, while getting fucked, all out in the open for anyone to see. Her body went white hot.
I played on Dana being a people pleaser. "C'mon, do this for me, Dana. I'd really like for you to do this," I said sympathetically.
She looked into my eyes. "Really? You really want me to do this?"
I nodded my head. "I really do."
Her body had already decided she was going to do it. It didn't take a lot of convincing. "Well, if it'll make you happy..." By the time she turned around, the man had his meat totally exposed and hard as a rock. She licked her lips without even realizing it. She looked into the man's face. "Are...are...are you ready?"
"Baby, I was born ready!"
"O-o-okay," she stammered. She bent at the waist and wrapped her slender fingers around the dark rod. He felt her hot breath rush across the tip. His smell attacked her nostrils.But this will make Mark happyshe told herself.
"Ooooooh, fuck yeah! That feels niiiiice!" the man moaned when her lips slid down his pole. A second later he jerked. "Goddamn!" he exclaimed. "Oh hell no! She just swallowed the whole damn thing! Goddamn, girl! Fuck! I'm gonna stab this bitches brain with my cock and then fill that fucker up with cum! How 'bout dat, bitch?!"
She tried to nod her head. "Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" she moaned. She noted he had a saltier taste than the few other men she'd been with. The smell was stronger.I wonder how far he walked before he got here?she thought to herself while she impaled her face on his post.
I slid in between her legs. I felt a crooked smile cross my face. I looked at the man and said, "Now it's time for me to finish what I started." I held my weapon steady and leaned in. She gave a quick, muffled moan when it touched it to her gaped back gate. I leaned forward. She paused the bobbing of her head and growled while I slid in. I stopped when I was balls deep. I paused. "Fuuuuuuck me! That never gets old!" I groaned.
The man shoved down on the back of her head. "Nobody told you to stop suckin', bitch!" Then he looked at me. "Damn, dude! Did you just stick that whole fuckin' thing in that sweet little ass?!"
I nodded and smiled. "Fuck yeah, I did. It's a tight fuckin' ass, too."
"Goddamn!She sucks dick like a pro! She takes dick up the ass while she's suckin' on my black dick like a pro! Is she a pro, man?"
I just smiled back at him and fought back a laugh. "Hell yeah, she's a pro." She gave a muffled grumble, obviously not happy with my reply. The sound of a crack filled the air when I slapped her ass, which was quickly followed by a yelp. "Shut the fuck up!" I told her.
"Where the fuck you find this ho', man?" he asked while he fucked her throat.
I nodded my head indicating up the street. "Up on MLK and Reno."
"No fuckin' shit?! I ain't never seen her up in there! Me and my boys gonna have to cruise up in there mo' often I guess!" He grabbed her long blonde hair and leaned down. "How 'bout dat, ho'? Me and my boys come through an' pick yo' ass up, huh? We fill you up wit' mo' black dick than you ever had, ho'! You won't ever want another white dick! How 'bout dat, ho'?!"
She tried to nod her head again. "Mmmmhmmm! Mmmhmmm!"
She squealed and lifted onto the balls of her feet when I reached around and stabbed her gash with two fingers. "Damn, Dana, your fuckin' soaked!"
"She likes suckin' on black dick!" the man said with glee.
She snarled while I pumped her snatch with my fingers and rolled my thumb around her angry bean. She got louder and louder. Her ass began to clench around my muscle.
"You're about to cum aren't you, Dana? You're about to fuckin' cum!" I announced.
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!" she barked. She started to push back into my thrusts.
"This nasty ho' gonna fuckin' cum! Come on, you nasty ass ho', cum with my dick shoved down yo' throat!" he said as he back to fuck her face even harder.
Her entire body began to tremble. Every nerve ending was screaming at her. She moaned and squealed while she had an orgasm like no other. It was more than I could take.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna fuckin' cum in your ass! Ohmagawd, it's...fuck! It's so tight! It's pulling me in! Here it comes! Here it comes! Gggaaaahhhhhh!" My head flew back and my chest flew out. The feeling of my hot spunk filling her cavity only prolonged her own orgasm.
The stranger cheered me on. "Dat's right! Pump this bitches ass full! Fuck yeah!"
Dana and my bodies stopped shivering at the same time. I pulled back and out. A white string followed me out until it finally snapped and fell across her ass. A stream began to immediately flow out the hole I just left and ran down the insides of her thighs. Dana fell to her knees while she continued to service the stranger. I pulled up my pants, stepped to the side, and watched her tits bounce with each bob of her head. I pulled out my phone and pressed record. I was definitely going to want to relive this later.
He stood up from the bumper of my truck, grabbed her hair, and shoved it back so she was looking up at him while he continued to assault her throat.
"Oh, yeah! You took dat load up yo' tight little ass! You ready for my load, ho'?! Hmmmm? You ready for my load?!"
She made an attempt to nod. "Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
He nodded and sneered. "Damn right you are! Fuck! Listen up, bitch! I...I...fuck! Don't...don't you swallow one bit! You got it?! And don't you...you...fuck! Don't you spill a fuckin' drop! Got it?! Or we gonna fuckin' do this again!"
"Mmmmmhmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
"Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Fuck! Take it...take it...take it, bitch! Fffuuuucccckkkk!" His hips stuttered.
I watched her throat take on the shape of his meat. She tried not to swallow but it shot straight down her throat. She coughed and gagged, her airways were full of cock and cum. He finally pulled out of her throat and pumped her face. Thick, bland spunk filled her mouth, with each throb of his tool pumping a fresh load.
He finally released his grip on her head and pulled out. Her head sprung back. A trickle of white rolled off her lip.
The man grabbed her chin and pulled it up so she was looking directly at him. "Open yo' mouth, ho'! Open your damn mouth!" She opened her mouth, revealing a spider web of white goo. He smiled and nodded. "Good girl! Now swallow it, bitch!" She took a big gulp, then opened her mouth again. Her tongue was a sexy shade of red. "Damn, girl! You a damn good ho'!" Just before he turned his head to me, I put the phone away. "Yo, man! How much you pay for this piece of ass?"
I smiled and shook my head. "Nothin'. She owed me."
"Dayyyyuuummmmm!" the man shouted in shock. He looked down at Dana, his wilting pole still dangling out of his pants. "Maybe someday she'll owe me!" She barked when he reached down and roughly grabbed a breast. "She got some fine ass titties, too!" He lightly slapped her face twice and started to tuck himself back in. "Thanks for the blow job, bitch. I'll be seein' you around!" He turned and walked off.
Dana glared at me when I reached down to help her back to her feet. "You bastard!" she shouted when she slapped me in the shoulder.
"What?!"
"What?! Really?! I...I...I can't believe you made me do that!"
"Made you do it?! Really? You could've stopped it any time. Hell, you came twice! Looked like you were enjoying it to me."
She shook her head. "No. No I wasn't," she said without any conviction.
"Liar," I said with a smile.
"Whatever!" She paused. She was lying. She couldn't believe she enjoyed that as much as she did!Am I...am I an exhibitionist? No way! That's impossible!"May I get dressed now?"
I pointed at the open passenger side door and grinned. "Clothes are in there, right where you left 'em."
Her hair was tousled. Her skin was shiny with sweat. She had a streak of white running down just past her knees, which were dark with dirt. She was a beautiful mess.
She glared at me while she fluffed her hair. "You owe me!"
"Fine, I owe you," I sniggered.
She took a deep breath. "Well, I guess I should go see if my car's ready," she said as she calmed down. "You should probably get back to work."
"I'm gonna wait here to make sure your car's ready and you get out of here okay."
"Oh! Well, thank you. I appreciate that." She leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. "You're so sweet," she said as if she'd forgotten all about what just happened. "When you get back to work, can you tell them I'll be in shortly, please? I'm gonna go home and change my clothes. Do you think they'll mind?"
I waved a dismissive hand at her. "Nah, I'm sure they'll be fine with it."
"Thanks again for the ride," she said sweetly just before walking away.
"My pleasure," I replied while I watched her ass.Fuck yeah it was my pleasure!