Soul Food part 2
By
Soul71
Thanks to WAA01 for the edits. Do check out his stories if you have the time.
******
It was 4:07 when Helen heard the sound of her husband's truck pulling into the driveway of their home. Smiling lovingly at Denis as he slept so soundly; as he should, given the six times she had milked his cock and balls dry of all that youthful cum. Biting her lip as her sex still hung in the air even after the two hours they had been asleep. Gently rolling out of her son's bed, a lustful wave of passion burned through her body as her fingers skimmed along her bare stomach. Remembering how his lips felt on her breasts as he plowed that hard cock into her needy cunt. She had lost count of the number of times Denis had made her cum. Keeping her giggle contained at the feel of how her pussy was sore and throbbing. Something she didn't think she would ever feel again after George's shooting. Her robe slid along her shoulders as she walked around her son's bed. Watching how he moved in his sleep as her hand lightly brushed through her son's hair. Placing a loving kiss on Denis's lips. Thanking him for being such a good son and allowing her to feel like a woman once again after three long, hard, sexless years. Looking one last time at her son's sleeping body as she closed the door.
Her feet lightly touched each step as she descended the stairs not to wake her other sleeping children. Glad they didn't come home when Denis had her bent over the couch moaning like a harlot. Begging him to make her cum again as he pounded her cunt. She for one didn't think having Denis's cock deep within her would feel so good, she was pleased to know how wrong she was. However, the question remained: how she was going to sneak away long enough to feel her son's cock back within her hot little pussy given that it was Sunday. Shaking her head, she didn't need to think about it right now. After all Denis did fuck her splendidly six times. So she really couldn't complain if they didn't get together today, smiling when George rolled through the front door.
"Honey? I thought..."
"Shh," stepping forward, taking his hand into hers, "feel it baby, feel how wet our son has made my pussy," Helen purred as she rubbed her mound along her husband's hand.
"Well..." George gazed up at his wife as she lightly moaned as he slipped two fingers into her canal, "you are definitely wet, did you have fun tonight?" he asked, smiling up at his wife.
"Mmmhmm," Helen nodded as her sultry gaze fell upon him. Seeing him mouth 'Wow' when she held up her fingers showing off how many times they had sex. Leaning forward, passionately kissing her husband like she has always done when he got home from work. "Now come, let's get you to bed," Helen said sweetly, gently caressing her husband's cheek.
"How did I get so lucky," George sighed happily as he placed his hand on Helen's as she pushed him towards their bedroom.
"Oh, I bribed the fates to make you mine," Helen whispered as she placed a kiss on the top of his head.
******
"Hey Denis?" Shawna called to him as she stood in his doorway once they got back from church. Watching how he slowly pulled out the shirt tails from his pants as he turned to look at her. Her straight, ebony hair brushed lightly against her white, floral, summer dress as she leaned against the doorframe. Recounting how she could make out the smell of her mother's sex even over the air freshener. Only because she was looking for the signs. Will simply went off to bed. She felt sorry for him, she and their mother were getting, will be getting in her case, fucked and Will doesn't even know.
"Yeah?" Denis's eyes ran along her milk chocolate skin, along her neck, imprinting the shape of her lips to memory as they slowly smiled. To the light blush of her cheeks, and how her brown eyes quivered.
"There's a party at the lake tonight, I was wondering if you want to be my date for it," Shawna said, smirking at his shocked eyes. If her mother had already made her move then she wasn't about to miss out.
"Y-you want me to go to a party... at the lake... as your date?!" Denis stammered. He couldn't believe his ears.
"Mmmhmm," Shawna hummed as she stepped into his room. "Am I not pretty enough for you to date?" she asked, feigning a pout.
"What?! No... I mean yes, Shawna you are very beautiful, its just... you caught me off guard," Denis said, feeling his heart racing as Shawna's hands moved up his chest.
She kept herself from laughing, she had never seen her brother so flustered before. However, she couldn't stop her smile from lifting the corners of her lips. It was now or never. Taking the leap, taking her brother by surprise as she finally tasted the lips of the man she's been in love with for so long. Then her hidden passion broke free, she couldn't stop herself, if she even wanted to, as her arms wrapped around Denis's neck as her tongue rolled within his mouth. "So, will you be my date?" Shawna asked, once her lips left his.
"You want me hanging around your college friends?" Denis asked, nervously. Not because she had asked him out on a date. He kind of figured that was going to happen, she has been dressing rather provocatively lately. So, he knew this was going to come, just not this soon. No. His nervousness was from being around that many people, and the fact that if she didn't let him go soon, she'd be feeling something hard pressing against her.
"Mmmhmm. I want them to meet myboyfriend," Shawna said, the luster of her eyes glinted in the light of the room.
"Boy..." Denis's words were silenced by her finger on his lips.
"You. Are. My. Boyfriend. Never forget that," Shawna said, sternly. Biting her lip, enjoying how her body felt against his as she stood in his arms. Her mind wondered what it would be like if they both were naked. "I expect you at eight," she said, her hands memorizing every one of his muscles. Getting one last kiss in before she left her brother to change out of his church clothes.
******
"Fucking idiots!" Denis growled into the mike of his headset as he played Elder Scrolls online on his PS4 an hour after they had lunch. "Yeah, I'm talking to you Eddy! You're the idiot that walked right into that trap," he hissed as his fingers rapidly hammered the button to keep from being over run by the mobs within the dungeon he and his party were in. "Yeah, yeah. You know I make a better rouge than you do if you can't detect a simple trap like that. I think you need to pick another class." Denis chuckled as the other members of his party and also his online friends joined in. So focused on his game that he didn't see his bedroom door opening as he sat in his gaming chair. Didn't hear the locking of his door, nor the sound of light footsteps as they approached his side. Jumping in his seat when he felt a hand on his shoulder. "Mom?!" Denis mouthed as he gazed up at her smiling face. Feeling his left headphone being lifted from his ear and set to the side of it. Swallowing hard as he stared down the valley of his mother's breasts as she leaned forward.
"Baby? Would you mind if I sucked you off?" Helen whispered into her son's ear so his friends wouldn't hear. Feeling her nipples rapidly hardening at the thought of being so naughty without them realizing what was happening to Denis. "Your mama needs her dessert," she purred lustfully into his ear.
"S-sure," Denis said, in a stammering whisper. He didn't think he had any more cum left to give, yet as he felt his manhood hardening it would seem that he was wrong.
"Your uncle called he's going to be a little late. He said he'll be here at 3:30, so that gives me plenty of time to suck your balls dry," Helen said lustfully, as she sank to her knees before her son. Pushing open his legs to give her access to her son's hard tool. Her hands trailed up Denis's thighs as she bit her lip at seeing that bulge in his pants. "You continue your game, while I take care of this," she purred as her hand ran up and down Denis's freed cock.
"Dude?!" Helen heard the combined voices of his online friends say as Denis started to moan as she so delicately pleased that cock of his. "Can't you wait till after we finish this dungeon?!" She heard them teasing her son. Feeling his twitching cock as she gently eased off his rod. Giving the underside of his crown a little lick, foretelling that hard appendage of what was about to happen.
Taking her son by surprise as she took hold of the mike. "For your information, my baby is getting his cock sucked. So why don't you all just shut up and listen or I'll disconnect you," Helen said, grinning evilly at her son as the hoots and howls came over the speakers of his headphones. Giggling wickedly as she lowered her head back into Denis's lap. Her pussy throbbed like mad for being so naughty. There was no telling how many were her son's age or younger. How she teased her son relentlessly keeping him at the edge of cumming only to pull back for fifteen long grueling minutes. Her brown eyes flashed evilly as she stared up at her son. Her tongue teasing the underside of his cock as she saw the look in his eyes, that told her he so needed to cum. All the while she was listening in on the boys as they razzed her son. Watching her son squirm in his seat as she gently stroked his cock and fondled his balls.
Listening to Denis's groan as her hot mouth engulfed his cock once again. Working her tongue and gentle suction on his cock, she knew she didn't have to apply too much pressure to it for it to explode.
"Shit! Fuck! I'm..." Denis grunted unable to hold back any longer.
Helen's eyes rolled into the back of her head as her son's large load flooded her mouth. Her eyes always on her son as she slowly swallowed every drop of his cum.
"You fucking lucky bastard. Wished I could be doing that!" Retorted one of his party members.
"I don't think Pralydril (Denis's online screen name), swings like that mate," said another, causing a round of playful ribbing on their friend.
"Now you go back to playing, remember 3:30," Helen said lovingly, as she caressed her son's left cheek. "Thank you for dessert, I'll try not to interrupt your gaming time again." Giggling at how the boys pleaded with her to do so without worry that they were there. She wondered how many of them were touching themselves as she sucked on her son's rod. "Tonight, once you get back, I'm going to fuck you so hard you won't walk straight for a week," Helen said, with a mischievous grin which got another round of hoots from the boys on the line.
"Damn. Fuck. I'm fucking wet!" Helen arched an eyebrow when she heard a young woman's voice over the speakers. "This is on you Pralydril!" Biting her lip as they all listened to how wet the girl's pussy was as she rubbed and spanked her little kitty.
"Well, maybe, if you're close I'll let my baby take care of that," Helen spoke into the mike as she winked at her son.
"Fuck I'm cumming!" the girl screamed as they all listened to how sloppy wet her pussy was as she rubbed her clit.
Blowing her son a kiss as she walked to the door chuckling at how red he was getting. Wondering what that girl was saying to her son as she slipped out of his room. Her hips swayed as she walked down the hall, with her mission complete and her stomach full of her son's cum. Helen couldn't think the day could get any better.
******
Ray Charles's 'Georgia On My Mind' was playing as he walked down the stairs. A soft smile formed on his face as he heard it playing in the living room hearing his father singing along something he normally did when he sang to his mother. Crossing his arms along his chest as he leaned against the doorframe watching how his mother sat in his father's lap as he slowly spun around in a circle. Seeing his mother blushing like mad, something she always did when he would catch the two of them being all sweet on one another. Giving his father a small wave to which George nodded before going back to enticing his wife.
"Have fun baby," Helen cooed blowing her son a kiss before giggling bashfully as George whispered sweet nothings into her ear.
"Bring us back some dinner!" George called out as he heard the front door opening. Knowing the spot his brother fished at had a great selection of Crappie and Bass (small and large mouth), swimming in those waters.
"You got it Dad," Denis answered as he opened the door. "Hey Uncle!" he said excitedly, as he climbed into Stan's old '92 Ford pick-up. Something Stan only drove when he was towing his bass boat behind him. Performing their own private handshake that ended in a fist bump before closing the door.
"Sorry about the late start," Stan said, apologetically.
"Don't worry about it," Denis said, waving it off. "Spending time with family is what counts, right?"
"That it does," Stan said, flashing his nephew a smile before pulling away from the curb.
An hour had past since Denis had left to go with Stan to go to their local fishing spot. Will sat on the edge of his bed, pondering on what to do, how he was going to tell his father that he heard and smelled his mother having sex with Denis the other night. The walls were thin, he had always heard his parents making love until the day his father was shot. Wondering why his own mother would do that with Denis? Was it because Denis had blackmail on her? Was he using it to twist his mother around to do his wicked bidding? If so, he would stomp Denis into the ground. He might not have the body of his adopted brother; his body might be thin and frail yet he wasn't about to allow Denis to defile his mother anymore than he already has. Still, he knew he might not win against Denis. Denis might just pound him into the ground and force him to keep his mouth shut about the affair. Shaking his head at the thought, he knew his brother, Denis wouldn't raise a hand against him even if Will was beating the shit out of him; or at least he thought he knew his brother.
"Will?" Shawna knocked on his bedroom door before sticking her head in. "Dad's calling for you," she said, holding her towel to her chest foretelling of the shower she was about to take to get ready for her date with her brother.
"Its now or never," Will said to himself. He so hoped this didn't lead to his parents divorcing. If they did and his mother shacked up with Denis, then she would be dead to him. "Okay, thanks sis," he said, reaching over for his glasses sitting on the nightstand beside his bed.
"No problem," Shawna said, flashing her brother a smile before she sashayed into Denis's room to use his bathroom. She planned on doing other things in his room before she took her shower -- namely coating Denis's bed in her juices.
Will's footsteps resounded on the stairs as he steeled himself to lay this devastating news on his father's shoulders. Hearing his mother humming in her bedroom as he passed it as he headed to his father's study. "Don't worry Mom, I'm going to save you," Will whispered softly. Knocking on the door of his father's study as he stood in the doorway.
"Come in Will," George said, looking up, smiling at his son. He could tell something was bothering his son even if Will didn't show it. "Have a seat son," he said, gesturing to the chair across from his desk. Arching an eyebrow when Will closed the door.
"Dad..." Sinking down in the leather seat unsure what to say.
"What is it Will?"
"I don't know how to say this," Will stated uneasily.
"Then just say it," George said, waiting for his son to gather his thoughts.
"Mom's having an affair," Will blurted out.
"I know," George stated inwardly smirking at his son's shocked look.
"Y-you know about Mom and Denis?" Will asked, flabbergasted.
"Of course, I know son. I was the one who asked Denis to do it in the first place," George said, in a matter-of-fact tone.
"But Dad, don't you realize how wrong that is?!" Will exclaimed.
"Listen son, do you realize how hard it is for me to see my wife, the love of my life, suffer because I can't give her what she needs?"
"But why Denis!"
"Because I trust him, search your heart William and tell me would you rather your mother be out at night hooking up with some random guy, putting herself out there where she might get hurt or Heaven forbid killed or raped? I certainly don't want your mother cheating on me, I know that would just lead to divorce among other things. I knew in time she would, not saying she has yet," George said, holding up his hand as his son started to speak. "But three years is a lot to ask of a woman to go without sex when she's had a steady sex life before this," he said, gesturing to his chair.
"But Dad..."
"No buts William! I thought long and hard on this. This was the only solution I could think of and still keep the woman I'm still madly in love with. I just didn't suggest it on a damn whim son!"
"Why didn't you ask me Dad? You know I would have considered it," Will said, looking down at his lap.
"Because Denis isn't our biological son," George stated plainly. "I know you would have son, but could you actually go through with it? I'm not saying that asking Denis to fill in for me as a man was a wise call, but its better than watching your mother leave and never returning because you know she would before she ever thought about cheating on me. I'm sorry you are upset about this but this is the way things are now. Plus, you've been so busy with your schooling I didn't want to break your focus when you're so close to getting into med school. Do you know how proud I am that you're following in my footsteps?!" George exclaimed smiling warmly at his son.
"But why did Denis agree to this?" Will asked, trying to wrap his head around it all.
"Because he did it for his family, for you, Shawna, your mother, and me," George said, matter-of-factly.
"For me?" Will asked, confused at his father's words.
"Yes for you," George nodded, "how would you feel if you learned that your mother was cheating on me? That she was the cause of our family's break up?"
"Like shit," Will sighed. "Like I'm feeling right now," he admitted.
"See, and that's what your brother was trying to prevent. You know Denis loves you, and all of us in his own way given what happened to him before he came to us."
"Yeah," Will whispered darkly. Balling his hands wishing he could make the people that hurt his brother pay.
"So... have you given any thought about what we talked about last week?" George asked, interlocking his fingers as he rested his hands on his desk.
"You sure it would be good for me?" Will asked, lifting his gaze to his father.
"Yes, if you're planning to be a researcher then yes, it would be. It will give you a leg up among your peers when you get to med school," George nodded, even though Will didn't need a PHD to be one, he thought Will could fill in at his clinic during the weekends if he got his PHD.
"Okay, I'll do it," Will nodded.
"Then you'll need to fill out these forms for the internship," George said, holding out the papers to his son. "Fill them out the best that you can and I'll put a good word in for you," he said, winking at his son.
"Okay Dad," Will said, rising from his chair. At a lost on how to act around his mother and Denis now that he knew.
"Will," George called out to his son as he reached the door.
"Yeah?" Will answered turning to look at his father.
"I know this news is upsetting to you but try to be happy for your mother. I certainly am. Have you seen your mother smile like she has been all day in the past three years?"
"Not like that no," Will admitted. Recounting how alive and gleeful his mother has been all day long.
"Then be happy for your mother, it could be worse son. Your mother could be driving a wedge between us and breaking up my wonderful family; yet she isn't, Denis isn't going to replace me as the man of the house, just in the bedroom. Remember what your brother is doing to keep our family together, alright?" George stated in a kind, warm tone.
"I'll... have to think on this."
"If you can't see past this, hopefully you won't interfere with your mother, and if you can't I'll have to ask you to move out. I'm not about to lose my wife, we'll get you an apartment close to your school if that comes to be," George said, letting his son know that this was the new norm for their family.
******
"Man, did you see that fish!" Denis said, as Stan pulled up along the curb as the clock struck six p.m.
"I know right, that sucka' is going to land on my hook one day!" Stan chuckled in agreement.
"When that happens Uncle you better call me, because I want a piece of that thing given the number of snapped lines and lures its cost me," Denis said heatedly, yet the smile on his face told his uncle it was in jest.
"Oh, you know I will, you think I'll catch that thing and not rub your face in it," Stan retorted with a hearty laugh. "Now you be good, you hear me?!" he said, in an authoritative tone as he hugged his nephew.
"Of course, I'm not about to disappoint Mom and Dad," Denis said, firmly.
"You're a good kid, keep your nose clean. You don't want to turn out like me."
"Ah Uncle, you ain't so bad, once you get past that sad evil villain haircut of yours," Denis snickered.
"You watch it, don't be disrespecting the evil hairdo," Stan said, wagging his finger at Denis, who burst out in laugher. "Don't forget your fish." Stan's voice trailed after Denis as he slid out of the truck.
Reaching into the bed of the truck. Picking the cooler off the bed that housed the beheaded and gutted fish. "See you at the fish fry next weekend," Denis said, as his smiling face appeared in the passenger side window. "I can already taste that flounder!"
"I'll make sure to save you two fillets," Stan called out to his nephew before pulling away to head home.
"Hey baby!" Helen said, greeting her son warmly as Denis walked through the door. Her blue jean shorts contoured to her toned thighs and her round alluring bubble butt. Her light pink V-neck t-shirt hugged her chest tightly detailing how firm and round her 38D breasts were. Showing off her body to the two men in her life that brought such pleasure to her. "What do you have there?" Helen asked, her eyes looking at the cooler in Denis's left hand.
"Dinner!" Denis exclaimed as he held out the blue and white cooler.
"Oh?! What did you catch?!"
"Three small mouths and half a dozen Crappie," Denis said, matter-of-factly. Knowing how his father, along with his uncle, loved them, it was why he learned from his uncle on how to catch them so he could bring a smile to his father's face.
"Oh my! Your father is going to love this!" Helen cooed happily taking the cooler from him. "You go get cleaned up and I'll get these filleted and in the fridge for tomorrow night's dinner. I know someone is looking forward to tonight," she said, with a coy smirk. Looking behind her making sure Will wasn't around, unaware that he knew of their forbidden relationship. Stepping closer to her son, her nose wiggled at the smell of the fresh water of the pond they went to clinging to his body, leaning in tasting the lips of her sweet boy. Her thumb brushed lightly along his right cheek as she pulled away as she lightly sucked on Denis's lower lip. Her cheek brushed along his, "Leave your door unlocked tonight, I'll try to be quiet, yet this," reaching down gently caressing his cock, "is just something Mama just loves deep inside of her," Helen whispered lustfully before her tongue rolled within Denis's mouth. "Now you go shower, you smell like fish," she teased as she backed away. Purposely shaking her ass as she walked to the kitchen.
Popping his head into his parent's bedroom seeing his father dozing on top of the bed. Noting how his chair had somehow rolled out of reach. Lightly stepping into the room so not to waken his father. Setting it the way he liked it that was the easiest for his father to slide into once he awakened. Setting the brakes so it wouldn't move again or while his father was climbing into his wheelchair. Looking to the picture that sat on the nightstand that stood next to his father's side of the bed. Seeing his father standing beside his mother, Will and Shawna in front of them while his eleven-year-old self the odd ball in that happy family. A smile rose the corners of his lips as he thought about that day. It was the day; they took him along with his siblings to the park to have a picnic where his parents told him that he was officially a McCarty. He might not have shown it at the time, but he was so overjoyed that they had accepted him into their family when they didn't have to. Remembering the look on the old man's face when his father asked the man to take a photo of his family. He could never understand why anyone would judge someone on the color of his skin. There were far more, worse, things out in the world, namely on the street, that one's skin color was of little import. Then again, until eight years ago, Denis had only one thought -- Survive! Wondering if their lives were so uneventful that they allowed such things to take up a portion of their minds.
Shaking the thought from his mind, what other people thought of his wonderful family didn't hold much weight to him. The only people whose opinion that truly mattered to him was his family. "Love you Dad," Denis whispered so not to wake his father, gently squeezing George's hand to tell him that he had made it home safely. Silently slipping out of the room, walking up the steps as quietly as he could so not to disturb his father's slumber. Denis was proud of how hard his father worked especially after his shooting. He made it his life mission to make his father's life as easy as he could while George was at home. Stopping in front of the door of his sister's room, peering through the crack of the door seeing Shawna dancing around in a red thong and without a bra on.
Denis couldn't look away as his sister's 36C breasts bounced and jiggled. When they stopped swaying long enough for him to study those perky orbs. Her areolas were large, larger than he ever seen in the nude photos on the net. If he had to guess they had to be three inches around, yet that wasn't what caught his attention. No. It was the fact that his sister had inverted nipples unlike their mother. Wondering how he could make those nipples pop out so he could suck on them like his mother had taught him to. Continuing his trek to his room so his sister wouldn't catch him spying on her near nude state.
"Hey bro!" Denis said happily, as Will sat at his desk as he was studying three different textbooks at once. Denis could never understand how his brother could do that. He always admired his brother for being so smart. Always keeping his nose clean, never getting into trouble, unlike him. Denis hoped that Will got everything he worked for even if his brother left him behind in the arena of academia. That didn't matter to him, he wanted his brother to be happy, to be successful so that Will would never know the pain and the hardship of what its like to be poor and homeless.
"Hey Denis," Will answered not taking his eyes off his studies. Trying to keep from looking at his brother, he still couldn't get his mind around what he and his mother were doing. He also couldn't believe his own father was the one that wanted this.
"Mind if I come in, or do you really need to study?" Denis asked, he always enjoyed hanging out with his older brother. He never said it, Denis was a tad jealous of how smart Will was. He knew their father was proud of that fact. Not that George wasn't proud of Denis either, just Denis knew he would never measure up to Will's smarts.
"Need to study," Will muttered not ready to have that discussion with his brother until he could make up his mind if his mother fucking Denis was a good thing or not. Yet he wasn't about to admit he was getting hard at the thought of it.
"Oh... okay," Denis said, a little sadly. It'd been weeks since the two of them had hung out just for the hell of it. However, he knew Will's studies were important to him. "Well... I'll let you get back to it then, sorry for disturbing you."
Will's eyes glanced to the right at the sound of his brother's voice. Was it right to take it out on Denis, after all he was doing this for them. Was it right to pull away from his brother seeing how Denis didn't want to see his family breaking up? "Denis?!" Will called out as his brother turned to head to his room.
"Yeah?"
"Sorry, just got a big test tomorrow and I really need to study for it."
"Don't worry about it, I understand," Denis said, somberly. "You've always been good at school; better than I ever will be. I hope you ace it," he said, with a genuine warm smile.
"Why don't we go to the movies tomorrow night?" Will asked, knowing he couldn't take this out on Denis. That wouldn't be right, and in truth he had seen how happy his mother had been all day; and for that he would always be grateful to his little brother.
"Really?!" Denis's eyes got a little luster to them in his excitement.
"Yeah man, after this test I'm going to need some time to wind down," Will said, with a toothy smile.
"Oh! Its so on, that place isn't going to know what hit it when the McCarty boys strolls in," Denis said, puffing out his chest in false arrogance.
"Man, I wish I had your confidence Denis," Will admitted.
"And I wish I had your smarts so Dad could be as proud of me as he is of you and Shawna. But we each have our own strengths and we're family. If we stick together we're unstoppable!" Denis said, with a cocky smirk. "Well... I need to hit the showers, hope you nail that test bro," he said, waving to his brother as he eased out of the doorway. "Oh! I caught you a small mouth today, Mom's going to cook it for dinner tomorrow."
"Thanks!" Will's voice trailed after his brother. "Yeah, we are family, forgive me for ever doubting you Denis," he whispered his apology to his brother.
The moment Denis stepped into his room his nose immediately wiggled as he caught a scent that he had just recently become acquainted with. The smell of sex in the air! Yet it didn't smell like his mother's that only left one other person... "No... not Shawna, she wouldn't... would she?!" Denis muttered to himself. Taking his shoes off with the toes of his feet as he pulled his shirt off. His old, dirty tennis shoes that he only wore to the pond to go fishing thumped onto the floor of his closet before his shirt found its way into the hamper along with his shorts. Opening the other closet that his mother had turned into his own personal linen closet. Taking a clean towel off the middle shelf, closing the door, tossing his ankle socks into the hamper as well knowing he wouldn't be needing them if he was going to the lake tonight. He'd rather not get sand in his shoes, or socks, for that matter.
Flipping on the light switch of his bathroom, his jaw dropped and his eyes went wide at the sight of the feminine products in his bathroom. The pink razor that sat on the edge of the two person tub that he rarely used, given the large amount of water it took to fill the thing. The can of FairyLillyCreation, vanilla scented, shaving cream for women sat beside the pink razor. That wasn't his mother's brand, nor were any of the moisturizers, lotions and other products he rightly didn't know what their purpose was for that cluttered the table beside the sink. Did Shawna really want to share a bathroom with him? Was there something else to this altogether?! Denis rightly didn't know. Reaching into the shower stall, turning on the hot water, and notching the cold water handle a few turns to get it just right. Placing the towel on the sink before pushing his boxers from his hips and kicking them towards the door.
Shawna placed her ear to her brother's bedroom door. Gently easing it open, biting her lip as she heard his shower going. Giggling to herself as she tiptoed towards the bathroom door. Now that she was finally going to make her brother hers, she saw no reason not to gaze at Denis's naked wet body. Listening to the sound of the water striking the walls of the shower.
"Shawna!" Denis yelped in surprise as his sister thrust open the shower door.
"Looking good li'l bro," Shawna purred sensuously, as her eyes ran down Denis's body. Catching sight of the cock she's been dreaming of, of having both sets of her lips wrapped around it before his hands covered his manhood. "No need to be shy Denis, you got an eyeful of my tits," she said, with a mischievous smile at his wide eyes. "Why can't I see my boyfriend's yummy cock, hum?"
"But Shawna..." His eyes ran down his sister's skin tight top while flaring out at the bottom, red dress that ended at her midthigh. Noting how she wasn't wearing a bra beneath it, causing blood to flow to his male organ.
"No buts Denis, I want to see it; the cock I'll be sitting on," Shawna cooed, reaching in pulling his hand away. "Oh... mmm..." Her mound moistened as she watched how that phallus began to grow before her very eyes. "Very nice li'l brother, I'm so going to enjoy that," Shawna said, libidinously. "Now you finish, I want my man looking sharp. I want every woman there drooling over the man on my arm that they will never get to experience," she stated before blowing her brother a kiss as she closed the door. Her hips swayed; her ass moved alluringly beneath her dress as she left the room.
Powering up her brother's PS4, something she did occasionally when she didn't have a class or was bored. Rubbing her ass into the seat to mark it in her scent like she had done with his bed.
"Pralydril!" She heard the voices of her brother's online friends greeting her thinking it was her brother once she signed into the game. "We thought you wouldn't be back tonight?"
"Oh, you think I'm my boyfriend? He's in the shower at the moment, I'm just killing time before I can put on my face for tonight," Shawna said, as she ran around the town Denis was in wondering how far he'd gotten in the game. Switching to the map, "The bastard's farther than I am!" she growled knowing she was going to have to put some hours in to catch up to him.
"Wait! You don't sound like the other woman from before?! If you're his girlfriend then who was the other woman?!"
"That was his other girlfriend," Shawna stated. Grinning evilly as she killed a guard knowing that was going to make her brother wanted in town. "Serves you right for getting better gear than me."
"What?!"
"And you're okay with that?"
"Why wouldn't I be?" Shawna responded.
"Damn. I so hate him now!" Shawna snickered at the plight her brother was going to be facing once he got back online.
"So... you going to suck him off too while he plays?" One of the group asked rudely.
"A lady never sucks and tells," Shawna answered. "Well li'l boys, my man's out of the shower," she said, hearing the water cutting off as she was led away to the jail after slaughtering ten guards. "He and I have a party to get to. Now don't you all spank that monkey too much," Shawna said, knowing how they talked to her they were most likely virgins. Turning in the seat as she heard the bathroom door opening, "Oh... I definitely like what I see," she purred as her eyes ran along her brother's wet hair, watching how a droplet of water ran down her chest. Feeling her nipples popping out as she stared lustfully at her brother's chest. Laying his controller down, bending at her knees, her fingers danced up the back of her left thigh lifting up the hem of her dress. Smirking at her brother as she showed off her covered mound. Sauntering gracefully over to her brother, watching how his eyes moved up and down her body as she knew her nipples were clearly on display for his eyes.
Her eyes taunting him to gaze so lewdly at her tight, twenty-year-old body. Knowing that once the party was over, that cock of his would be buried deep within her pussy and every night or when her mother wasn't visiting his bed. A wanton light appeared in her eyes as her hand reached through the opening of his towel. Smirking as her brother jumped as she caressed her brother's soft cock. Leaning in, allowing the heavenly scent of her perfume to fill his mind, "There's no need to be so skittish Denis, after all you aren't a virgin any longer, now are you?" Shawna whispered into his ear. "I've waited so long for you brother, and tonight is the night I finally get to have you. The things you and I are going to do in this very room. The nights that I'll beg for your cum as I ride this cock," her soft hand gently stroking her brother's cock, "your tongue tasting my hot pussy. My hand pressing you against it as I cum on your face. That is what you, dear brother of mine, have to look forward too," Shawna cooed lovingly. Feeling her mound throbbing as she held her brother's growing rod in her hand. "Now you get dressed, I still have to put on my face," she said, kissing him passionately. Her left hand sneakily ripped the towel from his hips, her brother did not need it where she was concerned. She loved seeing her brother's naked, hard body.
It was 7:55 by the time Shawna was ready. Like her brother she too wore her high priced sandals due to how high heels wouldn't be practical on the sandy beach that the party was being held at. Looking back at Denis as she shook her ass for him as they walked down the hall. She didn't want Will to see her pawing at Denis, which took all her will power not to push him against the wall. Her older brother so didn't need to see her rubbing her mound against Denis's cock as they tasted each other's tonsils. Her Rockport Women's Total Motion Zandra, curve ankle strap, black leather sandals resounded on the steps as her fingertips skimmed along the banister. Her eyes glanced to the left seeing Denis's reflection in it. Biting the inside of her cheek as she noted how his black, button, down shirt detailed his chest. Noting how good his ass looked in his rye colored stone washed Chino shorts.
"You two going somewhere?" George asked, as he rubbed his wife's feet that were resting in his lap. Peering over the back of the couch as his daughter and Denis walked past the doorway to the living room.
"I told you honey, they have a..." A sinful smile formed on her lips as the mouthed the word 'Date'.
"Oh right," George said, trying to keep his smile from showing. "I expect you to be a gentleman Denis," he said, in a stern fatherly voice he had always used when Shawna brought home one of her current boyfriends.
"Of course, Dad," Denis nodded.
"Baby?" Helen's raised hand, her beckoning finger telling him to come to her. Her eyes gazed lovingly at George as she heard her son's approach.
"Yeah Mom?" Denis asked, bending forward when she told him to come closer.
"Tonight, don't wash your cock, I want to know what Shawna's pussy taste's like on it. Then after I clean it, I'm going to make it dirty again," Helen purred into her son's ear. "Now you two have a good time at the lake," she said, placing a lingering, loving kiss on Denis's left cheek. "Be back before eleven, it's a school night for Denis," Helen stated in a motherly voice.
"Yes Mom, don't the two of you wait up," Shawna called out before she shut the door.
******
It took them thirty minutes to reach the lake, another ten to reach the area where their party was in full swing as the paper lanterns and the bonfire illuminated the tan sandy beach. The sound of the car doors echoed in the twilight air as Shawna stared lustfully at her brother. Watching how he looked nervously at the party, while she watched how the breeze tugged at his hair and his clothes. To her mind it was if the Fates were telling her that Denis was the one that was meant for her. Walking around the front of her mother's BMW holding out her hand to Denis. She was not going to let this night be in vain. If they had to spend the night on the edge of the party so Denis could be comfortable then that was what they were going to do. If her friends couldn't understand that then they weren't truly her friends to begin with.
"If you don't feel comfortable being here Denis, you let me know and we'll head home," Shawna said, as his hand slipped into hers.
"No way sis, you wanted to come here. I'm not about to ruin my date's night out," Denis said, smirking sinfully at his sister. "Unless someone makes a move on my date, I don't see a problem hanging out with your friends."
"Oh Denis," moving closer to him allowing her body heat to soothe him, "I promise we are going to enjoy the party," Shawna said, before lightly kissing his lips so not to mar her lipstick. The only time that was going to happen was when she got her lips around his cock.
"Shawna!" Cried out a gaggle of college age woman who were clustered in a group to the left of the bonfire.
Looking to her brother when he gave her hand a squeeze. Watching him nod towards them, then telling her he'll get them some drinks. A warm smile raised the corner of her lips as she watched her brother walking over to where the coolers were. However, her eyes could not look away from her brother's ass as it moved beneath his shorts. It wasn't until her friends pulled her into the center of their little cluster did her eyes look away from the body she had lusted after for years.
"Spill girl, who is that cutie?!" asked her long time friend since Shawna had started college. Not one of them had ever met Denis before so they wouldn't know that he was her adopted brother.
"He's my boyfriend," Shawna said, shooting her friends a coy smirk at their stilled words. Smiling when she was bombarded with thousands of questions all at once.
******
Denis was digging through the cooler looking for a bottle of water for himself or a zero calorie one so he could stay in his weight class. Sighing when he couldn't find either so he had to settle with a diet one. Not something he wanted to drink he knew the moment the drink touched his lips he'd have to spend a few hours in the garage to burn off the calories. That's when he felt someone walking up behind him. Closing the lid as he turned seeing a group of guys approaching. He knew the look, it seemed to him, there wasn't much of a difference between the cliques in high school and college. So, he left before they got there.
Walking back over to his sister. Unaware of the eyes that were on him as he walked past the bonfire. While he wasn't the only white boy there, yet all the other's hadn't walked up hand in hand with Shawna. Little did Denis know of how popular his sister was with her classmates. Denis stumbled forward as someone struck him in the back with their shoulder.
"Shawna baby!" The twenty-one-year man with a cocky grin on his lips exclaimed as his arms were outstretched.
"What do you want Phillip," Shawna said, in disgust.
"Oh come on, don't be like that," Phillip said, laying on the charm. "Why don't you come have a dance with me, and then let me take you out somewhere nice and quiet and get to know each other very well," he said, undressing Shawna with his eyes.
"Yeah, how about fuck no, now get lost for the last fucking time. If you bother me again I'll get a restraining order and file charges of stalking. I wonder how all them scouts will take that news," Shawna said, scowling at the thought of spending one moment alone with Phillip. Her friends closed ranks as they noticed the change in Phillip's behavior. They all knew that Phillip didn't take rejection well. That was why those with half a brain didn't give him the time of day.
"You heard her get lost," Patty said, sternly. Crossing her arms, being on the girls wrestling team she was probably the only one there that could possibly match Phillip's strength enough for one of the other guys there to step in should the need arise.
"Shut the fuck up dyke!" Phillip barked. Unaware how his friends were starting to drift away. Then he felt a hand on his shoulder.
"You heard my date, leave. Now," Denis said, forcibly. His eyes burned in his anger at the audacity the man had to speak to his sister like he had just done. Dropping the drinks that were in his right hand to the sand should it come to blows.
"Who the fuck are you..."
"Dude. Stop. You're fucking making a fool of yourself. If you haven't fucking noticed that dude is about to kick your fucking ass, and you will lose badly. I know, I've seen him fight. So back the fuck off or I'll drag you out of here my damn self before you make the rest of us look like asshats as you're currently being," the man to Phillip's left whispered into his ear, the only friend Phillip had left standing at his side.
"Where the fuck are your balls, I outweigh this ass," Phillip growled shaking off his friend's grip.
"Shawna, you might want to go call an ambulance, maybe the cops," Denis said, narrowing his eyes as his right hand balled into a fist.
"See. He's already fucking scared aren't you cracker," Phillip snarled.
"Dude, you are so fucked. Don't say I didn't warn you. When you finally wake up after he's done kicking your ass don't come back to the fraternity. We've had enough of your attitude and all the crap you cause around the house."
"What the fuck ever, run along you little pussy," Phillip said, before throwing a haymaker to take Denis by surprise.
Denis had suspected that this might happen. It was easy to bob and weave as Phillip's punches were nowhere near as precise as those he had fought in the ring. Sand was kicked up as he danced around Phillip toying with the ass.
Phillip sucked in a gasp as Denis's punch dug into his gut. His eyes bugged out as a rapid pounding on his midsection followed. "How can he hit like a ton of bricks?" Phillip asked himself. He felt his teeth creaking as his head was jerked back from the uppercut Denis had landed. He felt himself falling backwards he could not believe he had just gotten his ass handed to him by a guy that was shorter and smaller than he was.
"What the fuck just happened?!" Patty and her friends stared in shock of what had just taken place before them. Shawna, however, had a smile on her face as she gazed at her man.
"Lift your fucking chin!" Denis growled as Phillip tried to pick himself up. The 'Damns' and 'Ah shits' floated around as Denis's left jab landed squarely on Phillip's jaw knocking him out cold once again.
"I warned the idiot," his friend said, as the lip of the beer bottle touched his lips. "Loved that title fight," he said, smiling at Denis. "Can't wait to see you defend it next month," holding out his hand to Denis, "I'm Kyle." Noticing all the gaping mouths, namely Shawna's friends, he even heard his other friends snickering at Phillip's plight.
"Denis," he said, shaking his hand just like his father had told him to do long ago.
"Sorry that idiot ruined your date night," Kyle said apologetically, kicking Phillip's foot whose body just moved slightly telling him he was still out of it.
"Keep the idiot away from Shawna we'll call it even," Denis said, coldly. He was not prepared when Shawna and her friends swarmed around him.
"Damn not even a scratch," Patty whistled as she studied Denis's hands. "I take it bare knuckle boxing isn't anything new to you?"
"No..."
"My boyfriend won the city's featherweight belt last month," Shawna said proudly, as she looped her arm around Denis's right.
Denis yelped as the gaggle of women pulled him away from the mass group. Looking at his sister for help, yet he got the feeling that she wasn't going to save him given the smile on her face. Patty and his sister kept him rooted in place as their friends ran around getting everyone drinks, chairs, blankets, and oddly enough an iPod with speakers. Shawna pulled Denis down onto the log that sat upon the sand as her friends setup their chairs and the iPod.
"So spill, how did the two of you meet?!" asked one of Shawna's very excited friends.
"Can I Denis?" Shawna whispered into his ear. Knowing how he didn't like his past spoken of unless he was okay with it.
"Just not all of it," Denis responded.
"I was twelve when I first met Denis. At first we started out as friends then in high school I was forced against the lockers and almost sexually assaulted by one of the football players. That was when Denis here," Shawna said lovingly, squeezing his hand. Noting how all her friends were eyeing her brother lustfully. "Showed up, took the jerk down with one punch and continued to pound on the boy until he got the message never to mess with me again. Which he didn't, given I pressed charges against him that ended his little high school career." Seeing every one of them riveted to her tale. "That was when I fell in love with him," she sighed as she rested her head on her brother's left shoulder. Smiling at her friends combined 'Awes'. Her hand rubbed along Denis's forearm, so happy that she finally got to do this. She was glad she never brought any one of her friends over to their home. Then they would know that Denis was her brother and she wouldn't be able to do this in the open.
"So... are you in college?" Patty asked, eyeing Denis. Knowing the way he moved he had to have been boxing for some time. Wondering if she could speak with her coach about recruiting Denis onto the team.
"No, don't think I got the grades or the brains for that," Denis admitted. "All I'm good for is punching things."
"Don't you dare talk like that!" Shawna gasped. "You've done so much; I don't know how you could have done half the things you have. You are more than just a pair of fists," she said, sternly. "Having brains isn't all there is in life Denis, have I ever put you down because you lag behind in your studies due to what happened before..."
"What happened?!" Her friends asked all glued to her words like it was a soap opera happening before them.
"Denis... was abused... a lot," Shawna said, biting her tongue before anything else slipped out. "He never knew his parents and the people the state placed him with tormented him like you wouldn't believe," she said, her hand running along his back. Feeling all the scars that marred his skin. "So, because of what was done to him his schooling was limited."
"Oh my god! That's horrible!" They said in unison. If Shawna didn't know any better she'd suspect most, if not all, of her friends were falling for Denis if their eyes were any indication. She was going to have to keep an eye on them. She was not going to lose her brother to anyone of them!
"Well, don't you worry honey, no one here is going to judge you," Patty said, as the other girls nodded. "Kyle talked about a title fight next month, is that true?"
"Yeah," Denis said, bashfully. Earning him a round of giggles that heated his cheeks. "It's a rematch fight."
"Do you think you can win?"
"When is it?!"
"Ladies, we're here to party not grill my boyfriend," Shawna stated with a coy smile.
Denis was sure he had every guys hatred there as eight, beautiful, stunning, and drop dead gorgeous women danced, shaking their asses and breasts in his face as they turned up the volume of the speakers to drown out the noise by the bonfire. However, as his sister danced before him with her back to him. His eyes just couldn't look away as she shook her ass before his eyes. He felt himself hardening as the hem of her dress was lifted by the breeze showing off those kissable ass cheeks of hers.
"I bet you won't let your boyfriend eat you out right here," Kay -- as Denis came to know her -- said with a challenging smirk.
"Oh, and just what if I win, what do we get?" Shawna asked, stilling her movements. Yet the thought of Denis's lips on her mound, tasting her to her heart's content was getting her very aroused.
"I'll let you use my room to fuck for four days," Kay said, they all knew how she valued her privacy and to offer it up they knew this bet was serious.
"We already have a room where we can fuck until we're too weak to move, what else you got," Shawna shot back with a smirk.
"Shawna?!"
"It's okay Denis, you don't mind if we just do a little bet, right?" Shawna asked, batting her eyelashes at him.
"Hey, its okay," Patty said, bending forward, knowing her shirt was hanging open allowing him to gaze at her bikini covered breasts. "No one here is going to tell a soul what happens here, and its dark this far away from the fire. No one's going to see it anyway. So, it will remain between us," she said, winking at Denis.
"How about this not only does Denis have to eat you out, but you also have to fuck him. Then we all will tutor him to make sure he gets in. But if you lose, then we all get to date him at least once," Amber said, with a round of vehement nods.
"Deal. Be prepared to make sure my baby gets high marks," Shawna said, confidently. There was no way she was going to lose, nor was she going to allow the girls to ever get their hands on the cock that belongs to her! Reaching behind her, peering over her shoulder at Denis as she lifted up the hem of her dress. Leaning forward, her skin heated as she felt his hands on her ass cheeks. "Oh god..." Shawna gasped as Denis didn't wait to be told as she felt his tongue running up her covered mound. Kay placed her hand over her mouth so not to alert the others over by the bonfire while she held onto the shoulders of two other friends to steady herself. "Yes Denis, taste me," she pleaded in a muffled voice as she felt her nectar soaking the fabric of her thong. Whimpering, her eyes rolling into the back of her head as she finally felt her brother's tongue on her hot cunt.
"Damn, look at him go," Patty mused as she watched with stunned and hungry eyes as Denis hadn't once ease his efforts to taste Shawna's pussy for five long minutes.
"I know, makes me wonder why they," Evia said nodding to the bonfire, fighting herself from touching herself like everyone there. "Never taste us more than two minutes." Her eyes glanced to the left as Shawna's squeal was muffled by Kay's hand.
"He's even licking her cream up!" Patty said, in awe.
"You lucky bitch," Kay whispered into Shawna's ear playfully.
"Denis! Oh god yes!" Shawna screamed out behind Kay's hand as his lips captured her clitoris. God. She needed his cock in her. She didn't care if she was going to fuck her brother in front of her friends. She was tired of dreaming of what that hard tool would feel like deep within her cunt. Reaching behind her tapping her brother's shoulder telling him to let up so she could get to the main event. There would be plenty of time to have that cock in her mouth, especially when she got home. Feeling her friends creating a wall keeping unwanted eyes from viewing what was about to happen. Taking hold of Denis's hand once she sat in his lap facing him. "Feel your sister's pussy Denis," Shawna whispered into his ear. "Feel how wet you make my pussy." Her brown eyes burned in her hunger as she rubbed her brother's hand along her wet cunt. Feeling his hard cock poking at her as she sat on his lap. "How about you stick that cock into your hot, sweet, caring sister's pussy," Shawna purred as she eased down his zipper.
How she had dreamt of this as her hand slipped into his pants. Her lips lightly plucking at his to keep his attention elsewhere. Biting her lip as she felt the heat of his cock. The way she felt his pulse on the palm of her hand as her fingers wrapped around its shaft. Lifting her hips slightly once she had pulled his phallus out of the confines of his shorts. Her eyes always on his, so Denis would know that once he entered her their relationship would go from brother and sister to lovers and hopefully in a few years, marriage. Hey, a girl can dream can she not?
"Oh Denis!" Shawna lightly moaned as she sank down on her brother's rod. Her body trembled as she slid further down his hard, hot, pulsating pole. After the last boyfriend she had, that looked somewhat like Denis, but not enough to draw suspicion to her, which was two years ago, that was the last time she had sex. Given the looks he was giving her when she called out for Denis as he fucked her, not well mind you, they were both virgins. Nonetheless, she couldn't take it anymore. Her obsession with Denis drove her to take that boy to bed on their prom night. Once it was done she felt so dirty, so ashamed that she allowed her lust, her need to let him have what Denis should have gotten tonight. Her innocence! After that night she never saw him again. He just couldn't measure up to her sweet brother, and no one ever would. "God. Your cock feels so good deep inside my wet pussy," Shawna purred. Her lips capturing his as her hips rolled as she quickly rode that hard cock. They couldn't fuck all night like she wanted to on the first day of spring break. Plus, she knew how tight she was given the two years of just getting herself off with her fingers. If she was truthful with herself, she desperately wanted to feel her brother's cum flooding her womb.
She knew she should have made Denis wear a condom, yet she didn't think she'd be fucking her brother on a bet in front of everyone either. Not that she was complaining, yet she wasn't on birth control. Even though she should have been given that she knew she would be riding her brother's cock. However, her lustful mind wanted the risk of Denis getting her pregnant. If that did happen she would deal with it then.
Shawna felt her dress being lifted as she rode that hard pole. "Damn, she's already creaming his cock!" Kay whistled. Watching how it slipped out of Shawna's pussy. Kay licked her lips at Denis's wet cock, as well did the other girls. Noting how Shawna reached down, gripping the base of his cock before returning it to her wet cunt.
"You ride that cock Shawna, make it cum!" Patty urged Shawna on while keeping her voice low.
"Look how she's trembling she's close," Amber whispered, slightly annoyed that she wouldn't be getting that date. Watching how Shawna slammed her hips down, and the squeal that was muffled by how she was passionately kissing Denis.
"God. Denis its so hot!" Shawna moaned as she felt her brother's seed sitting deep within her cunt. Leaning in tasting the lips of the man she's just made love to and she didn't feel embarrassed in the slightest. Feeling his wet cock sliding out of her as she lifted herself off his lap. Arching an eyebrow when he quickly stuffed his manhood back into his shorts. She was going to suck it clean. Then again, Denis was probably embarrassed that he had to perform in front of others. So, she let it slide not knowing the true reason. "A deal is a deal, right?" Shawna asked, shooting her friends a look.
"Well Denis, it seems you'll have all of us tutoring you. I bet all the guys you know will be so jealous that you get to spend time alone with seven single, hot, college women," Kay said, smiling down at him as she cocked out her hip.
After that they went back to enjoy the rest of the party. Denis noticed the nods and raised drinks when his sister and her friends always had him surrounded. It seemed to him none of them wanted to let the other women at the party get their claws into him, since word had spread that he had knocked out that ass Phillip Dungdee. Denis also got the feeling everyone of his sister's friends were trying to lure him away from his sister and the other six. It was draining having to be on guard for the rest of the night. He couldn't remember when he had been touched so much, nor when he had a girl's breasts rubbed against him so often. Once it reached 10:15 knowing they had to get back before curfew. He was not expecting to have seven different numbers stuffed into his pocket.
"I'll get the info from Kyle about the match, after what I saw you do to Phillip. I'm kind of excited to see what you can do in the ring. Who knows you might be able to get a sports scholarship if you want to go to college," Patty whispered into his ear as she slipped her number into his back pocket cupping his ass as she did. Knowing if he was half as good as she thought he was then her coach would definitely want him on the college's boxing team; and if she was right about him then she was sure Denis could take them to the championships. "I look forward to our private tutoring sessions," Patty purred lustfully before waving goodbye to Shawna who glared at her as she walked back to the party.
They made it home with fifteen minutes to spare. How Shawna wanted to make out with Denis in the driveway yet knew that would draw too many looks from the neighbors. Sighing in her mind when she couldn't walk hand in hand to their home. Although, his eyes on her ass wasn't a bad consolation prize.
"Hi Mom," Shawna said, once she walked into the house. Handing the keys back to her mother who was standing in her robe waiting on them to get home as she kissed Helen's left cheek. "I enjoyed tonight Denis," she purred sensuously, as she looked at him as her left foot rested on the first step of the stairs. "How about next time it's just the two of us?" Shawna winked with a lustful smile at his rosy cheeks. Loving how she could do that to her brother, also loving how his cum felt leaking out of her cunt on the drive home.
"Go get ready for bed baby, I'll be up in a minute once I get your father ready for his shift," Helen whispered in want once Shawna headed up the stairs.
Denis released a breath as his back bounced on his bed once he had stripped off his clothes. Still feeling his sister's sex on his cock. Wondering if his mother was really going to do that. Hearing the garage door closing, seeing the headlights of his father's truck as it shone through the window above his bed. Peering down his body as his door slowly opened. His mother's body was haloed by the hallway light as her ravenous eyes gazed at his near naked body. Her hands loosened the belt of her robe as she stepped into her son's room. Feeling his cock swelling as the door slowly closed behind her.
To Be Continue...