*I know this story is moving a little bit slowly, but it will be getting much more sexy and intimate in the next installment. Victoria will be an important character and John and this mystery woman's exploration of their kink is only just beginning.
As always, if you have any feedback or thoughts, I am always open to them. Feel free to leave them in the comments.*
--------------------------------------------------------
John opened his eyes, moaning with discontent as his alarm screeched, 8:00 AM flashing on the screen. He hadn't slept much last night, worried about the woman in the window and how she had noticed his gaze. Even worse, he had a class with her this morning. Hailey? He was pretty sure that was her name. He got dressed in his usual attire, jeans and a t-shirt and headed off to class.
John's first class drug on for what seemed like hours, he couldn't stop imagining how badly things could go in his next class. As his teacher, Professor Hua, continued to talk through binary, and the different ways that memory was stored in modern computers, he just couldn't pay attention to what would normally be a fascinating subject for him. His next lecture was huge, which just made him all the more worried that she would confront him and make him look like an idiot in front of more people. People would think he was some kind of pervert, and he didn't need anything extra holding back his social life anymore than he already was on his own. He could imagine her yelling at him and pointing her finger in his face as he calmly tried to defuse the situation. As a thousand more bad scenarios ran through his head, his attention was brought back to class, his professor had dismissed everyone and they started to leave their seats, many of the guys chatting and comparing notes from the lecture as they walked out the door. A few of John's friends tried to chat with him, walking away after he answered them with silence, obviously in his own world.
His heart was pounding as he walked to class. John spotted her from across the room and he thought he was going to faint from embarrassment and worry. He sat down, and opened his laptop, fearing the worst but realizing there was not much he could do about it at this point. He might as well just accept his fate and try to get through class. As roll-call started, he heard her name, "Josey, that was it," he thought to himself. They made eye contact across the room as she raised her hand indicating her presence, but her attitude towards him seemed blank, like she had looked over only because she had felt his gaze on her. The look in her eyes told John that she might have recognized him, but it was gone so quickly that he might have just imagined it. She calmly looked away and went back to typing on her laptop.
John was stunned. He had never been more worried about anything in his life. It should be said that John had been a straight arrow his whole life, some might even say sheltered, he had never done anything that could even possibly get him in trouble. He was very averse to risk-taking. He had to remind himself that he was on a college campus, and he was probably not the first guy to notice that you could see across the plaza into a girl's window. He tried to reassure himself that her look of indifference probably meant she wasn't going to try to get him into any kind of trouble. He let himself relax for the first time in almost 16 hours and he felt much better.
The rest of his day went on almost like nothing had happened. The thought of the previous night was now in the back of his mind, it was still there, but it wasn't worrying him like it had been before. He went to his classes, paid attention, took notes, and left class feeling satisfied and relieved. He met up with 3 of his friends at the Starbucks on campus to bullshit and talk about whatever coding projects they were working on, as he normally did. They chatted idly about Javascript and Python, dreaming up projects too big for their minds to wrap around, having just enough understanding to understand what was possible, but not enough to understand the work that would be required to execute it.
As they talked, John spotted a familiar swaying pair of hips out of the corner of his eye. He looked up and saw Victoria entering the coffee shop alone. She made eye contact with him and presented him with a warm smile, his heart melting, as he felt a similar amount of heat between his legs. His surprise must have been obvious, because she giggled as she walked past maintaining eye contact, her attention shifting as the barista at the counter greeted her. After she had ordered her coffee, she pulled up a chair and sat down directly across from John as his 3 friends stared blankly. The stunned silence and awkwardness was apparent as she sat down, but Victoria seemed to be enjoying the attention almost as much as the power she had over the men at the table.
"I heard you're going to be at the party on Friday, John," Victoria said with a cheeky smile. She paid him full attention, ignoring the fact that there were other people at the table next to her.
"Yeah, I-I-I am," he responded nervously, not quite understanding how she knew that or why she was bringing it up.
"I also heard you aren't going with anyone."
"Yeah, I mean Ricky is going with... Rochelle," he struggled to remember her name through the heartbeat pounding in his chest.
The barista called Victoria's name, signaling the ending to their conversation.
"Well I'll see you there then," Victoria replied with a wink, as she got up to retrieve her sugary mixed coffee drink from the worker at the counter.
She left the Starbucks without a second look at the group of guys, 3 of whom were staring at John now, dumbstruck.
"What in the living fuck was that about?" his friend Steve asked.
"I have absolutely no idea,"
Their conversation continued without much eventful conversation, the air was a little heavy with tension, as John could feel that his friends were feeling both confused and impressed after the encounter with Victoria.
The meeting ended more quickly than usual, and John started to head back to his dorm. It had been quite the eventful day for him, he was tired, but that feeling was overwhelmed by the reassured confidence he felt in himself after not being punished for looking at the girl through the window, and the extra attention he had been paid from Victoria today. He had a suspicion that she wasn't really interested in him, and just liked the effect she had on him and his friends, but he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. Part of him still hoped that she had understood what he was trying to do the other day when he had attempted to talk to her, but that was still a long-shot.
John walked into his dorm feeling good, after the previous night, he hadn't expected this day to go as well as it had. He opened his door and stepped in, but he noticed something under his foot, what looked like a letter. It had obviously been slid under his door, and had feminine hand-writing spelling out his name. He wasn't quite sure who the letter could be from, he thought maybe Victoria, but that didn't seem like her style. He opened the letter and his eyes went wide as he started to read:
"John,
I know that you know who I am. This letter is to let you know that I know who you are too. I know who your friends are, and I obviously know where your dorm is..."
He gulped at that sentence.
"I'm not sure if you have noticed, but I'm not the person who particularly enjoys a lot of attention, or who wants people to know my business. That being said, the amount I enjoyed being watched last night surprised me. By the time you read this, my window will already be open, and I'll most likely be at my desk doing homework. If you're interested, I would suggest you look and see for yourself."
The letter continued, but John's curiosity was immediately piqued. He held the letter in his hand as he walked over to his window and pulled the blinds to the side. When he located Josey's window, what he saw was a nude woman at her desk doing homework, her large breasts resting on her desk as she was obviously lost in thought, trying to decipher whatever the problem was in front of her. She felt his gaze, as she looked up and met his eyes across the courtyard. She smiled devilishly, and put her pointer finger to her mouth, reassuring him that whatever happened was between the two of them.
Their windows were close enough that John could see most of the intricacies of her body, but definitely not with the kind of detail that he wanted to. He felt his pants start to get tight around his crotch as his cock started to push against his pants, begging to be released. Now finally having an audience, Josey turned her chair so that it was facing the window and sat back down and spread her legs. She started to look at him through their windows and reached her hand down between her legs. He couldn't tell exactly what she was doing, but he could see her upper thighs glistening from her juices and a corresponding wet spot in the middle of her chair. He pulled down his pants and pulled his member through the slit in his boxers, already as hard as granite and throbbing. She laid back in her chair, getting comfortable, her long red hair reaching just past her tits. The thing John noticed the most though was her smile, it was genuine and its radiance was strong enough to be felt across the distance between them.
Josey maintained eye contact with him as she started to rub near the top of her wet pussy, first starting slowly and then moving faster and faster as her orgasm built. Soon moving two fingers down to her hole, and entering it as her thumb continued to rub her clit. John's pace matched hers as they stared into each others eyes, too far to feel each other physically, but not too far to enjoy each other sexually. As her head leaned back looking up at the ceiling, John could only imagine the moan that she produced, he imagined it as an animalistic and throaty sound, like the ones he had heard in porn but more genuine. Just the thought of it sent even more blood to his already throbbing cock. He was starting to get close to his climax as he watched Josey shudder and spasm in her chair, even from this distance he could see her large chest moving up and down with her gasped post-orgasm breaths. He came as he did the night before, but harder, the idea that it was mutual now was driving him wild. He shot cum all over the window as his legs started to shake. As soon as he had regained his composure, he looked across at Josey. When their eyes met, she blew him a kiss, and turned around and bent over, showing him her curvaceous and shapely ass. Then quickly turning around and shutting her windows for the night, the light in her room being extinguished shortly after.
Just as he had the night before he cleaned his own cum off of the window with a wet towel. As he laid down in bed, he realized he had not even finished the letter that she had slipped under his door. The letter finished:
"If you tell anyone about this, I will spread the word about you. Everyone will know that you looked through my window, without my permission. I will humiliate you. No woman will want to talk to you, and everyone, including your friends, won't look at you the same way. Unless I approach you, we will not talk in public, and you will pretend you don't know me. I don't know you and I am not about to be known as the exhibitionist slut on campus. As long as you follow these rules, you're free to look into my windows any time they are open.
Talk Soon,
XOXOXO
Josey"
John felt scared, but also extremely aroused at the last section of the letter. The idea that a woman, and a gorgeous one at that, would give him permission to spy on her at any time, and would go to the effort to get naked for him and show off for him like that, was still very difficult for him to comprehend. But at this point he didn't have much of a choice, except to follow her instructions. He definitely wasn't going to give up the opportunity to explore this woman any way he could, even if it was from afar, but he had to make sure to keep his mouth shut about it.
Regardless of his fear and his excitement, the day had worn him out, and John laid down to get the most restful sleep he had gotten in a long time.