"You're not allowed to get changed into your gym kit at work anymore!"
Cat had snuck up close to me so she could lean in to say that right in my ear while i stood with my drink at the bar. It was a Friday night and a few of us had come out together, straight from work, for a few drinks.
We'd been out for a couple of hours, wandering around town, hopping from bar to bar. This was a new thing for us as a company; the monthly nights out were something Cat had instigated when she joined the company earlier in the year. I won't pretend that i wasn't thrilled when she came to work with us; to say the office was as lively as a graveyard was an understatement before. Now we have an outgoing, fun, socialite thrown in with us and suddenly it's worth getting up in the morning to go to work. It probably helps that she's one of the most beautiful women I've ever had the pleasure of meeting; although I'm not sure I'm supposed to admit that, considering we're both married to different people.
"Why, is it not a good look for me?"
"It is, that's the problem. How am I supposed to concentrate at the end of the day when you walk through in your lycra tops, with your muscles on show? It's a very good look for you."
I work out pretty regularly, most mornings before work and I go Thai boxing a few evenings during the week. I know I'm in reasonable shape but I never expected that I'd be able to illicit that kind of compliment, least of all from someone as beautiful as her. As a fairly average red-haid I don't often get to draw that much attention so when the stunning beauty you've spent the last few months trying not to get caught staring at across the office says that to you it's a huge ego boost.
Too bad she has to be drunk to say it. We've all had a bit to drink and even though it's only about 10pm quite a few of the crowd that started the night with us have already decided they'd had enough and gone home. She was slurring her words a little bit and put her hand on my shoulder for some extra support.
"That's good to know. But, now that you've told me do you really think I'm going to stop doing it?" I wasn't sure where she was going with this conversation so I tried playing it cool to start with; even if I was a giddy fourteen year old on the inside.
"Honestly I hope you don't stop. It's a nice treat at the end of a hard day."
At this point my ego is doing somersaults. I can't really stress enough how beautiful Cat actually is, or how perfectly she fits my 'type'. Tall, slim, with long brown hair hanging almost all the way down to her waist; tonight she has it loose with just a single braid running back from her right temple. Her eyes are piercing and shift regularly from green to blue and anywhere in between. Like me she's a keen fitness fanatic and she's wearing a short mini-dress to show off the kind of long, slender, toned legs you'd expect to see on a professional model.
"I'll be completely honest," she continued "I know you're married, and so am I, but if we were single I'd have dragged you to the toilets by now and fucked you into next week!"
Holy shit that escalated quickly! I was happy with the compliment about how i look in lycra but that was something else. I'd love to say I was able to come out with some kind of cool, witty response but, honestly, I was just standing there in stunned silence desperately wracking my brains for what to do next. Fortunately she came to my rescue by completely ignoring my silence and carrying on.
"I know I'm not supposed to say things like that but there's something about you that just gets me going; your style, your personality. It's not just the way you look."
"Trust me, the feeling is definitely mutual." That was the best i could manage at this point.
"I don't want you to think I'm just saying this because I'm drunk. I know people think you can't trust anything that drunk people say but I like to think it gives them the courage to be more honest than usual."
"I couldn't agree more, and I'm definitely glad to hear that you feel that way."
"I definitely feel that way. And believe me, I would do things to you that you haven't even imagined yet!"
"Really? Go on," I prompted. I was getting a handle on my own nerves and starting to enjoy myself. I had no intention of letting this escalate beyond the naughty conversation that it was but I still wanted to enjoy it while it lasted.
"I'm talking 50 Shades shit. I know I'm a couple of years older than you but that doesn't bother me, it just means I can teach you things."
"Oh really, you're gonna teach me?"
"Oh yeah. Trust me, I know what I'm doing!" With that she leaned in and her tongue snaked out and slithered quickly up my cheek.
I was already surprised by the direction this night had taken; now I was totally stunned. I'll be honest, I had no idea what to do, so I did nothing but stand there in shocked silence while she flashed me a menacing grin and stared me down with a devilish glint in her eyes.
"I would turn it around for you!" It didn't take much for me to figure out what she meant by that and, frankly, nothing she'd said up until that point had excited me quite as much; I love anal play. Before I had a chance to respond with anything at all her hand shot out so that her fingers could cup my crotch, squeezing my cock through my jeans. If i wasn't hard already, I certainly was now. Sadly, that was a problem. I couldn't let this go as far as us doing anything physical; flirting and talking about sex were acceptable but if it went any further I was worried I'd have to put a stop to it.
Fortunately for me she decided she'd teased me enough for now and danced off to where some of our other colleagues were still drinking and chatting at a table nearby. I turned back to the bar and downed my drink in one, hoping that focusing on something so simple would help to clear my mind and give me back some semblance of composure.
The evening continued like that for another couple of hours, her sneaking over to me when no-one was looking to whisper, usually in great detail, the next filthy thing she imagined doing to me before darting away again before I could respond, until Cat and I were the only ones left and all of our friends had made their way home.
On past nights out with work Cat's husband would often join us after a few hours and they would leave together in the early hours of the morning. This week, however, he was away on a skiing trip with his friends, leaving Cat to find her own way back to an empty house. Knowing that we'd already agreed earlier in the day that I would share a taxi with her and take her home; considering just how drunk she was I didn't feel comfortable letting her make her own way back. Had I not been drinking that night I'd have got us a taxi back to the office, where my car was parked, and driven her home myself. Instead I put her arm around my shoulders to help keep her upright and we slowly made our way to the nearest taxi rank.
I was conscious the whole way there of how close she was to me, how her body felt pressed up against mine and of the sweet smell of her perfume. Trying to keep my head on straight and resist the ever increasing urges was one of the greatest challenges i've ever faced. It didn't help that every now and then she would lean in to kiss or lick my cheek and neck and ear lobe.
"You're not making this easy for me, you know that don't you!" She just giggled and grinned at me, knowing exactly what she was doing and just how badly she was winding me up.
When I finally found a driver willing to take us i bundled her into the back seat and climbed in beside her. I tried to get her to sit on the far side to help us both resist the temptation but she insisted on taking the middle seat, right next to me. The second the car pulled away she leaned over and resumed her assault on my face with her lips and tongue, only this time her right hand snaked its way up my thigh and onto my crotch, squeezing and caressing my cock through my jeans again.
My heart and mind were going insane. I was desperate to join in, to turn my head and kiss her with all the passion I had coursing through my veins. To let our tongues slide over each other while our lips locked in a soul-merging embrace. I wanted to slide my tongue down her slender neck and repay the attention she was offering me. My hand was twitching, going crazy for the chance to slip up her exposed thigh, under her dress and into her panties.
The war was raging inside me between my loyalty and love for my own wife and the burning compulsion to give in to the embodiment of temptation and passion that was sitting beside me, pressed up against me. She kept on rubbing my cock through my trousers and i was beyond hard, ready to explode, beyond control.
I gave in; I couldn't take it any longer. I let my right hand slip over onto her thigh and felt, more than heard, the slight gasp of her breath as my fingers stroked the soft, porcelain skin of her left leg. Her own hand squeezed down hard on my shaft, even through the denim i could feel her nails digging in; some might have found that painful but i enjoy it rougher than most. I traced my fingers higher up her leg and felt her breath quicken as her legs parted slightly of their own accord. All the way up i worked, running my finger tips in tight circles, lightly, just enough to graze the skin; she'd been driving me crazy all night, now it was my turn to return the favour!
Her left hand reached up to my cheek, tilting my mouth down towards hers. I didn't resist, I'd already come too far. I gave into the temptation and accepted pleasure over honour. Fuck it was worth it! That first kiss alone was like an orgasm; my mind exploded as our lips locked and our tongues clashed together, fencing and grappling with one another.
My fingertips had reached all the way up to edge of her panties and traced up and down the lining. I allowed them to graze gently over her pussy as they shifted over to the other side and I could feel how drenched the fabric was, soaked through after several hours of thinking and talking about sex, not to mention the last few minutes of intense foreplay. Her mouth pulled away from mine as she exhaled involuntarily as my finger brushed her clit; even I could feel just how swollen it already was through her knickers, desperate for more attention. I did it again coming back the other way, a little harder this time, and she let out a soft whimper, her legs twitched from the intense shock that fired out from her clit and blazed its way along her nerves, throughout her body.
When the surge subsided and she recovered from the mini-orgasm she grinned and dove straight back in to continue the kiss, her hand massaging more aggressively than ever before. I started circling her clit through her panties, my fingers sliding, smoothly and frictionless, over the soaking wet material. I could hear her moans coming from deep in her throat, resonating along her tongue and onto mine.
All too soon the driver spoke up to ask us if we were anywhere near Cat's house. Sadly, we were, and I've never been so disappointed to come to the end of a taxi ride. A journey that must have taken nearly half an hour had felt like mere seconds and I hadn't had time to do a fraction of the things I wanted to. All the same I broke away to guide him in the last few turns but Cat never took hand away from my crotch and I could feel my orgasm building. I silently prayed that I could hold out for just a few more seconds, trying my hardest to focus my attention on giving directions to the driver rather than on the beauty pressed up against me with a devilish smile, furiously rubbing and squeezing my cock. I looked down to notice that her left hand had wormed its way up under her own dress and between her legs where it could continue what mine had started.
The taxi pulled into her driveway and I paid the driver before helping Cat out. We stood there for a moment as he drove away before Cat wrapped her arm around my shoulder again for support so that we could get to the door. She still stumbled slightly so i reached down behind her legs and lifted her up into my arms to carry her the last few steps. She giggled and smiled at me before burying her face back into my neck to lick and suck below my ear.
I put her down so that she could get her keys out of her bag and open the door, then she stumbled through and deactivated the alarm at the panel before it went off.
"I hate that thing, but i guess it's better than being burgled."
"What, you don't like feeling a secret agent disarming a bomb every time you walk through your own front door?" I joked. God I'm such a nerd!
She giggled at my terrible joke and sat down on the bench beside the front door to take off her thigh-high boots. Even though the pause between leaving the taxi and entering the house had given my conscience the chance to half-heartedly resume its internal battle, I decided I'd made up my mind and helped her out. Before she had the chance to unzip and remove her boot I knelt down in front of her and took her right foot in my hands. I reached up, slowly, between her legs to the top of the zip, allowing my fingers to brush the skin beyond. I locked my eyes with hers as I slowly drew down on the zip, all the way to the end, near her ankle. As I slid my hand in through the open slit and ran it up the back of her calf she drew in the corner of her lower lip and gently bit it. I gradually pulled off the first boot and, while still holding her bare foot in my, ran my fingers up the inside of her leg once before lowering her foot back down to the floor. As I switched to the other leg I couldn't help but drop my gaze down between her legs, it was the first time I'd actually seen her underwear and noticed the colour and style; a navy blue thong of satin and lace, the darker patch in the centre where she'd soaked through both the gusset and outer material seemed like a beacon, beckoning, drawing me in. My heart pounded harder and faster when I lowered my gaze to see how the thong strung its way between her cheeks leaving them exposed.
I took off her second boot in the same way and, after standing back up, reached down to lift her up and wrap her tightly in my arms, drawing her in for another deep, intoxicating kiss. I took off my own shoes and jacket and she led me towards the stairs.
Seeing her stumbling slightly in front of me I was reminded of how much I had sobered up over the last few hours, and how she definitely hadn't. My conscience took the opportunity to remind me of just how terrible a person I was being, taking advantage of her vulnerability, and I started to doubt whether or not I should follow her or just make a run for it now and get a taxi when I made it safely outside. Instead I compromised and made the decision that no matter what else might happen tonight, I would absolutely not fuck her. That was going to be the final line I would never forgive myself if I crossed.
I helped her up the stairs and she guided me through to her bedroom, where I waited as she went into the en-suite bathroom. When she re-emerged a few minutes later I dragged her back in.
"You need to take your contacts out." I ordered her and she did without any argument at all. "Where are your makeup wipes?"
"They're in the cabinet over there."
I dug out the wipes and started using them to remove all of the makeup so that it didn't damage the sheets during the night. It's something I've had to do for my own wife in the past; she may not drink often but the few times she has she's had way too much.
When I was satisfied that all of it had come off I led her back through to the bedroom and peeled her dress up and over her head while she stood next to the bed. I went to lay the dress over the back of a nearby chair and as I turned around I took the opportunity to admire the figure of the goddess in front of me, standing there utterly resplendent in just her underwear; toned legs, tight abs and a pair of perfectly formed natural C-cup breasts, all framed and displayed in a matching set of navy satin and lace thong and bra. She stared straight at me, biting her lip again as she held her arms out at her sides and twisted slightly to show off her spectacular body. My mind had to slap itself on the inside to wake up and do something. "Wow!" I could do little more than stand there, wide eyed with my jaw resting comfortably on the floor at my feet, and that was the best I could manage to get out by way of a compliment.
"You should get comfy. I'll be right back." I turned away from beauty before me and went back downstairs to the kitchen to distract myself by collecting a drink and some painkillers that I knew she'd need in the morning. I needed a little bit of time to get ahold of my nerves and regain some composure before heading back in. I could hear movement coming from upstairs followed by the stiff creak and soft rustling as she flopped onto the bed and slid under the sheet. I gathered up what I needed and made my way back to the bedroom.
It seemed that the sounds I'd heard were those of her stripping out of her underwear, which was now lying in a messy pile on the floor, by the bed, where it had been casually discarded. Even without close examination I could see the white, wet streaks on the gusset of her panties and I felt yet another tug of temptation to know just how turned on she was.
I felt a sharp pang of disappointment when I noticed that her eyes were closed and I assumed she was already falling asleep. I bent down to give her one last kiss goodbye and noticed for the first time the soft buzzing sound coming from beneath the sheets that were now constantly shifting slightly, back and forth. She opened her eyes and her right hand snaked its way up and out from under the covers to take hold of mine. She'd obviously decided that I was taking so long that she'd have to take matters into her own hands, literally, to get the job done. She locked eyes with me and her lips parted as her breathing sped up. I could see the movement of the bed sheet accelerate where her left hand was buried between her thighs with a dildo.
My mind and body went fucking mental! One of my biggest fetishes playing out right in front of me as a beautiful woman masturbates, staring me dead in the eye. "God I wish I could join in."
"You still can, this would be more fun if you were doing it" she beckoned.
"If i were doing it, and if we had enough time, you wouldn't be lying in bed with a dildo between your legs. We'd be playing my favorite game."
"What's that?"
"It's called 'How many times can i bring you to the edge of orgasm without sending you over'; it's a working title."
"I think I can guess...how it works" she joked. Her breathing was getting deeper again, her hand still working away between her legs, and it seemed to be getting hard for her to get full sentences out without breaks.
"Well, for starters, you wouldn't be lying in bed with a sheet to hide you from me. You'd be standing with your back to that door, your hands tied at the wrists and raised above your head. A spreader bar between your ankles to keep nice, easy access." At the mention of being exposed without the sheet she released my hand and flung back the covers to give me a full, unobstructed view. I could now make out everything: her abs flexing and relaxing with every breath, her perfect breasts with their small peaks standing tall and proud, the sweat starting to bead and glisten over her shoulders, the smooth skin over her mound without so much as a dusting of hair on it. But, above all, I could now see the fingers of her left hand wrapped around the hilt of a rabbit dildo that was slowly plunging in and out of her. Every time she drew it back out it caught the light and practically glowed with how wet it was, the thin band of white cream starting to form near the base as her cum left its mark. She had it set so that the beads inside the dildo were slowly rotating and I took that to mean that she was only just warming up, getting ready for a much longer session before she switched on the vibrator that would target her clit.
"I'd slip a set of heavy beads up inside you and then repeatedly bring you to the brink of orgasm, as close as I can get you, but never quite let you have the release you want. Every time you drop the beads, every time you misbehave or do something I don't like I add another trip to the edge; we'd start with five."
"Only five? That doesn't sound too bad" she boasted.
"I think you'd be surprised. It's tougher than it sounds and a lot to endure. Plus, with how wet you are I doubt you'd be able to hold onto the beads for that long before you let them slip and I have to put them back in" she grinned at that.
"What can I say, I've been enjoying myself tonight. So how would you bring me to the brink of orgasm then?"
"Slowly. Very slowly. I'd start at the top and work my way down from there. I'd kiss and caress your neck with my lips and tongue, just like you did in the taxi. I'd gradually work my way down your body, tracing my tongue around the crease of your breasts before easing my way in towards your nipples." While her left hand was busy with the rabbit her right hand slithered up her body and settled on the mound of her right breast, softly stroking with her fingertips in an attempt to match the sensation I was describing to her.
"I'd use my tongue to curl circles around your nipple before drawing it in between my lips and sucking, flicking it with the tip of my tongue while it's trapped in my mouth." She grabbed her nipple and pinched it between her thumb and finger, letting out a soft gasp and moan as an intense shockwave coursed through her body.
"I'd do the same to your other nipple before gradually kissing and licking my way down your stomach, looking for all the most sensitive, tingly parts of you. The parts that when they're touched send pulses up through your entire body and into your brain. I'd work my way all the way down pussy...and then I'd go straight past it." I was watching her hand as it traced along her midriff, down past her belly button, towards where her left hand was still busily thrusting every few seconds. I saw the disappointment written plainly on her face when I told her I wouldn't be stopping there yet. "I'd run my tongue and fingertips up and down your thighs getting closer and closer every time. I'd use my tongue to clean up the streams running down the inside of your legs while my fingers trace the crease at the top of your thighs, just out of reach of your lips." In order to help herself simulate it she drew her right knee up so that she could reach her thigh with her fingers; a soft moan escaped her lips as she adjusted her position. Stroking up and down her thigh and teasing her own nerve endings so close to her most sensitive parts was driving her wild. Her eyes were shut and her breathing was being punctuated by the occasional moan or gasp or whimper. I had no intention of letting her cum yet, and I wanted to draw this out for as long as possible, so I reached down and took hold of her left hand where her fingers were coiled around the dildo's handle. I slowly pulled back on her hand and drew out the toy. Her eyes flew open and she looked at me in surprise.
"Trust me, it'll be worth it and I'll let you have it back soon enough." The disappointment was plastered across her face and she whined as I switched off the dildo and placed it on the bed within reach but still, she closed her eyes again and allowed her left hand to join her right.
"Now for my favorite part: using my tongue I'd gently trace little lines and rings around your lips, front to back, back to front, side to side, each time getting a tiny bit closer to the centre. My hands would be up behind you stroking, caressing and massaging your butt." Both her hands were now working together in unison, teasing all around and up and down her soaking wet pussy lips, following my instructions perfectly and never once touching her clit. She rolled slightly onto her left side, so that her hips were tilted towards me, to allow her right hand to pass around behind her and massage her cheeks, just as I described it.
Even though she no longer had the dildo inside her her breathing was still rapid and the tiny diamonds of sweat continued to form and catch the light as her chest rose and fell, higher and higher with every passing breath.
"I'd gently let my tongue slide in between your lips, back and forth, lightly brushing over your clit and looping small circles around it with just the tip. Gradually building up speed and pressure with my tongue I'd use my fingers to keep massaging your lips." This was everything she'd been so patiently waiting for. Her right hand made its way back round to the front so that she could spread her lips apart while the fingers of her left hand softly circled and stroked her clit.
"I'd keep building up the speed, constantly increasing the pressure, using more of my tongue to make sure I hit every single nerve ending I can find. I'd wrap my lips around your clit and suck it into my mouth, flicking it with the tip of my tongue like I did with your nipples, drawing more and more blood to the surface to make it even more sensitive before releasing it and continuing to lick." Her left hand was going crazy, rubbing, flicking, pinching while her right hand massaged her lips before slipping two fingers into her soaking wet pussy with ease. Her body bucked and she moaned and squealed with every breath. I saw her abs start to tense and tighten and her hips raised off the bed to meet the onslaught from her fingers. Her eyes squeezed shut and I knew it was only a matter of seconds before the orgasm washed over her.
I reached down, took hold of her hands and pulled them away. Her legs thrashed out and squirmed as her eyes flashed open and she glared at me with a mixture of fury and disappointment. "What the hell? I was so close!"
"I told you: five times." I said, staring her down as I drew her right hand up to my mouth and sucked clean the two fingers that had been inside her. She held my gaze while her drunk, horny mind battled with itself over whether or not it was worth letting me continue or if she should just snatch up her dildo and take care of business before I had the chance to stop her again.
The challenge I'd offered her was too much to resist. "I can handle it, but it better be worth it" she threatened.
"I told you to trust me, it will be."
She closed her eyes again, brought both of her hands up to her breasts and started squeezing them and pinching her nipples. I hadn't even told her what to do yet but she knew to start back at the beginning, to let it build through her from her toes to her fingertips. I described again how I'd play with her tits before letting my tongue slither down her belly and once again her fingers followed my every instruction.
"Again, slowly, I would work my way all around your pussy, taking the time to savour every different flavour and scent that your body has to offer; looking for all the different responses that I can draw out of you by teasing in all of the different places in all the different ways I can imagine. All before diving back in to bury my tongue between your lips again because you taste fucking irresistible. I'd use the tip of my tongue to quickly flick your clit a few times before bringing it down and pushing it up inside you." The fingers of her left hand were dancing around her pussy while her right was still massaging and pinching her nipples; it wasn't what I was describing to her but it let me know what she liked, clearly her breasts were a very sensitive erogenous zone for her so I made a mental note to encourage her to pay a bit more attention to them on the next round. For now, though, she wasn't doing what I told her to.
"I'd change the sensation slightly this time by switching from tongue to fingers. Using both hands," I hinted "I'd start running my fingertips all over your lips and around your hole, every now and then skimming them over your clit to send little bursts of electricity up through your body." Her right hand abandoned the nipple it had been attending to and joined the left, both now mimicked my instructions exactly and it was perfect to behold. Using just the tips of her fingers she traced little lines and circles all around inside her pussy lips and just at the edge of her entrance. Occasionally she would allow a fingernail to graze her clit and there would be sharp intake of breath as her whole body spasmed and twitched from the shock to her nerves.
"My fingertips would slip up inside you, just a bit, and circle around and around, massaging the soft, smooth flesh, constantly working their way deeper and deeper exploring every hidden edge and corner to discover what delights they hold for you. I'd allow my fingers to make their own way, guided by your body, any time they find something that draws a response from you they'd focus on that for a while before moving on, sometimes returning to the areas they now know you enjoy. I'd seek out the front wall of your pussy, searching for the soft spot where the nerves of your clit reach back to your inner walls and I'd massage there, first gently then hard then gently again, constantly altering the pace and pressure." She had one finger from each hand buried deep inside herself now and they were writhing and circling around each other like two snakes locked together in a chaotic, but beautiful, dance. Her moans changed from soft and high-pitched and became much deeper and more intense at the instruction to seek out her g-spot; her fingers had found it instantly and it clearly wasn't the first time they'd gone looking for it.
"While my fingers are busy inside you I'd take your clit into my mouth again, suck on it, flicking and rubbing it with my tongue. I'd release it again and run my tongue up and down searching for the perfect angle and pressure to make your entire body spasm with each stroke." While her right hand stayed firmly planted where it was with a finger inside, working away at her g-spot, the finger of her left hand slithered back out, marbled and shiny with a glaze of clear and white juices. The sight of that alone, the clear evidence of just how insanely aroused she was, nearly had me over the edge of my own orgsm and I could feel my cock straining harder against my jeans. My right hand strayed down and I began slowly, but firmly, rubbing myself through the thick material of my trousers. I could feel the cold of my own wet patch forming at the tip of my cock where pre-cum was soaking into my boxers.
The fingers of her left hand were now furiously rubbing at her clit and her whole body was bucking and jumping with every stroke. Her knees clamped together and she drew them up as she rolled over onto her side, hiding her hands from view. Her eyes were screwed tight shut and she bit into the pillow to stop herself from screaming out, instead letting out low, deep moans with every exhale and high-pitch squeaks and whines with every intake of breath. A few more seconds and she'd explode and, however badly I wanted to see what that would look like, I'd made a promise and rules are rules. I seized both of her hands and forced them away from her pussy, pinning them to my chest with my left hand while my right held her body down to the bed. Her legs continued to squirm for a few more seconds and it took even longer for her breathing to subside enough for her to speak.
"I fucking hate you so much right now!"
"Language! You don't want me to add a sixth do you?"
The look in her eyes was threatening enough but she held her tongue. All the same, that was too close. A split second later pulling her hands away would have meant a ruined orgasm for her this time instead of a stronger one next time; something that's unforgivable in my mind and probably hers too. I knew I'd have to be much more careful in future to avoid the risk.
I cleaned her fingers for her again, enjoying the scent and taste and mind-altering intoxication of the only drug I've ever found worth taking, before giving her back control over them and replacing them, one on each breast.
"Take a few deep breaths and close your eyes again" I ordered. She did as she was told and composed herself before resuming the massage of her tits, pinching and squeezing her nipples, lightly scratching with her nails.
"There's an incredibly beautiful, perfectly formed, firm and perky part of your body that hasn't received anything close to the amount of attention it deserves yet tonight. So this time I would turn you around so that I can run my fingertips, lips and tongue all the way down your back; lightly stroking and scratching, kissing and licking down to the small of your back. I'd trace my way across the top of your cheeks, where those two cute little dimples are, just at the base of your spine."
She rolled herself over onto her front but kept her left hand on her breast, trapped between her chest and the mattress. Her left leg was outstretched and she bent her right knee and drew it up beside her. The nails of her right hand were lightly scratching little circles on the small of her back, just above her cheeks. She smiled slightly with the knowledge of where my imagination and her fingers were going next and the anticipation was already causing her breathing to accelerate.
"I'd use my hands to squeeze and massage your cheeks while my tongue traces along the crease line where they meet your thighs, slowly making its way closer and closer in to the middle. I'd spread your cheeks apart with my hands and use my tongue to spiral in deeper and deeper from the outside towards the bullseye of your cute little bud." Her hand, which had been busy squeezing and rubbing each of her cheeks in turn, was now circling in towards her hole. Every few moments she would stop and bring her fingers up to her mouth to wet them so that she could better simulate the experience of the coolness of a soft, wet tongue dancing over her skin.
"When I get to the centre of the spiral I'd take my tongue up to the top of your crack and run it all the way back down, brushing lightly over the sensitive skin around your hole, and all the way down to the very edge of your pussy. Then, I'd come back up again, over and over. I'd home in on your centre, licking up and down and all around, pressing in slightly, all while my hands are still squeezing, stroking and scratching at your cheeks. I'd bring one of my fingers to my mouth to get it nice and wet before using the soft, fleshy skin of the tip to rub little circles all around your bud, pressing a little harder with each rotation until it very gradually breaks through." Her finger mimicked my instructions flawlessly; it stroked and rubbed in tight light circles around her hole, returning to her mouth every few minutes for a little extra moisture. Her breathing was getting quicker, but still controlled, and there was a look of intense concentration on her face. She drew her finger to her lips one last time and it left her mouth glistening with saliva. She placed it back at the tight entrance between her cheeks and slowly began to push the tip in. Her mouth opened involuntarily and she let out a soft gasp and moan as it broke past the resistant muscles that now started to relax and conform to the shape of the intruding finger.
She pursed her lips together and exhaled before smiling widely "Christ please can I touch my clit again? I really wanna come!"
"Not quite yet; you'll know when, but don't worry, it won't be long. You said please though, you're learning" I teased.
"Whatever it takes" she grinned at me again and closed her eyes, the cue for me to continue.
"I'd twist my finger around from side to side, rubbing your inner walls and sliding deeper and deeper with every turn, easing my way in until I get past the knuckles. I'd very slowly and gently draw my finger back out to the first knuckle before plunging it back in again, over and over, until I reach in as far as my finger can go. I'd press forwards with the tip of my finger to see if can reach right through the walls of your arse and pussy to the g-spot I found earlier. And to make sure we get the full benefit of all of this stimulation, and so that my other hand doesn't feel left out, I'd reach around to the front, up between your legs, and use my fingers to start massaging and caressing the lips of your pussy again."
With that her face lit up into a grin again and, without any hesitation, her left hand wormed its way under her body and down to her pussy where her fingers went to work as they had before.
"While one finger is delving in and out of your butt my others would be busy working their way in towards your clit again; stroking, rubbing, gently pinching and lightly flicking, whatever actions cause your body to give the best responses." Her fingers were a blur of constant motion, never staying still, drenched and slippery with her own juices. I didn't need to continue with my own description, she had things covered and I gladly seized the opportunity to simply enjoy what was happening right before my eyes, right there within reach of my hands if I would only extend them out and seize it. Her breathing sped up again and the moans were coming forth deeper and stronger than ever, getting louder with each thrust of her finger into her arse. Her inhales were a high-pitched squeal and her body was writhing, every single muscle visibly tensing and contracting under her skin as she crashed headlong towards orgasm. Her right knee squeezed in underneath her, lifting her hips up off the bed, and her face, contorted with the intensity of the moment, was now being crushed down into the pillow.
I wanted so badly to watch her carry herself the last few steps before exploding in orgasmic glory but I kept my own discipline, reached in underneath to seize her left hand and, with a surprising amount of effort, prised it away from her pussy before it was too late. I took hold of her right hand and held it still, with her finger still firmly and deeply embedded in her bum, but otherwise unable to stimulate her nerves enough to trigger an orgasm. With her face still buried in the pillow she let out a deep, furious, animalistic growl. She snatched her left hand back from me and slammed her fist down into the bed and clawed at the sheets with her fingernails, her breathing heavy and ragged as though she'd just run a mile.
Slowly she regained her composure and relaxed, her breathing calmed down and her muscles softened. I walked into the bathroom and collected a small towel, returning to find her exactly where I'd left her, still with her left hand pressed to her bum and her finger hidden deep inside. I took hold of her hand and slowly slid her finger out, wrapping it in the towel and wiping it down for her.
"I'm seriously...going to hurt you...when this is over!" Her voice was muffled by the pillow and the exertion was causing it to break up but at least her sense of humour was still shining through. No matter how she threatened me I could at least be confident that she was enjoying herself enough not to stop me.
I picked up her dildo and placed in her hand, her head raised up off the pillow and she stared at it in mild confusion, her brain still a little dazed. As soon as she realised what it was, and what that meant, her mouth stretched into a grin and she rolled back over onto her front, stretching and flexing her muscles as she did to work out some of the tension built up over the last few trips to the brink of orgasm. Pushing the button on the handle she fired up the motor that set the beads inside the silicone spinning and rolling. She shut her eyes and waited patiently for me to continue with my story, the tip of the dildo placed gently against her opening, twitching and rotating, gradually getting slick with the juices that still drenched her lips.
"This time, for me, it would be all about the fingers again. Using my fingertips and nails I'd stroke and caress, tickle and scratch, all the way down from your neck to your toes; getting every nerve ending in your entire body involved. I want your whole body to feel like it's on fire, about to explode with tension and stimulation, before I even get started on your pussy." Her hands were as reliable as ever; her left, holding the dildo, remained fixed at the soft, wet entrance to her pussy, while the fingernails of her right brushed over every inch of skin that they could find within reach, never staying long in one place, sometimes just a soft gentle touch, little more than kiss, sometimes digging in so that they left behind thin red scratch marks after they moved on.
"When I'm confident that your nerves are firing like mad, that's when I start working my way back towards your pussy. Stroking and digging my fingernails into your inner thighs as I get closer. I'd massage your lips with my fingers, taking the time to appreciate the beauty of it all. Moving further in I'd press a little harder, rubbing all around your entrance, all around your clit, before sliding one finger from each hand inside." With that the tip of the dildo slid straight in, already soaked after being held at the entrance for so long. Gently she began to draw it out a short way before easing it back in again, thrusting a little deeper with each stroke.
"My fingers would snake over one another, rolling and twisting and turning inside you, pressing and rubbing every millimeter they can reach, never in the same place, in the same way, twice. My thumbs would start rubbing up on either side of your clit, not quite touching where the nerves are at their strongest, up and down and all around, pinching in gently and pressing up from underneath.
"Gradually my thumbs would creep closer together, putting more and more pressure on your clit itself while my fingers continue their little dance inside you. I'd roll, squeeze and pinch your clit gently between the tips of my thumbs, giving it a new sensation I haven't used yet. Not quickly flicking or vibrating but, instead, using slow, firm pressure to massage and reach the parts of the nerve cluster that are buried deeper than just the skin on the surface."
By now the rabbit had been pushed far enough in that the small vibrator could be pressed up against her clit and that's exactly what she did with it. The fingers of her right hand spread her lips apart and lifted her clit up to expose it to more pressure while her left flexed and shifted the hilt of the dildo to make the vibrator push against different spots. Even though it wasn't switched on, and the only stimulation was coming from the pressure she applied using her hands, her moans started to get deeper and more intense. She groaned louder and faster as her hips started bucking up to meet the force of the dildo as it rubbed against her most sensitive part, all while the shaft continued writhing inside her, pulsating and spinning and reaching out for every tiny nerve ending it could find to give her the release she needed.
She was barely able to control her breathing and her body continued to thrust and grind on the bed, her legs thrashing out without command. This wasn't going to take long at all! I kept my hand ready near her hips knowing that I would have to take the dildo off her myself if I wanted to stop her from cumming again; her entire body was now acting without her mind's orders, her hands subconsciously doing whatever came naturally to them, whatever felt best and brought her closer to orgasm the quickest.
"Fuck, please let me cum!" she begged. Her voice was a ragged whisper, barely audible through her own moans, gasps and squeals of pleasure.
"And just why would I do that?"
"Please, I'll do anything you want; I promise!"
"I already made you a promise, though. I promised I'd do this five times before letting you cum. What kind of man would I be if I broke my promises?"
Her face was contorting out of her control and she looked ner to tears, knowing how close she was getting but also terrified by the knowledge that I would just make her stop before she got there again.
"Please, please please please...It's so fucking intense! I don't think I can stop again."
I reached down and placed my hand over hers where her fingers wrapped around the hilt of the dildo.
"No no no, please," she begged again, pure desperation leaking out in the tone of her voice. Her right hand joined her left to try to defy me and hold the dildo in place.
"You're lucky I like you" I said before pressing the button that activated the vibrator.
She let out a sound that was half way between a gasp and a full blown scream; her hips bucked faster and higher than they ever had before. Her breathing accelerated, her breasts rolling and swaying with the rise and fall of her chest. I chose to break my rule and reached out for the nearest of them, taking her nipple between my thumb and forefinger I squeezed and pinched, coaxing out a high-pitched whimper.
There was no holding this back any longer. Her abs clenched down tight, dragging her hips up off the bed and holding them there as her eyes rolled back in their sockets. Her thighs slammed shut around her hands with her ankles crossed, feet pointed as far back as they could go and her toes curled in tight. Her entire body started vibrating, violently shaking and spasming as the explosion chained its way along her nerves, coursing throughout her body and rushing over her like a tidal wave of sensation, drowning whatever sense of control she had left. Her hands clenched so tightly around the handle of the dildo, forcing it harder against her clit and deeper inside her pussy that I could hear the motor struggling against the resistance; the sheer power of her orgasm prevented her fingers from being able to release their grip and relieve the pressure, even as the muscles contracted harder and tighter around the shaft, desperate to force it out and bring some kind of respite from the constant intensity of the stimulation it caused.
For well over a minute that went on, her body utterly out of control, before the sensations finally subsided enough for her hnds to start doing what they were told again so that she could pull the dildo away from her pussy and let it flop, still wriggling and creamed white by her juices, onto the bed by her thigh. Able to breathe again, at last, she rolled and twisted, trying to stretch out and flex her muscles to relieve some of the tension from the severe contractions that coursed throughout every inch of her body.
"Holy shit! I'll give you one thing, that was worth the wait...still gonna hurt you though" Her voice was still little more than a whisper but the satisfied smile shining out between her flushed cheeks left me with no doubt that she was happy with how things had turned out.
I collected up the towel I'd used earlier and delicately wiped the sweat off her body and face. When I moved down to between her legs to dab clean her pussy she gasped as her body spasmed again when I accidentally rubbed the soft material against her clit. I picked up the dildo, switched it off, and wiped it clean on the towel as well.
I drew the bed sheet up and over her limp body, her eyes were already closed again, though she did try to open them as I bent down to kiss her, one last time, goodbye. Knowing that she would be out cold in a matter of seconds I switched off the lights and made my way out of her house, my cock still straining against my jeans as I walked, aching for some kind of release of its own. As I left I called a taxi to take me home, feeling mentally satisfied, if not physically. More importantly I would need to figure how to deal with my wife when I got home, but that's a story for another time.