We had never been to a Friendsgiving dinner before but my buddy Denny explained that it was a pre-Thanksgiving dinner to get friends together in the same way you get family together for Thanksgiving. He predicted a crowd of 25 or so and a good time for all. So, on the night of, my wife Valerie and I headed up to his house for dinner.
Valerie is one of those stunningly sexy "late-bloomers" that, in her early 40's, has the solid body of a 20-year old with a fantastic ass and incredible C cup breasts topped off with large dark areolas and nipples the size of pencil erasers. Her sultry smile and large eyes only add to her appeal. With her maturity she has a confidence about her sexuality that is a huge turn on since she knows how to be extremely sexy and yet classy at the same time.
To dress for the dinner, Valerie wore black stretchy jeans that were incredibly tight like yoga pants and did everything to shown off her wonderful ass and long legs. She also wore a cheetah print button up blouse, although not completely buttoned. When she learned forward ever so slightly the top would open up so that you could get a nice eyeful of large C cup breast barely covered by the thin bra. The bra she wore was a completely see-thru black number that does nothing to hide the view of her lovely tits or large nipples. Of course, the heels she wore only helped to shape her ass and to push out her tits even more.
She once again managed to look extremely sexy and classy at the same time. So much so that, before leaving the house I bent her over the bed and pulled down her tight jeans and grabbed her hips in order to give her a good pre-party fuck. While fucking her I told her how great her ass looked and that every guy at the party would be sure to be staring at it.
"Isn't that the idea?" she breathed back between thrusts.
I love seeing Valerie turn on other guys and when another guy looks at Valerie and get that glazed look that says he is thinking about sex and in particular about doing nasty things with her. It is a huge turn on knowing that other guys want to fuck my wife. With Denny there is the added bonus of knowing that he will also get in a touch and squeeze on Valerie. Of course, she would encourage this by "innocently" holding a pose and always letting him finish his groping. If the situation is right, there could be even more.
When we arrived it was already dark outside and several cars were parked. Denny walked outside to greet Valerie and I as we got out of our car. It was too dark for Denny to get a view of Valerie's ass but he did give her a very close and tight bear hug, no doubt to enjoy her breasts squeezed against his chest. We had played around before with threesomes between Denny, Valerie and I, but it had been a while since our last escapade. After those quick hellos we went into the house and joined the party.
There was large crowd and we were the last to arrive so there was plenty of mingling going on as cooking for dinner finished up. As we gathered mainly in the kitchen around the huge center island I caught Denny "innocently" standing next to Valerie but his arm not to be seen since he was busy rubbing Valerie's ass! There he was, with his own wife, Melissa, in the room and right in the middle of everyone, grabbing my wife's ass and no one else noticed!
It was a huge turn on to see his hand sliding down the curve of her ass cheek and then stopping to give her a nice squeeze in a room full of people. Everyone carried on conversations and no one saw what was going on, but I did catch a smile from Valerie. From his angle standing next to her he also had a nice view down the front of her blouse to her thinly covered tits. I'm sure he could see nipple since he seemed to be enjoying the view so much.
As the crowd spilled into different rooms I found a chance to hug Valerie from behind and slide my hands over her silky shirt up to her breasts. I rubbed my palms over her soft breasts and found her hardening nipples. We were facing just right so that Denny got an eyeful when I pulled one side of her blouse open, exposing her dark, hard nipple through the see through bra.
"He sees you," I whispered into her ear as I kissed the side of her neck. Her goose bumps and small shudder told me she didn't mind.
While he was still looking, I flicked her exposed nipple as my own hard dick buried itself into her shapely ass. I could see him adjusting himself as this was also having an affect on him. Regaining her composure, Valerie shook me free and pulled her shirt closed. While she pretended to scold me for doing that where anyone could have seen, she did manage to brush against my still hard dick with a smile.
When it came time to sit for dinner, since it was Denny's house he sat at the head of the table and I maneuvered around so that Valerie was immediately to his right and I next to her on her right. During dinner I would occasionally rub her leg and maybe let my fingers wander over to crotch. This stretchy material of her jeans was soft enough for me to be able to stroke with just enough pressure to graze her clit as she tried to carry on conversation normally. She would move my hand aside after a moment but it wouldn't be too long before I was at it again. I could also tell that Denny was getting a great view down her blouse the entire dinner as his eyes seemed to wander back there constantly.
At one point Valerie went over to the "kids table" to help them out. When bending low over the kid's table, she gave the adults a great view of her backside. She stayed bent over for a long time help to cut up food on the kids' plates and the gentle back and forth sway of her bent over ass in those tight jeans was spell-binding.
Obviously, I was very turned on by all of this. After dinner and when people were socializing I managed to grab Valerie away from the crowd and found a bedroom down the hall. When I pushed the door closed behind me she turned around to see that I had already freed my hard dick from my pants.
She looked down and smiled that sexy smile of hers and asked "aren't we turned on?" even as her hand started to slide up and down my shaft.
She then looked up at me as she dropped to her knees and her open mouth took in the head of my dick. As her tongue danced over the head she firmly slid one hand up and down my shaft as the fingers of her other hand lightly caressed by balls, sending tingles through my body. She started out slowly, savoring what she was doing. Of course, I wasn't going to complain! Knowing that Denny had been touching and ogling her all night and knowing that we could get caught any moment added to my excitement as she sucked.
She was so into what she was doing that she didn't notice the door of the room open and that Denny slipped in, closing the door behind him. Now, I could add, "being watched" to my list of excitement. As he watched, he started to open up his pants to pull out his own dick. From how he was stroking himself, it was clear that he enjoyed watching her mouth slide up and down my dick while she didn't even know we were being watched.
Deciding I wanted to change things up, I pulled her to a standing position in front of me. She didn't resist at all when I pushed open her blouse to enjoy the view of her tits and hard nipples through the see through thin bra. I quickly lowered my lips and started to suck a nipple through the material of the bra while my hand massaged her other breast through her shirt. I know that she always closes her eyes when I suck on her nipples so she still didn't realize that Denny was standing just a couple feet away stroking his dick while watching us. From the "mmmm" quiet noises she was making I knew that Valerie was enjoying the attention that her breasts were receiving.
I kept at playing with her breasts and she kept with the quiet moans even as she tried to ask, "what if someone catches us?"
I answered by moving a hand down to squeeze and massage her lovely ass through her tight pants. She responded by squeezing my dick that she had just been sucking.
She was obviously getting more turned on when she said "let's make this quick" and started to unbutton her shirt as I kept playing with her fantastic breasts.
As the noise of the party carried on just beyond the door, her blouse fell completely open, and she started to unbutton quickly her tight pants. She was so intent on me that she still didn't notice Denny standing to her side as she stripped her tight pants and thong.
While she was pulling off her pants she whispered to me "lay down on the floor."
So, there I lay with my hot body wife standing over me, naked from the waist down with her landing strip pussy in full view and with her wide open blouse and see through bra still on. I wasn't the only one enjoying the view. Amazingly, she still hadn't noticed Denny slowly jacking himself off just to her side even though he had clearly seen everything she had to offer. I don't think my dick had ever been harder as she reached down to grab it while lowering herself onto me.
She stared straight into my eyes as she settled down onto me and the warm wetness of her pussy surrounded by upright dick. Her hands were on my chest as she started to dance her hips back and forth on my pole.
"This feels so good" she moaned as her head looked to the side with that sex face expression I love so much.
"This looks so good" was all I could utter as my eyes were transfixed on the view of her breasts.
From below my view was already towards the underside of her curvaceous tits but now, with her hands on my chest, her arms were squeezing them together, creating a tempting, deep cleavage between. Her very erect nipples pushing through her thin bra enhanced this site
She then grabbed the bedpost that was to one side and the dresser that was to the other side to give her even better leverage as she ground her pussy on me. The amount of wetness coming out of her was amazing as she continued. She still didn't realize that when she grabbed the dresser her hand was only inches from where Denny stood, with his hard dick standing out, pre-cum dripping from him.
"Your friend was being a bad boy tonight" she whispered to me as she closed her eyes to enjoy the sensations.
"His hands were all over me, even when you weren't looking," she whispered.
"In the hallway he came up behind me and grabbed my hips. Before he let go he pushed his dick into my ass," she stopped as a mini-orgasm interrupted her.
"He was hard. He felt huge," she finished as she stifled a moan.
The sound of her words excited me so much I swear that my already hard dick grew another inch inside of her. She must have felt this since she dropped her hand from the bedpost to reach behind her ass and stroke my balls as she continued to ride me. She knows that I love this and can't last long before cumming.
I traced my hands up her thighs, hips and torso to reach her gorgeous, large breasts. When I reached her breasts I slid over the smooth fabric of her bra and squeezed and massaged. Her breasts, in their excited glory, had swollen and strained against her see through bra as I enjoyed their texture.
Dropping one hand away from her, I nodded to Denny, who didn't need any more encouragement. He quickly took advantage of the free breast and started to enjoy its softness with his own hand. I almost blew my load right there as I watched my wife fuck me from on top and feeling her stroke my balls, while Denny and I each played with a tit, his dick hanging out only inches from her face and Valerie making incredible sex faces with her eyes closed.
His pre-cum had dripped from the end of his dick in a long string the looked like a shiny spider web. As I watched, the drip settled onto the upper curve of the same breast that Denny was playing with.
"What would you do if Denny was here now?" I asked her.
As she moaned she answered, "I love two dicks. Since I'm fucking yours I would have to suck his."
With that, Denny stepped forward with his hard dick sticking straight ahead. Her grinding on my dick must have made her mouth a moving target for him but it didn't matter. As his dick slide across her chin, leaving a trail of his pre-cum across her face, she opened her eyes and didn't seem surprised.
"Silly boys, did you think I didn't know he was here?" were the last words I heard out of her as she turned to take his dick all the way into her mouth.
Having had my dick between those same red lips just a minute before, I could imagine what Denny was feeling as Valerie caressed his balls and sucked on him firmly. She immediately had a huge orgasm as I felt her wetness running out of her and all over my crotch. Denny had never let go of her tit when she started to suck him but now he put his other hand on her head as he pushed his dick deeper into her mouth.
While in this submissive position, Valerie only added to the hotness by looking up and making eye contract with Denny as he pushed his dick as deep down her throat as it could go.
I had as much as I could take and I squeezed hard on the breast that I was playing with as I shot my cum into her sopping wet pussy. I could hardly see straight as the orgasm was so strong that I could feel every single pulse of cum shooting from me and deep into her. As I released shot after shot of cum into her she keep sucking hard on Denny's dick as squeezed and rolled her nipple between his fingers.
I could see Denny getting ready to shoot his own load down Valerie's throat. She let her one free from stroking my balls and reached around to Denny. With one hand sliding on his shaft she reached with the other underneath his balls and her fingers started to tickle his anus. I dropped my hand from the tit I was playing with to enjoy this view as she continued bucking up and down on my dick and sucking Denny's dick.
My hand that had just loved her breast came to rest with thumb pressing against her clitoris as she pushed even harder onto my dick.
It seems that her finger tickling his anus was the tipping point as Denny's face tensed up and he started to shoot his own load into Valerie's mouth that was still clamped down around his dick. Like my own, it seemed that his orgasm was buckets of cum that kept pulsing into Valerie's mouth. Even though his hand was holding her head close, Valerie loves the taste of cum and wouldn't have done anything but swallow every drop.
Riding my dick while I was playing with her clit and having Denny's dick deep in her throat was just too much for Valerie. It's a good thing that Denny's dick was so deep down Valerie's throat in order to muffle her scream as a final orgasm ripped through her. Her cum was now running down my balls as she turned from grinding to bucking on me before slowly coming to a stop.
Finally we had all finished our simultaneous orgasms and took a second to breath. Valerie raised herself from my upright dick as she gave Denny's dick a last kiss. It was a great site to see her landing strip pussy, her erect nipples pointing through the thin see through bra as she ran a last tongue over his dick and looked at me with her big eyes and sexy smile.
She regained her composure first. As she gave both of our dicks firms squeeze, she told us to put our dicks away and get back to the party. Valerie remained behind to get herself dressed and straightened up.
We all rejoined the party and acted as if nothing had happened. I was amazed that no one even noticed the slight sweat and the knowing smiles on all three of us. As the party wound down Denny, always the gentlemen walked us out to our car.
On the walk out I made a joke about our new double meaning of "Friendsgiving." Denny said he hoped we were starting a tradition. The night ended with another tight hug between Denny and Valerie but this time with both of his hands firmly on her lovely round ass.