Purvey Old Guys, Ch 3, Arturo's Bukkake
All of the following characters are well over 18, this story and the stories to follow, if there is interest, that I will try to share are essentially true to the best that my well over 18 memory serves. There will be Male to Male stuff in this chapter and in those to come so if that scares you move along please.
*
My friend Ike emailed me about a month after our most recent visit with Dee and a few other older guys, and one youngster. With an intriguing question, "Want to come to a Bukkake for a guy who reached out and asked me to set it up." Ira asked. "He wants to be covered with cum from as many guys as I can find and he doesn't want to know, see or even hear anyone glazing him. He wants to wonder is every guy he sees on the street that looks in his direction is someone who coated him in cum. Seems like a noble goal that we need to help with!"
"Where and when Ike, I'll do my best to be there" Was my reply/ Id never been to a bukkake event before and it appeared that my first would be for a guy! Never expected that.
Ike kept me in the loop as he pulled things together and finally announced the details for the 'big event'! A hotel room on a week night near his house. Dang, this will be hard for me.... I need a good reason to be gone in the evening again.... Oh well, something will come up.
Its game time! I arrived about 5 minutes after the designated kick off time and Ike let me in saying "A couple guys are already here, Guest of honor is in the bedroom through there. He's blindfolded, restrained and has ear plugs in so go get naked and join in and have some fun!"
To say I was ill prepared for what I walked into would be an understatement, on the bed was, presumably, Arturo, our guest of honor. A good 6'3 or 4" and a solid 250 lbs. Big guy, naked, what looked almost painfully hard in a leather harness contraption and cock and ball harness. Spread eagle and neither arms nor legs able to move more than about an inch or two. One naked old perv was working on Arturo's cock with Ike's paddle looking vibrator. One was on his left side pinching Arturo's right nipple hard and on the right side of the bed was another naked guy pinching Arturo's right nipple as he fed his cock into Arturo's mouth. There was a naked guy standing to the right side watching as he slowly stroked his own cock and just beyond was a guy on his knees 'fluffing' another guy.
As I stood there taking it all in I heard Ike welcome in another guy who sounded familiar, Simon from the edging experience was joining us tonight so at least I'll know a couple of the guys. Another knock at the door and in walked Dave #2 and Juan from our last Dee encounter walked into the bedroom and stopped talking midsentence as they took in the scene in the bedroom. Finally I heard Dave softly say "Holy Shiiite!, this is incredible!" as he dropped his jeans to the floor. That snapped us new comers out of our stupor and encouraged the rest of us to strip down and join in.
Ike dropped his sweatpants and moved over next to the bed and started slowly stroking the guy who had been in Arturo's mouth. Having been replaced in said mouth by the guy on the other side. The one between Arturo's legs with the vibrator had the vibe on his own cock as he fisted both his and Arturo's cocks in his right hand. Both cocks rubbing each other lengthwise, the two purple heads emerging from his fist as his own precum liberally coated both cocks. He suddenly groaned and cried out "SHIT, SHIT, SHIT, I'm fucking cumming!" as he dropped Arturo's cock and pounded his own for several frantic strokes before shooting a copious load all over Arturo's cock, balls and belly as he slumped back away from the foot of the bed only to be instantly replaced by the guy who was last seen being fluffed by the guy on his knees who moaned "ohhh Fuck! As his load joined the previous load all over Arturo. His load reaching up to mid chest with the force of his ejaculation.
Simon and Dave stepped up next to the bed and started stroking each other as they checked out the glazing accomplished so far. Ike was stroking the guy in Arturo's mouth and the fluffer knelt before me and took me in his mouth to bring me up to speed. Next to fall was the guy on Artur's left who Ike was stroking and he groaned and shot his load in Arturo's mouth and across his face. Arturo reacted as though he'd been shocked by a cattle prod. Straining against his restraints and groaning out a low voiced "Yes!" despite the thick glob of spunk in his eye.
I noticed that Dave was now rubbing Simon's cock against Arturo's and occasionally adding his own to the mix. Three hard cocks rubbing against each other coating all three of them in the spunk already shared. As I stroked and looked around I noticed that one of the previous shooters was once more hard and being stroked by one of the guys who had only been watching so far while the 'fluffer' was working on another guy who was having some stage fright, sucking his cock and tweaking his nipples. As I was taking all of this in, I heard one of the guys who had been hanging back moan he was about to cum. He moved up to the bed holding back his ejaculation as we heard Arturo's rich baritone say "Face, cum on my face" as the latest load was released all over the target's face, one shot filling his ear as he turned towards the summing cock.
The guy Ike was stroking moved up close to the bed and drug his cock over Arturo's hand, which immediately locked around that cock and began to stroke it as best as he could with the limited movement of the restraints. Must have been enough though as the guy silently began shooting up the stroking arm, across Arturo's chest before he let the last couple of jets trace across Arturo's chin and mouth before sagging back to catch his breath. Soon another guy moved to the foot of the bed. He started rubbing his hard, oozing cock across Arturo's restrained feet as he moaned softly before he swore and let himself cum all over Arturo's feet before wiping his residual spunk on the soles of the big man's feet.
As I was digesting that little kink I felt a hand close around my own hard cock and begin to lightly stroke my hardness, it was Ike using just his fingertips to caress my cock and cock head with light stokes. I looked at him and reached down to take his hardness in my hand, mirroring his actions on my cock. It became surreal as Ike and I stood side by side stroking each other and discussed the action of the evening so far. I felt a hand slide across my ass as Simon passed by and moved to the head of the bed to enjoy our guest of honor's now vacant mouth. Simon got up on the bed and straddled Arturo's chest as he rubbed his engorged cock over Art's nipples, across his lips and dipped into his eager mouth. Simon looked over his shoulder and told Dave, who was still rubbing Artur's cock against his own "Dave, don't make him cum yet, I want to try something first."
"Ok Simon but you'd best hurry, he and I are both about to blow!" replied Dave as he let go of both cocks for a moment.
With that Simon flipped himself around so that he was facing Arturo's feet, slid his own cock back between the searching lips of our 'victim" before lowering his mouth to Artur's cock and taking him into his mouth. As Simon sucked he mumbled "don't run off Dave, I want to suck yours too" and as Dave fondled Arturo's balls Simon alternated between the two hard cocks.
Ike next to me and I both groaned at about the same instant seeing Simon's sudden 69 move. Simon looked like a porn star moving between the two cocks, bringing each to the brink and then moving to the other. But soon he straightened up, his eyes rolled back and he let out a huge, deep groan as he started to cum. By straightening like that he drove his cock into Arturo's throat and dumped his load straight down his gullet before deftly lifting himself off Arturo's face and depositing two or three weak spurts on his victim's mouth and chin.
As Simon rolled off the bed, and off Arturo's face, Dave groaned and said 'thar she blows!" We all looked towards Dave thinking he was cumming only to see Arturo's cock explode, sending his first jetstraight up his own body and hitting himself in the blindfold. Subsequent ropes coated Artur's face, adding to the cum already there and in his beard before the final few spurts sort of just flowed out of his cock and pooled in his navel and ran down into his crotch. Arturo groaned, started laughing softly and almost sobbing.
"Any more?" asked Arturo, then giving a happy moan as Ike and I each placed a hard cock in one of his hands. Ike reached down and released the wrist restraints as Arturo stroked us, giggling like a fool with I assume was glee.
I groaned and warned the few of us left that I was cumming, Arturo was surprised as my first jet shot up his arm before I could kneel on the edge of the bed and direct subsequent jets to his face. Ike was right behind me, in fact, hitting me in the ass with his first volley as he too moved to the bed to finish on Arturo's face.
We moved off the bed together and saw that both Simon and Dave were in the other room talking quietly. Ike reaffixed the wrist restraints and we joined them, leaving Arturo alone in the bedroom covered in cum. Ike shut the door as we hear Arturo asking what was going on.
I asked Ike if he needed help or anything he said no, he would call Arturo's ride for him and then go into the bathroom leaving the door ajar and Arturo's ride would release him and take him home. None of us involved was to be seen by either Arturo or his ride. But first he was going to take pictures of our handiwork and then he laughed, kind of an evil laugh now that I think of it.