----------
The Open House
----------
Tom regretted the choice to sign up for a marathon. He didn't hate running, but he did hate being slower than his wife, Alicia. He'd thought he was in good shape, hitting the gym four times a week and maintaining a six-pack, defined pecs, and a solid rear, but his cardiovascular system was crap compared to his long-legged spouse. Still, he thought he could keep up.
It wasn't even Tom's intention to run the marathon. Alicia, a former collegiate runner, suggested they do it to bond and get back in form after spending several years binging every true-crime series they could get their hands on. It was her insecurities that motivated the endeavor. She felt out of shape, so therefore Tom was out of shape. Not that she said it, but that was how it felt to him. He relented to her plan, but all he had to do was look in the mirror to convince himself he didn't need to. Although, he did not want to miss seeing his wife's ass in tight leggings every morning.
Tom's confidence was thrashed on the first run when he found out he had almost zero endurance. Sure, his chest and abs looked fantastic but his cardiovascular system was non-existent, and his dreams of using Alicia's ass as motivation quickly went out the window, as he couldn't stay close enough to appreciate the view, with her easily disappearing down the road. After the first run, she would take pity on him and start slow, keeping pace with him, but eventually, she would get bored and up the tempo, leaving him in her dust. This pattern repeated day after day.
Despite missing out on the view, Tom didn't mind that she was faster, as he began to find a meditative state in running alone, but he resented the expectation that he should run as far as her. She claimed the pace didn't matter and that only the miles counted for training, but he would have preferred to finish a shorter run in the same time than come staggering home half an hour after she'd finished----just in time to catch her stepping out of the shower. A reminder that they weren't going to have sex.
Morning shower sex was their go-to start to the day. Or it had been until the marathon training began. Now, Tom was lucky to catch a peek of his wife's naked body as she dried off, leaving him just horny enough to finish himself off in the shower as she ate a rushed breakfast on her way out the door. He was okay with this for a while, but they were a month into the training, and the race was still over sixteen weeks away.
"How were the last five miles?" Alicia asked as she dried her hair, water dripping down her naked body as she stared in the mirror. One drop, clinging to her left nipple, caught Tom's attention before she wiped it away. Her question was the only acknowledgment of Tom's presence.
"Brutal. Was that hill in the last mile really needed? It almost killed me. Maybe I should start planning my own routes?"
"You'll be thanking me on race day. There is quite the kicker around mile twenty-two. It will end your day if you don't train for it. I mean, you can do whatever you want, but if you want to finish strong, I'd listen to me if I were you," Alicia said with a smile, hoping Tom's egotism wasn't getting the better of him.
"I think I'll be walking by that point anyway, but I appreciate your optimism," Tom said, pulling his sweat-soaked shirt over his head and using it to wipe away the excess perspiration on his face. "By the way, did you see the Jensens are selling their house?"
"Yeah. I can't believe it, but I'm happy to see them go. They've always been such a pain in the ass. Hopefully, whoever's new won't have an issue with us like they did."
"I mean, youcanbe pretty loud," Tom said with a smile as he pulled off his shorts and stepped into the steaming shower, letting the water hit his face before he stepped back and let it run down his chest.
"Excuse me for having a husband that can make me cum. It's not like they had kids that could hear. You'd think that two professed liberals would be more open to people enjoying their sexuality. I can only imagine what it was like in their bedroom. Jen probably just lays on her back while Jack pumps away for two minutes before rolling off. I doubt she's ever been satisfied in her life."
Tom laughed as he lathered his body, getting all the sticky spots first, especially under his balls----which ached for release as he watched his naked wife----before moving on to his hair, which only required a cursory splash of shampoo due to its short length. He turned off the water before she finished with the mirror.
"She never seemed like she was the problem to me," Tom said as Alicia finished futzing with her hair, her breasts jiggling as she roughly scratched at her scalp, trying to get product to her roots. Her breasts were the one part of her body that didn't match her running prowess and the feature that Jack most often ogled. "Jack was always the one that seemed to have a stick up his ass."
"You're right, but she stuck by his side all these years and never told him to shut up when he pointed out, not so subtly, might I add, that I was a bit too loud for the neighborhood."
"He's certainly a dick. Do you think she cheats on him?"
"Why? Do you have a thing for her? Are you bored with me and want to spice things up with the most vanilla woman in town?" Alicia teased, giving Tom a wink and wiggle of her ass.
"I was just wondering. Sometimes shit like that pops into my head. Part of me hopes she does. He deserves it, and then she could let loose with someone else."
"I can't say I disagree. Although, why would she stay with him if that was the case? It's not like they had kids to keep them together."
"Who knows? Maybe she signed a prenup? It didn't seem like she ever held a job," Tom shrugged as he turned off the water and grabbed his towel.
"Hey, I've got to go. I'm already late for my meeting, but I'll be home for dinner," Alicia said as she kissed Tom, leaning forward to ensure her clothes didn't get wet.
"Yeah, I'll pick something up from the store after I meet with John. Maybe we can have sex tonight? Apparently, running makes me horny."
"Yeah. We'll see how tired I am," Alicia said as she slipped out the door.
Running made her horny as well, but she didn't want to tell Tom that, as it would only encourage him to slack off on his training. She knew what he was capable of and didn't want him to regret underperforming on race day.
***
Alicia tried to be honest with Tom. She enjoyed their sex life, and he made her cum almost every time they fucked----usually more than once----but she didn't always tell him the truth, especially when she thought it would bruise his ego. While Tom kept his physique in very good shape, focusing on weight lifting, he couldn't keep up with her on the runs. He, of course, knew this, as she beat him home on every run, but he was unaware of how much faster she was.
He knew it usually took her about ten minutes to shower, and she was often drying off when he staggered up the stairs post-run, so she let him believe that was all she had beaten him by. The truth would've been hard for him to swallow, as it usually took her closer to twenty or thirty minutes to finish her shower on run days, and it was not because she was any dirtier----at least, not in the conventional way. It was because running invariably made her horny.
There was something about how her tights caressed her as her legs pumped, combined with her nipples rubbing against the fabric of her sports bra. Initially, both of these issues caused chaffing and discomfort, but as her skin grew used to the abuse, the pain turned into pleasure, and she found herself needing to cum soon after she finished every run.
Before she convinced Tom to run the marathon, she would come home from her shorter runs and drag him back to bed or invite him to join her under the hot water. Now, she was left alone with her vibrator and the feeling of water running down her body as he struggled to finish his route alone. It wasn't the same, but Tom was just too slow to get home to please her before she had to leave for work. Occasionally, she regretted convincing him to train, but she knew he'd benefit in the long run. An exchange she was willing to make, but boy, did she miss his cock inside her. No matter how good her vibrator was, it didn't replace the feeling of him pushing inside her.
This morning was no different, and the tingling between her legs grew strong as she finished mile nine. Her thoughts drifted toward sex, thinking about how she would want Tom to fuck her. Imagining bending over with her hand braced against the shower window as he railed her from behind. She especially enjoyed this position with the window open. She could look down on her neighbor's garden, and when Tom hit the right spots, her vocalizations carried throughout the neighborhood. The Jensens didn't appreciate it, but, in a way, that made it all the more arousing. She wondered if she had anything to do with their moving. The more she thought about shower sex, the more she wanted it. Unfortunately, she had a meeting that she could not reschedule, and she would have to settle for her vibrator once again.
As she rounded the final corner and headed down her street, she noticed an "Open House" sign in front of the Jensens' place and several cars parked outside, filled with people waiting to venture inside despite the early hour. Alicia was amazed that people would show up so early in the morning until she remembered the housing market was still hot in their area. People sought every advantage to secure a desirable location.
It was a warm morning for early spring, and the thoughts of being fucked while looking out the shower window had turned her on. So had the crowd of people now gathered outside. She opened the window before she turned on the water. If she couldn't gaze outside while being fucked, she could at least do it while masturbating.
With the shower warming up, Alicia peeled off her sports bra and tights. Looking at her naked figure in the mirror, she respected that her body looked good but still found herself criticizing minute details that no one else would notice. Today was her areolas. For her, they were not dark enough, almost blending into the surrounding skin of her breasts. When her nipples were not erect, it was sometimes hard to tell she had any at all. Tom had never mentioned this, and she doubted he cared, but she noticed every time she was naked in front of a mirror.
Pinching her nipples, they quickly grew and slightly darkened in color. She didn't understand why this happened, but it instantly made her accept how she looked. It was such a small change, but it immensely affected her confidence. She had taken to pinching them every time she had sex or was naked for an extended period, which was not so bad as it also turned her on. She had often thought about buying nipple clamps but had never pulled the trigger.
Grabbing her vibrator, she stepped into the shower, eager to get herself off. As the hot water rained down on her back, she leaned forward, bracing herself against the wall with one hand as she lowered the toy slowly, teasing herself and not giving in to her desires. Set to low, she traced the toy along her skin, pausing to circle each nipple before letting it slide across her stomach toward her waiting pussy.
She could see people milling around outside the neighbors' house. The real estate agent had set up refreshments on the back deck to entice people to stay and enjoy the peace of their immaculately manicured garden. Several couples sipped coffee and ate croissants as they wandered the paths, unaware of the activities next door.
Alicia wondered if any of these people would be the new neighbors or if they were all looky-loos trying to get a free breakfast or a peek into the neighbors' house. These thoughts quickly vanished as the vibrator glanced across her clit, causing her to gasp as her head rolled back and her eyes closed. No more messing around.
She wished Tom was behind her, ready to slide inside, but she knew he would be another twenty minutes, and she didn't have time to wait for him. Instead, she slipped the toy between her lips, letting her wet pussy welcome it, her walls gripping it tight as she thrust deeper. Her toy would have to do for today.
She opened her eyes, once again focusing on the people below. The window opened upward, and the gap at the bottom was small enough that while she could see out, it would be hard for any of them to see her. It served as a perfect vantage point to let her imagination wander, her eyes darting from person to person as she made up stories about them.
She started fantasizing about how everyone would perform sexually, focusing on the younger couples, wondering if they would be aroused by knowing what she was doing. Would they accept her screams of pleasure? Would they want to watch if given the opportunity? She wondered how things would be if the new neighbors were open to new experiences, unlike the prudes that were moving out.
Alicia started to moan softly at first but grew louder as the pleasure began to build. The arousal coursed through her body, making her knees buckle as she pulled the toy from her pussy and pressed it firmly against her clit. She wanted to make it last as she watched her potential neighbors, but she had to get to work, and if Tom saw her playing with herself in the shower, she would be extra late.
"Oh fuck," Alicia said, a little louder than she expected, the pleasure growing as she circled her clit.
She struggled to keep her eyes open, watching those below her, and she knew the next words out of her mouth would be louder, but hopefully not loud enough to expose her. Not until her orgasm did she want to announce her presence via sexual ecstasy to her potential new neighbors.
"Fuck. What the fucking fuck?" Alicia screamed, causing some of those below to look around in confusion.
The battery of her vibrator had died.
***
Tom was struggling. He was supposed to run ten miles but was only at seven, and his calf was cramping. He knew if he took a few minutes to stretch it out and walked for a bit, then he could get back into his run and finish it, but he didn't want to. He wanted to go home, take a shower, and... No, better yet, he wanted to get home before his wife got out of the shower. He wanted to join her for this first time in a month, and hopefully, she would have enough time for him to screw her properly.
Maybe if he made her cum, she wouldn't be mad at him for taking the shortcut home----a cut-through that, luckily, presented itself to Tom just ahead of where he was. Based on his training plan and property rights, he should keep going straight for another mile, circling back to his house through the looping streets of his subdivision. Fortunately, the residents of his neighborhood had grown tired of walking an extra two miles to get to the creek trail and had started cutting through the unfenced yard of a neighbor.
At first, the owners had complained, even threatening to involve the HOA. Eventually, however, they accepted that nobody was damaging their property and that the social trail benefitted the community. Plus, after they admitted they cut through the field behind their house themselves, something no one was supposed to do, they didn't have much reason to keep others from doing the same. The town overlooked the use of the easement, and the owners granted access along the side of their house. Tom didn't know them, so he felt uncomfortable using the path and usually stayed off their property. Alicia had planned all their runs to avoid this shortcut for the same reason. Today, however, Tom was grateful for the shortcut as he hobbled through the worn grass before finding himself on the sidewalk, only a block away from his home. He was tired, and his leg hurt, but his dick knew what awaited him when he got home----if he was lucky.
His bulge grew in his shorts, the built-in liner doing little to conceal his erection as he passed the open house. People were filing in along the sidewalk after parking several homes down. It was a good sign for their net worth, but he worried about fucking his wife if all these people could potentially hear. Even with their windows closed, she was loud enough that anyone outside would know when she came.
Tom could hear the shower running as he climbed the stairs and had his shirt off before he reached the bathroom, ready to surprise her. He froze in the doorway, shocked by what he saw in front of him. Not because he disapproved but because he instantly knew Alicia had been getting off after every run without him.
He knew she got horny when she ran. It hadn't been hard to figure out, as she always wanted to screw when she got home before he started joining her. He just assumed she was suffering during the marathon training like he was. Or at least that is what his ego made him believe. He hadn't dreamed that she was fast enough to get off and shower before he got home, but apparently, she was. Even today, she would have made it if her vibrator hadn't died.
Failed by the batteries, Alicia was now rubbing her clit furiously with one hand while she looked down at the people. She was determined to make herself cum, even if she hadn't gone full manual in several years.
Tom's dick sprung toward his six-pack as he dropped his shorts to the floor. He was well endowed and knew he could get his wife to where she wanted to be, but he took a minute to watch her and visualize himself sliding inside her from behind, leaving her just the way she was. That is when he realized the window was open. It was warm outside for running but still below the temperature his wife would normally consider opening the window while showering. He knew what she was doing, and it caused his dick to twitch as he thought of all the people hearing her climax. He'd been worried when he first saw the open house, but now faced with the opportunity to make her scream while everyone wondered who it was, he was frothing to join her.
"Let me help you with that," Tom said in a deep and sexy voice as he stepped into the shower, causing Alicia to jump, startled by his unexpected presence.
She turned to face him, her back against the cold shower wall, her skin covered in goosebumps as he approached her. Water cascaded down his back as he stepped under the showerhead. Alicia couldn't help but stare and appreciate his body, knowing she was about to get what she wanted.
"You took the shortcut, didn't you?" She teased as he reached out, wrapping his hands behind her and pulling her against him, their wet bodies meeting with the heat of exercise and lust.
"You can lecture me later, but I think you are glad to see me," Tom smirked as he slid one hand between her legs, finding her pussy wet and waiting.
He sank two fingers inside, slipping past her lips and grazing along the roof of her vagina, searching for the spot he knew drove her crazy when he caressed it.
"Oh fuck. You do know exactly what I want," Alicia moaned before she kissed her husband.
Tom knew, but he wasn't rushing to give it to her. He knew she had a meeting, but she could take an extra ten minutes, especially if it meant a screaming orgasm announced to an unsuspecting audience. Tom stepped forward, pushing Alicia against the wall, one hand firmly in her crotch while the other pressed against her breast, pinning her to the cold tile while he coaxed her nipple between his fingers. Bending forward, Tom kissed her neck. Lightly at first, then more forceful as he increased the pressure with his fingers, driving her wild as he held her in place.
She wanted him to fuck her, but this was almost as good. Alicia rose on her toes as her body began to tense. She was getting close to orgasm and began to grind against Tom's hand as she pressed her chest into his other. She needed more pressure. More force. Just a little more to get her over the edge.
"Harder, go harder, my love," Alicia pleaded as Tom kept her on the brink of climax. "I'm almost there. Just use another finger. Fill me up."
Tom wanted his wife to cum, but not yet. He knew, as well as she, that a delayed orgasm would be twice as good for her. If he let her cum now, she would be happy, but if he brought her to the edge only to back off, it would be massive when she finally released.
"Patience, darling. Your time will come," Tom said, fully intending the pun as he stepped back from his wife.
Attempting to take control of the action, Alicia sank down the wall, her skin pulling as it stuck to the dry spots, and ended in a deep squat in front of Tom. She was flexible, and this position was comfortable, especially compared to her knees on the wet tile, and she could stay like this for long enough to achieve her needs.
Tom's cock stood erect a few inches from her face. She could easily reach out and grab or even lick it without holding it in her hand, but she waited, letting it tremble in front of her face. It had become an inside joke. One that even they didn't know why it was funny, but she insisted on playing to it every time she went down on him. She wouldn't wrap her lips around his head until he provided a tribute of precum, even if it was small.
"Come on, babe, you're going to be late if you don't get on with it," Tom tried to plead with his wife to service him.
"You know the deal. You've got to show some appreciation first."
"I can't just make it appear. Plus, plenty had already dripped out. It's just washed away."
"You're probably right, but I still want to see it," Alicia smiled, looking up at her desperate husband.
He always wanted to tease her but was never as receptive when she turned the tables on him, even if the outcome was similar. Tom flexed his dick, trying to get it to leak precum, but only managed to make it bounce in front of his wife's face.
"You've got to help me out," Tom pleaded.
"Fine, but only because I have a meeting this morning," Alicia said as she reached out and grabbed the base of his dick, running her thumb along the bottom as she forced the precum from his head.
Smiling, she leaned forward and licked the head clean, tasting the salty-sweet liquid before wrapping her lips around his tip. She slowly pushed forward, sucking his shaft inside as she gauged how deep she could take him. It varied from time to time. Sometimes she could only get halfway down, while others, she found her nose buried in his pubic hair. It didn't matter this morning, as she wouldn't suck him to completion. He had already teased her by bringing her to the brink, and she only desired to return the favor. Plus, she needed his cock inside her to impress, or maybe scare off, the potential neighbors.
Tom patiently stood as Alicia bobbed on his cock. She had started slow but increased her pace as his arousal grew. Her hand held him at the base, pumping up as she pulled her face away from him, giving him a tight grip around the base to accompany the softness of her mouth on his tip.
She did not mind giving head, but it wasn't her first choice in sexual activities, if only because it brought her no physical pleasure. She did, however, enjoy receiving a mouthful of cum. The sensation of Tom's cock pulsating in her mouth as his body trembled made her feel in control, even if he was holding the back of her head. This control turned her on. Knowing that she was providing her husband with such pleasure made her wetter than anything else, but unfortunately, Tom couldn't cum in her mouth and then immediately fuck her. Like most men, he needed time to recover. That is why she preferred him to unload in her cunt.
She still got the feeling of control and power in making him cum, but it was also able to push her toward her own orgasm if timed correctly. Her most powerful climaxes came when she finished immediately after Tom's started. Feeling his cock jump inside her almost always made her clamp down, which pushed him toward a more powerful orgasm. Everyone was more satisfied if they came together. Still, she went down on him, especially when she needed him to cum fast. There was no better way to speed up the process than to tease him to the brink before turning around and letting him take her from behind.
Her pussy was soaked and ready to be plowed, and all she needed was his hard cock to fill her as she played with her clit. She would be screaming out the window in no time. The risk was to push Tom too far, but luckily, he had a tell. Whenever he grew close to orgasm, he would slowly sway his hips in increasingly larger circles. It made maintaining a consistent blow job difficult without grabbing his ass and holding him still but gave Alicia ample warning when she wanted to stop him short of the edge.
Alicia doubled down on her efforts, stroking his shaft with one hand as she circled her tongue, teasing the sensitive tip as it leaked precum into her mouth. Knowing he was inching closer, she stopped stroking and plunged her mouth over his shaft, coaxing him to the edge of orgasm. His crown hit the back of her mouth, causing her to gag, but a quick swallow allowed her to keep her composure and slip him the last few inches inside. Her throat expanded, accepting him as she gulped deeply. It was not a day to deep-throat him for long, but she knew how much he loved it and wanted to remind him that she could.
The sensation and knowledge of what she could do to him pushed Tom to the verge. His hips started to move. Slowly but distinctly in circles as Alicia tried to hold him in place. She knew if she kept him inside her for too long, he would lose control, but she wanted to bring him right to the edge. When he began to push her head against the wall, she knew it was time to call it. Pushing him away, Alicia rose to her feet and pulled him back to her. His cock pressed into her stomach, smashed between them, as their lips met. Their mouths parted, and their tongues danced as their hands roamed their bodies, eventually landing on their asses, pulling them tight as they lingered before the final act.
"Fuck me. Make me scream your name," Alicia instructed as she pulled away from her husband before turning and presenting her ass to him.
She leaned forward with her arms folded on the window sill and her back arched, turning her butt upward. From Tom's vantage, still under the shower head, her could see the folds of her cunt through the part in her legs. He felt like it was screaming for his cock, enticing him toward his wife, willing him to fuck her. Not that he needed encouragement. Stepping forward, Tom grabbed one cheek of his wife's delectably firm ass and pulled it to the side, giving him a flawless view as he positioned his cock against her slit. Rubbing up and down, he spread and mixed their lubricants as he teased her. He flicked his head against her clit, finding her fingers already there, working toward the orgasm she craved.
"Put it inside me already," Alicia said, a notch louder than she meant, causing one couple to turn and glance in her vague direction.
They couldn't pinpoint the window, but they were narrowing it down. If they were already zeroing in on their location, they were bound for discovery when Alicia came. The only question was if it would turn them on or scare them away.
"Patience, my dear. Your meeting can wait. They won't start without you. Besides, don't you want to put on a show for our new neighbors?" Tom chuckled as he gave in and pushed inside her.
"Oh, God. That's what I've been missing," Alicia moaned.
"I bet you have. You've been a naughty girl, playing without me all these mornings," Tom said as he playfully smacked the side of her ass before pushing all the way in.
"Oh, fuck yes," Alicia exclaimed as she lurched forward. "It's not my fault you're too slow to catch this pussy."
"Too slow? Is this too slow?" Tom asked as he grabbed his wife's hips and thrust into her.
He repeated the sudden and forceful jab. Over and over. Faster and Faster. His hips slammed against Alicia's ass, sending shock waves through muscles as he pounded as she desired: hard and fast.
"Harder, you pussy," Alicia said, her voice now loud enough to be heard by those paying attention below. "Fuck me with that massive cock."
Tom did not immediately increase his pace or force. Instead, he leaned forward, reaching one hand under his wife and grabbing a dangling breast.
"As you wish, my dear," he whispered in her ear as he tweaked her nipple.
Keeping his hand firmly on her tit, he hunched his back and pulled his cock almost all the way out before pushing forward with all his weight. The collision forced Alicia against the window sill, and she sent out a contorted mixture of a scream and a moan, an oddly erotic sound that turned the heads of all of those below. The open-house guests could not pinpoint the source of the sound at first, but they knew what they were hearing. One disgruntled couple turned and left for their car, but the other three remained. Two of those pretended they were not interested, but the third seemed to forget about their free pastries and was set on discovering the source or, at least, finding a better place to listen in.
"Fuck me, Tom. Fuck your wife like the whore she is."
Tom gave one last pinch to his wife's nipple before returning both hands to her hips. He slowed, focusing on pulling all the way out before plunging into her with full force. Their skin collided with a wet smack. Each insertion was more forceful than the previous. It was all Alicia could do to brace with one hand as she fingered her clit with the other.
"Yes. Just like that. Harder. Harder. HARDER!" Alicia screamed in a crescendo of ecstasy. "Oh, my god. Fuck yes!"
Again and again, Tom slammed into her. Each stroke now came quicker than the last. He was picking up steam, and she was nearing climax. Not only was the tempo increasing, but so was the volume of their bodies colliding and her vocalizations to the outside world. If anyone had any doubts about what was happening, Alicia was spelling it out for them, instructing Tom to speed up, slow down, angle his cock up, and split her open like the slut she was. All of which he obeyed with glee.
She looked out the window as her husband slammed into her from behind. Her vision was fuzzy from the impact and the rising arousal, but she could see a small crowd collected below, curious about the erotic sounds emanating from the window above. The first couple, now joined by several others, had zeroed in and stared directly at the shower window. They couldn't see anything, but they knew everything. Alicia was telling them exactly what was happening.
If any of these couples bought the house, it would produce a potentially awkward introduction. Or maybe a productive one. What would happen? Would they refuse to make eye contact? Would they want more? Would she want more? Would Tom? The potential of being confronted in the future increased Alicia's excitement and pushed her closer to climax. She wondered if anyone would complain, listening for distant police sirens. More arousing was the idea of someone mentioning that they heard her when she met them in the future. Would anyone dare?
"Keep going. Make me cum for our new neighbors," Alicia called out, acknowledging the crowd for the first time.
It was a bold move, confessing she was doing this on purpose, and she could see their shocked faces. One couple sheepishly snuck back into the house, but the others stayed, wanting to hear the finale they knew was coming. Alicia could see the mixture of excitement and embarrassment on their faces, except the one couple, who showed no sign of embarrassment, only intense arousal.
The man stood behind his partner, holding her tight as his hands subtly groped her. They stood behind the other couples and did not try to hide their excitement. One hand slid under her shirt, cupping her breast from below. Alicia could see his fingers massaging the tender flesh beneath her conservatively cut top. The other hand caressed her groin but stayed above her clothing.
Alicia thought about this couple leaving the open house and immediately going home to fuck. Better yet, she imagined them stripping down and fucking along with her and Tom. It wasn't the thought of seeing them fuck, but the knowledge she and Tom were turning them on and helping them get off that pushed Alicia over the edge.
"Oh yes. Fuck. Fuck. FUCK," Alicia cried out, announcing the start of her orgasm. "I'm cumming!"
When her cunt clamped down, Tom unleashed his load into his wife. Not quite as Alicia planned it, but they were orgasming together nonetheless.
"Milk my cock dry, you filthy slut!" Tom called out as his cock jerked inside his wife, pushing her orgasm to another level.
Alicia tried to focus on the couple below as her body trembled and her knees weakened, threatening to collapse. Her orgasm had taken control, but she wanted to see how the potential neighbors would react. She was not disappointed. The man ended any subtlety, pushing up his partner's shirt and exposing her breast as he massaged it. No one else noticed as they focused on Alicia's cries, but Alicia knew they were doing it for her. The other hand slipped into her pants, massaging her clit, causing her knees to wobble as she orgasmed with Alicia and Tom.
The other couples in front remained fixated on the sounds from above, but none acted out any fantasies that had to be running through their heads. Alicia appreciated their attendance at her show, but she knew the couple she wanted to move in next door.
"Fill me with your cum. I want to feel it run down my leg when you pull out," Alicia screamed as Tom flexed his cock, forcing out the last few drops.
He continued to pump into his wife, but his efforts slowed as he ran out of energy. Alicia's orgasm had dwindled and left her in a haze of pleasure. She wanted more----to continue the show----but she knew Tom needed to recover, and she needed to get to work. Any further performances would have to wait until another day, but at least she knew there was a potential for an appreciative audience moving forward.
As Alicia straightened to clean herself off, she noticed the only couple left was the one in the back. They remained in each other's arms, gazing at the open window. The man was still gently massaging the woman, both her groin and chest, as she rested her head against his shoulder. She enjoyed the attention and didn't seem hurried to leave, although Alicia guessed her partner wanted to get off. Alicia thought about how they would fuck. What it would look like. What it would sound like. Hell, what it would smell like to be in the room with them. Even with her husband's cum dripping from her cunt, she grew wetter. She hoped they would fuck in the car, letting her watch as she passed them leaving for work.
"Oh, the possibilities," Alicia whispered, thinking of that couple moving in next door.
"What are you mumbling about?" Tom asked, already out of the shower and drying off.
"Nothing," Alicia responded. "Well, maybe something. We'll see."
A few minutes later, she was dressed and ready for the day. She knew she needed to focus on the meeting ahead, but her mind kept returning to the couple below, thinking about how relaxed they seemed about the whole situation. It was certainly not the first time they'd listened to another couple fucking, and Alicia hoped it would not be the last.
She did not see them when she left, but Alicia didn't stop thinking about them until she fucked Tom again that evening. He was grateful but confused as to why his wife was so horny. He knew she got off on letting others hear her, but he was still in the dark about anything she saw when he fucked her that morning.