Darryl and I had teed off from the fourteenth on the hotel's course, and for the what seemed like the hundredth time since we'd started, he checked his watch. Checking mine, I said,
"It's exactly two o'clock, some two minutes after you checked."
Darryl immediately relaxed as we took the golf buggy down the fairway, chasing our first shots. It really wasn't a fair match up, Darryl was an avid golfer, whereas I could pick it up and put it down at any time. He'd out driven me on every hole except the last two, which coincided with his fascination for checking the time.
Darryl pulled the buggy to a halt at his ball, sized up the shot in seconds, and then pulling out a 7 iron, swung and hit a shot to dead centre green.
"Can I ask you something after we putt this one? It's personal and important to me and Alana, and I couldn't think of a better person to ask."
Alana, Darryl's beautiful and sexy French wife had been talking about renewing their vows, and this was probably 'The Conversation'.
"Sure Darryl, my honour."
Darryl beamed all the way to my ball, my terrible strike to the green and eventual putt, some four more than me. Darryl removed my ball from the cup, and offered it to me, and asked,
"Alana and I talked and we both suggested you and Tracy as our first choices. In fact Tracy is being asked by Alana right now. We would both of you to say yes, we can't have only one of you."
"Sure, but you haven't asked me yet." I replied, smiling.
"Well, Alana and I, want to invite you both," Darryl always drew things out. "To come and be spectators as I fuck Alana."
The delivery was matter of fact, to the point, and pretty much left me speechless, and frozen to the spot.
"Watch out Dave, looks like the next guys want to play to the green." With that Darryl hopped into the buggy.
It took a measure of self control to not say anything, as I replayed the question I'd just been asked, and to pik up my jaw and get in the buggy. The last 3 holes were played by me in a bit of a stupor, Darryl wiping the floor with me from a golf point of view. We discussed the ins and outs of the event, what that both Tracy and I had to agree to before it would go ahead, and some of Darryl's hopes for the fuck-show.
We met the girls in the 19th hole, and walking in, both of them standing up as we entered, Alana, looking expectantly at Darryl. It took all of his self control for him not to either give away anything as we walked up to the girls.
"So, mon cherie? What did he say?" Alana's French accent rarely came out, but when it did, it could stir a man's soul from deep within.
"Come on, tell us." demanded Tracy.
"Yes, of course he said yes. Who wouldn't want to watch me fuck my beautiful wife?" Darryl announced as he waved the bartender over, but it was Tracy that ordered double bourbon for each of us.
We clinked glasses, and enjoyed our drinks, Darryl and Alana excitedly making plans, like giddy school children.
Some time later, after taking a shower (as requested), I watched Tracy putting the final touches of make-up on, and similar to Darryl earlier in the day, checked the time for the hundredth time - earning a sigh from Tracy as she put her lip gloss away.
"Right then, we'd better make tracks." standing in her red heels, she looked stunning in the simple sun dress. She took my hand and with my heart beating nineteen to the dozen we walked out the room and along to Darryl and Alana's.
Both of us took a deep breath, laughed at each other, then knocked at the door. Darryl dressed in a hotel bathrobe, swiftly opened it and literally dragged us into the room. Alana, dressed in a similar bathrobe sashayed across the room to greet us both. Well, although I say 'dressed', unlike Darryl's who's robe was tied tightly around his waist, Alana's was untied, and I could see her stockings in her sexy black heels. Alana greeted Tracy first, with a warm embrace, and a long, lingering kiss, before she threw her arms around me (opening her robe further allowing me to see tits, and a few small hairs on top of her trimmed pussy). Alana kissed me, her tongue flicking against mine.
Darryl, meantime was pulling a couple of the room's chairs closer to the bed, before he poured us all drinks, bourbon over ice again (I think that Tracy's preference played a big part of that). We all clinked glasses and took a sip in silence, it was Alana who broke the silence first, as she said "Fuck" causing all us to laugh, breaking the tension. Alana, then disrobed, tossing the robe onto one of the seats.
"Right, you know my wishes, all of you. Get naked for me."
Darryl whipped off his robe, like me, he'd kept himself in good shape, but it was his balls that caught my eye, they were huge, hanging well below his dick. Glancing at Tracy, I could see that she had noted the same discovery, hardly able to take her eyes off his balls as she unbuttoned her sun dress. Taking off my shirt, tossing it towards Alana in a playful manner, before unbuttoning my jeans and yanking them down, before stepping out of my shoes, socks and jeans.
"Hmmmmm, what Tracy said is true."
Alana's eye's were on my soft cock, and I could do nothing more than pick up my drink, raise it towards Alana and sit down to admire Tracy. All eyes were on Tracy as she finally finished unbuttoning her dress, and opened it before dropping it to the floor. Darryl, could not take his eyes off Tracy, as she was led to her chair by Alana. Alana then came back to Darryl, putting her arms around him from behind, hands sinking towards his dick. She was the same height as him in her heels, and had to crouch slightly to reach his dick, but it allowed her to whisper in his ear.
"She is going to watch us fuck."
Darryl's dick twitched at this.
"And when you fuck your sexy wife, you can watch this sexy woman sit and watch me take your cock."
It was Darryl's turn now, as he hardened in front of us (clearly no stage fright with him), he whipped around Alana, holding her from behind, as his hands roamed over her body. Twisting her round to face me directly, he too whispered in her ear.
"Look honey, a big cocked guy is going to watch you take dick."
Darryl started rubbing her nipples and running his fingers along her slit, tickling the hairs at the top. Alana moaned in pleasure, spreading her legs slightly to allow Darryl better access to her pussy.
"Hmmmmmm, look honey, see he is starting to get hard."
She was right, I'd been turned on by this show and it had barely started. Glancing across to Tracy, I could see was in the same boat as I, putting one of her legs over the arm of her chair to allow her access to her slit.
"NO." barked Alana
"You are not allowed to touch yourself until I say."
With that, Tracy sat back demurely.
"Good, now husband, where were we?"
Alana, turned around and sat on her heels in front of Darryl, taking his cock in her hands and kissing it lovingly. Her other hand caressed his balls, before she gave them attention too, taking one, then the other fully into her mouth, much to the appreciation of Darryl.
Darryl's hands strayed to the head of his wife as she started to bob up and down on his cock. Alana could suck cock, I will give you that, and was easily able to deep throat Darryl's cock, much to his satisfaction. However, Alana was on a mission, standing once more before instructing her husband in no uncertain terms to 'make her come by eating her pussy'.
Darryl, was led to the bed by Alana, and parting her legs whilst sitting at the edge of the bed, invited Darryl to eat her pussy whilst she was sitting up, making direct eye contact with me. Like Darryl, her hand found the top of her partner's head, directing him from time to time as her other hand played with her nipples.
Alana was clearly enjoying the attention her pussy was getting, as both hands strayed to Darryl's head, and her moaning become more and more frequent. She pushed Darryl back from her pussy, swung her heels over his shoulders, pulling her knees towards her breasts before he was dragged back to her pussy with both hands. Clearly this allowed Darryl more access, as I could now see he had space to slip a finger into her slick pussy, causing Alana to shiver uncontrollable for a second.
"Yes, right there. My clit loves your tongue."
Darryl, managed to squeeze a second digit in, and Alana started to squirm and buck as she neared orgasm.
"Yes, yes, yes." she moaned, before going tense as she had her first shuddering orgasm.
She let Darryl go with a contented sigh, dragged him up to her face and gave him a long slow sensuous kiss.
"Honey, would you like to fuck me now?"
"Fucking yes."
Darryl, grabbed a long sip of his bourbon as Alana shuffled up the bed, he then bent down and gave her a kiss, clearly sharing some of the bourbon in his mouth with her.
Alana lifted her stocking clad thighs and put them over Darryl's shoulder, her sexy black heels either side of his ears. Grabbing her tits, he aimed his dick at her slick pussy. Alana guided him into her slick pussy, and managed to take his average sized dick in one very satisfied stroke. Darryl's big balls rested on her sexy ass, again I was surprised at the size of them.
Darryl, then eased out of Alana, and then slammed back in, his fleshy balls smacking against her ass.
"Hmmm."
Darryl, continued to pump into Alana in a similar manner, his balls slapping against Alana's ass with every slam. Alana, was clearly enjoying this, as she had her eyes closed and put her head back onto the bed.
Glancing across at Tracy, I could see she was enjoying the show, she'd managed to slip her leg back over the arm of her chair, and was playing with her pussy with her fingers and an ice cube from her drink.
Darryl, was brought to an abrupt stop by Alana.
"NO TOUCHING. Darryl get off me."
After Darryl had withdrawn, Alana stood up, chastising Tracy. Alana searched the wardrobe quickly before emerging with two ties.
"If you can't behave, then I will have to take steps." Alana said as she gently tied Tracy's hands to the arms of the chair with the ties. Alana then clipped across to me, glancing down at my firm cock. She looked over her shoulder at Tracy, before she said,
"See what you've made me have to do, Tracy?" with that she turned back to me and slowly rolled first one, then the other hold up stocking, before she stepped out her fuck me shoes, and offered me her toe to my mouth. Biting the stocking, I helped Alana remove both stockings, but I was confused.
Alana put her fuck me shoes back on, and taking my hand gently, tied my hands to the arms with her stockings, before kissing me hungrily and flicking the tip of my cock with her hand. Just as I was enjoying the attention, she broke the kiss, took an ice cube from my glass and popped it into my mouth. Alana kissed me again, sucking the cube into her mouth. She broke the kiss, sashayed across to Tracy, popped the cube out, and rubbed it on Tracy's already hard nipples, before returning to the bed, lying on her back, she rubbed the wet, cold cube against her nipples (Darryl agape at his hot wife being slutty), before rubbing it up and down her wet slit. Then she did something that I think we all had a 'Fuck, that is hot' moments, Alana then slipped the cube into her pussy, lifted her knees and looking directly at Tracy said to Darryl.
"Fuck your wife, I want to feel your balls slapping my ass."
Darryl clearly couldn't believe his luck, or obviously the feeling as he slipped back into his wife's pussy.
"FUCK, that feels INCREDIBLE." he advised as Alana moaned loudly.
Darryl then slammed back in again, his balls slapping her ass, before withdrawing slowly. However this was clearly not good enough for Alana.
"Fuck me, I want to feel your balls slap my ass. Faster you dirty bastard."
Darryl picked up the pace his balls smacking fleshily into Alana's ass.
"Can"
"I"
"Do"
"It?" Darryl managed between strokes.
"Yes, but let me come first."
Alana's hands slipped down to her tits and her clit, playing with both as she was taking dick.
"Fuck, I love to see you play with yourself." Darryl said as he pounded her slick pussy.
"Mmmmmmmmmm, I love feeling your balls slap my ass."
With that, Darryl picked up his pace, exciting Alana more and more with each stroke.
Alana started to squirm as she neared her second orgasm.
"Yes Darryl, pound my married cunt. Make me come and I will let you do it."
Darryl continued to pound, and after a few more strokes, he was rewarded as Alana's floodgates burst and she came noisily.
Darryl, was already withdrawing, clearly ready for 'the thing'. Again, it was the second time for me to be surprised, as was Tracy. We were both expecting anal to be the thing, as Alana handed Darryl some lube as she assumed the position. Alana had swung her legs right over her shoulder to the bed, her ass raised well off the bed as Darryl lubed her ass hole.
Climbing onto the bed, Darryl approached his wife's ass, crouching down to meet it. However, the surprise was still to come, Darryl was intent in squeezing his balls into her ass, not his cock. Watching open mouthed (along with a similar Tracy), Darryl eased his huge balls into Alana's tight ass.
With satisfaction all over his face, Darryl shot a look over his shoulder to both of his audience, and then bending over, managed to persuade his cock back into her waiting pussy.
"Are you close honey?" Alana asked.
"Yes baby."
"Come in my pussy when you do, I have plans." With that, Alana started to diddle her clit with her fingers (amazing given her position). Darryl groaned in pleasure.
"God, it feels amazing when you squeeze your ass on my balls." Alana was now looking at me and winked, then mouthed 'I have an amazing ass.'
Darryl's moaning had increased in volume, and he was starting to twitch, but with Alana's ass keeping a tight grip of his balls, he couldn't move too much.
"ARRRRRGGGGHHHH." was all Darryl could utter as he fired deep into his wife.
"Hmmmmmmm, thank you honey, that feels like a big load for your wife."
As he softened Darryl milked all his come into his wife, then stood gently, easing his balls out of his wife's ass with care.
"Go and have yourself cleaned up by Tracy, it will serve her right for playing with herself."
Darryl's grin became a mile wide as he wandered over to Tracy, who tentatively, then caringly cleaned all trace of come, and pussy juice from his cock. Meanwhile, Alana had stayed in the same position,
"Is she finished darling?"
"Yes." I suppose she is, Darryl said rather disappointedly.
"Untie her and bring her to me."
Darryl undid the ties holding Tracy to the chair and led her to Alana on the bed.
"Tracy, I want you to suck Darryl's come out of my pussy."
This initially shocked Tracy, I could see. She glanced over to me for reassurance, and I nodded. She then knelt and locked her lips on Alana's pussy. Alana moaned in pleasure and brought her legs down, over Tracy's shoulders, her knees high.
Tracy lapped at Alana's pussy, sucking and slurping noisily. Knowing Tracy's liking for come, I knew that she would devour any come that did drip out, but I was impressed that she was giving Alana a good time too.
Darryl had taken the opportunity to get his phone and and was filming the scene, all the time muttering,
"Oh my fucking god, this is so hot."
Alana was clearly nearing orgasm, as again her legs were twitching, and her moaning was nearly continuous. Again, she looked me in the eyes and mouthed to me 'If you thought my ass was good, you should taste my pussy.'
That was what drove her over the edge and she came hard under Tracy's attention.
"Fuck. I can't believe I've got that on video."
Chuckling to Darryl, I said to him,
"You have one fucking hot wife."
"He does." Alana was untying her stockings, releasing me. "You are about to find out for yourself."
With that, she took my hand, beckoning me to stand, and to the bed.
"No." I said, surprising myself.
Alana looked crestfallen.
"You are only going to get fucked if you put your stockings back on. That will teach you to tie me up."
"Mon dieu, you almost disappointed a girl there." She shucked off her shoes and made a show of pulling her hold up stockings before putting back her shoes.
Alana now led me back to the bed, pushing me onto the bed first, and kneeling over me, kissing me passionately, her tongue flicking mine, as she rubbed her pussy against my hard cock.
"I had to get nice and wet before I could think about taking this cock of yours. I'm now going to enjoy it." Having rubbed her wet slit against the whole length, she managed to line it up so the tip could probe her cunt.
"Hmmmmm. So nice, so good."
"Do you think my husband is going to enjoy his wife being fucked by a big cock?" she asked me. Glancing over her shoulder and seeing Darryl filming avidly, I looked her in the eye and nodded.
"I think he will remember this for a very long time."
With this, she managed to slip a few inches in.
"Hmmmmm, no wonder your woman likes to fuck you like a bunny."
Looking across to Tracy, I wondered how much she had told Alana, she smiled sweetly back at me, her hand had strayed to her slit, but Alana's back was to her, safe for now.
"My girlfriend has obviously been telling tales." with that, I moved my hips and gave her a few more inches, resulting in an open mouth from Alana.
"Fuck." was all I could hear from Darryl.
Alana sat upright, taking another inch as she did, my hands now free to grasp her tits, rolling her nipples mercilessly, resulting in a moan from Alana.
"I have to show my husband how much cock I have in my pussy." said Alana, she knelt, turned around, reverse cowboy style, and looked directly at Darryl.
"Can you see me take his big cock, honey?" Darryl nodded from behind the screen of his phone.
Alana reached down between her legs as she kneeled above me and rubbed my cock, barely able to get her fingers to touch about its widest point.
"Hmmmmm." guiding my cock towards her slit, she lowered herself onto me.
Grasping her thighs, I applied a mixture of gentle pressure and a thrust from below.
"Hmmmmm, you have no idea how good that feels Honey." With that she knelt up, looked at Tracy and then plunged all the way to the hilt, slapping her ass against my stomach.
Alana felt good, very good now that I'd got to depth, but there was no time to savour this, she started to bounce on my cock, alternating playing with my balls and her clit, her thighs and ass slapping against me with a deep moan coming from somewhere deep within Alana.
Her ass was too good to miss, I lubricated my fingers from her slickness covering my cock, before I inserted a finger in her ass hole. Resulting in another moan from Alana, and a look over her shoulder, 'see my ass is amazing.' as she continued to slam against me.
Moaning continuously, I wanted to make her wait before she came, so I pushed her forward, off my cock (much to her complaint).
"On your knees Alana. I am going to enjoy fucking you as you look into your husband's eyes."
"Hmmmmmm, I like the sound of that." she purred as she climbed onto her knees.
"Now Tracy, if you would like to get underneath Alana, I gestured to her, hoping I'd not gone too far." However, Tracy had obliged and was slipping herself under Alana, face to face.
"Tracy, I want your mouth this way, I pointed to Alana's pussy." this raised an eyebrow from all three as the girls re-positioned themselves. This gave Alana access to Tracy's pussy, and vice versa, and I didn't have to persuade the girls to start. Easing back into Alana's pussy, I felt Tracy's tongue on my balls. With the girls in this position, I was going to surprise the other 3 too.
"Fuck you feel so deep in my pussy." moaned Alana.
Picking up my pace until I'm sure my balls must have been slamming against Tracy's chin, I started to hear Tracy moaning under Alana's attention, this was making Alana moan too, her deep guttaral moans, I could feel through my cock.
Pulling out, I aimed at Alana's ass, still lubricated from taking Darryl's balls (and if it could take them, it was going to be able to take me). This was going to be my attempt at the hat-trick of ass, pussy and mouth (albeit on 2 different women).
"Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh, fffffffffffffFFFFFFFUCCCKKK" was all Alana could manage as I slid to my depth in her ass. Giving her a dozen strokes, I pulled out, and straight into her pussy for another dozen.
"Tracy, I am going to fuck your mouth when I pull out of Alana's pussy."
Having to re-position herself under Alana's assault of her pussy, I could see Tracy's mouth underneath Alana, aiming I pushed as much as I could into her mouth before Alana's ass stopped me getting further.
"Oh fuck, that is so hot." Darryl muttered from behind the lens.
After a dozen strokes, I pulled out of Tracy's mouth and straight into Alana's pussy.
"FUCK, where has that been? I need it in me." Alana obviously approving of me slamming into her cunt for a dozen strokes.
"JESUS, you are fucking my ass with your big cock. Darryl, get this on film, FUCK." Darryl switched positions so that he could get footage of the act. However, I wasn't waiting for him, and continued with the dozen strokes in each hole.
Darryl then moved back round to Alana's face, and she grabbed him by the cock, jerking him as she continued to eat Tracy's pussy.
As I re-entered Alana's ass, for the 5th time, Alana was moaning constantly, she was obviously getting close. Alana broke her contact with Tracy and advised us,
"Guys when you come, it is going to be in our mouths. Tracy and I are going to snowball."
"Fuck" Darryl and I said at the same time.
Picking up my speed, I was looking forward to seeing this. Alana's moans picking up volume and intensity, before she started to shake (I was in her pussy, so figured I'd better stay there). Hammering into her, Tracy obviously realised that she was close too, and picked up her assault of Alana's clit as she came to a shuddering climax.
"I'm going to come." announced Darryl.
Alana, then pulled off me, dragging Tracy with her to kneel on the floor either side of Darryl. She waved me over, and the next thing I knew was that I had a hand from each woman on my cock, as did Darryl. Tracy leaned forward and licked Darryl's tip, then mine, before Alana did exactly the same, blowing both my and Darryl's mind.
"Ahhhhh." Darryl started to moan, and Alana released him to Tracy's touch. Alana meanwhile, looked up at me, and simply said,
"Give me your come, cherie."
Darryl was starting to blow, aimed at Tracy's open mouth. Having already come once, the volume was never going to be the same, but it was impressive none the less. His first shot landed on her cheek as Tracy was pumping him furiously, but for the rest she caught it greedily in her mouth.
"Tsk tsk, ma cherie, you have much to learn about a man's come." said Alana as she leant over to lick the spurt that had landed on Tracy's cheek off.
"Watch me as your man comes."
Alana looked back directly into my eyes, one hand on my shaft, the other hefting my balls. Alana started pumping my cock furiously as her tongue flicked the tip.
"Unnnggghhh." was just about all I could manage to utter as she pumped.
"See honey, when I guy is going to come you can feel his balls lift." Alana demonstrated to an open mouthed, cum filled Tracy.
"Unh unh." was all about Tracy could manage.
"That's when you know he's going to shoot, and all girls know that they should shoot somewhere important." Alana had me nailed, she placed her lips around my tip at just the right moment for me to come what felt like gallons into her mouth. Alana wasn't finished though, as she sucked every last drop of come I had in my balls. Leaning back she showed Darryl and myself her full mouth before turning to Tracy, gently grabbing her jaw, leaning her head back to open her mouth, before she pursed her lips and dropped my fresh load into Tracy's mouth.
"Fuck." was all Darryl and I could manage.
Alana then leant back, her head back,
"And now, give it back to me." she said
Tracy moved in and pursed her lips, and dropped the double load into Alana, only for Alana to lock lips with Tracy and have a passionate, come filled kiss with her. If I'd not just come, that would have got me very hard.
The girls then broke their kiss, displaying their empty mouths for us (and Darryl's phone) to see.
"Right, how are we going to go one better next time?" asked Alana.