The Beach Trip Continues
[This is a work of fiction where all participants are at least 18 years of age. If referring to a "teen" it means an eighteen- or nineteen-year-old.]
What happened before... while having a family dinner, Alix talked her parents into the three of them going to a new beach. That it was a nude beach was surprising to Michel and Carol, but they were game, it turned out. The family set off to discover a new playground, and did they ever find one.
[This section leads directly from the previous one.]
Now that they were alone, Carol and Michel took cover in the shade of the beach umbrella while Alix sorted through their cooler for a refreshment. She asked, "do you guys want a juice or something?"
"Actually, I think I'm going to hit the water," said Michel, "I need to cool down and get all this sand off me."
"We'll join you in a minute," suggested Carol. " I want to talk to Alix first."
Michel took his leave as the women watched him going away, his white buttocks nearly gloving against the tan of his back and legs. He turned, almost as if he'd heard their thoughts, but didn't say anything. Carol commented: "I'm so glad you suggested this place, Alix. It is so, so comfortable and no one seems to pay any attention to what others look like or what they're doing."
Alix replied, "I beg to differ... they are certainly interested in some of what is happening around them."
Carol had not been in sight when Alix and Daniel had been having their fun, and she told her mother this. "They were sure looking when Daniel (that young guy who just left) was having his way with me."
"Get out! That boy who just left with..." she tapered off.
"He was amazing, and I think our two friendly neighbours who took him away knew full well; they were watching us very closely," she added.
Carol stood up and took her daughter's hand, pulling her up with a laugh, "let's get rinsed off, too. Your dad looks lost all alone out there."
Not considering their nudity, both women took off at a bit of a run, drawing hungry stares from admirers. Each step led to a matching swing of each woman's breasts. They ran, hand in hand finally realizing how it might look to other beachgoers. They slowed a bit, just to enjoy the ogling and looks of appreciation.
Alix was really showing off her long, lithe legs with a perky butt giggling along to the rhythm. Carol, a little heavier but still a dynamite body, even if it wasn't 18 years old like Alix's, but she knew she was drawing a lot of attention, too.
Too soon they reached the edge of the water and as they stepped into the first little wave, jumped back because they thought the water too cold. At this, Michel yelled from where he stood almost chest-deep, "come on in, you chickens! It's great in here."
Naturally, both Carol and Alix were happy to venture deeper, but slowly. Their strategy being one of go slow and acclimatize, where Michel's was more of a dive in and get used to it.
Alix was still holding her mother's hand as they stepped deeper. She also noticed that her mother's nipples had grown tightly rigid and said as much, "Mom, your nipples! Wow. Dad's gotta love the view."
"What are you talking about, young lady? Look at yours and tell me they're not even harder than mine."
"Actually, I can feel them get even harder now that I'm thinking about them."
Carol actually blushed at that moment, joined right after by Alix.
"Dad! We're coming to save you," she cried.
Michel had watched his girls run across the sand, both women the envy of others. He watched as if they moved in slow-motion. When they hit the water and finally walked out to where he stood, he smiled and said to them, "I really love you both..."
Not having anything to say, Carol moved up against her husband, grabbing him for a full-body hug. Her breasts were chorused against his chest as he pulled her in by holding her buttocks in his strong hands.
Alix decided she didn't want to be excluded so stepped up to her mom's side and ducked under her father's right arm so that he was now hugging both of them.
Releasing "his girls," Michel dove under a wave and set off into deeper water with a strong stroke. Alix chose to stay where she was and simply float, enjoying the sun and the water on her body. She lay back, floating there. Her feet kicked occasionally to turn her around so she could look all over the beach, and watch her dad still swimming away, looking ever the strong swimmer she'd heard of him going back to college where he'd been on the swim team.
Meanwhile, Carol was splashing about, diving under and disappearing for a long time before reappearing 30 feet away. She, too, had been a competitive swimmer and was entirely at ease in the ocean. Done, she paddled towards her daughter, joining her alongside. As they floated, their bodies showed just enough above the water, breasts standing proudly above the water with their rigid nipples pointing to the sun. Carol's breasts were not as firm as Alix's but even as they spread slightly on her chest, they were absolutely perfect.
Alix floated higher in the water and occasionally her hips pushed up to reveal her small pubic bush just above the water. Seeing this, Carol commented, "I see you're letting your bush grow out -- looks great, I think.
"Thanks mom. Let me see yours..."
Carol slowly did a reverse roll, taking her backwards in a slow-motion underwater summersault which thrust her hips and pubic triangle up out of the water where Alix was able to get a good look.
Coming back up, Carol asked, "what do you think? I just shaved it last week and though it felt strange at first, I am loving the look and feel; it's so soft."
As the women spoke, Michel came back from his half-kilometer swim, pushing hard over the last few metres and coming to a glide a few feet away from Alix. Carol had, in the meantime, done her little dive and was gone when Michel stopped in front of Alix, standing in chest-deep water.
"Where's your mom?" he asked. Then quickly added, "Oh! There she is," as Carol had swum up to him and had taken his shrunken penis into her mouth.
Alix, understanding what was happening, dove u under the surface as well and kicked over to where her mother was fellating Michel. She tapped on Carol's shoulder and motioned her away. Then she took over the task, placing her soft, full lips around her dad's cock as it became erect. Carol popped back up in front of her husband who, for a moment, had a look of confusion on his face. He was thinking, ' how can she be here when I can still... oh, my!'
"How's she doing, darling?" asked Carol.
All Michel could do was give her a big, lusty smile, and added, "that girl is almost as good as that as you are."
At that, Carol ducked under the water again, tagged Alix on the shoulder, and took over the oral duties. They took turns like this many times until Michel could no longer stand the pleasure. He began to thrust his hips forward, his cock pistoning into the waiting mouth of his daughter. Carol ducked underneath then and joined Alix where they took turns swallowing the hardon that was just starting to pulse in anticipation.
The two of them took positions on either side and kissing each other, they guided Michel's cock between their lips. His thrusts pushed between their two mouths for only a few more thrusts then with one final, hard push, he came. Hard. His cockhead spewed its seed past their two mouths and strung out in a thick line of sperm that floated away from them. A couple more spurts and he was done.
Carol and Alix resurfaced, still kissing as if nothing had changed, Just seeing the two of them there, breasts pressed against each other during their deep, loving kiss, made him love them both even more.
When the girls broke off, Michel was still standing there, staring at the two perfect bodies in front of him. He had nothing to say, but instead decided to dive under the water himself. He swam around the two of them and as they parted, he ducked in between one pair of legs and came up to plant his mouth on the nearest delta of female flesh.
His mouth connected with the mound with that soft patch of pubic hair. Not entirely sure which woman it was, he did consider it might be Alix which gave him the start of a new erection. He moved his body so that he was positioned between her long legs as if she was sitting astride his face. He grasped her buttock in each hand and pulled her in tight to his mouth. He thrust his tongue out, finding a rigid little clitoris at the peak of the pubic triangle. He could see Carol a few feet away but under water and watching his every move.
Michel was able to lick and kiss Alix's pussy for just a short while but then had to come up for air. As he did so, Carol herself ducked under the water and took his place between her daughter's thighs where she just picked up where her husband had left off.
As with Michel blowjob, the two parents took turns eating the younger woman's pussy, each time being rewarded with a pussy pushing against their mouths. Eventually, Alix started to shake a bit, then a little more until, with Michel in position, she started to have an orgasm. This one was long in arriving, but when it started, there was nothing to stop it. Carol was even able to replace Michel and continued performing cunnilingus as her daughter kept orgasming.
All the while, Michel was under water as well, watching every bit of the action in front of him. His cock was fully distended and ready for some action.
When Carol finally came up, she was breathing hard as she'd stayed under a little too long. Michel tried to get her interested in fucking but she claimed she was exhausted and wanted to get back to the beach and have a rest.
Alix had almost dozed off following her massive orgasm. She lay back in the water, breasts rising and falling noticeably as she, too, regained her breath.
Carol piped up, "do you guys want to head in? I could use a rest, and a cold one."
The three of them floated towards the beach until they had to stand up and walk out of the water. The two women lagged behind Michel who was still sporting a healthy erection. He could feel it pulsing with is blood as it tried to get harder yet. He felt if bob with each step he took. Despite his earlier misgivings about going to a nude beach, he now strode across the sand as if he owned it.
Michel could see others on their towels and blankets watching the family of three walking back to their sport; he especially noticed some of the women with eyes glued to his penis. That only made him harder -- he slowed his walk and let his cock lead him where it wanted to.
Behind him, Carol and Alix had also noticed his walk of pride, and the onlookers. Alix whispered to Carol, "should we get him a new pussy to try out?"
"You bet," but let's do it together, okay?"
Michel, unaware of these plans, was approaching their blanket and umbrella. He turned around to see if his girls were still behind him but was surprised to see they'd made a detour on the way. They were standing by a middle-aged couple who were clearly sun worshippers as their tans were complete. They each had delicious-looking bodies. The man seemed short, but was well-proportioned with only a small belly.
The woman looked as good as her partner. Her tan was golden and beaded with moisture as if she'd just been in the water as well. And both Carol and Alix were standing there in their own nudity but with visible tan lines creating a contrast with the other two. 'I wonder what they're doing?' thought Michel.
At the same time, Carol was talking to Addison and her husband, Marcus. After introducing themselves, Carol mentioned that the couple were obviously repeat visitors to the beach. "You mean out tans?" asked Marcus.
"Yup, that, and the fact you look so comfortable out here. We were a little nervous as this is our first time coming here, and, you know, leaving it all out here."
Addison replied, "maybe your first time, but you've certainly learned what you needed to know..."
"What do you mean," asked Alix.
"You all look fantastic and judging from your little swim out there, you do enjoy a licentious streak..."
"You saw that, eh?" said Alix.
Marcus replied, "we considered joining you as it looked like a lot of fun."
"I held him back," explained Addison, "I wanted to watch you."
Alix blushed. Carol smiled.
"So how do you guys know each other?" asked the woman.
Hesitating, Carol considered her answer before deciding truth would be the best option. "Michel, looking lost over there, is my husband, and this is our daughter, Alix."
Despite an effort, Addison seemed a bit flustered by that fact. Her eyes went back and forth between the mother and daughter.
"I told you they were a family! I won the bet," said Marcus. "I told her you were a family but she wouldn't believe me."
Taking some control back, Carol looked at Addison and asked, "how do feel about that?"
Addison had regained control and replied, "actually, I was thinking it was the most erotic thing I have seen or heard at this beach. You guys are so in tune with each other that it's easy to see how you might choose to love each other in that way."
"That is so nice of you to say," said Carol.
Added Alix, "yea, I really love my parents... and the sex is great, too!"
That broke the ice totally.
Carol, who'd had an ulterior motive from the start, spoke up now. "We're both exhausted from the swim (she winked) and Michel wants to fuck us again. How would you like to take that on for me?"
Addison looked over to Michel, then back at her husband and said, "I would love to fuck that man, and since you asked so nicely, I say we head over and let him know."
Marcus, not to be left out, cleared his throat and when the three women looked at him, he nodded towards his own cock which had been growing in anticipation. Neither Carol nor Alix had noticed before, but though only half-erect, his cock was big. Really big.
Not sure how Alix would feel about it, Carol piped up, "I'd fuck him, too."
"It's a deal, said Addison. Let's go tell your husband."
The four of them walked together over to where Michel was now reclined on the blanket, half-sitting in the legless beach chair. His erection was still rock hard, especially as he watched the three women approaching him. He noticed the guy but didn't really pay attention.
Addison was leading the pack and holding Carol's hand in hers as if they'd been best friends forever. He was not too tall, shorter than Alix but a bit taller than the fellow walking behind. He bronze skin was smooth and tight; she looked to be in her forties but very fit. Her breasts were not huge, but much larger than either Carol's or Alix's. She had large areola and her soft, puffy nipples spread across about two inches around. Her thighs were well-muscled like those of an ice skater or swimmer and appeared able to grasp a man hard if she chose to. Her pubic mound was fully tanned and devoid of any hair. He could see her thick pussy lips glistening with moisture that probably wasn't water or tanning oil.
Getting closer, Addison spoke first, "Michel, right?"
"Yea, that's me."
"Well, Carol asked me to come over here and fuck you. Is that okay?"
Stammering, Michel mumbled, "uh, sure, I guess."
His words may have been muted, but his erection had heard every word and stiffened just a little more.
Not saying anything, Addison knelt beside Michel and took his cock into her hand, appreciating how hard he was. "Looks like you're ready for this, aren't you?"
With that, she put threw one knee over his legs. In that position, Michel could see that her sex was absolutely ready for him. The puffy outer lips suggested that the entrance would be very welcoming indeed.
Addison lifted herself up on her knees just enough to allow her to slide her cunt over top of Michel's cock. Instead of inserting him into her opening, she rocked her hips to rub against his erection and coating with her ample juices. Her nipples had hardened just like his cock as she readied him to enter her pussy.
She leaned back slightly, lifting her cunt to a position just above the burgundy knob of his cock. Using her excellent muscular control, she maneuvered herself until all that was needed was to drop onto Michel's hardon. As she did, Michel almost gasped as he felt his flesh part Addison's pussy lips and glide deep into her body. That she seemed to hold on to his cock as it went in spoke to her excellent control of her pelvis and Kegel muscles. He'd never felt such a strong pussy before. She was almost stroking him as he remained buried to the hilt.
Addison began to move her body sensuously, rotating her hips and rocking forwards and backwards, all the while grasping the erection inside her. She stopped for a moment and sat very still on his cock. She could feel his pulsing organ and the tug of his groin as he tried to thrust up into her.
After a while, the woman stood up over Michel; his cock was wet with her juices and pulsing madly as it responded to the loss of the warm, slippery cunt it had just lost. Addison reached down to Michel, prompting him to stand up. As he did, Addison leaned over to put her hands on the blanked, raising her delicious ass for his attention. She moved her feet apart just enough to show her pussy opening to anyone looking on, Michel was thoroughly impressed with her sexuality, to say nothing of the gaping cunt in from of his face.
Addison then wiggled her ass to get his attention but Michel held off as he stared at her pussy. There was moisture glistening on her labia. That was easy to see because her cunt lips were rather long, extending well beyond the edges of the opening. He reached between the woman's legs and ran his fingers softly along those amazing labia.
She understood now what was taking him so long to enter her properly. In response, she wiggled her ass again and reached down, leading him to place his throbbing member into her hand. As he did so, she pulled him towards her demanding pussy. Michel went for it. Hard. Holding on to Addison's hips he pushed himself deep into her cunt again and again. Since he'd already come there was no danger of an early ejaculation. He simply kept thrusting into Addison's delicious pussy as she pushed back against him for each thrust.
As Addison was fucking her husband, Carol turned to Marcus with a little smile on her lips. "I guess it's your turn, then," she said.
He smiled, giving Carol a look of anticipation. For her part, Carol looked closer at what she'd thought was a pretty big cock earlier. It had grown somewhat as they had watched Addison with Michel. In fact, it seemed to have doubled in size, she thought. She was having doubts about this when Marcus said softly, "don't worry, you can take it, Carol, I know you will enjoy it. In fact, why don't you take the top and stay in control."
Unbeknownst to Carol, Alix was standing back from the both of them but had her eyes locked on the biggest cock she had ever seen. She wondered how her mother would take it, but realized it would be just fine. Of course, she had doubts about her own ability to fuck such a giant tool. Maybe she'd have to try a bigger dildo when she got home.
Marcus took his place alongside his wife on the big blanket. Michel was still pounding into her and barely noticed Marcus. Carol came close to Marcus, standing between his knees as she considered what it would be like to fuck something the size of a cucumber. "Let's get going," she chuckled to her new lover, "it's time to sit on that thing."
Marcus lay back, arms crossed behind his head giving him a clear view of Carol's body. She first knelt between his knees and she took as much of his organ into her mouth -- just the head, really -- spreading her saliva over the sensitive flesh. She wanted every advantage to make this work; she was still worried about the size, but also excited.
As she licked Marcus's gland, she had one hand on her clitoris with two fingers inserted into her now very wet cock pit. She was ready.
Carol moved into position, bringing her pubic mound into contact with the monster in front of her. She rocked her hips a few times, rubbing against Marcus's rigid pole. He moaned slightly, enjoying the feeling of Carol's pubes pressed against him.
After doing this for a minute or two, Carol was ready to try to fit this giant cock into herself. "Here goes," she said more to herself than to her lover.
Marcus responded: "Let "Lil' Marcus" introduce himself to your lovely pussy."
"Lil' Marcus?!"
"Why not? Makes him seem more friendly is how I think of it," explained 'big' Marcus.
Carol placed the burgundy knob at her entrance. She held her pussy open with one hand and held onto the big cock with the other, guiding him into herself. As she lowered herself just a bit, a gasp escaped from her. "That's really big, Marcus."
"Take your time, you'll get used to it as he goes in a little more."
Carol said nothing, but allowed herself to take more of the cock below her. Slowly, she took another bit, then another until, to her surprise, she'd taken the whole of Lil' Marcus into her cavity. She was not ready to move yet. Instead, she enjoyed the fullness of the big cock in her pussy. She squeezed it with her vagina, tugging at it instead of moving up and down."
"That's fucking amazing," said Marcus. "Keep doing that and you'll have me ready in no time."
It was time for Carol to take the next step.
Squatting on her lover's lap with his cock embedded in her stretched-out pussy, she rose slightly, feeling the cock as it moved out of her. She only let about half the erection out before carefully sliding back down to its full length. She did this a number of times, each one allowing slightly more of Lil' Marcus escape.
Fully lubricated and gently stretched to accommodate the giant cock, it was time for Carol to get to fucking. She started slowly but soon had a steady rhythm, letting Marcus thrust fully into her body. As she enjoyed what was happening to her body, she cried out, " what a magnificent COCK!" And kept on riding Marcus until both were approaching a climax.
"I'm going to come soon," warned Marcus.
"Keep going. Keep it going. Just a few more..." pleaded Carol.
But it was too late for Marcus. He grasped Carol by the shoulders, pulling her generous tits to his mouth, all the while thrusting against Carol's motion.
Carol wasn't ready for her own orgasm but she knew Marcus wouldn't hold much longer. Then he jammed her ___ tits into his mouth. That was Carol's secret button -- her nipples were 'wired' directly to her clit and Marcus chewing on them had the effect it always had: she climaxed, crying out as she did. Her orgasm grew, throwing her body in a wave of pleasure.
She was still coming when Marcus had his own climax. He took Carol by the hips and half-lifted her back and forth on his cock. Finally, he thrust himself deep into his lover's climaxing pussy. "Ahhhh....," he moaned.
During this whole time, Alix had been watching the action in front of her. First, seeing her father's ecstasy as he fucked Addison; her riding astride his manhood, then when he stood and took her from behind. She moved around a bit for a better look. She felt herself becoming wetter and wetter as she watched. She was surprised to notice that Addison was watching Alix as she took Michel deep into herself. A wide smile gave Alix a little thrill as she watched.
Alix was also interested in how her mom would take Marcus's big cock and was now focussed on the two of them. She saw her mother readying herself and then finally inserting that coke-can cock entirely within her cunt.
'This is the most exciting thing I've ever seen,' thought Alix to herself. She could barely hold herself back from jumping into the action. Instead, she squatted beside Marcus, opening herself up to his eyes, and boy did he look!
As she watched Carol taking every bit of Marcus into herself, and as Marcus stared at the teenager in front of him, Alix slipped two fingers into her own drenched pussy. She slowly moved them around in the way only she could control. Then she took her fingers and offered them to Marcus. He opened his mouth slightly and she inserted her fingers between his lips; he licked her juices off the fingers then sucked on them as if to encourage her to give him more.
Alix continued to play with herself, holding her lips open so her fingers could probe deep into the luscious cavity that was her young pussy. She was getting more and more turned on: her fingers doing their best to make her orgasm; her mother's cunt opening wide for Marcus; and of course, Marcus staring at her rapidly moving hand.
She was getting closer so she slowed her hand to properly build up as only she could. Then Marcus reached towards her pussy, slowly, as if asking permission. She gave it easily, taking his hand and placing it over her own hand even as her fingers continued their action. She let Marcus slowly take over once he'd matched her speed and pattern of movement.
It did not take long for her to collapse as those magic fingers probed and rubbed against her. She fell back but her pussy was always in reach of the man fucking her mother. She was coming when Marcus removed his hand to pull Carol down to suck at her breasts. It wasn't much longer that Carol had her own climax.
Finished the three of them collapsed where they lay, bodies naked and dripping of moisture and the juices of sex. Carol's cunt was leaking sperm from Marcus; he was covered in pussy juices; and Alix took it all in.
Michel and Addison had been done for a while and were sitting alongside the threesome on the next blanket. Every one of the five had that exhausted but completely satisfied look about them. No one said a word, but an occasional sigh of completeness escaped from one or the other.
Later, as Michel drove the family towards home, there was just a bit of conversation but it all amounted to what a great idea Alix had had for their family day at the beach.