Author's Note:
Hey, everyone! I am so, so sorry that it's been so long since I posted! I'm still struggling to write as fast as I used to as life is getting in the way. And since the Yoni Flower sequels and the Amazonian Uteroboscis sequel are taking me a bit longer to write than expected (yes Blight of The Yoni, Flesh Forest, and Uteroboscis 2 are still in the works, I promise!), I finished working on this super taboo, much-easier-to-write book you're about to read calledThe MasqueRave,which has been, like, 90% finished since 2022. It's so taboo that me and my publisher held off on it until we could figure out how to get it into print without accounts being terminated haha (don't worry, all characters are 18+ years of age). But now we've got a solution, it's ready for you all to enjoy!
Anywho, I present to you the supertaboostory I promised you all a few posts ago,The MasqueRave!This book follows 18-year-old Monica 'Momo' Morello—Olivia and Taylor's sweet and somewhat innocent dorm neighbor who you've probably seen in the previous two books. All I'll say about this story is that, if you look at the category and tags for this story and are expecting what's alluded to there, there's a high probability you will not be disappointed! This mystery romance erotica/accidental taboo is a standalone sequel toSentenced to GloryandBlackmailed Into Servitude, so it'll have some callbacks to those books and will add a little bit of lore/backstory for Sigma Lambda Tau, EPIK House, and the other frats/sororities, if you're interested in that. If you wanna see pictures of the Tallanasty girls featured in this story,Sentenced to Glory, or inBlackmailed Into Servitude,check the link in my bio!
Chapters 1-5 are essentially an intro to the story/scene-setting with some naughty background scenes and BJ action sprinkled in. If all you're looking for is the part where the main characters have somepenetrative, bareback fun, you'll have to wait/skip ahead toChapter 6! Chapter 7 (the much naughtier chapter where things get a little moreclimactic) will be posted next week. In the meantime,please check out either my bio or the comments for updates!
With all that said, please enjoy the read!




Chapter 1:
An Unexpected Plus-One

Monica 'Momo' Morello | 18
Saturday Morning, October 1st
The moment I step out of Magnolia Hall, the sunlight bakes my slightly olive skin like there's a cafeteria heat lamp being held right over me. Today is one of those sweltering, disgustingly humid mornings in Tallahassee where even a leisurely stroll from my dorm to the nearest lecture hall would have me all sweaty and sticky. Surely not the best day to wait until 11:00 a.m. to finally go out for my run but, as a Florida native, I don't let that stop me.
Using my smartwatch, I hit play on my running mix then break into a jog, heading left down Collegiate Loop. Instead of following the road back around toward my dorm, I cut across the sidewalk bordering the north end of FSU's Landis Green then hang a right down Honors Way. From there, I run south along the Green and, a few feet before hitting Citrus Way, I turn right down the walkway that runs along the park's southern end, heading back toward my dorm. This rectangular route is only 0.5 miles, so when I pass my resident hall, I keep on running and do it again.
By the end of my second lap, I'm drenched in sweat, my strawberry blonde ponytail is clung to my neck, and it feels like attempting to make it an even 2 miles will put me in the danger zone for sunburn.Screw it, I'm done,I think, slowing to a stop outside of my building.Not like I don't run at least a mile every other day.
The second I step through the doors of Magnolia Hall, chilled air washes over me. "Ahhh," I sigh in relief.
It always feels like winter in here, which is nice after being out in the heat but, by the time I get to my room on the fifth floor, I'm basically shivering. Especially when I'm this sweaty. Actually, even when I'm not sweaty I'm usually shivering if I don't have on a hoodie.
Per usual, Cecelia Cohan—my roommate and best friend of 13 years—still isn't back in the room when I walk in. Figures. Ever since she got the bid to join Sigma Lambda Tau, she pretty much lives at the sorority house from Thursday to Sunday night. And following last Sunday's official initiation into the sisterhood of S.L.T. orSLUTs, as they call themselves, I've barely seen her at all.
The only good thing about CeCe being gone so much is that she's not always hogging up the bathroom anymore,I think while stripping in the middle of the room and tossing my clothes into my laundry bin.
Not only do we not have to deal with communal showers, but our two-person suite has a private bathroom instead of the ones that are shared between two rooms. That's the only perk of getting assigned a dorm right beside the RA's. Still, I'd take living next to an RA who complains whenever we listen to music at a normal volume than share a bathroom with anyone other than CeCe. Because I'm a bit of a germaphobe.
As I pass the mirror hanging over the sink, I briefly meet my gaze, catching a glimpse of my light green eyes with pupils encircled by amber rings. My gaze then falls to mybarelyA-cup breasts, and I smirk at the sight of my pink nipples that are erect due to the frigid temperatures in here. After admiring my washboard abs, I turn my sweaty, petite body sideways to check out my butt—my best physical feature next to my eyes. I mean, many guys have called me pretty but, since my tits aren't much to look at and my body is skinny to the point that I look a few missed meals away from appearing anorexic, my perky ass is my saving grace from being flat as a board on both sides. And all the running and leg workouts I've been doing since starting college six weeks ago are really making my glutes start to pop, taking my booty from grabbable to 'juicy.'
No wonder I've caught so many guys checking out my ass lately,I think, reaching into the tub and turning on the water a few notches below the hottest setting.
Because music is everything to me, I power up the Bluetooth speaker that we keep on the three-tiered toiletry shelf across from the sink. Only once my favorite indie mix has begun do I step in the shower.
Four songs later, the water gets cut off. Since I don't wanna freeze to death, I towel off my body before opening the shower curtain and letting the steam out. Now I stand before the mirror while drying the curtain of naturally strawberry blonde hair that hangs a few inches past my shoulders. Only after I'm no longer dripping do I wrap the towel around my torso and step out into the room so I can grab the panties I forgot to bring in with me. As I do, the door flies open, startling me so badly that I yelp and jump back in a spastic way that makes my towel slip down.
"Yay! You're home!" my raven-haired bestie shouts, smiling brightly at me.
"I should be saying that toyou, CeCe," I say bitterly while quickly pulling the damp towel back up over my breasts. "I was starting to forget that we even went to the same college."
"Uh-oh... I know that tone... Same tone you used when I accidentally broke your doll in first grade... You're pissed at me for neglecting you, aren'tcha?"
Without even looking her in the eyes, I grab my underwear and start heading back to the bathroom. "I thought you were going out of town with yoursorority bestie, Faith." The words come out sharp instead of playful as intended.
"Okay then... Youaremad at me..."
I shut the bathroom door behind me.
"C'mon, Momo!" she pleads, calling me by the nickname that only my immediate family and oldest friends use—a moniker that's a partial amalgam of Monica Morello. "You knew I wasn't gonna be around much once I got into the sorority! You said you'd be okay with it!"
"Yeah," I say, pulling up my panties, "but I didn't think I'd legitneversee you. Like, had I known it was gonna be like this, I would've gone to Brown University like I wanted to, or to one of the other schools I got into instead of following through with ourMomo and CeCe against the world planfrom ninth grade."
"Monica... Have I or have I not been insistently going on for the last two years of high school about joining a sorority? You even said that you would too if we got into the same school! If it was really Momo and CeCe against the world,youwould've just rushed Sig-Lam-Tau with me, then we wouldn't be apart so much!"
I reemerge from the bathroom, pulling my FSU shirt over my head. "That's before I knew what being a full-time student meant... I'm abiologymajor..." I snatch my favorite hoodie off the bed then start putting it on. "I don't mind partying with you on weekends but, with my course load, I'd never be able to juggle studying, homework, and sorority stuff. And I was right. Sig-Lam-Tau has been more of a time-suck for you than your classes have been... Like, you barely passed your last few psychology exams because you hadzerotime to study during rush."
CeCe sighs. "Listen, you're right. This sorority has been awaybigger time suck than I thought it'd be, and I totally get why you didn't rush with me. I'm sorry for giving you crap just now. And I'm sorry that I've been M.I.A. since, basically, move-in day when you only came to FSU to be with me."
I offer her a warm smile as I flop down onto the edge of my bed. "It's alright. I guess seeing you a few hours a week is better than being all the way across the country at Brown or Stanford and not seeing you until the holidays."
"Exactly!" she cheers, flopping down beside me. CeCe wraps an arm around me and rests her head on my shoulder. "Starting today, I'll be better at spending time with you. I promise!"
"Wait, is that why you're here right now instead of on the road to wherever it was you were going with Faith? Felt bad about abandoning me so you canceled your plans?" I smirk at her now that she's lifted her head off my shoulder.
"No, I'm here because her mom is in the hospital or something and I don't wanna go unless you come with me!" She flashes me a wince-smile.
I arch a brow. "I amsooooo honoredto be your backup trip buddy now that you're in need of an unexpected plus one!" I say sarcastically.
"Um, youaren'tmy backup, you were my first pick," CeCe speaks in a serious tone. "I asked you to go with meweeksago—before I asked Faith—but you said 'hard pass.'"
"What? Why don't I remember this?"
"Oh, you'll remember when I tell you..."
"So, tell me!"
"Promise me you'll go with me first!"
I narrow my gaze at her. "Why would I promise you that I'll go if it's apparently something I already said no to?"
"Because you're my ride-or-die sister for life who'dneverleave me hanging. That's why!"
"Just tell me what it is, CeCe."
"Promise me that you'll go!"
"Fine. Whatever. I promise I'll go."
"Yay!" she cheers, clapping rapidly.
"Now tell me."
"Okay, so... Do you recall me telling you that Skylar—my Big sister at the sorority—drunkenly slipped up and told us about this exclusive, super-secret, masquerade-rave party that she went to last year?"
I squint, tilting my head to the side. "Vaguely? A masquerade rave sounds awesome though! Why would I say no to that?"
She smirks fiendishly. "Because it's notjusta masquerade rave... it's a masquerade-rave-themed, underground sex club party thrown at some secret mansion that they don't give you the address for till the day of."
I scowl. "Oh... Yeah... I remember that now... And, like I said last time,hard pass."
"Nope! You promised already, Momo!"
"CeCe... A sex club isn't exactly my kinda scene."
"How would you know? You've never been to one! And even if you have, it'd benothinglike MasqueRave! Skylar said it's like EDC meets Coachella meets a Madi Gras Carnival! Except they give you molly at the door, there's free booze all night, and everyone is allowed to walk around with their junk out and fuck on the dancefloor or wherever."
"Eww... IknowI won't like it because it'll be weird being around a bunch of naked people."
"But they won't be naked... They'll be wearing masks the entire time because no one's allowed to remove them for even a second." She smirks wickedly.
"Ha.Ha. Very funny... Aside from being around random nude people, I don't like the idea of watching people bone all night while I'm tryna party."
"Me and youliterallywatched porn together several times throughout high school so we could learn to give blowjobs and ride dick, Momo."
I snicker. "Yeah... But this is different!"
"How?How?"
"Because I'd be standing a few feet away from them, not on the other side of a computer screen."
She snickers. "Monica... You've seen tits and vadges in the locker rooms, you've seen a dick or two in real life, and you've watched porn. How isthisany different?"
I shrug. "I guess it's not, but—"
"Exactly! So just go with me! You don't have to stand around and stare at people while they're fuckin', just pop a molly with me, have a few shots, keep your gaze at face-level, and just vibe out to the music while you dance with some random hot guy of your choice! Boom, problem solved!"
"What's the point of going to a sex party if I'm not going to get it on with some rando though?"
"The point of going is to have a once-in-a-lifetime experience with your best friend at an exclusive event that we may never get the opportunity to attend ever again! Because that's what life is about! Experiences. Wild times. Sexual encounters. Getting the chance to be naked and free in public at a mask-mandatory event where no one will know who you are! When we graduate, the rest of our lives will be consumed by work. And then, one day, we'll have husbands and kids dominating our lives on top of that. Experiences like this are things you gotta jump on whenever the opportunity arises."
She has a point... My high school career was a bore-fest. The only parties I went to were the one after homecoming, the one after prom, the grad party, and the going away party at Connor Cooperman's house... Also, I've only had sex one time. Barely.
I inhale deeply then sigh. "I guess you're right about that."
"Iamright. And who knows, you might pop a molly and decide you wanna hookup with some man candy who happens to catch your eye."
"Unlikely..."
"Does you saying it's unlikely mean you're gonna be my plus one, or are you gonna make me go to a sex party all by myself?"
"Ugh... Will there be weird old dudes there?"
"Nope! The event is age-restricted. Eighteen- to thirty-two-year-olds only. Also, the people in charge of the event only select the most attractive applicants to be on the guest list, so all the guys will be hot. Side note, me making it on the list basically means I'm among one of the hottest girls in Florida who applied!" She tilts her head side-to-side while smirking and batting her eyelashes.
"As if you needed more of an ego trip." I giggle. "Alright, here's a more important question: Is it going to besafe?"
"Yup. Not only did Skylar tell us that there were condom dispensers everywhere but, to even be approved for the guest list, you have to pass a background check and you gotta submit STD test results from bloodwork taken within a week of the event before they send you your e-ticket."
"Well... Okay then... But I meant, like, sexual assault and stuff."
"Oh! The site says security will be abundant and that there's a strict 'women must initiate all sexual advances' rule. Like, the rules page explicitly says that female guests must take a guy's hand and put it between her legs if she wants to be touched so the cameras know it was consensual. And if two people wanna go somewhere private, the girl's gotta lead the guy by the hand through the mansion. If security sees some guy hauling a girl off to some room, it gets handled."
"I guess that'ssomewhatcomforting."
"Very! And Skylar swore that all the guys there the year she went were very respectful and followed the rules. Besides, no dude is gonna break the rules at the risk of getting banned from a place where it's impossiblenotto find someone to hook up with. Like, Skylar said they had escorts there that people couldrentby picking out someone on a tablet and swiping their smart band at the front desk or whatever."
"Oh wow... Okay."
"So, you in?"
"I dunno... I'm not even the kind of person who belongs at a rave sex party. I'm shy and awkward and—"
"Something I learned in theonepsych class I didn't skip is that, no matter how shy people are, they always come alive and become different people once they put on a mask. Anonymity makes everyone a little bit wild and act out of character. I doubt even you'd be the exception to that rule, especially after you loosen up with a few drinks."
I bobble my head side-to-side. "You're probably right."
"Iam right. So, time to get out of your comfort zone and live a little for once, Momo! Attending a word-of-mouth party thrown by a billionaire who's, like, our age is legit a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! Like, you don't understand how lucky we were to get selected, never mind be able to get tickets before they sold out. People legit sell their souls to get into these MasqueRave parties whenever they pop up around the country... So, c'mon! I don't wanna go alone! I want my oldest best friend with me!"
After a brief pause, I sigh and nod. "Alright... If you go, I go!"
"That's my girl!"
"Hold on, though... You said that they have to run a background check on people and confirm bloodwork before they put them on the list, so how the heck am I supposed to get in if it's already the day of?"
CeCe smiles, reaches into her purse, and then pulls out a plastic card and a black masquerade mask with gold accents. "Since Faith can't go, she gave me her driver's license and the login info for The MasqueRave app so you could use it to get in as her!"
"Oh wow... That's super nice of her," I say, taking the license from CeCe.
"I mean, I basically begged her. But the $250 admission fee is non-refundable, and she'd rather me go with you than have that money go to waste."
"Do I have to reimburse her?"
"Nope!"
"I don't know," I mutter, holding this girl's license up to my face. Me and Faith Hanson sort of have the same tiny nose and complexion, and her face is slim like mine, I guess. I'm an inch shorter than her, but that's negligible. Imightbe able to pass for her with a masquerade mask on if it weren't for my irises being a very rare light green with a ring of amber surrounding my pupils instead of the hazel brown that hers are. And then there's the fact that my hair is strawberry blonde and hers is mahogany. "The second the bouncer compares me to her ID, they're turning me away."
She shakes her head. "Skylar said that they don't make you lift your mask to get in because rule number one is that masks must stay on from the time you pull onto the property until you drive out, so all you gotta do is just show your ID and scan the QR code on the app. If you dye your hair and put in hazel contacts, they'll never be able to tell!"
"Ugh... I don't wanna dye my hair though."
"Momo, trust me when I say that changing your hair color for once in your life will be absolutely worth it. Besides, you'd look great with dark hair! And it's not like you can't just dye it back later."
"True... Ugh... Fine, I'll go if you pay for the contacts, the hair dye, and the outfit or whatever, if I need one."
"Girl. Bet! That was already the plan. You didn't have to ask!"
I giggle quietly. "Good."
"Also, Faith gave me her outfit to give to you. But if you don't wanna wear it, I can drive you to Boudoir Plus so you can shop for something else."
"Boudoir Plus?" I snap my fingers. "Wait... isn't that the same adult toy store that you and the girls stole a bunch of stuff from for the sorority heist initiation thing?"
CeCe does something between a wince and a smile. "Oh yeah... I forgot I told you about that... Yup! So I def can't go in with you if we go..." She cackles.
"Obviously... Also, whatever happened to Taylor?" I ask, referring to Taylor Lawrence, our sweet and innocent friend from the fourth floor of this resident hall—another girl who I don't see often anymore because Sigma Lambda Tau takes up all her time. "Last thing you told me was that y'all left her behind after getting caught stealing and no one heard from her since."
A suspicious smile creeps across her face. "Oh, yeah... Taylor's fine! She came back two nights later, an hour before our initiation ceremony. Apparently, she just went to her aunt's place and wasn't responding because she was upset about getting in trouble and mad that we left her to take the fall."
"See?That'show little we've seen each other this week! Took you six whole days to update me!"
"I know... I'm sorry!"
"It's all good... So why haven't I seen her all week? And why hasn't she been replying to texts?"
CeCe shrugs. "Olivia said Taylor's been either sleeping or just lying in bed after classes all week because she's going through a bout of depression. She hasn't told anyone what's got her down though."
"Ah... That explains it... Alright, back to The MasqueRave... Where and when is this thing?"
"Tonight at 8:00 p.m.," CeCe says, grabbing her phone. After unlocking it, she taps this app icon that looks like a neon purple masquerade mask. After using facial recognition to open the app, she tapsEventsand then swipes up. "And it's here." She turns the screen to me, showing me a picture of this massive, beachside mansion. From the looks of it, the property is in a secluded area on some kind of peninsula. Beneath that photo, the address reads:4307 Breakwater Drive, Destin, FL 32541.
"Destin... Isn't that pretty far from here?" I ask.
"It's two hours and thirty minutes away, which isn't terrible considering they waited until literally this morning to reveal the location."
"Oh, damn."
"Yeah... But the hotel I booked is six minutes from the mansion, which means we'll have time to change and stuff so long as we get there with an hour to spare."
I glance over at the clock. "It's just past noon, so... we've got four hours to find contacts that match Faith's eyes and dye my hair before we gotta leave. Is that enough time for the color to even set?"
"Since you're going from a light color to a dark one, we don't have to bleach your hair first, so it shouldn't take too long to dye it. There should be enough time to get that done, wash your hair, and straighten it within two hours. Worst case scenario, we can just straighten your hair at the hotel."
"Alright... CVS is, like, a five-minute walk from here, and they should have dye there... What about the contacts? What store has colored ones, Walmart?"
"CVS usually has colored ones in stock. If not, I can drive around and find you some while you work on your hair."
"Alrighty," I say, rising from my bed. "Let's skedaddle then!"
"Hold on," she says, springing up from the bed and heading over to where she left a plastic bag by the door. "You need to try on Faith's outfit first so we can figure out if I need to find you something else while I'm out."
"Good call," I say, reaching into the bag she's holding open for me. I pull out a black, lace-up corset. The moment I unfold it, lacey, fingerless, black gloves fall onto the floor. "Okay, okay..." The next thing I pull out is a black, high-waisted, pleated, lace-up miniskirt with a lace trim. "Talk about skimpy!" I hold it up to my waist. "Where's the rest of the skirt?"
CeCe cracks up. "That's all of it, Momo."
"Sheesh!" I say while taking off my shorts. After pulling up the miniskirt, I turn my butt to the mirror hanging from the door while looking over my shoulder. My jaw drops when I see my booty peeking out from beneath the hem. "Geez... My ass is hangin' out!"
"Yeah, that's kinda the point!" She laughs again. "Don't forget, no one is gonna see your face, and no one is gonna know who you are, so it doesn't matter who sees your goods. And if your ass is hanging out, so what?! Pretty much all the girls there will be naked, so guys won't be gawking too hard if you're covered up with even that little bit. This is your chance to build some confidence and be comfortable in your own skin!"
I nod, pulling the skirt down past my knees and stepping out of it. "You know what? Fuck it. You're right. Might as well take advantage of the mask and come out of my shell this one time."
"That's the spirit, Momo! And if it makes you feel any better, if you wear that skirt and corset the entire night, you'll probably be the most overdressed girl there!"
I crack up as I put my shorts back on. "If that happens, then everyonewillbe staring at me."
"Who knows, maybe you'll get inspired and shed some clothes when the molly and booze hit ya!"
"After you've talked sober me into going and into wearing this, something tells me that getting drunk me to strip isn't out of the realm of possibility anymore."
"And neither is the possibility that you'll finally break your dry spell by having your first one-night-stand..." she purrs while giving me a wink.

Chapter 2:
Nope, Lose the Panties!

Monica 'Momo' Morello | Actual Age: 18
The Identity I'm assuming: Faith Hanson, Age 18
Faith's MasqueRave Alias: Faye
Saturday, October 1st
The hotel CeCe pulls up to is a quaint, turquoise-painted, three-story building called Destin Harbor Inn, located at 3290 Scenic Highway 98. It's not thefanciestplace in the world, which makes sense considering she said it was one of the cheapest options she found. But, as its name suggests, it's right on the water and she said all the rooms have an ocean view with a balcony. Since I'm from the beachless town of Orlando, any place with an ocean view is a win in my book. Not that we'll get to enjoy it until tomorrow for a few short hours.
"Look at that," CeCe says, shifting into park. "Six-thirty on the dot!"
"With the way you were speeding, I dunnohowwe didn't get pulled over!" I say.
"You and me both," she says, opening the driver's door.
Barely a minute after walking into the front office, we check in and walk out with the keycards. Our third-floor room is on the opposite end of the building from the office, so CeCe drives down to the end of the parking lot. Thankfully, there's a spot right outside of our room.
Since I'm hauling fewer bags than her, I do the honor of unlocking the door. "Oh wow," I say as I step inside. "It's way nicer in here than I thought it'd be based on the exterior."
"That's what I said when I was looking at pictures online," CeCe says, setting her bags down on the bed closest to the door. "Alright, first thing first." She unzips her duffel bag, reaches into it, and then pulls out the bottle of coconut rum she got from her Big at the sorority. "Let's do a couple of shots to loosen up, then we can get ready!"
"Oh, yes please!" I cheer, hitting resume on the playlist I had going during the road trip here.
My last meal was at noon after we got back from CVS, so the four shots of Parrot Bay I just threw back have me buzzing by the time I finally get around to taking my outfit into the bathroom. As I set my clothes on the counter, I do a doubletake at the reflection of the girl who has my face but doesn't have my green eyes or my strawberry blonde hair.
"What the—" I start to say.
Oh yeah, I had a makeover,I think, giggling and shaking my head while leaning closer to the mirror.My hair came out really good! Almost the same color brown as Faith's! And I'm glad these expensive-ass hazel contacts from CVS actually look realistic! Thank the internet gods for YouTube product review videos, otherwise, we might've got a shitty brand...
After tinkling and washing my hands, I strip down to nothing but my panties. First, I pull my straightened brown locks into a high ponytail then slip a black hair tie over it. This skimpy, high-waisted mini-skirt gets pulled up next.
I cannot believe I'm about to wear this outside...I turn to look at my booty in the mirror while lifting my knee slightly, staring in awe at how much the skirt rises along with my leg.Oh fuck... I can't believe I'm about to go to a super-secret rave orgy with my ass all hanging out...For some reason, I smirk.Not gonna lie, though, I'm kind of excited now.
Now, I hold up my black and gold mask to my face then stare seductively at myself in the mirror, holding my gaze while attempting to perfect fuck-me eyes and pouty lips. A beat later, I start cracking up at how silly I feel.
"What are you laughing at in there?" CeCe asks from beyond the closed bathroom door.
Still holding the mask over my eyes, I open the door and step out. "Hot damn, girl!" I say when I see what CeCe's wearing. Her outfit is a black bra with faux leather straps connected to it that wrap around the top half of her torso from the ribs up. There's also a pleather collar around her neck that has a metal hook dangling from it. Down below, she's got on a black thong with more straps that are hooked to the straps around her thighs. "I mean, wowza! You look sexy as hell! I legit just had a bi moment!" I giggle.
Smirking devilishly and giggling, she holds up her black bunny mask to her face. "You're not the only one having a bi moment, Momo. I mean, fuck... you look insanely hot... The high ponytail was a good move too—makes you look like a sexy dominatrix."
I laugh, lowering my mask. "Thanks."
"I hope you're ready. You're gonna have sooo many guys chasing after you tonight!"
"Not if I'm around you all night," I quip.
"I'm not so sure... I'll be too busy skanking around. But you? You're beautiful, and you have this innocence to your eyes that lets guys know you're forbidden fruit they can't have. Just walking past them dressed kinda naughty with your goodies covered up all night will drive them wild, and they'll without a doubt gravitate towards you in hopes they'll get to unwrap that package and see what Ms.Modestis keeping secret. I guarantee it."
I snicker. "You really think so?"
She nods. "I really do."
"It would be nice to have guys drooling over me for once."
"It'll happen. And when it does, embrace it. Get into character. Flirt and tease. Mold them like putty in your hand, and then maybe have a little fun once you meet a guy you vibe with—a guy who makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. You don't have to fuck if you don't wanna, but you gottaat leastmake out with someone! And you gotta at least let a guy fingerblast you on the dancefloor. Molly makes everything feel, like, ten times better, so trust me when I say you'll regret not getting fingered while you're rolling."
"That's something I might be okay with," I say.
Why'd I just say that? Because I'm buzzing from the rum? Or is it because being dressed like a brothel worker has me getting into character?
CeCe smiles sinfully. "Atta girl! That's what I like to hear," she says during my internal monologue. "Also, speaking of which... Lift your skirt for me."
I do as instructed, exposing the only pair of slightly risqué undies that I own. "What is it?" I ask after seeing the look of disgust on her face.
"Yeah... Nope, lose the panties."
I release the hem of the miniskirt. "What? No! Why?"
"Because it'll be less of a pain in the ass for you and your potential partner if your panties aren't getting in the way when he reaches under your skirt while you're dancing."
I stare at her crotch. "Wait, but you're wearing panties!"
"Yeah, but they're crotchless!" She lifts her leg up and to the side like a cheerleader, revealing the teardrop-shaped hole in her underwear that her bald coochie and beefy curtains are bulging through. "See!"
My eyes go wide as my head snaps to the left. "Whoa! Wow! C'mon, CeCe! You didn't have to flash me! I believed you!"
She laughs maniacally. "Just getting you ready for later, girl! Now, lose the panties and put 'em in your purse! We ain't leaving until you do."
I grumble through a sigh. "Fine." I reach under my skirt and then shimmy out of my underwear. "Happy?" I say, stuffing them in my clutch purse.
"Yes! That's my sister! Now, let's touch-up our makeup, then we can head out!"
Upon turning left off the parkway onto Kelly Plantation Drive, we find a security booth with one of those drop-down pole gates they have in parking garages.
"Damn, I didn't think the security booth for the gated community would be right off the main road," CeCe mutters, veering onto the left turning lane. "Time to mask up!"
"Alrighty!" I say, handing her mask to her. "Goodbye, Monica Morello..." My words trail off as I tie the mask tightly behind my head with a double knot. "And hello,Faith Hanson!"
"Technically, your name is Faith's codename from this point forward," CeCe says, gunning it across the two opposing lanes before the cars speeding towards us close in. "Pop quiz. Do you remember your codename?"
"Faye," I answer.
"And mine?" she asks, glancing at me as she pulls up to the visitor lane where there's a guard in a black polo shirt staring at us from inside the security booth.
"Lola Bunny," I whisper as she rolls down the window.
"Just Lola, but close enough," she whispers back.
"Good evening, ladies," the serious-looking bald man says, glancing from her to me without reacting to our disguises. Well, there's not much to react to aside from our masks. To get to the car from our hotel room without people seeing our skanky attire, CeCe and I pulled our loosest-fitting sundresses overtop our outfits.
"Hi!" we singsong in harmony the way we've done for years whenever we're addressed at the same time.
"Lovely masks," the guard says.
"Thanks!" we harmonize again.
"Password please," he says seriously.
"Rosewater," CeCe responds dramatically.
The guard looks down and presses a button, and then the gate begins rising slowly. "Enjoy your evening."
Dense woods border the two-lane road that we're cruising down. Every so often though, I catch a glimpse at mansions through gapes between the tree trunks and greenery.
"Ahead, turn right," her phone says from the window mount.
"Zero-point-three miles to go!" she cheers, turning onto Breakwater Drive. Now she starts drumming on her steering wheel to the song that just started. "You excited? I'm so fucking excited! More excited than I've ever been for anything in my entire life!"
I hold up a hand a few inches from the side of her head. "I'm so nervous, I'm shaking! But I am excited now."
"Don't worry,Faye,the nervousness will pass, then all you'll have is the thrill of the evening keeping your pulse going."
"How many guys do you think you'll hookup with tonight,Lola?"
"Considering I'm on birth control and all the guys will be STD-free hunks?" CeCe says, turning to me with a fiendish smile. "As many as I can handle."
My eyes go wide. "Fuck...Seriously?"
"Seriously.Creampies all night!" She giggles.
I snicker while wincing. "Wait, you're gonna let a bunch of randosbarebackyou and finish in you?"
"Without a doubt!"
"You're joking..."
"I'm not. You know I have a breeding kink. Besides, when else am I gonna get a chance to get creamed by multiple guys in a place where they're all verified clean?Literally nowhere."
I slowly shake my head. "Wow... Just... wow."
"What, did you think I was gonna come to a masked rave orgy and not get dicked-down the way nature intended?" She snickers. "Psssh. Please!"
"So, was this always your plan and you neglected to tell me in order to keep me from changing my mind, or did you just decide this after the fifth shot of rum?"
"This was always the plan, Momo! And yeah, I didn't say anything to keep you from getting scared off," she says, flashing me a wicked smile.
"Real nice... So... what the heck am I supposed to do all night while you're letting a bunch of guys run through you?"
"Well, you can either watchoryou can seize the night and find yourself a handsome gentleman to keep your company and take care of you the way your sexually repressed-ass needs."
To that, I simply stare ahead all wide-eyed as my heart throttles in my chest.She's not wrong... I am sexually repressed... Guess I'm not gonna have a choice but to find me a companion for the night... I at least gotta let a guy finger me...My vagina clenches from the thought.
On the ride over from Tallahassee, I Googled the address for tonight's MasqueRave venue to see if Zillow had any info on the mansion, and, to my surprise, it did. The modern manor sits on almost 6 acres of land in a secluded corner of the Piney Point cape that juts out from the north of Destin's main strip. As far as rooms go, tonight's underground party site has freaking 14 bedrooms and 21 bathrooms. That sounds big, but now that we're pulling up to the spike-tipped driveway gate, I realize that I severely underestimated just how massive this house would be.
"Good evening, ladies," the musclebound man with a military haircut says as soon as CeCe's window is all the way down. "IDs and QR codes please."
Trembling, I pull Faith Hanson's license out of my clutch and then double-check it to make sure it's her ID before passing it to CeCe. An unnecessary precaution since I left my license in my travel bag and triple-checked to make sure I had the right one before we left. Now I unlock my phone and then tap the neon masquerade mask icon. I'm already logged in with Faith's credentials, so all I have to do is punch in the pin that we changed to my birth year and then I tap on the ticket icon to bring up the QR code.
"Here you go!" I say, leaning over CeCe and extending my phone to the guard.
He scans it, nods after checking his screen, and then looks from the license in his hand to me. His gaze returns to the ID once more before he finally hands the IDs back to CeCe. "Lola and Faye?" He pokes the big black button beside the driveway gate and then the steel barrier parts down the middle as it opens inward. "Enjoy thefestivities," he says flatly with a bit of a knowing smirk.
"Thanks! We will!" CeCe says as the car begins rolling. The man a few feet ahead directs us to the right where there are a bunch of cars lined up on the sprawling lawn that's shrouded from the road by a wall of trees. "EEEEEK!" she squeals, palming my shoulder and shaking me. "We're in! We're here!" She looks over at me while I'm all deer in headlights. "Come on! Get hype! Turn that nervousness into excitement!"
"Wooo!" I say flatly, watching a pair of half-naked girls and shirtless guys in shorts that match their masks walking away from two separate vehicles.
"Momo..."
"I'll be good once I get a few more drinks. I promise!"
"You better be! If you don't relax and have fun, it's gonna be a long-ass uncomfortable night for you because I'm gonna be getting dicked-down until they kick us out..."
As soon as we climb out of her KIA Forte, we pull our sundresses off and toss them onto our seats.
"Ready?" CeCe asks, pulling her clutch over her shoulder.
I nod while fixing my skirt. "Ready as I'm ever gonna be!"
She takes my hand and then pulls me along.
A few feet away from the line of six people, my gaze snaps right down to the booty of the girl standing in the back. I thought my skirt was skimpy, but the hem of her turquoise dress rests against the top of her cheeks instead of hanging near the bottom where mine stops. And because she's skinny with a wide thigh gap, I can see her bald pussy on full display in all its feminine glory.
"Welcome to MasqueRave," CeCe whispers as she leans into me. "Bend over at any point tonight or walk up a flight of stairs, and you'll be putting on a show just like that."
"As long as I'm not the only one and no one knows who I am, I'll survive."
She squeezes my hand and then kisses my cheek. "That's my girl!"
Standing outside the door behind a transparent podium is a tall, slender blonde with a mask that's glowing neon violet. Now that she's done checking IDs and scanning phones, it sounds like she's giving the people ahead a rundown of the rules. That's probably why the line isn't moving along as fast as it should be.
While we wait for the pair before us to get processed through, I glance over my shoulder at the growing line behind us. From the looks of it, there are about twenty half-naked guys and girls lined up two-by-two now. Almost immediately, my gaze snaps from the topless girl who's two couples back to the crotch of a guy behind her, and I can't help but stare at this dude's silly boxer briefs with an elephant's big face on them. It's not until he turns sideways to talk to his buddy that I realize that the trunk of the elephant is actually a sleeve that's sticking out from the underpants—a sleeve stuffed with his massive cock that's currently swinging side-to-side.
Unable to look away from the massive 'trunk,' I slap my lace-gloved hand over my mouth to conceal my nervous grin, snickering quietly.Your innocence is showing, Monica.
When I finally tear my eyes away, I look up and realize Mr. Elephant-Crotch is smiling at me. The tall, clean-shaven man in a gray masquerade mask looks down at his crotch, looks back at me, cocks a thumb, and then tilts his head to the side.
My hand falls from my mouth and I grin, giving him a thumbs-up and a nod. When he pumps his fist, I shake my head while turning back around. Partway through my turn, I stop abruptly when I catch this bearded guy in a Zorro-style mask smiling at me during his walk from where the cars are parked, his jaw-length, sandy-brown locks bouncing and swaying with each step. Unlike most of the guys in line so far, he's not shirtless, nor does he have on revealing bottoms that showcase hispackage. Mr. Zorro-Mask has on a form-fitting black tank top that hugs his toned body and black chino shorts with matching Vans. Even with the mask on—even from twenty feet away—there's something captivating about his handsome face. There's something kind and familiar about those green eyes of his. And, for the life of me, I can't stop smiling and staring at him.
As Mr. Zorro-Mask and his buddy—the guy in a cowboy hat and a lone ranger mask—near the end of the line, his smile grows into a grin then he waves at me.
"Faye," CeCe says from my left.
Smiling shyly, I wave back at Mr. Zorro-Mask.
"Faye!" CeCe says a bit louder, swatting my arm with the back of her hand.
"Ow! What?" I say, turning to her. "We're up,Faye."
"Oh, sorry!" I blurt out, hurrying up to the podium while pulling out Faith's license and my phone from my clutch.
"No worries," the smiling woman with a violet neon mask says while scanning the QR code on CeCe's phone. "There'sa lotto see here!" Giggling, she picks up a black silicone band and scans it.
"Did you see something you like?" CeCe asks as I extend my phone to the hostess.
"I think I might've," I say, wince-smiling.
"Yasssss,girl! You better find him as soon as he gets inside. Don't wanna lose him to some other skank!"
"I'm not that desperate," I mutter as the neon mask lady scans another band.
"Alright, Faye and Lola, IDs please," neon mask lady says.
We hand them to her.
Just like with the guy at the gate, when the hostess checks my ID, she does a doubletake before handing it back to me. "Alrighty, you're both good to go!"
"Yay!" CeCe squeals, slipping her phone and license into her clutch while I do the same.
"Here's your smart band, Faye," she says to me, holding out a silicone strap that looks like a watchband without a watch. It reminds me of the MagicBands they give to guests at Disney. "And here's yours, Lola. Those will get you through the door and unlock your assigned locker, which has a corresponding number to what's on your band. They'll also open and lock certain unoccupiedguestrooms, and you can swipe them at the kiosk for any additionalservices."
"Okie-dokie!" CeCe says, strapping mine around my wrist.
When she's done, I put hers on for her.
"And here are yourparty favors," the woman says, handing us each a baggie with one capsule in it. "If at any point you want a second molly, go to any bar and ask. For your safety, you'll only be given one after you are evaluated and deemed coherent enough to have another. Please enjoy these responsibly, and do not give your molly away to another guest. Understood?"
"Understood," we say in harmony.
"Good!" the hostess chirps. "Now, I'm sure you all read up on the MasqueRave guidelines but, just a reminder, here are a few big rules to keep in mind during your admission. First, anonymity is everything here, soneverremove your mask or someone else's. Even if you're in a private room with someone, you never know who's a member of The MasqueRave Society, so don't risk getting kicked out and banned by removing your mask. Second, you will only use your codenames while you are on this property. Finally, there are no phones allowed beyond the foyer, so put them and your purses in your locker as soon as you enter. Someone inside will check for phones before you move beyond the foyer. Is that understood?"
"Understood!" we harmonize again.
"Excellent! Now, if you could just sign these NDAs that say you won't speak of anything you see, hear, or do while inside. After that, you're good to go!" She hands us each an iPad.
Without even reading the damn thing, we scroll to the bottom, hitACCEPT, and then sign our names. Well, I sign Faith's name.
"Thank you, ladies!" neon mask lady says, taking the tablets from us. Now she gestures to the door. "Welcome to The MasqueRave! Let yourself go, and enjoy!"
CeCe swipes her smart band first then, a beat later, the sensor flashes green and the right door swings inward. As soon as the sensor turns red, I swipe my band and then follow her inside the purple, neon-lit interior toward the wall of lockers on our left.
Since neither of us are taking our clutches with us, I get the bright idea to tuck the molly pills into my lace glove. With our belongings stored away and nowhere on our scantily dressed bodies to hide a phone, the muscle-bound bouncer in the red neon mask quickly looks us over before gesturing for us to pass through the doorway opposite the entrance.
Walking towards where the music is loudest, we wander a few feet and enter a large room bathed in blue and purple neon lights that has a bar, stripper poles, and couches situated against the walls. On the furthest couch by the window, there's a naked girl with huge tits bouncing on the lap of this tall guy who's holding her waist and bucking up into her. Even from here, I can see his glistening cock gliding in and out of her pussy. Even with the music bumping from the speakers above us, I can hear their moans and the rapid clapping of their flesh.
"Ho-lee-fuck," I mutter, my unblinking eyes glued to the live pornography ahead.
"To think, this is tame compared to what it'll be like later."
"Sheesh... Like... the doorsjustopened... They're not wasting any time!"
CeCe drapes her arm around my shoulders. "All we have is eight hours. There's no time to waste!" she says, dragging me towards the bar. "Now, let's hurry up and get a drink! I wanna explore the mansion before it gets too packed to walk around!"
"Alright, alright!" I groan, struggling to keep up with her.
"When do you wanna take the molly,Faye? Now, or do you wanna wait an hour for things to pick up?"
"Uh... in an hour, I guess?" I say, leaning against the bar beside her.
I'm at a rave-themed masquerade orgy and I'm about to do molly for the first time... What the fuck did I get myself into? And how am I gonna keep myself from getting out of control when I'm gonna do MDMA while tipsy?
Something tells me that this is not going to end well at all...

Chapter 3:
The Brunette in Black & Gold Mask

Masquerave Alias: Carmelo| 23
Saturday, October 1st
Ever since Andy and I got on this long-ass line, the only thing on my mind has been the brunette in the black and gold mask who I locked eyes with on the walk over.
There she was, standing near the front of the line in a skimpy miniskirt and a black corset that accentuated her narrow waist and slim physique, her lace-gloved hand pressed against her mouth to conceal the fact that she was all giggly over the clown in the elephant underwear. Even from about twenty feet away, I could see that she didn't have those slutty, fuck-me-eyes that all the other girls who come here seem to have. Nope, there was an innocence and nervousness in her eyes, like being around half-naked people made her uncomfortable—like she's never seen a penis before and someone pressured her to be here. Then, Elephant-Crotch gave her a thumbs-up, and she uncovered her mouth before returning the gesture. And damn, she had the cutest, sweetest smile. Even with that black and gold mask on, there was no doubt in my mind that she was beautiful. Not that every chick here isn't hot as hell. It's an admission requirement after all, but still.
That's when she started turning around only to freeze the moment that she caught me staring. Her hazel eyes gave me a quick once over before her gaze met mine again, and then her smile widened only for her to quickly press her lips together into a shy, modest smirk. She, like me, couldn't look away. The longer we held each other's gaze, the more her shy stare narrowed into a look of intrigue and, dare I say, attraction? The intrigue and attraction I felt at that moment was certain and instant. Electric. Legit, my cheeks got warm, and I never blush. Her beauty and obvious innocence aside, something about her just called out to me immediately, like I'd just seen a lover from a past life who I didn't know I was searching for until then. Silly, I know, but there was this undeniable familiarity to her that had me feeling like we maybe crossed paths drunk at a party once. I couldn't help but feel there was a connection the second we locked eyes, like she maybe felt the same way.
Despite grinning like a teenage boy who never had a girl show him interest, I gave her a casual wave. And she waved back shyly, looking even more flustered than she did when she got caught staring at that one dude'selephant trunk.
Then her friend swatted her arm, prompting Ms. Innocent to twirl around so fast that her high ponytail fluttered up along with the black miniskirt that was just barely covering her ass. Andholy fucknuggets! Not only was her shapely bootywayperkier and juicer than it should be for someone as skinny as her, but she wasn't wearing any panties, so I caught the quickest glimpse of her bald pussy between that perfectly wide thigh gap.Fuck...The sight took me from flaccid to halfway erect in an instant, which is wild because there were girls wearing far less who were showing their goods further up the line and my cock didn't even twitch.
Ever since then, I've been pleasantly anxious—I've been counting the seconds until I get into the MasqueRave Mansion so I can find that girl, sweep her off her feet, and then fill her with my meat over and over until she cums harder than she ever has in her life. I want to dick her down until she orgasms too hard to stand after, and only then will I unleash my load into her.
Thankfully, there are two hostesses checking people in outside the front door now, so the line has been moving along much quicker than when I first got here. Even though we're only one group away from being next, this line still isn't moving fast enough. Every second that ticks by is another moment some other guy might be chatting up the object of my desires, working to defile her before I can be the first to sully her and pump her full of my seed.
"Fuckin' finally," Andy—my tall, jacked buddy who's wearing a Lone Ranger mask, a cowboy hat, a black sleeveless denim vest, and a pair of matching boxers with a Texas longhorn on it—says as the pair ahead of us starts toward the door.
"Good evening," I say coolly, holding out my phone.
The stunning blonde behind the podium with the violet neon mask scans my QR code. "Ah,Carmelo!" she says excitedly while looking at her tablet, calling me by the MasqueRave alias that's a not-so-creative combination of my first and last name. "Wow, I see here you've been attending since the very first MasqueRave! Good to see we have our first veteran guest of the evening!" She hands me a silver-plated smart band and a baggy with one molly pill.
"Always good to be back, beautiful," I say with a smug smirk, handing her my license. I'm smiling because I didn't just attend the first MasqueRave event, I was at the very first masquerade rave-themed sex party ever thrown at FSU.
Grinning, she waves me off. "I don't need your ID. I remember you from last year, hon."
"Copy that," I say coolly, slipping it into my back pocket and fastening the button to keep it from falling out whenever my pants come off. "And I remember you too." I give her a wink.
She scans Andy's phone. "Oh! Another returning veteran! Welcome back, Ranger!" She scans another silver-plated smart band.
Andy nods, tipping his hat to her as she hands him the smart band. "Thank you, ma'am," he says with a country twang. It's not an act. Andy 'Ranger' Shelton here is from Texas, a true cowboy who legit grew up on a cattle ranch. I was born and raised in Orlando, but I met him at FSU my freshman year during the first day of rush on the lawn outside of Epsilon Pi Kappa—or as everyone on campus calls our fraternity, EPIK House.
Neon mask hottie giggles. "Alrighty, studs, per usual, your platinum accounts allow you access to all restricted areas and unlimited escort services all night long. This year, we've got a little kiosk set up with a catalog of tonight's selection if you want to reserve a companion for later on in the night to avoid sloppy seconds," she says with a naughty smile.
"Sweet Baby Rays!" Andy says, bumping my elbow. "I like the sound of that!"
Smirking and snickering, I shake my head at him.
"I recommend heading straight to the kiosk before the other VIP members book up all the favorites like they did last year for the private orgy," neon mask girl says.
"You didn't have to tell me, darlin'!" Andy says, giving her a wink after.
She giggles again. "Welp, since you both e-signed your NDAs, you're clear to enter! Enjoy your night!"
"Oh, we will!" I say, moving briskly toward the door.
"Hot damn, I've never seen you move so fast, Carmelo!" Andy says from behind me. "Has it been that long since you've gotten some tang, brother?"
I swipe my band past the sensor and, the moment the automatic door slowly opens inward, bassy music fills the air. "Bro, c'mon," I say, rushing through the door the instant it's wide enough for me to fit through. "I've been smashing pretty regularly, though I have been abstaining this last week to save up for tonight."
"Ah, so you either have to piss or you spotted a hottie at the front of the line who you wanna nut in before someone else creams the pie..." he says, smirking at me as I halt in front of the locker matching the number on my smart band.
"Ding-ding!" I say, unlocking the small door with a pass of my wrist.
"What'd she look like?"
I shove my keys and phone into the locker, shutting the door at the same time he shuts his. "Petite. Dark brown hair styled in a high ponytail. Red lipstick. Young—I'm guessing 18. And she had on a black corset, a black skirt, and a black mask with gold accents. Oh, and...dibs."
"Big tits and a fat ass?" he asks as we pass the bouncer who's standing guard by the velvet rope.
"Little tits with a nice perky ass."
Andy cocks a brow. "Sounds average if you ask me. Was her face that pretty or something? You know, from what you saw of what the mask wasn't coverin' up?"
"Verypretty. And she had this real sweet, innocent look about her," I say, speaking a bit louder now that we're nearing the speakers. Partially shouting like this is essentially how we'll have to talk all night since there are speakers throughout this house. That is, unless we're on one of the dance floors. Once we're there, we'll have to yell.
Andy chuckles, slapping my back hard. "Ah, I see what's going on.Carmelowants to be the first of the night to corrupt the only sweetheart amongst the skanks, just like you used to do with all the innocent freshman girls at FSU."
I smirk. "After I get toknowher a bit, damn straight."
"You here to fall in love or fuck a different girl every other hour without havin' to put in effort?"
"Pssh! The latter, obviously. I just need to bag this one first," I say as we come to a stop at the base of the grand staircase.
"You always did love a challenge, bro. But me? I prefer to get my meat wet and drain my balls dry with as little effort as possible. That means avoiding innocent girls who'll take hours or days to get inside of."
"I don't know how innocent she really is. That little spinner wasn't wearing any underwear. Got arealgood look at her pussy."
"Oh... Clean shaven? Beefy curtains?"
"Completely hairless. And her clam was clenched tighter than a mouth sewed shut. Not too lippy from what I could tell."
"Gotta love, MasqueRave!" he says, starting up the stairs.
"Indeed!" I say, turning towards the left hall where the main bar is set up.
"Woah, where you goin'?" Andy shouts from three steps up the grand staircase, looking at me like I'm about to jump off a cliff.
"I'm a man on a mission, remember?"
"Dude, as bad as I wanna go on the prowl for pussy to conquer, Jace is expecting us, remember?"
"Yeah, but—"
"Nuh-uh!" he interrupts. "No buts! It'sJace. The billionaire who made all of this possible," he says while turning in a circle with his arms up high. "Our frat brother—yourformer Big brotherwho lets us walk up in here for free every year so we can clap the cheeks of the finest, cleanest escorts he can source on his dime. It'd be plain disrespectful to not go up and have a drink with him right now, especially when he just texted us five minutes ago saying to come right up... Besides, I'm sure he's got girls in there who'll suck us off while we chat, just like the last few years."
Sighing, I look down the hallway at the blue neon-accented bar glowing ahead where there are a bunch of girls gathered, scanning their neon-outlined silhouettes to see if I can spot theapple of my eye.
"Dude," Andy says. "It's early fuck. If she's as innocent as you think, it's probably gon' take her a bit to loosen up. Besides, it'll be better to catch her when the molly starts kickin' in." He nods toward the top of the stairs. "C'mon. Stay for ten minutes then go find your nubile princess."
Grumbling and scratching my low-cut beard, I follow him. "Alright. But if someone taps that before I do, friendship over."
He chuckles. "Damn. It's like that?"
"It's like that."
"Geez... You know what? I'll tell Jace to send a bouncer to find her and run interference until you get down there, okay?"
I snap my fingers. "Now that's smart thinkin'! Who knew you had any brain cells left after all them years of drinkin', Ranger?"
Smirking, Andy punches me right in the arm. "Keep it up, comedian... One more wise crack like that and I'll tie you to a chair in the middle of the downstairs lounge and make the hottest escort with the best dick-sucking rating blow you over and over until you've got nothing left to deposit in that innocent-eyed girly you're so obsessed over."
Snickering, I raise my hands in surrender. "Ranger, that is both extremely cruel and one of the most awesome things anyone has ever threatened me with!"
He tips his cowboy hat to me. "That's what I like to callbrotherly love."
From the top of the stairs, it's a straight shot down the main hall to the master bedroom. All along the walls on the way there are photos of events from EPIK frat dated back to 2014-2018, rare works of art, signed sports posters, and pictures of nude women—photographs and paintings.
Since our platinum access is the same clearance level as Jace's, the door to his master bedroom unlocks with a pass of Andy's wrist. This level of access is reserved for OG brothers of EPIK frat. All other VIPs have gold bands that unlock other restricted areas such as theDen of Whoreswhere there are chicks strapped to bondage benches to be used however you want. And then there's the Free Use Room—the room where female guests surrender consent to anyone and everyone in there with them.
"Gentleman!" Jace cheers before the door opens all the way.
As expected, Jace is sitting in his Star Wars armchair—a replica of Emperor Palpatine's throne—that's situated in the middle of the room facing the massive window, a glass of scotch in hand. Not only is he naked from the waist down, but his legs are spread wide and there's a skinny blonde kneeling before him, noisily sucking and slurping his boner. The escort has him so deep in her throat right now that her nose is mashed against his pubic bone and her tongue is sticking out almost to the middle of his ball sac. Sitting across from Jace in the loveseats that are facing his direction are two gorgeous naked women who are masturbating away. The brunette on the left is fingering herself vigorously, moaning quietly while writhing in pleasure. The busty redhead in the other seat is toying herself with a glass dildo, screaming like a porn star with her eyes clamped shut.
"Epsilon!" Jace shouts like an army drill sergeant.
"Pi!" I holler.
"Kappa!" Andy shouts next.
"EPIK! EPIK! EPIK!" we all chant like a Spartan war cry.
"Oooh!" Jace groans, cupping the blonde's jaw and gently coaxing her head up. "Ooof... Stop.Stop. Hold on just a second, love. Not ready to nut just yet."
"GWAAH!" she gasps when his slobbery dick leaves her mouth, slurping and panting heavily afterward.
Jace rises and strolls over to us, his spit-dripping erection wagging up and down and side-to-side with each step. "Cart—" He stops abruptly, snaps his fingers, then points at me. "Car-melo, right? Or are you using a different alias this year, Little Bro?"
"You know I ain't changing my MasqueRave alias, Big brotha Jace!" I say as our hands clasp for a handshake.
He pulls me in for a hug, and I barely manage to thrust my hips back before his boner pokes my crotch. "Good to see ya, brother!"
I pat his back as hard as he's patting mine. "Likewise, bro!"
He releases me and then greets our fellow EPIK brother the same way, and Andy barely bows his back in time to avoid being prodded by Jace's boner. "And my favorite Texan! How you been, Ranger?"
"I've been alright," Andy replies, dragging out the last word in a strong drawl. "Workin' my life away unlike some fortunate folk. But I'm better now that I'm back here for our annualreunion!"
Jace chuckles. "Had you boyslistenedto your wise, visionary, futurist of an older brother and invested in crypto when I told you to, none of you would have to work a day in your lives, and you'd all have a mansion just like this where you'd be throwing orgy masquerades once a month."
He's not wrong. Jason 'Jace' Chapman might've been a party boy like the rest of us back when he was at FSU, but he was better with his money. He saved funds by doing things like illegally downloading PDFs of college textbooks. And instead of blowing the cash he stacked on booze like the rest of us, he invested thousands of dollars throughout his college career on dozens of cryptocurrency projects. In 2017—my freshman year at FSU—he spent most of that fall semester telling us to jump in. None of us listened. And when the bull market peaked from December into January, he made anabsolutekilling. I'm talking tens of millions. Because he was a finance major with a knack for pattern recognition who studied charts in his classes, he saw the bubble pop coming and sold near the top before it crashed. During the bear market months that followed, he reinvested damn near 50% of his profits back into crypto then spent the rest on this very mansion. Then he rented this place out Airbnb-style whenever the brothers of EPIK House weren't here partying in the summer and spring. Flashforward to the end of 2020/early 2021, the market went apeshit again, making him over half a billion dollars.
The crypto and finance hedge fund startup he founded last year is what took him into the billionaire category.
"Not listening to you was the biggest mistake of our lives," Andy says, shaking his head.
"And now we're droning on like peasants instead of living a kingly life like you," I add.
"Listen," Jace says, pouring us some scotch. "Tomorrow morning, remind me to send y'all an email with all my crypto picks for next cycle. It might take a few years, but if you follow my trading strategies, I'll get you both the freedom from the workforce that you deserve. Until then..." He hands us each a drink then turns and strolls toward his throne, flashing us with his pale ass. "Have a seat and let these ladies I picked out for you suck you into oblivion until you're ready to venture down to the party and live like kings for the night. You know, until the next time we all get together."
"Cheers to that!" I say, holding my glass up to him as he flops back down onto his seat.
The second he spreads his legs, the blonde swallows his cock. "Argh-mmm," he groans in pleasure, palming the back of her head and thrusting up into her face to drive his wang into her throat.
The Texan goof does some stiff, old-man, cha-cha dance over to the redhead while I casually stroll on over to the brunette. After setting my glass down, I turn my ass to the chair, unbutton my shorts, and then tug them down as I ease down toward the loveseat. At the same time my ass meets the cushion, Andy flops onto his seat with his boxers around his ankles.
A low growl rumbles in my throat as the brunette sensually sucks and licks the head of my cock while tickling my nuts. It only takes five seconds for all 8.5 inches of me to swell to max erection.Alright, five minutes of this, then I'm heading downstairs to find Ms. Innocent.
My escort bobs her way down to the middle of my shaft, and then she opens wide and surprises me by abruptly swallowing my entire length. "GLURP!" is the sound she makes when my cockhead slides deep into her throat. Two seconds later, she lifts her head a bit while slurping, then swallows me all the way again. "GLURK! GAWK! GLECK!"
"Oh fuck," I groan when her throat clenches around my tip.
Alright, maybe ten minutes, if I can last that long. Then I'll head down.
"Carmelo," Jace says in a strained voice as his escort works to suck the soul out of him. "What's new? Got a girl? Still working at the same place?" His words are barely audible over all the slurping and wet mouth noises filling the room.
"Yup..." I reply in an equally strained voice, thinking of abused puppies trembling in cages to keep from blowing my load. "Same job...Ughhh... And nah. Just broke up with my ex two months ago."
For most guys, it'd be weird as fuck having your bros casually walking in front of you with their boners bouncing around. It'd also be uncomfortable as all hell dropping your trousers in front of them and then striking up small talk while orally-talented women pleasure you all in front of each other. But after what the members of the Epsilon Pi Kappa fraternity went through for hazing, this is just a normal day for us.
For one of our last hazing challenges, I was brought into a room in Rho Epsilon Delta sorority's house by my Big Brother only to instead find girls from Sig-Lam-Tau sorority smirking at me from where they were seated along the left wall. And standing along the right wall were a bunch of prophyte brothers from my frat. In the room's center was a lone chair that was a foot away from a stack of pillows with a Hitachi vibrator resting on top of it.
"Pull down your pants, sit on that chair, and get hard, pledge!"my Big brother ordered. While I sat there awkwardly tugging my flaccid meat with a room full of people watching me, Jace explained the rules for the challenge."Whenever that vibrator turns on, you must start beating off, and you can't stop until it turns off. Your goal for this challenge is to either not bust a nut or last as long as possible. Understood?"
I nodded, and then he walked across the room and stood alongside the rest of the prophytes.
That's when one of the SLUT sisters walked over and placed a thin cloth over the vibrator. Shortly after she returned to her seat, the door to the room opened and then a petite, blindfolded Sig-Lam-Tau pledge dressed in nothing more than pink lingerie and sneakers was brought into the room by two more Sig-Lam-Tau girls. That blindfolded blonde whose hands were zip-tied behind her back was forced to straddle the stack of pillows with the vibrator under her pussy, and the revelation of what was about to happen made me rock-hard in an instant. After explaining to the SLUT pledge named Nancy that the vibrator would be turned on for longer and longer durations after each time she lied or refused to answer their questions, the interrogation began. And because Nancy didn't answer the first question, the vibrator turned on and I started jerking it. At a certain point, the Sig-Lam-Tauinterrogatorsjust left the vibrator on without cutting it off, which meant I couldn't stop jacking off at all.
At the time, I had no idea why the Sigmas were interrogating their own pledges about stuff they already knew. It wasn't until later that I found out that those blindfolded SLUT pledges thought they were being held captive and interrogated by their rival sorority. They thought that because they were captured by the Rho Epsilon Delta girls following their lingerie paintball game against them only to then be secretly handed off to their very own sorority sisters minutes later. And while pretending to be hoes from Rho, the Sig-Lam-Tau Bigs decided to test their pledges loyalty by seeing if they could get them to spill sorority secrets in exchange for them stopping the torture by vibrator and sparing them from the humiliation of being nutted on by the masturbating dudes sitting right in front of them.
The female pledge's challenge was a test of loyalty, but our challenge was a test of endurance, confidence, and self-control.
Unfortunately, my self-control was lacking that day. Because, despite lasting a long time, listening to Nancy moan while watching her tremble as she came over and over was too damn hot to handle for an extended period of time. And, as a result, I glazed poor Nancy's face and shot some splooge into her open mouth.
Things got even crazier during our final initiation challenge. During a ceremony known as the EPIK Spiral, pledges of our house were black-bagged and zip-cuffed before being taken to an anonymous sorority house, which was probably Sig-Lam-Tau's considering the previous challenge and the fact that they were oursistersorority. Once there, we were stripped, zip-tied to chairs, then they removed the sacks from over our heads. That's when they put noise-canceling earmuffs over our ears. As the masked girls in black hoodies walked away, I realized why it was called the EPIK Spiral. All of us pledges were bound to chairs that were arranged in a spiral formation in the middle of a large, dark room. A minute later, more girls in black masks with big hoods draped over their heads filed into the room and startedmilkingus into little cups. Some girls blew us, others jerked us off. I was fortunate to get blown. The lucky bastard next to me got fucked by a tiny little thing. From the way those girls were going at it and running away immediately after collecting our jizz, I think it was a semen-collecting race. None of us know for sure what happened to our loads afterward since our backs were to where they scurried off to, but we imagine they pooled all the semen and drank it after. Because SLUT girls always swallow.
Lastly, there was the first MasqueRave ever that went down in October of my junior year. Much like tonight's shindig, Robby—our president at the time—and that year's vice president, Jace, decided we should have a masked orgy party, but with neon lights and club music. So, our frat rallied the rival boys from Delta Kappa Epsilon, the slutty girls of Sig-Lam-Tau, and the promiscuous hoes from Rho to come to a house at the edge of Tallahassee that me and my bros pitched in to rent. Since EPIK House and the Sluts of Sig-Lam-Tau made everyone get tested regularly to keep everyone safe during those sexual hazing challenges, we made it a rule that no one could come to the orgy unless they had medical papers proving they were clean. And only after they submitted proof did we text them the time and location.
That was the night The MasqueRave was born, and that was the night when all four houses involved in that orgy party became known as theBacchanalian Houses. Ever since then, a good bit of the EPIK and Sig-Lam-Tau alums from that first masked orgy extravaganza have been attending every year like me, hence the reason I spend all year growing out my hair and the months leading up to the event growing out my beard only to cut it all off upon returning home. Also, word of The MasqueRave has trickled down to current students over the years, so it's nice to change my whole look. Ya never know who comes to these things, and since I have college-aged relatives all over Florida, making myself look completely different is essential. Just in case Jace's guest admission algorithm fails to flag and prohibit the family of attendees from also being allowed on the list.
Anyway, I digress... Basically, any brother of EPIK House has seen a brother or two get pleasured during pledging or one of our many Bacchanalia orgies. And as an older brother, we've all had to get comfortable seeing another dudes' wangs since we had to watch our pledges beat off during that 'don't cum' challenge. That's the reason we're all so causal about what's happening right now.
"Argh," I groan from the pleasure building down below. Even though I've asked this gorgeous Dyson vacuum to slow down so I could keep from firing off, I fucked around just now and pictured the girl in the black and gold mask smiling at me. I replayed her spinning around quick enough to provide me with a glimpse of her tight ass and pussy. I'm imagining it's her blowing me right now. Big mistake. "Okay!" I blurt out, cupping the sides of this brunette's face and urgently lifting her head from my crotch. "That's enough, sweetheart. No offense, but I'm saving this load for later."
The brunette slurps. "No worries! I totally get it!"
"Almost lost it already, Carmelo?" Jace says, grinning at me.
"Yup," I say, rising from my seat and pulling up my shorts. "I hate to dip out so soon after just getting here, but I saw a gorgeous girl outside that I absolutely have to find before—"
"Before someone breeds her first?" Jace finishes. "No worries, brotha! I know the thrill of the hunt. Go get her!"
"Oh, I will," I say, hurrying over to the door. "You coming down to work the floor with us peasants later, Jace?"
"Fuck yeah I am!" he says with a nod.
"Godspeed, bro!" Andy says.
"See y'all after mission complete!" I say, pulling the door shut behind me.
Please don't be too late,I think, breaking into a sprint down the hallway.

Chapter 4:
Ms. Innocent, Unsullied

Masquerave Alias: Carmelo| 23
Saturday, October 1st
On the way down the grand staircase, my eyes widen upon seeing the sheer number of half-naked dudes and topless ladies buzzing around the foyer.Damn... this place is packed already,I think, pausing in the middle of the staircase to scan the crowd.How long was I up in Jace's room?
It shouldn't be too hard to find Ms. Innocent since, out of all the girls that I can see from here and all the ones who were in line ahead of me earlier, her outfit covered the most skin. Also, most girls have their hair in pigtails or just hanging down over their shoulders, no high ponytails. Unfortunately, she's nowhere to be seen, so I continue down the steps and then start weaving through the crowd, keeping my head on a swivel like a goddamn spec-ops soldier searching for threats in hostile territory. And after doing a full lap around the backside of the grand staircase to near the foyer's velvet rope and back to where I started, I move on.
Jace's primary home and part-time MasqueRave orgy mansion has four bars—one in the left wing's lounge area right outside the dining room, one just past the entrance to the great room where the dancefloor is, another in the guest wing near the spa and theater room, and then there's the cabana bar outside by the pool and the backyard dancefloor. Because I'm closer to the right wing, I start there, grabbing a drink and then taking a quick peek in the spa where one girl is giving another chick an erotic massage. After ten sweet seconds of watching the masseuse fingerblast the tiny redhead, I head out to the backyard. Outside is even more lively than the right wing and the lounge in the foyer, but my girl isn't out here either.
Goddamn...,I think as I slip through the backdoor into the left wing.Where is this chick?
Since I've mindlessly panic-drank my beer, I stop by the nearest bar to grab another brewski then work the room, reluctantly turning down the girls who come up to me even though they are sexy as all fuck.
Stay on mission... Stay on mission,I remind myself, peeling my gaze away from the tits of the drunk, molly-high girl who just started grinding her bare pussy against my thigh.
"Sorry, but I'm looking for someone," I shout as I back away.
Pouting, she continues writhing her hips and shaking her ass, then she twirls around and shimmies over to another guy who she instantly starts making out with.
Damn, I just turned down a smokeshow who was my type and who probably would've let me hit it right there and then... I swear to the Greek gods, if I don't score with the brunette in the black and gold mask after running around here like a maniac, I'm gonna drown myself in Jace's pool.
Slinking through the hall of the left wing, I scan the faces of the four girls leaning against the wall who are getting barebacked from behind, hoping that who I'm searching for isn't one of them. Thankfully, none of those brunettes are wearing black and gold masks.
If she's not in the living room or the great room, that means she's either in the bathroom or someone has her in a private room already,I think, stepping back into the foyer and making a sharp left toward the hallway behind the grand staircase that leads to the indoor club.
I've been saving the great room for last because it normally doesn't get busy on the dancefloor until around 9:30 when the molly starts kicking in for everyone. Until that time, most people linger in the other parts of the mansion until whichever famous DJ is working the party officially kicks off the rave. Still, some people like to camp out at the couches along the perimeter since it's not as busy. After popping into the living room and taking a few moments to watch the ten-person orgy happening on the giant sectional by the wall of windows, I head back through the doorway, turn left, and hurry towards the great room.
The hip hop song called 'Throw It Back' by ShantiiP & TarioP is bumping up ahead, and the second I reach the edge of the dance floor, the bass vibrates through my chest, stirring the hype inside me. Neon lights are strobing in slow pulses above the dancefloor, bathing all the nude, half-naked, sweat-glistening dancers ahead in a blue glow for a moment before verdant light throbs, making them look like members of the Green Lantern Corps. Scratch that, not all of them are dancing. There's a girl in the middle of the floor getting dicked-down by a tall black dude with a dope afro. In traditional MasqueRave fashion, people are dancing around them like it's perfectly normal, some of them side-eyeing the sex going on beside them while they bump and grind with their partners.
First dancefloor bang of the night,I think, bobbing my head as I groove my way counterclockwise around the room. My eyes wander over to this one girl with blue hair and a matching mask who's fingering herself and dancing while watching the couple dance-bang.Fuck yeah! I love MasqueRave!
As the neon lights transition from yellow to white right on the beat, I catch a glimpse ofherthrough the dancers ahead. Ms. Innocent in the black and gold mask—the mostoverdressedgirl in the entire mansion—is just slouched against the couch with her arms crossed over her belly, staring at something on the dancefloor with the most anxious expression on her face.
At long last,I think, drinking while hastily weaving through the crowd gathered on the left side of the dancefloor, never taking my eyes off her for a second.
Halfway to her, a girl in red lingerie shoves a pants-less dude with a boner down onto the cushion left of Ms. Innocent, prompting her to look over annoyedly right as the busty blonde is straddling him. Right as the red lingerie girl impales herself on the guy's bare dick, Ms. Innocent scrunches her face and springs up from her seat. Her expression is so dramatic, I can almost hear her go 'Ugh.'
Well, that's my confirmation she's not a skank or a sexually liberal woman like the rest of the girls here.
Just as I get about three feet away from her, she turns back to the dancefloor, scowling with her nose all scrunched up in the cutest way. I can't tell if she's disgusted by what she just watched or if this reaction is from the erotic debauchery that she's now witnessing.
"You look miserable," I say a few decibels below a shout as I come to a stop beside her.
She twirls around and stares at me all wide-eyed and shocked. Then, as if she's relieved to see that it's me and not some other bro, her expression relaxes into a warm smile while something like intrigue flashes in her eyes. "How could you even tell?" she shouts back in this almost singsongy tone that most drunk girls seem to speak in. "My back was just to you!"
I point to theclub'sentrance."Saw you from across the room before those two—" I cock a thumb over my shoulder at the couch she just rose from. "—grossed you out and made you get up!"
Looking down and shaking her head, she giggles with her lips pressed together like she's trying to keep me from seeing her smiling. "You're telling me that you spotted me from across the room through all those people in this dim lighting?"
"Yup. Because I've been looking for you since I saw you outside."
"Oh?" Her face lights up. "Why's that,Zorro?"
"It'sCarmelo, actually," I say with a smirk. "And I'll tell you if you tell me why you look so unhappy, gorgeous. You know, after you tell me your name."
"I'm Mah-mmmm—" she stops abruptly, pressing her lips together while she hums, then she looks up to the right as if she forgot her MasqueRave alias. "My name's Faye! But I'm okay with gorgeous even though I think you're being incredibly generous to flatter me."
Smirking, I shake my head. "Well,Mah-mmmmFaye, it wasn't an exaggeration."
She smiles, and then her jaw drops as she swats my arm playfully. "Jerk! I'm still getting used to the whole alias thing!"
I wink. "Like I was saying,Faye... I meant it. You're absolutely gorgeous.Now...Please tell me why you look so miserable, and don't youdaresay it's because there aren't any guys approaching you! There's no way I'd believe that given what I'm seeing before me." To not come off as sleazy, I hold her gaze instead of looking down and gesturing to her body like I want to.
Smirking, she tilts her head down and then looks away shyly. "No... It's not that. I've hadplentyof guys approach me in the last half hour or so," she says, looking up at me with a bashful smirk.
"Were those guys being respectful to you?" I blurt out before she can continue.
She nods eagerly. "Mm-hmm! Very! They didn't even make a fuss when I turned them down. I appreciate you asking me that."
Guess that means Ms. Innocent remains unsullied! Also, note to self: Game of Thrones ended years ago, time to stop saying unsullied...
I nod once. "Glad to hear it! And you're welcome. Gotta make sure my fellow male guests aren't misbehaving and making this an uncomfortable environment for the ladies."
"Wow. You're such agentleman," she says with a hint of sarcasm, smirking afterward.
"And don't you forget it!" I say with a smirk and a wink. "Now, back to my question... Tell me what's wrong,Faye. Why so miserable?"
"This isn't reallymy scene..." Faye says through a wince. "I'm not exactly comfy watching people fuck every time I turn my head."
"Ah... So a friend dragged you here I take it?"
She nods, looks towards the dancefloor, and then points at a raven-haired girl who's wearing a black bunny mask—the hottie in strappy lingerie who's in the middle of a sloppy make-out session with and getting fingerbanged by none other than elephant guy. "She ditched me to go make out with him, now she's over there having the time of her life while I'm awkwardly waiting on the sidelines for the night to be over. And—"
"And you're mad she's getting it on with the guy with the impressiveelephant trunkwho you were checking out earlier!" I say, winking at her. "Got it!"
Faye swats my chest playfully. "No!" She shakes her head, giggling in the cutest way. "I wasn'tchecking him outearlier! I was laughing at how ridiculous his underwear is! And I couldn't look away because it was like watching a trainwreck!" She swats me again. "Now, can I finish telling you why I'm miserable, or do you wanna interrupt me and tease me again?"
I raise my hands in surrender, chuckling. "No, please continue. I'm done giving you a hard time. For now."Pun intended.
"Thank you," she sasses with an eye-roll, playing at being mad but smiling fiendishly at me. Now she huffs. "What I wasgoingto say was that she made me take molly with her, like, twenty minutes ago so we could roll together while we danced, but now she's gone and forgot all about me like she always does. And I'm sort of freaking out because I'm tipsy as fuck and I've never done molly and I don't know what to expect!" Her words rattle off a mile per minute.
"Damn, you're attending your first orgy on top of doing molly for the first time?" I ask, smirking at her. "Talk about stepping out of your comfort zone."
"Tell me about it... I take it you've done molly before?"
I nod. "Many times. And you've got nothing to worry about, Faye. The ones they give out there arelow-dose compared to the ones drug dealers sling. Just sip water throughout the night to stay hydrated, and try not to get too drunk if you plan on drinking more, okay?"
"Now there's advice I never thought a guy at an orgy rave would give me," she says with a smirk.
"I've never been the kind of guy who'd try and get a girl shitfaced so I could hook up with her." I flash her a smug smile.
"Is that why you've been searching for me since you saw me outside? Because you want to hook up with me?"
My smug grin fades into a warm smile. "I've been searching for you and turning down advances for the last thirty minutes because, out of all the hotties I've seen since I got here and all the gorgeous women who I've seen in all my years coming to these MasqueRaves, I'venever oncelaid eyes on anyone who captivated me so completely the way you did, Faye. No one has ever made me stop and stare like I did when I spotted you outside. Not at one of these events, and not in therealworld."
She grins. Her brown eyes narrow into a squint and her cheeks redden during the brief flash of fluorescent white light. Then, as the bulbs above transition to neon yellow, her bottom lip curls into her mouth and she bites naughtily down onto it to stifle her smile. "Oh, bullshit,Carmelo!"
I make my face as expressionless as I can. "Seriously. The second I spotted you, it was like seeing someone I knew from a past life or some shit. Felt like you called out to me, so I just had to figure out why you made me feel that way. Tell me you didn't get that same vibe when we locked eyes. And don't lie! I saw you. You were awestruck just like I was. You couldn't look away until your friend hit you to get your attention."
Faye looks down and to the right, and then her eyes snap back up to meet my gaze. "I won't deny that something about you stood out to me too when I saw you earlier—something in your eyes. Something about your smile."
"See! I knew it!"
"Easy there, buddy, that doesn't mean I want you to bang me on the dancefloor or anything."
I smirk. "That's fine by me. I'm cool with going somewhere a little less loud so we can chat."
"So, you're telling me that you're at an orgy rave and you only want totalkto me? You didn't search this whole place for me because you wanna get laid?"
"Oh, no... If I said that, that'd be a lie... I wouldabsolutelylove nothing more than to have sex with you at some point if you were down! But given the shy, reserved vibe you've been giving off since I first laid eyes on you, and considering how grossed out you were seeing that couple fucking next to you, and given that your friend more or less forced you to come to this shindig, I figured you aren't here for a night of sexual liberation like the rest of us."
"You figured right!" she says with a devious smile. "Does that mean you wanna cut and run and move on to an easier lay before you waste your night?"
I shake my head. "I still wanna spend time with you this evening even if you're not down for a little fun, and I hope we can at least dance at some point."
"Even if that means wasting time on me when you'll be missing out on getting your orgy on?"
I shrug. "Faye, no time spent with you would be a waste of my night. I've been to several of these things, so I've had my fair share of anonymous fun. Even if I hadn't, I'd give up one night of boning my way through strange if it means spending the evening getting to know as much as I can about the girl who calls out to me like a beacon in the night."
Squinting, she smiles shyly. "How poetic... Are you just saying that because you think that question was a test of character or because you think I'll loosen up when the molly kicks in?"
"I said that because I meant it, Faye," I say, my eyes flicking back and forth between hers in the moments that follow while she intensely searches my eyes the same way. "So, will you do me the honor of letting me spend the evening getting to know you? You know,get to know youin the sense of raw honesty that comes without specific details on account of the whole secret identity thing we've got going on here." I chuckle.
She giggles. "You know what? Sure! You seem cool and interesting and not the least bit sleazy. And I'd rather get stuck with you all night than wind up awkwardly sitting around alone and watching everyone else have sex..."
I pump my fist. "Best news I've heard all week!"
She snickers. "Geez... I legit just told you we can hang out all night andnothave sex, andthat'sthe best news you've heard recently? Your week must've sucked!" She smirks.
"Oh, it did suck. But it's all okay. Things started getting better as of about two minutes ago." I hold my hand out to her, palm up. "Come on, let's get you some water and find somewhere to talk where we don't have to keep yelling—somewhere where less people are boning."
Faye beams, holding my gaze as she gives my hand a tight squeeze. "I'd like that very much. Lead the way, Carmelo!"
Holding her hand for dear life like she's a troubled child who's got a habit of running around in traffic, I take her the way I came, weaving through the crowd gathered along the left side of the dancefloor and then escorting her through the hall that leads back to the foyer. At the nextintersection,she continues straight but I tug her toward the living room. Both of us look at the couch ahead where a girl with platinum hair and a silver mask is on all fours simultaneously getting railed from behind and violently face-fucked. Then, almost in synchrony, we look at each other, snickering and shaking our heads as I lead her out the backdoor.
"Oh, it feels so good out here now that the sun's down," she says right as we step outside.
"Seriously," I say, inhaling the briny air on the way to the bar. "And I bet you're glad it doesn't smell like sweat and coochie out here."
She giggles innocently. "You must be in my head because I was just about to say something along those lines!"
Aside from the color-changing rope lights adorning the trees surrounding the dancefloor and the blue lights scattered around the bar, the only sources of illumination in the backyard are the neon yellow lights lining the walkways and the dull violet neon tubes underneath the patio furniture.
"How many drinks have you had tonight, Faye?" I ask as we wait for the people in front of us to be serviced.
"Uhhh... Umm... Four or five shots before we got here, then we got one cocktail and took a shot with the group we met at the bar." She squints at me. "Why?"
"Just tryna to figure out how dehydrated you are," I say with a smile, turning to the busty redhead working the bar who's wearing a red neon mask. "Two waters and a Corona, please."
"You got it!" the redhead says to me.
"You gonna double-fist a water and a beer?" Faye says with a smirk. "You're so cool!"
I snicker, taking the ice-cold water bottles from the bartender and handing them to mydate."Nope. Both of those waters are for you, sweetheart."
Faye scrunches her face up. "Oh... Do you not need to hydrate from the molly you took?"
I shake my head while grabbing the Corona from the counter. "Thanks," I say to the bartender. After taking a sip of beer, I turn to Faye who's now guzzling water like she's just been rescued from being lost in the desert for three days. "I didn't take any molly. I usually just stick to alcohol when I attend these MasqueRaves." I place my hand on the small of her back then steer her toward the unoccupied outdoor sectional that's against the railing of the patio's back corner.
"Why's that?" she asks.
"This is probably T.M.I. for you but, if you must know, MDMA makes sex feel amazing, but it also makes it hard for me tofinish."
She grins, and her smile transitions into a wince as she raises her eyebrows. "Ah... I see...Definitelya problem at an orgy party."
"Mm-hmm," I hum, taking another swig. "See? ThatwasT.M.I. forMiss Innocent."
"Hey now... Just because orgies and watching people have sex makes me uncomfy, it doesn't mean I'mthatinnocent, Carmelo..." she says with a fierce look while easing down onto the couch, pressing her thighs together in an act of modesty.
"Is that right?" I say, flopping down right beside her. Now I scoot over until our arms and legs are touching.
"Mm-hmm..." Faye hums, looking up at the speaker above us. "Geez, is there music playing in every corner of this place?"
I nod. "Jace likes to keep music blasting all over for the same reason the lighting is dim everywhere—to keep people who might know each other from potentially recognizing each other."
She nods. "Makes sense... Also, who's Jace?"
I smirk. "The 26-year-old billionaire owner of the mansion and the mastermind behind The MasqueRave! Didn't you read up on him on the website or the app?"
Faye shakes her head. "Ilegitdidn't decide to come to this until this morning, and my best friend handled my ticket and account set up beforehand, so I didn't have time to look into literally anything about this event. Whatever I know is what she told me on the drive here."
"That's wild!"
"Tell me about it!" She takes a quick sip of water and then gazes into my eyes. "So... this Jace guy... You know him?"
I nod. "We went to college together. My frat brother, actually."
"That's cool!" Her gaze wanders to my wrist. "Is that why you have on a silver smart band when everyone else has black ones?"
"Yeah. I have the same level of access as him. This band even gets me into his bedroom."
"Oh wow! What else does it get you?"
"All the weed, drugs, and edibles I want along with free escort service all night," I say with a smirk.
Her eyes go wide. "Wait... for realsies?"
I nod, smiling at how adorable she sounded just now.
"And you're here withmewhen you could have a bedful of women who'll do whatever you want without hesitation?" She grins.
"Yup. And I wouldn't want to be anywhere else doing anything else with anyone else right now."
She giggles. "You're full of shit!"
"I have not and will not lie to you once tonight. While this mask is on, I have nothing to hide. Aside from my identity and any specific details that may reveal it, that is."
She nods. "Is that so?"
"Yup. I'll tell you what... In the spirit of getting to know each other during MasqueRave, I'll answer anything you want, no matter how intimate of a question it is. The only caveat is that you gotta promise to be equally open with me."
She nods in silence for a few seconds, clearly mulling over her response. "You know what? I'm down! It's not like we'll ever see each other after tonight."
"Exactly! Now you're starting to do tonight right! Now ask away, Faye! Let's get personal-ish."
"I will!But... before we begin... I gottatinkle." Her face scrunches up in the cutest, most innocent way—in a way that reminds me of the person dearest to me. "Mind showing me to the bathroom since you've been to this sex palace many times before?"
I snicker, taking her hand as I rise. "Right this way, m'lady."

Chapter 5:
Let's GetPersonal-ish

Monica 'Momo' Morello | 18
Masquerave Alias: Faye
Saturday, October 1st
It's still unclear if it was the fact that CeCe leftme—an introvert who's uncomfortable being around nude strangers and people having intercourse—in the middle of a crowded orgy-rave by myself or if the MDMA I took is what had me feeling incredibly anxious, but ever since Carmelo came along, the anxiousness has faded. Like,the secondI turned around and saw that it was him who approached me and not some other guy, I felt both relieved and excited. The moment we held hands for the first time, his touch soothed me, calmed me down, and made the crazy world around me stand still. Also, my heart is still fluttering like crazy, and I don't know if that's a side effect of the molly or if being around him has me incredibly flustered and giddier than I've ever been.
Even now as I sit here on the toilet relieving my bladder in this blacklight-lit bathroom, my heart is still fluttering. Faster than it was before, actually. Probably because I'm doing what I've been doing since I met Carmelo—imagining what it'd feel like to have his lips against mine, wondering how much his beard will scratch my face while we kiss.
The fantasy has me so riled up that there's this heat blossoming outward from the middle of my chest like someone lit a lantern inside of me. Or maybe that's just the molly too.
The moment I step out of the bathroom, I smile. I smile because Carmelo is leaning against the wall across from me with his hands in his pockets, looking like a damn GQ model. In the next beat, the warmth in my chest spreads outward, radiating down my arms and legs. The sensation makes my face scrunch up—it causes my body to shiver.
"You feeling okay?" Carmelo asks, scanning my face with genuine concern, staring at me like he wants to pull me in and hold me close the way I want him to.
I nod. "There's this weird, warm feeling in my chest. Is that the molly? Is that supposed to happen?" My words come out slightly panicked.
He chuckles. "Yup. It's perfectly normal, so don't stress, beautiful. Just relax and it'll pass shortly. And once it does, you're gonna feel all floaty and euphoric and everything you touch will feel amazing."
"Ooh wow! I can't wait for that part!" I say as my arm bumps into his, our hands brushing one another's.
The next thing I know, we're holding hands, and I'm not sure which of us initiated it this time. Not that it matters because this is what I wanted from the moment he let go of me outside the bathroom moments ago. I don't know what it is, but holding his hand sets me on fire—being in contact with him legit makes my body buzz. The entire walk back to our spot on the back patio, I find myself stealing glances at him, and I happen to do so every time he's stealing a look at me. Or maybe he just hasn't taken his eyes off me this entire time.
As we step back out into the somewhat cool night air, my eyes wander from the packed outdoor dancefloor over to where we were sitting earlier. "Oh, look at that!" I blurt out in the same partial yell I've had to speak in since we got here.
Carmelo scans the area ahead then turns to me looking all confused. "What?"
"No one started boning on our couch while we were gone!" I giggle.
He cracks up. "Must be our lucky night, Faye!" he says, looking at me with a charming smile that makes my vagina throb with need.
After flopping down onto the seat together, I stare deep into those kind, captivating green eyes of his—eyes that've had me feeling warm and fuzzy since we first stood face-to-face. Even though he's handsome and toned with a brilliant smile, his eyes are my favorite feature. It's not just the color, it's the adoring, caring, lustful yet respectful way he looks at me. And there's this familiarity to his eyes that makes me feel safe enough to be vulnerable with him.
"Alright, Carmelo," I say after ourstaring contest."Where should we begin?"
"Wherever you want, sweetheart," he says.
"Umm... So, how many MasqueRaves have you been to?"
"Including this one? Four," he says without hesitation. "And there have only been four so far."
"Oh, wow... Do you usually hook up with multiple girls at these things? If so, what's the most hook-ups you've had in one night?"
"I almost always have sex with three or four women throughout the night. The most I've ever been with was six, but that's because I had three at once at the beginning of the night."
I snicker. "Geez... Are these ladies mostly escorts or guests?"
"I go for guests because I prefer to connect before I get it in, but I have a little fun with escorts every now and then if I'm not spent by the end of the night."
"You have sex with anyone tonight before you found me?"
He shakes his head. "Nope. But when I went to see Jace earlier, he had a girl waiting for me, and she blew me while me and the guys chatted."
"Oh..."
He smirks. "Told you I was gonna be honest. And, so you know the whole story, I only let it happen out of respect for Jace since he arranged to have her there for me. And I asked her to stop a few minutes into it because I told her and the guys that there was someone I needed to find."
Snickering, I shake my head. "Howsweet..."
"I've never done that for anyone before. You can ask Jace and my boy Ranger if you don't believe me."
I smile warmly. "No, I believe you."
"Good. You better."
"Umm... Do you have a girlfriend?"
"Nope. Single as of two months ago."
"Have you ever been to one of these while you had a girlfriend?"
"Shamefully, I have."
"I take it that means she didn't know?"
He nods slowly. "It's shitty, I know."
Smiling, I wave him off. "I'm not judging. I mean, it's not like I'm looking for a husband or anything. I'm just tryna find out what kind of man you are. That being said, I do respect the honesty."
"Like I said, the mask is on, so you'll get nothing butrawhonesty from me, not that I'm a liar when the mask is off."
I giggle. "Good to know. Okay, um... last question for now. Who is the most important person in your life?"
"My little sister," he says without missing a beat.
I can't help but smile at that. "Aww! Really? Why's that?"
"She was my first best friend, she's the best and smartest person I know, and she's the one person I'd do anything for—the one person in my entire family I'm actually close to, even though I don't talk to her as much as I used to."
"Awwww! That's really sweet! My older brother and I are super close too, so that makes me happy!"
"I'm glad at least one of my answers made you happy."
I giggle. "If it makes you feel any better, none of your previous answers upset me."
He nods proudly. "I'll call that a win then!"
"As you should!"
"Alright, ready for me to get up in your business now?"
I nod once, pressing my leg against his because he's just not close enough for me. "Ask away, Carmelo!"
"Alright, I'll start with some light stuff... How old are you?"
"Eighteen. You?"
"Twenty-three. I take it you're in college?"
"I am. Started this fall!"
"Sorority girl?"
I shake my head. "My best friend is though."
"Ah," he says with a nod. "Let me guess, she heard about this event from one of her older sisters at the sorority?"
I nod eagerly. "How'd you know?"
"Because this event is pretty word-of-mouth, and it usually only gets talked about in the Greek student body. Especially at FSU over in Tallahassee."
Despite trying not to react to that, my eyes bulge and my lips press together, partially curling into my mouth.
Carmelo's gaze narrows. "Something tells me you go to FSU."
"I will neither confirm nor deny that. Butsomething tells meyou go there or went there at some point."
"Let's just say the first MasqueRave began at FSU, and I was there for it. But you'd know the origin of The MasqueRave if you read theAbout Uson the website, so that's not something you wouldn't have figured out in the morning since I told you me and Jace are from the same frat."
"Sounds like we're walking atabooline of personal questions."
He smirks. "Don't worry, I won't pry about your identity... Next question: Do you have a boyfriend? Is that why you're dressedmodestlyand sitting on the sidelines while your bestie has the time of her life?"
"No... I've been single since just after my senior prom. I'm just sort of shy and reserved. My friend Ce—Lola is the free spirit who likes to get around," I say, barely catching myself from saying her name.
"Masquerave isn't just aboutsex. It's about being who you wanna be, saying what you wanna say, and doing what you wanna do without fear of judgment. It's about being truer than you've ever been in your life. It's about being able to take risks that you normally can't in everyday life without fear of health or social consequences. It's about enjoying life to the fullest and having the most human experience possible. And there's nothing more human than making love without the goal of procreation."
I smirk. "Didn't you start off by saying MasqueRavewasn'tabout sex?"
He chuckles. "I said it wasn'tjust about sex. But that doesn't mean sex isn't a key part of the experience. This is one of the few places where people can get the intimacy and fun that they crave without all the complications and strings. And that doesn't mean everyone here is supposed to fuck tons of people. Ideally, all it takes is having one unforgettable experience with one person to set your soul on fire and change your life for the better. Forever. It's places like this where you discover stuff about yourself and truly come alive for a brief moment in time."
"You sound like Lola. Maybe I should introduce you to her."
"Sure, maybe at the end of the night when we're all going home," he says with a smirk. "Next question... Did you lie to me earlier when you said I was right about you not coming here for sexual liberation like the rest of us? Are you really not gonna haveanyfun at all or did you just come to play mother hen to Lola?"
"No... I came because I do wanna try to come out of my shell and havea little bit of funwithout gettingtoo crazy."
"Ah... I see..." He smiles knowingly at me. "So thereisa reason why you showed up in a skimpy skirt without panties on."
"Wait..." I mutter, my eyes bulging and my jaw dropping. "How'd you know I'm not wearing—"
"Outside on the line earlier? You twirled around real quick when your bestie beckoned your attention and, when you did, your skirt flitted up and gave the rest of the line a show."
"Crap!" I slap my palm against my face and then shake my head. "I totally forgot I was going commando! Ugh..."
"Nothing to be ashamed of, sweetheart. It's just a vagina. Spin in a circle and you'll see twenty right now. Besides, there's no face to go with the vadge, so don't stress."
"True... And... to answer your question, yeah. Lola told me to forgo underwear before we left, and I listened to her because I wanted to be ready toat leastget fingered on the dancefloor... You know, if I found the right guy."
"And what does the right guy look like?"
I blush. "I need to connect with someone to be intimate, so someone chill and funny and sweet who I vibe with would be ideal. Handsome is a plus, not that the latter would be hard to find around here."
Carmelo smirks. "And how many of those qualifications have I met so far?"
"Let's just say that I'm quick to turn away someone if there's not an instant connection and all three qualifications aren't met." I look down at the floor and smile shyly before glancing back up at him.
"Interesting..." He stares at me with this sinful look smoldering in his eyes. "Last question, Faye, and feel free not to answer it if it's too personal, okay?"
"Okay. Ask away!"
"You wouldn't happen to be a virgin, would you?"
My eyes widen and I smile nervously. "Would you lose interest if I said no?"
Snickering, he shakes his head. "Of course not!"
"Well... I've never actually had sex... But I'm not a virgin..."
He scowls with something like concern in his eyes. "Oh... Please don't tell me you weren't, like, sexually assaulted—"
"Oh, no!" I blurt out. "It's nothing like that! It's just... the night I lost my virginity, my boyfriend at the time slipped it in only to pull right back out barely two strokes later because we heard my parents walk into the house. Pretty much right after that, he snuck out and we never got the chance to finish."
"Damn... talk about a shitty first time."
"Right?! Like, he legit didn't even stick it in all the way! I asked him to go slow, so his first stroke barely went past the tip, and then hemaybewent halfway in during the second stroke... And to make matters worse, the following Monday at school, I caught him by his locker telling his boys that we fucked and he made me orgasm, blah-blah-blah. So, I called him out in front of everyone. Then we argued. Then we broke up after school that day because I told him he'd have to wait until graduation if he wanted to pick up where we left off. I didn't date anyone after that, and I spent all summer cooped up in the house. And since I've been in college, I've partied and stuff, but I never tried hooking up with anyone. No one's caught my eye until now."
I quickly avert my gaze.Crap, why did I say that out loud?
Carmelo grins harder than he has all night. "Is that so?"
My head nods subtly on its own. "Fun fact: No one knows that story, not even my best friend." A pleasant shiver runs down my spine when he smiles at me and, suddenly, the breeze washing over me feels amazing—like my body is being caressed all over by hundreds of silky feathers. Out of nowhere, happiness the likes of which I never experienced comes over me, and I can't for the life of me stop smiling. "Uh-oh... I think this molly is kicking in."
"Is the music starting to sound really good?"
I close my eyes and listen, focusing on every beat, feeling the bass in my chest. The next thing I know, I'm smiling. "Gawd, yes... It does sound amazing!"
"Congrats, Faye, you're rolling for the first time!"
I start writhing in my seat. "God... I just wanna dance right now. Can we go inside and dance? I wanna find Lola."
Carmelo rises from his seat. "Of course, m'lady!" He offers me his hand.
Smiling brightly at him, I take it and, the second our flesh meets, pleasure buzzes across my palm and tingles up my arm. "Wow!" I blurt out as he helps me up.
"What?"
I slowly caress his palm and fingers. "Your skin feels amazing against mine! So soft!"
He chuckles. "That's the power of molly, Faye!"
"I wish you were rolling with me."
"Oh, don't you worry... I'm tipsy from my triple pour of scotch and those last three beers I had. Plus, I've been feeling high on dopamine since we've been together."
I grin so hard that my eyes go all squinty.Keep talking like that and I'll have no choice but to let you do more than finger me in a few minutes,I think, squeezing his hand while caressing it with my thumb.
"FYI," he shouts as we step into the living room where the music is bumping louder than it was earlier. "Be careful when you're walking across the dancefloor later."
"Why?"
"9:30 is the official start of the infamousDancefloorgy. Most people wait to get laid until then because that's usually the wildest part of the night. Because of that, tons of girls get cummed in during that time, then they leak all over the place while they dance. Last thing you need is to slip and fall in jizz. And believe me, it happens more often than you'd think." He laughs deviously.
I crack up. "EWWW!"
"See, you sayewww, but most girls here wouldn't find that gross. In fact, I once saw a girl makesnow angelson the glazed dancefloor at the end of the night. And then I watched her finger herself with all thegooshe scooped up off the fucking floor!"
"Um... wow... I don't even know what to say to that."
Carmelo just cracks up. "It was the hottest, grossest thing I've ever witnessed, Faye. She even rolled over onto her belly at one point and continued making cum-puddle angels while masturbating."
"And I bet you watched the entire time, didn't you?"
"Didn't even blink until she got up looking like a freshly glazed honeybun." He cracks up, and so do I. A beat later, the sound of our laughter gets drowned out by the music coming from the club ahead.

Chapter 6:
Dancefloorgy!

Monica 'Momo' Morello | 18
Masquerave Alias: Faye
Saturday, October 1st
Each neon light we pass appears to have a pulsating, swirling psychedelic aura to it now. They're not just glowing, they seem to be humming. And the music... the moment we step into the indoor club and walk past the speakers, the bass vibrates through me, resonating down to my bones with each beat like my skeleton has become one giant tuning fork.
Everything just feels incredible,I think, grinning.I've never felt so alive!
The scene ahead is insane. Half the guys are pants-less and the other half have their erections sticking out through their underwear. As for the girls, it's about the same. Roughly half of the females are naked, save for their masks, and the rest have their skirts hiked up while the guys they're dancing with thrust their bare dicks up into them from the front or from behind. Around the perimeter of the dancefloor, there are couples and groups of people banging on the couches. From the looks of it, it's mostly guys sitting on the couch making out with the girls who are rhythmically bouncing on their cocks while gyrating to the beat.
Upon reaching the edge of the dancefloor, Carmelo squeezes my hand and leans in. "You okay being here with all this going on?" he shouts over the louder-than-ever music. "We can always find a spot where there aren't so many people fuckin'!"
I nod dramatically. "I'm desensitized now! C'mon!"
Desensitized is an understatement... Seeing all these people fucking and drunk with pleasure is actually sort of turning me on now...
I tug him along, sidestepping through a cluster of guys and girls dancing hard to the song One Margarita by That Chick Angel, my head on a swivel as I search for CeCe on the way to the center of the dancefloor. Along the way, I can't count how many breasts brush past me and bump into me. Also, the arm I'm not using to pull Carmelo along and my legs keep getting poked and slapped by hard, warm, low-hanging body parts—erect appendages that I don't realize are dicks until I look down and see a monster cock whack my thigh like a weaponized bratwurst. As disturbed as I am, I can't help but shiver from the molly-induced pleasure that radiates out from each point of contact.
Eww,I think when I see a streak of something wet across my outer thigh from the last wang that dragged across me.That's totally cum...
Even after reaching the middle of the dancefloor, I can't spot CeCe anywhere, so I keep tugging Carmelo along only to stop right at the opposite edge.
Carmelo's soft, sandalwood-scented beard brushes against my face as he leans in. "No sign of Lola?" he asks.
I shake my head, purposefully nestling my cheek against his like a cat.
"Wanna keep looking?"
I shake my head again. "It's fine! Let's just dance!" I beam at him before tugging back into the crowd.
Because I don't wanna be smackdab in the middle of the dancefloor or right on the edge for those lounging around the perimeter to gawk at us, I stop a few feet from the center then I turn my back to him and press my ass against his crotch. At the same time that I begin bouncing and writhing to the beat, his hands cup my hips. Though he's flaccid, the bulge in Carmelo's pants feels impressive.
Oh my...I think, grinning as his lengthy, girthy meat rapidly swells against my butt barely five seconds later.Talk about an elephant trunk!I grind harder into his erection, letting it wedge in my ass crack like a sausage in a hotdog bun before writhing sensually against him.He managed to remain all limp-dick even though he passed by dozens of nude women with better bodies than mine, but he plumped up the second I started grinding against him? I'm am both more flattered than I've ever been and insanely turned on!
His body against mine—his throbbing erection pressed against my booty—it feels incredible. I'm suddenly so drunk with bliss and dizzy with thrill that I'm finally just present in the moment and no longer worrying about being in a crowd full of naked, fucking people. I'm so mellowed out that I'm unfazed from watching baby batter stream out of the girl right in front of me whosedance partnerjust pulled out of her. In fact, witnessing that has me so turned on that I close my eyes and imagine Carmelo just did that to me. The fantasy drives me so wild that I start undulating against him harder and more sensually than before, basically giving him a standing lap dance.
One upbeat song turns into two, and then the second transitions flawlessly into the third. The entire time, Carmelo's hands have only been sliding up and down between my hips and my ribs. He's been incredibly respectful, and I don't think I can hold off on rewarding him any longer.
Just when the beat drops and the record scratches into a new song, I pull away, turn around, and press my crotch against his while staring up into his eyes—eyes that are glowing green from the neon light above. Without missing a beat, he smiles at me, searching my eyes as though he's looking for a cue to do what I want him to do. I smile back, nibbling my bottom lip for a moment. A few seconds later, I close my eyes, part my lips slightly, and lean in with haste like a vampire going in to feed.
The instant his mouth presses against mine, pleasure buzzes and tingles across my lips like I've just kissed a Tesla coil crackling with an electric storm of pure pleasure. It's so intense that my breath hitches and my jaw goes slack. That's when his tongue briefly flicks the tip of mine, sending another surge of excitement coursing through me. Reflexively, my tongue thrusts into his mouth, sliding across his soft, hot, wet muscle. A beat later, his tongue slides past mine only to begin massaging it lovingly. That's when my knees go weak for the first time in my life.
It's indescribable how amazing French kissing feels while on MDMA. Suddenly, I just want to be touched all over, so I grab his large hands and bring them down and around to my ass.
"Ah!" I moan, my body quivering as he palms my cheeks and squeezes them tenderly.
For three songs straight, we make out while I writhe my hips and grind my skirt-covered crotch against his erection to the beat. The longer we go at it, the closer he holds me against his warm body. The longer it goes on, the wetter I get down below. Suddenly, Carmelo humps into me with a rhythmic thrust, dragging his massive erection against my clit in a way that he hasn't thus far. The pleasure is so jarring that I moan and my eyes go from closed to wide open in an instant. At that exact moment, I see CeCe two couples away. Like me, she's front-to-front with herdance companion, facing me.Unlike how me and Carmelo are dancing, she has her chin resting on her partner's bare shoulder, and he's holding her leg up over his hip. They're not dancing though. The pants-less dude is rapidly pumping his bare cock in and out of her, and she's grinding into him, her eyelids fluttering while her eyes roll into the back of her head.
Oh fuck,I think, grinding into Carmelo harder and plunging my tongue deeper into his mouth.
A moment later, the guy slowly pulls his cock out of my best friend, and I watch in both horror and fascination as a thick, glistening glob stretches down from her pussy like snot only to then swing into her inner thigh. CeCe, who looks super out of it, kisses him and then she dances away in my direction, tossing her hair side-to-side wildly to the beat. With each step, glistening thickness drips from between her legs, dotting the floor with milky, liquid peals that shimmer with the strobing lights.
I can't believe I'm witnessing this right now.I'm so stunned, I don't even wave at her as she passes by me.
When she's out of view, I steer Carmelo around so I can keep watching her, never prying my lips from his for a second. By the time we turn about ninety degrees, CeCe is dancing her way to the edge of the dancefloor. Suddenly, she stops and turns to this tall, muscular Hispanic hunk who's only wearing shorts. The moment they're face-to-face, they start making out and she steers him back to the nearby couch. Once his calves hit the couch, she pushes her new lover down onto the cushion that's right beside a couple who's going at it. Barely a second later, CeCe tugs his pants down, allowing his boner to spring up in all its erect glory. Without missing a beat, she straddles him and slips his long rod into her cum-slickened cooch before impaling herself fully on him.
Jesus Christ, CeCe... that last guy unloaded in you barely a minute ago and you're already letting another dude bareback you,I think as a group of nude dancers block my view of her.
As skeeved out as I am by her behavior, I'm even more turned on than before. Not sure if it's because of what I saw or if it's because dancing and making out with Carmelo all this time while on molly has me hornier than I've ever been. Or maybe it's both. Either way, my pussy is clenching with the need to be stuffed and stretched, and I'm craving pleasure.
Finally prying my lips from his, I bring my mouth to his ear and press my cheek against his. "Touch me!" I almost shout.
Carmelo pulls away then searches my eyes with the biggest grin stretched across his face, and his smile makes both my heart and pussy flutter. "Are you sure, sweetheart?"
I flash him a sinful smile, and then I turn around, pressing my ass back against his erection. Now I grab his hand then guide it around my waist and up under my skirt. The second I press his large fingers against my slick folds, my body shudders and my hips buck forward on their own accord, making my pussy grind hard against his hand.
Carmelo leans in, pressing his cheek to mine as he brings his mouth to my ear. "Fuck, Faye, you're so wet!" he growls in a strained tone as his finger sweeps gently up and down my slit.
I glance over my shoulder at him. "I've been wet since we started talking, Carmelo!" A shy giggle escapes me.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah!" I cry out as the tip of his finger slowly glides into my opening for the briefest of moments before he pulls it right back out. "I didn't come here to do anything, but you just... You do something to me... Now I just can't help but let go...Uhhhh," I groan as his thumb rubs my clit with a bit of vigor. A beat later, he suddenly hooks a finger into me and plunges it as deep into me as it'll go, making my vaginal walls clench around his digit. "OOHH!"
The pleasure in that moment is so deliciously overwhelming that it's blinding. Like, seriously, my vision goes blurry and everything goes white even though the lights above are a dazzling blue. My thoughts scramble as I clamp my eyelids shut. The way his thumb is kneading my clitoris with sharp, circular rubs and the perfect amount of pressure makes my body tremble. Eventually, he jams a second digit into my tight passage, stretching me out in a way I didn't know I needed. Each time his fingers pump into me, my vaginal walls flutter around them. When his digits slide out from my depths, my walls clench around them as though my pussy is trying to suck them back in. Each peck of his lips and flick of his tongue against my neck sends waves of pleasure buzzing up and down my spine.
While he pleasures me, I pull my ass away from his crotch, reach back, and blindly fumble with his zipper. His cock is so stiff and big that I can't pull it through the hole without first undoing his shorts button. With my hands trembling from the intense pleasure between my legs, it takes a few tries before I finally undo his pants and pull out his long, thick rod.
Oh my fuck,I think as I stroke his length with an underhanded grip in slow, shallow pumps.I didn't know dicks this big existed.
"Mrrrgh!" he groans in my ear while kissing my neck.
One song's worth of clitoral stimulation and fingering—that's how long it takes me to cum so hard that my thighs clamp shut around his hand. "AHHH!" I cry out. "Yesss!Fuuhh-kuhh!" When the orgasm passes, I convince my legs to stop crushing his hand, and then I glance over my shoulder at him while jerking him faster.
As amazing as that was, I want more,I think as a sped-up version of Ice Cream Man by Tyga begins playing—a song that basically says "fuck me" and "suck me" over and over in the chorus.I want Carmelo's dick in my coochie instead of in my hand...My gaze wanders from his eyes to the fucking and dancing people directly ahead.Everyone else is too busy getting it on to care about watching you get dick-dicked down... Even if they watch, who cares? You have a mask on. Just do it... Back up into him and slip it in.
I glance back at him over my shoulder again as the 'suck me,fuck me' lyrics of the chorus begin repeating. "I want you inside me, Carmelo!" I shout over the bassy music that seems louder for some reason.
He flashes me a confused smile. "Here? Now? We can go—"
"Here and now!" I say breathily, lifting my skirt and backing my ass up into his erection.
With his right hand still between my legs, he continues rubbing my clit while I guide his tip to my opening. "Ahh," I moan as his cockhead drags along my slit to my entrance. The second I part my folds with his crown, he bucks up into me nice and slow, driving his wide knob into my tightness as I'm back up into him. "AHHH! HA-UGH-MMM!" I moan as he glides deeper into me, stretching me out in a way that I've never been stretched before.
Suddenly, the world around me vanishes in a white-hot flash as pleasure explodes between my legs and deep inside of me. There are no people, there's no musty sex-filled air, there's not even a floor beneath my feet—all there is right now in this moment is me and Carmelo. I feel like an ethereal form who can only sense the throbbing cock gliding in and out of my pussy, the vibration of the bass in my chest, his lips on my neck, and the quick, hard rubs of his finger against my clit.
I feel so full... Too full, but in a good way.
The way his girthy cock feels sliding into my depths is several orders of magnitude more delicious than having him finger me—twice as mind-scrambling and pleasurable. Even if I wasn't rolling on molly, I think this would still feel way more incredible than my first time. Because my ex had a skinny penis that wasmaybe5 inches. Somehow, Carmelo rhythmically thrusts into me to the beat with shallow humps, grunting with each slow impalement. It takes everything in me to writhe my body against his to keep up the impression that we're still dancing.
A few strokes later, Carmelo thrusts so deep into my cavity that he surprises me by prodding my cervix with his cockhead, touching me deeper than I've ever been touched before. "WAA—Ahhh-uhhh!" I cry out from the intense, never-before-felt sensation, my eyes opening wide in response as my pussy begins contracting around his length in rolling waves. At that moment, I make eye contact with a group of people at the edge of the dancefloor who are staring right at me. And that's when I remember that I'm getting fucked in the middle of a sea of people at a rave-orgy.
Groaning, Carmelo's left arm holds me tighter against his torso while he thrusts just as deep into me again with a bit more speed, his body trembling against me. "Fuck... You're insanely tight, Faye..." he says in a strained voice, sounding like a man stabbed in the gut. "I'm sorry, but the way your pussy's clenching around me, I'm not gonna be able to last very long, sweetheart!"
Giggling through a moan, I slowly pull my ass away from him, my core spasming with each inch of him that slides out until his seemingly never-ending cock finally slips out of my cavity. "Ugh-mmm..." I groan in pleasure, pulling my skirt back down as I quickly twirl around to face him. "People are watching, and it's making me super uncomfy... Can we go somewhere private?" My eyes wander to the trouser snake in his hand, and the sight of it makes me nibble naughtily on my bottom lip.
Wowza! How did THAT even fit in me?
Carmelo smiles warmly while pulling his jaw-dropping erection back into his pants. "I was about to ask you the same thing." He doesn't even bother fastening the button of his shorts, he just holds them up with one hand and then takes my hand with the other. "Right this way, love," he says, tugging me along. "I know the perfect spot."
A preview of what's to come (Don't read the previews below if you wanna be pleasantly surprised):
Chapter 7 (Monica's POV) — Monica and Carmelofinishwhat they started on the dancefloor