Ch.14 : The New Lovers : Part 1
Danella stood as Valery stood. "I will stay with Valery tonight," she announced brazenly to the others, and particularly to Mireau who doubtless had been expecting to sleep with her himself at his own abode or perhaps at Danella's official residence, which was Ravelleon's. She had invited them all quite openly to return to Valery's and share her body and each other, but all had refused except Valery.
She detected interest from all with the heightened awareness she possessed which came from many years of open sexual expression and involvement. But the others were not yet ready. She knew that soon she would have them all, the ladies as well as the men. All seemed wrapped in private thoughts at this late stage in the evening after the strange offer which had come to them. Mireau was the worst though. Understanding and open as he was by the standards of Vanmar he remained a clinging and insecure man, unable to resist jealousy as his lover spread her favours with others. He fought hard against jealousy but could not escape his upbringing. In Prancir a handsome man such as Mireau could find partners quite well. He had married well to an attractive woman, and mistresses occasionally came his way, but even he, better endowed with sexual comfort than most in a society which severely rationed its variety was frightened of loneliness. When he had a claim on a woman he needed to hold and cherish her lest he lose her, which had happened with some of his mistresses in the past. But Danella was the best lover he had ever tasted. At least that was his belief at the minute and he could not bear to lose her yet when he had only just found her.
Mireau sidled up to her, he had been hovering near her for a minute or two, waiting for his chance to bend her ear. "I thought you were going to come back with me," he whispered so that the others could not hear. He caught hold of her arm as he said it.
"Have you not been listening to what I have been saying this evening," she said patiently. "I want you all. Not just you. Come and share me with Valery. I would love to have you both together in one bed."
"No Danella, I can't." He sounded upset. This was Vanmarian romance, even though they were not an 'official' couple. The aggrieved partner would be hurt by his lover's rejection taking the interest in others, and dismissal of his own devoted love, and outraged that she should ruin his life by entertaining another.
"Well come back and stay at Valery's anyway. He said we are all welcome. I can visit you in the morning if you do not wish to share our love."
"You cannot suggest that I would share a bed with another man. Surely you know me better," he moaned.
"I would have thought you would be entertained by the idea. You have always shown great interest in the practices of Pirion," she said, wounding him a little.
"I have Danella, but maybe I am not yet ready for your games. I love you, don't you see that."
"You have always known I am a Priestess of the Goddess, accept me for what I am, and I will be generous with you. Please Mireau come with us. Even if you will not join our lovemaking you can stay there." She was pleased that he had again softened his attitude. He must come to accept her for what she was. However, she did not expect him to return to Valery's house. Unexpectedly he said that he would.
"I will come with you to Valery's if you promise to visit me after. I do not wish to lose you. If this is the only way I can have you then so be it. However, I cannot submit to your communal practices or share you with another man in the same bed."
Valery had returned to Danella's side now and must have guessed that went on between them. To a different man the presence of a woman's ardent and jealous lover might have made him politely leave them to their disagreements until Danella came back with a positive decision that he was her choice for the night. Another man might have given her up to the prior claim. But Valery was no ordinary man. He had been born to a good station in life. His good fortune and his natural personality had given him the confidence to confront people with the truth or with the truth he wished to project, even if it were not really truth at all. "Mireau my friend, I do not wish to take away what you have. I wish merely, on Danella's invitation, which I cannot refuse because she is so beautiful, to partake of her body while I am able to. I do not seek to control her. I knew she is a Priestess and I respect her for her ways. Come to my house tonight and Danella will be yours later, even if you decide not to join us in our lovemaking. Escape the bounds of normal sexual relations will you. There is a world out there to be grasped and enjoyed of unselfish love, and pure pleasure. You would enjoy to see Danella shared between two raging bulls, I know you would. You are welcome anyway, whichever you decide."
"Alright, I will come, but only so I can enjoy her on my own afterwards," agreed Mireau, in the way of a man who cannot have his won way who must accept second best, but is nonetheless tied as if unwillingly to what he knows he needs. Danella could visibly see the power she held over him, that he would acquiesce to stay at the home of a rival while that rival received her fullest attention.
Valery spoke to Jeanette now, he took her to one side, Danella could not hear what they said at first but she wanted to hear what was said. Then she was able to hear Jeanette replying, "No I cannot go back with you now, you have chosen Danella for now. I do not argue at your choice; she is very beautiful and I do not envy you your pleasure. I know you will always have time for me. Go and enjoy yourself and I will go home."
"No I want you to come back. Mireau is coming with us also." Danella could see Jeanette's eyebrows raise at what she thought Valery meant. Valery saw her reaction and responded laughing. "No he has not agreed to share our bed but he wishes to make love to Danella later, perhaps in the morning."
Danella smiled at Valery's inability to keep secret what Mireau would probably prefer to remain secret. The cause of openness was one he had often followed in his own personal life but indiscretion about others private decisions was something she imagined he only did for a purpose. In this case he was seeking to encourage Jeanette to return with them. If he told her Mireau was returning also but would not attend to their lovemaking she might be more willing to do the same.
"If Danella visits Mireau's room in the morning, I will visit yours, I promise," he grinned boyishly. "Maybe you and Mireau could get together earlier while Danella and I make love". Jeanette laughed at his joke, Danella guessed that Jeanette and Mireau did not know each other so well. What woman could dislike the thought of Mireau's handsome looks, his dark wavy hair, the smoothness of his skin and the slimness of his body next to hers, locked into her body and gently stroking her in that loving way which was Mireau's true nature. Vanmarian women might create many excuses to prevent themselves from enjoying his flesh too closely, but they would surely admire him from a distance at the least. She tried to judge Jeanette's reaction to Valery's suggestion but she could not.
Danella placed her arm around Mireau to feel his warmth as she thought of him. There was no need of words. She imagined what it would be like to share him with Jeanette. She imagined his penis deep inside Jeanette, as that lady screamed in the release of orgasm, while she embraced her lover from behind, feeling the slap of his buttocks as he softly bucked the lady beneath him. She imagined the cries of Jeanette as she brought her fingers to bear on her clitoris, and when Mireau's penis dissolved into wet squirting she would withdraw it and suck it dry before lapping up the juices from the lady's pussy. Yes she wanted Jeanette too.
They bade goodbye to the others as the ballroom around them emptied. Gentlemen and ladies queued at the cloakroom to collect their coats and made their goodbyes. Valery shook hands with Philippe, and Alfred gave Arabella a polite and acceptable brief kiss which was no more than a peck on the lips. Danella wondered why the Vanmarians even bothered with such a polite and unfeeling action. They might just as well have shook hands. The action was symbolic of respect only, despite these two being occasionally lovers. She resolved to give them a more personal message of her affection which would have been more fitting in Pirion, while Mireau followed Valery's action, satisfying himself by merely kissing Arabella's hand.
She was sure he would have loved to have kissed such a shapely smooth skinned woman. Jeanette displayed little more confidence in her approach. With Philippe she flung her arms around him and kissed him still politely saying, "How wonderful it was to see you again," in that confident way which the society women of Prancir seemed to have to expressing themselves when greeting or saying goodbye. She did the same with both Alfred and Arabella.
Danella thrust herself towards Philippe's face as soon as Jeanette had finished with him. She gave no words but looked him fully in those beautiful eyes as she opened her lips and moved them towards his mouth. She registered surprise and pleasure on his face as her chest softly rested against his and her arms gripped him tightly for a moment. No one else could be sure that her tongue had found the opening between his teeth for a moment, and then her right arm getting passed down his back to brush over and squeeze slightly his right buttock before she let him go. "Pleased to meet you," she said, "We must meet on more intimate terms next time." After what had been said tonight she was no longer concerned about what Mireau thought. She had determined to act freely again to have as many lovers as she desired. Only Ravelleon would remain in ignorance of her true motives. He was her benefactor and she continued to have a special affection for him, for the moment. "It was interesting to meet you too. I look forward to meeting you again," he said. He was so polite and so good looking. She wanted to regain physical contact with him but this was neither the time or the place. She had no wish to irritate her other new found friends either. But Philippe's emotions remained hidden to her. She had managed to penetrate her tongue and he had not pulled away. But he had done nothing to display any feeling. His hands had remained stiffly at his side as if unprepared for her affection. She would have to work on him, but she was sure he must be interested in her. Were not all men she had ever met unless perhaps they were entirely homosexual.
She moved on to Alfred and gave him a similar approach. He had seen what she had done to Philippe and was ready for her approach. He seemed to relish it, opening his mouth as she invaded his and placing his arms around her as she did to him. His response was warmer, but even with him she sensed the pulling away when he deemed the bounds of acceptability were reached. She acquiesced and let him go.
"You are very warm," she whispered, "I would like to make you warmer soon, if that is possible."
"Maybe lady", he said, "but you must know I am married." It was encouraging that he seemed to accept what she was talking about.
"Do you need a mistress" she asked.
"I don't think I need one," he said.
"But do you want one?"
"Perhaps, but how many lovers can you manage," he asked perceptively.
"As many as want me, as long as they don't expect me to visit them very often."
"Well then I hope to see you soon, here is my card," he proffered it to her. She looked closely at it, so much that the others must all have noticed it. She had not seen such cards before. It was printed with the name and address of Alfred on it with his business address at the offices of Valery's company also.
"I shall come and see you soon," she promised.
To Arabella she also gave a kiss. She sensed a connection there. "It would be good to make your acquaintance more intimately one day if you ever feel you want to. You have beautiful skin." She sensed that there was a kindred spirit deep within this lady, but on the surface there was warmth and an easy comfort. Nonetheless Danella's direct invitation was obviously disturbing to her. Danella considered that she might be taking their acquaintance too far by offering this invitation, that she might be frightening Arabella away with the idea of female to female companionship, so restricted in Prancir. As an ambassador of her own culture of Pirion she began to feel again a new sense of mission with these people, to bring them to a fuller realisation of the possibilities of love.
There was no need to fear Arabella's reaction when it came. She smiled and said, "I know it is your way to be familiar with all, male and female, but it is not our way here. We do not need more than one lover or perhaps two and for most of us they need only be of the opposing sex." Tolerance and gentle refusal. "However I would like you to be my friend."
"I understand," Danella accepted. "I am sure I will see you again soon."
The four proceeded down the lighted staircase past candles and mirrors in which they could see themselves. Danella was arm in arm with Valery. She offered her other arm to Mireau, but he declined. "It would not look good here," he whispered to her. "You are with Valery for the moment." She would have liked to have had both handsome men flanking her, supporting her at this late hour of the evening.
She felt the weariness of a long day which had begun by making love to Mireau and would end with at least one tryst with Valery, and she knew not what else at this time. ,The evening had been one full of conversation in which she, the stranger, had been the centre of attention for much of the time. She had found out many things about this group of people who, had proved to be far more interesting than she had expected from the Prancirians she had met before in Dumis. These were 'modern' people, flexible in their attitude to life, well educated. The men were skilled in the professions they had chosen, although neither Arabella nor Jeanette had mentioned anything about work, and she suspected they were wealthy ladies of leisure. Arabella seemed close to Philippe and indeed the two had left before them arm in arm. Danella recognised that if she were to realise her intention to seduce Philippe she might be seen as a competitor by Arabella but she determined to achieve her goal sensitively in such a way that the lady would not become her rival. Danella felt renewed energy when she considered the sexual activity which was soon to commence. In sexual relaxation the body lost the tensions of the day and was encouraged to throw off lethargy in the demands of a higher motivation. Her body would again become radiant, pulsing with energy and hunger, in deep affectionate harmony with partner or partners.
"Why not take Jeanette's arm," she whispered to Mireau. "She needs an escort as we go, indeed why not see if you can make love to her while I am with Valery. Do you not admire her beauty."
"Of course she is beautiful, but it is you I want," he whispered back. But he did oblige her by moving back to Jeanette who was just behind and engaging her in conversation. As they came down the last flight of stairs Danella saw in the mirror which faced them that Mireau had offered his arm to Jeanette and she had taken it. She hoped they would be persuaded to engage with each other tonight for they would both be made happier by it.
The entrance to the grand building which they left was a wide lobby with doors which were held open by paid smartly blue coated, hatted male attendants. There appeared to be a short queue for the carriages as they came out onto the pavement in the cool darkness. However, she soon realised that, as with many previous such engagements with Ravelleon and with Mireau, it was the carriages who queued for longer than the privileged wealthy people. When the three or so immediately before the doors were filled they disappeared into the night down the avenue and into the streets beyond, their place soon filled by the next carriages. Very soon they found themselves in a carriage and heading back to Valery's house in the city. It apparently lay in a suburb not too far away from the centre. He used it as his 'town' house.
Even Valery seemed quiet now as they sped through emptying streets past shops and offices deserted in the night and further past the homes of employees who must be in their beds now so that they might face another working day tomorrow. Danella sat sandwiched between Valery and Mireau. Jeanette sat next to Mireau on the other side of him. She lost no time in placing her left arm around Valery, who never had taken his arm away from her waist, until they sat. Gently he laid his arm around her shoulder. She felt the need to include Mireau in her embrace. His proximity would allow no other course. She pushed her arm around his back and warmly cuddled him into her. He was awkward but he enjoyed her touch she knew. She placed her left hand further down Valery's solid torso feeling for the belt in his trousers and tunnelling under it onto his flank reaching for his penis again, although she could hardly reach it. She sought this time, to make no secret of the tenderness she felt, unlike before. Mireau was no stranger to her. Valery was in a state of excitement, which had rendered him momentarily speechless. He was surely not merely tired. He quivered as she found his penis and began to slowly massage it and his testicles. She would have been tempted to reveal him to the others by unbuttoning him, but she expected it was not far now and this was not the time.
As she felt Valery squeeze her around the waist she turned her head to Mireau. "Why don't you put your arm round Jeanette?" she suggested, "I am sure she would like it, wouldn't you not Jeanette." This was embarrassing behaviour in Prancir. She had leaned that much already here, but these friends had been with her all evening and knew where she came from and what she believed. There was no need for much more talk. It was the time to show something of her true self before Mireau and Jeanette could rush off to their separate rooms. They need not follow her advice but she wanted to push them a little, to give them a chance to become more intimate.
Neither Jeanette or Mireau responded immediately. There was a giggle from Jeanette which told Danella that the lady could be swayed. The idea was something which had already occurred to her. She had flirted with and won men over before. This situation was unusual because it was more public. She probably feared the rejection of Mireau because he was handsome, but she should have known she had no reason to fear. Unlike the Priestesses and women of Pirion she had not known enough men closely to be certain of herself although Danella suspected she had experienced a number of wild and fulfilling experiences with a number of men over some years. She was more confident and probably more intelligent than most Prancirian women but she had a long way to go before she would be able to view her powers in the way that a Priestess or any woman of Pirion could.
Mireau said, "Danella, not now, I want you later. You must understand Jeanette. It is not that I do not find you attractive. You are a very attractive lady, but I am already involved."
Valery laughed, not cruelly, "with a woman who believes in sharing her love and is about to make love to me, I hope." Danella gripped his penis more tightly in response, as if to acknowledge his statement. It caused further hardening of his penis. Jeanette also laughed dryly. Danella was not quite sure whether this signalled approval of Valery's logic and criticism of Mireau's hypocrisy, or merely amusement at the strangeness of the situation. The lady did seem both exited and slightly unhinged by the situation, as if she could not believe it was real, and felt her own part in it to be absurd.
"I did not say I wanted you," said Jeanette bravely, directing her words at Mireau, "but I would not object if you have any inclination to do that. I would not invite you any further than that, but for our mutual comfort while these other two ignore us, just so we do not feel too lonely, you may place your arm around me if you like." Mireau said nothing. He had already explained his refusal but it was clear to Danella that he must find the lady attractive.
"I think the lady would like you to put your arm around her" said Valery.
"So do I" said Danella, "and whatever else you may wish to do with her must be up to the both of you. We will not intervene unless you wish to join with us in the same room or the same bed."
Mireau continued to hesitate but was caught between the principles of his desire for Danella and his desire not to be rude to a lady whom he did find powerfully attractive. He was far too much of a gentleman to leave her rejected when she had made it so plain that she offered at least the comfort of a cuddle. Not fully knowing what he was doing Mireau acquiesced. "Lady I should feel rude if I ignored your warm charm and your beauty. I would of course be very moved to hold you. He took her into his arms, she leaning comfortably against him as he did so. Danella kept her right hand behind him, squeezing his buttocks gently as he took the lady into his arms, while Valery leaned to kiss Danella's lips.
The carriage had arrived at Valery's Dumis house. The occupants of the carriage knew it only because the motion of the carriage had ceased and the clopping of the horses. Lost in the worlds of love Valery wheezed contentedly, his penis hidden from the view of the other two occupants of the carriage by Danella's head as she took him, in her mouth, at last performing the act of service she had desired to earlier in the evening. She had held back then because of the nature of Dumisian society, but now there was little to stop her. She had no desire to protect her lover Mireau and her new friend Jeanette from the pleasure of watching her perform. She intended to encourage them to partake of the shameless joy of life as she did. They would soon learn to revel in the fullest sexual pleasures and perhaps spread the pleasure to other friends and lovers. A revolution of sexual love could then proceed across Prancir and through the many boundaries of Vanmar proclaiming the return of the Goddess and her love throughout the world.
She realised now, that was taking the war the Vanmarians had started into their own lands. It was the only way she could fight back. Perhaps it was the only way Pirion could fight back. Its soldiers were not strong enough on their own. A revolution to bring the Goddess's love into Vanmar was the way the world, Pirionite and Vanmarian alike could be released from the bonds of war, of fear, of economic slavery and delivered into a new one of sensuality and taste, of simple pleasures and shared ecstasy.
Jeanette and Mireau too appeared to be locked into an embrace. Jeanette, at heart a woman who loved the flesh of any handsome man, had taken the lead. As soon as Mireau had reached out to take her in his arms she had turned on the taps of her own overflowing passions. Nuzzling her face up to his she let him feel her hot breath. Her eyes ravaged his as her hands searched his clothing and her tongue invaded his mouth. Faced with such a fearless attack there was no appropriate defence for a warm blooded man. He found that he could still be excited by a woman who was not Danella the priestess. To have resisted would have been to ignore beauty, and to ignore her daring, would have been to insult her. They kissed in the way often ascribed to Prancir, their tongues deeply searching each other's inner mouths, lapping each other's juices and entwining. His hands felt her corset's bounds under the dress and caressed her arms as her shawl fell down. Then boldly he rested his face momentarily on her bare chest licking the top of her breasts hungrily above the dress before returning to her mouth.
There was a rude clatter as the door to the carriage opened and the carriage driver peered in. "We have arrived sir." He had been told that their destination was Valery's home, but he would have no idea of Valery's importance. While his name was famous among the well educated and newspaper readers a carriage driver was less likely to be aware of him. Certainly his face was not well known. Only the faces of President, the Prime Minister and a handful of ministers were well known among the people. Few artists had ever attempted to paint or draw him and few photographs of him were to be seen.
"This is the right place I believe. Oh I am sorry," he petered out as he realised the slight state of undress Valery was in and the reason why Danella was knelt on the carriage floor with her head in Valery's lap and her corset untied. The lipstick on her lips was smeared as she raised her head and smiled at the driver, Valery's penis flopping forwards as she let go. After that Jeanette and Mireau's embrace was hardly noticed, as he backed away and stood up next to the carriage so that he could not see.
"When you are ready of course," he said, quickly composed after the surprise which had flashed across his face.
"Just one minute," said Valery, sounding flushed and unready.
Danella crouched and alighted from the carriage without bothering to adjust her dress and corset. While she might care to observe the Prancirian society during the day or in the social meeting places of the evening she was in no hurry to conceal her activities from a lone carriage driver at night. Valery was a little more concerned, perhaps because he had grown up in the restrictions of Vanmar and they were second nature to him unless he was in the mood to rebel. Mireau came out next, with Jeanette behind him. Neither had attained a state of undress, despite the passion of their first real acquaintance. Then Valery stepped down, adjusted as if nothing had happened, his normal composure returned. Saying nothing of what the driver had seen and with no indication that anything unusual or amiss had occurred he said, "Thank you for your services. What a good night it is."
"It is indeed", replied the carriage driver in the well trodden language of business. "Will you be requiring any further journeys tonight? I can wait if you wish." He nodded towards Valery's friends as if to suggest that it was not usual for two couples to live in one house and perhaps the other couple would need to be taken to their home. However there was no predicting the whims of the wealthy. They had large houses which would amply house many ordinary families in addition to their servants. They certainly had the room to house visitors and friends, even if it were slightly strange.
"No man. They are my guests tonight. None of us will be leaving here tonight. Here is my payment for your kind service, and a little more for your family."
The man thanked him respectfully, a little subserviently, Danella thought. To the ordinary people of Vanmar money was a very desirable object. It seemed to provide the whole meaning to their lives, certainly to their choice of occupations, although many it seemed did not choose occupations but became what their fathers or mothers had been before them. The man's subservience led her to suspect either that he was poor and needed the money badly or that he had been given more than he expected and wished to express that his loyalty had now been bought. The man who had been generous once might be generous again. As the driver climbed back onto his seat and exhorted his horses to canter the four proceeded into Valery's garden between exotic shrubs and into the wide door which he opened with his key.
"Are the servants asleep?" asked Jeanette.
"They are, but we will not wake them. Their rooms are below".
"Valery how much did you pay the man?" asked Danella. She was still trying to understand the value of money in Prancir. "I paid him 4 prancils and a tip of 2," he replied.
"That seems a high tip. It is nearly as much as he charged," she commented. He confirmed her suspicion that Valery was being more generous than usual in order to keep the man quiet about the feast she had begun to make of Valery's penis.
"That was quick thinking," commented Mireau. "He might not know who you are but he knows where you live."
"It is not important" said Valery, gesturing with his free hand "A little notoriety would do me no harm. I already have some and it has done me much good. Even a newspaper would not be able to print what that man saw, so why worry."
"But a pamphlet might," chided Jeanette.
"No, not even one of those."
"It is the stories they might invent which should worry you," she said.
"Perhaps," he admitted, "But who cares, I am not married"
"Not at the moment but you may choose to soon. Even if you do not need a regular wife, would you not like some children one day," Jeanette persisted. "I already have some children," he said without any caution.
Jeanette seemed a little shocked, "You already have children?" Her flirtatious air disappeared as she considered the ramifications.
"You have not say anything about these. Do they live with you?" asked Danella interested.
"No they live with their mothers and most of them have fathers who know nothing of me."
"You are foolish," she said Jeanette, "Your lovers will be angry at your disloyalty."
"Are you angry that I have not asked you to marry me?" countered Valery.
"No, but I am different from many other women. Like you I suppose I do not wish to be tied," she said.
"Perhaps some of them did not wish to be married either."
"Perhaps," she said, "but I am sure in that case they did not wish to be left with child." "In some cases they did not wish it, but they should have been more careful. There are methods of prevention you know."
"Is that not your responsibility?" she asked.
"It is theirs also," he said. "I am a wealthy man. When I am aware of my children being born I contact the woman and I provide her with what she may need in the way of funds."
"So how many children do you have?" asked Danella. She was amused and fascinated by Jeanette's reaction to the revelation. She wondered whether it was jealousy and concluded that it was not. She seemed to consider Valery to be irresponsible which Danella could understand. In Pirion men and women who wanted to raise children entered a responsibility towards the child of their coupling and usually spent the years of the child's upbringing living in the same house and giving the loving attention of both parents to the child. There were relatives, other close lovers, extra partners of each parent, friends, neighbours and teachers who all took their share in the raising of the child. Even if the parents were to die young there were always plenty of other supporters around to help raise the children. In Vanmar it was not the same. While there were often relatives and even sometimes friends willing to take on responsibilities, many children would not be so lucky. Danella could understand that Valery's gifts of money would help the mothers to raise the child in a society where money was so fundamental to everything. Valery was like the parent in Pirion who might choose to live with a different partner, perhaps while his female partner took another. But in Pirion the child would thereby win another loving father, and not lose the first who would not normally keep his connection with the child. In Vanmar Valery was not allowed to keep a proper connection with his children. The most he could hope to do unless the mother wished him to be known to her new family was to send money to help the mother raise the child. Vanmar's strange social rules prevented him from being the father he might have liked to have been.
"I have brought you all here not for a discussion about my children, but for matters a little more urgent to me. We can talk about my children on some other occasion," said Valery. "Danella shall we continue where we left off."
"Yes I am ready. I have spent too long talking and need some real pleasure. Mireau, Jeanette if you would care to join us you are welcome at any time, immediately or later. If you would like you can make love in the same room. It is more enjoyable to be in company than to be only two."
"I think we will decline your offer," replied Mireau, still unwilling to consider behaviour so alien to the Vanmarian way. His arm however was around Jeanette's waist. It was obvious that he did intend to make love to her.
"Where can we go?" asked Jeanette.
"You know the house," replied Valery. "Pick any room you would like. Danella and I will take my room".
Jeanette led her new lover up the wide staircase and towards the spare bedrooms. Valery and Danella then followed them turning to the left where Valery's master bedroom was. "Don't close the door," she said. "Maybe they will hear us if they come onto the corridor and they may be persuaded to join us." For Valery it was unusual to make love and not try to keep it behind closed doors. His mistresses usually required secrecy from him but he was happy to accede to Danella's request. A lively passion was upon him and he wanted to break all the restrictions which bound them all.
Soon Danella had reattached her mouth to his penis and they were both unclothed. Licking his glans and then taking the large penis deep into her mouth, even into her throat she brought irresistible sensations to him. He turned her so that he might lick at her 'privates', something he had found gave great pleasure to his mistresses. She cried out in between the oral penetrations of his penis as she bucked in orgasm. Then she mounted him, taking his seed deep into her deeper recess as she arched her body upon him. When he seemed ready she unseated herself from his penis and fell forward onto the bed on all fours, sticking her shapely behind outwards in invitation to penetrate. He stood behind her and inserted himself, pounding wildly as she juddered onto him, pounding herself back onto him as much as he pounded into her, taking care not to lose his penis. Then he clutched at her and like an animal tore into her with energetic addiction. She screamed in ecstasy and his grunts merged into hers as he unloaded his juices deeply into her. When he withdrew it she gobbled the remaining traces from his stick while he remained hard. Then he bent to her and using mouth and fingers brought her to the long ecstasy she had hungered for all evening.
When she was finished they lay in each others arms and talked intermittently.