10:12 A.M
Strolling through the park, 18 year old Britney Leanne Foxx enjoyed the bright sunny day.
Wearing bright yellow stretchy pants that ended at her calves, and a white tank that exposed her belly button and firm abs, she felt alive.
Forsaking panties her pussy had a well defined camel toe expressing through her leggings. A thin white bra kept her breasts hidden. Yet thin enough to affirm that the breeze was exciting her nipples.
Dark sunglasses, sandals, and a yellow ponytail band finished off her attire.
Wandering she noted children playing on swings and merry-go-rounds. Still the park was never ending and there was plenty of wide open spaces to avoid discovery.
As she continued on the sidewalk before her she heard a noise coming from behind. On a skateboard rolled her brother's friend, 18 year old, "Eddie Styles" aka merely Styles.
"There you are." She grinned.
"Sorry. My Dad's weekend with me. Had to help him load up the truck for softball practice."
"Don't you want to go watch him play?"
"We can for awhile. I can show you off."
"You can tell him I'm your girlfriend if you want." She teases.
"I like that idea. Wanna go steady?"
"Noooooooooo! But, I'll play along. I can't act too sexy though. The team might get jealous."
He admires her ass. The stretchy pants hugged her every curve dipping deep within her butt crack.
"Hell my Dad might whistle at that ass." He chuckles.
"Would that upset you?"
"No. Might be funny. Bunch of guys my dad's age though. Probably no one is under 35 and up." He scratches his head.
"That's okay. I love teasing older men." She wiggles her eyebrows.
He found that strange.
"For somebody who put up a fight about losing a bet, you sure seem eager to be slutty these days."
"Blame my dufus brother. I've always loved sex but on my own terms. Now that I've agreed to get through this bet it's opened my eyes to a new world. Being slutty is kind of fun."
"Awesomeness! I'm glad. I have tons of ideas." He chuckles.
"Do tell." She awaits with zest.
Eddie pulls a small back pack from his shoulders and unzips it. He reaches inside and pulls out a dog collar and a long leash. He grins dangling it in front of her.
"Ohhh, so now you think I'm a dog?" She smirks with sparkling eyes.
"Never! But, my mom and dad used to be into all that freaky stuff. I thought maybe we could steal a few ideas from them."
She picks up the collar and examines it. It was thick leather and had spiked studs embedded within.
"I say we do this after the softball practice. Your dad might ask questions." She suggests.
He points out dramatically, "Or, He might pat me on the back and yell, THAT'S MY BOY!"
She smiles at his playfulness, "The other players might freak out and put your dad on the spot. Don't you think?"
"Maybe. I know most of the guys though. All they do is talk about sex and getting drunk. I doubt it would be a shock. If anything it will get them talking."
"This is part of your 48 hours to control me. I guess I have no say in this. I'll obey if that's what you really want to do."
"I'll hold off on the leash until later. I'll get a feel of the team before I bring it out."
She sighs, "Good call. I'm not saying I don't like the idea of you leading me on a leash." She offers a brilliant smile before sticking her tongue out at him.
"Man! I'm glad your brother invited us over the other day. You are the coolest."
"Sexiest. Sluttiest." She adds.
"How can you not be the most popular girl in school?" He wonders.
"Maybe because I never showed off like I have lately. I mean, I talk to a lot of guys but I still kept things casual. I think after yesterday though I might find it harder to remain what others used to think of me."
"That's for sure. You were the talk of the halls at school."
"Good or bad?" She giggles biting a nail.
Styles laughs out of irony, "Both. Good with the guys and most girls. But, we both know there are the bible crowd. Heck, I even heard a few of them sinning out loud."
"I'll convert them to the dark side." She grins evilly.
"Let's get going. Dad's practice is on the other side of that batch of trees." He motions with his chin while putting the leash back in his bag.
Gathering up his skateboard they begin walking across a long stretch of grass to reach the row of trees. A short path through the shrubbery around them they reached the ball diamond.
They stop to survey the situation.
"That's my dad over there wearing the "Cubs" t-shirt and ball cap."
"Wow! He's cute." She giggles.
"Yeah, yeah." Eddie rolls his eyes.
"Seven guys. I thought there were nine positions." She frowns.
"Either running late or can't make it. Who cares."
"There's two of us. We can offer to be the other players."
He scowls, "I'm not into baseball."
"Neither am I. But this could be fun. Me wiggling all around the bases. Them fumbling the ball just to watch my ass. I could remove my bra and put it in your bag." She laughs.
"Let's not be obvious too soon. Let's work up to things. Come on." He sits his bag and board down in the grass and takes her hand. She grins at his holding hands idea.
Walking up to the dugout Eddie waves at his dad at first base. His dad tilted his hat up and offered a puzzled grin.
The pitcher spotted them and stopped his throw to look over at Eddie's dad, "Gary".
"Yo, Gary? You need a minute?"
Gary Styles jogs over to the dugout.
"Who is this? My son with a girl? I thought you were gay." He teases his boy.
Before Eddie could reply Brit jumps in with, "CERTAINLY NOT GAY."
Gary is taken back by her statement watching her hug his sons arm.
"Well that settles that. Who have we here?" Gary probes.
"This is Britney. My friend Lance's older sister. She's 18."
"Girlfriend or friend?" He chuckles.
She offers a hiss of excitement, "We shall see."
Eddie perks up fighting a blush. He liked this situation.
"Don't embarrass me Dad."
"That's what Dad's are for. Nice meeting you Britney. At least I know my son knows how to pick 'em. You're quite a looker."
She feigns a blush of her own, "Awww! Thank you, Gary. I notice your team only has seven players."
He rubs the back of his neck, "Couple guys were too hung over to make it. Happens to the best of us."
"Can we watch you play?" She smiles devilishly at him.
In his perverted mind Gary wondered the same of watching her play. With herself that is. He stammers looking obvious of his thought. She caught on instantly.
Trying to keep it cool Gary puckers, "Sure. Have a seat. We're just getting warmed up. I'll introduce you to everyone in a bit."
He glances over her body just before turning away to return to first base.
Brit pulls Eddie into the dugout and sits with him on the bench.
"Your dad stripped me with his eyes. Did you notice?" She giggles.
"Yeah. Obvious as hell." He frowns.
"Did you not want this to happen?" She creases her brow.
"I'm just trying to keep us from looking too obvious that you're teasing. So far you haven't done anything and the whole bunch is watching us right now."
"Good." She pecks him on the cheek shocking him.
He grins at her just as she jumps up and sits in his lap sideways and wraps her hands around his neck. She hugs him tightly then looks back at the players. She wanted Eddie to feel a part of this was about him.
The batter kept missing the pitch, looking back at them after every swing. The catcher in turn bellowed, "The field is that way, Carlos."
Everyone chuckled including Carlos. Finally, the Hispanic gent hit the ball which fouled out backwards over the dugout fence. As they all looked behind them Brit leaped up and raced away. The entire seven watched her wiggle around the dugout and retrieve the ball in the grass. She made certain to bend over with her ass facing them. She swivels in her step raising the ball over her head to yell out, "I got it."
Running back around the fence she sprints out to the pitching mound to hand it to the pitcher.
"Here's your balls. I mean ball." She giggles faking another blush.
The pitcher smirked, "My balls were in your hand. My ball I mean. Thanks kid."
She lifts her sunglasses and glares at him, "Do I really look like a kid?"
Turning away she wiggles even harder back toward the dugout. She rejoins Eddie who shook his head. The pitcher literally repositioned his crouch in front of everybody.
"There's one erection." She chuckles leaning on Eddie's arm.
The team continue to play to the best of their ability for ten minutes. Brit in her boredom got up and paced the dugout. Eddie joined her by leaning with his fingers gripping the mesh fence.
"Wanna leave?" He offers.
"No. I want to terrorize these guys." She pauses frustrated.
His eyes flared up, "Really that important?"
"Yes! I feel like they're losing interest." She frowns, "I can't have that."
She leaves Eddie and steps from the dugout and waits until there was a lull in their activity. She approaches the Catcher.
"Can I play? I've never really tried. It looks fun."
The Catcher stands up stretching and looks to the Batter, "Let her hit a couple, Pete."
The man hands her his bat and steps back motioning her to get into position. He watches her bend her knees and lightly crouch. Her ass was beautiful he thought.
"Hold on." Pete spoke, "You have to choke higher on the bat. Part your feet more."
"Show me." She smiles at him slyly.
He gets behind her and leans around her body to guide her palms for a better grip on the bat. Her ass rubs right against his crotch. Instant erection. She wiggled gently over it acting as if getting into a better stance.
Pete looks at the Catcher and expresses a look of, "Oh Hell Yeah!"
Nodding the Catcher called out, "Give her something to hit, Harlan."
"Just don't hit me." She joked wiggling against Pete even harder.
Harlan lobbed a low inside ball which forced her to bend over more and almost stumble forward. Pete grabs her hips to keep her from toppling.
She whines and taps her bat on the ground getting back into position. Pete steps away this time. As Harlan tossed another pitch Brit swings and loses balance falling directly into the Catcher's arms. His arms surrounded her, accidently cupping her right breast with the hand without his mitt. She laughs and looks up at his mask to see him grinning.
"You caught me." She hisses and pats his hand over her tit.
"Sorry about that." He grit his teeth.
"All part of the game right?" She grinned and pulled herself up.
Again she readies herself for a pitch. This time she manages to hit the ball in a line drive toward third base. She stands there in awe.
"Run to first base." The Catcher yells up at her. She jumps and bursts into a run toward Eddie's dad. He stared at her chest lightly bouncing on her way toward him. She laughed the whole journey.
Third basemen lobbed the ball to the Pitcher Harlan who covered second base. He didn't rush in getting her out. He enjoyed her butts wiggle.
At First base Gary stood in her way. He admired her eyes watching him. She was racing hard and literally had no chance of stopping. He covered his base waiting for the ball to be thrown at him. Yet his attention wavered. As Harlan threw the ball Brit slams into Gary making him ignore the ball that flew past him. She huffed up at him as her chest crushed against his.
"You missed the ball, Mister." She giggles stomping on the base.
The Catcher "Dale" yells, "Run to Second."
Brit drops her jaw and peels from Gary to run for another base. This made Gary decide to chase the ball before watching her butt cheeks bounce toward Harlan.
Gary threw the ball back to Harlan who caught it just as she set foot on the base.
"Not bad, Kid."
Again Brit raises her shades, "For my being a kid you sure do drool a lot."
"Cute kid. What can I say?"
"Do you always get a hard on over kids?" She huffs.
"Only those with bodies like yours."
"Pervert." She wags her tongue at him.
"Tease." He returns.
"I'm not wearing panties." She flips him off.
"We all noticed that right off Kid."
"I bet you did. Which did you notice first? My pants up my ass or my camel toe?"
"Toe. Very nice." He looks down at it.
"Thanks Grandpa." She knocks the ball from his glove then takes off running toward Third base. Basemen "Steve" watches her approach as Harlan chases her with the ball. He gets into position to catch the ball. Harlan tosses it to him stopping her cold and looks back at Harlan behind her. The ball gets tossed back and forth between them making her attempt both directions. Finally she's caught between them literally.
"No fair. A threesome. What would Eddie think?" She chuckles.
Harlan grimaces, "Think we care? Ditch Gary's boy and lets hang out."
"I can't ditch him. Sorry. Keep trying though." She winks.
Steve hears her playfulness and adds, "Goddamn you're a little hottie."
She grins sheepishly, "Too hot for you to handle."
"Doubt that Sweetheart." Steve raises a brow.
She walks around him and steps on Third base.
"I'm safe. Neither of you touched me." She mocks.
"Yet." Harlan chuckles.
"I might steal home."
"Go ahead I'll give you a head start." Steve motions.
"Stop looking at my ass." She sticks out her tongue.
He again motions her to run.
She darts off as Steve gives chase. Dale the Catcher stands ready as she bolts into his arms.
"Save me!" She giggles making him drop the ball.
She sneaks around him and jumps on the home plate.
"SAFE!" She yells jumping up and down.
The team gathers around chuckling. Eddie's dad Gary included.
"Nicely done." Gary puckers looking back at his son in the dugout.
She wiggles and grips the band of her stretchy pants tugging them up, "I can't keep my pants on."
Harlan pats Gary on the back, "We could sure use a beer, Gary."
Gary raises an eye brow then leers back at Eddie.
"Hey Son? Run over to Harlan's truck and bring us that twelve pack on ice."
Eddie gets up and looks to Brit who motions him to go on ahead. He groans and heads off through the parking lot.
Harlan then looks over to Brit, "Show us that ass."
Her jaw drops and she eyes Gary who smirks, "Go for it."
Britney bites her lower lip then turns peeling her yellow pants down over her butt. She lets each of the men rub her cheeks.
"Damn that's sweet." Pete expels.
Gary took his turn then slaps her left cheek making her squeal.
"Liked that didn't you?" Gary glares.
She looks at Eddie in the distance then back toward Gary.
"Yes."
"Want more of that?"
She nibbles her index fingernail.
"Yes."
"From all of us?" Harlan grunts.
She shivers at them with widened eyes.
"Maybe."
Dale removes his mask then leans over and licks her ass.
"YES!" She shudders.
Gary watches his son disappear behind their cars.
"Take this to the dugout. I'll get rid of my Boy."
Brit bulges her eyes, "NO! Let him stay. I want him to watch."
The guys grit their teeth in unison. It was an awkward moment.
She pulls her pants up and turns to Gary.
"Eddie knows I'm wild. He's seen me with others before. He wants to be like you. When you dominated your wife."
"He told you that?" Gary squints.
"Yes. I think you should teach him to be a dominant male. I'll let you use me to teach him. He even has a collar and leash in his back pack he wants me to wear later. I want to serve him. But, in the meantime I can serve you." She winks at Gary, "SIR!"
Harlan and Carlos hiss.
"If you don't let us fuck this little slut I'm gonna kill you Styles." Harlan grunts.
She giggles and stares at Gary without blinking.
"You want fucked?"
She smirks, "Would you have asked your wife that?"
"Nope. I'd have made her."
She remains smiling.
"Take the whore into the dugout. Strip the bitch." He grips her by the throat, "While I talk to Eddie I expect your mouth around Harlan's cock here. Do you hear me Skank?"
She nods, "Loud and clear. SIR!"
Harlan and Pete grab her arms and escort her brusquely to the mesh enclosure. Once there Carlos yanks her pants to her ankles, forcing her to step out of them.
Steve snatches her glasses from her forehead and peels her shirt up over her head. He then removed her bra with ease.
She stood there as the men all lined up on the bench in a row with their pants down and dicks in hand.
Brit marveled at the six before her, "Whoa!"
"Get over here and suck my cock." Harlan snapped.
She knelt in front of him and lowered her face to lick his sweaty balls all the way up to his crown. Once there she swallowed his dick forcing him to gasp and greedily look to his buddies.
"Goddamn she's got soft lips. Look up at me you sexy little cunt."
She does smiling with her eyes. She loved the old man's cock. It reminded her of her Father. Which made her extremely horny. She reached over next to Harlan and fondled Pete to keep him hard. She briefly scooted closer and let her mouth leave Harlan long enough to taste Pete's cock. Six good thrusts before she returned to Harlan.
During her seduction, Gary returned with Eddie after a tense talk. Eddie knew this was a day to remember. After listening to his father's brief praise and guidance Eddie played along as the novice Master.
Eddie observed Britney sucking dick like a trooper. He decided to be bold and journey into the dugout to stand over her. She noticed his arrival and removed her mouth to look up at him.
"Are you mad at me?" She appeared nervous.
"No. Dad told me what you said. I need you to do as he tells you."
"I want to do what you tell me." She shyly replies.
Eddie looks to his dad for guidance. Gary merely watches him with interest.
He suddenly opted for a bold move, surveying each of the awaiting men who were getting anxious.
"Suck every dick here. I think each of them should get to fuck you. BUT! You ride them. They each get five minutes. "
She smiles, "YAY!"
Without another second to waste she returns to sucking dick. Brit moves right down the line until the six men on the bench had their pleasure. As she ended her suck session she straddles Carlos and reaches under to guide his dick up inside her. She gasps at his girth before riding him. His mouth fed on her nipples causing her to squeal.
Again, right on down the line, Steve, Dale, Pete, Harlan, Craig, and Mark. She heard each of them cum at their own hands while riding the one next to them. It was exhilarating. After the last ride Gary nudges his son aside and snatches her by her hair and standing her up to face the mesh fence. He bends her over and makes her grip the fence with her fingers. Gary then tied her wrists to the fence with his shoelaces. Tightly.
Eddie stood amazed at his father's control.
Brit leered over at Eddie as Gary dropped his pants and stepped in to slide his cock into her. Thrusting rapidly he slapped her ass harshly. She let out a series of high pitch whines as she had a fierce orgasm at Gary's approach.
"Edddddddddddddieeeeeeeee! I love your dad's dick."
Gary looks over at his son.
"This is how you assert control. Restraint and take. Punish and reward. If you want her to obey without question then prove you won't take no for an answer."
Eddie nods as his dad grips her hair and yanks her head back. She turned red and cried out how much she loved Gary's roughness.
"You're going to serve my son whenever he commands. Whatever he orders. If you don't I'll make certain you do. Am I understood you little whore?"
Straining at his hair tugging she moans loudly, "Anything he orders. I swear."
"Until I feel my boys ready you obey ME. My buddies here are going to fuck you another time. As long as they want to. NEVER DENY ME."
She wheezes cumming again at his mad thrusts, "Oh my GOD! YES! Eddie? Please fuck me. Here, now!"
Eddie turns pale. He hadn't counted on that. Not in front of everyone. He was hardly ready to be that open. Instead he chooses to bark, "I'll fuck you when I'm damn good and ready. Once my dad's done I'm taking you for a walk. Leashed. Around the bases. On your hands and knees."
She exhales loudly, "I can't wait."
Gary nods his approval to his son. He then pulls out and peppers her ass with his jizz. Grunting for effect he leans over and unties her. He then roughly turns her around and grips her by the throat. Eye contact became intense. She suddenly admired Gary Styles.
Finally, without a word he throws her at Eddie. His son catching her from falling. Eddie in turn felt the need to keep his game going. He shoves her toward the dugout steps and up into the grass.
"Retrieve my bag and board. Go!"
She races awkwardly and gathers up his belongings. Returning with them she hands off his back pack.
"DOWN ON YOUR KNEES!" Eddie snaps with a swift response.
Pulling out the collar he attaches it to her throat and buckles it snugly. Then, he attaches the long cord leash.
Behind them Dale steps up and hands her his batting gloves and kneepads.
"She's too hot to get fucked up kneecaps. Keep her beautiful Eddie."
He nods and allows her to put them on. She was grateful.
"HEEL! Walk with me." Eddie hissed.
She did so pacing along on all fours as they moved from home plate all the way around the bases. By the end she was exhausted.
Eddie yanks her to her feet and grips both sides of her face to maintain eye contact.
"Thank the team."
She waves at each of them and hoarsely whispers, "Thank you. All."
Gary moves in beside them. He squeezes Eddie's shoulder.
"Never thought I'd see the day. I'm damn proud of you boy."
Eddie sneers at him, "I got this. I'll grant your command of her fucking the team one more time. After that it's MY CALL."
"At seventeen. If I see any sign of weakness in you I'm stealing her from you." Gary goads him.
"Like hell you will."
Gary glares at Britney and growls, "You heard me."
She stares wide eyed at their sudden rivalry. She hadn't counted on such a display. All she wanted to do was make Eddie happy for his 48 hours. Now she was entering into the world of bondage. She hated to admit it but Gary was incredible. Older men turned her on. Being a slut at someone else's orders had a spark to it. She shivered and darted her gaze back to Eddie.
Eddie shook his head, "You can't keep her. She's MINE."
His dad narrows his eyes, "For now. As I said, don't show me failure. You WON'T get her back."
Amazed Brit blew the hair dangling in front of her face as Eddie turned and drug her along behind him. He reaches the dugout and unhooks her leash.
"Get dressed. Return to my leash afterwards."
"Yes Sir." She scurries down into the pit and slips her pants, shirt, and shoes on. Seconds after she returns. All eyes on her she tilts her neck back for Eddie to attach the leash once more.
He then headed off with her through the trees. Once out of sight he could finally be himself.
"Holy Shit! You're freaking amazing Britney."
"Don't let your guard down Sir." She whispers softly.
"What?" He looked troubled by her response.
"Keep leading me. You know he's watching us. Besides I kind of like this. Can we roleplay this for the rest of your 48 hours?"
"Seriously? You really got into that?" He fidgets.
"God yes. That was incredible. Your dad is sexy as hell."
"Great. Now you have a crush on my dad. Where's that leave me?"
"In charge for another 46 hours. I want more of that. We need to practice. I want your dad to believe in you."
"What about his command of fucking his buddies again."
"I was in control of them. Next time they need to take control of me."
"They might as well rape you."
"As long as it's not too rough. They can rip my clothes off and force me into anything. I think you should order them to then protect me."
"Wow!" He stood in awe.
"Now let's go back to your house. I need a shower and you need to fuck me." She giggles, "I dare you to fuck me harder than your dad."
"I'm young. I know I can." He hisses.
"Call Lance and Evan. They wanted to hang out. But, I need to be home later. I have a date tonight. Not to mention my dad's home alone."
"Dang! You're insatiable."
"You guys brought this out of me. Now suffer." She laughs.
"Maybe I'll force you to stay my slave." He yanks the leash dragging her into his arms.
Face to face he kisses her on the lips.
"You do realize I just sucked six dicks. I hope they tasted as good to you as they did me." She wags her tongue at him.
"FUCK!" He spits at the ground while she giggles.
She then pulls him erect and stares into his eyes.
"I'm your slave for 46 more hours. After that I'm my own person. You're sweet Eddie but your dad drives me insane. Be like him I might consider."
Eddie huffs rolling his eyes.
"Whatever."
She smiles and drags him by the leash.
"Come along Mister Master."
Eddie frowned. He wanted to keep her.
He had to find a way.
Time to be a MAN!