Tory looked up from his book to see Carol standing in her doorway, wearing a worried frown and nothing else.
He rejoiced internally. The little test he had set up was working. He smiled and asked innocently, "Hey Carol, what's up?"
Carol didn't look him in the eye, fidgeting with her charm bracelet as she nervously said, "I j-just wanted to make sure everything is OK. I got up to my room after my shower, and you... well, I mean, normally we..." She still had trouble talking about their new daily ritual, but her body broadcast the direction of her thoughts, her nipples tightening and crinkling at whatever was running through her mind. "I just wanted to make sure nothing was wrong," she finished lamely.
"Nothing's wrong," said Tory lightly, leaning back in bed with his arms behind his head. "I just felt a little bad for pushing you around so much and making you suck my cock. I thought I would give you a break."
Carol pursed her lips and swiveled bashfully on one foot, making her firm tits sway temptingly. "Oh. Ummmm, I d-don't really... I don't really mind, Tory," she shamefully murmured, her face turning red. "I know you like it, and I want to make you happy, so, well... you can come to my room after my shower every day. I-if you want."
"That's really why you want to suck my cock every day?" teased Tory with raised eyebrows. "Because you love doing favors for me so much?"
"I, I..." stuttered the red-faced RA.
"If you're honest about what you want, maybe you'll get it, Miss Moehn," said Tory with a smirk.
Carol looked back and forth down the hall behind her with a frustrated, embarassed expression before leaning forward and whispering heatedly, "I fucking like it, ok? I like sucking your dick. It turns me on when you push me around a little. Is that what you wanted to hear? Now do you want my lips wrapped around your cock or do you want to keep playing games?"
Tory chuckled. "Oof, touchy today! Get in here then. Close the door behind you."
Carol, despite just admitting that his commands turned her on, grimaced as she obeyed, clicking the door shut behind her and climbing onto the bed. Her lovely breasts swayed beneath her and her wide hips wiggled with her movement as she crawled over to lay her head in Tory's lap.
Tory looked down with deep satisfaction as Carol's fingers, fumbling with needy haste, unzipped his jeans. In moments, she had tugged his jeans and boxers down his hips and slipped her soft lips around the head of Tory's cock, her tongue swirling and writhing, tasting every inch of him. Practice had already greatly improved her technique: Carol was well on her way to becoming an expert cocksucker.
Tory stared down into Carol's eyes. The passionate eye contact was one of his favorite parts of their sessions. But today, Carol's eyebrows furrowed and she refused to meet his gaze, even as she ran her tongue with slavish devotion up and down his cock. She was probably upset by Tory's teasing just now. Well, Carol was going to have to confront how much of a submissive slut she had become at some point.
Tory knew just what to do to make Carol forget her feelings of degradation and shame for a while. Tory rested his hands on the back of Carol's head, tangling his fingers through her soft curls. Now her icy blue eyes flashed up at him, still carrying the hurt from his teasing, but also lighting up with lust as she realized what he wanted. Tory just gently rested his hands for a moment, giving Carol a pleading grin.
Tory wanted to dominate Carol, but in this delicate moment where she felt a little hurt, he didn't want to push things too far. He waited, leaving the moment open for Carol to choose. After a moment of hesitation, Carol accepted Tory's offer, withdrawing her hands from his thighs. She held one hand behind her back and the other trailed down her body to play with her pussy. She looked up at him, her expression growing calm. Carol had submitted: her mouth was Tory's to dominate.
Tory began to move Carol's head up and down his cock, slowly at first, then with greater and greater speed, making wet, obscene noises as his cock plundered her sweet mouth. Carol's eyes closed, concentrating on the sensations of her degrading face-fuck while her hand worked steadily and firmly between her legs.
Tory and Carol had discovered that they were deeply sexually compatible, and Tory couldn't believe how amazing the past few weeks had been.
Of course, Carol's pussy was still strictly off-limits to anything other than his fingers. She had made that very clear. More than once. But other than that, Carol had made stunning progress in accepting a submissive sexual relationship with Tory. And the new sexual frontiers she was exploring with Tory had loosened her up around the other brothers as well. Carol was far less concerned with men seeing her pussy now that she routinely allowed Tory to finger her, and it seemed like she was more often naked than not around the house these days. Now that her lips and fingers were pleasuring Tory on a daily basis, a little over-the-pants rubbing of the other frat brothers didn't seem to be a big deal to her anymore to her either. She had become so skilled at rubbing and manipulating cocks through fabric that she could make the brothers cum in minutes, even through denim.
But the other brothers were getting restless. Adam in particular seemed to be in a foul mood over the apparently stalled progress: no one else but Ryan suspected how far Tory had gotten with Carol.
It would be time to take things to the next level soon, thought Tory as he began thrusting his cock faster and deeper into Carol's submissive mouth.
Not just for the boys in general, but for their private sessions as well.
...
"Handjobs. Maybe blowjobs too," said Adam bluntly, his bright green eyes holding Tory in a flat glare. "It's the obvious next step."
Tory kept his face carefully blank. Did Adam suspect something? The tall, dark frat brother seemed like he had a chip on his shoulder lately. But, no matter how pissy Adam got, Tory wasn't ready to extend his special privileges to the rest of the boys. Not quite yet.
"I have a better idea," said Tory confidently. "Now that Carol has lost control of the house, we can finally throw a big party, right?"
Adam narrowed his eyes but looked reluctantly intrigued. "Right. So what?"
"Well, right now, Carol has become a submissive slut, but only while she's here at the house, right? When she goes out to classes and stuff, she is still the same old boring Carol. What good is having a woman as a pet if you can't show her off?" asked Tory in his best salesman voice.
"You're saying..." said Adam, the corners of his lips quirking up despite himself.
"Uh-huh. It's about time that little Miss Moehn graduated from private slut to public slut. And I think Halloween is the perfect opportunity."
...
When she got the divine message this time, Carol practically jumped up and down in excitement. Her energy transfer mission had been pleasurable, and she had learned a lot about herself and her femininity, but it could be embarassing at times to submit to the eyes and hands of an entire house of men. This new mission promised to be much more empowering.
"Chosen one. You shall embody Venus, the Goddess of Love, on Samhain, the most sacred night of the year. Bring love to this crude and barbaric place." The image showed a woman with long flowing hair, surrounded by hearts.
A Goddess. Carol could picture it clearly: descending the stairs to the Halloween party the boys were planning, glowing, regal, and finally respected as the Goddess she was.
Carol was a huge fan of ancient mythology. She had always believed that the ancients knew secrets far deeper and truer than those of modern religions. It was true that Carol had never identified with Venus in the past: after all, she had shunned all sexual activity for so long, and sex was Venus's domain. But embodying the Goddess of love made total sense considering the goals of the divine in this sacred place. Who better to use the power of female sexuality to purify the polluting male energy?
What would she wear? Everyone would be in costume, so anything she chose would fit in easily. Well, roses were a symbol of Venus, so she could easily thread some of those through her hair.
As for the rest, she could wear a toga. That would definitely give the impression of a Roman God... Something felt a little off about that, but Carol didn't worry too much about it. She had plenty of time to figure out the exact details of her costume next week.
Carol was so excited to become the Goddess of love that a wicked idea occurred to her. She looked down with speculative eyes and ran her fingers through her short-trimmed pubic hair. She had always kept everything neat and tidy down there, even before she had started showing off her body. But recently Ryan had been half-jokingly suggesting that she should get a little more... artistic.
The idea suddenly appealed to her. A cute little secret beneath her toga that would really mark her as the Goddess of love. Why not? It was her body. It would help get her in the mood, and suddenly the idea of shaping her pubic hair that way felt fun and kinky in the best possible way.
With an excited grin, Carol retrieved her razor and shaving gel and began shaping the first part of her costume in the mirror.
...
Adam looked on with a wolfish grin as the power tool buzzed and sprayed sawdust. With a clatter, a perfectly circular piece of wood fell to the garage floor.
"There we go..." said Dave with satisfaction, running his fingers around the smooth hole cut through the door. "Now I just need to make a little cover for this and boom. We've got ourselves a gloryhole."
"Perfect," said Adam smugly, "Thanks man. I'll make sure you get a good place in line when we break this in at the party." Adam still hadn't forgotten the way Dave had insulted him a few weeks ago, but he has to admit that the dull ox had his uses.
Dave laughed. "Break this in? I thought this was a joke, dude. All the sorority girls at the party will look at us like scum if we even suggest it. Normal girls don't use gloryholes. Just, like, swinging couples and total sluts."
"Well, it's a good thing our frat has a house slut, then," said Adam, walking forward to survey Dave's handiwork.
Dave snorted, "Ok, fair point. But everybody knows Carol doesn't do mouth stuff."
"Yet," said Adam darkly, checking the edge of the hole for splinters.
Tory thought he was so clever. So sneaky. Adam had caught on almost from the start. That selfish prick thought he could conquer Carol and claim her all for himself. Adam would show him that their pet slut was public property.
"Ok, ok Mr. Ambitious," said Dave, chuckling in amusement. He selected some tools to make a cover for the obvious hole in the door on his workbench. "I mean, I know Carol is a slut, but you really think she would use a gloryhole in public with an entire party watching?"
"Yeah," said Adam, his fierce green eyes rising from the gloryhole to stare at Dave, "That's exactly what I think."
...
Carol stared at herself in the mirror. Her hair was gorgeous tonight: long flowing brunette curls with roses pinned artfully throughout.
She also had on a brilliant white toga, just short enough to give a little peek of her thighs. The costume was sexy and fashionable enough to blend in with whatever the sorority girls would be wearing. People wouldn't even know that this was no mere costume: Carol would be channeling and acting as an earthly avatar of Venus herself.
So why was Carol so dissatisfied with how she looked?
"Love the hair."
Carol whirled to see Tory behind her, leaning in her door frame with a cool, weighing expression on his face.
"And the outfit?" prompted Carol, spinning a little to show off her flowy white garment.
Tory sighed, grimaced, and said, "Honestly, I feel like the outfit is a bit of a copout."
Carol's smile froze and slid off her face. "What? What do you mean?"
Tory shook his head. "Come on Carol. I thought you were supposed to be the expert on the divine. When they show Venus in statues and paintings, is she wearing a fucking toga?"
Carol's mouth fell open as she stared at Tory, her mind trying to catch up. Before she could think of a response, Tory winked and turned to head for the stairs, calling over his shoulder, "Food for thought, Carol!"
Carol turned back toward the mirror. Tory was absolutely right, of course. When Venus was shown in artwork, she wasn't wearing a toga.
With numb fingers, Carol slipped the strap of the toga off of one smooth, pale shoulder.
In fact, in most artwork, Venus was wearing...
...
Carol could feel her pulse in her temples, in her throat, in her hard nipples, and even in her pussy, so fast and strong it felt more like a thrumming vibration than separate heartbeats. Terror bubbled up from deep inside her mixed with deep, twisted arousal.
This was insane. Wrong on so many levels. There were people in the house from a half dozen different frats and sororities tonight. All strangers. People who didn't know Carol, or realize the depths she had sunk to.
But if she went through with this, they would know her. Carol would become famous to everyone in the Greek system, if not everyone on the campus.
She would be that girl that went to a Halloween party completely naked.
Carol stood at the top of the stairs, her deep hitching breaths making her tits bounce and shake as she built up her courage for the insane action she was going to take in the service of the divine. She was Venus. The Goddess of love and sex. Venus would be turned on by appearing naked in front of a crowd. She wouldn't be scared. Goddesses have nothing to be afraid of.
A true Goddess would have nothing to be embarrassed about from some mere mortals seeing her perfect body.
Her legs trembling, Carol took her first step down the stairs. Then her second. She could hear the murmur of the crowd below her on the ground floor. Carol gripped the banister tight and made her way down, feeling herself become slick and hot between her legs. She had to chase that feeling of arousal. This was a positive thing she was doing, a joyful thing. Not something humiliating.
But as she finally descended into view on the last flight of stairs, that optimistic fiction evaporated instantly. A sorority girl caught sight of Carol's nude form first, loudly saying "Oh My God!" with a mixture of amusement and disgust, making everyone near her turn and look. Awareness of Carol's "costume" rippled rapidly through the crowd, and the assembled party guests went silent, turning to watch as Carol padded softly down the stairs.
Carol knew even when that first stranger's eyes hit her that she was no Godess. Not in her heart. She was a human woman. A human woman exposing herself to a crowd of strangers with hard, aroused nipples and a pussy that was already beginning to overflow and drip down her thighs. A pervert.
Carol cursed herself for giving in to temptation and shaving her pubic hair into a cute heart shape. At the time, she thought it would be a naughty little secret beneath her toga. Now it was an obscene signal on her body: a clear sign that she wanted to be seen, that she was trying to draw the eyes of the crowd to her pussy. It marked her as exactly what the crowd thought she was: a horny exhibitionist slut.
Carol had become desensitized to public nudity over the past few weeks, but the attention of these new strangers brought back all of the raw, terrifying, erotic feelings in a fresh new way. The submissive act of allowing these superior, clothed people to view her most private places. The knowledge that she had become something lesser in their eyes, a sexual object. The burning feeling of having all of her secrets revealed, while getting nothing but scorn in return. The shameful, desperate feeling of craving her own humiliation, of wanting them to see more.
The eyes of the women in the crowd were varied. Some were amused, some disgusted, some pitying, in a patronizing way. A surprising number of female eyes were alight with interest, tracing the curves of her body with a speculative gleam.
But the eyes of the men were all the same. Hungry and burning with a deep lust for the silly little slut who was foolish enough to present herself to them.
The crowd pulled back as Carol finally reached the bottom of the stairs, almost as red as the roses in her shining hair. She looked around desperately, trying to think of something to say that would break the unbearable atmosphere of sexual mockery that lay heavy in the air. But there was nothing. Nothing to do but try to stop herself from visibly cringing as the crowd viewed her naked body with smirks and sneers.
After a few moments, Carol couldn't take the suffocating tension any longer. She had to escape. Maybe if she just pretended everything was normal, the other party guests would go along with it.
Despite the crushing shame and vulnerability she felt, the divine had been clear: tonight, Carol was a Goddess. She had to remember that, even if she felt weak and pathetic at this moment, she had strength and power.
Carol tried to hold her head high and moved forward on trembling legs. The crowd gave her space as she walked toward the dining room. Her movement seemed to finally break the spell of stunned silence among the crowd of strangers, but in many ways breaking the tense silence made things even worse.
Giggles and whispers and scoffs swirled around Carol as she made her way through the crowd. She heard "slut" and "hilarious" and "juicy fucking ass" in the whispered conversation, but never heard the words "powerful" or "Goddess" once.
The crowd trailed after her as she went, and conversations died as new party guests saw her. As she encountered familiar frat boys, they wore expressions of pride and excitement, elbowing their friends and pointing out her shameful nudity. Carol realized she was being displayed, shown off as a trophy: "Look, there she is, our pet slut!".
The divine was sorely testing her with this assignment: Carol felt utterly debased and humiliated by the amused, disbelieving stares of the aroused strangers surrounding her.
After what felt like a lifetime of moving in a bubble through the mocking crowd, Carol finally made it to the dining room. Adam was there, setting up red plastic cups on the table. He looked up with a wolfish grin when he saw Carol enter the room; nude, blushing, and trembling with mortified arousal.
"Ah, Carol! Just in time. We just set up for beer pong. Let's play, you and me!" he said forcefully as the rest of the crowd in the room gawped at Carol's nudity. Strangely, Adam didn't seem to be surprised at all by seeing her naked at a public party, his face was alight with pleasure and interest, but there was no shock in his eyes.
"Ummm, n-no thanks Adam, I think I'll just watch," said Carol, her voice breaking slightly with nerves. Adam had just used her name in front of everyone in the dining room. Any slim hope of being an anonymous mystery woman was fast disappearing.
"Awww, c'mon, Carol!" chided Adam theatrically, playing to the crowd, "This is a party. Play with me! What do you think, everyone? Should Carol loosen up a little and have some fun?"
The crowd, silent and staring just a moment before, cheered and roared, demanding Carol's participation. Carol could feel them pressing forward from behind her, eager to see the spectacle of her game with Adam. Adam stared at her with his blazing green eyes: sexy, dangerous, and compelling. "What do you say, Carol?" he asked with a smirk.
Carol's eyes darted around, focusing on the bright, mocking eyes of the crowd. She didn't want to put herself at the center of attention, but it seemed like there was nothing she could do to avoid it. Even if she didn't play, all eyes would be on her anyway. Her face burning, aroused and ashamed and intimidated, Carol nodded her head, taking her place across the table from Adam.
Carol had only played beer pong once or twice before. She had been pushed into playing a few times by the frat boys in the past months, much like Adam was doing right now. Carol wasn't as good as some of the boys who played all the time, but she had good aim, so she usually did pretty well. Adam gestured for her to go first, and she let the ball fly.
Carol was instantly distracted by a loud cheer from the crowd as her ball bounced off the rim of a cup. She looked around in confusion at the joyful faces crowding around her. They knew that she had just missed, right? Adam grinned at the surrounding party guests, then smoothly turned and sunk his first shot in one of Carol's cups.
Carol sighed. More and more people were pushing into the dining room, and the crowd grew dense around them. Maybe staying in one place and playing a game that made her the center of attention had been a bad idea after all. Now that the shock of Carol's nudity had worn off, the eyes of the men and women around her were getting bright with lust. She could feel the male and female energy crackling through the stuffy air of the room. Laughs and whispers and murmured disparaging remarks murmured through the crowd around her. The entire party was focused on her shameful display.
"Well," asked Adam with a raised eyebrow, "Aren't you going to drink up?"
Carol was about to refuse: she had always insisted on skipping the drinking part when the frat brothers had forced her to play before. The boys normally grumbled that drinking was the whole point of the game, but they drank the beer for her. After all, they knew that Carol was a lightweight, not to mention not a big fan of beer.
But it seemed like Adam wasn't going to let her off the hook in this public game. Carol could hardly refuse, not with the mocking crowd watching her every move. If she tried to claim special treatment, she was sure that the crowd would take it as an excuse to heckle her... or maybe even do worse.
Carol picked up the cup and removed the pingpong ball, making a face as she stared down at the cool, frothy amber of the beer inside. *Chug* *Chug* *Chug* began the crowd in a monotonous chant. The cup seemed very full... were the cups normally this full in beer pong? It was too late to complain about it now.
Carol raised the cup to her lips, trying to drain it quickly to avoid the bitter, malty taste that she still despised. A loud cheer rose from the dense crowd as the cool fizzy liquid poured down her throat. Trickles escaped the sides of her mouth, splashing foam onto her naked tits, much to the amusement of the crowd. Carol blushed and tried to wipe off the splashes of beer, but she only succeeded in smearing it across her breasts, accidentally brushing her stiff, aching nipples in the process.
Carol tossed aside the empty cup. She would have to play especially well if Adam was planning to force her to drink each cup when she lost. She picked up the ball again, aiming carefully. She tried to tune out the burning eyes and giggled comments of the crowd, but they kept intruding on her thoughts. Her distraction and the horniness slowly building up inside her were making her throws sloppy. Even though she was normally a decent player, her slutty exposure was making her look pathetically outmatched. When she finally threw the ball, it was a fairly pathetic attempt, sailing wide of Adam's cups to the left.
Carol jumped as the crowd roared a cheer again. She looked around in bewilderment. That throw was even worse than the last. Were these people cheering just to throw her off her game? If that was their plan, it worked. Adam sank shot after shot confidently, as Carol's throws got worse and worse. Carol sloshed cup after cup of warmer and warmer beer down her throat, spilling more and more down her chin, dripping it onto her heaving tits, her nipples refusing to soften under the interested eyes of the crowd. The sticky trails of beer made shining lines down her body, creepy down toward the heart shaped shaved between her legs.
Carol swayed slightly on her feet. Her head felt warm and fuzzy. Adam still had seven cups in front of him while she had only one left. She had finally realized why the crowd was cheering on every throw she made.
Every time she threw the ball, her tits jiggled.
This match had been about sexually displaying Carol from the beginning. She never had a hope of victory: she had lost a larger game when she agreed to play. Carol let the ball fly with a deep, hot blush staining her face, painfully aware now of how her breasts bounced and jolted from the movement. The men and women around her didn't even watch where the ball went, their eyes glued instead to her beautiful, firm tits, now shiny and sticky with spilled beer.
The crowd roared its approval as Carol's terrible throw failed to go anywhere near Adam's cups. With a smug smirk, Adam snatched up the ping pong ball and contemptuously sunk it into Carol's last remaining cup, defeating her with ease.
Carol gulped. The room felt like it was spinning a little. She had never felt less like a Goddess as she picked up her last cup. The crowd around her once again began to chant.
*Chug* *Chug* *Chug*.
"I... I will. J-just give me one second," she muttered to herself, too quiet for the crowd to hear. She tried to compose herself and calm the dizziness in her head, the sick roiling of her stomach, and the wet pulsing heat of her pussy. She was already horny from the watching eyes of the strangers around her, and for some twisted reason, the fact that Adam had just publically humiliated her in the game made her even hotter.
She just had to drink one more cup of beer. Then she could get away from this pressing crowd and find a quieter place to be alone for a moment. Just to get her bearings.
Adam was at her side, looming above her. Carol's breath caught in her throat. Despite the crowds, everyone had given her a lot of space tonight, so Adam being this close while she was naked felt strange and dangerous in front of all these people. Carol felt her already turned-on body reacting to Adam's strong male presence, heating up further under his commanding gaze.
Adam reached out and took the cup from her unresisting hand. "Let me help you," he said in a deep voice loud enough for the crowd to hear. Well. That was unexpectedly nice of him... Adam raised the cup to his lips and drained the warm beer into his mouth while Carol looked on. The crowd watched avidly, their eyes locked on the tall, victorious frat boy looming above the naked slut.
Before Carol even knew what was happening, Adam was leaning forward, his arms circling around her waist. Goosebumps rose on her as his fingers touched the hot, naked skin of her hips. His lips met hers. She was too shocked to protest. She realized with horror that Adam didn't intend to drink the beer for her at all.
The crowd erupted in laughter and wolf whistles as Adam let the beer in his mouth flow into Carol's. His hands roamed her swooning, unresisting body as she drank her last loser's penalty in the most humiliating way possible. One of Adam's hands teased an erect nipple as his other gripped and squeezed a lush ass cheek, much to the horny delight of the raucous, watching crowd.
Adam was showing the crowd just how much of slut Carol had become, taking the frat's private groping games and making them a public spectacle. As the winner, he was thoroughly enjoying his victory by showing his complete dominance over Carol the slutty loser. And it was turning her on just as much as it humiliated her.
Finally, Carol broke away, her breath heaving, tearing herself out of Adam's groping hands. She had to get away. Out of sight. She considered fleeing up to her room and giving up on the rest of the night. But she couldn't. She had to embody Venus tonight. Venus would never flee because some mortals sexualized her.
All she needed was a little break. Just a second to rest, to clear her fuzzy head, to tamp down the wild arousal that was threatening to overwhelm her. Her wild eyes looked around the room, seeing only eager, smiling, horny faces. Where could she go that the crowd wouldn't immediately follow?
The bathroom. It was the only choice. She could use the bathroom she normally showered in. Carol set off. Learning from Adam's cruel example, some of the bolder party guests reached out as she passed, and Carol felt the hands of strangers exploring her body in fleeting touches as she fled the dining room.
The crowd followed Carol all the way down the hall to the mercifully empty bathroom, where she slammed and locked the door. She collapsed onto the toilet, her mind and heart racing. Hopefully disappearing from view would cause some of the gathered crowd to lose interest in staring at her nude body.
Carol thought she had become immune to shame from public nudity. Otherwise she never would have considered coming down those stairs without clothing. But she had been wrong. She had gotten used to the boys around the frat seeing her naked body, but experiencing the disgusted, mocking, and aroused reactions of total strangers made her feel just as humiliated and rawly vulnerable as that first walk from the shower weeks ago.
Carol touched herself gently between her legs. She sucked in a hissing breath as a sickening jolt of arousal flared up through her belly at the slight stimulation. That gentle touch felt so good that she couldn't resist going further. Carol bit her lip hard to prevent even the slightest sound from escaping as she plunged her fingers into her sopping pussy. How had she gotten like this? So deeply, helplessly horny from her own degradation? Carol worked her slim fingers faster and faster, her legs quivering from the intensity of her frenzied self-pleasuring. At least this bathroom trip would give her a chance to take the edge off of her arousal before it made her do something truly embarrassing...
Carol looked up with a jump as a sort of scraping sound came from the door to the bathroom. Was someone trying to get in? Carol's eyes narrowed as she looked at the door. She had been too distracted to see it when she came in, but there was something strange about it. There was a perfectly circular depression in the center of the door, with a lighter color of wood beneath...
Before she could examine it more closely, the lighter circle of wood was removed and a thick, erect penis was quickly shoved through the now-open hole into the bathroom.
Carol gasped, trying absurdly to scoot back away from the invading phallus, pushing her naked back against the cool porcelain of the toilet tank. Someone had installed a fucking glory hole in the bathroom door, and now Carol wasn't alone in the bathroom anymore. She shared it with an erect cock, red and throbbing with the force of its anonymous owner's arousal. Not quite the calm escape from the sexual energy of the party that she was hoping for.
It was insulting to be honest. A crowd of people had seen her go into the bathroom, and minutes later a drunk horny man stuck his cock in through the door. As if Carol was such a slut that she would be willing to suck an anonymous cock the instant she laid eyes on it. Carol might be naked at a party packed with total strangers, but that didn't mean she was some sort of sex-crazy bimbo.
If she just waited a moment, the owner of the rudely intruding penis would probably get bored and understand that there was no way in a million years that Carol would suck an anonymous cock that was randomly thrust in front of her. Carol waited, her breath held, for the man to pound on the door, or slur some sort of drunken encouragement.
But nothing came.
Carol's tension slowly released. With her shock dwindling, Carol's arousal from her public exposure returned in full force. Carol's hand returned between her legs as her eyes studied the cock sticking out from the door feet away from her. She was hardly an expert on dicks: Tory's cock was the first that she had ever seen in person. This cock definitely wasn't Tory's. It was a little shorter and slightly thicker. But it didn't look bad. The combination of alcohol, her already aroused state, and the cock persistently jutting forward toward her was making her wiggling fingers feel amazing between her legs.
It made sense that the sight of a penis was so interesting to her. She was acting as the earthly avatar of Venus tonight, so of course she had an affinity for all things sexual. She told herself that it was perfectly natural that she was beginning to feel hotter and hotter as her eyes followed every soft curve of the male organ sharing the bathroom with her.
When Carol was with Tory, being close to his cock filled her with a pleasant feeling of weakness and eagerness to serve. She had always assumed that it was because of her special connection to Tory... But would any cock make her feel the same way? She burned with curiosity. There was only one way to find out.
With her heart pounding at how wrong the situation was, Carol slipped silently off the toilet, making her way crawling on hands and knees towards the glory hole. She wasn't going to touch the cock of course, she thought, licking her lips unconsciously. She just wanted to see what it was like to kneel beneath it and feel its power.
Finally, Carol was there, kneeling naked beneath the stranger's cock. She gulped. Without a direct comparison, Carol wasn't able to tell if kneeling humbly beneath a stranger's penis felt just as intense as when she was with Tory, but this submissive position was definitely affecting her. Her fingers roughly circled her clit, making wet sloppy sounds and beginning to drip a small puddle down to the bathroom floor. Her icy blue eyes softened and almost crossed as she stared intently on the hard cock directly in front of her, focusing on how good it felt to pleasure herself in the presence of this overwhelming masculinity. She tried hard to resist the powerful need growing rapidly inside her. Fuck. The arousal that came from embodying Venus was harder to resist than she thought.
Ok. Ok, obviously she couldn't suck this cock. That would be totally degrading. It would prove to everyone that she really was a pathetic slut that couldn't resist dick. But couldn't she just tease it a little? Yes, that was totally empowering. She would teach this arrogant man a lesson by giving his cock just the faintest tease and leaving him begging for more. It was a dominant, sexually liberated thing to do. Worthy of the Goddess of Sex.
With one hand vigorously causing sloppy, obscene noises between her legs, Carol reached out with her free hand, trailing one slim finger down the length of the exposed dick. Carol heard the first sound from the man just on the other side of the door: a grunt of surprise. His cock twitched visibly, bobbing up and down as the man's pelvic muscles jerked involuntarily at the sensation.
Carol couldn't help but giggle. Yes, this was the right decision. She was in control, not him. She was a Goddess, granting the presumptuous mortal just the tiniest scrap of her favor. She dragged her finger slowly back down the twitching cock, then added her thumb and second finger, stroking the thick, hairy cock with a featherlight grip that she imagined must be mostly infuriating rather than satisfying.
The cock was so hard for her. It must belong to one of those boys who had been staring at her out in the party, getting turned on by her exposed body. Even after waiting patiently for several minutes, the cock was still flushed and straining, seeming hard enough to burst out of its skin. Carol had to admit a certain twisted pride at having this effect on a man. She truly was the Goddess of love, driving the guests of the party wild with desire. She bit her lip hard to keep herself from moaning. Her masturbation had become even more intense now that she felt a hard cock in her hand. Maybe the guests weren't the only ones being driven wild with lust...
Carol had unconsciously begun stroking the cock with her full hand, gripping it with her palm and five fingers in a tight, satisfying grip. Oops. It looked like she had gotten carried away. But it wasn't all about him, was it? Carol's satisfaction mattered too, and now that she felt the full heft and power of the man's shaft in her palm, the fingers working between her legs were feeling even better. It wasn't like she was sucking him off. That was what he wanted when he stuck his cock through the glory hole, but he wasn't going to get it. So really, she was still on top in this situation, even though she was now fully jerking his cock.
The hard dick felt amazing in her hand, but she felt a tiny, nagging, annoying craving for more. Nowadays her sexual play with Tory never ended with handjobs. It was satisfying to feel the power of a man's cock in her hand, but it was nothing compared to the humble, submissive sensation of holding his throbbing shaft in her mouth. The tip of the cock she was jerking oozed a tiny trickle of precum. She could imagine what it would taste like on her tongue. Salty and warm...
Carol realized with a start that she was drooling. This was getting dangerous. She really really had to resist sucking this cock. The embarrassment of staffing a glory hole that everyone had seen her enter would be crushing.
Carol just needed a little something to sate her appetite. Carol paused in her jerking, sliding her finger along the leaking slit on the anonymous cockhead and bringing it to her pink, pouty lips and slipping the shiny, sticky digit inside. It should have been disgusting -- would have been disgusting to her just a few months ago, but tonight the salty slime on her tongue focused her mind powerfully on her memories of sucking Tory's cock. Feeling so submissive and disrespected and pushed around...
The taste of the man's precum seemed to flip a switch in her brain. Suddenly the idea of being seen as a pathetic cocksucking slut on her knees at a glory hole wasn't as devastating as it had felt just seconds ago. It felt a little hot to be honest, to be demeaned like that. And the thought of holding this thick, hard cock in her slutty little mouth was sending tingles of pleasure down her spine. What was the worst that could happen? Everyone had already seen her go naked to a party. A little discreet sex play hidden behind a door wouldn't sink her reputation much further.
Maybe just a little taste... She could hold back and not let him cum. That way she would maintain her control of this situation.
Her cheeks heating up, Carol gave herself up to the power of Venus. She extended her tongue and licked slowly up the stranger's cock, hearing another loud groan of appreciation from the other side of the bathroom door.
By the time she reached the top of his cock with her extended tongue, Carol's hesitation had evaporated completely. She sucked the swollen cockhead between her lips and eagerly swirled her tongue around it, tasting the salty proof of the stranger's arousal on her wicked tongue. Craving more of the sensation, the stranger pushed himself forward even further, straining against the barrier of the door. Carol felt an absurd stab of pride. So her mouth was that good, huh? Enough to make him physically beg for more.
She began to work double time, using one hand to stroke the base of his shaft while her other hand remained busy between her legs, sending blossoming heat flaring up from her dripping pussy. Oh God... This was exactly what she swore she wouldn't do. She had completely lost her tenuous control of the situation, becoming the pathetic cock hungry bimbo that everyone assumed she was. It was so wrong. She was being such a little slut. She didn't care; it just felt too good. Carol was the Goddess of Sex. Submissive, slutty, degrading sex.
When the man behind the door came, Carol didn't even hesitate, she knew her role as a slut on her knees at a glory hole. She swallowed it all down, greedily moaning around his dick, feeling fresh waves of pleasure from her hand as it rubbed frantically at her clit.
Then, as quickly as he had thrust it in, the stranger withdrew his cock. Carol was almost disappointed. She had been close to orgasm, but she supposed she would just have to finish herself off...
Without warning, another dick thrust into the bathroom, taking its place at the glory hole. This new cock was huge, maybe even larger than Tory's. It also had a muskier scent. The massive cock's powerful pheromones worked their way into Carol's flared nostrils as her pupils dilated, staring at it with greedy delight. She worked her fingers deep into her needy pussy. This time she had no reservations. She needed more cock, and what was the difference between sucking one dick and two?
Not much difference at all.
Carol's lips wrapped eagerly around the huge dick. Her tongue swirled rapidly around the monstrous prick that barely fit between her plump lips. The overwhelming feeling of submission was even more intense with a cock this strong and masculine stretching her lips. Carol's hips rolled and bucked desperately against her slim fingers as she approached orgasm, spurred on by her humiliating submission to anonymous cock.
With a determined moan rising from her throat, Carol tugged and gripped the base of the massive cock, jerking its impressive length as her little mouth pleasured its head. She was riding the very edge of orgasm and wanted to cum right when this new glory-hole patron filled her mouth with his seed.
Her timing was perfect, her legs shaking and her pussy clenching around her fingers as her mouth was flooded with another load of thick semen, flowing in globby strands down her throat as she exulted in her orgasm, feeling at one with the Goddess.
Carol breathed a sigh of satisfaction as the large cock withdrew.
Another took its place almost instantly. Not as impressive as the last, but still long and rock hard and irresistible to a woman still riding high from her first orgasm of the evening.
Carol slurped and moaned and fingered herself once again, losing herself to her inner Goddess. For the third time that evening, she gulped down the hot semen of a horny stranger while humping her squirming fingers. Another cock took his place. Followed by another.
Around the fifth cock, Carol lost track of exactly how many men she had pleasured.
Carol frowned slightly as yet another cock slid in through the hole, this time a pale, unimpressive one. As the unappetizing cock cleared the fog of lust from her mind slightly, she realized that she might have a problem. How many men were in line out there? Now that she had demonstrated her willingness to suck anonymous cocks, she imagined that the glory hole would become quite popular. Becoming a cocksucking glory hole slut had been exciting, but her jaw already hurt from her enthusiastic service.
Reluctantly, feeling a little more used than excited, Carol took this new smallish cock in her mouth and sucked, using her expert skills to try to bring this new man to orgasm as quickly as possible. She didn't think it would be a good idea to force her way out with someone just on the other side of the door.
She would have to move quickly...
Luckily, whoever was on the other side of the door this time was a quick shot, firing a surprisingly large and thick load into Carol's waiting mouth within minutes. Carol swallowed again, now painfully aware of the warm, gooey loads of cum sloshing around with the beer in her stomach. When the cock was withdrawn, Carol made her move, pushing open the door before another man could take his place.
She was unprepared for what was waiting for her outside the door. A huge crowd burst into raucous cheers and applause as she exited, staring like a deer in headlights into half a dozen phone cameras that had been filming the whole thing. As she had feared, a long line of men trailed down the hall from the bathroom. They looked disappointed, but the rest of the crowd was ecstatic: they had caught Carol at the moment of maximum humiliation. Everyone there knew that she had just sucked off a parade of strange dicks willingly, and they thought it was fucking hilarious.
The breathtaking humiliation burned hotter by the moment inside Carol as the cheers went on and on. The bright flashlights of the filming phones lit up every inch of her naked skin, her tight swollen nipples, and her puffed up, leaking, freshly-fingered pussy. Carol saw the truth instantly: the phones had captured video of the men pressing their bodies against the glory hole, then her nude form emerging from the bathroom. The humiliating story couldn't be clearer to anyone who watched the shameful video.
To her horror, Carol saw that one of the frat boys had rigged up a crude Talley-board inviting everyone who had their cum swallowed by the slutty little streaker to sign their name in the wall opposite the bathroom.
The number of signatures sent a spiral of dizzying shame through her heart. No way. She couldn't have sucked that many dicks. How had she lost control so completely? Her stomach rolled as she realized just how many loads of sperm were swimming through her belly.
She had to escape. It didn't matter where. As she pushed through the crowd, they didn't part for her this time, forcing her to rub her naked body against the party guests as she squeezed through. Hands reached out to her, sliding over her hips, cupping her breasts, gripping her ass. Despite her mortification, the wandering hands relit the flame in her belly, coloring the terrible shame once again with a shade of lust.
Finally, she broke free into the kitchen with whistles, crude comments, and cheers floating after her. But the kitchen contained more party guests eager to crowd around her, leering and chuckling and edging closer.
Where could she go? There was only one other escape. Normally she wouldn't even consider it without clothes, but desperate times called for desperate measures.
Carol pushed open the back door and ran out into the cool night air of the backyard. Luckily, it seemed like the people in the kitchen couldn't be bothered to follow her into the chilly autumn evening. Her skin immediately prickled up in goosebumps in the biting breeze, but she appreciated the cold. It woke her up a little from her hazy nightmare of lust and humiliation. There were a few people in the backyard of the frat house smoking and talking, but they seemed to be too drunk to have registered Carol's arrival, and she was able to collapse onto a bench alone and have a few moments of peace.
God, even after getting herself off at the glory hole, she was still a sloppy, horny mess. If Carol from two months ago saw her now, she wouldn't be able to believe it. Carol used to think that her sexual desires were a small annoyance that she could deal with by hand on the rare occasions that they flared up. But now it seemed like her whole life revolved around sex. That was what the powers of the universe had chosen for her.
Carol shivered. She couldn't stay out here for long without any clothes. She would have to pull herself together and make her way back into the sexual minefield of the crowded house. The idea made her head spin and awakened the steady pulsing beat of arousal inside her.
All of the frat boys she had recognized inside had taken the side of the strangers, joining in with their mockery and sexual leering... The humiliating ordeal of this nude party would be so much more bearable if she just had one person who was on her side.
"There you are," said a deep gentle voice, making Carol look up from her self-reflection.
It was Tory, outlined from behind by the bright lights of the frat house, leaving his face in shadow. Carol felt a fraction of the tension she was carrying release. Tory could be a little pushy and annoying, but she trusted him more than any of the other frat brothers. Carol squinted up at him. The golden light pouring from the windows of the house shone off of naked skin on his torso.
No way... Tory couldn't possibly be...
As he moved closer and sat next to Carol, she realized that Tory's costume wasn't quite as slutty as hers... although it was close. Tory at least had a small loincloth. Other than that, his tanned muscular body was bare. The only other part of his costume was a wreath of greenery on his head.
Carol giggled, half in amusement, half in relief. Now she wasn't the only weirdo at the party. "What are you supposed to be?" she asked with a genuine smile.
"Can't you tell?" shot back Tory, flexing a little and giving a wink. "I'm Adonis."
Carol's teasing amusement dried up, her eyes going wide at the bold proclamation. Adonis... the embodiment of male beauty and fertility. The consort and lover of Venus.
Her consort.
"Tory... Why d-did you...?" Carol stuttered lamely, her eyes suddenly unable to look away from Tory's toned, naked body. His costume matched perfectly and suggestively with hers. If it were any other man, she would assume it was a coincidence. But she knew Tory, and Tory knew her. He was the black sun, and they had a powerful, entwined relationship. There was no possibility that this was a coincidence.
"Why did I dress as your consort?" asked Tory. His mouth wore a cheeky smirk, but his eyes were dead serious. "Because it's fate, Carol. I felt called to wear this. You must feel the deep connection between us. How special it is. How much deeper it is than what you have with the other guys."
He reached a hand out to her, and,despite the riot of butterflies suddenly filling her belly, Carol grasped it, feeling the warm strength radiating from his hand into hers.
"Yes, Tory," she breathed, "I do feel it. But... fate? I'm not sure I understand."
Tory shook his head. "You do understand Carol, you're just afraid. You're the center of female energy in this place of power. I'm the center of male energy. We need to harmonize together to bring balance to this place of power. And a couple of blowjobs aren't going to do the trick." His hazel eyes were deep, warm, and compelling.
Tory was talking about things that Carol thought were secrets between her and the divine. How could he know things like this unless they were really true? His hand felt rough and warm on hers and his body looked like it had been carved from marble. Carol could feel her desire for Tory swelling like a balloon inside her. She had been horny all night, but it had been directed at the arousing situation in general, not at any person in particular. Now her lust felt like it was concentrating on one point: the beautiful man sitting next to her.
Carol knew what Tory was suggesting. The ultimate act of harmony between male and female energy. Something Carol had sworn never to even consider trying. Her memories of Tory's cock filled her mind. This time Tory wasn't planning to stop at a blowjob. He wanted a fuller, deeper submission from Carol. The ultimate expression of receptive femininity.
"But, I... I don't... I mean, I've never..." murmured Carol with a shameful blush. Painful memories of growing up washed over her. Her and her friends agreeing that sex was gross. All of her friends abandoning her, betraying her, losing themselves to sex one by one. Could she really do the same, betray her own convictions and fuck someone?
Why was Tory making it such an attractive prospect?
Tory moved closer, sliding an arm around Carol's naked waist, drawing her close to him. His body felt warm and strong, and he was wearing a cologne that smelled delicious, spicy and complex. "That's OK, Carol," he said gently, murmuring in her ear, "It doesn't matter how inexperienced or nervous or awkward you feel about sex normally. Tonight you're Venus, remember? Sex is as natural to you as breathing. You are the mistress of love."
"T-tory, I..." whimpered Carol, closing her eyes, to focus on the torrent of raw desire that the touch of her Adonis was pouring into her. "Shhhh," said Tory, "Don't speak. Just come with me. Tonight we'll give ourselves to each other completely. I'm not your master right now, I'm your loyal consort. I won't do anything unless my Goddess commands me."
Carol wavered. Tory was claiming that they didn't even necessarily need to have sex. But she knew what would happen if she went with him. The power of Venus was raging inside of her, and the power of Adonis was overwhelming Tory. If they went somewhere private, they wouldn't be able to help themselves. For the first time in her young life, that sounded absolutely divine to Carol.
She opened her light blue eyes and looked into Tory's. And nodded with a blush and a shy smile.
Tory stood immediately, offering Carol his hand and helping her up. She needed the assistance: her knees felt weak and her head felt light.
She was really doing this. These were her last few minutes as a celibate woman. She was holding the hand of the strong, confident man that was about to fuck her virgin pussy.
Carol could feel her eager juices slipping down her thighs at the thought.
Tory pulled her along, unresisting, back toward the house filled with horny strangers. But this time, things would be different. Carol was still on display, but now she had been claimed, marked for conquest by the handsome man guiding her. The image was humiliating in an entirely new way.
Partygoers looked up as they entered the warm, bright kitchen. Excitement lit up their flushed, drunk faces. They were happy to see her back. If anything, then looked even more delighted to see her led and controlled by a man almost as naked as she was.
"If you'll excuse us," said Tory with a wink as he pushed through the crowd, "We need to find somewhere a little more private."
Carol blushed scarlet in shame as the crowd let out a mocking 'Oooooooooh." Not only was she about to lose her virginity, but now the entire crowd of strangers knew that it was about to happen. Tory had just confirmed she was a slut to all of the party guests within earshot
Tory's face was blazing with triumph, eager to spread the word of his impending victory, apparently forgetting the tender promises he had just made to Carol in his eagerness to brag. He led her from room to room behind him, calling out the frat brothers as he saw them. "Hey Bailey!" he said with a wide, lazy grin, "Let people know that if they need me, I'll be upstairs with Carol!" Bailey gave him an exaggerated thumbs up, much to Tory amusement. The crowd around them chuckled and smirked, eying the sexbound couple with jealousy. Carol was certain that their humiliating progress through the crowded party would inspire more than one drunk hookup just from their radiating sexual energy.
Carol felt more like a prized possession or a beloved pet than a Goddess as Tory toured the rooms of the frat house, proudly showing off the body of the woman he was about to fuck. But, as usual for Carol lately, the more humiliating the situation got, the hotter her body felt. By the time they made it half-way through the house, Carol was panting and dripping, desperate for Tory to finish up his cocky display and just fuck her already.
Finally, after Tory had zigzagged through the party, making certain that everyone knew that he and the naked party slut would be alone for a while, they finally reached the stairs.
Adam was sitting there, leaning back against the steps drinking a bottle of beer, his eyes hooded and dangerous.
Tory looked taken aback for a second, but even the sight of Adam's foul mood couldn't dampen his enthusiasm. He started up the stairs, looking down at the seated Adam with a cocky grin. "Sorry bud," said Tory with a slight edge in his voice, "I'm going to be gone for a minute, me and Carol are going up to her room for a private chat." With a smug look on his face, Tory patted Adam on the shoulder as he walked past him. "Don't wait up. It might take all night. I think this might be a long, deep conversation."
Adam shrugged. His thin smile didn't reach his eyes. "No worries, prez. Me and Carol already had our fun at the glory hole. I don't mind lending her to you after I got my rocks off."
This made Tory pause, he turned to look back at Adam. "Glory hole...?"
Now Adam's smile warmed his bright green gaze. "Oh yeah. She didn't tell you? She loved it. Good to the last gooey drop, right Carol? I've never seen anyone swallow that much jizz."
Carol could only frown, her hand feeling suddenly trapped and sweaty in Tory's palm. Wait, had she sucked Adam's cock at the glory hole? Suddenly she knew with rock-solid certainty that it had been the second one. The cock that had completely dominated her little mouth with its size. She had sucked Adam's cock now... and swallowed his cum. The idea felt wrong, but also hot in a twisted sort of way, like he had won an underhanded sexual victory over her.
Adam and Tory maintained intense eye contact. Carol looked back and forth between the two boys. What was going on here exactly? Were they fighting? Was it about her?
After another few seconds of tense eye contact between the two boys, Tory scoffed and continued up the stairs, leading Carol behind him.
"Enjoy it, Tory!" called Adam up from beneath them. "While you can!"
Tory didn't even reply, and they made their way up to Carol's room in silence.
When the door was shut and locked behind them, Tory sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, visibly putting the tense confrontation behind him. When he opened his eyes again, he was relaxed, giving Carol his usual confident gaze.
Then he murmured "C'mere, Goddess," with a warm, inviting smile on his face, and Carol forgot all about his chauvinistic display downstairs, the weird tense encounter with Adam, and everything else in the world, because the only thing she cared about was Tory's strong arms wrapping around her naked body, and his lips on hers.
Carol's body flushed with hungry heat as their tongues tangled together. She felt safe, and shamed, and powerful and owned all at once in Tory's embrace, and her body pulsed with her need for him. She had kissed Tory dozens of times, but this was different, her body knew where this kiss was leading, and was joyfully preparing itself, driving her to heights of physical arousal that she had never experienced before.
Driven by instinct more than thought, Carol's shaking hand fumbled at the loincloth at Tory's crotch, groping and squeezing the hardness there, the stiff masculine force that was all hers for the evening. Her lips stayed locked on Tory' while his hands gently but firmly roamed her body: sliding down the curve of her hip, whispering with a feather-light touch over her thighs, tracing the outlines of the heart she had sculpted, and touching her in the sweet, molten center of her sexuality.
With their hands on each other, Carol felt it at last: the feeling she had been searching for all evening. She felt the spirit of Venus filling her with wild, pure energy. Finally, she was the mistress of sex and love, not their plaything.
Tory was using his strong arms to maneuver her to the bed, half leading and half carrying. Carol gasped as he gently laid her back. She gazed up at him with eyes that were both fearful and pleading for more, her body trembling with lust and nerves.
"Relax, Goddess," said Tory gently, cupping one of her heaving breasts and rubbing soothingly. "Tonight is all about your pleasure. Sex won't feel good if you're so anxious," a devious look crossed his face. "I think I know how to help you loosen up a little..."
Tory's powerful hands flowed down Carol's body and spread her thighs open, revealing her dripping, swollen pussy. But instead of removing his loincloth, Tory sank lower, planting soft, hot kisses in a trail down her body until he was smiling up at her from between her thighs.
"Just lay back and let your consort take care of you..."
Carol's heart was in her throat. She had the absurd impulse to cover her eyes and hide. The sight of Adonis kneeling between her thighs was so intensely erotic that she felt like she was melting. She could feel his breath, hot and strong, on her most intimate place. He moved closer...
"Yes!" the word tore from Carol's mouth without consciously thought as Tory's experienced tongue slid into her, writhing and dancing over her slick folds with unmistakable passion. "Yes! YES!" She couldn't stop her approving moans-- didn't want to. Her hands tangled in Tory's sandy blond hair, pulling him close, her hips grinding against his mouth. It was so good! How had she disdained sexual pleasure for this long? Carol reached up to a breast with her free hand and played with her nipple, gasping and mewling with pleasure. Her sweet voice built up again, stronger and sweeter than ever before, refusing to be bound by shame or guilt.
"Fuck! Yes! Right there! Don't stop!"
...
The crowd in the living room looked up with grins of barely suppressed amusement as Carol's desperate moans filtered down through the house, loud enough to pass through multiple floors. Scooter stood in front of them with his hand cupped to his ear in a dramatic pose while holding a finger to his grinning mouth. The drunk quests were doing an incredible job of remaining silent: it was worth it to listen in as the slutty little virgin got fucked for the first time.
Only one person didn't seem to be having any fun. Adam sat in the corner irritably jiggling a leg and taking sips of beer. Every once in a while he would glance upwards with a poisonous glare.
If anyone bothered to notice, they might have been disturbed by his mood.
It was usually bad news when Adam Ivanic got this angry.
...
Finally, Tory rose from between Carol's quivering thighs, crawling dominantly up her body and kissing her. Carol could taste her juices on his tongue. She could feel his intense heat and passion for her. His muscular form pulsed with raw masculine energy above her. Her hesitation was gone, replaced with a bone-deep instinctual need for him.
Carol's hand reached down between his legs again as they kissed, but this time she didn't just feel and grope him. She fumbled with his loincloth, pulling and tugging, forcing it down with desperate clumsy movements. Finally Tory broke the kiss, chuckling as he helped her pull the flimsy covering all the way off.
Even the moment it took him to undress felt like too long. Carol's desire for Tory bordered on pain. As soon as he finished undressing, she enfolded him in her soft embrace again, pulling him into her lips. One of her hands now went down to his cock, restlessly feeling and stroking its length. Her pussy ached with an emptiness she had never felt before, one that she didn't know she COULD feel.
She pulled back from the kiss, staring up at her lover with soft, adoring eyes. "I want you," she said calmly and clearly, all shame and hesitation gone for this perfect moment. "Take me, Tory."
Tory's eyes burned with smoldering heat, and his face for once wasn't mocking or smug or commanding. The only thing written on his face was deep lust for his Goddess. He repositioned slightly, moving his hips back, taking his place between Carol's legs. Carol's hand continued to hold his rigid cock, guiding him, positioning him at her entrance.
Suddenly, the moment that Carol had thought would never come was here. The emotional weight of giving a man her virginity felt immense, but, as strange as it was to say about any man in this fucked up frat house, she trusted Tory. And she did feel a connection with him, even if he could be kind of a jerk sometimes. She smiled up at the handsome, infuriating man who was about to fuck her with with bedroom eyes.
Her Adonis.
She had no regrets. She never thought she would want to have sex, but now she did. It was as simple as that. And if she was going to lose her virginity, it didn't get much more special than doing it while embodying the Goddess of love and sex herself.
Tory's hard throbbing length slid slowly inside her, stretching and filling her with a pleasant warmth that was unlike any toy she had used before. She couldn't help but let out a cute little coo of pleasure as his cock buried itself deep inside her well-lubricated pussy, filling her completely.
Carol pulled Tory down, kissing him while they remained there motionless, joined together. She felt closer physically and emotionally to him than she had ever felt with another person. She finally understood. If this was sex, she understood why people obsessed over it.
His lips still locked to hers, Tory began gently moving, taking it slow to give Carol's tight virgin pussy time to adjust. Carol had tried penetration before of course. What curious girl hadn't? She had pushed dildos inside of herself many times in the past. But this was different. Intense and red hot. The feeling of Tory's hard body pinning her soft curvy form to the bed made her nerves sing with pleasure, drawing soft moans from her even before Tory found his rhythm.
Carefully pacing himself despite his overwhelming lust, Tory thrust slowly and deeply, making Carol feel every inch of his cock. Carol's feminine instincts told her inexperienced hips what to do, and soon she was clenching and squirming on the tip of Tory's cock, gasping with pleasure at each thrust. Tory couldn't restrain himself any longer. His speed and force increased, his muscular hips pumping faster and faster, keeping time with the racing of their hearts as pleasure consumed them.
Finally, gasping and giggling, Carol held up a hand, cupping Tory's face. "Wait! One second, Adonis! There is something I want to try." Feeling wild and fierce and free, Carol pushed Tory onto his back, positioning herself above him. This felt right. This was the way that a Goddess would cum. She reached down and inserted Tory's throbbing cock into her slippery pussy once again.
It took her a second to find the right motions, but soon her hips were making rolling liquid movements up and down Tory's big cock, controlling the rhythm and pace like the Goddess she was. It felt like this is what her masturbation sessions had been training her for all along. Another coincidence arranged by the power of The Divine.
Tory looked up at her, suddenly smitten. A beautiful woman, firm tits bouncing and heaving with her enthusiastic motion, her tight belly writhing and tensing as she bounced on his hard cock. Her face was blushing, but happy, eyes closed in concentration and pleasure. Fragrant roses were wound through her flowing brunette curls, and in this moment, despite the cruel mockery that her costume had gotten this evening, she did look divine.
"Venus," said Tory with starstruck wonder, causing a bright, sunny smile to break across Carol's blushing face.
"Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me Adonis! I want your cock!" Came Carol's wild, moaned reply. Tory reached for her wide hips. He pulled her down and thrust his cock up forcefully into her even as she slammed her hips down desperately onto him. Together they chased the orgasm that was rapidly approaching for both of them. Their words lost meaning, becoming loud animal sounds of mindless pleasure as their bodies worked in perfect harmony, slapping together almost loudly enough to match their moans and grunts of pleasure.
Then Carol threw her head back with her loudest, deepest moan yet, her legs quivering and her back arching. She could feel the twitching heat of Tory's release deep inside her as her bright blue eyes stared wide at nothing, opened to feelings of true pleasure. Tory's fingers were squished deep into her hips as he held her close, still pushing upward in his last and deepest thrust, spilling his seed into her spasming pussy.
Then Carol was slumping down, falling pleasantly limp in the arms of her new lover. Tory drew her close, spooning her from behind as they both panted and basked in their orgasmic glow.
It had been a magical end to a humiliating evening. Carol would never doubt the divine again. The early evening was the worst humiliation that Carol had ever gone through, but it had served an important purpose: it had prepared her body for the true purpose of the evening: sacred sexual harmony with her consort.
Carol thought she could hear a loud cheering sound from far below in the house.
Shit. Had everyone at the party been able to hear her moans?
...
The raucous crowd cheered wildly for the loud sexual crescendo of Carol the slut's first real fuck session. Scooter high-fived Dave, both boys practically giddy with excitement. This could mean big things. Usually whenever a brother pushed the envelope with Carol, she extended the same privileges to all of them. And Tory the fucking stallion had just pushed the evelope in a major way.
Carol had always insisted that, despite how handsy she and the frat boys had gotten with each other lately, she would never be interested in sex. It seemed like that had changed. Who knew what was on the table now?
Scooter glanced over at the chair where he had seen Adam sitting earlier, but the tall brooding brother was gone.
That was strange. What was he doing while everyone else was in the living room, listening in?
...
Adam watched with a cold expressionless face as Tory and Carol snuggled. Even over the cameras, he could see that Tory was warming up for round two.
He pressed the button to turn the monitor off. He had seen enough.
So Tory wanted to play the big man, huh? He wanted to fuck around and play stupid games and steal Carol's virginity out from under Adam's nose. That little shit. If it hadn't been for Adam pushing him, the little pipsqueak would still be 'planning' and putting off the start date of his little project.
But that was fine. Tory had just overcome an important hurdle. He had managed to get the stupid little slut to give up her pussy by pretending to be sweet and gentle. Maybe it was useful for Carol to ease into sex with a wimp like Tory before Adam showed her how a real man fucks.
Tory didn't understand yet, but he would: Carol belonged to Adam. She was his, even if she and her 'Adonis' didn't know it yet. And Adam would be generous. He would let Tory and the other brothers have sloppy seconds.
But only after he had conquered Carol completely.