All Characters are 18 or older
After a couple of minutes, Tommy came out and knocked on Wayne and Reggie's doors and had them step into Robert's room. About ten minutes passed before the door opened again and Tommy emerged holding a very wobbly Donna by the arm. Tommy walked her back the five doors to my room at the end of the hall. As they got closer, I could see cum running down her legs. Her hair was a mess with it too. She would not raise her eyes to look at me as Tommy brought her into my room shutting the door behind them.
He told Donna to sit on the bed and for me to sit next to her. I could smell her pussy, and the cum and sweat of all her partners on her. The gold necklace I had given her was stuck on the top of her left breast as if held there by some magnetic power. That magic power was dried and sticky cum. Her breasts were covered with bruises and her nipples looked red, not their normal pink. I grabbed a blanket to cover her but Tommy stopped me saying, "leave her that way," as he looked at her. Tommy turned my desk chair towards the bed and sat.
He said, "First, from what I understand, this was not a rape. Your girlfriend has told me so. Isn't that right, Donna?"
Donna raised her head a bit and looked at him nodded and said softy, "Yes." "Did either of you ever try to stop it?" asked Tommy.
Donna shook her head no. I just hung my head in shame, looking at my feet.
Tommy began by telling me that he could have me and everyone who participated expelled. He had asked Robert, Wayne and Reggie to provide him the names of everyone they could remember that Donna had fucked or sucked off. He also told Jim, the guy with the camera, to give him two prints and the negatives when Jim got them back from being developed. Jim had assured him he knew a twenty-four-hour photo processing place that would get them developed discretely and he'd have them to Tommy on Saturday afternoon.
Tommy went on saying he could get fired, jeopardizing his scholarship and free rent as RA for the dorm if this got out. He added that Robert, Reggie and Calvin were on financial aid scholarships based on good academics in high school and he didn't want to risk them losing out on their chance to be the first in their families to go to a great college. The University, only recently, had been open to more black students and he didn't want to have this get out jeopardizing the new affirmative action initiatives that drove minority enrollment.
Tommy then stood and stepped to where Donna and I both sat on my bed, towering over us. He pulled off his t-shirt, unzipped his shorts and dropped them to the floor revealing white jockeys which held a very large bulge behind the thin cotton. Donna's eyes were wide open and fixed on his crotch.
He looked at me and said, "Sit still. I'm going to make sure you don't get expelled and that your girl here doesn't have mommy and daddy learn about this."
He then turned his gaze to Donna and said, "Suck my cock." Donna was frozen in place when Tommy said loudly, "Now!"
Her hands, shaking, she reached up and hooked her thumbs into the waist band of his underwear and pulled them down past his ass and to his knees. Out sprung the biggest dick I had ever seen live or in any porn magazine. It hit her in the cheek as it popped up from his jockeys. It, like Tommy, was as dark as midnight. It had to be at least nine or ten inches long, uncircumcised and as thick as a can of Red Bull. It was also perfectly smooth. A vein ran under the length of it but otherwise it was slick and unwrinkled. It looked like a large dark-chocolate candy pole.
"Don't just suck my dick. Make love to it", were the next words we heard. Donna moved forward and took the large cock in her small hands. She slid the foreskin back to reveal a very pink head. I thought that was an unusual and interesting. The contrast of her pale skin, white hands and his dark skin was incredible. Another weird thought flashed through my mind that this would make for a great photo.
Donna's small hands moved to hold the giant cock in front of her as she tried to fit it into her mouth. Unable to get it very far past her lips she began to stroke it with both hands and lick and kiss it all over. Again, she seemed fascinated by how the foreskin would slide back and forth revealing the big pink head of his smooth pole to her like a game of hide and seek. She lifted his cock up and licked his ball sack and then took that in her mouth as she continued stroking, reverently, his dick with her hands. Tommy said, "Your girl is a great cocksucker." This was all happening within a foot of me!
Her worship of his dick and balls lasted five minutes before Tommy stopped her and said, "Stand up." Donna released her grip and rose unsteadily. There was a large stain on the bedspread where she had been sitting that was a mix of cream colored cum from her pussy and a light tan cum stain from her ass mixed with just a tinge of pink. I thought it might be blood. "Get on your hands and knees facing the window!" was Tommy's next order. Donna complied as I rose from the bed watching her. Our eyes locked.
He positioned her to the side of the bed at perfect great height for what was to come. Her butt cheeks were chafed red from the friction of the mattress as the guys pounded her. Tommy stood behind her and told me to spread her open. I hesitated and he said, loudly, "Now!" I grabbed a cheek in each hand and spread her open.
Tommy and I saw her puffy and inflamed pussy. Cum continued to be released from it. We saw how red her once little brown puckered ass was and the small stream of cum leaking out of it. Tommy told me to keep her open and not to move as he rubbed his dick across her swollen and sensitive labia. He moved forward and introduced the head of the monster to her well-worn pussy.
Donna took in a breath and held it. Slowly Tommy introduced more of his cock into her. Her eyes were scrunched tight as she kept saying, "Slow. Slow." Tommy, who was probably used to a female's first reaction to his cock, took it slowly. He began with short strokes. His cock glistened being coated with her arousal and the cum of others. Tommy took his time as he introduced more into her body until he bottomed out leaving about two inches of the base still exposed.
Tommy asked if she was alright and Donna replied, "Oh yes!" Tommy began to saw in and out of her and I saw, as I held her open, her vaginal lips clinging to his cock. Her pussy lips would pull out as Tommy pulled out and then disappear into her pussy as he thrust back in. Streams of cum were forced out of her by the invasion of his exaggerated tool. It sounded very wet, and we would hear a little squelching noise with each forward intrusion. Her ass would quiver with each thrust.
They continued to rut inches from my face. Tommy and Donna were sweating heavily. His sweat dripped on Donna below him. He came close to cumming several times and would stop before he did. Donna was rocking back and forth trying get him to fill her completely. She was in a constant state of climax, moaning and repeating Tommy's name over and over and telling him to, "Cum in my slutty cunt!".
Tommy stopped suddenly and said, "No. I'm going to fuck your fine ass! Alex, get her ready! Grab some Vaseline!"
Donna shouted, "NO!"
I moved off the bed and grabbed a jar of Vaseline I used when I jerked off to Donna's pictures and brought it to the bed. Tommy commanded, "Get her lubed up for me!" I plunged my fingers into the Vaseline and then inserted, for the first time, my fingers into Donna's ass. There was a noticeable lack of resistance by her sphincter. Her hips responded by pushing back against the assault. Her lips said "no" but her hips said "yes".
Tommy pushed me back away from her ass and said, "Put my cock in her ass." I had never touched another cock before. I held my breath and reached out to his dick covered in her vaginal juices and the slime of others who had been there in the hours before. His cock felt like a heavy club in my hand. I lined it up pressed against Donna's red asshole. She opened her eyes wide, head turned on my pillow. She stared back at me as Tommy pressed forward, his cock invading her. She yelled as he pushed past her sphincter and buried himself three inches into her bowels. Tommy stopped as he allowed Donna to grow accustomed to this monstrous intrusion.
After a minute Donna let out a huge breath and said, "It's ok, keep going." Slowly, Tommy began sawing in and out of her stretched ass. Tommy had his ebony hands on her ass and was spreading her lily-white cheeks apart as I witnessed the assault up close and personal. He went about six inches into her with each thrust. The cum from her earlier partners would escape in farts around the big dick buried in her. Donna was covered in her sweat, panting and gripping the sheets.
She reached between her legs and began to rub her clit. Soon she started convulsing shouting, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Cum in my ass!". Tommy gave a loud groan, pushed in and then held still as he added his ball juice to her rectum. After he finished sodomizing her he released Donna's hips, and she collapsed forward on the bed breathing raggedly.
Tommy stood by the bed, dripping sweat and his dick softening and dripping cum. He looked down at the sight in front of him and said, "If I had known white girls were so nasty I would have tapped one sooner." Donna lay on her belly in a sweaty heap with her legs splayed wide hanging over the edge of the bed. Tommy pulled on his underwear, shorts and t-shirt and leaned close to Donna, giving her a wet long kiss on the lips where their tongues played together. More cum from her dilated ass began to come out. Tommy and I watched as she released a series of little ass farts that released more cum bubbles from her inflamed hole. The cum ran down, over her pussy, and created another pool on my bed.
Tommy asked, "What are your plans this weekend in case I need to talk to you both?" I answered telling him our schedule and where we were staying. He leaned down close to Donna and whispered something. She nodded her head almost imperceptibly. He gave her another intense tongue filled kiss which she returned with fervor. Tommy stood and smiled saying, "Go enjoy your weekend. I'll try to make sure this all stays here." He left the room.
Donna and I were alone for the first time since her arrival. I had witnessed my beautiful sweet young high school sweetheart go "cock crazy" fucking, at least fifteen guys, most more than once. She stank of sweat and semen and her own used pussy.
Half of me wanted her to get out of my room and out of my life forever and the other half that still loved her made me hold back. I told her to get up and get dressed and that we were going to the motel. I suggested she call her mom. She'd want to know that Donna had arrived safely. She made the call while I went into the bathroom and grabbed her clothes, travel bag, the shampoo, conditioner, and her soap still in the shower.
When I got back to my room she slowly got dressed in the panties, white hot pants and halter top she had arrived in. The crotch of her white shorts was already becoming stained from all the guys cum. I picked up my bag, packed earlier with my clothes, camera and several rolls of film, and her travel bag. We made a hasty exit from my room to the doorway to the stairs leading out of the dorm and to her car. She handed me the keys asking that I drive as she sat down gingerly and grimaced.
We drove in silence for the ten minutes it took to get to the motel. I parked in front of our room as I had, after class, ridden to the motel to pay and collect the key. I didn't know that this delay would lead to what it did. I grabbed our bags from the back seat of the GTO, unlocked the motel room door and ushered Donna into our "lover's hide away."
She passed me as I held the door open for her and she stopped. Looking up into my face and with tears brimming in her eyes and said, "I'm sorry. I love you with all my heart. I'll always be yours. Please forgive me." I said nothing as she passed me and went into the room.
I threw our bags on a well-worn couch as Donna lay face down on the bed. For a cheap hotel the rooms were more spacious than most and looked clean. I shouted, "You slut, get off the bed! I don't want it to reek of Robert, Tommy, Wayne, Neil, Calvin and all the other guys you just fucked! Clean yourself off!"
Donna leapt off the bed and ran into the bathroom sobbing. I stood in the center of the room with my head filled with all sorts of thoughts.
Was I still in love? How could she do this to me? Is she a nymphomaniac? Was I in love with a slut? Why did I feel like I still wanted to protect her and be with her? How could I face the guys back at the dorm? What now? What now, indeed...
The girl I loved and who was so sweet to me and in love with me did like sex. She demonstrated that early and often with me in our five months together. She was a tease and I did enjoy hearing her stories of her adventures. I thought back to the story of her in the pickup truck with her old boyfriend. I thought about how hot it was seeing her lips wrapped around Robert's cock and how it looked buried in her tight pussy in the shower. I remembered Tommy's black monster buried in her ass. I realized that my girl was slutty and that I needed to be OK with it or I would never get to make love to her again. With us it was making love. I knew I needed to go to her.
I found her curled up on the bathroom floor softly crying. Getting down on my knees, I lifted her up cradled her in my arms and kissed her on the top of the head and cheek and told her I was sorry I shouted at her and that I loved her. She turned her head and looked at me questioningly. "You still love me?", she asked incredulously.
"Yes", I answered. "How? Why?", Donna responded. "I just fucked half of your friends."
"I don't know. I just do," I said. And I meant it. "Let's get you cleaned up."
I lifted her off the floor where she stood unsteadily. I helped her undress. She held my shoulders as I peeled off her tight bikini panties. I stopped at her ankles and saw that the panties were sodden at the gusset, filled with a thick coat of semen. Mixed into semen you could see stray pubic hairs, blonde, brown, and black. She looked down at the crotch as I held them at her ankle and gasped. "God, I'm glad I'm taking the Pill," she said. "Me, to," I answered. We both began to giggle.
We showered together where I washed her hair getting the semen out and soaped her body washing the signs of her gang bang away, except for the evidence of the bruises and hickeys covering her still pert little 34 B's. We had long french kisses as the water cascaded over us and she stroked my soap covered hard dick.
My mind went back to earlier in the afternoon where I watched her in another shower... My attempt to wash her crotch was stopped. She grabbed my wrist and said, "Stop. I'm too sore down there. I'll do it myself."
It was 9PM. We were missing Gator Growl, the pep rally at the stadium, but it was the furthest thing from my mind. Both of us were dried off and cuddling naked in the bed as she was exhausted from her day. She was dozing off and on with her head on my chest when she said, "I'm starving,". I was too! I asked where she wanted to go and she said, "Let's call Domino's. I don't think I can sit anywhere for a while." I got up and grabbed the yellow pages. Finding the number, I made the call.
We remained naked until we heard the knock on the door. I jumped up and slid on a pair of gym shorts. Donna sat up in the bed and pulled the top sheet up to her neck covering herself. When I turned and saw this I said, "What? Are you suddenly shy?"
Her eyes met mine and she threw the sheet off towards the foot of the bed and sat there, with her knees drawn up to her chest, naked. Then my young pretty girlfriend smiled her beautiful sexy smile with a frisky gleam in her eyes.
I opened the door and met the delivery guy. He was older than the college kids who normally made deliveries. He was in his 40's, medium height, skinny and a scraggly beard. I invited him in and told him to set the pizza and sodas on the table. His eyes bugged out when he saw Donna.
My wallet was in my jeans on the couch across the room and, as I went to get it, I watched as Donna lowered her legs a bit revealing her tits to this stranger. She then let her left leg fall open with her right knee still drawn up, towards his view, revealing her well used pussy to his gaze.
She smiled at him and asked, "You like?" He nodded his head vigorously as he moved towards her. Donna said, "You can look, but no touching." He stood by the bed and stared at her for about two or three minutes as she sat there, smiling, on full display. She even reached down and touched her tender pussy and pulled the lips apart by the soft blonde down surrounding it giving him a look at the cum still seeping from her.
I snapped him out of his stupor by saying, "I have your money."
He turned to me with a huge smile on his face and said, "Damn! You don't need to tip me," which started all of us laughing.
Donna further stunned us both when she got out of bed, threw her arms around the delivery guys neck, and French kissed him while his hands moved down cupping her bare ass. She broke the embrace pushing him off her, stepped back, smiled, and said, "Bye. Thanks for the pizza." He continued to look back at her as he staggered towards the door and where I paid and tipped him and ushered him out.
As soon as the door shut, we both started laughing and she stepped into my hug. She looked up at me with her beautiful brown eyes and said, "I think you like a naughty girlfriend." She was right as my dick was like iron and had found its way out, down the leg of my gym shorts.
The pizza was eaten in bed and our hunger abated. My desire for Donna was not abated though. I cleared off the bed and started making out with her. When I tried to finger her and she let out a little yelp, "That kind of hurts. You'll have to wait until my I'm not so sore. You friends really wore me out"
Frustrated, I lay back on the bed. Why was this denied me when all these guys had her pussy AND her virgin ass? Donna leaned forward and said, "I'm sorry. I can still suck you. Have you even cum today?"
"No," I replied. She lowered her head to my lap and began licking my dick and stroking it while looking into my eyes.
Donna continued until I said, "Spin around. I want to eat your pussy,"
She stopped and said, "You don't want to do that I'm still leaking. I'm not clean."
I commanded, "Spin around."
After she had turned around and had her pussy just above me, she turned back towards me and said, "Are you sure? Be gentle, please." I grabbed her hips and lowered her pussy onto my mouth when she let out a low moan. I could see, inches away from my face, her inflamed lips and red sensitive ass hole framed by her alabaster skin. She then took my penis in her warm mouth.
I began to lick her softly knowing she was still tender. I parted her pubic hair and played with her clit. She began undulating her hips again, a sure sign of her arousal. I tasted her and the salty cum of others as she opened and released her nectar. She had ceased her sucking of my dick as she felt her orgasm build.
Having cum, she moved off my face and straddled my hips. She leaned down and gave me a long fierce wet French kiss as she tasted her used pussy on my face.
She then slid down and said, "I love you more than life itself, Alex. Thank you for loving me."
She took my dick in her mouth and kept constant eye contact with me and finished the job. My first cum for the day. It was huge and she started choking. She swallowed what she could, and the rest poured back down into my matted pubes. We kissed and cuddled and fell asleep. Her scent on my face and her love in my heart. We both made some discoveries about ourselves that day.