You awake with a start, gasping air into your lungs, your naked body sweating as though you've been straining physically. Your cock is hard, painfully hard. Your mouth is dry and your head feels like it was stuffed with cotton balls. Why can't I reach a clear thought? What time is it? Never mind that, what day is it? Your thoughts try to race, hurrying to take stock, but they are mired and slowed in your mind. Like the dreams where you try to run but your body feels like it's wading through molasses.
As you reach down to stroke your aching erection you hear a soft echo. The throaty voice is so soft and distant you wonder if you're just remembering your dream. What was I dreaming about? Your mind struggles to follow the thin thread of memory to what you were seeing just as you awoke. It's important. Something about this dream is so important. You need to get back. Back to...the path to your thoughts and memories is so foggy and dark.
You hear the echo again, a little more clearly this time. The tone is urgent, pleading, desperate, and for some reason the echo creates a vibration that you feel deep in your groin. Your balls tighten in anticipation and your cock jerks, weeping pre-cum. You are so desperate for release. That echo... something about that echo is the answer to your release.
You take in a deep breathe and shore up every ounce of your mental and physical strength to lift your hand to your cock. You are inches from sweet relief when the echo rings in your mind again, more clearly, more desperate than before.
"Encore! S'il te plaît encore, mon amour! J'ai besoin de toi!"
A woman's voice, throaty and raspy with need. She needs you, now. She's pleading for you. Even while driving straight through your core, making you hotter and more desperate for release, her voice pulls at your consciousness, compelling your eyes to close. As your eyelids flutter, your breathing evens out, and your muscles relax. You feel the tension that stopped you from moving fall away. Your eyelids are heavy as you open them and realize that you are in a strange room, laying on your stomach between the softest thighs you have ever felt.
"Finalement! Je t'emprie, vite mon amour! Ah! Je suis presque là, si proche. Aide moi!"
You become aware of the woman who owns the soft thighs and compelling voice. Smooth legs lead to the flaring curve of soft hips. Somehow you know they are perfect handles to grip as you stroke your cock deep into her pussy. Her soft smooth stomach stretches as her back and hips arch, communicating how close she is, how much she needs the orgasm that is just on the edge. Each thrust of her needy hips makes the round globes of her breasts jiggle and bounce drawing your attention to her tight nipples reaching for the ceiling. Her soft hair flows across her breasts. A clear vision comes to your mind of winding that hair in your fist as you drive your cock into her eager throat.
The thoughts come to your mind naturally. You're not usually so forward but something tells you this is right, this is exactly where you need to be. Your purpose is to help this beautiful woman find her release, and she will return the favour. This draws your attention back to the gorgeous sight inches from your face. Her pussy is engorged, so wet, having clearly been worked hard. By your tongue, your cock, your fingers? Her fingers? Dammit! Your muddled thinking won't allow you to follow the thread.
You are distracted by the desperate need to bury your face between her thighs and to slide your tongue inside her warm wet pussy. Your nose nudges her engorged clit and you feel her thighs and hips shake and buck as the walls of her pussy squeeze your tongue. You moan as your cock throbs, desperate to feel the soft wet tightness that your tongue has the privilege of stroking.
"Ouiiiiii! Comme ça! N'arrête pas!"
Stop? You could never stop. You exist for this. The feeling of soft thighs squeezing your head, your tongue being sucked desperately into her pussy as your mouth is flooded by her release. Your cock bucks as you sense her breath becoming more and more even as her hips and thighs relax. Your urgent need for release comes barrelling forward as your breath hitches. It strikes you that you've never felt so desperate to sink your cock into a woman. And yet, your mind can't even pull out the memory of her name.
As you pull yourself up to position yourself between those strong soft thighs, you give in to the desire to wrap your lips around the ripe tightened buds of her nipples. Sucking deeply and flicking your tongue firmly over first the right, then the left one, returning and repeating this cycle until you feel her hips shifting beneath you and her legs lifting to wrap around your waist, silently begging you to bury your cock as deeply into her as you can. Her soft moans are punctuated by ragged breaths. You can't remember but you realize with a little pride that clearly you've made her come several times already.
Your breath catches in your chest as you lift your head to stare into beautiful eyes hazy with lust and desire for... you. Only you. As you look into her eyes it becomes crystal clear in your mind. Only you can meet her needs and give her relief. Only you can make her cum so completely. She needs you. Your hands, your fingers, your mouth, your tongue, your cock. With this thought your cock swells impossibly. You've never been so hard, so desperate for release as you are struck with an even more shocking realization. It's true for you too. Only she can relieve the ache. You need her, her hands, her mouth, her throat, her soft, hot, wet, gripping pussy.
With a groan, still staring into those mesmerizing eyes, you finally drive your cock deep into her pussy. She's so wet, so ready. You both sigh with relief as your balls settle against her labia. You pause for a moment relishing how perfect this feels, as though her pussy had been fitted for just your cock. As you lean down to kiss her swollen parted lips, you feel her inner muscles contract, a telltale warning that she's about to cum again. Because of you. Because your thick cock is filling her up, just as she needs. Because your strong arms have tilted her hips at the perfect angle. You smile smugly as you slide your tongue into her hot mouth, wrapping your lips gently around her tongue and sucking for a moment before starting to slide your tongue slowly in and out, dragging it against the sensitive sides of her tongue, the roof of her mouth, flicking briefly before diving in again. Your hips mirror the efforts of your tongue, grinding as deeply into her hot, tight pussy as you can, before dragging your cock along the top of her pussy wall as you pull out, faster and harder with each stroke. By the fifth stroke her legs are shaking uncontrollably. She is already so sensitive from her previous orgasms that it won't take much to bring her over the edge.
Instinctively you know you want more. You need more. You need to devastate her. You need her to be even more desperate for you. Addicted to you body, your cock, your orgasms. You need her to need you more than air. To need you as much as you need her. You lift your mouth from hers, trailing hot kisses to her right ear. You somehow know she's most sensitive on this side and you know how to tip her into desperation.
"Mon amour a besoin que je l'a remplisse? Elle a été sage? Elle mérite que je la bourre?". Your mind is briefly confused even as you whisper hotly in her ear asking if she's been a good girl and deserves all of your cum. Since when do I speak French?
"Ouiiii!", is the desperate breathless response. "Je t'emprie, mon amour! Fourre-moi! Bourre-moi! Encore plus fort! Encore plus vite! Encore plus creux! Ouiii!! Encoooore!"
"That's my good girl", you whisper, relieved. You can feel the urgency and desperation in her throaty pleas at the base of your balls. Her demands to fill her fast and hard, to make her pussy overflow with your sperm makes your balls swell and tighten against your body. Your cock feels longer and thicker than you've ever felt it before and her pussy feels increasingly hot and tight, her muscles rippling against your cock as she falls into an eye-rolling intense orgasm. Her pussy sucks, squeezes, milks your cock until you explode driving into her faster and faster, deeper and deeper and deeper and deeper...
"And One... you are now alert and awake from the trance feeling calm, relaxed and completely satiated." You hear a deep resonant male voice and it pulls you back into the moment.
Your grogginess dissipates quickly as applause roars in your ears. You look around you to see that you are on a large soft bed in the middle of a clear glass dome surrounded by appreciative onlookers. You can see that, whatever happened moments before, it clearly worked the crowd up who are in varying states of undress. Many of the men are rutting desperately against the asses of the women near them while squeezing their breasts and pussies over and under their clothes. The women are panting with heavy lidded lustful eyes gazing at your cock and beyond your cock to...
You follow their line of sight to see the sexiest engorged pussy nestled between the softest thighs. It has clearly been thoroughly fucked and is full to the brim with cum. Your cum. Your gaze travels up the woman's smooth relaxed body, taking in soft round breasts, soft hair, and swollen damp lips. As memories come flooding back into your mind, you smile lovingly and incredulously into her beautiful eyes.
As she stretches, practically purring like a satisfied cat. Her familiar soft and throaty whisper wraps itself around you, sliding over your ears down your chest, pulling at your balls. "Mmmm, joyeuse anniversaire, mon amour. Tu as aimé ton cadeau?"
"It was the perfect anniversary gift, my love", you respond hoarsely as you reach down to kiss your wife deeply.