Jack-off parties exist around the world, offering a safe, fun, and social outlet for the shared expression of self-love. Still, very few attempt diversity by gender or sexual orientation. Based on experiences and observations made at kink events, this narrative supposes a real event of this type and is as much a proposal as it is a story.
***
Ethan wedged his laptop open and felt his fingers fly across the keyboard, spitting out the name of his usual source of pornographic videos through pure muscle memory. His awareness of the thoughtless and habitual visit to the site, as a result of his spontaneous impulses, bore a fleeting discomfort in his mind. Masturbation sessions had sunk into such a routine that any excitement involved in them sometimes felt overshadowed by the ritualistic curing of a need just so that he could get through the day.
Ethan wanted something more; an outlet that was somehow more engaging -- and more real.
The tempting services that promised a human connection, virtual online interaction with "real girls," had massively failed to deliver on the expectations he had fantasized about. Instead, he found himself scrolling through an endless feed of blowjobs, sorority girls being hazed in the nude, POV sex with hairy virtual girlfriends, locker room voyeurism, and other standard fare until a video thumbnail caught his eye purely due to the distinct attractiveness of the woman it featured.
Ethan clicked the video and hit play, anxious to see what the young woman looked like unclothed. She was impossibly cute and a little shy, speaking to a faceless man behind the camera that Ethan imagined to be himself. Instantly hard, his blood pumping with pure anticipatory arousal, Ethan wrestled his boxers off, squirted some lube onto himself, and then sat on the bed, slowly stroking himself into a state of bliss.
After the girl was instructed to undress, she smiled nervously as she pulled the cups of her bra away from her body and bared her naked breasts. Ethan began to stroke faster as he watched her coyly bite her lip and slide off a pair of lace panties. He gazed in wonder at her beautiful naked pussy; she was a bit hairy, her body full of all the natural charms and naked expressiveness that sometimes seemed to be missing in overproduced pornography. This actress was presented as a "real girl" -- and he was buying it; sexy, charming, and as seemingly unsure about her own sexual potential as he was.
Once the video reached its first depiction of penetration, Ethan imagined that it was him thrusting inside that tight pink canal, detailed in closeup by a wandering camera that then traveled up to a jostling pair of breasts and then pulled away for a grand reveal of a young woman seemingly beside herself with pleasure. Still, Ethan felt the weight of the unreality of it all, even as he was swept up into the experience and began to feel the need for release. Worse, while he could easily imagine fucking her, he couldn't quite trick himself into imagining a connection with her as a real, thinking, feeling person -- and it was something that felt so absent.
Looking into the girl's eyes, Ethan saw her staring back at him in wonder but yet felt no alliance of any kind. The computer screen was a wall, her pleasure mere pixels; but what could make it real? Ethan had no girlfriend at the moment and his opportunities for sex came infrequently. He struggled to find a satisfying outlet where he could delve deeper into his sexual needs more regularly and reliably that didn't necessarily come with all the struggles of navigating the dating world and the very different, albeit connected, matter of finding love.
Moreover, Ethan felt that most people probably felt the same way he did, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, or any other classification. His sexual frustration seemed like a universal one, somehow easily treatable and yet starved for ideas and unable to compete with the seemingly haphazard classification of behaviors as taboo.
As the girl cried out in pleasure and began to suffer an orgasm, Ethan quickly snatched a tissue and stroked furiously in a frantic attempt to sync his climax with hers -- anything to feel that sense of human companionship. Just like that, it was over, the tissue soaked through and through. What had become an intense need for release quickly gave way to waning interest, the laptop closed, and Ethan wandered off to the bathroom to clean up.
This unsatisfying experience somehow lingered in his mind. It remained there through the day, infected his dreams overnight, and woke him up the following morning. Something strange bubbled up inside as he lay there in bed; a glimmer of motivation, a fragment of optimism that somehow felt like it was calling to him from some not-too-distant place where his condition was well-understood.
Ethan opened his laptop again and began searching. He didn't quite know what he was searching for; something local, something risky but not too risky, something that might open a door for him. He'd know it when he found it, even if he'd never encountered anything like it before. The instant recognition came after more than forty-five minutes of reading about kinky events that seemed far beyond anything he could imagine summoning the courage to attend.
There, with a simple mention buried in an online forum, was a link to Self Love Central's web site.
Billed as a "Jack- and Jill-off club," Self Love Central's site was filled with a fair bit of philosophizing about the concept of self-love and theories about erotic expression, all infused with a sense of deep spirituality. A page about the two hosts described them as certified sex therapists and coaches and went into great detail about their qualifications. This made the whole concept feel just legitimate enough for Ethan to read on.
The FAQ section blew Ethan's mind; "what we do" read like something out of his own erotic fantasies, providing a brief glimpse into a world of co-ed mutual masturbation in a "safe and supportive environment" that seemed too good to be true. Still, after scouring the site, reading, and rereading whole sections in an attempt to force himself to take it all seriously, he finally clicked the link to submit a request to take part in the next scheduled event.
As a first-timer, Ethan learned that he would have to attend an initial workshop. It was a guided program, designed to help potential new members of the club wade into the intimidating waters of such an experience gradually and with "compassionate assistance." Ethan nearly chickened out as he completed the request form but it was too late, he was too far committed. Aside from having to confirm that he understood the rules, that he would bring a towel, and agreed to other requirements, he had to answer embarrassing questions like "Are you the owner of a vagina or a penis?" which seemed like an odd way to assess his identity during the signup process.
When he finished, he could only think, "What did I just do? Can I really go through with this? Will it actually deliver on the fantasy I have in my mind?"
There was only one way to find out -- and Ethan wasn't sure how he would make it through the period of anticipation that lay between now and then.
***
The subway car rattled through the tunnels as it sped across a subterranean world beneath the borough of Brooklyn, then rose above ground and clattered onto the elevated rails. Ethan exited in Bushwick and made his way down the stairs to the street, surrounded by mom and pop restaurants with steaming food packed into the windows, wide basketball courts, and a grand tableau of colorful graffiti depicting a local community organizer. Walking along the bright blue row of Citi Bikes, he checked his phone to confirm the location he was headed to.
He came upon the building; a nondescript structure between a beauty salon and a Spanish deli. It appeared to be mixed-use and overtaken for various purposes by younger generations moving into the neighborhood in search of cheaper rent. On the second floor, he found the studio space marked with a large "SLC," prominently indicating the event inside, albeit with obvious discretion.
Ethan took a deep breath and tried the door, swinging it open to reveal a wonderland of yogic serenity that clashed with the working-class feel of the neighborhood that surrounded it. However, it was a welcoming environment, filled with fairy lights, plants, colorful tapestries, and some scented candles beside a little shrine whose decorated goddess remained an alluring mystery.
The moment he entered, a few sets of eyes quickly darted up and assessed his sudden presence. A thin young woman in a tie-dye t-shirt and spandex seemed to study him carefully. She looked like the type one would see at an event like that; a little spiritual tattoo gracing her arm and a shiny stud in one nostril. As nervous as she seemed, Ethan read in her eyes a pleasant, peaceful nature.
Two young men to the woman's left, both seated on cushions, seemed more out of place. One was dressed as if he'd just gotten out of work, despite it being a Saturday morning. The other seemed equally bewildered, occasionally wiping his sweaty palms on a faded pair of jeans. Truthfully, Ethan didn't quite know who to expect would show up at such an event and thought it quite possible that it would draw seekers from all walks of life.
A man and woman emerged from a side room holding two plastic bins. "Here we go," the woman said in a sing-songy voice. She placed the bin down as the man arrived to set his beside it. "Can you get this started? I'll start checking people in," she added.
"Yes, go ahead. I'll take care of it," the man said, his voice tinged with an indistinct European accent of some kind.
The woman waltzed over to the four attendees that had gathered as Ethan finished removing his shoes and leaving them in the small pile by the door. He understood that this was Harmony and that the man she had carried supplies with was Luca, her partner and co-host for the event.
"Hi, guys! We'll just need a few moments to finish setting up and then you can find a spot in the circle. In the meantime, I need to see a form of identification and I'll look you up on the RSVP list."
Harmony floated through the room as if she were some kind of ethereal nature spirit. Her loose-fitting clothing trailed in the air behind her and her long flaxen hair spilled down over her slender shoulders. It wasn't lost on Ethan that the clothes she wore were uniquely suited for quick and easy removal. With a high degree of enthusiasm, Harmony approached each person to process their entry, so Ethan learned that his fellow participants were Piper, Nick, and Jalen. Harmony seemed to be completely oblivious to their anxieties, or at least chose to strategically ignore them.
As more participants arrived, Harmony continued this process, passing around a consent waiver to sign. Meanwhile, Luca was placing objects in the center of the room that carried a great deal of intimidating weight, such as boxes of tissues, hand wipes, and bottles of lube. Ethan soon joined the others in choosing a spot in the room, following others' lead in arranging themselves into a wide circle around Luca's supplies. Instinctively, the girls clung together as the guys made quick effort to sit beside one of them, secretly hoping to be close to a naked girl.
"Oh, let's try to go boy-girl-boy-girl here, but feel free to chose a spot that aligns with the way you identify," Harmony said, briefly distracted from her job of receiving doe-eyed arrivals. Surprised at the gender balance, Ethan wondered if they limited the number of men in attendance. They also seemed interested in gently challenging people to get outside their comfort zones.
The group nervously reshuffled into the requested arrangement as Ethan laid out his towel and took a seat. A curvy Latina approached the slowly-forming circle, standing beside Ethan and searching the area in contemplation. She looked down at him briefly and then placed her towel beside his.
"Hey," Ethan said in a voice so awkwardly quiet he wasn't sure she'd even heard him.
"Hey," the young woman replied, her voice equally reflective of rattled nerves.
After several minutes, Ethan estimated that there were about fifteen to twenty participants gathered there, including Harmony and Luca who had placed their own towels in the circle. They smiled happily at everyone as the last remaining stragglers settled into place, displaying nothing more than a pin-drop silence.
"Okay-- welcome everyone!" Harmony exclaimed cheerfully. "I'm happy to see so many new faces!"
Ethan looked around the room and observed the same relative anxiousness written across the faces of all those who had attended. While that didn't necessarily help him manage his high degree of panic better, he knew he'd feel even worse if he was the only one unnerved by the situation.
Being partially established as a 101 workshop for newbies, Harmony and Luca proceeded to take turns going into detail on a wide range of topics. It started with a philosophical discussion on sexuality which attendees were invited to participate in, though few spoke up. Luca directly addressed the sense of anxiety that everyone felt and extolled a vision of sexuality that was nurturing and transformative. Harmony spoke to the specific challenges of misogyny faced by women and how important it was to her to create safe spaces where they felt comfortable and men had opportunities to learn and grow in their presence.
From there, they began to speak to practical matters involving the activities they were about to engage in together. Ethan's heart rate spiked as they began to talk about the lube that had been provided for anyone who wanted to make use of it, how important hygiene was, especially after the event, and how toys such as dildos and vibrators were most welcome should anyone wish to make use of one that they brought. At times the dialogue was intimidatingly graphic and served as a difficult reminder of the challenge that lay before Ethan as he found himself as scared to proceed as he was aroused by the idea of what was about to take place.
The rules of engagement were more or less what Ethan expected. Towels were to be placed at least six inches apart, participants were allowed, and even encouraged, to observe one another while "engaging in self-love." Respect, however, was the golden rule; no one was to make any gestures or comments to the other attendees, aside from moans or other involuntary expressions of enjoyment. Strict boundaries were in place, allowing for the simple observance of bodies embracing their personal explorations of pleasure. Focused attention should be non-threatening and limited to short durations of time before moving on.
"There are all kinds of bodies here and they're all worth celebrating, so let's try not to make any one person the sole recipient of our attention," Harmony had said. "All of this said, you absolutely do not have to focus your attention on anyone but yourself. Many come here to learn to engage in a simple inward expression of self-love and nothing more -- and that's absolutely a valid intent to bring to this space."
As important as the rules were, Harmony and Luca chose to speed through them quickly and not linger too long on matters that would cause any discomfort or alarm. Instead, they quickly transitioned back to a positive expression about what was to be shared.
"There's nothing wrong with curiosity", Harmony said. "Curiosity is what makes us human. In this space, let's direct our curiosity with a sense of compassion, connecting heart to heart as we explore our sexual inclinations as a group."
Luca went into a surreal description of tantric masturbation, requiring a sense of play and exploration to discover one's preferences. He suggested that everyone proceed slowly and take their time, that they let go of stress, boost a connection with themselves, and dismiss any thoughts about what they "should" be doing in favor of what simply feels right.
The last phase of the opening session involved a group exercise, so Luca instructed everyone to rise in place. The girls were to rotate around the circle clockwise and the guys in the opposite direction, introducing themselves with their first name and chosen pronouns. As they did this, they were to raise their hands into the space between each other, holding them there a few inches apart, establishing how it feels to be in close proximity to someone while also honoring each other's personal space. Ethan found this oddly helpful as he met each of the other participants and attempted to build a sense of trust.
He met a girly young woman named Shannon who seemed equally as enthusiastic as she was on edge. He met Mateo, a soft-spoken guy from the Bronx who had only recently moved to New York City from Mexico. He met Gabe, a young man as visibly confounded by his present surroundings as Ethan was, if not more, and the equally anxious Hailey. He also met the only couple in the room, a bit older than the rest, who seemed the least anxious about the scenario, if anxious at all. Liz, Sebastian, Renata, and Sarah rounded out the rest of the group, along with Jalen, Nick, and Piper he'd met before, each bringing their own unique energy to the circle.
As Harmony and Luca completed the first part of the event, Ethan felt desperate for a drink of water. Fortunately, a break came just in the knick of time.
"Now let's pause for a few minutes. If anyone needs to use the restroom one last time, this is the perfect moment. Otherwise, feel free to grab a snack or some water at the table there; all the items are vegan. After about five or ten minutes, I'll call everyone back to the circle and we will hold our first self-love session together."
With that, Harmony gestured to a small table back toward the entrance to the room. Little by little participants got up to stretch, go to the bathroom, or to head to the snack table. Ethan made his way to the water dispenser and poured some into a small cup, then lingered by the table as others arrived.
"How do I...?" Sarah said, trying to figure out how to get a drink.
"You have to press the little--" Ethan began to say.
"Ah, got it," she replied, pressing a small button to pump water into her cup.
Their voices were filled with nervousness and were careful to not make too much eye contact, aware of what state they were about to see each other in. Ethan began to sink into a state of denial; maybe they would be handed blankets to cover themselves with, maybe the lights would be turned off, maybe they would have to wear blindfolds. Somehow he couldn't imagine that events would unfold in as revealing a manner as he hoped for.
As Nick and Shannon arrived, Shannon took a deep breath before taking a carrot stick and swiping it through a small tub of hummus. "Anyone else scared shitless?" Nick joked, finally breaking the relative silence with a wide grin forming on his face. He seemed a little awkward but with a blunt sense of humor.
Shannon exhaled suddenly and gasped, "Oh my god, seriously..." Sarah smiled quietly at her in recognition.
"I'm still sorta processing everything they just said..." Ethan added, trying to come up with something to add. Shannon's eyes widened and she gave him a heavy, slow nod. Their little group stepped to the side as others arrived to see what was offered on the table.
The few who had gathered together continued their stumbling conversation, each cautiously expressing a sense of anxiety and their thoughts so far. For all his panic, Ethan felt a small twinkle of camaraderie for the first time, hearing from some of the others a feeling that reflected his own. There was, after all, some small sense of security to be obtained by the understanding that the other attendees were equally frightened about getting naked and playing with themselves in direct view of others.
"Okay, let's start to make our way back to our spots now so we can begin," Harmony said after some time had passed.
When Harmony's voice called out across the room, calling everyone back to the circle, Ethan saw Nick, Shannon, and Sarah tense up, their bodies stiffening with the realization of what they were now about to do. Each of them quickly returned to the circle to sit down and a flash of terror overcame Ethan as he joined them.
The mere sound of Harmony's voice had struck Ethan's heart like a dagger; his body became flush with fear and arousal, his mind raced, and a queasy feeling began to form in his stomach. Settling back down on his towel, he noticed that Luca had begun to dim the lights slightly. As they softened, Ethan felt a mix of emotions; on the one hand, there was a sense of relief in the security of dimmer lighting, on the other hand, he worried that it might make it harder to see naked female bodies he was so deeply curious about. However, as his eyes began to adjust he realized that the change posed no problems at all and only fostered some additional sense of comfort.
Harmony, seated in lotus position beside her partner, resumed her instruction in a soft, soothing voice. "At this time, we'd now like to invite everyone to begin undressing. You may fold and place your clothing directly behind you, or wherever you have a spot, and then everyone please join each other at the center of your towel, legs crossed like this, and we'll begin opening a sacred space together."
It happened just like that: no fanfare, just a simple invitation to do the unthinkable.
None of the guards Ethan supposed would apparently be put in place, there would really only be naked bodies observing other naked bodies. A quiet panic spread around the room as participants began to make deliberately slow movements toward completing the requested task. Shoes were already off and left by the door earlier but socks seemed to take twice as long to remove. The quiet pop of a button or zip of a fly rattled Ethan as he began coming to terms with the situation he would find himself in, in just a matter of moments.
If the guys were achingly slow, the girls were even slower; everyone seemed to stall as underwear emerged from beneath outer clothing. Eyes remained affixed squarely to towels, afraid to look at others or to register the fact that their bodies were increasingly visible. Ethan, too, cast his eyes downward but soon dared to take a brief look across the circle.
Shannon was in the process of removing her lacy black bra -- seemingly in slow motion as Ethan processed what he was seeing. He had spoken with her just moments ago but now, just like that, he watched her breasts spill loosely forward and give a springy bounce. Shannon had perky, raised nipples, medium in size, and distinctly salmon-colored. Ethan quickly looked away as a swarm of butterflies flooded his stomach, then looked up again. The stony-faced girl was breathing in and out deeply as she tipped her body to the side and reached back to slide her panties over the soft cushion of her fleshy buttocks.
As Shannon slipped them off, Ethan held his breath and caught sight of a soft mass of brown pubic hair, then he endured the shock of seeing a complete stranger's shaved pussy lips sitting just below this provocative chestnut-colored fluff. He looked away again, trying to tiptoe his way into the awareness of the nudity surrounding him to avoid an immediate erection. When he looked up again, he was startled by the vast array of naked breasts and vulvas alternating with newly exposed penises that flopped out and seemed just beginning to flirt with growing arousal. Ethan caught someone's eye, looked away, and then caught someone else's as participants frantically searched for some comfortable place to look. As everyone managed to find some neutral place to focus -- a spot on the floor or on the bare wall -- they shuffled into the same lotus position that Harmony and Luca had taken.
"Let us bring our attention inward," Harmony was saying, her perfect boobs suddenly sprouting nimbly from her chest in a beautiful teardrop shape. "We're going to open our heart chakras together and purge our impurities. Let us embrace our capacity to love ourselves and one another. We'll begin with a breathing exercise." She took a sharp inhale, causing her chest to inflate and send her wine-colored nipples bowing outward into the circle as if she were making them as an offering.
Ethan's eyes periodically dropped from the blank wall across the room, glancing off a body or two before going back to the safety of a neutral zone. He couldn't fight the fact that his attention instinctively ping-ponged from body to body, making a mental snapshot of a pink nipple here, a hairy bush there, the sight of a pendulous dick tucked down in the space between a man's legs, or the deep cleft of a naked, hairless vulva.
Harmony continued, "Take a deep breath in. Allow it to fill your belly. Now feel it expanding your ribcage. Let the breath enter your chest. Now exhale in the reverse. Allow the air to leave the cavity of your chest, your ribcage, feel your stomach emptying. Let's continue like that for a few minutes."
Ethan followed her instructions, along with everyone else, breathing slowly in and out and trying to steady his mind. Luca's voice rose up against the backdrop of many concurrent inhalations and exhalations. Everywhere, naked female breasts rose and fell, trembling, and carefully assessed by wandering eyes.
"Now let's begin to define our sacred space together," Luca said, his eyes gently closed and a placid expression on his face. "You have nowhere to be right now but right here, cultivating a sense of gratitude toward yourself and others, a harmony with those around you who chose to join you in this space. This is an environment which passes no judgment. We can be free to embrace our nakedness as well as our sexual energy." Ethan felt that the nervousness around the room began to plateau instead of continuing its constant rise.
"Let's open our hearts to one another, embrace the vulnerability, feel safe in the company of our peers; safe to explore the importance of self-love together, to explore the acceptance of our bodies, the investigation of our deepest impulses, channeling them in a positive, life-affirming manner and working toward a sense of total serenity and dissolution into the world around us."
As the hosts continued leading a guided refocusing of the mind, Ethan noticed Gabe sitting far to his right. He seemed to be squeezing his eyes shut and gritting his teeth. It was an odd expression and he didn't quite know what it was indicating. However, it soon became apparent what his fellow attendee was struggling with. The young man's penis was growing -- and rapidly so. He sat there fighting it as if begging the universe for mercy to help him avoid embarrassment... but it was no use.
Gabe remained seated with his legs folded, a massively erect penis soon rising into the air from his lap, pulsing and twitching as it went, until it extended at great length to invade the group circle, crowned with a distinctive ridged head and visibly throbbing. He looked mortified and helpless, however, Ethan felt a great sympathy at how ashamed he must have been with his swollen cock triumphantly presenting itself to the room.
Ethan glanced around the circle, seeking reactions, and found that many others were doing the same. He expected smirks and laughs but there were none. Instead, everyone seemed to be glancing over at the red-faced young man before looking away again, then shifting their eyes back over in his direction, this time less obvious about where they were looking. The girls seemed especially taken aback, attentive yet seemingly unsure how to react to the sight of a boy sitting nearby with a sizable boner sprouting from his lap, no doubt inspired by the sight of their naked bodies.
As the guided commentary continued, however, the group was immediately relieved of this brief scandal. With great compassion for Gabe's plight, of which Harmony had become equally aware, participants were soon reminded that he had simply just had a head start on an experience they were all going to embrace openly. She had flipped the whole thing on its head; his arousal wasn't something to cringe at or be embarrassed by -- it was to be celebrated, his skyward, fully-erected penis a pronouncement of the tremendous pulse of life that connected each and every individual that was present.
"Let us now begin taking the opportunity of exploring our bodies through touch and play. For those of you who are owners of a vagina, I invite you to begin with a slow, comfortable self-massage to develop our sense of arousal before we work up to other techniques. If you're the owner of a penis, feel free to take some of the lube if you like and begin with a simple, gentle stroke, always remembering your breath."
The statements Harmony was making still seemed so shocking to Ethan. Nonetheless, he quickly reached for one of the bottles of lube and gave it a shake to loosen the goopy liquid inside. Ethan felt the girls to his left and right assessing his actions with quiet curiosity as he squirted a jelly-like substance into his hand and began working his penis with it. It felt cool and slimy at first but quickly warmed up as he rubbed it over his stiffening member. Afraid to look at his neighbor's expressions, Ethan instead watched himself growing in his hands until his penis was long, hard, and coated in a thin, slippery film that made his shaft look shiny.
With his hand on his cock, he turned to Hailey, sitting to his right, and asked if she wanted some. "No thank you," she said nervously.
Beneath his eyes, he became aware of the two perky boobs projecting from her chest and found it to be a relief that he could notice them without fear of an erection he was already permitted to have. Still, Ethan felt like he'd already goofed in even asking a neighbor a foolish question. He chose to dismiss it from his mind and tried to focus again on the task at hand, now bolstered by the close look he'd just taken at Hailey's lively breasts and pointed nipples.
Ethan's awareness that the two girls beside him might be looking at his erect penis caused him great anxiety. He couldn't imagine what was going through their minds as he crawled forward to return the bottle of lube to the space in front of him, fully conscious of the fact that his stiff, swollen cock bobbed and swung dramatically beneath his body like a baseball bat. He glanced to his right as he shifted back to his seat, able to just catch a glimpse of Hailey attempting to suppress a shy smirk.
As Ethan sat back on his towel and began slowly stroking the full length of his penis, he gawked at the activity surrounding him. It was a mind-blowing spread of mass sexual activity. Everywhere he looked, there was a pair of wiggling breasts, an upright cock pulsing with fierce arousal, or a girl boldly spreading a pussy encircled with fuzz, her fingers teasing the soft, dewy flesh within her moistly expanding sex.
"Oh god..." Ethan whispered to himself in his mind, a powerful tingling sensation flooding his body with endorphins as all his senses activated and his mind struggled to cope with the intense excitement that overtook him. The sight of so many people masturbating together seemed astonishing; engaging in an activity together that felt so private and personal and normally out of public view. The incredible nature of the situation only became more astounding as soft moans began to emerge from around the circle.
"We're really doing this..." he thought, his ruminations dizzying in nature. "We're all masturbating together..." He felt the texture of a fluid, different from the lube, and knew that he was already leaking.
Ethan's eyes traveled over to the older couple in the room, possessing a different attitude than the rest of the group. Geoffrey sat and watched the crowd around him as he tugged erratically at his cock, sending his balls, covered in wiry, graying hairs, up and down, gently bouncing them against the towel he was seated on. His wife, Dorothy, sat a short distance away, her heavy breasts with their reddish, elongated nipples hanging from her chest and shimmying about with a loose wobble. Her knees were up in the air, her pale hips wide to the room, exposing a contrastingly thick mass of black pubes like a dense forest between her legs. As she surveyed the circle, she caught Ethan's brief attention and settled there, acknowledging his cautious interest.
Something was comforting about the way Dorothy calmly looked at Ethan, her maturity and sexual experience somehow validating his intimidating new journey as he began to open his mind to sexual exploration and expressiveness. He felt as if she'd once been where he was now, that she had successfully integrated experiences similar to this into her life, and that her very presence could help show him the way forward.
Dorothy smiled softly and rubbed herself; the thick, meaty outer lips of her mons puffy with arousal as she calmly examined the youthful vigor of his impressive erection. She seemed to be communicating her calm acceptance with the fact that Ethan sat there curiously examining her spread pussy, the reddish-pink portal open to him like an unfathomably sticky hole. Ethan wondered how a couple such as that felt about each other participating in such an act together. Did it bring them closer or was there any jealousy? Did she really not feel upset as her husband sat there indulging in the sight of various young, voluptuous girls exposing their naked breasts and pussies to him as he tried to excite them with the tugging of his cock?
No, he thought not -- she did much the same with the guys. Together they shared in the celebration of their sexual energy as Ethan watched them exchange tender looks, even admiring each other's bodies just as they admired those around them. If anything, it seemed to bring them closer. Ethan glanced at the faces of the others that were present, fascinated by the incredibly palpable experience of sexual liberation spreading throughout the room, enacted by young men and women that he'd so keenly observed as intimated or outright scared earlier when they were fully clothed.
Far across the circle to his left, Sebastian sat there with eyes as wide as the moon, his face flush with awe, his mouth partly open in sheer disbelief of it all. The object of his intense wonder was Shannon, seated a few places to his left, as their eyes briefly connected before returning to liberal gawking at each other's body. Sebastian's hand zipped back and forth along his upright shaft at breakneck speed, emitting an audibly slick sound. He seemed startled by the curious attention he received from Shannon as he somehow mustered the courage to let her watch him stroke his naked, erect penis right in front of her. His face seemed to be devastated by a confused delight, darting back and forth between the sight of her damp, hairy crotch and his own cock that he was eager and titillated to present in its fully-aroused state.
Shannon, too, seemed overwhelmed; brimming with complex feelings of residual shame and embarrassment mixed with feelings of intense curiosity and arousal, sitting there taut and full of so much tension as she allowed Sebastian to observe her in that equally exposed state; with two very spirited boobs springing about her chest, her legs spread wide as she excitedly played with her visibly wet pussy. Shannon seemed startled by the sight of his massively swollen genitals and the jostling of his bulky testicles as he demonstrated a profound catharsis in his ability to pleasure himself in the open. The tension broke as Sebastian let out a small laugh which prompted Shannon to do the same, and the two of them continued to joyfully engage in the mutual celebration of a rarely-exhibited penis and pussy.
These interactions played out throughout the room as eyes wandered from person to person. Ethan observed the voyeuristic shock of girls startled by the sight of so many guys, wildly aroused and tugging at their swollen cocks. He observed the deep absorption of the same guys as they became entranced by playfully jiggling breasts and hairy vulvas manipulated by fingers that zipped in circles and disturbed the fuzzy lips that parted to reveal flashes of silky pink flesh he imagined ached with profound sensitivity.
He observed these things from a distance, and yet they were so near to him; so real -- authentic expressions of pleasure. It was a pleasure that could be directly witnessed, smelled, heard; pleasure that was mutual and shared willingly, with an incredible degree of vulnerability and sympathetic suffering.
Ethan looked down and watched as the thick, reddish head of his cock squeezed through his fingers and then back into his fist, shiny and slick with lube, crackling with the sound of stickiness. He felt the presence of eyes on it from his neighbor to his left and glanced over at Renata, the petite, brown-skinned Latina with round, full breasts. She watched in startled amazement at the sight of his penis, coated in a viscous fluid, protruding so dramatically from his body as he worked feverishly to polish it with his hand. Ethan could smell himself; the deep, masculine musk of his steely cock wafting by his nose.
As a matter of proximity, Ethan knew that she was no doubt smelling him too, that both of them could smell the odors of sex all around them. His nose was equally flooded with the mysterious, earthy tang of cum-soaked pussy. The room was filled with signals; audible, visual, and olfactory -- the only elements that connected their shared experiences in a space where one could still feel safely confined within their personal boundaries.
These signals were exactly what Ethan needed. Renata was not so much different than the woman he had seen in that pornographic video; shy but sexually curious, just like he was, beautiful, with expressive breasts and a lovely pussy surrounded by a dark patch of carefully trimmed pubic hair. She was aware that he noticed her attention and became tense, however, he reassured her with a sympathetic smile. Renata soon seemed to relax, even if her fingers were full of frantic activity.
As Ethan took Renata's gradually increasing comfort as an invitation to look down between her legs, she timidly widened her body a little further for him, boldly offering to acknowledge and support his curious attention. He watched in respectful silence as she gawked at him with an expression of crisis. Renata moaned softly as she plunged her fingers inside her body, finger-fucking herself with two digits squeezed tightly together, her inner labia pulling and stretching with wet suction as she penetrated her pussy with a sense of desperation and surrender. Ethan would never have pegged Renata as the type of girl who wanted badly to show herself performing such an act -- but then again, he imagined anyone that had come to the event must have had some deeply rooted erotic desire to share a moment like that.
Renata's soft moans reached his ears, the wet "shlicking" sound of her body did too, as did the very personal feminine scent of her saturated vagina teasing his nose with its earthy humidity and creating a fullness of the experience that made it undeniably real. Ethan's heart pounded as he could see and hear that Renata began producing a large quantity of secretions, occasionally distracted by the sight of his swollen penis before sinking back into what appeared to be an intense, inwardly-focused experience of deep pleasure.
In fact, he noticed that as a whole the men seemed to be driven by sustained attention to the sexual activity of the women nearby while the women seemed instead to be channeling something from within, only occasionally refueling their innermost desires with peeks at the intense physical arousal of the fellow participants -- their attention, even then, divided between male and female participants alike.
Whatever the recipe was for the mutual, burning pleasure that surrounded them, be it personal or affected by the experience of living in a world replete with complicated expectations for their bodies or potential for sexual expression, men and women alike appeared to find their way to the type of experience they wanted from a social setting. Each of them was soon harnessing some aspect of their shared expression of pleasure while also adhering to their personal response to the situation they found themselves in.
For a long while, they continued in this manner, exploring their bodies, building sexual tension, working themselves into a tizzy together in full view of one another. It was obvious that each of them was increasingly unafraid to put themselves on view in the most intimate ways imaginable. Even the shyest members of the group had broken; masturbating openly with an enthusiasm that could only previously had emerged in private.
Across the circle, Liz seemed to confirm Ethan's initial suspicions that she was a lesbian due to the way she shut everyone out except for her frequent and focused peeks at Hailey. Oblivious to Liz's attention, Hailey nonetheless added a potent fuel to Liz' fire as she sat there massaging one of her breasts with one hand and gently fingering her distended clit with the other. Liz had her hips wedged open, her bare, reddish, sopping mound the victim of her angry fingers and what seemed to be an intense desire for Hailey to look up and indulge in the display of her slippery femininity.
It occurred to Ethan that he assumed such a co-ed masturbation club would be attended by men and women who wanted to watch each other -- but as he looked around the room he became acutely conscious of the fact that there were participants that were both gay and straight, as well as white, black, and brown, young and old -- all were welcome. Emancipation through self-love was clearly a gift to all in the manner that Harmony and Luca had conceived and presented it.
Additionally, Ethan hadn't been sure what it would be like to see other guys masturbating but it wasn't as unusual as he imagined. Sure, it didn't provide the sexual thrill he had while watching the girls. However, he felt some comfort in instinctually knowing precisely what they were feeling in the grip of strong arousal. Not only that, Ethan quietly observed that Nick had a few tricks up his sleeve that he did not.
The way Nick manipulated his cock made him look like a trained expert and if anything, there was something to be learned from his efforts. Who knew that the art of male masturbation had so many varied techniques! While Ethan was just used to a straightforward up and down motion along his shaft, Nick incorporated all sorts of styles of stimulating his cock. He massaged his testicles, he curled his fingers around his cockhead in a circular motion, he even created an apexed roof with both hands and slipped his penis through a gap in the center.
Ethan opted to follow one of Nick's leads by employing a complex twisting motion. It gave him the most incredible sensation and he wondered why he'd never experimented with different strokes before. As he began exploring, it was like he was masturbating for the first time all over again. He began to chuckle at the sensations, turning red as Renata began to giggle beside him, taken with his renewed delight at the way he excitedly manipulated the large erection sprouting from his lap. It seemed to flood her mind with fascination as if it were resolving a tremendous curiosity about what guys did with their boners when no one was watching.
Meanwhile, a couple of the girls cautiously pulled toys out of their bags, having held them there secretly as if unsure whether to actually go through with revealing their presence to the room. While Sarah's was simple -- an elongated purple rod -- Piper's personal "boyfriend" fascinated Ethan even more. As it emerged from her bag, it looked as if she grasped a real man's protuberant erection. It was long and stiff, but with a little bit of flexibility, and had a bulky pair of balls attached. Rendered in rather accurate flesh tones, it was also crafted in exquisite detail, complete with subtle veining and a carefully sculpted head.
Ethan watched as Piper reached down and sheepishly spread open her vagina, revealing the sweet pink flesh of her once-hidden femininity. She held the swollen head of her toy phallus at the entrance of her body and applied pressure. As the tip began to sink inside, it appeared to Ethan as if Piper were inserting a real penis into her body. Her lips expanded and he could almost feel the phantom sensation of her body giving way to fit the engorged object inside. Piper's eyes closed briefly as she sighed, swept up in the emotion released by having the foreign object fill her from the inside. Ethan relished the sight of her pussy's juicy suction, so shockingly intimate in nature, like a hungry mouth that began to devour and engulf a delicious specimen of bulky manhood.
Nearby, Jaylen seemed as perfectly entranced with Piper's actions as Ethan was. He laid back and thrust his pelvis forward, embracing the freedom of sharing the sight of his thick, swollen cock that rose like a fleshy, obsidian tower from a bed of curly black pubes. His hand zipped up and down like a piston as he jumped from girl to girl, enticed by the fluid motion of so many unique pairs of naked, jostling tits.
Nearby, Sarah began to breathe rapidly, her face twisted into an expression of beautiful anguish as she coyly assessed the handsome rod of flesh that Jaylen possessed. She smoothly moved her slick purple dildo through her body as if imagining it belonged to him. All eyes were suddenly on Sarah as she started to lose control, beginning to huff and puff, her eyes widening with a visible intensity of emotion.
"Oh fffh -- mhh!" Sarah gasped in surprise as her hips churned feverishly against the long, messy dildo that she quickly thrust inside and out. She yanked it out of her body and dropped it in front of her, then flung her hand between her legs, frantically whipping her fingers back and forth across her budding clit.
"Ngh! Yes... yes... mmmmh!" she cried out, becoming increasingly agitated, her eyes crisscrossing the room in dramatic fashion at the realization that she was drawing so much attention. However, it was fully apparent that the storm surge rising within her could not be stopped, no matter how embarrassing it may have been for her to issue such an uncontrollable outburst.
As if sensing a shift in the energy of the room, Harmony, who had fallen silent to allow for everyone to focus on their personal journeys, announced, "As we begin reaching the peak of our arousal, let us not forget our breathwork. Channeling that sexual energy can lead us to fully-realized states of arousal and release."
"Yes... yes! Yes!" Sarah screamed as her hand suddenly stopped moving. Ethan watched Sarah's muscles contract as she fell silent and her eyes seemed to roll backward. All of a sudden, she let out a long moan and jerked her hips forward with one powerful spasm. A clear fluid squirted from her soaking pussy, then another with even more force. Ethan had never seen a girl coming that hard in person before; he almost didn't believe it was a thing that existed outside of porn.
"Oh my god!" Sarah groaned, clutching her breasts and resuming the pumping of her hips. A dark wet stain had formed on the towel below her dripping mons. Ethan noticed that the once cottony cushion of pubes between her legs was now matted and slick; even her ruddy thighs glistened with cum. Seeing Sarah so overcome with the culmination of her pleasure, participants around the room quickly became more vocal and showed all the signs of being moved toward their own climaxes as if inspired by her passionate outbursts.
Ethan, too, was overwhelmed with the desire for release. "Ohhh god," he groaned, now stroking his massively erect cock with a dizzying enthusiasm. Renata and Hailey became immediately alert, their attention instantly drawn by his increasing proximity to an orgasmic state. Ethan became easily distracted, not knowing where to look; whereas he was once focused on one girl at a time, feeding his erotic energy a little here and then a little here, he suddenly felt surrounded by a panoply of sopping-wet, hairy pussies, wiggling boobs dancing about with firm nipples, and stiff, throbbing cocks primed and ready to blow. Bodies began to blend into one mass of shared self-love, a homogenous venting of sexual frustration evoked through a potent type of group healing.
After Sarah's wild climax, the events that followed proceeded just as Harmony and Luca had predicted at one point during their introduction. Bodies and minds were in tune; they tapped into the same shared passion together, despite being confined to a place of pure self-expression. Thus, when the dam burst, it soon burst for all...
In the corner of his eye, Ethan noticed the next victim of their group sexual catharsis. Mateo, who had been eagerly watching one of the other guys pleasuring himself, gasped and suddenly bolted up onto his knees, holding his cock out from his body at a horizontal angle and pumping it furiously. All heads turned in his direction. "Oh man..." he mumbled to himself. "Uh..." All were on edge and knew what was coming.
"Mmmmmmh!" Mateo groaned again before switching his stroking to a slow squeezing motion. He didn't even bother to grasp for a tissue he had set aside. Instead, he aimed at the long stretch of towel that lay before him and began to squirt long ropes of thick ejaculate from the tip of his penis. Heads everywhere turned to watch breathlessly.
Ethan watched Shannon on the other side of the circle transfixed by the sight of his semen as it vacated his body in fits and spasms. The rubbing of her clit slowed as her jaw gaped open and she observed with absolute fascination the apex of his pleasure. Cum splashed down upon the towel in long spurts until he collapsed backward onto his feet and began to catch his breath, his protruding, reddish cock still at full mast and oozing.
As if having fully registered what just happened, Shannon began to resume whipping her fingers frantically across the damp flesh of her slippery sex, much faster than before, her mind still seemingly fresh with the residual image of his spouting cock. She began to whimper and moan as she closed her eyes and shivered. "Fuck..." she whispered. Suddenly, Shannon began to whine and pump her hips back and forth involuntarily, grinding her fingers against her pussy, a pink, hairy mess glistening with sticky froth as she suffered a profound orgasm.
Ethan admired her, desperate to safely and privately imagine burying his face in her humid, sticky flesh as she came in waves, mashing her pussy against his lips as he lapped happily at her juices. He felt himself becoming lost in a crescendo of emotion, riding a wave of physical pleasure, but also deeply impacted by the absolute freedom, lack of guilt, and incredible camaraderie that came with sharing a moment like this with so many people, all equally supportive and channeling compassion that was so rarely felt amongst strangers.
The room was suddenly filled with a symphony of pleasured vocalizations and one-word exclamations as girls cried out in pleasure and their male neighbors groaned and grunted. Women everywhere wedged their legs open, stuffing themselves frantically with long, colorful dildos or else driving their cum-soaked fingers in frantic circles. They squeaked with pleasure that startled even themselves, seemingly aroused by their gushing. Their feverishness was inevitably distracted now and then by the sudden movements of a male participant who, upon reaching the point of no return, grasped for a tissue with urgency and always seemed to fetch it just in the knick of time before spraying a thick whitish fluid into its small hollow.
Eyes everywhere filled with delirium watched as massively swollen cocks, reddish with friction, spasmed and squirted incredible quantities of ejaculate like geysers, sometimes missing their tissues by a mile but always rescued by the presence of a towel. Some of the guys virtually howled with pleasure as they took one last look at the nearest soaking-wet, widely-spread pink pussy before erupting with the devastating purge of sexual pressure that had built for so long in the presence of one another.
Piper came so hard and for so long that her body quaked with tremendous violence that seemed to leave her depleted. After her breasts finished tremoring and her pelvic muscles squeezed with intense contractions, she collapsed in exhaustion, gathering up a thin sarong placed behind her butt and tossing it over herself before lying down beneath the blanket, closing her eyes, and gasping for air.
As Jaylen emitted a hoarse, throaty grunt he sent a thick spurt of whitish fluid high into the air, landing safely on his towel as he clutched at his cock. Ethan turned away from the startling sight of his emissions upon hearing Hailey whimpering loudly to his side. She propped herself onto her knees, ushering her pelvis forward and aggressively thrashing her hand against her budding clit, working herself into a slick lather.
"Oh my god... yes..." she mumbled to herself. Though Ethan wasn't an intentional audience, he could see that she was aware of his sudden attention but was too feverish with pleasure to suffer any embarrassment. He became briefly lost in her guttural sounds as she churned her body against the agitated motions of her hands. Hailey's nostrils were flaring widely, her pussy was flush with deep color from aggressive stimulation.
"Oh fuck-- my pussy's-- oh, god, I'm coming - ngh!" she finally squeaked. Across the way, Liz, seeing Hailey's violent release, met the same crushing fate, briefly slapping her thick outer labia and then rubbing it furiously to completion. The two girls moaned loudly, drawing their attention to one another. The look on Liz's face as they connected unexpectedly, their bodies shivering with intense waves of pleasure, said all that needed to be said about what she had hoped for all session long.
The whole cascading exchange had set Ethan off and he couldn't withstand the growing pleasure anymore. He felt the wave of intense pleasure surge through him, from his head down the length of his spine until it reached his pleasure center and threatened to erupt. As he grabbed the tissue he'd set aside, he noticed Renata attentive to the final phase of his session and about to reach her own climax. Ethan threw the tissue in front of his body and felt himself begin to spasm. As he began to squirt wildly into the small wad, his mind went completely blank for a moment, lost in the most intense and incredible sense of bliss he'd ever experienced.
The release was as deep and complete as it could have been as he enjoyed the sensation of absolute emptying. His whole body went weak in response to the intensity of the forceful squirts that his body issued. The last time he had felt anything close to that, it had set him right for days and days.
To Ethan's left, Renata cried out with equal pleasure and, listening to her, it dawned on Ethan how extreme their vulnerability had been in that moment, reaching the most intense orgasm he'd ever felt and witnessing the peak of her pleasure at the same time. Everyone had reached the ultimate state together in virtual unison, synchronized and united, sympathetic to each other's pleasure, and fully lacking in any judgment for conducting such a private act together in loving harmony.
Ethan's mind was suddenly free; all sense of fear or embarrassment had vanished and an intense moment of clarity fell upon him. He spontaneously recalled the private masturbation session he'd had before discovering this group-- and it felt so hollow by comparison to the situation at hand. He realized that when this workshop first started and he witnessed the women around him tiptoeing into their exploration of mutual indulgence, had had had the same feeling he did at home: that their performance was somehow meant to provide him with a source of entertainment. However, that perspective had since gone completely out the window. All those around him, the ones he shared this experience with, regardless of who they were or how they defined themselves, were no different than he was. They felt somehow bound together, joined by the same deeply rooted needs and not some porn star faking an experience to earn a living.
It was a humanizing experience of pleasure that sat so far above all others.
After the last of the intense experiences of pleasure played out around the room, Harmony began to summon everyone back to their starting positions, legs crossed upon their towels. "Let us now close the space," she said softly. Harmony recited a poem written by one of her favorite spiritual gurus. It was a hymn to love itself, described as an all-encompassing ether that connected every person to every other person. Whether love was a pulsing flame housed in the heart's center or just some chemical coursing through the brain, Ethan was certainly feeling it, just as everyone else was, and he wanted to get to know it better.
Harmony and Luca bowed to the group, offering a heartfelt "namaste," and everyone in the circle instinctively followed suit. "That concludes our session. I hope everyone had a positive experience together, here in this space. If you did and you wish to continue this journey, Luca and I hope to see you at future events. Having completed the introductory workshop, you're welcome to join our drop-in sessions at any time. They're held once a month, in this same space, on the weekend. Please check the schedule on our web site if you're interested!"
Everyone reiterated their thanks to Harmony and Luca, both of whom beamed happily at all who had participated. Ethan could tell from the enthusiastic appreciation that it was genuine in each case. Luca got up and restored the lights to full brightness as everyone in the circle became active, giddy, and alert. They glanced at each other as if with pride, still processing the state they just saw each other in and coming to terms with what they'd bravely accomplished.
All at once, the cleanup commenced; girls were carefully wiping their vaginas as if it was a mundane task to do in front of a group, guys squeezed out any remaining cum and began balling up their tissues to discard them in a dedicated sanitary waste bin. Hand wipes were widely deployed before participants got up to complete the task at the nearby washing station. Ethan joined them there, adding to the cluster of naked bottoms and giggles.
As they returned to their spots, eyes twinkled with excitement, clothes began to come back on in a far calmer and more casual manner than they had been removed. The individual that remained after personal things were packed up again presented such a stark difference to the one that had arrived on the earlier side of the erotic experience.
Ethan noticed how the exchanges that were made in the last few moments of the session were as if they were conducted between old friends. Amazingly, complete strangers behaved this way purely for having gone through such an intense experience together and coming out the other side having been the well-respected recipient of the other's complete trust. Not only that but after shoes went on and final gratitude was expressed to Harmony and Luca, participants filed out of the building, continuing their excited conversations which leaked out onto the street and toward the subway station in between the passing of trains rumbling noisily overhead.
"Guys-- that was fucking insane," Nick blurted out as others laughed.
"Seriously!" Shannon replied with a clear giddiness.
"You guys all did great. I enjoyed the show!" Jalen joked while exhibiting a sly grin. Snickers abounded by new friends eager to share a laugh over what they had done.
"We're so cool. Think of all the losers masturbating alone in their bedrooms," Hailey remarked before offering an exaggerated scoff.
Ethan laughed. "I know! Like, I actually kinda can't imagine doing it by myself anymore..."
Shannon's eyes widened in an expression that was now familiar to him. "I knooow," she cooed.
It was clear to Ethan that each of them had experienced a kind of catharsis, being launched from a place of deep self-consciousness and reservation into an incredible world of empowerment. He could never have imagined how he ended up feeling at that moment: a result that could only have come from such a dramatic and challenging experience.
They filed onto the subway platform and got on the train which then sped off and rattled with the same intense energy that seemed to be buzzing through their minds. His new acquaintances took a seat or stood by the doors, some of them taking out their phones and tapping away excitedly. Ethan imagined they were reporting back to someone they confessed to about where they were going, expressing their shock at how rewarding the experience was.
As the train headed off through the city, his neighbors trickled off one by one, offering simple waves to each other and expressing the hope to see each other again at another event. Ethan soon found himself alone and settled into a seat, observing all the strangers that surrounded him. He smiled happily to himself; a smile he felt they couldn't understand -- one that so few could.
***
Nearly a month passed before Ethan could execute his plans to show up at the next meeting of Self Love Central. This time, however, he aimed to merge himself into the usual crowd; those with experience who had already been to the introductory event.
When he arrived, he found several people already gathered by the door to the space which was still locked. They appeared to know one another, chatting excitedly about the things they'd done since the last time they met. As he approached, a chipper, outgoing young woman excitedly asked his name, realizing that he was new to the group. Her eyes sparkled and her long brown hair was full of curls, full of life.
"I'm Ethan," he said, holding out his hand.
"Mara," she said happily as introductions continued around.
Ethan smiled and nodded to Mateo who leaned nearby against the wall. "We went to the same introduction recently," Ethan said, welcoming him into the fold. The rest of the group eagerly introduced themselves.
Little by little, more people arrived and two more familiar faces were among them. "Hi, Piper. Hi, Shannon," Ethan said.
"Hey Ethan!" they both replied with a smile.
He felt a glowing feeling inside; the sense of trust that they had formed came rushing back. Ethan recalled seeing them in their most private and vulnerable states, and they him, and yet both had returned for more, seeking that same taste of freedom they had experienced together. Nick soon arrived and the crowd reached a size significantly larger than the one he had first attended, yet Ethan felt no increase in intimidation. Instead, he wondered who else might attend, having been as hooked as he was.
Ethan imagined what the second time would be like: skipping past that whole pesky phase of awkward discomfort and diving straight into a full and total embrace of all the benefits of an open and confident expression of sexuality, with no judgment or fear. He craved it instinctively; it felt as if the anticipation of it was already transformational. All the doubts, guilt, and fears that he had lived with his whole life regarding his sexual side seemed to recede wonderfully into the distance.
Harmony and Luca arrived a few minutes late but quickly apologized and welcomed everyone. Several members of the group hugged them, expressing great enthusiasm toward their mentors. Ethan felt himself becoming a part of the group as the door was unlocked and they began to file inside, each of them ready to bravely give life to their desires and move toward release together with loving compassion.
This was now his support network -- it was his tribe now, and, as the door closed behind them, he couldn't help but feel that at the same time a whole new world was opening up.
***
Would you be brave enough to join Self Love Central? What do you think your experience would be like? I'd love to know! Please click over to my bio and use the contact form to share your thoughts.
- SolarRay