PART ONE: The Audition.
"OK, Eddy. They're ready for you now. Break a leg!" the smiling and petite P.A. with cute bangs said.
Exhaling and gripping his rolled up script in one hand, Eddy got up and walked through two sets of doors and onto the temporary studio space and offices of Third Act Films, the production company that had been hired by The Studio to salvage the (very troubled and very over-budget) film adaptation of Widow's Journey.
What had once been a hangar for air-shows in Sierra Diabla, was now a huge stage-set. The room was full of film crew and assistants all doing their thing and in the center of the room was a simple table and sitting at that simple table were the five people who could change his life. Really it was just the person sitting at the center of the table, Marigold Whitney.
Marigold Whitney (Mari to her friends, which consisted of other successful actors and her personal makeup crew) was descended from stage royalty and with her family's connections to the entertainment business as well as her own charm, drive and talent (all considerable), she was one of the few members of the EGOT club; entertainers who had won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar & Tony. Everything she had ever been even involved with, had been a commercial AND critical success.She had never failed.
Marigold was also the owner of Third Act Films.
Unconventionally attractive (5'11, a prominent nose and perhaps a figure that was a tad too slim by current movie star standards) and her blonde hair currently styled in a frizzy-curly fashion, even in her late 40's,Marigold was an impressive figure in her fashionable light, caramel-colored leather jacket and matching pants (which were very tight), completing the ensemble were pumps and a white shirt. Eddy didn't think she was wearing a bra.
"Hi Eddy." Marigold said with an energetic smile. All the busy assistants and crew stopped working. The room was silent.
This is weirdEddy thought and replied in the way his agent/manager, Myra had specifically instructed, "Hi. Thanks for meeting with me, I'm a big fan of yours."
Marigold smiled and Eddy thought that she might introduce the other people at the table. But she didn't.
"OK Eddy, here's the 'deets'." Marigold said and then looked at the person sitting next to her, an older guy with horn-rimmed glasses (Eddy would later find out his name was Vince and that he was the film editor) and asked, "Do people still say, 'deets'?" but then moved on before Vince could answer.
"Widow's Journey is a shitty book that has, through the diligent work of many, many, many teams of screenwriters and script-doctors and script-doctor doctors, been adapted into a marginally less-shitty script."
"And, in addition to starring, directing and executive-producing this piece of crap, I'll also be fixing the script to getsomethingfilmable, but leaving us room to improv and try different things. Oh and I'm also in charge of the soundtrack." and then made a comedic show of acting exhausted from all her responsibilities.
Everyone laughed politely.
"All that said, let me get to the point; this film is in the genre of erotic thriller and it calls for us to do nude scenes. Explicit nude scenes. I'm cool with that, are you cool with that?"
Eddy was and said, "Yeah, I'm cool with that." This had all been worked out with Myra in advance. Preliminary contracts had already been signed by all parties.
Smiling, Marigold said "Fantastic!" and then staring him directly in the eyes, said something that Myra had not prepared him for.
"Strip."
"I'm sorry, wh---?"
"Strip naked. I want you completely nude." Marigold interrupted.
"Right now? Here?" Eddy asked, in shock and confused.
It was at this point that Vince started to speak up. "Hey, I don't think we---" is what he started to say before Marigold shut him down with just a glance.
Marigold returned her attention back to Eddy. "Look Eddy, again, your part involves a LOT of nudity, so we need to see your body. We need to know if you have problematic or excessive tattooing or blemishes that might require complicated make-up or CGI solutions. And everyone here is going to eventually see you nude, so we might as well get over the camera shyness now..."
"So let's go; show us what you've got." Marigold said, with a slight edge of impatience in her voice.
Reluctantly, slowly, Eddy started to unbutton his shirt.
"No, take off the shoes and socks first, that'll be less awkward." Marigold said, as if anything could make this situation less awkward.
"You can hand your clothes to Laura, she'll hold on to them."
Laura, a young attractive woman with auburn-hair in a ponytail and wearing a miniskirt walked over and smiled sheepishly as she stood next to him, waiting for Eddy to hand her his clothes.
Eddy realized that there had already been some tension in the room, but that tension increased exponentially as he started to undress in front of about 300 people.
It was quiet. Very quiet, except someone in the crew was chewing gum and making chewing gum noises, like popping it and blowing bubbles.
Once naked, Eddy handed his clothes to Laura, who took them and stepped back.
Marigold stared at his body for about a minute and then broke the silence. "Wow, you have a great body. How much time do you spend in the gym?"
"I try for about 26 hours."
Marigold had been staring directly at Eddy's cock, but his answer seemed to distract and mildly-annoy her.
"26 hours? That number seems so random...You know what, I don't care. Could you turn around please?"
Eddy hesitated until Marigold raised an eyebrow and twirled her finger, instructing him to turn around and he did so.
"A little slower please, let everyone get a good look at you." Marigold said. She was smiling and clearly enjoying this.
The tension in the room had transformed into a palpable sexual tension.
Eddy had done nudity before in off-Broadway stuff and experimental theater and had never been self-conscious about it, but this situation was different. As he continued to slowly turn, he deliberately tried to involve making eye contact with any of the 300 or so people staring at his nude body, scrutinizing it.
From behind him, he heard two of the female crew members giggle and one of them, in a baby-girl type whispered, "He's got such a yummy ass!"
Marigold also heard her, stood up and pointed directly at her. "You. Step forward and repeat what you just said. Louder for everyone to hear."
A female crew member, a junior carpenter, in her early 20's with short brown hair, dressed in a very low-cut leotard top, boy-shorts, sneakers and a carpenter's tool belt stepped forward, her eyes wide with fear.
After clearing her throat, the carpenter repeated, "He's g-"
Marigold interrupted, "Louder."
Starting over, the carpenter spoke louder, "H-he's got such a yummy ass." and then turned towards Eddy about to apologize, but Eddy just shrugged in a way that saidDon't worry about it.
"Thank you for your input" Marigold said and the carpenter stepped back (relieved at not being fired).
"Anyone else have a thought they'd like to share? How about you?" Marigold said, pointing at a bearded, lighting guy.
Off guard, the lighting guy replied, "Ah, I'm not really into---"
Seeing where he was going, Marigold shut him down. "OK, got it. So ladies, step up. Just based on physical attraction, what about Eddy gets you wet?"
After a few moments of awkward murmuring, the PA with cute bangs stepped forward. "I like his tan. It's completely even. Oh, and also, I like that he's so well-groomed. I hate a hairy back and booty."
From the scaffolding, a woman yelled down, "Some of us like hairy asses!" and her comment prompted some laughter.
A very dark-skinned African American lady with striking cheekbones and dressed in a low-cut black top, tight grey-silver leggings and black pumps (Eddy thought she could be a model) stepped forward. "I like his abs, but yes, his ass is very fine."
It went on like this for a few minutes, with Eddy continuing to slowly spin around as his future female co-workers continued to ogle and comment on his body (all positive), but Eddy was wondering when he'd be allowed to get dressed.
A tall and muscular (but still feminine) woman with big "Jersey" hair that was VERY red and curly stepped up and walked around Eddy, very closely, checking him out. Eddy would later find out her name was Sugar Wilson and she had been hired as a stunt-woman/security/local guide and fixer.
Sugar was wearing very, very tight ripped jeans and white "Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders-style" cowboy boots. Her too-small for her black t-shirt was low-cut and displayed her very round and firm tits that he would later find out she was very proud of. Her t-shirt also had a very busy and difficult to read stylized logo that could be promoting a gym or a heavy-metal band or a combination of the two. Also, everything she was wearing looked super tight and too small, yet comfortable. Eddy would later find out that all of her clothes were like this.
Sugar circled Eddy, inspecting him (so he stopped spinning) as she chewed her bubblegum, occasionally blowing bubbles (she was the gum-chewer he'd heard earlier!), finally stopping to say, "Yeah, he's a piece of ass. I'd fuck him." then added, "I'd fuck you." as she looked Eddy straight in the eyes. She was grinning.
"Thanks." Eddy replied, which made her grin wider.
Looking at Marigold, Sugar asked, "How big does his cock get?" Eddy thought it was odd (yet funny) that Sugar was asking Marigold that question and not him.
Marigold looked at the other big wigs sitting at her table, as if they somehow might have an answer to that question and then smiled at Eddy and said, "Well, let's find out."
Marigold raised her hand snapped her fingers and said, "Ladies..."
Two smiling women wearing very tight, one-piece vinyl dresses (one red, the other blue) with slick-backed hair and eye-shadow & lipstick that matched the color of their respective dress, sexily walked over, their high heels click-clacking on the concrete floor of the hangar. Each was holding a tray that had a small bottle (one red, one blue) on it.
The woman in the red vinyl dress asked, "Hey stud, would you prefer 'Hot Passion', a silicone-based lube?"
"Or, 'Cool Hand', a water-based lube?" the woman in blue asked. They had rehearsed this.
Two thoughts popped in Eddy's head; that Marigold was crazy AND that this had been planned.
Looking directly at Marigold Eddy said, "So. Just to be clear. You want me to jerk-off in front of all these people." It was more of a statement than a question.
Smiling, Marigold nodded 'yes'.
Looking at the two trays, Eddy had trouble deciding on which lube to pick; getting women had always been pretty easy for Eddy, as he was handsome and not picky; he liked all women, so, as silly as it sounds, he was not very experienced with masturbating and when he did so, he didn't use lube.
The blue bottle seemed less threatening, so he chose that one, squeezed some out, put the bottle back on the tray and started to rub it on his cock.
As he started to jerk off, most of the women in the back had moved to the front to get a better look.
Although stoic on the outside, internally, Eddy had been increasingly uncomfortable and embarrassed standing naked in front of all these people who were objectifying him and masturbating in front of 300 people was a new level of that.
The lotion was cool and tingly on his cock and Eddy hoped that was a good thing; it definitely felt good.
As he started to get hard, the lube-girl in the red dress whispered to the blue lube-girl, "I fucking love my job." as both watched him jerk off.
For a few minutes, a deep erotic tension was building; the room was completely silent, the only sounds were Eddy's breathing and the squishy sound the lube made as his hand slid up and down his cock. Eddy held back his moans.
And then Sugar blew a bubble and made it pop loudly, temporarily killing the mood.
"Seriously?" Marigold said, scolding Sugar. Sugar took out her gum and put it on the red lube-girl's tray, which got Sugar a disgusted glare from her.
The erotic tension was getting to Eddy too. The feel of his hand gliding up and down his now very hard cock (the lube was excellent!) as most of the very aroused women had crowded in a semi-circle (no one dared to obstruct Marigold's view) and he could smell their different perfumes as they closely watched him jerk off.
It was getting to be too much, Eddy could no longer hold back his moans.
"Okay Eddy, you can stop now. Thank you." Marigold said, breaking the silence.
She's got to be fucking kidding.Eddy thought and ignored Marigold and continued to jerk-off.; he was too deep into it to stop - he was close to cumming.
"Eddy, did you hear me? I said stop. Right now." Marigold ordered.
"fuck you." Eddy said under his breath as his hand now raced up and down his shaft.
Eddy (and everyone else), was startled by the sudden and loud sound of a bullhorn siren.
Marigold spoke through the bullhorn (Eddy would learn to hate the sound of that bullhorn):
"EDDY, STOP RIGHT NOW. LET ME BE CLEAR, IF YOU CUM, YOU'RE OFF THE MOVIE. DO NOT CUM! BE PROFESSIONAL FOR GOD'S SAKE!"
As if, ANY of this had been professional!Eddy thought and with a tremendous exercise of willpower, he was able to pull his hand away from his cock.
He had been so close.
Putting the bullhorn down, Marigold said cheerfully, "OK, let's measure him. Edith do your thang!"
Yet another woman popped out of nowhere and approached him. Edith was the costume designer and Eddy would find her to be a personal source of annoyance.
Slightly plump, in her mid 50's and still very pretty, Edith was wearing a quirky outfit that was cute and sexy, but still made it hard for Eddy to take her seriously as the movie's costume designer, not that he was any kind of expert on fashion.
Edith was a crazy mix of green and purple. An oversized "Flashdance" style sweatshirt that showed her lacy bra underneath, a tight miniskirt, leg-warmers and chunky platform shoes. Again, all variations of green and purple. Topping it off, Edith was rocking a hairstyle that looked like Uma Thurman's bob from Pulp Fiction, only bright purple and somewhat oversized glasses (with no lenses?) that were green in color and lipstick that matched. Edith also had an infectious smile.
Standing directly in front of him, Edith smiled and pulled out a (green and purple-colored) tape-measure and then made a show of snapping it as if it were a whip.
Kneeling down, Edith held the measure against Eddy's still-hard and desperate cock, measuring it from the base of the shaft to the tip.
"Careful." Eddy gasped as her fingertips (accidentally?) brushed against his very hard and sensitive cock.
Looking up at him, Edith smiled and said, "I got ya big boy, just let me do my job." and then returned her attention back to his cock, her fingertips brushing against his balls as she measured the width of the base of his cock.
"Oh! Ah!" Eddy moaned as Edith measured the ridge of his cock, her fingertips making contact with it and the head of his cock.
This bitch is going to make me cum!Eddy thought as he squirmed under Edith's teasing fingers.
"Keep it together Eddy, try thinking about baseball," Marigold taunted and her comment was met with polite laughter.
As Edith continued measuring/tormenting his cock, Eddy heard one of the girls whisper to another, "I'm so fucking wet right now, I don't know how I'm going to make it through the rest of the day!"
"OK, big boy, last measurement, but this one'll be tough." Edith said and then measured the very tip of his cock, with, once again, her fingertips brushing over it, causing Eddy to clench his fists and his ass.
"OKAY, done!" Edith announced.
Marigold addressed Eddy, "OK thank you Eddy, nice meeting with you and we'll be in touch. If I don't see you again, good luck with everything. You can get dressed now, take care."
Marigold then addressed the cast and crew, "OK everyone else, let's break for lunch and we'll pick up from there."
Marigold and the other VIPs got up from the table, the cast and crew went off to do there things, Laura returned his clothes (folded neatly) with a small sample variety case of lubes including "Hot Passion" and "Cool Hand".
It was as if the whole thing hadn't happened. Eddy got dressed and left.
Once on the road, Eddy called Myra. He had already decided that he wasn't going to get into the details with her; it had been humiliating and he knew Myra would have trouble processing the crazy details (HE was still having trouble processing the details) and he was in no mood to spend hours on the phone with her, reliving them.
"It got real weird, real fast. I don't think I got the gig."
"What? What are you talking about? They LOVED you! You got the part!" Myra said.
"Yeah? You sure about that?" Eddy asked with uncertainty.
"Yes! Whatever you're doing, keep doing it! Congrats and Bye!" and then she hung up.
Head spinning, Eddy pulled over into a gas station and went into the men's room to celebrate.
Pulling a bottle of "Hot Passion" from out of his pocket, Eddy jerked off while thinking about everything that had happened during the audition. Marigold, Sugar Wilson, the Lube-Girls, even Edith. Everything.
Although he was unaware of it now, this audition memory would become his primary masturbation fuel; there would very soon be other and more intense sexual experiences laying in wait for him that would insinuate themselves into his "spank bank", but the audition would be his go-to favorite.
As Eddy had one of the longest and most intense orgasms of his life, he was also unaware that it would be the last time he'd cum for quite a while...
NEXT: Part 2: Script Changes.