Wes wasn't sure what to do about what he'd seen. He wanted to know more, to see more, but he didn't want to ask or embarrass Mila. He left it for a while, but returned to those images often when Mila was out of the house.
Wes knew about Mila's exes and escapades, and had asked every question he could dream up about her sex life during those times. But now he had a whole host of new questions. Mila was always truthful and always entertained his desire for details of her adventures. She always knew what he wanted to hear. She seemed to enjoy telling him stories, reliving the sensual moments. She always became very turned on, her pussy wet, her actions more passionate. Maybe the biggest reason Wes enjoyed these sessions was seeing how much they turned Mila on. Nothing aroused him more than her embracing her wild side.
Some nights, she would say something about her past in a way that would cause Wes to start thinking about her before they met - free and up for almost anything. He knew her past well enough that when she mentioned an event in her life, he knew the sexual time period that accompanied that event, like parallel timelines. When they wound up in bed, Wes would begin asking her questions and she would always happily indulge him. Sometimes, she loved just stroking his cock, wetting it now and again with her mouth as she told her sultry tales. He loved feeling conflicted - wanting to feel her mouth on the swollen head of his cock, but not wanting to interrupt the lurid story she was intimating. Other times she would suck on him passionately, relaying the really juicy bits of the story as she took short breaks, resting his hard cock on her cheek. Other times still, she had to have him inside of her and mounted him while the filthy words came panting from her mouth. She always orgasmed intensely during her storytelling sessions and smiled dreamily afterwards - the bliss of living in two sexual worlds at once.
He'd avoided asking Mila because she'd never willingly shared stories about what had happened in those pictures, but eventually, it became too much for him. He brought the hard drive downstairs one night and handed it to her.
"I decided not to use the drive. I'll just pick up a fresh one. Thank you, though," he said.
"Were you afraid of what you'd find on there?" she said, chuckling.
"More excited than afraid."
"I hesitated giving it to you."
"I'm glad you did."
"Oh god, what did you find on there? Ryan, that bastard, I knew he didn't delete all of those pictures."
"No, he did not. Jesus, who would? If I had naked pictures of you, they'd be backed up many times over."
"You have hundreds of naked pictures of me! And dozens of videos! You've got them backed up three or four times!"
"Do I!"
They both laughed. She put down the hard drive and stared at it. "I think I know what you're going to say," she said.
"What am I going to say?"
"If you've seen what I think you've seen, then you're wondering why our storytelling sessions have been, well, incomplete."
"I was wondering that, but I didn't want to push anything, or make you feel uncomfortable."
"I was never sure if you wanted to hear about it. I mean, we fantasize about these things, but we've never really acted on it. I know we've seriously considered it, but I was never one-hundred percent sure if this was something that would really happen. We're always waiting for a serendipitous moment, the right time, the right person, but in the meantime it all remained just a fantasy, a story. I guess I didn't want to tell you that I'd already dabbled a bit and ruin our own experience together."
"Dabbled?"
Milla sighed and looked coy.
"Mila, I understand why you didn't tell me, but you don't have to keep things from me. This doesn't sour anything. I want to know you in every way I can" he said, moving closer.
She looked up at him with her big green eyes and a smile appeared in the corner of her mouth. Her eyes narrowed and her smile turned slightly devilish in the way that he loved. He could tell that she was reminiscing, thinking about the pictures on the drive and those times years ago.
"I know what goes on in that filthy mind of yours. I know what you want to know," she said.
"Would you like to see the pictures?" he asked.
She could feel a rush inside of her. Her stomach fluttered. She began to sweat and feel nervous, but over that nervousness was an excitement. She'd thought of those times now and again. She saved them for when she was feeling really naughty. She revelled in them now and again, sometimes by herself, sometimes while telling Wes stories from that time period. She hadn't looked at the pictures since long before she was with Wes. She didn't really know what pictures were on the hard drive anymore. She wasn't sure how completely they documented what had happened. The vague memories of those images floated back to her and mixed with her actual memories of those times. She could feel the heat building between her legs as Wes touched her and brought her into his arms for a kiss.
"Let's go upstairs," she said. "Bring your computer."
She picked up the hard drive and followed Wes up.
***
It was already later in the evening and Mila had removed her bra and put on a t-shirt that did a poor job of concealing her breasts. She wore the short shorts that she usually wore to bed, but took them off while Wes was getting his computer. Her panties stuck to her a bit as she pushed them down to the floor and off. She pulled her shorts back on and sat cross-legged on the bed, the leg holes revealing the smooth skin of her thighs all the way up.
Wes entered and they smiled at each other silently. They snuggled up together on the bed, the glow of the laptop screen in their faces. Mila touched herself and held Wes' arm. She was nervous, but excited for what she knew was coming.
When Wes began opening file folders, things came flooding back to Mila. She saw thumbnails of her twenty-year-old self partying with friends and was immediately transported back to that time. She remembered how fun and exciting everything was, how new. Mila felt that young girl's naivete, her innocence, but also her lust. She remembered how badly she wanted sex, how she craved male attention and enjoyed the pleasures of a man's touch. She gripped him a little tighter and smiled. Wes looked at her. "Are you ready?" he said..
Mila just nodded, her mouth dry with anticipation.
Wes opened the hidden folder and new thumbnails appeared. At first, Mila was a little shocked. She didn't remember the pictures being quite so graphic - pornographic. Wes began clicking on pictures, his favourite ones. He opened one with Mila on her knees looking squarely into the camera, a big cock in her hand and a familiar smile on her face. Mila squirmed a little bit and spread her legs. Wes looked at her.
"Well, that's no surprise. I've told you stories about him many, many times," she said.
Though his cock had been growing since she told him to go upstairs, it was now reaching a new level and Wes moved the laptop so it was on a pillow between them.
He clicked through some more pictures until Mila said, "Wait."
She took the mouse and began choosing her own photos. He loved that she had taken control and was now satisfying her own needs. She opened pictures that were not among his favourites, but once he saw the look on her face while she took in the image, those pictures became his new favourites. Her expressions brought the pictures to life and he could feel her animal side next to him on the bed. She could see a wet spot developing on Wes' boxers as it pushed against the fabric and reached in to free him.
Wes moved his hands slowly down her body and lifted the hem of her shirt to access the waistband of her shorts. His fingers crept down over her mound and he was not surprised at the stickiness he found below. Mila whimpered and sighed as she clicked through the images. She found a slightly blurry picture. A view from above, Mila on all fours, her red face half buried in the sofa, arms outstretched and gripping the arm rest, her breast pressed into the cushion, a cock mostly inside of her and a hand grabbing her spread ass cheek. She stopped clicking and rested for a minute, moaning softly as Wes' finger slid up and down softly between her swollen lips.
Mila worked Wes' cock slowly, spreading his precum around the tip of his cock before stroking it. "What are you thinking?" she said.
"How nice it is to have visuals to go with your stories."
"I loved that cock," she said, moving her hips in motion with his hand. "I think I love your cock because it's so similar."
She looked at Wes and kissed him. "I remember how excited I was to finally be able to fuck without a condom. To be with someone I trusted and to let loose. I would've let him do anything."
"And did you?"
"Remember when we first met and we practically spent two months in bed fucking each other?"
Wes closed his eyes.
"That's what it was like. I could almost orgasm just from having his cock in my mouth. I thought about him inside of me all the time. We fucked until it hurt," she said.
Wes looked at the screen again. Mila had found a picture of herself lying naked on her side. The beautiful curves of her body as one leg draped over the other. Her arm propped up her head as her long, curly hair failed to cover her tits. Wes stared into young Mila's eyes. They were glassy and soft. She wasn't looking into the camera, but into the face of the photographer. She was flushed and full, unabashed and proud, a work of art. Her smile was one of wanting, wanting more, just waiting until he was hard again.
Mila began stroking him with more purpose. He was trying hard not to cum, but also trying to focus on Mila, both right there beside him and on the screen. Mila moved his hand and slipped her shorts off. Wes could see her hard nipples through the shirt, but she left it on. Her nearly bare pussy was glistening and so were his fingers. She placed his hand back where it was and breathed heavily into his neck.
Wes found some more of his favourites, including the only cumshot of the bunch. Young Mila was on her knees and looking at the camera from the side. She had a huge grin on her face as if she were laughing and was holding out her hand as if trying to stop the shutter from clicking. Although the picture was also blurry, they could clearly see Mila's other hand at her mouth, her fingers touching the cum on her chin, the cum dripping down all over her tits. For the first time, Mila looked a little shy.
"He came a lot," she said simply, a little breathless.
Wes was now certain that he would not last much longer. His cock was throbbing as she gently slid her hand up and down. She knew exactly how to keep him going as long as possible. "Should we get to the main course?" he said.
She grinned and jokingly put her hand over her face.
"You're going to have to fill in some plot holes here," he said as he scrolled down to find the pictures they both knew were coming.
She saw the thumbnail before he opened it and the memories and excitement came rushing back to her. She put her head on Wes' chest and in an almost whisper said, "Ryan and I played the same games you and I do."
Mila paused then went on.
"I can't remember how it started, but it's been the same in all my relationships, so I can only assume it's me. I think it's because of how much I love blowjobs. I love the feeling of my pussy getting attention while I have a dick in my mouth. There's something about that sensation that just thrills me. Somehow, we just got on the idea of having another person join us and it took off. Sound familiar?"
Ryan laughed and kissed her.
"It wasn't serious until it was. Ryan's best friend, Pete, was visiting. He was a musician touring around with his band and he came to stay with us for a weekend. His friend was attractive enough, but when I saw him on stage, I felt pretty strongly that I wanted him. I knew Ryan wanted it too even though he didn't really say it. We got home from the gig, we'd all had a few drinks. It was just jokes at first, but then the camera came out and Ryan was showing him pictures of us!"
"How did you feel?"
"It happened so fast, but I only protested half-heartedly. I wanted Pete to see me and I think that's when I knew what was going to happen."
Mila looked at the computer screen again. "Wait, where are the rest of the pictures?"
"What do you mean? These are the only ones I found," said Wes.
"Scroll down."
"That's it, that's all there is."
"Oh boy. I'm pretty sure there are way more than that. That's nothing!"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean Pete was there for the whole weekend and it all started with the camera."
Mila looked deeply at the picture on the screen. She saw herself on her knees smiling and she knew exactly when that picture had been taken. It was early on in the whole thing, the first night. She was pretty sure she hadn't touched Pete yet, that he had only watched.
"Then you'll have to fill in the blanks," said Wes, moving down between Mila's legs. He slowly parted her vulva with his tongue and she moaned and cursed. Her eyes remained fixed on the screen. She was partly back in that house that weekend, partly wondering what had happened to the rest of the pictures. She closed her eyes and began.
"It was perfect. We were high, but not sloppy. When Pete saw the pictures of me, he looked at me across the room just as much as he looked at me on the tiny camera screen. Ryan was so proud, bragging about what a fox I was, how I couldn't get enough. Normally, I would never have tolerated Ryan saying those things, but I just felt sexier. I could feel the mood changing in the room. I could feel myself being pulled into their energy. Then Ryan was on the couch next to me while Pete continued to swipe through the photos. I knew what he was seeing, his eyes glued to my body.
Ryan held me and I could feel how turned on he was and it was only making me hotter. I wanted him to kiss me and he did. Then we were making out and I completely forgot that we weren't alone. We were touching each other and then his hands were under my clothes. Before I knew it, my top was off and Ryan was playing with my tits. Once he started sucking on my nipples, all bets were off."
"I know all about that," said Wes as he paused from slowly sliding his tongue over her pussy. She laughed and sighed as he gradually found her clitoris and licked it lightly. His cock was almost hurting as she told the story.
"His hands were in my pants one minute and then my pants were on the floor the next. I was grasping at the bulge that I knew was waiting in his pants. In a moment, I was on my knees beside the couch with his cock in my mouth. That's when I heard the camera shutter click and remembered that Pete was still sitting in the chair on the other side of the room. I remember stopping and looking at him. He said something about how he should maybe leave or something like that. I looked at Ryan and I knew that this was it, then I told Pete he could stay."
Wes moved his tongue more quickly and began sucking lightly on Mila's clit. She had trouble continuing the story through her heavy breaths, but pushed on.
"I went back to blowing Ryan and Pete moved his chair closer so he could get a better look. I could see him rubbing himself through his pants. Soon Pete undressed and sat there stroking himself as I stroked Ryan. I remember looking Pete in the eyes with Ryan's cock in my mouth. He wanted me so badly. He was watching me like he was going to eat me. I felt like I was going to explode if someone didn't touch my pussy, so I stopped and said as much. I stood up and put one of my legs up on the couch so they could both see my pussy. Ryan held my ass and hips with his hands and buried his face. I looked over to Pete. I could tell he was going to cum and felt my orgasm come on so intensely that I had to hold on to Ryan's head to keep from falling over."
Mila grabbed Wes' head and pushed him into her. He could feel her body contracting as he sucked her clit. She silently bucked and convulsed until she could take no more and pushed him away. She lay there for a moment in silence, her eyes closed. Wes watched her and wondered where she was. She opened one eye and looked at him with a side-glance.
"That's just the beginning," she said.
Mila sat up and peeled off her shirt. Her tits bounced as she pushed Wes back onto the bed and took his cock in her hands. He couldn't take much more of this and she knew it. She took him in her mouth briefly before continuing. Now, she looked him in the eyes and told her story with purpose.
"Ryan hadn't cum yet and stood up. He sat me down on the edge of the couch and fed me his cock while Pete continued to watch and recover. With an audience, I surprised even myself how well I sucked Ryan's cock. He was buckling at the knees and could barely stand up. That's when he said something about how I'd always wanted my pussy licked while giving a blowjob. That's when it really hit me that Pete wasn't going to just watch. I wanted him to touch me, but I couldn't imagine it, what it would feel like, and I stopped sucking to watch Pete get down on his knees and move towards me. He kissed me and cupped my breast in his hand. He ran his hands over my thighs and ass. I could finally feel how much he wanted me. He kissed his way down my body and sucked on my nipples. He found my pussy and I shifted back on the couch to let his tongue explore me. Ryan stood partially on the couch and began sliding his cock into my mouth again. I had handfuls of Pete's hair while Ryan used my mouth.
Wes could feel himself reaching the breaking point. Mila knew it and timed the juicy bits of her story to his orgasm.
"The feeling of having a tongue on my clit and a cock in my mouth was unlike anything else. I can't remember if I came again, but it wouldn't surprise me. I was so focused on what was happening, how surprised I was that I was actually having two men, that I maybe forgot about how good it felt. I was certainly moaning around Ryan's cock and soon he pulled out and came into my open mouth. I remember that even though I tried swallowing it, there was too much and I was dripping with it in the end."
"Did Pete fuck you?" said Wes.
"We didn't have any condoms and I wasn't sure I wanted Pete to fuck me anyway, so we somehow reached an unspoken understanding."
"What understanding?"
"Well, what do you think?"
"Tell me," said Wes, holding on until she continued.
"We understood that I would blow Pete and he could lick my pussy."
"And did you?" said Wes.
"Oh god yes. I sucked him off so many times my jaw hurt. Either Ryan fucked me while I blew him, or Pete licked me while I blew Ryan, or I blew them both, or they both just played with my body until I came. They took turns fucking my tits, too."
With that, Wes blew. Mila tried to contain it, but it was too much. She had to get into the shower afterwards. Wes took one last look at the computer screen then put it away. He lay back down, his mind blank, trying to stay awake.
When Mila strutted back into the room, Wes looked half-alive. They held each other without speaking and then turned out the light. Just as sleep was overtaking Wes, he heard Mila whisper, "I wonder what happened to the rest of those pictures?"