The door was ajar. It was a nice door, to a nice flat, but with one of those cheap locks added in the end in order to cut one small corner. My knuckles had hardly made contact with the wood-- you couldn't even call it a knock-- when the door swung open several inches. I recognized her right away, standing about twenty feet away and facing left, looking into what I assumed was the living room. Well, I didn't recognize her, but the uniform. During my deliveries, I'd crossed paths with several of the Strip-O-Gram ladies bearing their Valentine's season offerings.
Cupid-- in a tight, sequined blood-red minidress, was holding her small bow and aiming her small arrow at an unseen target in the other room.
"Pow!" She said, and then to me-- "why don't you come in? And close the damn door."
I would have even if she hadn't asked. My shirt was soaked with beer, and it was cold. It was February, and Valentine's Day.
"Ah. Mr. Beer-of-the-Week. Welcome." I was in uniform, too. Although I much preferred Cupid's deep and revealing cleavage. "You guys couldn't be that busy. What kind of Valentine's gift is a subscription for beer?"
"You'd be surprised. What would you give your guy... if you couldn't think of anything else?"
"I don't have a 'guy.' But, good point."
"On the other hand, you're a no-brainer... " I stammered, "I mean giving you, or giving a stripper to your boyfriend is a no-brainer."
"Pow!" Cupid released another arrow, this time at my chest.
I stood beside her and looked into the other room. There was a fireplace, gas log aflame; expensive furnishings including an overstuffed chair and sofa, each inhabited by half of an unconscious couple. Cupid raised her finger. "There--" pointing at a nearly empty bottle of cognac. "And there--" at a small baggie in an ashtray and a half-smoked joint.
"I don't get paid if they don't come to," she said, raising her voice a little. "Although I don't know if I really want them awake. They make such a cute couple passed out. Of course, when I was their age, I could hold my liquor better than they can."
I looked at my companion, toes to head. High heels, glossy red thigh high stockings. Her hem line ended just below her crotch, and she was trim and fit, and blonde. I looked into her blue eyes, and she looked into mine. I judged her to be in her early forties, like myself, and very attractive-- and sexy enough to still be hired to take off her clothes.
"Annie." She held out her hand.
"Dave. And I'm wet."
Annie surveyed my costume. I was dressed as a giant six-pack, but a little battered.
"What happened to you, sweetie?"
"I was chased by a pack of drunks. I fell, and I think think I broke something."
"Yeah. You seem to be bleeding."
"No, I mean I broke a few bottles. Or else they froze and burst. Car trouble. I've been on foot all night."
"You are bleeding, David. Take off your clothes." Annie smiled a wicked smile. "That is, take off your costume, and your shirt. We can drink your costume while I nurse you."
She walked across the room and began opening doors. By the time I'd removed my beer carrier and shirt, she'd located a bathroom and was returning with bandages and a cold compress. I'd have to say that I'm pretty fit myself, and I could tell she was looking me over. Annie pressed the damp towel against my cut-- not a serious wound, but bloody, nevertheless-- and had me hold it in place while she hung my wet shirt near the gas fire.
"Look at this!" The man of the house, still comatose, was dressed in a short silk robe. And nothing else. Annie gently parted his robe revealing first his swollen balls and then a huge erection. "Well, I guess he's ready." She decided to leave his cock exposed and walked over to where his lady snoozed, and peaked under her short robe. "You can see her pussy-- on display, shaved and cream-filled! Mister, over there, must have given her one helluva fuck," Annie whispered , stopping to inspect the selection of beer.
"I guess this is going to hurt a lot," I joked as Annie handed me a cold bottle and began to apply disinfectant cream from a tube.
"Hurt you more than me."
It wasn't a bad cut, and she was finished nursing me after a couple of minutes. I stared at her cleavage and imagined nursing on her generous tits. Annie read my mind. There was music playing very softly somewhere-- radio, cd player-- I couldn't tell. I'd hardly noticed it until she asked me to dance. I told her I'd love to. Annie reached for her zipper, and within seconds her dress fell to the floor. She was stunning in her stockings, red thong, and too small, push up bra. I took her in my arms and we began to move slowly across the floor.
"So what's your story? And by the way, I don't take my clothes off for any guy. You just seem like you could be a sort of soulmate-- no, make that kindred spirit. Maybe soulmates later."
"My wife left me for another guy and stole my computer."
"Community property."
"Maybe. But I need the computer to earn a living. I write."
"Were you mean to her?"
"I don't think so. It's not that I couldn't have done better."
"I like that. We can all do better."
Another slow dance. We held each other even closer, taking shelter in each other's arms. I moved one hand down to the small of her back until my fingers were touching the top of her thong. I could feel her nipples pressing through her thin bra and into my chest. Inside my slacks, my cock was getting harder by the second and I tried to maneuver her, to have her brush against me.
"How long have you been stripping? It must pay pretty good."
"I'm not really a stripper-- well, I just do this for Valentine's for extra money. It's my third year now, and we girls depend on getting good tips. The first two times, I just stripped, and the tips weren't so good. You have to do something extra."
I looked at her. Did I understand her right?
"Okay. I've sucked five cocks today, been fucked three times, and I've gone down on two wives. That sounds like a lot, but it's not-- I'm on a tight schedule and I work fast. This is my last appointment. I was counting on nine cocks and three pussies this year, except that these two are passed out." Annie gave me a big smile. "Take off your pants, why don't you?"
I stepped away from her and took hold of my belt buckle, then paused. "I'm almost broke."
"God damn you, anyway! I'm not a whore. Well, not hardly, not a professional whore. I'm turning in my resignation, as of now. At least until next year."
"Sorry." I resumed undressing.
"Honest mistake."
Annie stared at my erection rather absentmindedly. I wondered-- had work left her so jaded that she wasn't impressed by my large cock?
"I have to buy asthma medicine for my 5 year old daughter. And for myself." As if she needed to prove it, she coughed a phlegmy little cough. "And I need to find a new place for us to live. That sort of thing. It's a burden and a distraction. So don't look down on me, damn it."
"Sorry."
We fell into each other's arms, my throbbing cock sandwiched between our warm bodies, and swayed gently to the music.
"I haven't had a date in months," Annie said, resting her head against my chest. "This'll have to do."
"I know the feeling. You have a daughter. I thought you didn't have a guy."
"Oh, that was my old high school sweetie, for about a month, six years ago. He knocked me up, and disappeared back to his wife. Then she found out what he'd done and he disappeared again, along with the child support dough."
"I have a couple of rooms I've been thinking of renting," I whispered. True, as far as the rooms went-- although I'd never thought of renting them. Until meeting Annie, that is. I wasn't sure if she had heard what I'd just said. Annie looked up at me with something other than shelter on her mind. The sadness in her eyes had faded, replaced by a fire I recognized right away. She slid out of my arms and down onto her knees.
"You think I didn't notice this nice dick of yours?" She wrapped her hand around my shaft and began to cover it with sloppy kisses. "Best I've seen today."
"Oh?"
"I sucked off three college students this afternoon. Nice guys. And nice girlfriends. I would have stayed with them all day-- but I'm pretty pricey. Anyway, I bet they can't fuck a girl like you can."
The thought of her on her knees sucking those boys off-- and then doing their girlfriends-- made me hornier than ever. I wanted Annie to start sucking me immediately. I grasped her head and gently fed her my cock. A second later, she was nursing on my manhood, drawing me deeper and deeper into her mouth, toward the back of her throat. I thought that it couldn't possibly get better, when Annie reached between my legs and started messaging my balls, at first caressing, then squeezing them harder and harder.
"I could eat your load right now, but I won't. I want this big fucker of yours up my pussy!" Annie got to her feet, wrapped her hand around my pole, and led me to the carpeted area near the fire. I got on my knees, pulled her thong down, and buried my face in her fur, inhaling pungent fragrance-of-woman, mixed with a slight scent of the jism that had been splurred into her cunt earlier that day. Annie dropped to the floor midway between our unconscious hosts, grabbed both of my hands and clutched them to her quivering boobs, so that I could squeeze and milk her titties while I licked her wet pussy.
After a few minutes she was moaning. "Oh, fuck, oh fuck I'm going to cum already," I began doing her with my tongue, probing as deeply as possible, up her hot hole, drinking her. My dear stripper suddenly grabbed at my hair-- she wanted to be fucked-- right away. I got on my knees and aimed my randy muscle at her sex. She raised her stocking-sheathed legs into the air, forming a cradle, wrapping them around me as I lowered my body and began to impale her.
"Oh my god!" she gasped.
"I'm going to fuck you, baby, fuck you good!"
I pressed through her sweet portal, slowly-- Annie's pussy consumed my cock-- slowly at first-- until she thrust her hips toward me, eager for that lovely pain, engulfing most of my tool, but not quite all.
"Take this!" I growled and buried the rest of my cock until my balls rested against her flesh.
"Holy Fuck! You fucker, that's good, that hurts!"
Out, and then in again, we increased our pace, I suppose I was grunting, Annie whimpered and wheezed occasionally, and spiced up our loving with the odd obscenity. I pounded her cunt hard, I wanted to give her the fucking that would stand out compared to all the other fuckings she'd gotten that day. I was growing aware of an audience, and so was Annie.
"You like our porn show, you two?" She asked her employers. "You like seeing your stripper get her brains fucked out right in front of your eyes, you pervs. Oh fuck, baby!"
"I guess we are perverts. Aren't we honey?" I looked up at the husband, who was watching and stroking his dick.
"We sure are dear," the wife answered. "She's a very pretty little treat, isn't she? Older than I thought she'd be, but she's a very good whore, as you can see."
"Great demonstration-- It's Ann, isn't it?"
They were beginning to annoy me, but I could tell my lover really liked showing off. That shouldn't have come as a surprise, considering I was screwing a stripper.
"Darling, I'm coming!" Annie cried, loudly this time. And so was I. She held me in her arms, quaking with orgasm as I shot loads of hot cum, spasming again and again, my offering overflowing the lovely vessel it was filling, trickling over my balls, onto the carpet.
Polite applause from our audience.
"I'd like to see your place." Annie had cleaned up and was wriggling into her dress.
"It's only a couple of rooms, I'm afraid. But privacy for you and you daughter..."
"Amy."
"And kitchen privileges. Low rent."
"And I hope bedroom privileges, too! We'll give it a try, at least."
We were interrupted just as we were about to kiss. The other couple was still there-- we'd been transported, temporarily, to a better place-- when reality came knocking.
"We're not finished with you," said the wife.
"We haven't even started with you!" said the husband.
"And you need the money. I think that was your desperate plea over the phone when we were making the arrangements." The wife reached into her husband's robe and pulled out his cock. "You want to share this big joint with me, dear? He has enough cock for both of us."
"Take the dress off, you fucking whore!"
"That's right. No need to be offended. You are a fucking whore, after all."
I was about to take Annie by the arm and steer her toward the door. But she was already shucking her dress. She looked at me with her big, sad eyes. "You'll wait." I wasn't sure if that was a question or a statement, but I nodded.
"Sure, your boyfriend can wait. We'll only use you for a few hours." And the lady of the house produced a pretty good sized roll of bills-- bigger around than her husband's cock.
"Please wait," Annie repeated. "I can't pass this up."
Nor could I offer her more. I was outbid.
I planned to sleep through it all, but the floors creaked, and they left the bedroom door open-- probably just to drive me mad. The husband was brutally loud-- "suck it, you fucking cunt!" And the wife was just as bad-- probably a former cheerleader. She did a good play-by-play or their little orgy.
By the time Annie limped back into the living room, it was 3 a.m. and I had just fallen asleep. She looked worse for the wear-- well, she looked like a well-used whore. Her makeup was smeared, long streaks of cum stained her stockings, her hair looked-- well, kind of sexy, in a bedroom sort of way. She pulled me up off the sofa, and didn't bother with her dress-- she had a warm coat that covered her down to the knees.
"Still friends?" She asked and looked worried.
"Of course."
"I have to sleep. Can you show me your place now? I have to sleep, and shower, before I pick up Amy."
"I have a bed and shower."
"And no fucking-- just sleeping. I'll drive." She took hold of my hand. I'd already decided I wanted to take care of her and her daughter. I was almost in love. With a whore. Well, an 'amateur whore,'as she'd described herself.
"I quit," Annie announced, as if she was reading my mind. "I can't stand all the disrespect I get." Then she looked at me, with a twinkle in her eye, and said, "but I did have a fucking good time."