If people like this story then I would be happy to extend it as I intend that it will be the first part of a series. As with all my stories any constructive criticism would be very welcome as I like to know what it is that people like and dislike about my stories.
*
I stepped out of the taxi and looked at my surroundings, I had missed this place so much, it felt great to finally see things that I had been missing for so long. I turned back to the driver and piled a handful of notes into his outstretched palm, "Keep the change," I said, so eager to get to my destination that to worry about money seemed utterly trivial.
As the taxi screeched off into the distance I hoisted my bag up onto my shoulder and walked through the opened gate and up the driveway. The driveway was a long one but I could see my destination a little further up its length. The large house had always been an imposing structure, looking over the surrounding village like an old manor house or town hall. My Aunt had bought the three hundred year old building almost a decade ago in a state of disrepair and had spent countless hours, and dollars, on refurbishing it to a modern, yet historical building.
My Aunt had gained much of her money with the death of her husband about a year before she bought the house. He had worked as a stockbroker or bank manager or something like that for many years and upon his death left a huge sum of money to his beloved wife. Being the innovative businesswoman that she was she quickly reinvested the money in her own company which greatly expanded her investment and left her able to sell up and live easily with her daughters.
Although she was now very wealthy she remembered that she had not always been so and that luck, as well as acumen, had played a part in her success. For this reason she always helped others when they were in need and was incapable of not displaying her generous nature.
It was that generosity that had led me here in the first place. I had recently lost my job and my Aunt, whose house I was approaching, had invited me to spend the summer with her and my cousins rather than undertake what is now the long and monotonous process of getting another job.
I continued up the winding driveway towards the house, gravel crunching under the soles of my shoes as I went. I had been looking forward to this ever since it had been suggested to me and now here I was about to reunite myself with a part of the family I had not seen in almost three years. My excitement built up as I walked ever closer to the house, passing the terraced gardens and a pond, and stepping onto the main gravel expanse on which were parked several unpretentious cars, not at all the vulgar status symbols that would be expected of a woman with such wealth.
Finally I climbed the stone doorstep towards the heavy oak door and knocked three times on its surface. I waited for a moment, my bag still slung over my shoulder, and stepped back a little to allow some space between me and whoever would answer the door.
My knocks didn't go unanswered and very soon the door was swung open by a woman, of perhaps thirty years, dressed in smart clothing. Her appearance was unfamiliar to me and I stepped closer to the now opened door, inspecting the woman who had answered with what I hoped was an apt degree of subtlety.
My confusion as to the woman's identity was soon alleviated when, from a door to the side of the black and white tiled hallway, came my aunt with her arms outstretched for a hug. I stepped across the threshold of the house, dropping my bag as I did and opened my arms out similarly to greet her. We hugged deeply for several seconds before withdrawing and standing opposite one another taking in each other's appearance.
"It's great to see you," I said, breaking the silence, "You're looking great."
"You too," came the reply, "I can't believe how much you've grown. How are you? How are you?"
"I'm really well, thanks to you, you have no idea how much you're helping me by letting me stay with you for the summer, it's a huge weight off my shoulders."
"It's my pleasure I assure you," she continued, "we've all been looking forward to seeing you, it's just a shame that you couldn't make it sooner for Anastasia's eighteenth."
"I know, I'm a little annoyed I missed it, I suppose it couldn't be helped."
"What kind of a host am I?" she asked rhetorically, "leaving you standing on the threshold like that, come in come in," she turned to the mystery woman, "Sarah, could you please take this bag up to the guest room."
"There's really no need," I pleaded as I stepped into the door which was promptly closed behind me, "I can take that."
"Don't worry about it, this is Sarah, my maid, she's a lot stronger than she looks," said my Aunt, smiling at the maid as though sharing a personal joke. "Come on," she said, now addressing me, "let's go out to the pool, I think that's where Jessica is."
"Okay, sure." I said, following my aunt down the hallway towards the back of the house, leaving the maid to carry the bags, a challenge which it turned out she was easily able to complete, just as my Aunt had assured me.
At the end of the hallway we stepped down three or four stone steps and entered what can be described as a large conservatory. The conservatory commanded excellent views of the surrounding countryside and within it stood a swimming pool and a hot tub and through a door stood a sauna.
As my Aunt had guessed her eldest daughter, Jessica, was indeed taking in the pleasant waters of the pool and, as we entered the room was engaged in swimming a lap away from us. As she turned to swim another lap in the opposite direction she noticed the sight of her mother and her cousin and quickly made for the steps of the pool before bolting up them and onto the tiles.
At twenty years old Jessica was only a year younger than me, and she had been an object of my fantasies all throughout my adolescence. She was not particularly tall but her figure was slender and well proportioned, her petite frame helped accentuate the gentle curves of her body and gave her a kind of beauty that seemed unique to her. She had long dark hair which cascaded in a fountain of large curls towards her shapely shoulders, her face was soft and expressive, with delicate features and plump, inviting, lips. She approached me with a sense of urgency, her full bathing suit covering her body but leaving her slender well toned legs, delicate bare feet and beautiful naked shoulders on full display. Her costume too was so well formed that it hid the modesty of her body without removing anything from the visual treat that anyone seeing her enjoyed.
As she approached she opened her arms widely as her mother had done just moments earlier and for a moment looked like the splitting image of my Aunt. As she approached, however, she realized that with her body dripping as it was she wouldn't e able to hug me and we stood awkwardly, as though about to hug but without actually touching each other. I broke the strangeness of our movements by taking my cousins hand and, pulling her slightly towards me, I gently kissed each of her cheeks.
Pulling away we smiled at each other softly before anyone ventured to speak. It was eventually my Aunt who broke the silence, "You kids," she said, with a false mocking tone. All three of us laughed and the awkward silence was quickly broken.
"How are you?" I asked, still laughing.
"I'm really good, I've been looking forward to seeing you," she replied, her gentle smile still hanging on her seductive lips, enough to melt the heart of any man.
"Me too, I've really missed you."
"Yeah, but do you really think you can handle a few months with me without going crazy?"
"Well it'll be tough," I replied, a little tongue-in-cheek.
She slapped me playfully "Hey." She was laughing now, so was her mother.
We all moved onto the chairs that sat around the edge of the pool and talked for what must have been almost an hour. Sadly Anastasia was on a holiday of her own and would not be joining us for a week or so but that did little to dampen our spirits as we talked away.
Eventually Jessica suggested that we all go in the sauna and continue our conversation, the sauna being one of the many places that Jessica liked to frequent when she spent time at the pool. I was shown to my room by my Aunt who needed to go upstairs into her room to change. Upon arrival I found that my bag had already been unpacked and all of my clothes had been put into the chest of drawers that stood against one wall. My bathing shorts, however, had been placed neatly on my bed so I wasted no time in stripping off all my clothes and hopping into the shorts.
Without thinking to take a towel I returned downstairs to the poolside and opened the door of the sauna, where my cousin was sitting on the bottom layer, gently pouring water over the hot coals. I jumped up to the top level and sat, leant forward, so that I could talk freely with my cousin. From this vantage I could see the outline of her breasts against the fabric of her suit easily but I tried my best to ignore it as we began talking.
"What are you going to do then?" she asked.
"When?" I replied, unsure as to what she was talking about.
"Over the three months that you're staying here, silly," she said, affecting a childish air, bringing up feeling reminiscent of when she would tell me off when we were both children.
"Oh I see," I said, a little amused by her faux childish tone, "I'm not sure; I think I'll spend a lot of time around the pool, I hardly ever get any chance to swim."
"Oh yeah? More like you never get to spend all day staring at girls in their bathing costumes, eh?"
"Well," I said, trying to sound like I was joking, "you do look very nice in yours; I wonder how I'm going to be able to keep my eyes off you."
"You always were a bit of a pervert, Jacob."
"Come on," I said, protesting, "I was joking."
"I see, so I don't look very nice in my bathing costume?" she said, I failed to detect her joking tone.
"No... I mean... You do look very nice... I just... I'm not going to stare at you all day."
She gave me a despairing stare, it suddenly clicked that she had been trying to get a reaction from me, and she definitely got one. "You're too easy," she said, rolling her eyes, "You haven't changed a bit, I mean that in a good way."
"Thanks," I said, a little lost as to how to take the compliment.
Luckily my floundering conversational skills were saved by the entrance of my Aunt. She entered the sauna dressed in a skimpy red bikini which showed off all the features she shared with her daughter for anyone to see. I must have stared for a little, I had tried not to but her response led me to believe I had.
"You like it?" she asked, clearly addressing me.
"Yeah..." I said, unsure as to the proper way to compliment your Aunts bikini, "It really suits you."
"Oh," she said, "It suits me to be half naked does it?" Again I failed to detect the joking tone.
"No, I mean...." I was cut off.
"Twice in as many minutes," said Jessica, "You really are too easy."
"Oh," I said, amazed at my own stupidity.
"Don't let that big bad girl bully you Jacob," said my Aunt, sitting next to me and pulling me close to her with a motion of her arm, "stick with me I'll protect you."
I laughed a little, slightly uneasy at how these tow beautiful women were able to torment me so easily. With my body pulled in so close to my aunt's I was easily able to see down, across her shoulder to her scantily clad breasts. Luckily she released me from her embrace fairly quickly and I was able to sit up straight, but an erection had already began to rise in my shorts, I pulled my legs up towards my chest hoping that it would hide the fact. Unfortunately the suddenness of my movement had turned the heads of both Jessica and her mother but, to my relief, neither of the said anything and they didn't show any sign that they knew what I was maneuvering myself to hide.
Jessica leant back towards the water bucket and ladled another splash of water onto the hot stones. The steam twisted as it rose from the heat source throughout the sauna. It was starting to get very hot and visibility was hampered by the steam, but for me that was a good thing.
With my erection eventually subsiding I was able to return my legs to their original position in front of me and I did so much more gracefully than I had done when pulling them up towards my chest, this movement elicited no response from either of the two women.
"So Jacob," began Jessica, "Do you have a girlfriend at the moment?"
"Uh, no, not at the moment," I replied, a little sheepishly.
"Maybe you should introduce him to some of your friends Jess," said her mother, "I bet there's a couple, at least, that wouldn't mind meeting him."
"Maybe," said Jess, seemingly thinking other thoughts.
"Maybe, I'm happy as I am," I said to the pair, who would have quite happily decided my fate.
"Nonsense," retorted my Aunt, "A guy like you should have a girlfriend, we can't have you sitting around here two months with all us women; you'll go mad."
"I'm sure I'll be fine." I assured her.
"Well it's your decision. I just think that a man your age should be out there, meeting girls and having sex, we can't have you getting all sexually frustrated. What if little Anastasia was to walk in on you while you abuse yourself?"
"Mom!" exclaimed Jessica, "too much information, I don't want to hear about his... masturbation habits (she said these words in a hushed tone), and Anastasia is not so innocent I think that it would be worse for me, if I was to walk in on him."
I was now blushing deep red; luckily the steam concealed my embarrassment. "Can we not talk about me masturbating?" I asked, a little annoyed, "Or about my cousins walking in on me masturbating, however innocent they are or are not."
"A bit of a touchy subject, eh?" asked Jess.
"Evidently," added her mother.
"Well it's just a little strange that's all," I returned, a little annoyed that I had to justify myself, "I think I can manage not to get caught masturbating while I'm here, is that okay?"
"So you admit you will be masturbating?" said Jess, reveling in my discomfort, yet again.
"Well..." I decided to be honest, "I think it would be an obvious lie if I claimed that I wasn't going to over the next three months."
"Don't worry Jacob," added my Aunt, "Jess does it all the time."
"Mom!" she cried out, for the second time.
"Well you do," she added, smiling, "and I do too, it's nothing to be ashamed of, I admire Jacob's honesty."
The very idea that these two women masturbated was one that caused my erection to come back, with a vengeance. I swung my legs back up to my body, worried that the thick atmosphere would not hide my arousal. Again my movement turned heads.
"Maybe you need to step outside and have a quick one now?" said my Aunt, stifling giggles beneath the palm of her hand.
"Aunt Helen!" I cried, mimicking my cousin.
This protestation was too much for the pair who burst out laughing, leaving me feeling a little dejected and very embarrassed. Through muffled laughs my Aunt finally managed to speak. "I'm sorry... We shouldn't laugh; I just want to say... I'm totally okay with the fact that you will be... masturbating during your stay... We really shouldn't tease you... you can call me Helen by the way, you're an adult now... you don't have to be so formal." With the end of her apology the laughing died down.
Both my cousin and my aunt sat, trying to catch their breath while I continued to remain seated between the two, my legs still tight to my body. There was an awkward silence while they caught their breath, eventually my Aunt broke it. "How about we all have a swim? I think we could all use it."
"Especially you Jacob," said Jess, standing up.
She stepped out of the door and walked towards the pool, my aunt and I both stood up and she leant towards me. She whispered in my ear conspiratorially, "just ignore her, I know for a fact that she'll be doing the 'five knuckle gusset shuffle' tonight, she's a horny little madam." We both laughed loud, I was a little comforted by this exchange but also a little disconcerted by the course of the conversation as a whole.
"What?" asked Jess, a worried look on her face.
'Oh, nothing," I said, "just a little secret between Aunt and Nephew." Helen and I both jumped into the cool water of the pool in unison, Jess waited at the poolside for a moment then joined us.
The three of us all sat half-crouched in the gentle pool water. Jess looked at her mother with squinted eyes as if pulling such a ridiculous expression would weaken her mother's resolve and reveal what it was she had said earlier.
The tension was broken by Aunt Helen who, always the diplomat, changed the subject completely. "Marco Polo?" she said, animatedly.
"Yeah, I'm game," I said.
"I guess, but don't think I'm going to forget this, I'll get both of you back."
"Stop your whining and have a little fun," said Helen, sticking out her bottom lip, mocking the sulky mood of her daughter, the move had the desired effect and she soon seemed to perk up a little.
"Jacob, you're the guest so you can be 'it' first," she continued, not allowing her daughter another chance to voice her annoyance.
"Fine," I said unenthusiastically. I swam to the other end of the pool and closed my eyes. "Marco."
"Polo," they replied in unison, they had hardly moved.
I swam closer to where I though Jess was, "Marco," I repeated.
"Polo," came the reply, I was sure that Jess was behind me, I swung around and flailed a little hoping to tag her, no luck.
I could hear movement in the water and decided not to say anything but to listen instead. I could hear the sound of someone gently gliding across the water behind me; I turned around and reached out but my hand just swept through the water, not making contact.
I was about to call out "Marco," and find the location of my tormentor when, all of a sudden, I felt someone near my feet. I kicked my legs a little but, not wanting to be accused of cheating, I kept my eyes closed for a little while longer. Soon I felt hands on the waistband of my shorts and I opened my eyes just in time to see my cousin beneath the water pulling my shorts quickly away from my legs. Before I could stop her she had taken the shorts and exited the pool with them, holding them up like a trophy.
I cupped my exposed genitals in my hands and walked towards the shallow end of the pool. "Give them back Jess." I shouted, not angrily, but a little bleatingly.
"Jess," said her mother, in a slightly chastising tone, although it was betrayed by her approving giggles.
"Come and get them," said Jess, laughing heartily.
I walked towards the steps and, still cupping myself as best I could I climbed the ladder to the poolside. My aunt, who was still in the pool, giggling away, looked up at the commotion and let out a wolf whistle, "Nice ass," she cried; I was becoming a little annoyed.
Deciding to ignore her whistles I continued to advance towards my cousin. "Please, can you just give them back?" I asked; a pleading tone in my voice, I wanted to give the impression that I was okay with her little joke but my voice was not in agreement with my brain on this one.
"You really want them?" she asked.
"Yeah," I replied pathetically.
"Here you go," she said, before throwing them towards me in an arc that was deliberately too high for me to easily retrieve them. Stupidly I forgot my state of undress and jumped both hands in the air, to catch my shorts. I must have flashed my cousin for about two seconds in total but it was enough, it was what she had wanted.
"Oh my," she said, mockingly, "that was quite a show you put on for me, I'm flattered." Her air of satisfaction was almost unbearable.
I looked at her daggers whilst I held my shorts over the front of my exposed body, my buttocks still clearly visible for my aunt who was still in the pool, giggling.
I turned towards the glass window of the conservatory, giving myself as much privacy as possible and quickly slipped my shorts back on, all too aware that in the process I had probably flashed both my Aunt and my cousin.
Jessica jumped back into the pool and I, trying to keep my shorts as secure as possible, decided that the best thing to do would be to jump into the hot tub where I could see everything that was going on.
Soon I had been joined by my aunt who sank, gracefully into the rolling bubbles next to me and started to talk softly. "I'm sorry about whistling earlier, I couldn't help myself."
"That's okay," I assured her, speaking in equally soft tones.
"You have a cute butt," she added, with a grin.
"Uh thanks, I guess," I said, taken aback by her candor.
"No really, it looked nice and firm, trust me, the girls love a nice butt like yours."
"Okay..." I said, still a little unsettled.
"You're going to have to get used to the way we talk around here, we all say what we like; I think it's best to be open and honest. It'll be fine when you get used to it but just try and roll with it for now, I know it's awkward." She said these words with a tone of almost motherly concern.
"I understand," I said, "I just didn't want to expose myself to my cousin that's all."
"Well don't worry about it that was what she was trying to get you to do. She's a bit of a pervert and, chances are, you'll see much more of her in the next few weeks; she's a bit of an exhibitionist too."
"Okay..." I said slowly, unsure as how to take this news.
"Well we all are really," she continued. "I like to bare a little skin from time to time, I like the sense of freedom you get from being naked, exposed to the elements, it feels so primal, to reduce oneself into a state of nature." She spoke these words with an enthusiasm which she did a poor attempt at concealing.
"I understand, I suppose. I kind of know what you mean."
"That's the spirit," she said heartily. "Just don't worry yourself about it. Just because we may bare all from time to time it doesn't mean we expect you to join us, nobody's going to make you do anything you don't want to."
"No that's okay, 'when in Rome' and all that, it's just..." I paused for a moment; I wanted to pick my words carefully.
"Worried about erections?" asked Helen, detecting my apprehension. She didn't wait for a reply before setting me at ease. "Don't worry about it, I understand that it's difficult to control and so do the girls so just relax, besides, when you know that nobody cares if you have one or not, chances are that you won't get them."
"So are you Naturalists then?"
She laughed quietly. 'You're so cute, it's Naturist, and I suppose I probably am, not all the time, but quite a lot. I think that the human body is attractive in all its forms and a thing of such beauty should be shown off. You can rest assured that you are safe here, nobody is going to see you except Jessica, Anastasia and me."
"And the maid," I added.
"Well yes, but I think that she's gotten used to us now, she tends to do other chores when we indulge in a little naturism." She emphasized the word naturism. "And don't worry about being rushed into this, if you would like to join us then by all means do so at your own pace, if you don't then we won't hold it against you. I just thought that I ought to tell you all this so that you don't feel awkward when the time comes and one of us sheds our clothes."
The honesty and straightforwardness of my Aunt's words put me at ease and left me feeling more than a little interested in joining in with this family activity. "Perhaps tomorrow I could give it a try, if that's okay."
"That would be great, just don't feel rushed, the only good pace is your own pace."
"I understand, I think I'm okay with it, I'm a little worried about the obvious erection thing, but I'm sure I'll get over it."
'Well, I'll be here to support you either way." She said, reassuringly. "Would you mind if I was to get a little bit of a head start and shed my garments?"
"No that's fine, I just want to apologize in advance for the behavior of my penis, unruly little blighter."
"From what I saw he wasn't little," she said, attempting to sound coy. She turned a little in the hot tub and spoke, "Could you just untie the knot for me?" referring to the strands that had been knotted to keep her bikini on.
Rather than answer her I just reached out towards the knot and attempted to undo it. With each tug at the strands the knot seemed to be getting tighter and tighter and I couldn't loosen it no matter what I tried. "I don't think I can," I said, finally admitting defeat.
"Nonsense, just use your teeth," came the reply.
Not wanting to let Helen down after she had been so affectionate and considerate of my feelings I quickly leant down and complied with her instructions. The first bite at the knot caused one of my lips to brush, momentarily, with the warm skin of her back. I could swear that upon contact I felt a shudder radiate through her body but I soon dismissed it as nothing and instead pulled the knot closer to my mouth so I could bite it without contact with her skin.
With the knot pulled towards me all that she could feel of my effort was the pulling of the strands and the warmth of my breath. Without much further effort the knot suddenly came free and fell softly onto the surface of the lightly bubbling water.
"It's about time," she said, pretending to chastise me. We both smiled awkwardly at her admonishment and she sank lower in her seat. With her hands at her chest she loosed the cups of the bikini top from her breasts and let the fabric float for a moment of the rippling surface. She then moved her hands to the back of her neck and, showing off the elegance of her thin, well-toned arms she pulled the strands that clung to her neck and placed the now redundant bikini on the side of the spa.
Although the bubbles and foam of the hot tub were concealing her breasts my breath began to quicken and my erection was already fully formed with the anticipation of what I was about to see.
Without waiting any longer she sat up straight in the tub allowing her pert breasts to become fully visible to me, her stunned nephew. Although she was forty-two she had breasts that appeared as firm and smooth as those of a woman half her age. My growing erection was now throbbing as the sight of my aunts breasts became the only thing I could focus on, several times I tried to look away but I was mesmerized, they were perfect.
Eventually I managed to redirect my gaze, "Sorry," I said, "I was staring,"
"Don't worry about it." She replied. "I'll take your staring as a compliment, besides it's not every day that a man half your age finds you so attractive he can't keep his eyes off you."
I blushed a little, unsure of what to say, she knew I was staring but didn't mind, I wanted to continue but felt as though I shouldn't. Before I could think of anything to say she leant forward and, after a few seconds with a concentrated look in her eyes she sat up straight again and waved the bottom half of her bikini in her hands.
The sight of her mother waving her bikini bottom had caught the attention of Jess who had been swimming laps in the pool. With the sound of gushing water it was soon clear that Jess had left the pool and intended to join us. "Hola," she said merrily as she jumped into the hot tub opposite me. "I see you've met my mother's breasts," she continued, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
"No need to be so crass darling," said Helen. "I've just explained a few things to your cousin and he had decided that he may, in his own time, join us."
"Cool, I wanted to see more of that dick of yours," said Jess, ignoring her mother's plea for civility.
I blushed again, all this talk of breasts and nudity was really getting me horny, I wanted to go to my room and masturbate before I did something stupid, but I couldn't I was trapped.
"How about you take off those shorts of yours cuz?" she continued.
"Jess, please," her mother said, a stern edge to her voice, "I said that he may decide to do it in his own time, you are not to go pushing him into anything."
"It's okay, Au- Helen." I said, remembering the shedding of formal address as well as the shedding of clothes. Without voicing my intentions I leant forward in a similar manner to the one my Aunt had just taken and with a quick movement I removed my shorts and threw them onto the tiles beside the pool.
"Well that's easy for you Jacob," said my cousin, "We can't see anything beneath all those bubbles."
Again, without voicing my intentions I decided to act. I stood up abruptly, voluntarily displaying to my aunt and my cousin my genitals. My erection was as hard as it possibly could be and the length of my shaft was red with the pressure of having to bear the agony of visual stimulation without physical release.
"Okay..." said my cousin, clearly taken aback by the voluntary exhibition of my penis, considerably larger this time than the last time she had seen it. The look on the face of my Aunt displayed similar surprise but without the verbal acknowledgement that her daughter had expressed.
I sat down again in the water, my face a little red and my heart beating with the excitement of what I had done, I felt as though I had achieved an incredible feat of daring.
"That showed a lot of courage Jacob." Said my aunt, "And it shut that daughter of mine up too, which is always difficult." She smiled as she said this and I smiled too, Jessica was famous for her ceaseless talking.
Not at all phased by this attack on her character Jessica decided that she too would join in the fun and very quickly, as though she had practiced the motion, she grabbed the straps of her bathing costume and pulled them down to beneath her breasts exposing them for all to see.
Jessica's bust shared all the pertness and delicacy of her mother's breasts but did not share the same size. The smaller form of Jessica's breasts suited her well as they were perfectly proportioned with the rest of her body. It was at this point that I thought I must be dreaming. I had fantasized about Jessica for as long as I had fantasized and to finally see her perfect breasts was like the final realization of a long held dream. To see, at the same time, the breasts of her mother on open display made me so aroused that I had to exercise huge willpower not to reach below the surface of the water and pull myself to orgasm.
Fairly soon Jessica had followed the lead of Helen and me and had removed her entire bathing suit and had thrown it dismissively away towards the chairs. Like before I was unable to stop staring but I tried my hardest to look away.
"Aw, he doesn't know where to look," said Jessica, her mocking tone returning.
"Well he can look right here at these if he wants, I like the attention," said Helen, cupping each of her breasts in her hands.
The very sight of this action made my swelling penis even more strained and I knew that I had to get out soon.
"You're such a hussy Mom," said Jessica, reprimanding her mother's flirty outburst.
"I don't think it's a crime to be appreciated, and I can tell by your perky mood that you don't find it disagreeable either."
"Well, maybe," said Jessica, admitting her mother's point.
"I think it's just about time for a spot of lunch, don't you?" asked Helen addressing my cousin and me.
"Yeah, I guess so," said Jessica, "At least if we leave the tub we'll be able to get a good look at that rod of his."
"It's not a one-way street babe," her mother said, "Just think what he'll be able to see of us."
"I'm not sure if he can take it," She said playfully. She stood up in the hot tub and turned her back to me before slowly bending down exposing her bare buttocks and, for a split second, her naked pussy. Before I had chance to collect my thoughts she had stood up and jumped out of the tub and began to walk towards the door that led back into the tiled hallway.
As soon as she had left I felt my Aunt's hand grip mine tightly and I looked up towards her softly smiling face. "Come on," she said.
Here soothing voice and gentle nature had, once again, put me at ease and I stood up without hesitation and we both left the hot tub and headed, still hand-in-hand, towards the same door through which Jessica had just disappeared.
We soon arrived in the kitchen where Jessica was already stood on tiptoe rummaging through a cupboard. She turned at the sound of the two of us entering the room and looked back down towards my crotch, I felt a little self conscious but I did nothing to hide myself. "Still at full mast I see?" she asked.
"Come on Jess, lay off him," her mother implored.
"I wasn't complaining," argued Jess, "keep it up." She continued nodding in my direction.
Helen released my hand from her grip and stepped towards her daughter. With a slight advantage in height she managed to reach the jar that Jess had been struggling with, placing her hand just above hers daughter's exposed buttock as she did. This sight excited me even more that everything I had already seen today but I managed not to stare this time and instead I looked out of the window.
"Shall I make you a sandwich?" asked Jess.
"Please," I replied, trying, yet again, not to stare.
"Jam okay?" she asked.
"That's fine."
"I'll have the same," her mother added. "Come on," she said, "I think we can hide that erection of yours from my daughter's prying eyes." She pulled out a chair at the head of the kitchen table and I sat down, she joined me at the table by taking the seat just to my right. My erection may have been hidden but her breasts were still on full display.
Soon the sandwiches were made and handed out between us. Jessica took the seat to my left, opposite her mother, and her breasts were also left on full display. We all ate in silence with fleeting glances towards one another, I couldn't help but look at the breasts of my two beautiful counterparts but rather than be offended they just smiled when they noticed.
Sitting with her sandwich gripped haphazardly between her two hands Jess was eating as though she hadn't eaten in days. It was not the most ladylike way to eat but then who eats tidily when they are hungry? With a squeeze of the sandwich between her palms a thick dollop of jam escaped the slices of bread and plummeted down towards the table. It was interrupted in its flight by Jess's right breast which it landed on and sat, obtrusively just above her nipple.
As though it was a perfectly normal occurrence, which in this house perhaps it was, she stuck out her index finger a scooped most of it off. Raising the aforementioned finger to her lips she stuck the jam into her mouth and slid her finger languorously out, through her pouting lips. She must have known that the way she sucked the jam off her finger was going to drive me wild and she kept her eyes fixed on mine throughout the whole process.
"You are such a tease," Helen said to her daughter. "The poor boy's agog."
"It's just a bit of fun, if he can tease me with the sight of that rigid cock of his then I'm going to make him suffer too."
"I think he's suffering enough, he hasn't ceased to be fully erect since we left the tub."
"I'm okay really," I said, butting into the conversation. "I'm sure I can handle it." I was lying of course but I didn't know what else I could say.
"You see he likes it," said Jessica.
'No, I didn't say that..." I was protesting the fact that I was turned on by my cousin's actions, "I mean... I'm not that bothered, I can cope."
"Really?" asked Helen, "I'm a little worried that if you don't get some release soon you're going to explode."
"I'm sure I'll be fine," I continued, again a little disturbed by the direction of the conversation, despite the fact that everything she said was true.
"All I'm saying is that if you need to go and 'let off some steam' we don't mind at all and we totally understand."
"I don't know if I could do it knowing that you know exactly what it is I am doing."
"You could do it here for all I care Jacob, it makes no difference to me, I just want to know that my guest is happy." Although this comment would normally have put me ill-at-ease I actually found it rather comforting. I couldn't for the life of me think of something to say in response.
"I could do it for you." Said Jessica, this completely stunned me.
"What?" I asked, shocked.
"What's the harm in it? It's not like we're having sex, it's just a little release."
I was again shocked; I looked to her mother for support. "Well, why not?" said she, apparently fine with the notion of her daughter giving her cousin a hand job.
"She's my cousin," I replied, amazed.
"Yeah, and it's not like you'll be having sex, she'd just be helping you out."
The idea did sound good but I wasn't sure if I could bring myself to submit to something that felt so wrong. Knowing that before me stood a choice to do something that was wrong but rewarding or do something which was right but unsatisfying I decided that I had to leave to think about it.
I pulled myself abruptly to my feet only to find that in doing so I would be leaving my decision to fate rather than tuition. In standing so abruptly I had forgotten about my throbbing member and it bashed against the table with a huge amount of force. I yelped in pain but, still determined to leave the room; I turned towards the door and went into the hall. With the sound of chairs behind me I turned again and headed into the living room where I threw myself onto the middle of a couch and brought my legs up towards my chest in a vain attempt to cover myself up.
My Aunt and cousin both entered the room soon after me and each took a seat either side of me. My face was red with the pain but I didn't want to lower my legs for fear of being exposed. My Aunt spoke, "Jacob, I'll need to take a look at that, if you've hurt yourself that's the last place you want to hide away."
"I can't let you look," I said, in a surly tone.
"Please, Jacob, I won't touch it without your permission, I promise."
"I'll show you if Jess promises the same,"
"I promise," she said, quietly, her normal joking tone replaced with one of sincerity.
I relaxed my legs and let them fall towards the floor in front of me. I was now fully exposed and, despite the pain in my cock I was still fully erect.
"It looks okay," Helen said, inspecting it as closely as she could. She stretched out her hand towards it, "May I?" she asked.
I thought about her proposal. I really wanted to feel her soft hand on my cock but I knew that I shouldn't want it, I had already been aroused by their naked bodies and that was one thing but to be touched by them was something completely different. I finally decided to permit it, the guise of medical aid being sufficient to hold my guilt at bay. "Okay..." I said tentatively, although in reality I was awaiting the touch with baited breath.
After what seemed like an eternity in waiting my Aunt's warm, delicate hand lightly grasped the head of my cock. I gasped with the initial sensation and both my Aunt and my cousin turned towards me with gentle smiles on their faces. She lifted the head up towards my body and looked underneath to check for any sign on injury, although she was trying to perform a medical service I suddenly realized that my lust and my need for release was going to easily outweigh the morality of the situation.
Satisfied with her inspection Helen raised her hand and began to bring it towards her body. Almost unconsciously I reached out my own hand and stopped hers from moving any further. "Please," was all I could manage to say. Luckily in the one word that I managed to speak I successfully transmitted all the things I so desperately wanted to say and my aunt loosed her arm from my grip and reached out again towards my throbbing cock.
This time there was no pretence of medical treatment and rather than the gentle touches she had made before she grabbed her hand all around the base and began slowly pumping. The feeling was amazing, normally the feel of a hand job feels unsatisfactory for me but to know that it was my aunt who was doing it, and with her daughter sat, naked and watching, made the experience amazing.
Soon Jessica, who had been enjoying the show, took over from her mother and began pumping at my throbbing shaft. Helen moved her hands down towards my balls and slowly massaged them in the palm of her hand, rolling them as she did. Most men would revel at the thought of getting a hand job form a mother and her daughter and I was living that fantasy, except for me it was enhanced by the taboo nature of our actions.
I wanted to reach a climax as quick as possible but the skilled hands of the two women left me in a state of ecstasy which did not quite approach orgasm. Needing some visual stimulation I turned towards my aunt and looked towards her prefect breasts as the bounced gently up and down with the movement of her hands.
She sensed what it was that I needed and rather than continued playing with my balls she instead moved to sit up on the arm of the chair and spread her legs allowing me to get a good look at her moist, shaven pussy. This sight, of my aunt's womanhood, was all I needed and without further hesitation I reached my orgasm. I sprayed a jet of hot cum over my chest and as my cock continued to jerk my cousin moved her hands so that she pumped my cock with one and with the other she collected the product of my genital spasms.
Soon I had finished and I lay, utterly satisfied, panting and covered in sweat, a trail of cum sprayed out across my chest. Jessica moved her hands away from my body and began to lap hungrily at the mess that I had left on her hands. It was an amazing sight to watch and just seeing it left me feeling as though I was ready to cum again.
Soon the sight of Jessica cleaning herself was interrupted by an even more erotic one as her mother stuck out her finger and mopped up the cum from my chest before sucking it off her pointed digit in a similar fashion to her daughter with the jam.
Still panting I managed to choke out two syllables, "Thank you." I said.
"It was our pleasure," said Helen, "Next time though I don't want you to be so cautious, forget what's right and do what feels good."
"Okay," was all I could say in response.
"Don't think you got that for free either cuz, I'm going to want something in return a little later, and so is my mom."
I was delighted by the prospect of getting to return the favor to these two beautiful women but for now all I could do was lay back and recover my senses after what had been one of the most erotic experiences of my life.
If you liked this story please leave a comment so that I know if there is any point in continuing it.