In my original story entitled, "Glenda's First Time Out"; I introduced my fiance Glenda, who was a 'wet dream' come true.
Glenda enjoyed my kinky side and during our frequent love making sessions, we would trade fantasies back and forth and it was a blend of those same fantasies that initiated Glenda's first woman to woman get together as described in my proceeding story.
Another fantasy we acted upon led to this.
Glenda is fond of her beautiful body, modelling it and touching herself in private for our pleasures and can be somewhat of a flirt, even though she is basically very shy. I guess this is when she can relax and let her hair down; too be naughty like she enjoys without the quilt or consequences to worry about. We have therefore enjoyed a wide range of fantasies together, with things before always staying on the safe side.
Glenda's exposure to Donna and those lucky patrons at the out of the way bar created a burning desire in her to show off some more and it became an obsession until I came up with a way to satisfy her urge.
As a frequent visitor to adult sites, I mentioned that she could reveal herself using a web cam in the safety of our own home and remain anonymous doing so. An added bonus is many adult sites pay the women to do this, so we decided to investigate the notion a bit; besides Glenda does like to shop and the extra money would help offset her shopping sprees. Two birds with one stone, plus the idea of Glenda exposing herself really got to me!
Early next day we went shopping for a good quality web cam and returned home with everything to go online and to get naughty. We set a roll-away bed into position by our computer and she soon had signed onto a site that allowed women to create their own account and was up and running in under an hour. Since we had some nude photos of Glenda already, we used those as free shots for her account and upon signing in, she began to receive visitors almost immediately and was being beseeched by a number of men to touch herself and to display her body to them. Slowly she modelled and obliged their requests and the effect on her was instantaneous; the aroma of her pussy filled the air from only this brief exposure and you could have heard a pin drop when one man requested to see her alone in her first private show.
I wasn't sure if she was ready to go all the way so quickly, but when she replied back promising that if he was agreeable to her fees, he would enjoy himself. Since he had a web cam connected to his computer, Glenda and I were both able to see him and as he leaned away from his desk, a very thick cock protruded from his mid section. Glenda had yet to show him even a hint of her body and here he was totally exposed to her. Glenda has always admired big, hard cock and this man was truly gifted. She gazed at his throbbing cock and told him how much she would love to feel something that big in her and so on, all the time getting wetter and wetter by the moment.
At his insistence, Glenda exposed her beautiful tits to this total stranger for the first time in her life. Besides her tell-tale scent, I watched as she cris-crossed her legs back and forth, trying to get whatever pressure she could to force down onto her clit. As he and I starred at Glenda's tits, his hands started wondering down his own body until he was grasping his thick cock and rubbing his big balls. Stroking his fat knob, he requested for Glenda to 'show her pussy'. It was now or never and as a soft moan escaped her throat, her fingers strayed down to her thong and in one sweet, hurried movement, she had her pussy finally on display to the both of us. In that next instant Glenda climaxed for the first time without even touching herself.
In a flash her new friend began seriously jerking his big cock up and down and told her that 'I want to watch you jerk off too'. Almost immediately Glenda's fingers were buried deeply into her wet snatch. In what I can only describe as the most erotic show I have ever seen, Glenda with the use of her fingers and an assortment of vibrators and dildos climaxed another three times for this man, who himself shoot two very healthy loads all over himself which had Glenda cooing for the feeling of it on her skin.
After saying their goodbyes, she hung up and so ended her first cam to cam display, but certainly not her last..
Once her friend had disconnected; Glenda ordered me to my knees, so I could eat her wet pussy all up...something that we both love. God, I love the taste of her juicy pussy and I ate her to another climax in what seemed like seconds. Unfortunately, Glenda had not signed out of the site and was soon being asked for another private show. Usually, a good climax or two and its over for her, but today it was different; it was as if she were possessed and wanted total fulfilment.
Upon returning to her screen, Glenda was immediately treated to the sight of two more male appendages. After a few questions Glenda found out a lot more about these two young stallions. Both were nineteen years old, brothers with only ten months difference in their age and they fantasized sexually about their own mother which whom it seems Glenda strongly resembled. Glenda was to play the role of their Mom and they would command her to do what they wanted.
Initially, Glenda was reluctant, but at both the boys and my insistence, she finally relented. Both boys then told her what to do, what to say and to how to act and she was to respond and do as she was being asked. At first the pace went slow, but as the boys gazed at their fantasy mother accepting passively what they requested and at the sight
of Glenda spread out on the bed showing them her pussy and asking 'is this what you want mommy to do'. Without prompting Glenda started rubbing her pussy and as she played with her wet pussy, she starting talking dirty to them, telling them that she was ready for them to 'fuck her pussy' and 'cum all over her'. In a blur both boys began pumping their young hard cocks for all they were worth and soon they both climaxed. Glenda was treated to the sight of multiple shoots of cum arcing out from their young cocks and was soon having her sixth orgasm of the day.
Glenda then asked them how much more cum could they produce? They replied that if she could keep them hard, they could squirt another three or four more times. This got Glenda even more excited and she was saying things like: 'why are my used panties always covered in cum', 'little perverts', 'you want me to suck your cocks' and things like that, which only provided the stimulus for the boys to keep shooting their hot cock sauce for her and after another two more climaxes herself, she told the boys that she had to go and make supper for their father and then signed off.
All in all, Glenda had climaxed eight times during the first day online and was still so horny that night that she begged me to eat her again. My mouth was flooded by two more climaxes and afterwards I told her of other fantasies we could explore, if she was interested...more to come.