A hot, sunny summer's day greeted Jonny and me as we got up out of the big king-sized bed in the guest room, got our clothes on and made our way downstairs to the back patio where our aunts had laid out a delicious spread of fresh fruit, waffles with maple syrup, coffee and juice.
"Bobbie! Jonny! Good morning boys. Brunch is ready, sleepyheads", my aunt said, standing there in a very short, wispy nightshirt that did little to cover her ample breasts and bottom. My best friend looked at her and then me with a growing smile on his face. Jonny and I were always very close and did everything together. Our aunts had always been very close as long as we can remember and we enjoyed spending our yearly summer trip to their house along the coast. The secluded back patio offered a beautiful view of the beach and ocean and featured a large, refreshing pool, garden and shaded dining area.
Our aunts are truly very much alike, in character and looks. They are both in their early forties, standing about five feet in height with 36 inch breasts, small waists and full, sexy bottoms. The only difference is Jonny's aunt, Jackie, has short, red hair and my aunt, Claire, has long red hair and is usually tied up in a bun. They are both very friendly, extroverted ladies who, a few years back, decided to buy a seaside house together and enjoy the free time that came with being single women who wisely invested their savings allowing them to retire early. Our aunts are very attractive women and make no reservations about exhibiting their intoxicatingly, sexy bodies to anybody, including Jonny or I. Jonny's sleepy morning grin confirmed everything.
Jackie walked over and gave me a morning greeting hug as I approached the patio table. I breathed in her delicious body fragrance as I could feel her breasts press into my stomach and was amazed at how firm they were. My hands easily wrapped around her waist and briefly made their way to her equally firm, barely covered ass cheeks. Her skin was so soft and firm. She must have noticed my cock had slightly swollen and pushed against her. My aunt was hugging Jonny who had already sat down and so was briefly treated with a delicious set of firm, juicy tits pressing into his face. He too became a little aroused. Our aunts had always been physically affectionate with us since we were kids and so we were quite used to it. Our frequent states of semi-arousal that occurred with our aunts started when we were in our teens and, now that we are in our early twenties, we are quite used to it and now openly display them with no reservations, much to the amusement of our aunts. There was always an exciting, yet unbroken sexual tension in the air with the four of us together and we all enjoyed it.
Jonny and I sat at the table and started to pile food on our plates. We are both very active and our 6 foot, slim, muscular frames require plenty of nourishment. Jackie and Claire had both removed their nightshirts revealing bodies barely covered by tiny string bikini bathing suits. Claire's two-piece thong bikini included a tiny top with two triangles barely covering her areolas and a very revealing low-cut bottom portion tied with a string on each hip allowing a good view of her ample pussy mound. Jackie wore the same tiny top but her bottoms consisted of a short frilly skirt covering a tiny thong which offered a tantalizing partial view of her smooth firm ass cheeks.
"Wow," panted Jonny. "Those outfits look awesome ladies...but maybe just a tad too tight."
"What Jonny boy means is: 'Try to avoid sneezing.'" I cheekily added.
"Watch it boys, or we'll take you over our laps!" joked my Auntie Claire.
Our aunts sat at the table as well, but not until they each carefully laid out a towel on the chair seat, allowing us a good look at their fully tanned, sexy, middle-aged bodies. Jonny and I caught a few brief glimpses of partially covered asses, areolas and smooth pussy mounds. I swear I could almost see Aunt Jackie's tiny pink puckered hole partially covered by the thong strap as she bent over to smooth out her towel. We gave each other slight nods of approval and readjusted our shorts to accommodate our swelling man hoods. You could see a twinkle of delight in our aunts' eyes as they teased us. It was just one of the little erotic games we all engaged in.
Jonny and I devoured our food ravenously, as we drank in the beautiful, almost nude bodies of our aunts while they were sipping coffee, giggling and talking to one another. I pushed my napkin off the table in an attempt at a lame excuse to lean under the table to catch another peek at our aunts' barely covered pussies. I couldn't really see Jackie's crotch because she was partially turned away from me but my aunt's legs were slightly open revealing her bikini clad pussy. The bump of her large clit could be seen under the material that had tightened around her pussy lips and her smoothly shaved mound was in full view. Every time she giggled and shifted I thought the material would slip inside her slit.
"Ahem", my aunt said. "Is there something you're looking for Bobbo?"
Just realizing I spent too much time below the table, I quickly tried to resurface but ended up smacking my head on the table's underside.
"Uh, no, Aunt Claire. I found it." I said through clenched teeth, bringing up the napkin.
Claire and Jackie just giggled and carried on with their conversation.
Jonny smirked and finished up with his eating.
"Hurry up and finish that juice Bobbie and let's get in the pool," Jonny said to me, as he stripped down to his swimsuit and jumped in the pool. I gulped down my juice and got ready to dive in as well. One of the stipulations of spending time at our aunts' home was to be as unreserved as they were and to dress down to as little as possible. Jonny and I were wearing similar thong swim wear which barely contained our smoothly shaved cocks and offered a good view of our well-toned asses. We found the thin white material, once wet, became slightly transparent and realized the reason why Jackie insisted we buy them. Jonny emerged from the pool before I got in and we all could see his 7 inch semi-erect cock and large circumcised head through his briefs. His generous set of balls were partially visible on each side as the material strained to contain them and his cock head was just starting to poke up through the top.
"Nice view bro," I said. "Try to keep it decent, there are ladies here you know."
Jonny just shook the water out of his hair as he walked by me.
"Just thought I would offer a little something for our aunts to look at since they have been so generous to us," he said casually with eyes have closed and grabbing a handful of grapes.
Claire laughed. "I'm not so sure if you would call that a 'little something'."
"I can see nothing wrong with either one of your outfits," added Jackie, who was ogling each of our partially covered man hoods while slowly licking the maple syrup off of her fingertips. Her actions soon started my flaccid penis to expand.
Jackie got up off the chair and walked over to the pool's shallow area and slowly stepped in. I jumped into the water at the deep end where I hoped a cool, refreshing rush of water would steady my senses and keep my stiffening cock contained in my thong. The cold water felt good as it contacted my skin and tickled my smoothly shaved asshole which the thong strip barely protected. Aunt Jackie responded likewise as I could see her ass quiver once she walked to the pool's waist depth area. The large, fleshy bumps of Aunt Jackie's hardened nipples could clearly be seen through her tiny bikini top and the small skirt that covered her thong was now floating on the surface allowing a good look at her large, fleshy pussy mound through the shimmering water.
The effect of the cold water was starting to wear off and my engorged cock head was soon forcing its way out of the top of my thong. As the material stretched, the back strip started to rub on my sensitive anal hole and caused further sexual arousal.
"Is the water cooling you off?" Claire asked matter-of-factly. My aunts were fully aware of the effects their bodies had on my brother and I and we all flaunted our open-minded attitudes.
"Not really," I said, as I climbed back out of the pool, dripping water, with my half-engorged cock blatantly sticking out of my thong's waistband and my balls half contained in the tightly stretched material.
"Very nice," Aunt Jackie remarked, who had emerged from the water and was now standing on the pool edge near the patio table. "You boys certainly are in fantastic shape." Her bullet sized nipples and bumpy areolas were now easily visible through the tiny, thin bits of material that covered her dripping breasts. She turned around to pick up her towel and allowed all of us an amazing look at her dripping wet puckered hole that was almost covered with a thin strip of wet string between her beautiful firm ass cheeks. The beginning of a large hairless mound of wet flesh could be seen between her legs just beyond her asshole and Jonny and I could wonder how a woman's pussy could be so plump.
My Aunt Claire had now stretched her blanket out on the poolside decking and was lying on her stomach. She had untied her bikini top and allowed her firm breasts to push out on either side of her small frame. Aunt Claire then slightly spread her legs apart exposing a magnificent view of her feminine features for all three of us to see. Her thin thong string extended from her the top off ass and disappeared as it got to her plump, moist pussy. The string did little to cover her hairless, pink hole and her bikini material wasn't able to cover up the bottom of her pussy and so exposing some of her juicy slit.
"Jonny, be a darling and put some suntan lotion on me?" Aunt Claire purred.
Jonny wordlessly walked over and squatted on the ground beside her with his ass resting over her arm so that his wet see-through thong, overflowing with his meaty, erect cock, was a few inches from her face. His balls were now fully exposed, hanging below the thong's pouch. I walked over to where Aunt Jackie was standing and noticed Jonny's rear view was even more erotic. His pink, hairless dripping wet nut sack and asshole were in plain view for Jackie and me to see. Jackie's beautiful blue eyes were fixated on Jonny's ass and I could clearly see the front of her thong start to swell out to the point that her skirt was slightly pushing upwards.
Jonny was about to reach for the suntan lotion but, with a mischievous smile, motioned for me to throw him the maple syrup container. I tossed it to him as he untied his thong and let his throbbing wet cock and balls finally free from their restraint. He also untied Aunt Claire's bikini bottom strings to which she wriggled her rear end and deeply exhaled her approval. He trickled the sweet, sticky syrup all over her back and slowly rubbed his hands on her smooth, freckled skin between her shoulder blades and neck. Some syrup had slowly started to flow down her sides onto her large tits and so Jonny massaged the syrup all over her exposed breast flesh and down her sides to her hips. He then squirted syrup all over her ass and down her crack and started to deeply massage her heavenly ass cheeks while occasionally running his fingers over her pussy slit and asshole. Aunt Claire responded by lightly moaning and grinding her hips into the blanket.
"That feels heavenly Jonny cakes," Aunt Claire cooed. She stretched her arm out so that her hand was directly below Jonny's ass and lightly started to tease his asshole with her fingers and eventually pushed a finger inside his butt hole.
This erotic display was too much for my Aunt Jackie who was now fully charged with sexually arousal. She had untied her top and was rubbing and pinching her nipples so that they stood out at least one inch from her big freckled tits. Her other hand slowly untied her bottoms finally revealing what Jonny and I had fantasized about for so many years and now realizing was true. Her skirt-covered bikini bottom slid down her firm legs and a huge, half-engorged cock sprang into view.
By this time, Jonny was now straddling Aunt Claire's upper legs while continuing to massage her ass so that his stiff 8 inch cock was resting on her puckered ass opening. Every time he massaged her ass forward, Claire's ass cheeks moved apart, exposing her wet open cunt lips and Jonny pushed the tip of his cock into her tight puckered hole. Claire moaned and begged for more of his delicious cock in her ass.
Completely horny, I slowly walked over to Aunt Jackie, silently placing my hands on her ass, bent over and started to suck on her gloriously big nipples. I ran my fingertips over her ass cheeks, covering her skin in goose bumps and lightly stuck my finger in her ass opening. Jackie then untied my thong and let it fall to the ground.
She whimpered and moaned as our throbbing cocks bumped and rubbed together. The sexual tension that existed for years between the four of us had now broken and now our sexual openness was complete.
I stood back up and we tightly embraced one another with our open lips locked together in a passionate kiss where our hot tongues swirled and explored each other's mouths. Our hands soon groped one another's cocks, running our fingertips along blood engorged veins and caressing each other's smooth, hairless cum filled balls and soft, sensitive circumcised heads.
I told Aunt Jackie to lie down so I could fully examine her beautiful man meat. She laid her gorgeous nude body on her towel with her ass raised up on a pillow I put there so that I could fully explore her big beautiful cock, balls and asshole. Her cock was easily 12 inches long and the thickness of a pop can. The veins were thick and throbbing and as I traced a vein with my fingers up the shaft to the massive head I saw a steady trickle of pre-cum oozing out of the opening. I fondled and sucked her hairless balls that were the size of tennis balls and easily filled my hands. I grabbed her thick oozing cock meat with one hand and lowered my waiting mouth onto it and started to lick and suck the obscenely fat head causing the sweet stream of pre-cum to flow down my throat.
Aunt Jackie told me between moans how happy she was that I accepted her for whom she was. My aunts hadn't realized Jonny and I had sexually experimented with one another for some time. I coated a finger with pre-cum and inserted it into her quivering pink hole and pumped her asshole, occasionally hitting her prostate causing her to shudder and increase the flow of pre-cum into my stomach.
I could hear loud moaning and briefly glanced over to where Jonny and my Aunt Claire were enjoying each other. Jonny had his hands firmly around her tiny waist and was now deeply pumping his fully hard 8 inch cock in and out of my Aunt Claire's tight asshole. Her hands were under her chest, groping her tit flesh and pinching her nipples while pleading with him not to stop.
"Stick that beautiful big cock of yours in my ass now," moaned Aunt Jackie.
I bent down, spread her ass cheeks, lifted up her huge ball sack and stuck my tongue into her delicious bald pink opening, licking it inside and out until her asshole was covered in a generous coating of saliva. I then slowly guided my eager 8 inch cock head into my Aunt's waiting ass. The anticipation was absolutely mind-blowing. My Aunt gently gasped as the head made entry. I pumped the head a few times in and out of her love hole and then slowly plunged my cock all the way in up her ass. Aunt Jackie rolled her eyes back while moaning and squirming with absolute delight. I then grabbed her huge cock and began to pump my cock in her ass while pumping her slippery man meat. Each time my cock head passed over her prostate, Aunt Jackie's body quivered and more pre-cum flowed from head. Soon, a slow river of sticky ooze flowed from her gaping cock slit which I occasionally lapped up. My hands were now pumping up and down Aunt Jackie's glorious shaft which was now completely glazed in a thick layer of slippery pre-cum. Each stroke caused more liquid to gush from her meat slit and we were now both coated in sweat and pre-cum.
Letting go of her drooling cock, which made a loud, wet slap as it landed on her taught stomach, I now grabbed her narrow waist and increased the rate and depth of my ass pumping. Her unrestrained cock was now flopping about, spewing drops of pre-cum everywhere. My ass fucking quickened and the build-up of cum in my balls was starting to reach the boiling point. I told Aunt Jackie I was on the verge of a massive orgasm and I could tell by her convulsions that she too was ready to explode. I pulled her hips toward me and thrust my cock as far in her asshole as I could penetrate. I began groaning and erupted what felt like a gallon of cum deep into her ass while wave after wave of electric shocks burst through my cock, balls and rippled up my back and into my brain.
My Aunt Jackie's sopping body shook heavily into an intense orgasm and thick ropes of sweet, sticky cum spewed from her pulsating cock head. Unbelievable amounts of cum flew out of her twitching cock, soaking her face, hair and tits and some hitting my face. It tasted absolutely delicious and so I quickly pulled my spent cock from her juicy ass and spun into a 69 position so that we could both lick and slurp up cum still within our cocks and covering our bodies. I greedily sucked on my Aunt's spasming cock head to devour the remaining spurts of love juice still erupting from her slit and couldn't believe how good it tasted. Aunt Jackie was an expert at sucking cock. She grabbed my ass cheeks with her tiny hands and wrapped her full lips around my meat and hungrily licked and sucked until my cock and balls were fully drained.
I looked over and saw my Aunt Claire was now on her knees, rubbing and pinching her big juicy clit and Jonny was furiously pumping her tiny asshole. Aunt Claire could barely speak as she was so deeply wrapped in pure ecstasy. After a few minutes, Jonny grabbed her hips, pushed his cock as far as he could into her ass and arched his head back, emptying his cum laden balls deep into her bowels and I knew he was having an orgasm just as intense as I had.
"That was just unbelievable, Jonny cakes," panted Aunt Claire. Soon she and Jonny were also loudly slurping and sucking as they ate each other in an intense 69.
"You are an amazing lover, Bobbie," Aunt Jackie hoarsely whispered to me as we lay in each other's arms on the sex drenched towel. "I think this is just the beginning of a special summer for all four of us." I gave her a long wet open-mouthed kiss and gently squeezed and pinched her big nipples.
"I definitely think you're right," I whispered.
"I wish that this summer would never end, Aunt Claire, don't you agree Jonny?" I said as Jonny and Aunt Claire, both drenched in sweat, syrup and sex slowly made their way over to us.
"Aunt Jackie, I have got to taste that lovely big cock of yours." Jonny remarked when he got a closer eyeful of her generous proportions.
"And I would absolutely love to slurp on that big meaty looking clit nestled in between that plump mound, Aunt Claire." I added as I gazed upon her beautiful, exposed pussy now inches from my face.
"Well boys," Aunt Claire responded. "I'm sure by tomorrow Jackie and I will be well rested enough to take you to a local spa we know about for a very special massage treatment."
Right now," added Aunt Jackie, "I think we could all really do with a shower and a snack."
We all laughed and walked backed into the house.
Jonny and I just looked at each other and I saw that famous grin of his again.