The kids are finally grown, they are out of the house, Anne is depressed and bored.
When the couple married many years ago, they decided when their children came along, Anne would stay home to take care of their offspring. She quit her job in the banking industry, just before she gave birth to her first child, when the children were old enough to attend school, she took a job as a teaching assistant in the classroom. It didn't pay much, but it gave her some money to spend, and she could be home with the kids, when they were on vacation or sick. Her husband Steve worked long hours, to make the money they needed to survive. Now at the age of fifty-five, she sat home and felt useless, with no skills needed in the job market these days, most of her friends still work, and being an older woman, her job prospects, are limited.
Anne told her husband when he arrived home from work. "I want to get a job to feel I am contributing to our future financial security. I looked at the want ads in the paper and found nothing that paid more than minimum wage."
"Look on Craigslist, see if anything interests you in the help-wanted section." Steve said as he noted his wife's depression as they eat dinner.
The next day Tuesday, Anne called a few more retail outlets that advertised for help in the want ads. All the calls went something like this. "Hi, my name is Anne Grant and I am looking for a part time job." Anne said when someone came on the line.
When the store managers came to the phone, they asked. "Would you be willing to work nights and weekends?"
"No, that is the time my husband and I spend together, and we travel most weekends." Anne said.
Thus, the conversation with the store managers ended with most saying. "We will call you if we have an opening."
After exhausting all job leads in the paper, she went to craigslist, and started looking through the first section she came to and stopped on the 'Artist heading', she found an ad stating "Female model over Fifty-five needed for a men's photography group" giving a phone number and an address downtown, but she wanted to consult with her husband before she answered the ad.
Excited by the ad she found. She told her husband when he arrived home from work that evening. "I found an ad for a mature female model in the artists section of craigslist. What do you think, should I apply?" Showing him the ad, she printed up from the website.
Snickering Steve said. "Call and find out what it entails." Knowing most postings in the Artist section, are looking for nude models, but he didn't say anything to her about that, as he anticipated she wouldn't call, if she knew it was for a figure study model.
Wednesday morning remembering her husband's response and thinking, she would not get the job anyway. Anne was nevertheless intrigued to see what type of model they are looking for, so calling the number, with a young man answering the phone and saying. "Hi, my name is Mark, how may I help you?"
"Mark, I am calling about the modeling job?" Anne squeaking almost in a whisper.
"Great, but I need some information from you, to see if you are someone we can use, if you don't mind?" Mark asked, he did not want to waste his time, if she is not someone they could use.
"No, that would be fine."
"Can you give me your, first name, hair color, height, and measurements to start with?"
"Oh boy here is where I lose the job, before I have an interview." Anne thought and then she said. "I am fifty-five years old; my name is Anne; I have brown hair that is greying. I am five foot six inches tall. My measurements are, Thirty-four, twenty-four, thirty-six. I have green eyes." She stated, embarrassed that she gave so much personal information to someone named Mark over the phone. Someone she does not know.
To her surprise, he said. We would like to meet you." He gave her directions to the studio and an appointment for the next afternoon at One PM while he thought. "The voice is familiar, but I can't place it."
Anne didn't say anything to her husband that night, afraid he would dissuade her from going to the interview, as she is curious as to why they would want a middle-aged woman to model. She wanted to show her husband she could find a job that paid more than minimum wage. Anne anticipated, if she could find the courage to model for the group, it would pay more, but in reality, she didn't think she had 'a snowballs chance in hell' to secure the job.
Thursday, after Steve left for work, Anne took a shower, without giving any thought to her personal grooming, other than her legs and underarms. Anne spent the rest of the morning going through her wardrobe, finally settling on the red dress she saves for special occasions, it fits her body type perfectly, and comes to her knee; white shoes with a three-inch heel, matching red bra and pantie set, with tan pantie hose, to give some color to her legs. Anne applies makeup to highlight her facial features, which she rarely does, or needs. She arrives at the studio a full half hour before her appointment, to meet her interviewer, and see if she will truly be able to go through with the audition, given her reserve nature.
The man she conversed with on the phone Mark, to her surprise when he opened the door for Anne, lived in the neighborhood when he was in school, and went to school with her sons. She recognized him immediately and felt her stressful anticipation of this meeting leave her. He was a friend of her oldest son and when younger was at their house all the time. Now he is a photographer and owns the studio.
Mark thought he recognized Anne's voice over the phone, and pleasantly surprised that she answered the ad, as the woman he knew when he was younger, was very conservative in dress and actions. They talked about the good times had at Anne's home, until it was time for the audition, their conversation calmed Anne's fear of the audition and she was more at ease with her surroundings.
Mark told her. "You are one of the most attractive mothers in the neighborhood where I grew up."
Anne relished all the compliments she received, it has been a long time since she has been complimented about her beauty from men, specifically ones that are young enough to be her sons and was extremely comfortable with Mark. Although she became nervous, when his partner Craig, who is the computer geek and money man for the operation, came into the reception area, and she felt, when he looked at her, he undressed her with his eyes.
He announced. "I am here to view your audition also. My name is Craig, nice to meet you Mrs. Grant." As he was in his office, when the woman came in, and he heard Mark address her.
Mark had Anne follow them to a studio, there are chairs, couches, and tables scattered around the studio. The most discomforting item in the room was a large four-poster bed set, in one corner. Camera equipment stood everywhere in the studio. Mark had her sit on a high stool in front of a blue screen background, and pose facing them. She had to put her heels on the rungs and spread her knees for balance. Craig looked at her and then went to say something to Mark, even before Mark started to photograph her. They discussed something in hushed tones and then Mark turned to Anne.
"Are you willing to remove your panty hose, as the garment will distract from the composition of the photos?" Mark gushed, not because it was true, but because they wanted to have her remove some of her garments at a time, so she will become comfortable in front of them with less clothes on.
"No, I don't mind at all." She reached under her dress, pulled it up in front of the two men, exposed her panties and took off the hoes. It gave her a thrill, to do this in front of her son's friend and a stranger, when she noted their expression while they watched her. This excited Anne. After the compliments she received from Mark today and the comments her husband has made to her about her conservative nature yesterday, it did not embarrass her one bit to do this normally private act of undressing publicly.
She mounted the stool again, now when she spread her legs and faced them the photographer and computer geek could see her red panties. Mark started to take photos, as he stated. "Much better Anne the pantyhose distracted from your lovely legs." He concentrated on taking photos of her legs and crotch of her panties, after a few head shots and ones from her waist up.
After fifteen minutes, Mark stopped and said. "Let's see how these photos came out. Come over to the computer screen Anne, so you can see how lovely you look."
Craig uploaded the photos onto the screen. To her surprise, the first few photos were very good, but she became embarrassed with the photos that concentrated on her legs, she could see the gusset of her pantie become increasingly moist, with each consecutive photo that was taken.
"What do you think of your photos so far?" Craig asked the lovely woman in front of him with the slightly red hue to her complexion.
"The first few shots you took are great, but I am very exposed with the photos of my legs. I don't think they are appropriate as you can see my panties." Anne said to Mark.
"Anne you look beautiful in the photos, you are covered as much as you would be if you had a bathing suit on." Mark countered her last remark.
"I guess you're right." Anne agreed.
Causing both men to smile.
Craig started to discuss the next poses with Mark in hushed tones.
Anne heard Mark say. "I don't think Anne would want to do that considering her remarks about the first set of photos."
Craig said. "But the group expects to have a model that will pose for figure studies?"
Anne Interrupted the men's discussion, to ask. "What do you think I wouldn't do?" Not hearing the type of modeling required during the men's conversation.
Mark looked at Anne and said. "You look good in the photos, but we are looking for a woman that would be more liberated." The young man said, blushing at his last comment, as he couldn't outright tell his friends Mom that they needed a nude model.
She asked. "What do you mean by that?"
"Well!!" Craig continued cautiously. "We are looking for women that would be willing to pose for figure studies."
"What are figure studies?" Anne asked naïvely.
Embarrassed that he would have to explain to his friends' mother the type of photos they want her to pose for, Mark started to explain. "We are looking for a woman..."
Craig cut him off saying. "We are looking for a mature woman, that is liberated enough to remove her clothes and pose in her underwear for our photography group. We pay one hundred dollars an hour for the right model." He said in one breath to get it out before Mark could intercede and to have her remove more of her clothes.
Anne shocked with the realization, if she wants to find a well-paying job with her skillsets, she will have to remove her clothes, which in a perverse way excited her. She thought for a few minutes of what her husband would say. She thought of his expression when she showed him 'the ad' yesterday, he had the look on his face that said. 'you won't get the job'. Anne thought of the hundred dollars an hour, and again her husband's smirk, when she showed him the ad, this gave her the resolve to continue. She removed her dress, she stood before the two men in her bra, and panties. Anne undressed as if she was in a race. She did this to finish before she changed her mind.
The woman looked embarrassed, as she stood in front of her son's friend, and a young man she just met in her underwear. With a very red face, Anne felt excited, but humiliated at the same time. She crossed her arm over her breast and put a hand over her pubic area, as a way to preserve her modesty a while longer and to hide the fact that she has a wet spot on the gusset of her panties from the erotic excitement she felt as Mark photographed her and she stripped in the front of the two men.
To her surprise, the embarrassment did not last long; only a few minutes, the young men are professionals on ways to direct a half-dressed woman to expose her body and to make her comfortable in her exposure. The two men told Anne she looks exceptionally beautiful in her red undergarments and it is a shame that she has not posed before this.
They had her sit on the stool again and took a few photos of her in her pantie and bra set and then Craig and Mark had a hushed conversation again with Mark saying again. "I don't think she will do that." While they loaded the photos onto the computer.
"Can I see the photos?" Anne asked.
"Of course, you look beautiful." Craig stated as all three looked at the photos.
Anne went to the computer monitor unmindful of her state of undress, surprised how good she looks in the photos, and embarrassed how exposed she is, but excited also.
"Anne the photos are great of you, but in order to command a large modeling fee and so we can use you as a model, you will have to model nude, but it is up to you. We can stop now or continue, but we are looking for a woman courageous enough to model nude for the group." Craig said.
Fearing she will lose her chance to model, with great internal turmoil, she removed the remainder of her garments, put an arm across her breast and a hand covering her womanhood.
"Could you put your arms at your sides and stand up straight please Anne, so we can evaluate your posture and figure." Mark asked wanting the mother of his friend, to expose, her womanly charms to both men's eyes completely.
Anne put her arms at her sides and turned when they asked her. The embarrassment felt turned to excitement in a short time, with the help of the compliments directed at her by the two young men. Now she became embarrassed for a different reason. To her astonishment, it turned her on to be nude in front of the two men, and her excitement threatened to run down the inside of her legs.
They complimented her on her mature beauty. The men had her sit on the couch, she kept her knees together modestly and hands covered her pubic area. To begin with, her poses were stiff, and she had an embarrassed, scared look on her face. Anne covered her nudity with her arms and hands when a there was a lull in the action.
Mark said, "You look beautiful Anne, but your poses look awkward and it shows in the photos. Come over here and look at the photos and you can see what I am talking about"
Anne arose for the couch and walked over to the computer while she remained nude and looked at the photos she noted. "I see what you're talking about. I do look embarrassed and the poses are stiff."
Both men noted that the first hurdle is crossed, Anne didn't ask for a robe when she went to the computer, she has become comfortable naked in the presence of the men.
"You are beautiful." Mark reiterated then continued. "You need to relax, and the photos will come out better."
"Thank you; I haven't been complimented like this in a long time, but it is embarrassing to be nude. I am trying to be more accommodating." She blushed eating up the accolades and explaining her reluctance to pose more fluidly.
"You are standing in front of us naked now and are comfortable with your exposure." Mark observed.
"You're right Mark I am standing here nude! Both of you have made me so comfortable that now I think this is normal." Anne admitted in surprise.
Craig realized they have found the key to having her pose, as they want her to, he says. "You are the best looking mature woman auditioning to date, but you have to concentrate more on the poses, so they look professional on camera" He was fibbing in one respect, as the only other woman that auditioned, didn't want to model nude, but Anne was more attractive than the latter. They also needed her to make love to the camera to become the erotic model they needed.
Craig, gradually coached Anne into more erotic poses, while Mark concentrated on the composition of the photos, Anne loosened up her poses, she became more fluid, when she went from one pose to another, but too shy to expose her womanhood to the camera, taken care to hide her vaginal area from the camera.
It didn't take long though; Craig had her lean back on the couch as he commented. "Mark look at her breast, they look beautiful the way they lay on her chest, when she is in the semi-reclining position, but Anne you still look like you're uncomfortable."
Mark said. "Craig is right." As he stopped shooting, he continued. "Anne, you look so uncomfortable in the poses. What will make you feel more comfortable, could you move around to find a more comfortable position, as when you are uncomfortable, it shows in the photos?" This was total BS.
Mark wanted her to spread her legs but wanted her to make the decision to expose her womanhood to the camera, not be told by them to spread her legs. The young men wanted Anne to buy into her total exposure and they wanted her to think it was her idea.
Anne moved around asking. "How is this?" Spreading her legs, a little, but still she wasn't exposed enough for Mark.
"Are you comfortable in that position?" Craig asked, knowing she isn't, as he looked through the viewfinder at Mark's request, he could see her fidget.
"When you are home, what is your most comfortable position, when you sit for a while?" Mark asked.
"I like to sit like this, but I usually have shorts or pants on." She said as she put one leg on the couch, and the other on the floor, spreading her womanhood open to the view of the two men, for the first time. Continuing she said. "Now I feel that I am showing you everything I have, and I don't want to model this way, for your group."
"Well it is up to you; we don't want you to do anything that will embarrass you. Let's take a few photos, as you are and see how they look." Said Craig as Mark started shooting.
After they took a set of photos, with the Anne in exposed positions, Craig loaded the photos onto the computer; both the men complimented Anne on her beauty, as they looked through the photos.
Mark, who analyzed the photos stated. "Look at the first photos we took of you, see how stiff you looked, and it showed in the photos. When you put your leg up you look more comfortable and it shows in the photos.
Anne looked at the photos, couldn't see the difference in the photos, but rationalized "If Mark likes my photos with my legs spread, he is the professional. Maybe I should model for the group at least once. The money would help also, but I am so exposed you can see everything in the last batch of photos." She thought and then said. "I see what you mean about being comfortable when you model there is a difference." Anne acknowledged even though she didn't see a difference, and then after some thought she said. "I will model for the group at least once, but I am so exposed it is embarrassing."
"If you want to model for the group, they want to take photos of you completely exposed. We will not force you to model if you like you can get dressed now and leave." Craig said to let her know if she wants to model she will be sitting with her legs spread and much more before the session is over.
This shocked Anne when Craig said she can leave, if she did not want to model as they asked, so backpaddling she commented. "As long as they do not embarrass me with lewd comments about my body, I will be willing to model for one session to see how it goes." Anne said.
"We promise you, no one will make fun of your body, as you have beautiful features, but you will have to take direction from the group without argument about the poses. Now I think we should continue the session, so you will become more comfortable in front of the camera, as you need more practice with the poses we require of our models." Said Craig, as he wants to break down any resistance, she has left about being nude and spread for the group.
With the last comments for Craig Anne came to the realization that her most intimate being will be exposed. With Anne's fears alleviated about her body by the two men, when they asked her to spread her legs, a short time later. She did not hesitate at all and Mark continued shooting photos as Craig looked on. They also noted that her pubic hair around her vaginal orifice was slick with her excitement a sign that she is sexually stimulated by her exposure, to the delight of both men.
After a half hour where they coached her into more erotic positions that showed her intimate being, they had her spread her lower lips to show pink, and insert her fingers into her pussy, they stopped to see how the photos came out.
During the time Mark shot the explicit photos, Anne became concerned that they would comment about her erotic excitement. They did not acknowledge the fact that they noticed, and it made Anne feel better about the session at this time.
Craig being the computer nerd said. "We are going to download the next batch of photos to the computer to see how they came out. Anne would you like to look at them with us to give your opinion on them also?"
Anne said. "Yes, I would love to see the photos." Anne was so comfortable being nude in front of the men by now, she did not think to dress. she remained nude. Anne was surprised how exposed she was to the lens. She was glad that her abundant pubic hair afforded her some modesty, when she had her legs splayed; her vaginal lips partially hidden in the growth, but she could see the moisture in her pubic hair betraying her excitement. Until she saw the photos where she had her fingers in her quim and when she opened her lower lips to the camera then you could see her excitement ready to escape.
Commenting on the photos, Craig says. "Anne you look great in these photos, there is only one area that we will have to deal with. You need to shave your vaginal area, just leaving the hair on your mound, as your vagina is not totally visible in these photos and that is what the photographers pay for, the model's total exposure." He did not mention the fact that she was sexually excited by the explicit modeling she was doing.
Anne told her interviewers. "I never shave my pubic area, I only trim it enough, so my pubic hair does not show when I wear my one-piece bathing suit. I am afraid that I will cut myself. My husband has been after me for a while to trim my pubic area, but I have refused to this point."
Mark asked. "Do you mind if we help you shave?"
Anne took her time to answer while she thought of the consequences, finally she made a decision, based on the fact that she likes the way the two men look at her nude body, does not want her exposure to end, and blushed as she said, "That would be very helpful to me, and my husband would love my new look." Anne rationalized, she wanted the job, but concerned Steve will be upset with her.
Craig found scissors, shaving cream, a woman's shaver, and some cream to put on her vaginal area to stop razer burn, after the deed was done.
Mark said. "Anne, why don't you lie on the bed, on your back and spread your legs, so we can get started? Craig can do the honors, while I take photos." While he put a towel down, indicating the place, she should lay.
Without much embarrassment, the mature woman took up the position indicated thinking. "This is the first time another guy has touched me in over thirty years, and they are young enough to be my kids." Anne was sexually stimulated, enjoying the thought of the grooming to come, with the realization, that both young men can see her sex and they are so close they could smell her arousal. "Maybe we can send a set of photos to my husband of my grooming?" She said to both men with a giggle.
"We can do that if you want us to." Mark said as he positioned himself between her legs with the camera ready to start shooting the progress.
Craig, starting with the scissors to shorten the hair over her sex, he is brushing his fingers over her clit, causing her to moan. When he finished trimming the pubic hair around her sex opening, Craig readies the shaving cream and shaver to remove all the hair around her labia. He had his fingers in her sex to pull her lady lips tight, while doing this, causing Anne to moan with pleasure. Finishing with her womanhood Craig had her get on her hands and knees. Wanting to make sure she did not have any unwanted hair around her little brown star. Mark photographed the whole process.
Craig coated Anne's shaved labia with a moisture cream. By this time, she needed to orgasm and said so with a moan as she rubbed her clit. "Please, watch me cum." She groaned.
She laid back, spread her legs, and rubbed her excited labia in front of both men, without the least bit of embarrassment. You could hear the squishing of her sex she was so wet. This is the first time she ever did anything like this in front of an audience or her husband for that matter, even though he asked her to play with herself in front of him many times. Anne warned them not to tell her sons, just before she screamed with her first of multiple orgasms; she did not notice Mark continue to photograph her, self-love session, she was too involved getting off.
Anne was red with embarrassment; she apologized for her wanton display, in front of the men. They smiled and said they enjoyed it almost as much as she did. They all laughed, and they hired her for a session the following Monday for One Hundred Dollars an hour. They also paid her for the audition at the hundred-dollar rate giving her three one hundred-dollar bills for her time.
"Anne, do you want to see the photos we took before you leave?" Craig asked.
"Sure, maybe I will find some photos I can email my husband; he always tells me I am too conservative in dress and behavior." She said and went to the computer as the photos are uploaded. Anne still nude, enjoys her exposure in the presence of both men, sorry she didn't take her husband's advice and become more liberated sooner.
Anne looked at the photos with Mark and Craig. She picked the photos she wanted sent to her husband of her pubic styling, she had Craig crop them, so her face was not in the photos. You could see from her neck to her knees, her breast and pussy was center of the photos, with the exception of the ones where she was kneeing with her legs spread, as her butt hole and pussy are visible.
"Put the photos I tell you in a folder marked for Steve." Anne said, as she picked the photos she wanted to send to her husband and gave Mark her husband's email address.
Craig did as Anne asked and Mark sent the photos of her grooming to her husband. With that done, she put her undergarments in her purse, and put on only her dress. Going commando for the first time in her life, it was a liberating experience. She gave each of the men a hug thankful the talked her out of her clothes and left for home.
On the way home her cell rang, it was her husband, she has Bluetooth, so she talked with him during her drive.
After a few minutes of small talk, Steve asked. "I received some photos of a woman being shaved from MarkPhotos07."
"What are you telling me Steve, a woman was getting her head shaved?"
"No Anne, she was getting her pussy shaved?" He said to his wife in frustration.
A woman sent you, risqué photos? Who is she?" Anne asked trying not to laugh.
"I don't know the face is cropped; I can only see from her neck to her knees." He said with frustration and embarrassment.
"So, you're telling me you have photos sent to you of a nude woman and you don't know who she is." Anne said with a sneer to try to cover up her delight that her husband does not recognize the body of the woman he has been sleeping with for over thirty years.
They arrived home at the same time still talking Anne said. "I will see you in the house honey, to see if we can straighten out this mystery of the naked woman." She stayed in the car for over ten minutes, to compose herself enough to keep this game going for a while longer.
Steve was sitting at the breakfast bar with a drink and looking at the photos, trying to find any distinguishing marks on the woman's body, to identify the mystery woman, Anne entering after composing herself to confront her husband.
She walked over and looked over her husband's shoulder and said. "You sure you don't know this woman and she sent you photos of her pussy? Could this woman be someone you flirted with?"
He looks at his wife and notices she is in a very happy mood, something he hasn't seen in a long time, he says. "Anne you're in a great mood, you go out with your friends for drinks?"
"No silly, you know I don't drink and drive. Let's get back to the photos, to solve the mystery of the naked woman being groomed." She said while going through the photos. "Do you see anything that looks familiar about the woman?" Anne continued, as she stopped at the photo of her holding her pussy open for the camera with her diamond and wedding ring visible in the photo.
"Anne, the woman has a wedding and diamond ring like yours. When I bought that I had it made special for you."
"Wow, she does isn't that a coincidence." Anne said as she sat in front of him on the bar stool and pulled her dress up to her waist and she spread her pussy open, mimicking the photo her husband is looking at.
"Anne you're sitting like the woman in the photo." Steve said as he looked from the photo to her naked pussy. Suddenly, the light went on. "Holy shit, that is you naked in the photos, I have been trying to get you to do things like this for years, you go behind my back, let someone photograph you, and put their fingers in your pussy. I don't even get to watch this." Steve was incredibly angry with Anne presently, not because she did it, but because she didn't give him the opportunity to watch.
Anne taken aback by his anger; she became angry also saying. "I told you about the ad on craigslist, and you told me to check it out, as you giggled. I did yesterday, I auditioned today, and they like me. This is the money I made for three hours and I didn't fuck anyone to get it." She threw the three one hundred-dollar bills at her husband and crossed her arms in front of her. You could see steam coming out of her ears she was so mad.
"Most of the ads in the artist section are looking for models for figure studies. THAT MEANS NUDE MODELS." He hollered at her as she left the room.
"So, you knew, before I even went to the audition, that it would be for a nude model and you didn't warn me, now you're mad at me. FUCK YOU, YOU BASTERD." She said as she ran up the stairs crying, upset that she found something she enjoyed, she thought her husband would be happy that she modeled nude, but her husband is angry with her.
"Boy did I screw up, not telling Anne about what the modeling ad would entail, and she caught me." Steve thought as he made dinner for the two of them. It took him about an hour to cook up some steaks, with potatoes and a vegetable. "I hope Anne will forgive me?" He thought he hoped she had enough time to cool down.
Steve went to their bedroom to find his wife still sobbing. Rubbing her back, he says. "I am not mad at you, but at me for not telling you about the models the artists are looking for, as I really didn't think you would go through with it when you found out what it entailed."
"I found something that I can do. I was happy, wanted to share with you my experience today and you became angry with me." She sobbed.
"I told you I am not mad at you, but at me, for not telling you what the photographers may require. I have wanted you to do something like this for many years but was afraid to ask you."
"Why didn't you say something to me about your fantasies?"
"If I told you I wanted to see you naked in front of other people what would you have said?"
"Before today, I would have said you're crazy. No young men in their right mind would want to see an old woman nude."
"Exactly, I could hear the last two phrases in my mind, as I thought about telling you I wanted to see you nude in front of other people."
"I guess you're right, I have been a prude all these years and have missed out on a lot of fun." Anne lamented."
"Let's go and eat, while you tell me all about your adventure today, even though I didn't get a chance to see you." Steve said as he reached for his wife's hand to help her up. Excited that she said she had fun today.
Inspired by her husband's last comment she said as she stood up. "I know what I can do." To her husband's surprise she pulled the dress over her head, standing in front of her husband completely nude she continued. "This is the way I was most of the day in front of the two men. One happens to be Mark Simon, who is one of our son's friends and lived down the street until he went off to college."
"You mean to tell me you were nude in front of one of our son's friends that grew up in the neighborhood? Also, you come home with only the dress on no undergarment?" Steve said astonished at his wife's change in character over the last day.
"Yes Steve, if it wasn't for Mark making me comfortable, I probably wouldn't have showed them everything. Do you know Mark told me I was voted the hottest mom in the neighborhood, to our two sons' embarrassment? I did go commando today and it was liberating to say the least. I have to do this more often if you allow me to."
"Allow you to! I will most definitely require you to go commando more often." Said Steve and then continued. "How did they get you out of your clothes? I have been trying to find a way to do that for years. I am so proud of the way you look and want to share your naked beauty with the world."
"Yah right Steve, you couldn't even recognize my pussy, when you received the pictures." Anne laughed and then continued. "I was so comfortable with Mark and Craig they didn't push me. It was my decision to audition nude. They kept complimenting me and telling me how lovely I looked."
"Wow, two young men the age of our sons did something I couldn't do, talk you out of your pants in front of other people."
"Yes, they did, and I enjoyed the whole experience, once I got over the embarrassment."
"What do you mean you enjoyed the experience?"
"I was the center of attention, and they worshiped my body with the camera lens. I didn't like the looks of my body when I saw my photos, but they showed me I was wrong and how beautiful I am."
"Wow, they articulated in one afternoon something that I couldn't do in over thirty years of being with you." He mused and then continued. "And how did the pubic grooming come about.
"I am starved I will tell you after dinner." Anne said to Steve's frustration.
They went to the kitchen and Anne started to serve the food.
Steve stopped her saying. "You sit down on the bar stool and look pretty I will serve my queen tonight."
She sat on the barstool, hooked her feet in the rung, and swung her knees wide in Steve's direction. "How is this pose my dear?"
"You look good enough to eat."
"Wow, music to my ears, I haven't had an offer like that in a long time. I just might take you up on it tonight after dinner. That can be your desert." Anne said rubbing her pussy lips together for the first time ever, in front of her husband.
They rushed through their dinner, cleaned up and went into their living room. It was getting dark, but neither, Steve nor Anne thought to close the curtains to the picture window. It looks out onto the moderately busy street, being only fifty feet from their house and somewhat above; anyone who drives by could see what the couple did, as the couch they sat on faced the road.
As you remember Anne is nude, she sits down on the couch and puts one leg onto her husband's thigh, the other on the floor, thus exposed her sex to her husband, and askes. "What do you want to know about my day?"
"Did you like to model, and would you want to do it again?" Steve asks as he starts to rub her pussy lips together.
"Yes, I did, and they want me to model on Monday again, with your approval." Anne moans as the pleasure Steve is giving her with his sexual rubbing is wonderful.
"Wow, they offered you a job for Monday. Do they want you to do explicit poses?" Steve asked, getting excited.
With her foot on his crotch she knows he is getting excited she says. "Yes, at one hundred dollars an hour and for that amount of money I will have to expose everything to the group of photographers."
"Okay, I am good with that." Steve continued. "Why did you shave? I have asked you many times to do that and you wouldn't for me?" Her husband asks as he puts two fingers in her moist folds.
"The photographers pay that kind of money to women that are totally exposed, so around my womanhood they needed to shave me for total exposure. When they told me, they would be willing to groom me I let them, because I didn't want the day to end."
"The photos of you didn't register, as I didn't think you would model nude in a million years let alone, let someone groom you." Steve says as he continued to finger fuck his wife, Steve found her sex very wet with her arousal, and when he pushed three fingers into her manhole, the room quickly filled with the scent of an excited woman.
"Oh, Steve that feels so good, don't stop." Anne says as she pushes her honeypot to meet the strokes of his fingers.
"Did you comply with the photographers immediately or were you embarrassed, and they had to convince you?" He groaned, as his wife rubbed his member with her feet and as he was played with her pussy.
"By the time the photographers told me I needed to be groomed. I was nude in front of them for a few hours, so I did not hesitate at all, when told to lie on the bed and spread my legs." Anne moaned as Steve sped up his assault on her flower of life, brought her over the edge, she screamed and bucked her hips to try to get more of Steve's hand in her pussy.
They rested for a while in each other's arms, until Anne regained her strength from her marvelous orgasm.
"Now it is your turn." Anne said as she got on her knees in front of her husband, pulled down his shorts to get to his stiff organ.
Steve was pleasantly surprised when Anne took the head of his cock in her mouth and made love to his member, as she never did before, without a lot of pressure to give him oral. Steve was in heaven; Anne was opposed to giving him head before today, and now she spontaneously gave her husband a hummer. Steve didn't last long with the verbal and visual stimulus he burst his nut in a few minutes, he filled his wife's mouth with his molten seed. On her part she swallowed every drop sperm, he offered for the first time and enjoyed it. She realized she liked the taste of cum.
The couple Laid together arm in arm in their, after orgasmic bliss, enjoying the comfort of being in each other's arms. Anne opened her eyes, to see cars slow down in front of their house, to watch the couple in their intimate play. jumping up and going to the picture window to shut the shades to the disappointment of carload of voyeurs, who are watching their sex play, on their way by.
By the time they finished play time, it was bedtime. Steve kicked off his shorts, the couple walked to their bedroom arm in arm. Anne nude and Steve bottomless, they fell into bed and spooned.
Friday morning Anne awakened to the smell of coffee as it brewed. She arose took a shower and went to the kitchen nude.
"I like your outfit; I see you just washed it. I want to see you like that more often." Steve said as he poured coffee for his wife while he asked. "What would you like for breakfast?"
"How about two eggs over easy with toast?" His naked wife said as she turned to him, spread her legs, and rubbed her gash which caused her to moan.
"Wow, one day with two young men and cameras has brought out the woman of my dreams." Steve said as he cooked for is wife. He looked over at her as she strummed her clit; this caused a tent his shorts.
She looked at her husband with smoky eyes, Anne asked. "Is that a rocket in your shorts or do you love me?"
"I love you." He said as he brought breakfast to her and gave her a tender kiss on her lips.
She grabbed his tool though the cloth and stroked him a few times, this caused him to stiffen more. "Stop that Anne or I will be late for work I need to get going." Steve said as he followed his pecker to the bedroom.
Steve came to the kitchen dressed for work and Anne was still nude. "What are you going to do today?"
"It is a nice day. I think I am going to get some sun. It will make me look better, if I tan the areas that haven't seen the sun before, so the photos of me will look better."
"Okay, have fun." Steve said and he gave her a kiss.
She walked him to the door while nude and stood in the doorway until he left, without any concern that someone may see her. Steve enjoyed the sight of his naked wife as she waved good-by to him from the front door totally exposed to anyone who happens by.
Anne cleaned up the kitchen and the house; she made the bed and dusted. Around eleven thirty she picked up her sunscreen and went out by the pool. Their back yard was semiprivate the only one that could see their pool was Louie Garzone a seventy-year-old man that has a garden near their fence. Lou always smiles and looks at Anne when she is out by the pool, with a sad look on his face, as his wife just passed. He is harmless and she wants to give the old gent a show today. He always gives Anne vegetables from the garden.
Anne applied her sunscreen and waited, but Louie never went to his garden and by four PM a frustrated Anne, still nude went into the house to start dinner for her husband. Five PM Steve walked into the house to the sound of Anne as she hummed while she cooked.
"My, My, My! My lovely wife has the outfit that I love the most on today." As he walked up behind her, reached around, and made a hand bra, while he rubbed his package against her behind.
"Go get comfortable and dinner will be ready in a few minutes."
About fifteen minutes later Steve entered the kitchen. "Let me take over sweetie why don't you go sit down." He said with a smile on his face.
"Where do you want me to sit on the high-top stool like this?" Anne said as she mounted the stool, hooked her feet into the step and spread her legs."
"You amaze me Anne two days ago you wouldn't leave our room unless you were dressed now your outfit is your birthday suit, which I love by the way."
She had a pout on her face. "I was outside by the pool nude all afternoon to get a tan for my photo debut and Louie was nowhere to be seen."
"It is his loss my dear." Steve said, astonished that his wife wants other people to see her nude.
The couple cleaned up the dinner dishes and went into the living room to watch TV. The new Anne who remained completely nude, put her feet on her husband's lap and leaned against the corner of the piece of furniture. They conversed as they hadn't done in a long time, while Steve played with his wife's moist pussy.
When he noticed the curtains were open Steve asked. "Do you want more privacy?"
"No, it is exciting me to see the cars slow when they come by to look into our window at me."
"Wow, what did you do to my shy modest wife?"
"She left when I took my clothes off to have my pictures taken." Anne giggled, as she dropped one leg to the floor to give her husband better access to her overheated manhole.
The room is filling with the scent of Anne's pheromones. This caused Steve to get a hard-on, Anne felt her husband's erect member and used one foot to rub the length of it on the underside.
"OH, Steve that feels so good!" Anne said, Cumming on her husband's fingers as he strummed her clit.
Steve let her rest, but he kept his fingers in her pussy because he loves the feeling of her sex.
After coming down from her orgasm high, Anne captured her husband's cock between her feet. "Do you want a sheath for that weapon?" She asked as she rubbed his tool.
"Yes, I do. You have any suggestions my dear?" He asked as he removed his shorts, and his pecker led him to her overheated opened box. He got between her legs and Anne helped him aim his spear. Steve pushed into his wife balls deep and she let out a contented moan as he started his slow sawing motion, he picked up speed as both became more needy.
"Faster I am almost there, pound me hard!" Anne demanded "I'm Cumming." She screamed in orgasmic pleasure.
This show of affection is all taking place in the living room with the shades open and it is twilight out, so everything happening in the room can be seen from the road by passing vehicles.
Steve rolled over onto his back while still connected to his wife's pleasure palace and she laid on his chest until his tool fell out of her manhole, the act started to seep out of her pussy and onto his balls. The room has the wonderful scent of consummated lust.
Being after eleven they walked to their bedroom arm in arm and took a shower together, something they haven't done in a long time.
"It is a lot easier if someone else washes your back." Anne said as her husband washed her from her pussy to her neck, and she did his back in return plus paying a lot of attention to his cock and balls also, but she couldn't get a rise out of him because he was worn out for the night.
Sated they went to bed nude and happy, falling asleep spooning with Steve's arms holding his wife and she, feeling secure in his embrace.
Saturday again Anne awoke to the smell of coffee brewing, thinking. "I could get used to this treatment." It was a warm day, so she entered the kitchen nude to her husband's approval.
"I see you have the outfit that you look the best in again today, are you going to change or keep it on all day?"
"I am going out to work on my tan today, so this is my outfit for the day." Anne is saying as she goes to one of the high stools, she sits and spreads her legs in front of her husband who is cooking breakfast. This action causing a swelling at his midsection, to Anne's delight. "I haven't been able to get his attention in this way in a long time and l like it." Thinking with a smile on her face, while rubbing her pussy lips in front of her husband.
"Wow it looks like you're ready for action my dear. Hopefully, you can wait until after breakfast to satisfy your longings or are you going to take care of it yourself?" Steve askes as he is dishing out the meal.
"I will eat first then while you are cleaning up, I will put on an after-breakfast show for you." Anne says as she offers her moist fingers, she was using to pleasure her womanhood to her husband, while continuing. "A little desert before breakfast."
Licking his wife's fingers and saying. "You make a marvelous desert my dear." Smacking his lips.
The couple hurried through breakfast; Anne brought herself off in front of her husband as he was trying to clean up the breakfast dishes. Steve took a shower and Anne went out by the pool. Today she hit paydirt Lou is in his garden weeding when she went out to sit in the lounge chair. She made believe she didn't see him and sat with a book reading, she spread her legs rubbing her pussy while reading.
Lou looking in Anne's direction and calling to her. "Beautiful day isn't it." He says walking toward the fence, the sun causing a glare in her direction, so he didn't realize she was nude, he thought she had on a bathing suit that was skin color. When realizing she was nude he said? "Anne you're nude!" He turned away from her embarrassed.
"Don't freak out Lou, I have a new job and need to tan for it."
"What are you a figure model?" Lou asked as he peeked around to look at the naked woman.
"Lou, I don't mind you can look." Anne told the older man with a smile on her face but didn't answer the question he asked.
"In that case would you like some garden vegetables?" Lou asked happy he received conformation it was okay to look at his naked neighbor.
"Sure, bring them over, sit down and I will get you a glass of Lemonade." Anne said as she arose and went into the kitchen to retrieve a glass of the cold liquid for her neighbor.
Steve in his swimsuit entering the kitchen asking. "Who it the lemonade for me?"
No silly, it's for Lou, but I will pour you a glass and you can bring this out to our neighbor." Anne said as she poured another glass for Steve.
"You mean to tell me he is sitting out on our deck, and you're going visit with him while you are nude?"
"Steve I am going to show him everything before he leaves this morning." Anne says rubbing her pussy.
"I believe a monster has been created." Steve states with a big smile on his face.
"I have to make up for lost time, I have been very modest for over thirty years and I just found out all the fun I have been missing."
They walked outside together with the drinks, Anne gave Lou one and Steve took the other. Anne sat down, swung her legs onto the lounger in such a way to give their neighbor a brief view of her pussy, and then sat with her legs together, one hand covering her pubic area and the other holding her drink. She began conversing with Lou and covertly rubbing her pussy lips together as they talked, extremely excited to see the expression on the men's faces, as they couldn't keep their eyes above her breasts during the conversation.
Steve looking at his wife's pubic area while stating. "Lou did you know Anne will be modeling for figure studies?"
"I had a sense she was doing some modeling. I asked her but she didn't answer me."
"Lou what do you think does she need to have her vaginal area waxed?" Steve said as he walked up to his wife kneeled to the side of her and had her spread her legs, so Lou could see if in fact she needed to be groomed somewhat.
Lou brought his chair to the opposite side of Anne and brushed his fingers through her womanhood in vicinity of her lady lips, noting that her sex was swollen and moist as he stated. "There is some stubble there it would probably be better to have her lower lips waxed before she models."
His forwardness surprised Anne, but she didn't say anything to her neighbor and neither did Steve, but it turned Steve on to see another man touch his wife in an intimate way.
"That is what I figured also, so I took the liberty of scheduling a waxing session for one o'clock today. Would you like to accompany us to the salon?" Steve asked their neighbor.
"Wait a minute you two, don't I have a say in this it is my pussy after all that will be exposed to the stylist."
"Well you are looking for new experiences, so I thought this could be one of them." Steve stated as he rubbed her clit which brought a moan from his wife. "I though so." He stated when he heard her moan.
"Oh, what the hell, yes, and Lou can come with us, but you have to finish what you started." Anne moaned as she directed her comment to her husband.
Removing his fingers from her pussy after she agreed to go Steve stated. "I think we will wait until you're done with your grooming then we can satisfy you."
They conversed until it was time for the group to get ready to go. Steve being a nice guy retrieved from Anne's closet a dress that buttoned down the front and a pair of sandals for her to wear. She dressed without undergarments as she figured they will have to come off anyway, combed her hair and they were off for the half hour trip to a salon that Steve's friend owns.
"Where are we going?" Asked Anne to make conversation more than anything else.
"We are going to Carl's Cuts Hair Salon. He just opened up you remember Carl Winters?" Steve stated.
"You mean our friends Kathy and George's youngest son who used to follow me around like a puppy when he came over?"
"Yes, one and the same." Steve laughed.
"Oh boy, before I even model most of our friends will see me nude, I guess."
"That is what you wanted isn't it?"
Meanwhile Lou is in the back seat taking in the conversation thinking. "It is going to be very interesting these coming months in our neighborhood."
They arrived at the salon in an upscale part of town, there are ten cars in the lot.
"How come there are so many cars in the lot Steve?"
"I don't know. It is Saturday, so maybe that is the answer." Steve stated as he went around to open the door for his wife, something he rarely does.
Lou gets out and stands by the passenger door also.
"What are both of you looking at? Oh, I know." Anne says with a smile, as she pulls her dress up, thus giving her escorts a beaver shot while she exits the car. "This is fun." She thought.
The group entered the salon to find a group of twenty, some of Steve's friends and some of Carl's friends there.
"Hi Mrs. Grant, you look marvelous as usual, how are you doing today?" Says Carl with a smile.
"I am doing well, just nervous that is all. I need to talk to my husband alone for a minute."
"Sure, go into my office the door on the right." Carl says pointing the way.
Anne walks into the room and shuts the door. "Steve what is this are they all going to watch me being waxed?"
Stuttering as he sprung this on Anne without warning her says. "Well I thought you wanted to be the only woman naked, that is what you told me you like, so I set this up just for you my love."
"Steve cut the shit. You set this up, so you can see me naked in front of a group, because you were pissed off with me for going to the audition and stripping nude without your consent. Admit it Steve."
Turning red Steve said. "That could be some of it, but you said you liked the exposure, so couldn't you do this for the group? Another reason is everyone here has never seen a woman getting a wax in person accept Carl I believe."
After a long pause and giving Steve a look of disgust for good measure, Anne was excited she said. "Okay I will let all here watch, as long as they are willing to pay twenty-five dollars apiece for the experience." She figured she might as well make some money in return for her consent to be watched while she had her intimate area groomed.
"My wife has agreed to let everyone watch her waxing that is willing to pay a twenty-five-dollar donation for the privilege." Steve says to the group. After they emerged from the office.
You could hear wallets being opened, all lined up, they gave their donations to Steve.
There are twenty men who donated but there are twenty-three men there including Carl, Steve, and Lou.
"Steve, and Lou put your donation into the pot please. Carl you're going to be doing my waxing and you're not going to charge me, right."
"No, Jenifer is going to be doing your waxing. I am going to watch, as I have never seen a waxing done either." Carl said.
"Carl you're not going to charge me, I want a twenty-five-dollar donation from you, and I will pay Jenifer for the service."
"You have a deal Mrs. Grant." Carl said as he put his donation in the jar.
"Call me Anne as in a few minutes you will see as much as my gynecologist sees. Jenifer how much does it cost for a wax."
"Between one hundred and one hundred- and fifty-dollars Anne." Jenifer who is under thirty years old, quoted the older woman.
There is Five hundred and seventy-five dollars in the kitty. Anne removed two hundred dollars and gave it to Jenifer saying to the group. "You have to come up with a two-hundred-dollar tip before we get started."
There was no push back they put in over two hundred dollars in the jar.
"Lead the way Jenifer let's get this over with, so I don't waste the whole afternoon here." Anne said as she removed her dress to the delight of the group of men.
The room they entered had an exam couch in it. The room was small, but they had a portable wall that opened to make more room for clients that wanted beauty treatments not associated with waxing. The couch was turned so the foot faced into the room that opened. They had ten chairs and the rest of the guys had to stand in back to watch.
Once everyone was settled Anne mounted the couch laid back with her legs together waiting while Jenifer warmed the wax. She has never had her genitals waxed before, and never had so many men, see her nude.
While the wax was warming Jenifer asked. "Where do you want me to wax?"
Steve stepped forward and said. "Around her womanhood and bottom."
Surprised that her husband answered her question. "Okay Anne I will need to see the area." Jenifer said.
Reluctantly Anne spread her legs a little in front of the group, but it wasn't enough for Jenifer to inspect her intimate area, so she pushed her knees further apart, ran her fingers over her pubic mound and along her slit.
The action of the stylist brought a moan from Anne. "Oh, that feels good." The embarrassed older woman said.
"I'm afraid I can't wax around your womanhood because the hair is too short the only thing I can do is shave you or use the laser on that area, but with the laser the hair may not come back. What would you like me to do?"
"Shave me and only around my womanhood and back side, I don't want the hair on my mound removed." Anne groaned as she spread her legs further apart in front of the group.
Jenifer gathered her shaving equipment, lathered up the area to be shaved and started at the juncture of Anne's legs and shaved toward her opening. The beauty consultant stuck her fingers in Anne's pussy to grab her lady lip and continued shaving her. This brought a moan from the reclining woman. The group was mesmerized by the grooming process, there wasn't a limp dick in the room, as for Anne, her excitement was running down between her legs and Jenifer was wetting her panties with the exhibition.
By the time Jenifer finished the grooming Anne said. "I need to cum, Steve get over here I need some help." Spreading her legs open further, so her husband has access to her overheat manhole in front of the assembled group.
While Anne held open her pussy, Steve strummed her clit while finger fucking her the room was so quite that you could hear the squishing sound of her pussy as her husband finger fucked her. She came in a few minutes with a scream.
The sated woman looked around the room to see all the men had pitched tents in their pants and Jenifer had her hand in her panties. She loved the control she posses over a group when she is naked. She dismounted the table and walked to the group. They thanked her that she allowed the group to observe her while she was intimately groomed.
"You are welcome, maybe I will let you watch again when I can actually have my privates waxed." Anne said as she put on her dress and only buttoned the three middle buttons.
Anne was escorted to the car by the group in the salon. They formed around the passenger side of the car as Steve opened the door for her. She knew what they wanted to see, so Anne sat in the car with one leg in the car, the other on the sidewalk, and talked with the group for a few minutes. She was intimately exposed while Anne conversed with the group. She felt the power she had over the men and liked it.
When the three were in the vehicle they left for home. Anne turned sideways to talk to Lou and put on leg on the seat this exposed her womanhood to her husband. Lou moved so he could see the action that took place at Anne's pleasure palace. Steve in turn started to rub her pussy, as she conversed with both men between moans and groans, until she laid her head back and tried to stifle a cry as she came.
When she came down from her after orgasm high, she giggles as Steve drove into their driveway she stated. "I guess it is a one orgasm trip from the Salon to here.
Sunday Anne spent the whole day nude and by the pool. Lou came over about eleven AM and stayed with the couple for the day. Anne's pussy was on display for the two men to ogle all day. She loved how it made her feel when the two men had their eyes on her. As they took in her naked beauty, she could see their admiration for her in their eyes.
It was about four PM that the phone rang. It was Mark he wanted to verify that Anne did not change her mind and he told her to wear a dress without under garments when she comes to their studio tomorrow.
All Rights Reserved 2020 to 2040