As a writer... I get inspired by different things at different times. I have a limited amount of time to commit to my writing, so it's kind of a whim that takes me here or there. Recently... a single piece of clothing provided the inspiration... simply because it was connected to another story. I've been working on House in Santa Barbara... Part Three... so, when a sweet little dress I purchased in Santa Barbara on a shopping trip in Part Three played an important part in another very fun adventure, it just seemed inevitable that it was a story that had to be told. Ahhh... here you go... those who want lots of graphic sex will be disappointed... those who are actual exhibitionists will enjoy!
Ok... here it is... we drink a lot of wine! It feels good to have that off my chest. And... we love to share lots of wine with friends. We're members of probably 10 different wine clubs in Napa, Sonoma, Mendocino, and Solano counties of California. This means we have regular wine club tastings and shipments with each winery during the year. Well... it's a burden, but someone has to do it! Hahaha!
Several of our favorite wineries are located in the Valley of the Moon region of Sonoma County. They have outstanding micro-climates for different varietals, and their winemakers are sooo talented. We are very fortunate to live in the area, so tasting sessions are easy to plan.
Probably six times a year... Anthony and I organize a wine tasting day in Sonoma County with several other friends. Because we want to taste and enjoy the wines from several wineries, we hire a limo. We don't want to risk the lives of others by driving while partially buzzed. It's lots more fun for everyone to trust the limo driver to get us safely home while enjoying some of the best wine in the world.
Recently... we organized a wine tasting trip in Sonoma County with a total of 7 people. We started with lunch in the little town of Sonoma... great restaurants with great wine lists to start. While preparing for an afternoon of wine tasting... it's best to start with some food in your stomach.
It was a hot day... yes, a California hot day! It's not sticky and humid like the east... it's dry and hot in a way that makes you want to wear very little. And... I did. The inspiration for this story comes from the little filmy dress I purchased on State Street in Santa Barbara.
My little mini dress is plunged in front and back... and has tiny spaghetti tie straps that keep it in place with very holding capacity. The fabric is super thin, so my contours are clearly visible. As in Santa Barbara and other places in Napa Valley... this little dress was an easy choice for our wine tasting tour. I love days when I can have just my shoes and one very sexy layer. Mmmm!
Yes... I'm bad all day long! At our restaurant in Sonoma... I sat on the bench at the back of our table where I could turn my body easily from side to side. This is where my little dress is perfect. I'm a pretty animated talker, so during a conversation I could nonchalantly expose my bare and shaved yoni... sometimes a little and sometimes completely. Our friends know this is part of the fun of the day... and they're used to it.
The wait staff, however, took note immediately. Our table received the most attention of any in the restaurant. There was a steady stream of staff to make sure all of our needs were met. We gave them a generous tip... and they were attentive even as we walked toward the front door. The manager... who was also probably the owner... was there to wish us well as we left... and to express his hope that we'd visit again sometime.
We drove to our primary winery. It's an amazing place. When we entered the massive front doors... our wine concierge met us. Margie has served us for several years and knows our preferences well. We greeted her and noticed there were several people near the entrance. We recognized the tasting room manager, Ted, and saw that he appeared to be conferring with two men and a woman that looked like a photography team. He greeted us briefly, and walked into his office, leaving the photography team in the entry.
We chatted with Margie about our tasting selections, and she then invited us to walk up the grand staircase at the entrance toward our wine tasting room on the second floor.
Okay... I started to climb the grand staircase with two photographers on the lower level. Whoever knows? Are they paying attention? Are they bored? But... they could tell my dress was short, and the stairs gave them a better and better view up my dress as I moved upward. I could feel their eyes on me. So... at about one third of the way up the stairs, I reached back and fluffed my dress to give them a clear view of my bare ass... just a quick nonchalant flash, but a clear opportunity.
Yeah! As soon as my skirt came down to cover my ass... I heard a low voice behind me with a simple "Hmmm."
I took one more step and then stopped, pivoting slightly to the left with my left foot on the lower step and my right one on the next higher step so my shoulder and hip was pointed toward them. I looked over my left shoulder to make eye-contact with each person.
When I had finished moving into this new perspective for them, I paused a few moments to consider what they were seeing. Hmmm. My legs were open... perfect. My short dress then was also open as a tent over my bare yoni... nice. In my peripheral vision, I couldn't be sure whether I was covered or not. I decided to increase the possibility of being slightly exposed to them... I slid my right hand up along the outside of my thigh, pulling my skirt higher on my thigh... by doing so, the tent over my yoni became a little smaller... excellent!
I scanned for eye contact from left to right. First... one of the men with camera in hand... he had the least advantageous perspective, being straight down the stairs. He had a pleasant and relaxed smile, and had no problem keeping eye contact.
To his left and my right... the woman's eyes were scanning the whole scene... as if evaluating. She looked left and right, up and down... then clearly looking at position where my open dress hinted at my open legs at a little higher than eye level. She also had a pleasant and interested look on her face as we finally established eye-contact.
My attention moved to my right again to the second man... he had the best view. And... it was clear that he'd already seen what I'd hoped would be on display for at least one of them. He was looking straight at my bare yoni... visible at least enough under the little tent of my dress. As I watched him watching me... I pulled my dress tent a little tighter, and saw is eyes widen in response. Yes! His response sent an immediate and powerful surge of pleasure through me... and I could feel my yoni dampening.
When I met the second man's eyes, he looked a bit sheepish, and said, "Sorry. I shouldn't have called any attention to an accidental slip."
"Who said it was an accident?" I replied with a slight smile.
The rest of my group were already on the second-floor landing, watching with Margie. I glanced back to see Anthony whispering something to Margie, and then saw her eyes open wider.
After a several second pause, the first man said, "Would you mind if we took a couple of photos of you right there? You're in a perfect pose, and it's a beautiful setting."
I said, "How could I say no to such a gracious offer? Certainly... take a few if you'd like."
As they readied their cameras, the woman asked Margie if she could direct the rest of our group to the left railing on the second floor... otherwise their feet would be in the photos. I watched as Margie and our group took up their positions to watch. Ted returned to the group on the ground floor from my left side, so he could see me standing part of the way up the stairs but couldn't see up my dress. That's when it became obvious that the woman, Barb, was in charge of the team. She walked to her right to meet Ted and chatted with him briefly... then she stood with him to watch her photographers.
The two men snapped away... moving up and down, left and right, to get a variety of perspectives. When they both stood up, it appeared they were finished. Barb looked at them, and they nodded that they were happy with their photos. She looked up at me, and said, "Thank you so much. Those photos are going to make a great addition to our project."
I said, "You're certainly welcome. I don't know about your project here, but I propose your guys might want to take a few more."
Saying that... moving my only my right arm, I reached up to my left shoulder and slowly pulled on the end of the simple bow knot until it came untied. The left side of my dress fell off my shoulder, exposing my left boob completely. All of my friends on the upper floor cheered and clapped. I glanced at Ant... it made me feel so good to see his big smile and approving nod of his head.
I returned my right arm to its original position, looked back down at the small group on the ground floor, and said to Ted who was trying to keep eye contact with me, "I hope this is okay. I don't want to offend anyone."
The photographers were already busy. And... the woman was giving them some directions on shots she wanted.
Ted smiled, and said, "Yours is the only group this afternoon. That's one of the reasons we scheduled the photo shoot for today. If you're comfortable, I'm comfortable."
I smiled back briefly, and then focused on looking directly at the cameras... one, then the other, back and forth.
After a couple minutes, Barb said, "Those are going to be amazing." As she was speaking, I reached across my body again... this time with my left arm. I pulled on the remaining knot and let the strap fall as the knot opened. My little dress fell into a small puddle of fabric at my feet. Even louder cheering and applause came from the upper floor.
I replied Barb, "Perhaps a few more." I returned to my pose... so happy to be totally exposed in a beautiful setting. A little breeze hit my moist yoni... what a sweet awakening of a deepening arousal.
Very shortly, Barb suggested that the photos would be better without the dress at my feet. She walked up the stairs to steady me as I stepped out of my dress. She then helped me pose again... moving my arms a bit and pivoting my body away from the cameras slightly for a little more modesty than I'd prefer. Oh, well... what we sacrifice for the sake of art!
She looked again at my pose and at her photographers below on the ground floor, and whispered, "You're enjoying this, aren't you?"
I smiled and innocent smile, and replied, "Let's put it this way... this kind of thing is a really fun addiction."
She carried my dress down with her to the ground floor and gave the photographers the green light. When one ventured a little too far toward his left, she called him back to make sure he didn't take photos she felt would be too revealing. Damn!
After a minute or so, Barb called to the guys to wrap it up. Then she walked up the stairs again, saying "Okay, this was fun for us too."
She reached out to hand me my dress, but I waved my hands in front of me, saying, "No thanks. I think I'll stay this way until we leave. Ted said there weren't any other groups for wine tasting this afternoon. You can lay it on the bannister at the bottom of the stairs, please."
She chuckled softly and smiled again... gazing at my bare body from boobs to belly to yoni. She said, "I think I'd like to have your contact information, if you wouldn't mind."
I replied, "Sure... I'll have my hubby give you one of his business cards with my info before we leave."
To my surprise... at that moment, the front door opened, and three very sharply dressed women walked in... and were instantly speechless at the sight of a naked woman on the staircase in front of them. Behind them, three very attractive men walked in. Hmmm. Ted had told us no other wine tasting groups were expected.
Barb immediately looked at them and exclaimed, "Ahhh, you folks must be my models for the photo shoot. Come on in."
She looked back at me, and said, "Sorry... duty calls." She walked down the stairs to greet them formally, while the newcomers continued to glance at me with great curiosity. Barb tossed my dress over the bannister and led the group off to the right where Ted was directing them. As they went... I gave them a little wave and a smile. A couple of them waved back... and then they were gone.
I turned and looked up at my smiling hubby and friends... and they broke into applause again. In response... I put my arms over my head and swung them back and forth in celebration. What fun! I walked up the stairs to join them and received hugs from all... and a few celebratory pats on the ass!
Anthony wrapped me in a big hug, kissed me passionately, and whispered in my ear, "I'm so proud of you... and I'm sooo turned on by you. Later... we'll enjoy watching the videos I took of your performance with my iPhone." I looked back at him, and replied, "Good job, sweetie!"
Margie finally got us all into our tasting room. She had some cheese and crackers as a little snack, and a number of wine glasses arranged carefully. Since we were a pretty big group, she asked one of her colleagues to assist her in the pouring and glass choreography.
Stan greeted us all with a smile, and said with a slight Irish accent, "Now I know why there would be cheering on the way up the stairs! The wine here is quite good, but the cheering had a much better inspiration indeed."
One this trip, we were introducing a couple of friends to this winery... so even though we prefer reds over whites, we sampled a nice selection of whites first. Then... the bold reds took center stage... and they didn't disappoint.
Not surprisingly... I found it was quite fun sampling wine with friends while totally nude. We took our time with each wine and discussed which we preferred... and which we wanted to purchase. As we asked questions, Margie and Stan shared details about the various wine grapes in general and the specific vineyards.
At one point in our tasting of the bold reds, one of our new men friends declined to receive a pouring, saying, "I don't really like reds with such strong tannins." After a little chiding, he still didn't relent.
I called Ed over, and said, "I think I might be able to convince you to try this wine." He laughed, and replied, "Good luck!"
I put a finger into my glass, and pulled a drop of the bold red wine out... dabbing it on my erect nipple, I said, "There you go... I think you'll like it." Ahhh, there was such a howl in the room.
He hesitated but looked interested. The wine had pretty much dripped down my boob from my rock-hard nipple by then. I said, "Let's refresh that taste for you. Are you ready?"
Ed leaned over close to my boob, and said, "I'm ready." I dipped another drop of wine out of the glass and dabbed it on my nipple again. As soon as my hand left my nipple, Ed was latched onto my boob with enthusiasm... circling my nipple with his tongue and sucking away. Again... the response of our group was loud and excited.
When Ed finally stood up, he looked around and at everyone and said, "Okay... I'm buying a case of THAT wine!"
When we'd finished our tasting session, we placed our orders for purchase and went downstairs again to wait for the staff to box up our wine. Anthony and I went looking for the photo shoot to give Barb my contact information.
When we found them, they were busy shooting photos of the models tasting wine with Ted pouring behind the bar. Of course, all eyes were on me again as we entered. I gave Barb the business card with my info on it and told Ted good-bye for this time.
Before I could turn to leave, Ted said, "Oh, Annie... please. Just one more photo."
I replied, "Sure... you name it."
He motioned for me to join him behind the bar. "Come over and pour some wine. A beautiful topless woman pouring our wine has to make for a great photo!"
So... I poured some wine, and everyone had big smiles for several photos. Ted assured Ant and I that we would receive prints of these photos when they became available.
We said our good-byes and walked back to the front door. Our wine had already been packed in our limo, so it was time to go. My dress still hung on the bannister.
I walked over to Stan and Margie, giving both of them a big hug. "It's really been fun. Oh, and can you hold onto my dress for me? I'll pick it up next time."
I turned and walked out the front door to our awaiting limo... naked and very happy, holding my smiling hubby's hand.