Note: everyone is 18 years old or older.
Today is the first day of Maria's Senior year; she stands in front of her bedroom mirror and takes a moment to admire her reflection, something she has rarely done in the past. Maria's figure has blossomed over the last few years, especially this summer break. She was 18 and now felt like an adult.
Her body has developed in the right places, and she now boasts a curvaceous silhouette that she's still getting used to. Her button-up white blouse school uniform did not fit as it used to, as her now C-cup breasts were no longer easily hidden.
She adjusts her now tight-fitting pants, suddenly self-conscious about how they hug her curves. She can't deny that her shapely figure looks good despite her reservations. She takes a deep breath and contemplates rummaging through her closet to find something else to wear. Still, then she remembers all her other uniforms were in the wash. "Great timing," she mumbled to herself.
She reached down to pick up her book bag, when
RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIPPPPPPPPPPP!
Her heart skipped a beat, and she looked in the mirror at her behind in shock to see a large tear down the back of her pants, exposing her red panties. Panic set in as she contemplated what to do. She couldn't call in sick on the first day of school. What would her teachers say? How would that look on her college applications? What would her mom say? She was way too strict to accept that, especially after seeing her healthy this morning before she left for work.
Her eyes darted around the room, searching for a solution. She found herself gazing at her closet, and there it was, hanging all alone - the last remaining piece of school uniform she had from her sophomore year, a skirt. She had sworn off skirts a few years back, vowing to get by on her brains, not looks. She jested how well that worked out.
However, she was desperate, and her best friend Adam was almost here to take her to school. In a hurry, she peeled off the damaged pants and quickly pulled on the skirt. There was no better solution. She shrugged, and before she could look in the mirror, Adam's car horn beeped, and she knew she had to hurry. She grabbed her backpack and hurriedly dashed down the stairs.
Now sitting in Adam's car, he raised an eyebrow and gave her a playful grin, "Nice skirt," he quipped.
Blushing, Maria explained the wardrobe malfunction, and Adam chuckled sympathetically. "Well, it's a good thing you had something else to wear," he teased.
Maria's cheeks flushed, but she managed a smile.
As Maria and Adam stepped out of the car and walked towards the school entrance, Maria couldn't help but feel self-conscious. Some students' eyes seemed to linger on them, and she asked Adam, "Why is everyone staring at us?"
Adam chuckled and replied, "They're not staring at us, Maria. Trust me; they're staring at you."
Maria shook her head, dismissing the idea, "Nah, I don't think so."
But as they walked, she couldn't ignore the murmurs and glances she received from some of their classmates. Suddenly, someone from a distance yelled out, "Hey, Adam, who's the hot chicka?" Maria turned around, only to be taken aback when the person quickly apologized and said, "Sorry, Maria didn't recognize you. But hey, you're looking hot!"
Maria blushed, feeling both embarrassed and flattered by the comment. She wasn't used to such attention, especially not for her appearance. As they continued walking, a few more catcalls and whistles followed, making her feel increasingly uneasy but slightly intrigued.
The situation escalated when a jerk slapped her butt without warning as they approached the lockers. Maria gasped, feeling violated, and turned to confront the guy. Adam stepped in, giving the offender a stern look and ensuring he moved on without further incident.
"That guy's a jerk," Adam muttered, his protective instincts kicking in.
Maria straightened her back, trying to regain her composure, and replied, "Yeah, he is. Thanks for stepping in."
Inside, she was feeling a mix of emotions. The unwanted attention made her uncomfortable, but a tiny part of her secretly enjoyed the newfound appreciation for her appearance. After years of trying to hide, it was an entirely new experience to be noticed in this way.
The morning continued with Maria trying to focus on her studies in her first class. Fortunately, she found solace in a desk in the corner where nobody could easily see her skirt. She kept to herself, silently learning, but her mind was preoccupied.
As she made her way to her locker after class, the catcalls persisted, and one insensitive individual even took a photo of her ass. Irritated by the unwarranted attention, Maria felt a mix of annoyance and a strange sense of validation from the compliments. She knew deep down that she shouldn't enjoy it, but part of her couldn't help but feel flattered. Maybe she liked the attention?
Just as she was heading towards her second period, Mr. Jones, the Chemistry teacher, intercepted her. Disapprovingly, he said, "I don't know if that uniform meets regulation. Into my classroom, now!"
The students around her snickered, and Maria's heart sank. She had heard stories about Mr. Jones's misogynistic behavior and feared the worst. Even if he was kind of handsome. As she followed him towards his office, she tried to keep her composure, even though the situation felt unfair and embarrassing.
As Maria tentatively entered the classroom, Mr. Jones locked the door, and she gulped. "So, Maria, it's Senior year, and I get it. You've spent years being a shy wallflower." Mr. Jones looked her up and down with a gleam in his eye. "Now, you've filled out. You are hot, and you want everyone to know you are a slut. I get it. However, there are rules here, and that skirt pushes them."
Maria couldn't believe the way she was being talked to. She wasn't a slut; she was a virgin and had only kissed one boy. It was an accident! "Mr. Jones, that's not true... My pants split right before school, and I had no other uniform."
"Save it, Maria. Now stand over there." He motioned for her to stand before the whiteboard and took out a camera. He started taking pictures, asking her to turn around and pose from various angles. "Evidence," he said.
After that humiliation, he then brought out a ruler. "Now, let's see how bad it is. The rules say your skirt can't be two inches above the knee." He started to measure and looked disapprovingly. "Maria, your skirt is three and a quarter inches above the knee! Tsk tsk. You are violating the school rules, which is detention or maybe worse. Is dressing like a slut worth it, Maria?"
"Mr. Jones, I'm so sorry. It was an accident. It won't happen again, but please. It will go on my record. It would hurt my chances for College!"
"I'm sorry, Maria, but rules are rules, and I must call your mother."
"Mr. Jones, no. Please! My mom will kill me if I get in trouble!" She pleaded. Maria was distraught; she just couldn't get detention or a suspension. It would ruin her life!
"Rules are rules, unless..." he trailed off.
"I'll do anything, Mr. Jones." She meant it because Maria was desperate.
Mr. Jones perks up and says, "Anything? Well, there is something you could do."
Maria did not like that idea, but Anything had to be better than dealing with her mom.
"Well Maria, I have one problem you could handle. If you do that, we can forget the whole thing."
"I'll do Anything, Mr. Jones. What is your problem." She had watched porn; she wasn't stupid. She couldn't believe this was happening.
"Well, it's hard, but you know." He said, glancing down at his pants.
"Are you talking about your penis Mr. Jones?" Maybe playing naive might ease the situation.
"Well, yeah."
"Are you saying you want me to give you a blowjob?"
"It would make me forget about your violations."
Maria couldn't believe the situation one accident would get her in. Here she was, locked in a classroom with a teacher who wanted her to suck his dick. She had never done that before, but she had to admit she was curious. If it got her out of trouble, maybe it was worth it? Just then, Mr. Jones pulled out his dick, and Maria couldn't believe the size.
"I have never done this before, Sir," she said meekly.
"Come here and get on your knees." He commanded, and Maria followed orders, feeling herself getting wet with excitement. She had no idea why, but this whole day of being looked at as a sex object excited her.
On her knees, Maria was face to face with Mr. Jones' cock. Her mouth salivated against her will, and her instincts took over as she put her lips on it, enjoying its hardness. "Just like that," he moaned. Feeling the dick getting harder encouraged Maria as she tried to fit more and more of it into her mouth.
As she bopped up and down on his dick, she started to feel it pulsating, and soon a load of cum shot into the back of her throat. So this is how it tastes, she thought. Salty but good. She looked up at Mr. Jones as she swallowed to see the joy on his face. The pleasure she caused. She liked that.
"Okay, Maria, we'll forget the violation, and if you want to keep dressing like a slut, I won't stop you. Now go before I have to write you a note for being late."
After the unexpected encounter in Mr. Jones' office, Maria's day continued, receiving even more attention from boys and male teachers throughout the school. She couldn't deny the tiny thrill of feeling noticed and desired. Her mind thought of hard cocks and wanted to see more of them.
During lunch, Maria found solace in the company of Adam. As they sat at their usual table, he asked, "How are you handling the new uniform?"
Surprisingly, Maria smiled, "Weirdly, I love it. Who knew I was hot?"
Trying to be modest, Adam mumbled, "Well, I always knew you were pretty great."
Maria blushed but didn't dismiss the compliment this time, simply saying, "Thanks, Adam."
As they enjoyed their lunchtime conversation, Adam accidentally knocked his fork to the ground, causing a gasp from him. Maria instinctively leaned down to retrieve it, but as she did, she felt her skirt ride up. She could sense the gaze of the others fixated on her, and for a moment, she hesitated, feeling self-conscious.
However, in that instant, something inside Maria shifted. Instead of feeling embarrassed, she decided to embrace the attention. Slowly, she bent at the hips, intentionally letting her skirt rise a little further, swaying subtly, and taking her time to pick up the fork.
The cafeteria was filled with whispers and applause, and Maria even noticed the boys giving her appreciative looks. She winked playfully at them before handing the fork back to Adam. At that moment, she felt empowered and in control of her narrative.
The rest of the school day, Maria tested her new abilities, teasing and flirting with the boys and teachers. She loved the results and even had a few offers for upcoming dates. She had never had a proper date before.
With the school day behind her, Maria was back with Adam in his car, enjoying the drive home. "Oh, you wouldn't believe the day I had, Adam!"
Adam nervously replied, "Really? Why, what happened?"
Maria leaned in and teased, "Oh, you know, just a bunch of boys discovering what they've been missing out on," she giggled.
Adam blushed. "Uh, I noticed you were getting a lot of attention. You were causing quite a scene."
Maria giggled and flirtatiously leaned closer, "It was right? So, Adam, real talk. What did you think of the skirt? Should I rock it again tomorrow?"
Adam tried to sound casual, "I mean, yeah, if you feel comfortable. Why not? You looked... uh, really nice."
Maria raised an eyebrow, "Really nice, huh? That's the best you can do?"
Adam stammered, "I-I mean, you looked hot. Like, really hot."
Maria smirked. "There you go! Now, was that so hard?" She looked at his crotch. "Well, maybe now it is."
Adam shifted in his seat and blushed. "Maria, you're teasing me. It's not fair."
"Aw, come on, you know you love it." She said playfully. "What are friends for, right?"
The conversation continued flirty but light-hearted as they continued to Maria's home. As Adam stopped in the driveway, there was an awkward feeling. After a long pause, Maria started to get out of the car. She could feel Adam's eyes on her ass. A feeling Maria began to love today. She felt more teasing of her best friend was in order and suddenly turned around and caught his embarrassed gaze.
"Checking out my assets, huh?" She teased.
Adam blushed apologetically. "What? No, I mean, I wasn't... It's not like that."
"Relax, I'm just kidding. If you want to look, you can. Everybody else has seen it today."
"You are messing with me," he replied.
"You secretly love it, don't you?"
Adam gulped, "Well... maybe a little."
"I knew it!" She said flirtatiously. She stood in the driveway and motioned towards her house. "Aren't you coming? My parents aren't home. I'm not done with you yet."
After drinking some water awkwardly in the kitchen, Maria asked Adam to come see the pants that started all of this in the morning.
Maria held up the ruined pants, "Can you believe this? If I wore these, everybody would have seen my panties."
"Everybody saw your panties anyway, Maria," Adam smirked.
"Right... It was kind of hot." Maria blushed. It just dawned on Maria that of all the times they hung out alone together in this bedroom, today it felt different. "Real talk, Adam. Today was one of the best days of school I've ever had. I can't help thinking that many boys would be touching themselves thinking about me tonight. I don't know why, but I like that a lot."
Adam couldn't believe it. He's always had a crush on Maria. Even before she developed into the babe she was today. Seeing her tease everyone today. Seeing her ass in that skirt. He was so nervous right now but so excited.
"Adam, are you hard?" She said playfully.
Adam couldn't muster up any words; he just nodded. Maria had a knowing smile as she approached him and kissed him deeply.
After a passionate kiss, Adam whispered, "I've always wanted this."
"I know." With that, Maria removed her top to reveal her tits, only covered by a bra. "Adam, today I am your fantasy. I've been everyone else's all day, anyway. It's now your turn."
She moved towards him and started to take off his shirt, feeling his chest. Moving down to her knees, she pulled his cock out. It was already rock-hard and surprisingly girthy. "You've been holding out on me, stud." She coyed as she started to suck. Adam was speechless.
After enjoying the sensation, Maria knew it was time for her needs to be taken care of. She got up, pushed him towards the bed, and kissed him passionately, removing his pants and boxers. Joining him, her clothes were thrown to the floor as well. He looked at her like she was a pornstar come to life with eyes full of lust.
As they continued making out, she positioned herself on top of him. Maria straddled his cock as it touched her inner thoughts, she was so wet, and her pussy was dying to be filled. Adam positioned his cock, aligning it with her pussy, the tip touching the entrance.
Maria slowly lowered herself onto him, inch by inch. She felt it spread her open. Adam moaned in delight as Maria sat down, gasped, and felt herself fill up. After feeling it pulse inside her, she slowly lifted up before sitting back down on him, letting it fill her again.
"Oh my god," Adam exclaimed.
Maria started to pick up the pace as she rode his cock. Adam reached up and felt her bouncing perky tits. She loved the feeling of having Adam's cock split her open and her nipples being twerked. Her breathing increased as she rocked her hips, trying to get the most out of these sensations.
"Yes, Adam, fuck your slut."
"Maria... Do you like being a fuck toy?"
Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter as his words came over him. "Yes! Treat me like a slut, Adam!" She felt the orgasm start to build. She couldn't contain it much longer. She exploded in an earth-shattering orgasm and didn't even realize Adam had pulled out and cummed all over her face and chest.
They both could barely speak as they lay in a heap of exhaustion.
"Wow," is all Adam could bring himself to say.
"Yes, wow." Maria agreed.