I know you watch me. Don't you wonder why the drapes in my bathroom are always open when I am in there?
I walk in, only wearing my white sheer bathrobe. My hair is down, my face naked after scrubbing off the day's sweat and cosmetics. I lean over, my ass facing the window, to draw my bath, adding the bath salts. I need to pamper myself...
Walking slowly over to the vanity, I pull my hair into a bun....then pick up my razor, a new one, sharp...
Moving to the tub, I shrug my shoulders as I undo my belt, letting the robe fall to the floor in a heap. I tilt my face to the side, almost looking back at you, across from me. Such a perfect view for you, isn't it? Leaning over to test the water, I give you a lovely view of my ass, my legs spread just wide enough you can see a hint of my lips.
You can't see my grin, for I know how much fun I will have with you tonight. This is the first time I will take it to the next level. Before this, you've seen me naked, sure. But that was the extent of it. It's time.
I lower myself into the bath, soaking, soothing, letting my skin absorb, feeling the stress of the day leave slowly. I am feeling quite hot and achy tonight, knowing what I am about to do. My stomach has butterflies...but I keep a calm and confident face for you. I don't want to you to see me as nothing less than in complete control of myself.
Letting out a deep breath, I draw myself up out of the bath, moving back to sit on the back ledge, facing you. I pick up the razor, simultaneously spreading my legs wide, then using the fingers of my other hand to pull the skin of my lips up, smooth, so I can bring the razor down, shaving with the roots of my pubic hair, not against. Bring that sharp blade down slowly, over and over, using the water in the bath to shake out the hair. So dirty, I don't fucking care, I don't need the water anymore. I'm sure you don't mind. I dare not look up, I imagine the look on your face now. I can feel your eyes on me. I hope you are busy with yourself. I hope you are stroking...thinking of being on your knees in front of me after I finish and I'm freshly shaved, lapping me up, holding my legs open, me holding my lips wide so you have perfect access.
I feel myself moisten as I continue shaving, making sure I don't nick myself. That won't do. Once I finish, I make sure I make a few passes around my asshole. I need to get rid of all of it. I love that fresh feeling. I bet you would too.
Setting aside the razor after I'm satisfied with the result, I set my legs aside, still over the tub, and flip open the drain. Oh, you think I'm done? No. I most certainly am not. It's now Act 2, my filthy, filthy neighbor. Splaying my legs open wide again, I start caressing my breasts while my other hand moves down, down to my shaved little kitty. Moving up and down against my slit. Massaging, pinching my nipples. I lick and suck on my fingers, bringing them back to each erect nipple. I hope you are using binoculars, you pervert. I want you to have a good look.
I think of you in here with me, your mouth again on me, and I move my left hand over my clit, rubbing over it, like your tongue would be. My breasts forgotten, I want to feel like your cock is inside me now...while my other fingers play with my clit, the other fingers start probing, slowly and gently at first. Then both hands start picking up speed, pushing in deeper, rubbing harder. My breath is coming out in gasps...
I can feel it. I have been fighting it for a bit now, I was feeling the edge of the orgasm from the first touch, I have been so turned on. I can't hold back anymore, my fingers so busy, ass squirming on the ledge. And I peak, my body quivering as I squirt into the bathtub. Damn, it's been a while since I last did that, look what you did for me.
My eyes, which had been tightly shut while playing with myself, while climaxing, now open, and I look out at you. I can't see you, but I know you are there. I bring my fingers of one of my hands into my mouth, sucking my juices off, the other hand waving.
Then I flip the light switch. Goodnight, dear neighbor. Seeing you tomorrow on our way out the door to work should be interesting.