Hannah loved the way she looked. She had some chub on her, but she wore it in all the right places. Her tits were DDs. And they were still quite perky for her age. She took care of her body. It was a temple after all. She loved showing off her legs in public. She oftentimes wouldn't wear underwear and would spread her legs for certain people that would catch her eyes. Some were disgusted. Some looked and enjoyed the view. But none of them approached her. She was looking for someone specific. She didn't even know if she knew what she was looking for. She did know she would know when she found it.
She had wide hips, and an ass that was quite smackable. Her smile could light up a room on a dreary day and her laugh would make you laugh so hard you can't see straight. Hannah had beautiful light brown hair that trailed down her back to her tailbone. She often wore it down, but would pull it up if she had some work to do. She had on black glasses that framed her face well.
On this day, she was wearing a tight orange v-neck tee shirt that showed off her ample cleavage nicely. She was also wearing her small green skirt with no undies. Her heels clicked as she walked Downtown to see who she could find.
She walked into a cafe, and took a seat by the window and looked around. There weren't many people here, but one gentleman caught her eye. He had dark brown hair, wire rimmed glasses and he had a little grey in his hair. But he just radiated dominance. She was always pulled to that, because it would cause her more intense orgasms. But she wasn't looking for that right now, no no no. She was looking for something else today.
She ordered a coffee and watched people walk by the window. She loved coming here in the morning to start her day, the coffee was good and the atmosphere was ambient. She finished her coffee and paid her tab before heading to her next stop. A few people noticed her and she would catch them staring. She would smile at them and wave, which some would smile back, but most just looked away, almost like they were embarrassed of being caught.
Her next stop was the park. She would sit on a bench and again, watch people. This young man sitting on the fountain kept looking her way. She would smile, he'd look down, and it would repeat. She thought it was cute. She watched him for a while, she was giving him time to see if he would come over. Didn't look like that was going to happen. Hannah stood, and moved towards the fountain. The man began to look anxious. The closer she got, the more right he felt.
He was sitting really straight when she got to him. "Hey." She said to him, a small smile playing across her lips. He looked up at her and said, "Hi."
"I'm Hannah," she said, straddling the fountain, one foot in and one out. She sat and spread her legs. His eyes trailed down and saw her bare pussy. She noticed the surprise on his face, and small movements in his jeans. She smiled. "What are you doing sitting over her by your lonesome?"
"I'm Nathan." He said, kind of quietly. "And I was working on a paper.. for school, I go to the.. community college up the street." She could tell he was having trouble concentrating.
"You okay, Nathan?" She asked with a smile. She leaned forward, causing her tits to press together more. "What are you going to school for?"
"I'm okay..." He said, a little less quiet this time. "I'm going for.. Psychology. I'll do 2 years here, then transfer to the university a few cities over."
"That sounds like a solid plan. What were you going to do after?"
"I hadn't really thought that far ahead." He said, finally smiling at her. Hannah just about melted when she saw him smile.
"Maybe you would want to get a coffee?" She asked him.
"I could go for a coffee." He said.
-
She couldn't believe how well they had hit it off. She'd invited him to her house. They'd been talking for about a week, meeting at least once a day. She'd been teasing him relentlessly. She'd been explaining to him that orgasms can lead to enlightenment. That it's happened to her. He didn't seem to believe all that, but he seemed pretty interested in being with her without the possibility of enlightenment.
Maybe he wouldn't become a pupil, but maybe he would. Either way, she knew she was going to enjoy this. She put on some lacy black lingerie and draped a robe over her. He was right on time and was dressed to impress. And impressed she was. He had on a yellow and black plaid button up shirt and blue jeans that looked brand new. He looked her up and down, she'd dressed down. Wearing a robe. But when she bent over to get something from a cabinet, he surely didn't mind the view.
She laid a plate before him. "Enjoy."
All through dinner, she teased him, toying with him with her foot. He was hard as a rock and she couldn't wait to get his cock in her waiting mouth. She'd been wanting his cock since day one. But she had to make sure he was right. Finally she got tired of fighting the temptation and just invited him to her home.
After dinner, they moved to the couch, wine glasses in hand. She placed her legs up on the couch, her feet right in his crotch. Playing with his cock again. He'd pretty much been hard continuously for about a week, since he'd met Hannah. Even through jeans, she could feel his cock throbbing.
She laid her glass down and moved off the couch and onto her knees in front of him. He watched as she unbuttoned his jeans, he didn't stop her, he didn't say anything. He lifted up when she pulled his pants off. His cock stood before her, at least 7 inches and about 2 inches wide.
Her lips were close to the tip of his cock, his breath was quickening the closer she got to it. She gripped the base of his cock and licked him lightly. He let out a sigh, and groaned. He was getting so tired of being teased. He just wanted to fuck her brains out already. But he was letting her be in control, so he waited. He knew his time would come.
Her mouth felt heavenly when she finally placed her lips around his tip. She began to move slowly up and down. Her hand came up to meet her lips. She began taking him deeper and deeper, until he hit the back of her throat. She was bouncing up and down on his cock pretty fast, until he slipped in her throat and caused her to gag.
He groaned. "Where's your bedroom?" His voice was low and gruff, and caused Hannah's submissiveness to kick in.
"Through there," she replied, pointing to a door. He stood, his cock bouncing, and grabbed her hand and led her to the bedroom. He pulled her close to him and kissed her. She lit up like a Christmas tree. She moaned into the kiss and about melted into a puddle on the floor.
"You don't know how much I need you. I'm not sure I can take much more of this insufferable teasing."
Hannah laughed, "You poor thing" She said, grabbing his cock and stroking it slowly. "Can't take much more, huh? What are you going to do about it?"
Nathan growled and threw Hannah onto the bed and climbed on top of her. He undid the robe and pulled it aside, he looked over her whole body, appreciating every bit of it. He began to touch her all over. She was a puddle by the time he slipped inside of her. Her moans mixed with his as he drove into her.
He pinned her legs back and grabbed her hands to restrain her. Hannah seemed to really like that, she felt herself tense up and felt herself get wetter. "Oh my God." She said.
Nathan was smiling now, he loved the look on her face as she came. He moaned as he felt his orgasm build. "Fuck!" He said as he blasted his seed inside her. They came down together and pulled apart before cuddling back together.
"Maybe you're on to something, that felt more... than usual."
"What do you mean?"
"That maybe you're right about being able to reach enlightenment." He replied.
"You really think so?" She smiled at him.
He grabbed her and rolled on top of her, "Let's keep trying." He said, with a smile.