Misty is a fun loving attractive lady who has a zest for life and loves to be adventurous in a very sexual way and the events of this night were the start of her becoming an avid exhibitionist which turns us both on so much. She is a beautiful girl with blonde hair which she keeps stylishly cut just above her shoulders. Her face is really cute with a captivating smile and big blue eyes. She stands 5'-6" tall with the classical 36/24/36 figure which gets noticed even when she is not showing it off. Her breasts are natural C cup size topped with silver dollar sized areola and prominent nipples that are about a quarter of an inch in diameter and stand out about a half an inch when excited.
All of this is supported by long thin well shaped legs with great calves and firm thighs. The overall look is long and lean which just accentuates her large full breasts. She keeps her pussy completely shaved most of the time but sometimes she likes to experiment with various trim jobs on her pubic hair just for effect. We had never talked about her being an exhibitionist in public before but at the time she was working as a dancer at a strip club and we had talked about her getting naked in front of the customers there. I knew that she enjoyed the dancing and it thrilled her to get totally naked and expose her body to a hundred or more people in a shift. She knew I was secure with her doing that and it was exciting for me to see her stripping and turning all those people on. I don't think she even knew I would want her to show off her body in public but it was something an old girlfriend and I had done before and I loved it.
It started when we decided to go listen to some local rock bands at a dance club we knew of downtown. It happened to be a nice warm night at the beginning of summer so no heavy cloths were needed. We had showered and were deciding what to wear, for me it was a simple task of jeans and a nice shirt but Misty on the other hand could not decide what she wanted to wear. I half jokingly asked her if she wanted me to pick out something for her to wear. She looked at me with a puzzled look and asked me what I had in mind. I told her I would find something nice for her to wear and she could decide if she liked it or not. I said why don't you go downstairs and fix us a couple of drinks. She gave me a skeptical ok and headed downstairs. I knew it would take a little while to get her drink because she liked screwdrivers and she would have to mix the OJ from frozen. It gave me plenty of time to get an outfit together for her. I already had an idea of what I wanted Misty to wear in my perverted mind. Now I didn't want to get too extreme for the first time so I made my choices carefully.
For her top I choose a classy little black lace button up shirt I bought for her a few weeks before which she had planned to wear for work at the strip club. It was made of a very sheer black material with a black lace design embroidered on it. When worn without a bra it wasn't stand out obvious that her areolas could be seen but anyone checking out her tits would notice they could be seen through the material. For her skirt I choose a deep purple tube type skirt which was very form fitting and came down to a modest mid thigh. It was made of a stretchy material that showed her nice ass off real nice. To finish the outfit off I put out a pair of sheer black thigh high stocking and her black spiked heel pumps. I intentionally didn't put a bra or panties out just to see what would happen. I had her outfit laid out on the bed and waited for her to come back with our drinks. In a few minutes Misty had come up the stairs with our drinks and looked at what I had laid out for her to wear. She handed me my drink then took a big sip of hers then put her drink on the dresser.
Misty walked over to the bed and picked up the top and said she never thought about wearing it out in public. I told her it was a nice top lets see how it looks when you're dressed in the whole outfit. With a hesitant ok she walked back to the dresser took another big sip of her drink and opened her underwear drawer. She pulled out a black thong and slipped them on, then much to my disappointment she pulled out one of her black bras and put it on. She came over to the bed and slipped her stockings on then put the skirt and top on. She stepped over to the full length mirror and started checking out how it looked. The outfit looked great on her, the skirt hugged her ass which accentuated its great shape and the top really went well with the black stockings and purple skirt. As Misty was checking it out she said she liked the way it looked, I think most girls like outfits that look hot on them. After checking herself in the mirror Misty said the only thing she didn't like was the way her bra looked under the top but I could never wear it out without one. I said go ahead and take the bra off and we'll see what it looks like. I told her to finish her drink and I'll get us some fresh ones. She gave me a quizzical look finished her drink and said we'll see how it looks.
When I got back upstairs she was looking in the mirror turning side to side and I could not believe the difference removing the bra had made. Just seeing it from the back it looked sexy as hell and when she turned around to face me, it was like looking at a wet dream. She must have thought it looked hot too because her nipples were sticking out as hard as bullets. I could just make out the areola under the black sheer and lace material but the nipples sticking out so hard drew my eyes right to them. I handed Misty her drink and told her she was the sexiest thing I have ever seen. Misty then walked over and slipped her pumps on walked back to continue checking herself out while she drank her drink. She asked me if I really liked the way she looked in this outfit. I got up took her hand and placed it on my hard cock that had formed in my pants just looking at her. She smiled and said I must like it, and then I reached up and rubbed her stiff nipples and said it looks like you think it's pretty hot also.
Misty blushed a little and told me she thought she looked sexy but just didn't know if she could go out in public dressed so risqué. She said I couldn't walk around the city with my tits showing so much. I went to the closet and grabbed a little black bolero jacket she had and handed it to her saying try this to see what you think. Misty put it on to see how it would look. The jacket came to the top of the hips and didn't have buttons or a clasp in the front. Misty was checking how it looked and it did conceal most of her tits and but gapped enough in the front to show the shirt and braless valley between her nice tits. She must have been satisfied with the look because she asked me if I really wanted to take her out dressed like this. I told her I would be proud to be seen with her looking so hot and sexy. She was a little hesitant but said well we better get going before I change my mind. We went downstairs grabbed her purse and headed out.
When we got downtown we had to park about 4 blocks from the club and walk past 2 other bars to get to the one we were going to. Misty took my arm and off we started and as we past the other bars I could see the guys sitting in the bars checking Misty out as we walked past which Misty noticed also. When we got inside the club we went to the bar and got a couple of drinks and found a place to sit. The club was a large stage at one end and a really big dance floor with tables and chairs set up around it. We found a small table with 2 chairs and sat down facing the dance floor. We had about a half an hour to wait till the bands started playing so we drank our drinks and talked awhile. The dance floor was dimly lit with colored lights while the area around the tables was lit by brighter white lights. As Misty and I talked she would turn to check things out and have to lean over to pick up her drink, when she did this I had the advantage of knowing when and where to look to get some nice shots of her tits as the jacket would pull to the side or fall away from her chest. Misty saw me looking a few times and jokingly called me a pervert for watching her tits every time she moved. I laughed and said all the other perverts lucky enough to see are enjoying the glimpses also. Misty just laughed it off and told me to go get us some more drinks.
As I was away getting our drinks the first band started playing and people were starting to filter out to the dance floor. This made it less crowded and easier to get back to the table and as I approached the table Misty was sitting facing me with a devilish smirk on her face. When I got about 15 feet from the table she looked me in the eyes leaned back a bit in the chair and let the front of the jacket roll off her tits effectively exposing her rock hard nipples under her lace shirt confirming to anyone looking she had nothing on under her sexy shirt. When I sat down she smiled, took a big sip of her drink and asked if I liked what I saw. I told her that was hot and you must like it also judging by how hard your nipples got. She just smiled at me and said lets go dance. The dance floor was dark enough so when her jacket opened up the top didn't show her tits like it did in the light. We danced 3 songs then went back to finish our drinks. Misty said she would go get the next round and off to the bar she went. When Misty got back with our drinks she sat down and we drank and talked some more. I asked her if she was enjoying the attention she was getting being dressed so sexy and she said it was a turn on having everyone looking at her. We continued talking and finished our drinks.
With the drinks gone Misty was ready to go dance again but this time when she stood up she really surprised me. She said it was to hot on the dance floor to keep the jacket on and it was dark enough she didn't need it. So she took the jacket off and hung it on the back of her chair. I loved this now, here was my girlfriend standing in a crowded club dressed sexy as hell and her beautiful tits visible to anyone who paid enough attention to notice. I was getting hard just thinking about this. She took my hand and led me to the dance floor and started dancing. We danced a couple of songs then the band playing announced they were going to play their last song and there would be about a half hour break before the next band is ready to play. When their last song ended something Misty didn't expect or by now didn't care about happened, the whole club was lit up bright while the bands were changing on stage. Misty said it was time to go get more drinks so she grabbed my hand headed for the bar. I expected she would go get her jacket and put it on first but she just headed straight for the bar.
Since she was leading the way I got to see the faces of the guys and girls watching Misty make her way through the crowd and could tell which ones noticed her tits showing under her shirt by their expressions. When we got in line at the bar she turned to face me and I could see why she was attracting so much attention. A light sheen of perspiration from dancing had her top clinging right to her tits. With the brighter lights her hard nipples were drawing attention to the light brown of her areolas which showed a little more prominent with the clinging top. When Misty saw her reflection in the mirror behind the bar she saw how much was showing with her top clinging under the bright lights. She hugged up next to me and whispered in my ear, not hiding much under these lights am I. I told her no but you sure look damn sexy like that. She hung on to me until we got our drinks from the bar. She then told me to go ahead and take the drinks to the table she had to go to the bathroom and would be there in a few minutes.
As I waited for her to return the next band started playing and the lights were turned down again. The crowd headed to the dance floor again and I was able to see her coming back to the table from across the room. As I watched her tits lightly bouncing with every step I noticed she had unbuttoned 2 of the top buttons on her shirt exposing her cleavage down to the middle of her tits. She had to have a pretty good buzz on by now from the number of screwdrivers she had consumed. She usually doesn't drink much but the excitement of the events tonight must have gotten to her. She sits down next to me leans over and tells me how hot it is making her dressed so sexy in public. As she is saying this she slips something into my hand under the table and then sits back and smiles at me. Opening my hand I see her little black thong she must have taken off while in the ladies room. As I look back at her she looks down to her lap which draws my attention there also.
I watch as she pulls her skirt up past the tops of her black stockings spreading her legs slightly to expose her sweet shaved pussy with her pussy lips damp and swollen from the excitement of the events of the night. I can't help but reach over and rub a finger along the wet lips then insert it into her wet inviting pussy. She moves her hand next to mine and slips one of her fingers into her wet pussy with mine then pulls her hand away taking mine with hers. She straightens her skirt out grabs her drink and flashes a sexy smile at me. I said to Misty it sure looks like you enjoy showing your body off out here in public more than you thought when you were getting dressed. Misty said she had never thought about it before but it is exciting and you seem to enjoy it. I said I sure do I think it's fantastic. She said let's finish these drinks and get out of here.
We finished our drinks and got up to leave. Misty grabbed her purse from the table and then handed me her jacket from the back of the chair. She really was getting comfortable with her body being exposed in public. We walk to the exit hand in hand with her tits swaying and her hard nipples threatening to poke right through her little lace top. When we got outside she gabbed me gave me a huge kiss and said that was the most exciting thing she had ever done. Having left before the clubs and bars closed there was no one on the street and noticing this Misty unbuttoned her top all the way and started walking to where we parked with her beautiful tits completely exposed. When we got to the first bar we had to pass on the way she pulled her shirt closed over her tits and walked on by. As we came to the second bar I took her hand in mine and said leave it open and let them see how lucky I am. We walked past with her tits and erect nipples completely exposed to whoever was looking out the windows. I slowed our walk a bit and looked past her towards the windows and saw about a half a dozen guys watching us pass by while nudging their buddies to see this gorgeous girl walking down the street with her tits fully on display for them to see. When we were past she asked me if anybody saw and I said oh hell yes and I'm sure it made their night. Misty told me this is more exciting than stripping because when she is stripping the customers expect to see her naked and doing this she gets to see the surprised look on people's faces when they see her.
We drove home with her tits hanging out while she played with my hard cock and when we got home we fucked ourselves silly. We talked about the events of the night and I asked her if she enjoyed herself and if she wanted to do it again. She replied god yes and we will definitely do this again.