For my last visit of the year to my local nudist beach, I wanted to set myself a bit of a challenge. I'd been to nude beaches before so being naked was not an issue. This time I wanted to be an exhibitionist. My plan was to lie on the beach, legs spread a bit to ensure a good clear view, and see what happens and just go with the flow.
I arrived, picked a spot to settle down, somewhere near enough to the main path through the nudist area to be easily visible to passers-by but not in such away to be in your face. I set my towel out and started to remove my clothes. It was a mostly sunny day with a few small cloudy patches, but damn, that moment when you've just got everything off and the sun hits your naked body is fantastic no matter how many times I experience it.
I lay down, stretched out and got ready for my afternoon of exhibitionism. I made sure my cock and balls were sitting comfortably and were clearly exposed. I decided to start off completely soft and offer no encouragement but to let nature take its course. The warmth of the sun had already caused a little engorgement. Now, with my heart racing, it was just a case of waiting. For what, I wasn't sure.
To the casual observer, I wanted to appear asleep so as not to deter people from looking. I wanted anyone walking by to feel comfortable enough to have a good look at my displayed genitals; for me to feel completely on display.
The surrounding gravel alerted me to the approach of my first potential voyeur. Sneaking a peak out of the corner of my eye, I see an approaching figure, a man I think. Yes, there's a cock. Definitely a man. He gives it a quick stroke as he walks. I hear his footsteps getting closer. And then slowing down. But not stopping. I feel a slight twitch of excitement down below that he idea that a random stranger has just had a good eyeful of my cock and balls.
This is my first deliberate exposure. Granted, on a nude beach, but with aim of being seen. On previous visits it was more because it was a nude beach, not because I was being deliberately exhibitionist like I was this time. This was different. This was exciting. Even though I was on a nude beach, I still felt naughty doing it as I was inviting people to look. The man's footsteps started to resume a normal speed as he moved away further down the beach and I returned to feigning sleep, waiting for the next person who fancied a look at my exposed cock and balls.
Some time passed, and I again hear approaching footsteps, this time it sounds like they will pass behind me. Again, I sneak a peek at the potential voyeur getting closer to me. A man and a woman, middle aged, both naked and coming my way. They didn't slow down much on the way past, leaving my excitement sadly minimal. I guess not everyone is a voyeur.
As the afternoon wore on, I beginning to lose hope that I would get any more passers-by. It had been quieter afternoon than I had hoped. I reached down to casually "adjust" my cock slightly when I heard footsteps approaching once again. I stop adjusting as the footsteps get closer. My cock is tingly from my "adjusting" and I feel some slight growth. I try and see who is near, but I cannot see anyone. This suits my purposes fine. I close my eyes and try to relax. I want to appear as natural as possible.
The footsteps stopped nearby. I feel my cock start swell a bit more. The footsteps come closer. My cock swells more again and started to move from resting on my balls to wanting to rest on my upper thigh. The unknown voyeur comes a step or two closer. I'm semi erect now, my cock starting to get harder as I know that this person is now deliberately looking at my shamelessly exposed genitals. My cock is now resting on my stomach. I am clearly aroused. My heart is beating faster with every second.
The unknown voyeur comes even closer still; I can hear the gravel crunching right near me now. Literally, between one and two feet away. They want a closer look. My cock swells more, starting to lift from resting on my stomach to pointing upwards. I hear a faint rhythmic, wet slurping sound.
Holy fuck. This person is clearly touching themselves. Full on masturbating. To the slight of my steadily growing boner. On the beach. In public. It could be a woman with a wet pussy. It could be a man with a lubed up cock. I didn't know. I didn't want to know. This was the point of my challenge. I feel my foreskin retract very slightly, exposing just the very tip of my cock.
That's it. I'm right in front of an unknown stranger, in public, with full blown erection. And they are getting off to the sight of my engorged cock and naked body.
I feel a hand gently slide up my upper thigh and gently start to caress my balls. The slurping sound continues. OMG. The hand grasps the base of my swollen cock and begins to massage it. The strokes start to get longer, now up and down the length of my member. This is awesome. I'm now getting a hand job on the beach from an unknown stranger.
I feel the hand pull my foreskin back, completely exposing my swollen glans. I feel my precum be spread all over my engorged penis tip. Oh, damn this feels good. The fact we were in public and I had no idea who was doing it made it even more exciting.
To my complete surprise, the tip of my cock is suddenly engulfed in a warm, wet mouth. The tongue tickles the underside of my bell end and then starts to twirl around and around my glans. I feel more and more of my cock being taken into the voyeur's mouth and then a firm sucking. This is way more than I was expecting when I set out, but I was committed to letting events play out.
The mouth was sliding up and down my cock when I started to feel a tingle and a tightness in my balls. "Here we go", I thought to myself. "No going back now". My cock trembled and I felt the mouth slide slowly back up my slippery wet cock. The first load of cum flew from the tip of my cock, splattering my chest. The second across my thigh. The third pulsed and dribbled down my cock and onto my balls. I heard a deep sigh from the voyeur. They must have just cummed too. The hand returned and resumed rubbing my now well lubed cock, stroking my cum and their saliva all over my cock and balls. I felt the mouth again get to work on the mess that was my genitals, skilfully sucking each of my balls clean before taking the whole of my shrinking cock into their mouth and sucking it clean.
The gravel crunched as my mystery masturbator seemed to stand up, and began to walk away. Part of me wanted to return to favour, however that was not part of today's plan. I resisted the urge to look at who had just sucked my cock in public. I lay there for another few minutes, basking in the orgasmic bliss that had followed my unexpected sexual encounter.
Nothing else unfortunately happened in the half hour or so I remained on the beach. I was a little disappointed, but couldn't really complain given what had happened earlier.
I would consider my beach exhibitionism challenge successfully completed. Wouldn't you?