Susan becomes a true exhibitionist at the Lobby Bar
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In Part I, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean a year ago proved life-changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since. Now this couple wants to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. These stories are based on my (real) life experiences)
If you haven't read the previous chapters, I'd suggest that you do so...
---------------------
"That was unbelievably sexy this morning, sweetheart!"
Susan smiled as she pushed her eggs around the plate. They arrived at the restaurant just before cutoff and were able to grab some breakfast. Her blush was deep, and her eyes avoided his.
The fact was, it was glorious! She had never been fucked like that -- and never let go like that. It was simply so out of character for her, but it was the wildest ride of her life!
"I'm glad you liked it."
A cocktail of emotions swirled through Edward's mind, but the one that dominated them all was arousal. He knew Susan used to have a slight exhibitionistic streak in her when she was younger, and that's what attracted him to her. But with her career and certainly after having kids, she wanted to be careful about her reputation and always refused to act out on it.
Removing her bikini top and essentially flashing her tits to the world was one thing, but now, they had just had sex in public! This was a new road traveled. It was dangerous, it was depraved, it was lewd; but it was so, so thrilling!!
"I absolutely loved your brazen attitude -- you were such a naughty little tease!" he continued, his throat suddenly dry. "And the thought that someone may have seen us was one hell-of-a turn-on," Edward said quietly.
But his wife said nothing - she continued to remain silent while staring at her plate.
Susan was mortified by her actions. And to her disbelief, she couldn't believe her husband approved of her shameless spectacle! But she could not lay all the blame upon her husband. She was just as bad; not only aroused by her potential exposure, but also actually inviting her husband to fuck her on a balcony, in public, in front of others, and in broad daylight!
Susan immediately felt her body flush with embarrassment. She was notthattype of girl. Why would she allow, no, encourage such a thing? What possessed her to expose herself like that?
Yet, why was it so exciting to fuck while others around her watched? She felt as if a dam had just broken wide open. All the pent-up pressures that had been building throughout the years flooded out of her on that balcony in wave after wave of sexual release.
But that wasn't who she was.
Could Pandora's box be closed? Or was it opened for good?? Was this the start of a new way of life?
*************
After breakfast, Susan and Edward made their way to the beach. They were able to secure a palapa with two sun loungers at their preferred location -- first row from the water.
It was a beautiful day - bright sunshine and gentle breezes were the order of the day. Susan surprised Edward by wearing the new red bikini she bought for this trip.
Although Susan reminded him thatshewas the one that made the decision to wear this new bikini thatshepurchased, Edward was nonetheless elated with his wife purchasing such a garment she once considered risqué on her own. It was not a string bikini or a thong, but a swimsuit that was elegant, yet sexy. He knew it was a large step toward re-awakening her sexuality. Approaching the age of 50, Susan looked fantastic.
Thoughts of the morning sex on the balcony flittered through his mind. His wife not only walked out naked exposing herself to strangers, but then she openly teased them after having hot sex! What was next?
In the months leading up to this holiday, he shared some of his sexual fantasies with his wife. It was a big step for him to open up to her, who often trivialized, judged, or dismissed those fantasies as immoral and perverted. But he realized he was a first-hand witness to a change of attitude by his wife; an increased independence, confidence, and assertiveness as a sexual being. It was enough to make his head spin! He wondered how far she would go in their exploration -- and greedily, he hoped for more.
He decided to explore this new journey of 'sexploration' they hopped on. And maybe implore his wife to address her own doubts and insecurities.
"You know, several guys were watching us this morning, on the balcony. How did that make you feel, to be watched?"
"Nervous."
"But exciting, right?"
"Well..."
"Let me say this," Edward interrupted. "I know every single man watching wanted to change places with me."
"I don't know about that."
Edward smiled; it was rare that his wife would talk about this sensitive subject. She would normally quickly shut down any discussions about sex or sexual situations. But she didn't. He continued, "One hundred percent. All those guys were lusting after you. You were so flirtatious. And your attitude! You just so hot and so sexy!!"
Susan turned to her husband; her face and chest flushed, and asked, "You didn't mind all those guy's seeing your wife naked? And doesn't it bother you they were watching us fuck, 'lusting' after me as you put it?"
"Ah no, not at all! You know I love to show you off! I thought it was erotic. It was sexy, and so very arousing for me. I thought you might have noticed. I mean, it felt like we turned the clock back to our younger days."
"You werereallybig!"
"The whole scene turned me on so much! Besides, haven't you fantasized about other men wanting you? Maybe even being with another man?"
Susan answered, "NO!! No, Edward!
Susan's mind was spinning. Throughout her internal debate about her actions, she could not believe how much, in such a short time, she had changed. And while she definitely had a moment of poor judgment, having no intentions of parading naked out onto a balcony and then having sex before strangers. The problem was, she enjoyed it.
What the hell was wrong with her? A little more than a year ago she would have been appalled at even speaking about such things.
She bit her lip, then added, "Not really."
That pause! What was she thinking? Something was stuck in his wife's head and Edward needed to pry it out.
"You haven't thought about another man, even someone you know -- a friend or a colleague at work, someone other than me? Someone that maybe flirted with you, lusted after you, wanting you so bad, sexually?"
Susan remained silent, looking straight ahead. But her chest nervously rose and fell, her breathing erratic.
"Well, I have," Edward professed.
"You have?"
Edward leaned in and responded, "Well, I enjoy making you happy; it's totally about your pleasure. I want to see you satisfied and more fulfilled, sexually that is, than you've been. I want to see you again unleash your sensual side, like you did on the balcony, and experience unrestrained carnal pleasure."
Susan paused. She recalled previous discussions with her husband, including that night in the hot tub. She had doubts about her husband's sincerity. She could not understand how any man would allow let alone want his wife to have sex with another man. But there was no doubt, she could tell from the heated sex on the balcony that her husband was particularly aroused in that scenario.
"But with another man? You would actually enjoy me being with another man? Things are happening so fast. I'm still trying to understand what came over me on the balcony, let alone the fact you fantasize about me having sex with another man. I need time to digest all of this."
Edward knew when to stop. He chose not to 'push' her further. He sat back to let his wife work through her thoughts and emotions. He wondered if Susan had reached her 'limit' in her bawdy odyssey. After the morning-sex-on-the-balcony, while he hoped for more, he did not want to appear greedy.
As Susan contemplated, she had to admit, although encouraged by her husband, having the freedom to explore and indulge in her deepest desires, to be the womanshedesired felt exhilarating. She loved it!
In fact, having her husband and other men lusting after her gave her a sense of 'power' in the relationship. She enjoyed the euphoria, and her confidence spiked.
***********
As had become their thing, Edward and Susan took a couple very long walks along beach each day. And in the past, they typically encountered at least a couple women walking topless along the beach. But today, much to Edward's disappointment, they encountered no 'inspiration' for Susan to remove her top.
Stan and Janet showed up and stopped to chat. Stan's eyes nearly popped out of his head as he saw Susan in her red bikini. It was far different than Janet's somewhat matronly one-piece.
The two couples decided to move to the pool. As was typical in a resort such as this, they met and had conversations with other couples while hanging at the pool bar. Edward noted that most of the people they were meeting were couples from the USA, whereas in the past there were more Europeans. Thus, the explanation for seeing no women topless.
Although she still tried to deny it, Susan finally realized that other guys were noticing her. She saw how Stan and other guys were looking at her, and how they were treating her. And in her red bikini, they seemed more helpful, hung around more, and vied for her attention. She smiled internally, satisfied and relished her growing self-confidence. It made her feel good, and rejuvenated.
Meanwhile, Edward enjoyed watching his wife's interaction with others. There was no doubting how much more comfortable she was getting.
***********
After a great beach day and a nice time partying at the pool and pool bar, they returned to their room to rest, shower, and get ready to go out for the night. After showering and toweling off, Edward watched as Susan applied a moisturizer lotion all over her legs and chest. He loved watching his wife get ready for a hot night out -- it was his foreplay.
Then he watched as Susan put on her make-up, blew dry and then styled her hair, all while walking about the room naked. She really looked amazing.
He smiled proudly having such a beautiful wife who took care of her body. Susan's tits were firm and did not sag at all. Her rosy pink quarter-sized nipples were set against flawlessly smooth creamy white skin. Susan's bush, trimmed to a pencil-thin 'landing strip', per his request, made her look even sexier.
Edward watched his wife slide on a pair of mid-height strappy heels and then walk across the room to her suitcase. He admired her body as she confidently walked around naked, but for her heels. The magic and the beauty of high heels is how they accentuated his wife's legs and ass. And does it get any sexier than a beautiful woman wearing nothing but a pair of high heels?
Next he watched as she pulled on black lacy see-thru thong panties."Where did these pieces come from?"he asked himself.
"Nice underwear, Honey! That thong looks so hot on you! And I love that they are lace and see-through!"
Edward was delighted that these pieces were recent purchases by Susan, with no urging or begging on his part.
Susan smiled at her husband's complement. But she was not used to wearing underwear like this. The thong panties were just a string on the sides and back, with a tiny little sheer triangle of lace in the front. As she adjusted them, she did not remember them being that small.
Besides being very see-thru, the small triangle of material barely covered her vulva in the front. And with just a string running front to back, she knew that she would basically be naked. Strangely, the thought thrilled her.
She contemplated wearing the matching sheer lace strapless bra beneath the dress, but the dress she planned to wear was simply not conducive to wearing a bra. Plus, after the long day at the beach, she did not want to wear anything else confining.
Edward watched as Susan slipped on a slinky black slip dress, very much aware that she decided to forego a bra. The short dress, falling a few inches above the knee, had spaghetti strap that showed off her sexy shoulders and back.
"You look great honey!" Edward was damned proud of, and couldn't wait to be seen with, this sexy woman!
"Thanks," Susan responded warily.
Susan wanted nothing more than to make her husband happy. And looking herself over in the mirror, the satin black dress hugged her body like a second skin, leaving little to the imagination. The distinct outline of her nipples was clear.
She turned. The dress hugged the curves of her ass. She did look sexy. But was it too slutty for a woman approaching 50?
She bent over a little at the waist to see if anyone could see her panties. It seemed okay, but could she do this? She hesitated.
Seeing his wife looking at herself in the mirror tentatively, Edward wanted to reinforce her confidence. "Let me say it differently...I mean you look really hot! I am a very lucky guy!"
She knew he wanted her to dress to tease, and while on holiday she was willing to stretch her conservative boundaries, even if it was something she was uncomfortable with. It was the primary reason she had purchased this new dress. She convinced herself to just go for it. She was willing to do this for her husband, knowing he would enjoy it.
*************
Edward always found himself incredibly aroused when his wife wore provocative clothes. And if he were to be honest with himself, he was becoming consumed by seeing his wife transformed into a sexy vixen, one that he loved to show off, and a woman that other men lusted after.
He knew Susan used to have a slight exhibitionistic streak in her when she was younger; and that's what attracted him to her. But since having children, she naturally wanted to be careful about her reputation. Even when they were away from kids, she always defaulted to outside opinions of what's 'normal' or 'natural'.
Susan knew of her husband's particular fetish; he had admitted it many times. Her wardrobe expanded as Edward 'surprised' her with new lingerie - lacy push-up bras and panties, thigh high stockings and garters, and racy teddies. Her shoe collection expanded with sexy strappy high heels and boots. And dresses and skirts that were shorter than she would usually wear made it into her closet.
But she was typically not the type of girl to parade around and tease anybody. Although the idea of her dressing and acting 'slutty' made her uncomfortable, Susan was willing to try, within reason, to help get their relationship back on track, and only because she loved him so much.
Although she couldn't understand this particular proclivity, when she did wear her new wardrobe, she could not deny his renewed vigor. Her husband became more interested in her, and sex became more frequent - and much hotter.
*************
Susan looked up from applying her make-up and smiled, "Ahhh, that's sweet. Maybe you'll get lucky later!" So are you sure you are okay with me going out like this? I mean, the dress is very short!" Susan spun around in front of the large mirror.
"Honey, you look great...very sexy. You should certainly expect to get the attention of the males tonight. Turn around again, let me see your ass."
Susan turned and with her ass facing Edward gave her hips a little wiggle while looking back over her shoulder at him. She knew Edward loved the over the shoulder look.
"Do you like my panties?" She pulled her up dress slowly until the sheer lacy panties were visible.
"I love them!"
Susan had a coy look about her. She thought about the conversation she had with Edward several weeks before this holiday. He cajoled her into wearing more provocative clothes, to tease him and other men, and to be more 'open' to flirting. And then, thinking back to their last year's holiday, she started feeling aroused at the potential for a repeat performance.
"I'm not sure. Can you see any panty lines?" Bending over keeping her legs straight with her ass inches from Edward's face, she looked at her husband.
Susan did not know what came over her. She really did not give it much thought really. It was such an impulsive move."Maybe this is how THOSE women act,"she thought, referring to some of the ladies she saw in the past. Whatever it was...she felt great.
Edward was mesmerized watching his wife. Her actions were so seductive, and so unlike her. He instinctively reached out to grab her ass and pull her closer when she spun away and scolded him saying, "No! You cannot touch...not yet anyway!"
The move temporarily stunned Edward. "Ummm...okay!" he stammered.
"This is your last opportunity to tell me not to go out like this. You sure you want me to go out dressed like this?" Susan asked coyly. "You know with this short dress, I may be showing more than intended."
Edward swallowed hard. He felt his body responding instinctively, an ever-growing bulge pushing against his trousers. "This is good. This isreallygood. Do not change!" Edward pleaded. "We don't know anybody here and if someone did get a glimpse of your ass or up your dress, trust me, it will be appreciated!"
Susan took a deep breath. "Okay! Let's do this!" She grabbed her little purse, checked herself in the large mirror and said, "So, let's go then." She left the room without looking back, her heart beating wildly in her chest.
Edward jumped up. He couldn't wait to walk around with his beautiful, sexy wife on his arm. It was like making a statement: 'See this beautiful woman? You can look, but she is with me and will be coming home to me tonight!'
***********
They walked to the Lobby Bar to have a couple of drinks before dinner. The Lobby Bar was the place where people gathered to hang out or to meet up with others. The Lobby was bustling with people. Edward beamed, as he knew this was the perfect place to show off his wife.
Susan walked nervously across the lobby hand-in-hand with her husband. But now, instead of anxiety or embarrassment, she felt sexy. She felt as if every set of eyes was upon her and she particularly noticed more than one head turning as they passed.
Strangely, she found it invigorating to push her conservative boundaries and experienced a wave of confidence wearing something in public she considered risqué. And there was something empowering about walking into a room full of people and being the only one, besides her husband, who knew she was wearing only a sexy shear lace string thong under her dress. She felt naughty.
Suddenly she had those same odd feelings that she had last year at this same resort -- a desire to explore her femininity further.
They selected a table about 20 feet from the busy bar. Edward pulled out a chair and held it as Susan sat down. He noticed that Susan's short black dress rode far up her thighs. His heart sped up knowing that his once modest wife would no doubt be showing a lot of leg in this dress. He wondered if anyone noticed, or got a glimpse up those legs.
Susan quickly crossed her legs as Edward went to the bar to get drinks. She looked around. She had no idea what she should do next, or exactly how to go about 'teasing.' Yet there was no mistaking - sitting in the Lobby, although dressed as she was, SHE was the one that was in control. If anything were to happen, it would be becauseshemade it happen.
With drinks in hand, Edward turned around and walking back, admired how sexy his wife looked sitting there in the middle of the Lobby lounge in that dress.
"You look sooo sexxxy sitting here!" Edward said excitedly as he handed Susan her drink, but remained focused on his wife's tanned legs and sexy strappy heels.
"Ahh, thank you sweetie!"
As her husband handed her the drink, Susan noticed his hand shaking."Why would he be nervous,"she thought? She was the one showing way more skin than ever in this thin body-hugging dress. It washisidea,hisurging, in the first place for her to dress to tease and openly flaunt her body.
"So you like my new dress?"
"Absolutely! You look stunning in it."
"Do you like my new heels?" Susan knew Edward loved her in heels. She bounced her heeled foot tantalizingly in front of her husband. She was certainly getting better at this.
Edward watched as Susan uncrossed her legs and stretched out one leg twisting her foot to show off her heels.
"Do you like the way these heels look on my feet?"
He did love the way her feet and legs looked in those heels! As his eyes moved up her leg, he noticed her knees were parted and he caught a glimpse of Susan's panties. He could almost see her pussy slit through the thin fabric; they were so very sheer.
"Wow! I love those shoes!! And I love how you are teasing me right now!!!"
Susan felt completely in charge; and Edward felt amazingly proud of her and was getting more and more turned on as the night progressed.
After a second drink, Susan teased, "Is this too much? Remember, I asked you if you would be upset if I go out wearing this short, thin dress. So it should not be any surprise that, despite my best efforts, I may occasionally be showing a lot more. Like this..."
With those words, Susan nonchalantly turned her head to look behind her, which at the same time naturally caused her legs to spread wider.
Edward mumbled his appreciation in a low tone heard only by him. As Susan turned back to Edward, she lifted her leg to place her foot on the short cocktail table to fix the strap on her shoe. Yet, she did it in a way that could still be construed as 'accidental' and not 'intentional' exposure. Susan was quickly becoming an expert in teasing.
She caught him looking between her legs. She felt herself getting wet, and she knew her diaphanous panties would no doubt become even more see-through.
"Enjoy the view?"
"You know I'm loving this! You are acting so fuckin' sexy Susan!" Edward wanted to make it clear he was enjoying the tease. "It's a shame other guys won't have the pleasure to enjoy this as much as I am." He also wanted to give her the 'green light' to take it further, if she was so inclined.
Although she would not admit it to her husband, Susan was actually pleased that her husband liked to show her off. She remembered the time, last year, when Edward persuaded her to go topless on the crowded public beach of this same resort. She was reluctant, but ultimately gave in to please him. It felt awkward initially. But gradually, Susan soon realized how liberated and empowered she felt. And she had to admit; the appreciative looks of other men made her feel appreciated, desired, and...sexy.
Perhaps feeling the effects of her second cocktail, she decided to elevate her teasing. "I'm having trouble with this strap. It just doesn't feel right," Susan lamented, feigning a problem. As she leaned forward, her legs fell further apart. In this position, her outer lips opened wide. She gasped as she felt her tiny panties being sucked into her pussy.
Edward gasped as well. He could see her outer lips swollen and moist as they swallowed the thin sheer fabric. It was almost as if she wasn't wearing panties at all. Her perfectly trimmed 'landing strip' was clearly visible above her pussy lips.
"Oh my! You are making my cock chub up!" Edward leaned in and whispered as he repositioned his pants to allow his ever-growing cock to move down his pants leg. He glanced around. "Do you think anyone else is catching this; seeing what I am seeing?"
Susan looked up and noticed three men and a bartender looking towards her. She noticed a couple of double takes. Are they watching her? Did they see anything? She instinctively slammed her legs closed, embarrassed by her self-made wardrobe malfunction.
"Well...your wish may be coming true! Seems I may have unintentionally flashed several men at the bar!"
Knowing other men devoted attention to his wife was something of an ego boost and, without question, a huge turn on. Edward wanted to turn to see the guys that were lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time. He wanted to give them a nod that he knew, and that it was okay to enjoy the view.
But he chose caution instead, and let Susan control her show.
She finished 'fixing' her strap, and put her feet back on the ground. She fidgeted.
"You okay?" asked Edward.
"It's just that...well...this thong got really uncomfortable all of a sudden. It seems like the material is wadded between my lips and pulled tight like it is, the string feels like it is splitting me in two, starting at my vagina to my ass."
Edward leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "Then why don't you to take them off?"
Susan looked at her husband grinning at her -- challenging her. She couldn't! There was no way she could do such a thing in such a short, thin dress! Or could she? It would be so naughty, so wanton!
She stood up and started walking to the ladies room. Confused thoughts pulsed through her mind. On one shoulder was a devilish wanton character dressed in a black corset, fishnet stockings, and high heels. And on the other shoulder, was an angelic character dressed in a white robe, each trying to exert its influence over her thinking and actions.
She looked back. Her husband had a look of surprise and anticipation. The 'devil' urged her to dump her typical puritanical thinking and live her life to the fullest. Meanwhile, the 'angel' reminded her of her values and upbringing.
"He doesn't think I will,"she thought, now challenging herself. What would she do? The feelings of arousal grew, and Susan knew this was a dangerous game she was about to play. She turned the corner and in the hallway, just out of sight of the bar, she reached under her dress, and pulled her panties down.
She saw her vision in one of the hallway mirrors. She barely recognized the woman looking back at her. The woman in the mirror, dressed with the suggestion of sex in a figure-fitting dress, holding a tiny pair of damp thong panties, was the opposite of everything she had been.
Yet why was she breathing heavily and why were her cheeks flushed? She could not answer those questions, but what she could not deny...her body was on fire. She turned and realized she did not fully consider the shortness of her dress. If she bent over at the waist, even a little, you would no doubt see her ass cheeks clearly from behind. Could she do this? She hesitated.
But then she started feeling aroused, thinking about her husband looking at her. Thinking about other men looking at her. She turned the corner walked to her husband, her heart beating wildly in her chest.
The lobby was even more crowded than earlier. In her recent past, she would have preferred to fade into the background, unnoticed. But not now. She strode towards her husband, walking upright, her chest out, with confidence. With each step, she was another step further from her recent conservative boundaries.
As she walked, she felt a small thrill run through her as the men in the crowd parted before her allowing her to pass easily. The thought of being totally bare underneath her dress made her smile mischievously. And there was something empowering about walking into a room full of people and being the only one who knew she was completely bare underneath. She felt naughty.
With a surprised and enthralled look, Edward watched as his wife walked to him. She looked incredible! She looked sexy! And the distinctive click-clack of a sexy woman walking in heels, caused more than one head to turn as she passed. He was grateful to watch her from a distance, and to watch the reactions of several men.
Before sitting down, she placed something in his hands. Edward opened his hand and looked at a tiny thong, damp from his wife's essence.
Susan's smirked at her brazen move as she sat down. By the look on her husband's face, he definitely was not prepared for this. She smiled proudly at her husband, who was fumbling with her thong, holding it like a precious gift, and examining it closely.
She looked beyond his shoulders towards others at the Lobby Bar. The same guys and the bartender had watched her walk across the lobby -- and she still had their attention. Blushing at the men's salacious scrutiny, Susan wondered if she had made a mistake removing her panties. But as they continued looking at her, she soon found that having the outright attention from the men at the bar was an unusual, yet exhilarating, feeling.
She looked down; the hem on her black dress had ridden up once again exposing much of her thighs. Daringly, she kept her legs parted facing Edward, and the men at the bar. This time it did not seem so accidental. And with their gazes centered on her knee, which was fidgeting just slightly, she knew she had their attention. She felt her body heating up, their persistent stares making her nervous but her body tingly as the 'devil' on her shoulder coerced her towards more mischievous behavior.
Edward watched as, amazingly, Susan smiled at her voyeurs giving them the assurance that she knew they were looking. Then looking right at them, she crossed her legs, then uncrossed and opened wide, before crossing them again. The move would have made Sharon Stone proud.
Edward could not believe this. His typically conservative wife was becoming a real cock tease! He loved every minute of this. And further, he was convinced more than ever that Susan was enjoying teasing.
He looked down. His cock had snaked down his pants leg. A large wet spot was visible from his precum.
The bar and the surrounding area were crowded with people coming to order drinks, some hanging around the bar, and others seated at the nearby tables. It wasthegathering spot before and after dinner. Edward knew others could likely see what he was seeing. He enjoyed his wife temporarily freeing herself from the bonds of being the proper wife and good mom of home life and allowing herself to fully become the sexy woman she really was, and while having fun doing it.
Meanwhile, nervousness enveloped Susan. But this was different - it was more of a nervous thrill. She felt that familiar tingling deep down in her sex. Why did she derive so much excitement from the brazen act of teasing other men, beside her husband?
Yet she could not deny, she found that she liked it. She liked the attention. She liked that she could sort of control men. And she liked that they appreciated her. After all, what woman does not want to be appreciated by men, even lusted over?
"This is actually fun!"she thought. Not only did she have her husband under her control, but she had those guys at the bar engaged as well. In this male-dominated culture, she was quickly realizing the power of female exhibitionism. The 'angel' on her shoulder frowned and the 'devil' smirked with satisfaction on 'winning' another round.
Just then, Stan and Janet appeared and came over to say hello. They met Stan and Janet the day before during check-in. Susan's knees slammed closed. The 'angel' nodded appreciatively.
"The show is over,"Edward convinced himself."What crappy timing."He stuffed his wife's panties into his pocket.
"Why don't you join us at our table? Sit, lets have a drink," offered Susan, trying to collect her thoughts and reset her mindset.
Stan chose a chair next to Edward and directly across from Susan. Janet sat next to Susan. They ordered drinks and Edward thought for sure the night that began so promisingly was about to fizzle. They chatted for about 15 minutes and then Janet reminded Stan they needed to leave soon if they were going to make their dinner reservations.
As Stan finished his drink, he leaned forward to set the glass on the low table. Susan could no longer hold back. Susan felt an urge, and her pussy nearly ached from the thought of it. The 'devil' smiled and nodded knowingly.
Edward watched as Susan uncrossed her legs, partially parted them, and then re-crossed them. Stan froze momentarily, staring for a few seconds, clearly weighing something internally. It was almost comical -- as if someone hit the man's 'pause' button.
Then Edward watched as Stan's eyes moved bashfully from staring at Susan's legs and up her dress to her eyes. It appeared he wanted to look, but not be rude and certainly did not want to get "caught" - either by Susan or his wife Janet. Fortunately for Stan, his wife and Susan appeared to be temporarily distracted and carried on about the snorkeling excursion they had earlier.
By this time, Susan's dress had ridden even higher up her thighs. And in Stan's position, Edward knew he had the best view of her legs. He could only imagine the view that he had. How much of his wife's pussy on display in front of him?
As Susan feigned listening to Janet's story about a large barracuda they saw while snorkeling, Edward watched Stan's eyes move back to Susan's legs. He saw Susan uncross her legs again. But she did not re-cross them. Her knees were parted slightly allowing another potential opening for Stan. Edward knew Stan had the prime view up his wife's dress. He simply didn't know how much he could see.
Stan leaned back in his chair. His focus once again moved down to the area between Susan's legs; but this time, he did not try to be as covert.
Meanwhile, Susan was acutely aware that the hem on her dress had ridden up her thigh. She could feel the eyes of the man examining every bit of her exposure. Yet, she did nothing to fix her revealing pose. She was simply not finished with Stan yet.
More than a little nervous, her resistance crumbled and her leg that she was holding tight swung open. Letting random strangers look up her dress with her skimpy see-thru panties was one thing, but now she had nothing on at all! The 'devil' on her shoulder raised both hands in victory.
Susan could barely follow the conversation as she glanced over to see Stan's eyes devouring her; his mouth gaped. Whereas on the beach and at the pool, he had been subtler, his looks now were blatantly obvious. And by the look on his face, he definitely was enjoying the view. She felt devilish as his gaze remained on his target; her glorious slit between her legs.
Susan felt so confident and self-assured, yet so naughty, having a man so close trying his hardest to watch her. And this was not an innocent flash to a stranger. For the first time ever, Susan was directly and knowingly teasing a guy she knew, albeit only for a couple days. She was bolder than ever!
Edward could only imagine the view that their new friend had. Was his wife's pussy completely on display in front of him?
Edward watched as Stan looked up at Susan. He watched as his wife brought her finger to her pursed lips teasingly while looking directly at Stan."Shit! Did Susan just acknowledge that she knew he was looking?"Edward's cock started growing again. He wondered why was he so turned on by his wife flashing her pussy to this relative stranger.
As Janet finally finished her story, she looked around and found both men nervously looking at each other while Susan pulled the hem of her dress down. Seemed everyone but Janet knew what was going on.
They finished their drinks and as the two couples said their good-byes, Edward suggested to Stan and Janet that they meet up at the show after dinner. He wanted to keep this going. He had become so aroused by his wife's outright teasing and wanted to see just how far she would take it. And he wondered howshefelt about it. He wondered if it was turning her on as well.
Stan appeared willing, however Janet dismissed that offer, indicating they needed to have an early night because they were tired from the sun and snorkeling. The couples promised to try to meet up the next day at the beach or pool.
After watching them walk away, Edward turned to his wife excited, surprised, and grateful for her 'performance.' While they had role-played in the friendly confines of the bedroom, Susan had never followed through in public, certainly never like this.
He leaned in to kiss his wife. Susan's lips parted and met him with open mouth. His kiss lingered and he could feel his wife responding. Their tongues danced an erotic dance as Edward opened his mouth to savor his wife's amorous frame of mind.
"Wow, that was so fucking hot! THAT was incredible!" Edward beamed after a long kiss. "That sexy dress and the way you are wearing it... bringing attention to those gorgeous legs...wow! Then watching how you tease Stan!! Thank-you Sweetie! I love you so much!"
"Really? Was I teasing Stan?" Susan's response was sly but playful. "We should probably get going to the restaurant. We wouldn't want to miss our reservation."
Edward looked down at his cock, prominent and aching to be freed.
"Well...okay...but...I'm going to need a minute..."
As her eyes wandered down to Edward's erection, Susan blushed as she realized both the extent and cause of his arousal. She smiled, embarrassed but yet so proud of her performance.
"Maybe we should go back to our room so we can take care of this?" she teased as she reached out and lightly stroked Edward's cock.
"We can order room service."
To be continued...