Started 20 Sept. 2022
Disclaimers and Spoilers
Everyone doing anything is over age 18 * All names were invented on the spot and have no associated reality * Military jargon is best-guess * New Writer, comments appreciated (be gentle!!?)
== PREVIEW SUMMARY ==
Ordinary suburban high school day, suddenly a Giant Floating Head, a hologram, appears and warns everyone that humanity is going to go extinct - global warming plus all the ocean fish dying, and, oh yeah, there's some pandemics coming.
The Giant Floating Head has the pandemic fix. He survived because he's genetically immune. Though he's from another multiverse, YOUR multiverse's version of him is in the high school below him!
Thus, he says, the high school's Kevin has to Get Busy and make lots of kids so so they can figure out a vaccine. So, Good luck! Bye!
Thus starts an epic saga that includes a guy that... sometimes says no? Really? Really.
It's every man's worst nightmare - Every Single Girl in his high school just absolutely has to have a kid with him. Now. lol.
== END OF PREVIEW SUMMARY ==
INTRODUCTION
In the grand scheme of things, my life was utterly uneventful until the Giant Floating Head turned the world upside down.
I think I need to back up a little. Maybe not too much, though, because most of you reading this already know a lot of this since Everybody knows the big bits, and the various memoirs of others near me have added odd perspectives to what I remember happening.
My publisher told me that I'd better be really damned specific about my life, so I'm going to do exactly that, and if you're squeamish about reading about sex, well, what the heck, get over it.
Yeah.
Chapter: Father of all Surprises
So, I was sitting in my English literature class, senior year at Aardmore High School, Clintonville, Illinois (a farther-out Chicago Suburb, population about 30,000), 4th period, 10:44 am on a Monday, October 12th, 1987.
I'd turned 18 about two weeks before, and had a little party then, but life was going pretty well. At least, it had been. I had stuff to do, friends, I was in clubs - was in band and cross country, the normal stuff.
About 10 minutes into the class period, a voice BOOMS in from outside. It was so beyond loud it shook everything, almost deafening all of us in the room. We were all holding our ears and it was _still_ painfully loud.
It sounded like it was coming through the roof of the school, even more than through the windows, but it didn't matter, it was Feakin' Loud!
Some of the girls screamed, we all ducked like there was something coming at us, but of course we knew it was a super-amplified voice, so we jumped up and looked out the window. Our windows mostly looked out at another building, but we could look up far enough to see parts of the face from underneath.
The Face. Right - gotta describe that. It was obviously a projection, a 3-D hologram or whatever, since I could see clouds behind it and beyond that, blue sky. It wasn't a projection onto the clouds, it was lower than that.
Everyone started talking and dragging desks, but it didn't matter, the overpowering volume meant we just had to wait and watch.
Listening was going to happen regardless of us not wanting to! Did I mention it being loud?!?
Our view was kind of up the chin and looking up the nose, almost, but it was dark up there so we couldn't see anything besides some hairs.
I guessed then that almost everyone has some hairs in their nose, whether they admit it or not. At least, I think so, I haven't done a survey or anything.
The words, well, everyone knows those, but I'll put in a transcript anyway since why not.
The context here is, one, Oh MY GOD it's LOUD!
Secondly, the entire thing was surreal and science-fiction-like. Nobody had ever seen a hologram in real life. Movies tried to imitate them, they existed as a concept, but it wasn't possible yet.
What we saw was LOTS better than the ones in Star Wars or wherever - it was in daylight, and we could see real details on the face, skin bumps, imperfections, even though it was kind of transparent, too.
He Said:
"Attention. Attention, please. Your attention please. If you have a way to turn on a recorder, to preserve an audio or even visual recording of what I'm about to say, the recording is going to be worth precisely your life, or death, so start that now. Yes, I mean it, record me now, it could be that no one believes I was here, so you'll need it later."
He paused for a moment, maybe 5 whole seconds of no sound. We glanced at each other and kept looking up.
"Got it? Good, I'll keep going."
"Hello. My name is Kevin Kooper. That's Doctor Kevin Kooper, or Professor Kevin Kooper if you want. I'm the Hawking Chair of Cambridge University, Department of Practical Physics and Physical Engineering, Oxfordshire, England, United Kingdom."
"If that doesn't make sense to you, fine, don't worry about it. I'm not totally sure if I have the right set of multiverses selected here, I'm pretty sure I do, but if you speak Dutch or Swahili, well, maybe you can get someone to translate. My image should be over a high school, my high school, where I attended as a kid, though really not that one because I'm in a different multiverse shard-range than you are."
"If you're hearing this, I have good news and bad news. I'll try to be quick. The bad news is, the last humans will go extinct on your planet in about 27 years. There's three causes, all reinforcing each other. I've selected universes, multiverse-shards, where humans go extinct, rewound the clock 27 years, and that's who I'm broadcasting to, so it's not an accident you all die."
"Now, that's the bad news. The good news is, it doesn't have to happen, but it's going to take a HUGE effort on your part to prevent it. The 3 causes are as follows; One, runaway greenhouse effect. You're putting too much carbon dioxide into your air. This will melt permafrost in Siberia and Canada and release more methane, and that will melt Antarctica and Greenland ice sheets, and then, ecosystems collapse, no more animals, no more fish, everybody's dead."
"Second reason, pandemics, mostly caused by weakened humanity having dwindling food supplies, so people started eating absolutely everything. Some of those animals have diseases that then combine with your diseases and then you all get sick and die."
"Third, and I can't emphasize this enough, all the fish die. You're killing all the fish in the ocean. It's really damned stupid. You're doing industrial scale murder on everything edible swimming around, letting most of it die, and then returning to port with 10% that you do want to sell."
"Incredibly Stupid!"
"So, you don't want to die? Here's some clues. Pay attention. Photovoltaic cells, that is, pure 99.999% pure silicon - 5 nines - makes voltage when put in sunlight. Make lots of panels full of them, make your electric power from that. To make PV cells, put quartz sand in a sealed container with carbon, heat the fuck out of it, and boom, carbon dioxide - a little - and pure silicon come out. Let it solidify, pull a voltage across the hunk of it, all the ions go to either end, pure silicon in the middle. There's other ways, but that's the simplest. About 100 miles by 100 miles of PV cells will make power for your entire country."
"Next, make LOTS of wind turbines, like 50,000 of them. 100+ meters tall, 3 blades. Store power using lithium iron phosphate batteries, or lithium nickel manganese cobalt oxide, whatever, lots of tech there, save the power for nighttime."
"Absolutely stop, tomorrow morning stop, burning coal, anywhere. Burn methane - CH4 gas - for power if you need to, until you can get the PV and wind going. Gasoline - petrol - stop that. Use battery electric for your cars, no more chemical fuels. Oh, and the nuclear stuff, uranium or thorium reactors, that's so incredibly dangerous and expensive you should already know to stop that."
"Right. That's one. Greenhouse gases. Protect your ecosystems, worldwide. Important there. Make sure everyone, worldwide, knows not to eat wild animals. Get everyone enough food, from farms. Everyone should have their own garden, if they can, and save the seeds from year to year."
"As an aside, it's pretty crucial to put up some colonies in outer space - methane and liquid oxygen rockets, land the rockets, fully reusable, get some self-sufficient colonies out there that are over 1 year travel from Earth. That'll help prevent the spread of disease.
"Third, declare at least half, yes HALF, of all ocean area, all the way to the bottom, to be marine reserves, where fish can grow forever. Never catch or kill anything in an ocean larger than a person. Protect sharks, dolphins, rays, whales, corals, everything. In those areas, add military-level barriers - explosives, net-cutter structures, whatever, make it impossible to catch fish in each of those, say, giant one-eighth of an ocean areas."
"That's all the vital stuff. Do that, you have a chance."
"One more chance. The reason I'm speaking to you, and not someone else. My genetics. In two separate pandemics, all of my kids - and I had 8 of them, I married twice - survived. This is statistically nearly impossible. The genetics of my kids were well studied, and yes, there's something special there. I can't tell you what it is, most of those experts died, but they created a good set of vaccines based on my genetic... my kids' genetic code.
So, my last clue, and if you're him, you're not going to like this, is... There's a kid in Aardmore High School. His name is Kevin Kooper. He's the younger version of me, at least your universe's version. If you want to save humanity, he has to have kids with a lot of different ... girls? Women? Whatever. I guess I'm talking then, to you girls in that high school, anyone over, what, legal age in your society? Fifteen? Eighteen? I'm speaking to so many universes, it could be anything where you are. You want to help humanity survive the coming waves of pandemic, and know that only if you have kids with Kevin will those kids live through it. At least, my universe, yours could be different. Maybe. So, Kevin, girls, like, right now, get Busy, if you know what I mean. Yesterday. As soon as possible, make lots of kids. Scientists will need time to sequence the DNA of everyone, of Kevin, of his kids, your kids, to find a vaccine that will save billions. At least, it barely worked in my reality. It was a close thing. All humans almost died."
"I can't guarantee results. Your universe may not have humans in it 27 years from now. Or, it may, with those humans on other planets, living in lush green happy cities in harmony with nature, and even eating fish from oceans that have been allowed to repopulate themselves. Ours haven't quite gotten that far back, it's still a crime here to have or eat wild fish."
"That's it, people. Stop burning coal, oil, methane, anything carbon based. Thorium nuclear reactors are safer, build those if you must, but only short-term. It's far better to make insane-huge amounts of PV panels and wind turbines."
"You won't need that military hardware. Militaries just waste resources to fight over pieces of a pie that's turning into to shit, and in the end, even the kings of the hill can't survive."
"What you need is infrastructure that can resist monster hurricanes and ensure people have outbuilding-barns for their livestock - NOT live under the same roof as them. Never live with livestock in one house. Ever. Not during monsoon season, Just. Not. Ever. Diseases spread that way. Bad shit. Don't."
"Kevin, I'm sorry to do this to you. I'm not you, you're not me, we just share the same genetics and in a set of possible timelines, you become me maybe in some of them, and then maybe you'll save other sets of universes just like I'm doing? Maybe. You never know."
"Peace be with you, humans. Stop your wars, you're about to get schooled on what real desolation looks like, and it's worse than anything you do to each other. There's no silence like the permanent silence of an extinction."
"That's all. I hope you survive, it's not assured, but now that you know this, it might be more likely."
"Dr. Kevin Kooper, out."
Running Around
Well, that was the transcript. At the time? At the mention of me, I went kind of numb. It couldn't be. This guy was me? The guy I was looking up the nose of?
I knew this wasn't a trick. October of 1987 didn't have holograms. We didn't have a lot of things. We certainly didn't have giant floating heads spouting off about how all humans were going to die.
Until... we did have that.
The floating head disappeared into thin air, like it was a TV picture being turned off - some distortion as it faded - but that was that, and the class mostly turned around and faced me.
Maybe 10 or 20 seconds later, the door flew open and the principal and the school security guard burst in.
I held up my hands in both confusion and innocence. "I didn't do it! I have no idea what's going on!"
A couple of people I knew said some things like, "It's true, he was just standing here." and all that, but I think wisely in retrospect, Mr. Connors and Alice (the security guard) motioned for me to follow them. "Safer in the front office."
To Mrs. Little (the teacher), Mr. Connors said, "Keep them in class. Have them sit and write down silently everything they observed. Every - little - thing. Details. What it said, what it looked like, what they thought of, what it seemed to imply, everything. Then, everything they know about Kevin here. Everything he's ever said, done, all of it. Not faulting you, Kevin, just good... I have a feeling some people will be here to ask questions, and it'd be good to have this down, somewhere."
I left with Mr. Connors. We jogged down hallways back to the office, where Mr. Connors got the P.A. microphone and I heard it echo all across the school.
"Attention, this is Principal Connors. Please remain in your classrooms for the moment. If anyone has a recording of that, please bring it to the office. Everyone else, please sit back down, whatever class you're in, and write down everything you remember about what just happened. Also, separately, everything you know or remember about Kevin Kooper - every interaction you've had, or seen, or heard about. Kevin should be presumed innocent here, we just need to know everything you know about him. Kevin, is this okay?"
He held up the mike to me, and I said, "Yeah, sure, I guess. No worries, just... Yeah, it's okay, I'm sooooo confused." My voice echoed from a speaker outside the office.
Some police cars had pulled up and cops were going around.
"After at least 40 minutes of writing, classes are dismissed for the day. At that point, turn in your papers to your teachers. Teachers, please bring them to the office asap after that. That is all."
I could see more and more police cars pulling into the street the school was on, blocking off traffic. Cops getting out were getting long shotguns out of their trunks, and I wondered what else was going on.
Of course, did anything else need to happen besides a giant floating head predicting the extinction of mankind?
That's kind of a full day, right there!
Pretty fast, a guy in a suit came running up towards the front of the building, pointing at cops and telling them obviously to face both towards and away from the building, be ready for anything.
As he came in, then into the office, he was out of breath, "Principal?"
"Bill Connors."
"Clintonville Police Chief Harris, John Harris. Call me Chief. What happened that we didn't see from blocks away?"
"Nothing. Voice was really loud in here, and we could look up and see the guy's head."
He motioned to me, "Is this Kevin?"
I said, "Sir, yeah, that's me." I think my face reflected my fear.
He shook his head, "Heck of a thing." He paused for a moment, "Any clue this was coming? Anything at all? Anything odd in your life lately?"
I searched my mind. Nothing came up. "I... No? I'm... just sitting there in class, and ... this happens. Everyone was looking at me. I have no idea what's going on."
Looking at the principal, the Chief said, "Get his parents in here, like, right now. Or... No, tell me where they are, we'll have a police escort. Get them to ... the police station. I'll take him there now, it... might be safer."
The secretary, an older lady, said, "From what? Safer from what?"
The Chief shook his head, "I have no idea. It's just, at the station, I have... resources. Here, I don't know what's up. Anything else going on? Normal day, or not? Odd?"
Connors said, "Nothing at all. Utterly normal day."
"What's your plan?"
"I'm having every class, every person, write out everything they've noticed about this event - what was said, what they thought, everything. Plus, everything they know about Kevin. Figure it might be useful later. This seems historic, and... well..."
"Damned smart idea. Can you make photocopies and get them to us? Save us getting statements from all the students, and - parents might not let us."
They talked for maybe 20 more minutes, during which time the chief kept getting pinged on his radio that various intersections had been closed off, and there were anxious parents waiting for their kids to come out.
Connors got confirmation that there was nothing in the sky around us, but that was soon changed when we heard some fast-moving jets fly by us, and then helicopters a few minutes later.
One of them landed in the ball field opposite the front of the building. It was big, a transport helicopter of some kind, it said 'US NAVY" on the side.
Maybe 10 guys piled out, with flak jackets that said 'MP' or 'POLICE' on them, and carrying machine guns. They ran for the front of the building, right towards us, fast. Most of them were scanning to the side, looking out for other threats, I figured.
They got to us pretty quickly, but then spread out right near the front door. Two took positions just inside the entranceway aimed towards the building, two more came through he doors and ignored us, positioned by the hallway corners with guns aimed at the ceiling but alert.
The ones that didn't come in, I looked back to see they were behind the entranceway's concrete supporting structure, like railings that end in a platform that could hold a statue but didn't. They made the building look important, sort of, but I could see they were almost like a military fortification, to those guys.
Some of the last off the helicopter had run over to the cops, crouching by their cars, and were busy scanning the environment - the sky, the street around us, everything.
I'd missed some of them, he'd ducked around entrance-way, but then came up the stairs, in the doors like he owned the place, trailed by another guy who was obviously the assistant. His question was direct. He asked, "Who are you?"
"Bill Connors, I'm the principal. This is Police Chief Harris."
They shook hands.
He looked at the secretary, and then me. "This Mr. Kooper, Kevin Kooper?"
I nodded but the secretary said, "Yes, he is," before the other guys could. I liked her for that. It seemed like she was on my side, just with that. I was feeling really scared right then. I had no idea, well, anymore than anyone else did right then, what was going to happen.
"School is locked down?"
Connors said, "Locked? We've told the kids to stay in their classrooms for now, we didn't know if it would be safer inside or out, so I decided inside was better."
The Navy guys spoke into his radio, a terse sentence I didn't hear, and the helicopter (kind of loud even inside) spooled up and took off.
The Navy guy looked at the police chief and said, "We have ground transport inbound. I have national command authority to take custody of Mr. Kooper. Objecting is kind of pointless, but if you want to, I'll listen."
Chief Harris said, "No problem. As soon as you're gone, we'll collect statements and then dismiss everyone to their parents."
Looking at the secretary, he gave what were unequivocally orders. "Have every classroom do attendance on a sign-up sheet, real names, who is where, seating chart. Lots of details. Kids have to leave their bags in place, walk out empty handed. Girls can have a wallet or money only, no big purses."
The secretary started writing, probably what she was going to say.
More radio, and they decided it would be okay after I was taken away.
About 10 minutes later, a bunch of big black SUV's pulled up with police lights going on the insides, unmarked cars but with police lights. I'd never seen an unmarked Chevy Suburban before, it was kind of funny. I wondered if they had unmarked Jeep Cherokees and unmarked shitbox Datsun pickups, too.
Funny things occur to you.
Did the military have those over-roof light bars with smiley-face KC Daylighters on them? As in, 'Hello, this is a happy-fun-jeep, we have a.50-cal and grenades! Have a nice day!'
Looking closer at one of the Suburbans, I could see one had front-end damage, obviously he'd crashed into something, and I figured it was probably another car that didn't get out of the way fast enough, it made me smile again. Then, of course, a moment later, I realized I was deep in the shit and all this fuss was going to keep happening around me.
My life was over.
A big team of guys in suits got out of the Suburbans. Their suits bulged and looked funny until they got closer and I could see they weren't wearing 3-piece suits, those were bulletproof vests.
They jogged up to the building.
After some words back and forth outside the office, they came in, had me come with them, and we went out to the SUV's.
They put me in the backseat of one, and even as I was getting in, more of SUV's arrived. All of them with 'US NAVY' written on their sides. Some cars on the side streets, I could see, were being ordered to drive onto the grass to get out of the way.
After a minute, an older guy in the backseat next to me handed me what turned out to be a bulletproof vest of my own, with velcro straps to hold it in place. I admired it and as I figured out how to get it on, he said, "Yeah, it gets hot sometimes, but you gotta do what you gotta do."
They had me in the center seat and put a seat belt on me, so getting the vest on wasn't totally easy.
The 'gotta do' aspect of putting on the vest made some sense, I could see that, they were guarding me. They didn't look at me too much, though, mostly their eyes were scanning around us.
I asked the guy where he was from and he said Glenview Naval Air Station, which wasn't really that far off, I just had kind of forgotten about it.
We drove to Glenview and the base was a hive of activity. Everyone had weapons out and were running everywhere they went, like actual running, not just pro-forma jogging. There was a set of armored vehicles across the front of the front gate that they had to move to let us in, and I saw guys on the turrets of those vehicles, helmets and headsets on, looking like they were ready for war.
In Chicago.
Riiiiiiight.
On the other hand, it made sense just as much as anything else made sense that morning, so yeah, what the hell, sure.
We drove well into the base, to a big concrete building. It was surrounded by the new kind of military jeeps, humm-vee's, they called them, but again with giant machine guns on the top.
Piling out, they walked around the outside of me like I was something valuable, and we went into the building and downstairs, past a bunch of guards, to a sort of big rec room.
As we walked in, an older man in a dark-blue military uniform and tie with some rank insignia and the nameplate, "Wilkins" walked up to us. "This him?"
They looked at me and I said, "Kevin Kooper, sir."
"Tell me what I need to know."
I was frank and held out my arms, "I don't know anything! I was in class, and this thing, this noise started, and then the guy started talking. I have ... NO idea what's going on!"
Looking at me, he asked, "How old are you, son?"
"Eighteen, sir. Just turned, 3 weeks ago."
"Where are your parents? Family?"
"Dad's probably freaking, he works at ____, purchasing agent. Mom's a Presbyterian minister, at First Pres on Oak. She's gotta be freaking, too..."
One of the aides standing nearby said, "We have the parents sir, just got them, they're inbound, eta 9 minutes. Cap is flying high cover."
Admiral Wilkins, it turned out, walked over to some other people at a phone bank with some big computer screens (this place was a command center long before I got there), and spoke to some people, out of my earshot.
He came back and sighed, like he was starting to relax, "I've got to call the Joint Chiefs. Kevin? Good to meet you..." He shook my hand, the first overtly friendly thing he did. "Johnson? Get Kevin here over there and settled down, and start getting a statement. Start with a life history, I'm gonna get quizzed on that, I need big details first."
Johnson turned out to be a Commander, with some stripes on his shoulder, and he was joined by two guys with badges hanging on their suit jacket pockets that said, 'Special Agent' and 'NCIS', whatever that was. They had notebooks and a tape recorder; we went over to a table in the corner and sat down.
They wanted Every Single Detail, first about my life and family in general, then what I did that morning, anything unusual that happened, no matter how small, in the past week, etc.
My parents showed up, accompanied by some troops with MP armbands, and Mom and Dad gushed and gave me big hugs. They said my older sister, Rachel, was getting picked up in Boston but kept in that city so all of us weren't in the same place at the same time.
The military had odd ideas of safety, I thought.
Still, it made sense. If my genetics were so damned important, maybe my sisters would be too, if anything happened to me, or my parents, or all of us.
They took my parents off, separately, after introducing them to the Admiral, and told us they'd be asking lots and lots of questions.
Some other big group of guys showed up, more NCIS people. I asked about that, curious, and they said it meant Naval Criminal Investigative Service, sorta Navy detective-cops. I thought that was kind of cool, that the Navy had their own 'detectives', but they said the Army and Air Force had their own, too. They seemed pretty nice, but very serious about getting questions answered, concise but complete.
The new guys took over, got notes from the first ones, and took me to a room down the hall to start all over. I had to laugh, this was exactly like the cop shows.
The guys sat me down at a table and turned on some video equipment and two different tape recorders. The older guy spoke first. He seemed nice enough, but seriously worried about something, and I hoped it wasn't me.
"Kevin. Here's what's going to happen. We're going to ask you a whole bunch of questions, like, describe your entire life, recent stuff first. Then, we'll ask you again, and you'll tell us the same stuff all over again, maybe with slightly more or different details, if you can. Then, we give you some water or pop or something, and we do it all again. Then, we compare notes with what your parents and sister say, and we come up with questions where your answers are different. Make sense?"
It did make sense, I guessed. "Uh, yeah?"
"Good. We're not trying to accuse you of anything, but any clue we have about you, might give us a clue about this guy. So, we need to be complete, but especially if you had an interest in something. Now, I gotta tell you, if you've done something marginally, or even actually illegal? We Absolutely Do Not Care. It's Fine, Just Fine. We really, really want any clues about this other guy, and you're the only person we can ask."
I shrugged okay.
"Start with this morning, describe every tiny little thing you did starting when you woke up...."
I told him. Them, really, I told them everything. Absolutely everything I knew about me - I told them, and then I backed up to the previous month, the previous year, etc. Somebody dropped off a copy of our high school yearbook, and they asked me to name all the people I knew, etc.
They wanted to know which girls had EVER looked interesting to me, who I'd even vaguely thought about dating, who my friends were dating, everything. Even my junior high stuff, they wanted to know who I'd been friends with as a kid, played with, met at parties, which parties, who held them, who was there, what did we do... WOW, everything!
We kept going for maybe 4 hours? It was hard to know.
Eventually, we took a break and I came back out into the main room and met up with my parents again, sitting around a conference table. We didn't have long to chat, though.
The Admiral came over and sat at the head, laying out a file folder with some computer printouts.
"Kevin, Sir, Ma'am, we've got a picture built up now of who you are, we think, who Rachel [my sister] is, too, and reasonable biographies of most of the kids in your school, plus the teachers and administrative staff. Even the janitors and cooks. We know a lot about everyone. And, none of it says 'national security threat' to us."
I almost said, "Duh!" out loud, but I held my tongue.
"That said, we're still in the early hours of this thing. We'll have forensics teams going over the scene for a week at least. I'm obliged to tell you you're being held with us for two reasons, and you may already know one of them."
My dad said, "Material witness warrant, Mr. Barrons said."
"Correct. You're material witnesses to about 20 Federal crimes."
I asked, "What crimes?" My mother interrupted my question to ask, "When can we go home, then?"
Admiral said, "Under a FISA warrant, your house and all its contents have been seized and are currently being cataloged and analyzed. Your house is probably mostly empty by now, Mrs. Kooper, it's being reconstructed and cataloged here on base in an empty hangar, and until my investigators say it has no value, it has value, and that value is that i get to tell the President of the United States that I'm doing Everything I Can to find out what happened today."
My parents nodded at that. I did, too. I didn't want to be combative with him.
He continued, "Given the magnitude of the situation, it's unlikely that any of you will ever want to be seen in public again, at least for several years."
We were confused, "What happened?"
"The voice you heard wasn't just coming out of the sky. It was being broadcast on a huge number of AM, FM, Television, shortwave, military frequencies, aviation frequencies, all of them. Not all the broadcasts were simple, though. Some were very strange encodings of the signals, and I have engineers telling me that the radio broadcasts had nearly no sidebands. That is, no harmonics, it's nearly impossible."
Dad asked, "So... Chicago couldn't get FM radio?"
"Worldwide, sir. Worldwide. Not line of sight either. Massive disruption. The entire world knows, at least the ones that speak English, that Kevin is special. That paints a huge target on his back, and on yours because you're his parents, because there's Those Kinds of People out there."
"Oh." We kind of swallowed that.
"The President is going to make a public statement in about 20 minutes, you can listen to it if you like...."
They let us go to the bathroom and get some more food, MRE packets or sandwiches (white bread, yuck) off at a corner table. All the while, a pair of MP's, a guy who looked a couple of years older than me and seriously buff, and a gal who moved with a grace that screamed 'martial arts' or something.
Finally, the address, President Dukakis:
"My fellow Americans. As you may have already heard, this morning at approximately 10:45 am local central time, an immense 50-foot-tall 3-D image of a man's head was projected into the air above the high school in Clintonville, Illinois, near Chicago. Along with that projection, the man's words rang out at high volume for the people around to hear. Further, that image and voice were broadcast on most major radio and TV frequencies in use all around the world."
"We do not have any way to corroborate, to verify, what this man said. There is no known technology on this Earth that can come anywhere close to making that image appear, or broadcasting those radio signals. Therefore, we have to have at least an initial reaction that the broadcast was genuine."
"In light of this, my staff have this morning drafted several executive orders which I immediately signed. They are as follows. One. All coal-fired power plants located in the United States, or under direct control of the United States, are to be turned off, effective immediately. If you are at one of these facilities, please turn off your production after this broadcast concludes. If your company is a large-scale consumer of electrical power, please consider this notice to shut down effective immediately and we'll figure out how to get you back on as soon as we can. If you don't, we can come around and cut your wires manually. I have broad emergency powers to do what I like on this, and I WILL safeguard our country and the world."
"Two. All fishing vessels in U.S. territorial waters should return to their home port immediately. All U.S. flagged vessels are to consider themselves impounded on arrival - secure your ships and come ashore. All vessels of whatever size engaged in, or transporting fish, should release their loads back into the sea immediately and return to port empty. Failure to do this may result in your vessel being permanently seized under eminent domain or military necessity laws."
"Three. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is hereby directed to either mine or contract to begin large scale lithium mining, and refine it to sufficient quality as to be useful in batteries that will be developed to use said ore, as soon as such batteries are developed. Similar Defense Production Act mining shall purchase as much manganese, magnesium, cobalt, copper, and many other minerals deemed necessary to enable electrification of all cars and trucks."
"Four. All U.S. automakers are hereby requested, and will be required by law as soon as suitable legislation is drafted, to cease production of gasoline or diesel powered cars within 2 years. These vehicles should be replaced with electric-motor and lithium-battery variants. This is nonbinding, but the first company that comes out with such vehicles will likely be able to bid to replace all 17 million U.S. postal service and other government agency vehicles."
"Five. NASA is hereby directed to begin research and development work to build fully re-usable rockets. The goal of this program is to place, within 4 years, at least a set of U.S. astronauts on the moon, and within 5 years, on Mars. I've further directed that as soon as practicable, one or more self-sufficient colonies be built at such distances that a minimum of 6 months travel time is normal and expected, as a quarantine buffer."
"Six. The CDC is directed to begin preparations for fighting pandemics, including procurement under the Defense Production Act, of all medical equipment required to effectively detect, halt, slow, or cure such pandemics. Colleges and Universities are hereby requested to encourage students to study disease prevention and cures, to sequence DNA or create equipment and techniques for doing so."
"Seven. The energy department is to immediately begin research and engineering work to build within a year a set of thorium-based nuclear reactors that can operate without human monitoring and in safety regimes so extremely fail-safe that we can be assured that 3 mile island type situations cannot ever occur with them. These will be short-term solutions and they will be safely decommissioned as soon as other renewable electrical generation is online."
"Eight. The Department of Agriculture is immediately directed to seek out locations both in the United States and abroad, where humans live in close proximity to wild or domesticated animals. Once found, they are to study ways to discourage or stop this practice, or incentivize alternatives."
"Nine. The individual known as Kevin Kooper and his family are to be considered innocent bystanders in this situation, and the Dr. Kooper that spoke today even said so. Thus, as private U.S. citizens, they will be accorded all possible deference. We are still working out how best to help that situation, so there's not much to say about him. By all appearances, he is a normal high school kid caught up in this."
"Lastly, ten. We will be unveiling a series of Defense Production Act guarantees for purchases of the above equipment and products. This will include: solar PV cells, wind turbines, DNA analysis and possible sequencing project equipment, and equipment that can protect an area of the sea from having fishing vessels harvest from that area."
"It appears we have our work cut out for us, and we pray to Almighty God that either this warning was deceptive, in which case we're doing the right things for the wrong reason, or that it was true, in which case we're doing the exact things that it recommends we do. Thank you, and good night."
It was 8 pm by this time, and after some more conversations with the military people there, they gave us each a cot in a separate room off the main hall, with two guards by the door, one facing out and another facing the door.
I was just really, really tired for some reason. I was pretty sure it was because I normally had a coke, with caffeine, at lunch, and that day I hadn't had any.
Sleep...
First Morning
About 7 am I got up and used their bathroom, under guard, of course, which was continuing to be mighty odd. When I got back, there was a large gym bag on the floor outside my room, and the guard explained it had fresh clothes, a 'dop kit' of bathroom stuff, and to please follow him.
A larger bathroom farther down the hall had showers in individual stalls.
I went in one, got a shower and shampoo under the watchful eyes of two military guys with MP armbands. They gave me Navy clothes - sweats including black sneakers in my size (!) and a t-shirt. The deodorant was kind of odd smelling but mostly okay, and the toothpaste wasn't my brand either, but what the heck.
Dressed and clean, I put my old clothes in a different gym bag they'd provided (could they think of everything?) and came out, ready to face the world... sort of.
My mom and dad were already up and showered, though they looked kind of haggard. We hugged, and they told me they'd spoken with [my sister] Rachel and she was fine, on a military base in Virginia.
We talked for a while. They told me they'd talked to my grandmothers (both of my grandfathers had passed before I was born - one from smoking/cancer, the other from an infected cut he got in a farming accident).
I was embarrassed that my grandmothers knew about the fact that this guy had told me to have lots of sex, but I didn't know how to say that to my mom. I was kind of shy. I was working my way out of it, gradually, and realizing that, sitting at the table there with her, I decided I had to be more up-front about things.
Deciding to be more up-front with your mom and Doing That were in conflict. I loved her and everything, but I was embarrassed? It's hard to describe.
I looked around and kept track of what was going on around me, at least somewhat. The focus in the room was the Admiral, who was still working over on the other side of the room. A continuous flow of people were reporting to a conference table of people near him (on phones or writing), and sometimes he'd come over and ask them things.
After my parents and I got and ate breakfast from the 'mess hall' corner of the room, he came over.
"Mr. and Mrs. Kooper, Kevin. We have some medical tests scheduled for today for all of you, and we do apologize but my direct orders were, 'find out everything there is to know about that boy' because any info about what makes you special makes the world safer, I think."
We all nodded.
Mom asked when we'd be living in a more normal bedroom, and he nodded like that'd been addressed, "Handled. When you're ready, after this, we'll be putting you in a BOQ apartment, bachelor's officers' quarters, only it's really like a one-bedroom apartment. Two apartments, near each other but not right next door. The LT will set you up. Reach out to me if you have requests, but they should be able to handle most everything for you."
That was it. He was done, nodded at us, said 'Carry on' to the person named (ranked, actually, lieutenant) LT, and went back to work.
We were shown out the door, with a full set of Marines in combat gear waiting to walk around us.
You have not _really_ been properly freaked out until you've been freaked out by being escorted, walking in the center of 12 full-combat-equipped Marines.
We walked outside and down the block, around a corner, and into an old looking building, and then downstairs to the basement. The room I was led to was pretty nice inside like a normal hotel room except it had concrete walls and no windows. My parents were in a room down the hall, we nodded to each other as we went in.
Once we got our bags dumped there, a doctor and nurse showed up to my room, and started taking a health history. I was getting used to telling the same stuff to multiple people, though it got to be hard to remember what I'd told one person and what I'd told another.
He took blood again (they'd taken four vials of it the night before), had me pee into a cup in the bathroom (while the nurse stood in the corner, kind of awkward), and even wanted a stool sample, which I didn't have but they left me a 'collection kit'. That kit was a bedpan that I was assured would nest under the toilet seat nicely.
Oddball stuff.
Mostly done with my exam, they went and did the same stuff for my parents (I heard them in the hallway) and I sat down to watch TV. Egads, there's nothing to watch in the mornings on a weekday, nevermind that they kept cutting in with news broadcasts on the big networks, and the independent channel just showed reruns of Gomer Pyle and other crap no one watches.
Right after lunch (a bunch of to-go containers from nearby restaurants), I had nothing to do but clean up and put the containers in the fridge.
An hour later or so, there was a knock on the door.
The day's awkward oddity came when a pair of women in their 20's, wearing Navy sweats, came in my door, courtesy of having printed orders they showed to the guards outside.
After they were already in, one of them asked (too late), "Can we come in?"
"Sure?"
They shut the door and we relocated to the center of the 'living room' area. Both were pretty, in their mid-20's maybe, one blonde and one with hair that was a cross between dark brown and red. They had light jackets on, but took them off as they came in and I backed up to be in the 'living room' area. One of them said her name was Beth and we shook hands, and Sandi was the other and we shook, too.
Beth was in charge.
"So...." she said, kind of cagey, "Uh, this is going to be an awkward conversation."
"Okay?"
She sighed, deeply, pursed her lips, and looked worried, "So we ... volunteered. Very definitely, I volunteered. This isn't something they can order a person to do."
I waited, she was working up to something.
"We got called in, like 30 of us, from all over the base, randomly I think, this morning. Clean up sharp, best look like for a photo shoot, come to the BX, the store. We get there, get fitted out with new kit, like, nice clothes? Free, they said. Then, to this room, behind the BX."
Sandy was nodding, but she was more laid back, leaning against the wall, waiting for the story to come out.
"A female doctor, nearly the highest ranking doc on the base, has us all lined up there, like 30 of us. Says, 'I have been ordered by the Secretary of the Navy to acquire a set of medical specimens from Kevin Kooper. Specifically, sperm samples. He is an 18 year old male, as normal as any other high school kid. No diseases or conditions, healthy, everything should be working fine. So, we need to collect these samples. But, we need to ensure the samples are handled correctly, rapidly put into liquid nitrogen storage, and transported back to CDC in Atlanta on the Ready Alert jet. A plane is literally waiting for them, on the tarmac, now."
"We all were laughing sort-of, quietly, at the way this was coming out. I mean, it was funny, but it wasn't funny, so we were ... holding back."
I nodded, I got that, and smiled with her.
She continued, "So, she said, 'We need at least two people, might be two from your group, to volunteer for this job. You'd need to be totally, utterly healthy, have not had any sexual contact in the last month, had a recent physical exam that came up clean, and have had some sexual experience that would help with the collection of this specimen."
Her face showed that she could tell she was nervous about telling me this, so I nodded and said, "Yeah, okay, keep going."
"So then she told the group of us that we had to decide together who it would be, and it had to be unanimous, or nobody, and they'd try with a different group... Well, we got the go-ahead, and we all chatted, and we settled on our randomize-method being who had the lowest last two digits of the zip code where we grew up. It was Sandi and myself."
She waited, trying to see what I would say.
I asked, "Uh, you're here, kinda, to... have sex with me, or... at least, do whatever, so I cum, and you catch it somewhere and that's that?"
They both nodded.
I thought about this, and wanted to go to a window, but there were no windows. I looked at the bad art on the wall for a minute. The idea that my life was now being controlled by very powerful people, even more than it had been before, it kind of got to me.
Thinking out loud, I said, turning around to face them, and then to pace as I talked, "Something is wrong with this. This situation. It's ... Not you, for sure, you're... wow, beautiful, pretty, sexy, all that. But... I ... I'm not ... I expected a chance to have a ... normal life about this stuff. I wanted to ... discover? I mean..."
While I thought about it, they sat down on the couch. I turned a kitchen chair so I was sitting backwards, so I could lean and prop my chin up on the back as I thought.
I narrated my thought process. "It's like, how can I turn this around to see what it really is, from outside myself? I kinda thought last night, if I pretend I'm a teenage girl and not a teenage guy, how does this change? Would the President of the USA ask me for some sexual thing, if I was a teen girl? No, of course not, it'd be too much like exploitation, or rape or something? So..."
She was confused. "So, is it okay that we help you, or do you want to be alone, and we'll take it after you're done, or ...what?"
I clarified, "I think, if I let the military run my life, they'll keep taking and taking and I'll end up subservient and have no options. So, no, I think I want to... to have a normal life, at least a little, and have my 'fun', my first time... Yes, I'm a virgin.... My first time, I want to be with a girl I know, and who I like, and ... after that, then, Wow, I'd like to have you be a part of it, but..."
They nodded, and were smiling like mad, like this suddenly had gotten a lot less uncomfortable.
In reality, it had. They had just switched roles from being unwelcome, or maybe coerced in some way into a sexual situation, to helping out someone who wanted normal things.
Beth spoke up, "You want to have, ahhh, well, 'help', from someone you know, then?"
"Yeah!"
"Okay. You can't figure that the first person you ask is gonna say yes, though, right? Kinda high pressure for her, too."
"Definitely. I've never been that lucky, and yeah, it's gotta be rough to be asked, like blatantly. You're right."
Beth got up and walked back and forth for a minute and told us to be quiet for a moment while she thought.
She seemed pretty smart so I waited - we waited - until she got done.
Continuing, Beth said, "A list. You need a list - of best candidates. Then, you call everyone on the list, tell them they're on it, but not where on the list, just that they're on it. Be totally up front. A girl doesn't want to feel cheated and manipulated later, so truth is the best option. You tell them, hey, I thought of you, I'm calling you and some other people, if you say yes, someone will choose from the list in a random order, so in case everyone says yes, you all feel good, no one is obligated, it's all good."
She was smiling, and I did see the advantage.
We set about it. It took about an hour to write up what I was going to say, to pare it down to be way shorter, and another hour to get calls set up with each of the girls I'd thought about.
Picking up the phone, she called the supervising doctor lady and explained, and got the okay, so we went forward with the process.
Around the kitchen table, we had a tape recorder and a speakerphone, and I set to calling people. Cindi disappeared for a little while, but came back with a list of phone numbers for the people we were going to call.
I had it scripted out, so I could talk fast.
Ring. Ring. "Hello?"
"I'd like to speak with Shelly, please."
Shuffling noises. "Shelly here."
"This is Kevin Kooper."
"Oh my God! Kevin! Why are you ... wow... Why are you calling me?"
"Yeah. So, first off, there's at least 3 people listening in on this phone call - me, and two nurses that are helping me, and a tape recorder, and probably the line is bugged, so watch what you say, okay?"
"Okay?"
"Here goes. I've written this down, so I say it the same way. Starting. The President of the United States told the Joint Chiefs of Staff, specifically the Secretary of the Navy, that his orders were, he should start an R&D project to learn everything there is to know about the genetics and medical information about Kevin Kooper, me."
"In turn, the Secretary of the Navy repeated that order - we're two steps from the President, now - to the chief doctor on this Navy base. That doctor called in a bunch of Navy women, and asked if any of them would be willing to help me, Kevin, collect a sperm sample. Actually, a set of samples, because they're going to need lots of samples. Makes sense so far, you can say yes or no?"
"Yes?"
"Good. So, two women volunteers came to my room this morning. It's a nice enough apartment on base here, and they told me what was needed. They offered to help. But, I said no."
I paused for a moment and said, "They asked why, trying to be helpful, and I had to think for a moment. The problem was, and is, I'm a virgin, so I told them that. I said, I want my first few times to be with a girl I know, who is nice, and fun and who I can ... be myself with? Not some random person, however beautiful. I want to ... find someone I know? Who do I have even the smallest connection with already?"
I'd inserted strategic pauses in this, where it felt right.
"So. These women, they're great, they helped me out. They said, get a list together of the 20 or 30 girls, maybe, that I know the best, in all the school, or from my life. On that list, decide who I know already, who I want to know, even if I don't know them well yet. Sure, pay attention to how attractive they are, but mostly, focus on the fun aspect, the interesting and fun to be with part."
"So, I did. Then, they said, we'll mix them up, no priority with any specific one, because if you rank them, no one wants to be down the list. So, they said, you'll call ALL the girls on the list, invite them over for dinner, and find out who you like and want to hang around with, and they can hang out with you, and decide for themselves, too. Then, it's equal."
"So, I did that, and they got your number, and so I'm calling you, and inviting you to come over. Now, we all know, this is gotta be a huge oh-my-god thing, and you may be a virgin, too, or not, I don't care, mostly I think it might be fun if you came over, for dinner one night in the next two weeks or so. Then, in the context of a dinner and just being two normal people, if you want to help the donation thing, you can, you don't ever have to, whatever. You can go home anytime, or stay all night, no pressure, no worries, free food, and there's guards at the door so I can't possibly misbehave because they're way bigger than me."
If you understand me, this idea, you can say, 'I understand?'"
"I understand."
"Then, the plan was, whoever says yes, willing to try out this idea, a U.S. Navy doctor, a woman doctor, visits their house and gets a medical exam and blood samples or something, and then when they're cleared to come over. Sorry about that, their rules. Anyway, after that, you'd be randomly scheduled to come in, by not-me, no playing favorites, and we can have fun with no pressure or worry about disease or stuff like that, and it's relaxed and probably fun and everybody's happy."
I'd usually pause there, to give them a second.
"So, I guess I'm asking you, as a person who I think is kind of cool and interesting, and also who's pretty and beautiful, if you want to come over and maybe just have a meal, and maybe stay the night but only if both of us like that idea. Will you? Help out?"
Every one of them said yes except Varisha, a girl I knew from both Band and Track, who was Indian and I'm pretty sure her parents were telling her to say no.
It took a couple of hours to call all of them, mostly because my script was long, I think. I did shorten it up a little near the end, and spoke faster, maybe, but I hoped it wasn't seeming too abrupt and therefore rude.
At the time, it seemed like maybe someone had pre-called their families, maybe, to make sure they'd be there to take the call, because I got through on the first try for everyone, and I figured the chances of that were low.
Enough was going on behind the scenes at that point that it would have been exactly on point for the doc to have done that pre-arrange bit.
I would have to wait a day at least for the first one, because of the health checks, we figured.
My parents were just down the hallway, so I invited them to come over and we chatted.
I had to tell them.
Really, the most embarrassing thing about this was telling my mother. Dad, he just nodded about everything, but Mom was more of a busybody. She wanted to read the script I'd written, and then when she was done, she got up and hugged me. She said she was proud of how I'd handled it, that it was obvious that I respected the girls and they knew they'd be safe.
I wasn't sure if I knew what was safe!
Watching TV, the networks kept breaking in with news of this or that thing happening. Nearly all the ships in the Navy and Coast Guard had set sail at the same time. Most of them, the White House said, were starting enforcement of international law about fishing in international waters, in the Arctic ocean, the Southern (Antarctic) ocean, Indian, all of them.
Congress had started to debate how to fund research on thorium nuclear power, PV panel improvements, wind turbines, etc. Lots of money was coming available, like more money than I'd ever heard discussed around a single bill.
I think that was the first time in my life, Ever, that I heard the words, 'a trillion dollars' used about something real.
We had dinner together, and we kind of settled in.
The two women that had been with me stuck around long enough for Mom and Dad to meet them, but then the Doctor assigned them to 'live' in two new rooms down the hall from us, and I saw a bunch of guys carting stuff into their rooms.
Going to sleep that night, I wondered if I should jerk off or not, since I was seriously horny and I usually did it a couple of times a week. Instead, though, I just rolled over and soon enough I was out cold.
The middle of the night, I woke up, and couldn't go back to sleep. All I could think about was whether I'd made a fool of myself by calling those girls, people I knew and who knew me, like really well, since early elementary school.
As much as I could decide I was okay and it hadn't been embarrassing, it still kind of was. I mean, it's not a thing most guys do, to admit they're a virgin. Or, to ask if a girl wants to come on a date that might explicitly include sex, or not, and how could any of them say yes?
Were they just humoring me because I was so massively unlucky to be singled out like that?
It finally got to be morning, and I was sleeping off and on.
There was a knock on the door about 7:30 am, which is late since I had to be at school most days by 6:30. But, with the stress, I'd slept in.
I went to the door and opened it.
Hello, Jodi?
Jodi French was standing there. Next to her (facing away from me) was the door guard guy, and next to him was a lady in uniform holding one of those metal hard-case clipboard things like the dishwasher repair guy carried.
It was a strange thing to focus on so briefly, so I shook my head and looked back at Jodi.
Everyone was dressed - except for me. I just was standing there, bleary eyed, wearing a light blue t-shirt with 'Navy' on it, and light cotton shorts like gym shorts that said, "USS Spruance". I didn't know what ship that was, but they'd given me a hodgepodge of clothes to start with.
Jodi had a backpack and had a small rolling suitcase behind her, like pilots have in airports. She had on jeans and a sweatshirt that said, "Northwestern" (for the University) and gym shoes. She looked nervous.
I was confused. Was this supposed to start ... so soon? Still, I kind of rubbed my eyes and said, "Wow! Jodi! Uh... Please, come in? Wow. Uh, yeah, come in."
I stepped way back and she came in, and I noticed the backpack was stuffed really full, compared to a school-day's backpack. The lady with the clipboard nodded at me and we shut the door. She had been escorting, and that was that.
Frankly, I was immensely glad she didn't have to come into the room with us!
Waving at the dining room area, I said, "You can drop your pack anywhere, my God, I'm ... huh. I guess I'm a sucky host, I'm not even showered and shaved and stuff..."
"Oh, no! Not at all! I'm sooo sorry, did I wake you up?"
She had, but really I'd sort of been half-asleep anyway, so I said so, but then I said, "Doesn't matter where I was. Of everything that's happened in the last few days, your being here is probably the best changeup possible."
Her face screwed up a little, like this was confusing, so I clarified and she figured out it was a big compliment, a reverse from so many ways in which my freedom and autonomy had been cut out, but for once I got a chance to make a decision, and it was to have her there, and that she could be something not-controlled by the Navy.
She nodded like that was a good thing, but after a few seconds, she confessed, "I'm ... not here, like that, Kevin. I'm ... I am being controlled, sort-of, by the Navy, too."
We went over and sat down, her on the couch, me on the big lounger chair next to her.
I felt odd, not being that dressed, but she didn't seem to mind, and it felt good to just talk with someone normal and not a way-adult Navy person.
Settled in the chair, she tried to explain.
"So, yesterday morning, we got this knock on the front door. We're all locked down, stay at home, our whole families, we're all supposed to just stay there, Army guards in front and behind the house? Only, the knock is this pair of women, like FBI types, in suits."
"Really?" I was excited, and interested, smiling.
"We all were having breakfast, so we went to the door. The ladies came in, and told my parents to go wait upstairs, that they could just take me as-is, away, but it's better to talk in the house?"
I laughed.
She said, "No doubt! Mom and Dad went upstairs with my little brother, and the ladies sat me down. The older one said, 'So, the President of the United States has asked us to come and talk to you, and some other people, this morning."
I smiled. Dukakis was taking a strong interest in me, it seemed.
"Of course I said, 'Why?'"
"She said, 'we've validated that the message we heard was what it said it was, at least, we're 99.999999 percent sure. So, that means something really, really important, for saving the future of mankind, is gonna happen with Kevin Kooper. His having kids is central to helping that happen.' I got that part, we all heard it, and the news had replayed some of the recordings of the thing."
I nodded, "Go on..."
"And, they said, so, Kevin's hatched this plan. We got some attractive women volunteers to go in, help him give us some sperm samples? And, he said, of all things, No."
"I was flabbergasted, like Totally! The guys I knew? The chance to have sex, well, that's gonna be super-high on the list, right?"
I nodded, "Duh. Yeah, for, like, most people, yeah. For me, probably, if the world hadn't turned upside down."
She got that. "So they explained, you were shy, and you liked a couple of girls from school, and you were going to call me, and would it be at all possible, in any way, for me to consider that doing this thing, just the sperm samples, could I help with that? Well, I thought about it, and they just waited, like I was a super-important person or something. Of course, on the scale of things, I'm not a psychopath! If it's that vital, if I have to jump on a grenade to save a billion people, well, yeah, sure, I guess. Not happy, maybe, to die, but this wasn't dying."
"I said yes, and they immediately went to the door and let in this older lady, a doctor wearing a longer coat but her doctor's jacket underneath, and another lady who was an assistant, I guess? They and I went into our downstairs den, and she did a physical, on my couch, it was funny. Like vials of blood, and I had to get naked and she looked at all of me, which was a lot less embarrassing than I thought it would be. Then, we were done, and she went away."
"Then?"
"Then, the FBI ladies came back, and they said, Kevin's gonna call in an hour, you have to act like you're surprised, and just agree with everything, and we'll set it up. You can say no at any time, it's all really safe, so, yeah. So, I'm here."
My stomach gurgled. I stood up and said, "Have you had breakfast?"
"Toast, about 5:30 this morning, with a running car in the driveway."
I laughed, "Yeah." I pretended to be Navy, "Uh, yeah, uh, sir? Like, electric cars are coming, but for now, uh, we're gonna leave this massive polluting Ford shitbox running in your driveway uselessly for an hour? Uh, sir, yes, Sir."
She laughed with me. It was nice to hear.
We had talked previously a fair amount, on band trips, and other times, or on the bus to and from track meets. I liked her then, and even sitting there with her, she seemed fun. I hadn't really thought about what it'd be like to have her be there, or be the first to show up.
I stood up and waved at the kitchen, "I think I need some breakfast, even if you don't, if that's..."
"Fine! Please! Go ahead."
She sat back, and then a minute later, after I was getting a bowl out and some boxes of cereal, she stood up, pulled off her sweatshirt, and showed she had a dark blue shirt that said, "WIT" on it, front and back.
"What's the shirt?"
"Kinda freaked on that one," she confessed. "The guy that picked me up, he said I had to wear it, and that if there was trouble, I was to put it back on if I could so the guards would know who to save. He said, if someone starts shooting at us, duck, get behind something, but if there's any way to save you, I should do it. I think he asked me to take a bullet for you?" She half-laughed, "But... uh, maybe if you duck that'd be better?"
I kind of laughed with her, but then said, "Oh."
Thinking about it more, I added, "One of the guards said something like that the first day, but I think they noticed it made me super-nervous so they didn't say it again. Pretty sure they would, though. I hope no one has to, my God. I mean, it's weird that I might be ...important? Still, it's oddball."
"Exactly."
I got my cereal and sat at the table next to her. Mumbling through it, I asked, "So, did they tell you how to act around me, or do I get the real you?"
She chuckled, raised an eyebrow, and said, "Them? No. My mom?" She rolled her eyes, "Oh, wow, Yes. She had TONS to say. Any other day, and I'd just DIE if I had to tell you what she said. My God!"
"I have no idea what girls talk about with their moms... but I'm pretty sure it's not anything like what my dad and I talk about."
She burst out laughing, in a way that said she'd been put upon, subjected to way too much, and all she could do was just kind of sit back and let it flow. I got all that from her body language. "Yeah. First thing, she said, is I'm supposed to do this."
Pulling at the bottom of her t-shirt, getting it out of her pants, she lifted it up, then pulled her arms down on the inside, and pulled it over her head.
My mouth was still full.
"She said, my mom said, that what I had to do was, 'keep him guessing'." She smiled, "She said that I should always, given any choices, do the more-sexy thing. It would surprise you, but it would also mean that if you decided to do something sexy, you'll feel like that's the pattern and normal. I totally laughed at her, but she was serious. Of course, she added a big, 'But-only-if-you-like-him-dear' at the end!" That bit she said in a sing-song voice like she was copying her mom. She laughed, like this was a big joke, and really, it was.
I could kind of hear my own mom's voice in that, and the way my sister made fun of her sometimes, too.
Jodi was wearing a really nice bra. She looked down at herself, kind of to make it a thing we could talk about. "I don't know what you're used to, but... this is my nicest bra, so... Uh... "
"So you're showing it off. It is nice. Pretty." I was kind of uncomfortable saying that, it's not something I normally talked about.
She accepted this and folded her t-shirt, putting it on the table next to her.
Since we were talking about bras, I sort-of wondered out loud, as I ate and talked really informally, just to make conversation, that I didn't really know that much about bras. I said, I'd heard that small ones were A, medium-normal were B or maybe C, and large ones were C or D, but I didn't really know how it all worked? Is it like 'medium, large, XL' in t-shirt sizes, or was there more science to it than that?
She rolled her eyes but had a big smile on her face, then explained, and asked, "And you've never asked your mom about this? You have a sister, right?"
"No such thing would EVER come up in conversation."
We both chuckled.
She explained it was inches out, versus the ribcage below, one inch is A, two is B, etc.
That was cool, I thought, and thanked her, then asked why it was DD and not E.
"How should I know? I've seen size E before, in a bra store, but... No clue."
I'd eaten quickly; I finished my last bite of cereal, almost, and sat back slightly, relaxing more. Looking at her, I got a kind of flippant thought and said, "Occurs to me I'm overdressed for this table, too." - and I pulled my own t-shirt off.
She nodded with slightly raised eyebrows. "You know I've seen you running without a shirt for, like, at least 3 track seasons."
"Still. I have to be fair, here. Even if I haven't had a shower yet, and I do apologize about that."
"Not a problem. Actually, my Mom said, I have to smell you. It important. Either you, or a shirt you've worn for a day. She said, if I like the smell, that's a really good sign. If it's not too sweaty, if it's just a normal body smell, and it's good, then that's better for us being 'compatible' or something. Probably."
I shrugged and stood up, moving the chair out of the way, and moving to stand closer to her chair.
Instead of leaning in to smell my belly or something, she stood up herself, and looked at my chest, then held onto each of my shoulders and leaned in, putting her nose right at the base of my neck.
The almost-touching was really nice!
She inhaled in small steps, bringing in air from right near my neck, until her lungs were full. "You smell like... rugged. Like something rugged, something tough. Not bad, just ... rough. I like it, I think. You don't stink, not at all, it's different than that."
"Oh. Thank you?"
She stepped back and turned around. "This is a bra strap. You know how to unhook one of these?"
"Mom makes me do laundry. Yes. I know."
She tilted her head down, away from me, stepping to get her back to me from the right distance. "Undo me, please?"
I reached up and took her shoulders in mine, like she'd done to me, but lighter, and then brushed the backs of my fingers across and down her upper back until I got to her bra strap, which I unbuckled. Taking each half of the bra and pushing it away from the center, I stepped into her back and leaned down, inhaling near her neck.
Pulling away again, I said, "Mmmm... Nice. Probably shampoo or soap, mostly, though."
"Makes sense. I showered this morning."
I got self-conscious. "Speaking of so, I'm due for one. I feel... not good."
"So, go take one! I'll still be here. You've gotten my bra off already." Her smile came through in her voice. I kissed her neck from behind; her arms were over her breasts, holding her bra in place.
"Thank you."
I kissed again, and went off towards the bathroom, saying, "This is Soooooo not what I had thought this would be like, Jodi. It's ... so much better."
Getting into the bathroom, I shut the door and used the toilet, flushed, then turned on the water.
The water pressure was higher than at our house. Was there 'military water pressure'? I laughed at that.
I got in and soapy and shampoo'd, got out and shaved (new razor, fancy one with 3 blades, and some odd kind of shaving cream that was a blue gel), taking some time to make sure I was presentable.
There was a knock on the bathroom door, which I'd left just barely open but not latched.
"Come in?"
I had a towel around my waist, a habit. I might not have let her in if I was naked.
She stood there, her arms crossed over her chest, hiding her boobs. I didn't have to look right at her, the mirror gave me another view. She watched me finish shaving and then brush my teeth.
I admit, I didn't floss.
She looked over and saw the shower curtain was still bunched up at the end of the tub since I'd gotten out, and said, "My mom went on this tirade, like when I was in 4th grade, that I had to absolutely, every single time, spread out the shower curtain again after I used it. I'm being ...pulled right now..."
She smiled as she walked towards the tub, half-heartedly like she was being remote-controlled over to the shower curtain.
I laughed and said in the TV announcer voice from their commercials, "It's the Naked Jodi Shower Robot, new from RonCo! Straightens your shower curtain like magic, Every Single time!"
Her arms spread out to move the curtain around, and I realized I could see in the mirror what her sideboob was, then some of a nipple, as she turned.
I didn't want to embarrass her, so I looked back down and finished with my ablutions, rinsing the gel down the sink and making the sink look nice.
When I stood up from spitting, she was standing next to me, arms down, leaning the front of her hips on the counter, facing the mirror like I was. I looked over, the sink still running, though I shut that off.
Her areolas were... in absolute terms, maybe the size of quarters, but her nipples were really thick and prominent, much larger than mine. I stared at them, then up to her face, which was smiling, and then getting that permission to stare, I did, more.
She turned to face me, and I turned, too. She just waited as I stared. I wasn't quite sure what to do next but it seemed like it'd be okay if I reached up, so I did, slowly. Her arms opened up for me, and I made cup-hands underneath the right one.
As I made contact, she started a little with a small inhale, but she covered by saying, "It's okay, go ahead. I've had them a while, happy to have them appreciated."
"I've appreciated them already, Jodi, when you were running. Sorry."
"Duh. Like that's any secret. You and all the guys, watching us girls bounce, that's all you're focused on."
I considered that. "Not... all. I like watching butts, too, especially muscular butts. When they dent. Like, when you all wear shorts, and I can see your butt flex as you run, that's pretty cool. There's a concave/convex thing."
"Oh?" She tried turning around, but I had her boob, so she stopped and turned back so I could keep feeling it.
She considered something, then reached down to her pants button and said, "Can you show me where on my butt you're talking about?"
I shrugged, "Sure." This was working out better than any kind of process where I'd have to convince the girl to get undressed, it was magical that way.
She undid her pants, button-fly ones that were all the rage lately, and shucked out of her jeans, stepping back. I had to let go of her boob, but in the process she leaned over and I watched how they changed shape as she leaned over and back up, then got them straight and folded them onto the countertop.
Turning around so her butt was facing the mirror and she was looking over her shoulder, she asked, "Now... where?"
I reached over across her front to side-hug her abdomen, almost, to steady myself, and let my hand go down her back, over her underwear (pink cotton, with a bow in front, I'd seen), and over her butt cheek on the far side. "It's... hard to see when you're standing up like this, relaxed..."
She started, realizing there was more that could be done, and said, "Oh! Okay!"
Her fingers went to the sides of her underwear and pushed down, down, past her knees, her legs parted just enough I could see a bump where her sex was. As she came up again, I could see she had a patch of hair, a rectangle where her public hair was, but trimmed pretty close to the skin.
I'd seen pubic hair before - in Penthouse, and Playboy...
Returning my gaze to her butt, I returned to hug her sideways, but then I pulled her back, and then we tried various moves of her leg to get her butt to clench just right so she could see it in the mirror.
It didn't take that long until I'd shown exactly what I meant, concave dented in, in the butt cheek, one way. Then, just convex, rounded happiness, as she relaxed the leg again.
I commented here and there about what was sexy about it.
She asked if I had dents. I didn't know, so I turned my butt towards the mirror and she stood beside me, and I pulled the towel off and lay it on the countertop.
This was a thing. This was the first time I'd been naked around a girl.
Now, I should qualify that. Twice before, almost counted.
For one, on an almost-date at a party, I'd pulled down my pants in a dark room on the floor flat on my back, and gotten a handjob from a girl. That was almost a 'success', but in the end I had to finish myself off because she wasn't much good at it. It didn't count as 'naked' because I hadn't been completely naked, just my important parts, and I'd never seen her again. She lived out of state and was just visiting. I lamented that.
Another time, I'd been lake-swimming at a friend's Wisconsin summer house, and the group of seven of us went skinny-dipping, mid-afternoon when the parents were off doing something.
The four girls went down the shore from us a ways, and the two other guys and I stripped down and waded into the water. We moved to be nearer to them, but we couldn't see anything. I think the thrill was being close and maybe, and I masturbated to that memory, but really there wasn't much to be seen.
They had told us when we had to keep our distance, too, so in practical measure, I saw far more when they were in swimsuits near us than in that water.
I only mention this for context. In that moment, I was utterly preoccupied with her nakedness and mine and the daring of it all.
Jodi moved in and bent over behind me, I think with some play-acting that the thing she was interested in was the topology of my butt cheeks vs. hers. Of course, her rubbing my butt cheeks with her hand, cupping and letting it roam around? That was super-sexy.
On the other side of me I knew she could see that my stiffy had become quite engorged.
Stopping with the petting of my butt cheek, she moved closer and our faces just got closer and closer. I smiled and was happy about that, and we straightened out more as we leaned in.
We kissed!
At first it was tentative, but then she broke off after a minute to say, "Mmmm... minty."
I chuckled and we went back to it, our tongues dancing around each other, but our hands and bodies turning towards each other more and our arms going around.
The pressing of her breasts up against my arm, then my chest, gave me the soft thrills of skin-on-skin, but my hands all over her back did the same thing.
We just hugged like that, moving around, until my hardness pressed into her abdomen and prompted some attention. She moved her hand around and then between us, grasping it. Her fingers were cool and foreign on it, Very Nice and Wow, but odd-cool, too.
She let out a moan of 'mmMMMmmm' through her kiss.
Her face pulled back and she looked at me in the eyes and said, "Soft on the outside, hard on the inside..."
I smiled back, but she got a mischievous look in her eyes and focused on my collarbone, kissing that, then down my chest, until she was squatting down, kissing down my cock, holding it, moving it slightly this way as she looked, then kissing up the side, and on the end, and ... over the end.
She took the head in her mouth like she was experimenting, not sure of what she was doing, and I understood that part, I wasn't an expert in women's bodies either, so we might have been in the same situation.
Pushing me to lean against the counter better, she started slurping and trying to get it farther into her mouth, but I think I was too big for much of that. Still, she tried, and her head started moving up and down on it as her hand was wrapped around the base, slowly moving itself in a jacking motion.
Her eyes came up to me and I could see she was smiling.
The stimulation of this - looking down and seeing the tips of ner nipples near my knees, her beautiful face sucking in on my cock and moving over me, well, I had to close my eyes and lean back a little.
Her motion was steady, with occasional yummy noises from her, until I just couldn't handle it anymore and ... and... OOOHhhhh FUUUUUckkkkkk nnnRRRRRRgggggg..... I came, grunting, groaning, fireworks in my eyes and I could tell the cum was spurting out of my cock.
During my whole cum, she kept her lips locked around the head of my cock, and I could feel movement. She was swallowing, and still rubbing her tongue on me, and I was just trying to stay standing with the overwhelming feelings of it all.
Finally, at the end, I was done jerking around; the sense of floating happiness came over me, and I just sighed deeply and said, "Oh, my god, thank you."
She giggled, disengaged but kissed the side of my cock a little, and then stood up, licking up the side of her hand. "Mmmm... you taste good."
"Do I?"
She had a practical tone to her voice. "Mom told me to expect a lot and swallow fast, but I could taste enough to know it wasn't bad. She said, sometimes it's better than others, the taste might vary slightly over time, and even if it's sour or something, just go with it. I like yours, though! Very nice. Warm and salty, yeah, but very slippery on the tongue, kind of fun."
I shrugged as she moved up and just hugged me around the chest, and I hugged her back and said, "I wouldn't know.'
"Yeah, I get that."
We just stayed there a while, my hands going over her back. She looked up at me and leaned in, and we kissed, and I realized the slight taste I was getting was probably my spunk. I could see what she meant about the taste, not bad, not good but not bad, just something different.
"There," she said, "You get any of that? Sorry if it's not something you wanted."
"No, no, it's fine, I guess. I'm... just... enjoying the feeling of you against me."
"Well, let's go lie down on the bed before you collapse."
We did; I led her into the bedroom, sparsely furnished with just a generic chest of drawers, queen-sized bed, and pair of nightstands. The lamps and clock-radio just screamed, 'government issue', but I didn't care. It was a grown-up apartment and it was mine and I had a girl in it and I was Getting Away With It. I had to laugh.
Jodi wanted to know what's funny, so I described feeling like this massive imposter, like any minute now, people were going to discover that I was just this random high school guy and it was all a mistake and I'd be in trouble for wanting to be too forward with girls.
She laughed, and we got into my rumpled bed and hugged again, relaxing against each other. Her smile told me she was remembering something. "Like, yesterday? Soooo surreal. There's like NO way my parents would have just let me come over here, whatever, knowing what was going to happen, before this. Before they got that stern talking to, or whatever, by that doctor lady. I didn't hear it all, but some of it they said where I could, and Wow my parents were like, super formal, uh... stiff? Respectful?"
"Huh."
"Mom was worried, mostly, but she figured out I think that the doctor was going to make sure that I didn't 'catch' anything from you. Mom said later that the doc had said, they'd interviewed everyone in the school, and that included asking about every interaction with you. I'm pretty sure that means they know about anything you've ever done, since those interviews were super-serious and were interested in every little detail we could give."
"They interviewed me, too."
"I'll bet they did!" She chuckled, "Longer than us?"
"Most of that day, then part of the next, off and on, asking about stuff that had happened, like, things at school, home, parties, running, band, chorus, all that. The time I put the oranges up on the high window ledge so the director had to look up and see them and wonder how in the hell anyone could get a piece of fruit up that high in such an inaccessible place. I did it in both the band and chorus room."
"That was YOU?"
"Yep!"
"How did you do that?"
"Telescoping electrical conduit and copper pipe sections, six feet each, plus some duck tape on the end and a string down the middle to make it let go."
She considered my description and nodded, "It worked? Obviously."
"More than once. We hid the conduit in the band room's instrument closet. I only did one a day, but after four of them I figured that was enough. Dan McDowell helped out."
She was grinning up at me, tucked in along my side, her breasts pressed up against my flank and her arm over my chest. "Dan... Yeah. He'd do that.... Figure he got in trouble from the FBI for that?"
I laughed, "I think they aren't too concerned with Orange Pranks. I suspect Mrs. Greene knows by now, though. If I ever see her again, she might say something. I might actually like her to know. She's cool."
"..._if_?"
"I've been thinking. And, talking with Beth and Cindi - the two navy women? We're pretty sure I'll have to move away and never see most of my friends again."
"Why?"
"People will come from all over and ... they might want to... hurt me. Fishermen, for one. Or, oil industry people. The floaty-head-me cost them their fortunes, their jobs, whatever."
She thought that was funny, "Floaty head you!"
"What else would you call it?"
"Old-Kevin? Big-Man? I dunno, my friends and I haven't talked about it yet. The FBI people were insistent that if we talked, they'd have to re-interview both of us and ask what we talked about, even though they were recording all the phone calls made in the city."
I chuckled, "That's a lot of calls."
"Big things, I think. Big things."
We just lay there a while, until I asked, 'Can I look at you?"
She laughed, 'Of course!" Pushing down the covers, she turned to lie on her back, and put her arms by her sides so I could see all of her front.
Leaning up on one elbow, I looked up and down, getting in really close to her breast. I was struck, and said almost in passing, "I've never been this close to someone so beautiful before.... At least..."
She finished the sentence, "naked..."
I clarified, "A naked girl, for sure. Woman? Do you prefer 'woman'?"
"My mother is a woman. I'm a girl, I guess, maybe a 'gal'. Woman seems like it means old people, somehow."
"Yeah."
I moved around and shifted to where my head was right in front of her nearest breast. I played with it, squeezing and watching it return to shape, poking gently and doing the same thing. She held one for me and pulled out on the nipple, to show how the nipple gets bigger when it's played with.
I wanted, of course, to kiss and suck on it, and she let me, though this led to a long discussion on what feels good, what doesn't feel good, and how I could tell if I was doing the right thing or not.
I wanted to know.
After a while, I moved on... well, down, at least. The room lights were on, so I could see everything, and she parted her legs so I could get a good view. I'd bought enough Hustler magazines that I knew what the anatomy looked like, but there wasn't much info available otherwise.
As for female anatomy? Playboy had hints. Penthouse had more details. Hustler Invited You Inside.
Her lesson was in what was where, names for things, she knew most of that, and frankly as a geek, I already did, too. Still, touching led to kissing, and kissing led to licking. I'd read enough Penthouse forum columns with sexy descriptions, I totally wanted to do that, and she let me, though she said no one had ever done that before, so we were in good company doing the exploration.
She tasted both sweet and slightly sour - but it was Really Really Good! I liked what I was getting to do, getting 'away with'.
What I lacked in technique, I made up for in enthusiasm. I just kept going until I started to get somewhere, and she laid back on the bed and just let me do it.
We were probably half an hour in before she orgasmed, grunting loudly and letting her legs squeeze in on the sides of my head so hard I wondered if I could actually get hurt that way.
Afterwards, despite my kind-of wanting to give her another one, she pulled me up to lie next to her and just be quiet and breathe together.
She asked, "So, what do you have planned for me?"
I giggled with the impossibility of that, "Me? Plan? I have zero clues! You seem to know what you're doing..."
"Oh, so you want ME to have the plan."
"Do we have to plan?"
She was definitive, "Yes. A rough plan at least. That is, I Really Really Really don't want to be a virgin anymore, as of, well, today, sometime. But, I don't know if you're into that? You seemed to be kind of shy, so...?"
I thought about it. "Same here. I don't want to be a virgin anymore. When today, I guess I'm kind of relaxed about that in a way that ... I never would have dreamed before. I think you're just ... you're cool. I like being... near you. I'm not in a rush, at one level. But, at another level, I totally want to, I'm anxious?"
"I'm nervous it's going to hurt. Mom said it would. But, she said, just give it a minute after the first bit, a full long minute, catch my breath, I'll be fine, probably. She's usually right about stuff, so I'll go with that."
I digested that. "Yeah, I heard that it hurts."
"I have a confession."
I waited.
"Last year, my older sister - she's at Brandeis University, she's four years older than me - she gave me a box as a gift, and said, "Every girl needs one of these." It was a vibrator. It was long and thin, but it buzzed really good, and ... it was amazing."
"Huh. I've heard of people having those."
"You aren't upset?"
I laughed, "You get to have a device that makes you come? I have to use my hand! Your way sounds a lot nicer!"
We laughed about that, but then she brought it back around, "So... A plan."
Happily, I suggested, "How about, I spend the rest of the morning just licking you until you come like ten times, and then you'll be so worn out, you won't feel any pain?"
She was smiling, but said, "Uh, NO. That doesn't sound like as much fun for me as you might think. I might get a cramp in my side or something, or blow a vein in my head or something."
"Oh... That's ... actually something I can ask the doctors when I see them next. If I do. I probably will."
"When, then?"
"I want some orange juice. Then, maybe, after the orange juice."
She laughed, "Okay then. After the juice."
We got up and walked, fully naked, to the kitchen. I walked behind her so I could watch her butt move, and she knew that I was doing that because she put it into full-sway mode and giggled. I patted it, and kissed her, and we had orange juice.
Then, we had each other.
That is to say, we went back into the bedroom, got to kissing again, a serious moment but also a lighthearted one, we were trying to make each other feel good.
I got positioned and started kissing my way down her body, but we talked and agreed it wasn't going to be a full orgasm, it would just be enough to get her going, and then she'd lick on me a little, and we'd try it.
And, that's what we did. I got another chance to lick up her folds, over her nubbin, use a finger, and get things going. She pulled me up, took me in her mouth and sucked me vertical and got me really wet, then lay back on the bed with her legs open, but her arms open, too.
"Jodi, I'm ... thank you for ..."
"Kev. Thank you for thinking of me. I know this ... it's, like, out there? But, on the other hand, this is just sooooo right. I love this."
I snuggled up, sort of, but held myself above her. She reached down between us and grasped my cock and pushed it up and over and around and then down, ready, and I pushed in slightly, enough to know I was in the right place.
"Kiss me, Kevin. Kiss me first, then I'll nod, and..."
I kissed her, slow and sensuous and happy and expectant, and she broke it and said, "Gently, but ... get it... done."
I pushed in, in some tiny motions, watching her face, and then just pressing past it and going for it.
She screamed and her face went super-pained, so I stopped.
Right after she screamed, her eyes were clamped shut and she started breathing really hard, panting, until it sounded like she forced herself to breathe slowly. Her eyes opened and searched mine, and slowly a smile started crossing her face even if her eyebrows were still knitted a little.
Taking a deep, slow breath, she opened her eyes again and her smile got really wide. "Virgin... Virgins, no more. Just... one more minute."
"As long as you need."
She nodded, and we waited, and finally she said, "Okay, so, slow motions now."
I did that, and we moved against each other, her pushing down, and me pushing in, little in-outs that were relatively slow but still very deliberate.
It wasn't too long before her moaning and happy-grunting was delighting me, and I made sure that my noises were showing what I was feeling, too.
Maybe a few minutes into this, I started moving much more full-stroke, all the way in and out, though not quite out, and it started to get closer to building up. I said, "I'm almost.. there..."
She nodded and said, "Be all the way in... It's... it feels best... Give me that....Push me, full, fill me....you're filling me..."
About that time I grunted, and grunted, and then ... CAME! I was coming! Inside her, my cock buried all the way in, the full IN I could.... BE there, yeah! Waves of pleasure washed over me, and I think I hugged her under me with more strength than I should have. All of my strength was devoted to pushing up and farther, deeper, whatever I could.
Later, it occurred to me that doing that has to have been an autonomic instinct, a built-in reflex action hard-wired into guys, that we've got to thrust ALL the way when we come.
Still, she hugged me and told me I was beautiful and right, and that this was Exactly Right. Then she encouraged my echoed-jerks of motion, "Yes, Good! Get that last bit, let those feelings out!"
More than feelings were coming out of me.
I thought I was done - but then, aftershock, an automatic hip movement came over me and my lower back and butt just clenched and shoved in, like it was a thing my body knew how to do.
OOooo....
Each after-clench, pausing and longer between, threw huge glowing happy pulses into my brain, lovely sensations of overwhelming YES achievement with each jerk-IN and inhale stutter-breath.
Wow.
Finished, finally, and she kept hugging me and planting big kisses all over my face.
I worried aloud if I was too heavy, lying on top of her. Her smile was relaxed and calming, "Stay. There... This is exactly where I want you."
"Let me know."
We kissed, long and slow, not a hurried kiss, but one where I was highly and continuously conscious of where I was, the things that were touching me all over. I liked that.
Still, after a while I moved, and slipped, and then rolled over on my back and we both faced the ceiling.
Kind of summarizing, I said, "Heck of a thing."
"mmmMMMmmmm..."
I looked over at her, grinning my ass off, and her smile was more contented than elated. I looked down and saw crinkling. "Is the room cold for you?"
She looked back at me, saw where I was looking, and looked down, "Combination. Warm to cool does it sometimes, even if the absolute temperature isn't that cold. Hard to tell. Sometimes they just want to poke. Mind of their own."
"Ah. I'm not familiar, I guess. I think I'd LIKE to be....!"
She chuffed a prideful smile, "I'm not preventing you, Kev. Do you mind if I call you 'Kev', and not Kevin?"
"Whatever. Not worried. Whatever you want. Can I call you Jodi-licious? Jo-Delicious?"
She bit her tongue and looked sideways, "Uh... Not in public?"
"Fair enough."
We lay there a while, talking, and then got up. I had some red on me, and she did, too.
The tissues by the side of the bed, when she took one and looked at it. Even before she touched herself with it, she said, startled, "Ewwww!!!"
It was a comment about the _tissue_ being rough or bad, not me.
I said, "Yeah. I got here? I couldn't believe them! I think they're kind of like the construction paper towels that we have in the boys' bathrooms. Government issue tissue. Definitely NOT Kleenex."
"Wow. I would not be using this long."
"Not my choice. They filled the fridge for me, though. And, if I want food, like a cooked meal, we just order take-out."
"We?"
"My Mom and Dad are down the hall 2 doors away. We've hung out during the day, since.... You know."
"Yeah. No school, so I've been just watching TV all day. I have some Calc homework and AP European History reading, so I've done that, but I don't know what the schedule's gonna be. For school starting again, I mean."
I thought for a moment. "Probably like a week or two out, maybe? Might be, they put you into Clubton Hills [our next door town] for the rest of the year."
"I got a ride over here in a giant SUV and we had to skirt the whole high-school neighborhood, they had it all barricaded. I'd hate to have a house right next door."
"Most of the time, though? Stumble out of bed and across the street to class? That's kick ass."
She nodded. She was dabbing her crotch, and as she pulled it up and looked I could see there was a little red there.
"Bleeding bad?"
"Oh, no. Just leftovers, I'm sure. Mom said it'd stop bleeding quickly. Plus, I have a high clotting factor. We tested that in AP chem class."
"Is that a risk for anything?"
"Nope... Not that they said. Just means that if someone cuts my arm clean off, I might not bleed to death immediately."
"Ah... the, "It's just a flesh wound!" thing."
She didn't know what I meant, and I had to explain the Monty Python Holy Grail movie scene.
We got up. She went to the bathroom; I got some towels and put them on the couch so we could sit and watch TV for a while without getting dressed. I didn't know who'd sat on that couch before me.
There was a VCR and a bookcase with a whole bunch of purchased tapes, like 100 of them, floor to ceiling. I'd watched a few, but it was an odd mix that wasn't really to my tastes, mostly.
The previous night I'd started watching the really old version of Snow White, and not gotten far, so I just pressed rewind and then play. The start of the tape always had a long FBI warning - "don't copy this!" which was pretty funny to my whole group of friends since we knew the process of hooking up cables to copy it was in no way made difficult by reading that warning.
I settled in on the towels and pulled the big, cheap, ugly, foam-polyester blanket over myself and waited, remote in hand and cued up so we could watch the movie.
Hearing motion behind me, I waited, and a couple of minutes passed until she appeared wearing panties but no bra.
I opened the blanket and she snuggled in. Snow White was an innocuous movie I was pretty sure, and she didn't object.
Skin by my side, comfy and warm, I couldn't be happier.
There might have been a few minutes where I actually saw the movie, but the deep pull of sleep (given my previous nights of worry) put me out.
I woke up most of the way through it, then was out again.
Gradually, I became aware of motion, and voices, and that kind of got me moving and awake again.
Jodi was standing by the door, holding it open just a crack. I took in the time - noon - and knew it was the guards doing a check. They did those every four hours - 8, noon, 4, and 8, but left me alone overnight, happily.
She was smiling and looked over to me, "Hey, Kev? They want you to say something."
I piped up with, "I'm fine, guys."
"Sir, Yes, Sir. Thank you, sir."
She shut the door again, not having opened it but a crack and kept herself hidden the whole time. The guards were so obsessively polite that I really respected them and wished I had that much class.
Jodi came back and sat on the ottoman. "Sleepy, eh?"
"Yeah. I guess, stress has been relieved. I was Sooooo worried about this, and ... it's so Not That."
Her half-smile had some restrained happiness to it, "And? I'm not an ogre, apparently?"
I sighed and reflected, "You're freakin' beautiful. Like I have any right to be near you. Still. I had this... idea of what was going to happen over the next few days? It was like, someone would come over like about 4 pm or so, they'd bring dinner or we'd order out, we'd eat something, we'd watch a movie on the VCR here, we'd talk, maybe kiss, we'd be super-awkward and I'd be a huge dork and she'd try to figure me out and fail, we'd be all stiff, go to bed, touch each other twice, have some kind of undefined sex thing go on, kind of wait a minute or two, and she'd leave or just roll over, or just be so freaked out with the Navy stuff she'd watch me with eyes open all night while I slept. Or something."
"Wow."
"I know, right? I guess I didn't think about it in super-clear terms until now, but I think that's what I expected to happen? You so TOOOOOtally threw me for a loop by showing up here this morning. It's a GREAT loop, no question, it's just not what I'd expected?"
"Where did your... date-night-sex-thing come from?"
"The military is seriously controlling everything around here, it's an undercurrent. Sure, I'm hanging out, I have groceries and I can make my own food if I want, or ask them, but there's a regimented aspect to it all, I guess. So, I figured they'd control the dates somehow, too."
"I'm not exactly ... that... uncontrolled." Her face clouded up.
I waited.
She continued, "There's ... You're being incredibly honest with me, Kevin."
"Yeah?"
"I think... I have to be honest, too? There's something I haven't said. They said it wasn't a secret, really, but that I should probably default to not saying anything, unless I thought it was important you know...."
I waited.
"The Doc, she said, first talking with me, and then repeating it for my parents. I'm technically drafted into the military?!? By direct order from ... someone. Anyway, I don't have to report for induction for a long time, but ... So, I know why I'm first, uh, here? Through the door? My cycle started two weeks ago, and... I'm not on birth control. So... it could be..."
Her face was super-worried, and she had the start of tears in her eyes, so I opened my arms and she moved to sit near me and just hold me for a while, and vice versa.
She continued, "So, yeah, that's a possibility. The Doc said, if your plumbing is working, and it looks to be, maybe a 2/3rds chance? Different for different people. But, if it does happen, it will all be paid for, since if I'm military, then I get access to VA hospitals and doctors and special treatment and everything, no bills, ever. And, I'd get free college, pension, childcare, whatever. They made it sound pretty sweet."
"And, you were worried about telling me?"
"It's like, I'm doing this with an ulterior motive, besides just having... an emotional connection with you."
"Jodi, we barely know each other, relationship-wise. I've known you for years, but ... I've never eaten at your house, met your family, anything. We've never kissed before today. I have no right... no reason to think you'd be emotionally committed to me. I'm ... emotionally committed to you, now, but that's because of today."
She looked at me, confused.
"Not emotionally committed, like, exclusive, I'm saying, I think of you... I'm ... I like you, a lot, and now I have an ... emotional connection, I guess. But if you're doing this because you're getting paid cash, well, I can't stop someone else from doing that. I just hope I'm good enough as a person, or, good... at being open? Good at... something. Something that's important to you, that's... a reason to like me, too."
"I don't like you _because_ of this, Kevin. I've liked you for a long time. I didn't think about you too much, certainly, CERTAINLY, not as a romp-in-bed sexy-boyfriend. I'm not objecting, though. I'm sooooo glad you're not an asshole."
"I try..."
She nodded, "We're all assholes sometimes. But not with me, not ever, so far. So, thanks. Now. Let's have lunch?"
She had switched topics quickly.
I suggested, "Want to have a hot one? Maybe, meet my Mom and Dad?"
She looked at me oddly. "You... what?"
"Nevermind. Stupid idea, spontaneous, bad idea."
"No, it's good, I'm just surprised. Sure, you're saying, have a hot lunch with them?"
"Yeah?"
Her head tilted in the whatever-yeah way, "Okay. Let's... not be naked, though."
I reached over to the phone on the table next to the couch and dialed my parent's room. "Mom? Can we come over and have some warm lunch? Can you set it up over there?"
It was settled, so Jodi and I got dressed. I put on the sweats, though, walking around in the light shorts in October didn't seem like a good plan even if we were inside in a basement or whatever.
We brushed teeth and such (we'd been licking each other), and Jodi wondered if she should put on some makeup. I laughed and said, No, mom's not that kind of person.
We walked out, said hi to the guards in the hall, walked down and knocked on their door. They called, "Come in!"
Of course there were introductions to make; I think Mom had seen Jodi at track and cross-country meets, but there was a level of formality when we came in.
We'd heard the food delivery in the hallway which is why we waited until we did, but there was stuff to unpack, get plates out, etc. The hot beef sandwiches weren't very hoity-toity fancy, but they hit the spot.
None of these military meals we got were single-dish things. Every time, there'd be cheese and yogurt and green salads, green beans or carrots or whatever, bread rolls, cottage cheese, canned fruit (I knew the difference), and desserts of small pieces of pie or cake or something.
Each meal probably was delivered with enough food for 2 following meals, so the fridge already had a ton of leftovers, we probably could have lunched on that.
Jodi fielded the questions well, and asked some in return, which got my dad going on what he did for a living. Purchasing agent work isn't that odd or unique, but sometimes he could make it sound pretty entertaining, like when there was a snowstorm, or when one of the drivers showed up with a pet racoon on a leash.
Sitting there, I was struck by the huge contrast going on, emotionally, in my head.
I'd just been intimate, like seriously intimate in the most extreme way possible, with Jodi. We'd done things together neither of us had ever done before, and created an emotional bond out of that. I'd known her for years, but almost certainly my parents didn't know her.
Right next to her at the table, my mother, a Presbyterian minister, a professional woman with a way of being formal around people and yet putting them at ease - she had propriety about what she said and obviously thought. Those things TOGETHER, weren't normal, to me.
Mom's being a minister wasn't a 'conservative' thing. We were a liberal family politically and socially even when the people around us frequently presumed we weren't.
Mom didn't address the idea of what Jodi and I had just spent the morning doing. Even if it wasn't on Mom's mind, it was definitely front of mind for me!
From her perspective, Mom didn't officially know, since Jodi had only been there for 4 or 5 hours by then, so we could have just been hanging out watching TV and not having 'The Hanky' and 'The Panky' and the 'Wowzers-of-my-Trousers' kind of time, yet.
Still, Jodi touched my arm a couple of times, pass this, or what did you think that, and that wasn't lost on me, or possibly my mother (who would have noted such things). My dad is largely clueless and impervious to a lot of social cues, though he's mostly normal otherwise.
We finished eating and went back to our room. I wondered aloud if she wanted to go lie on the bed for a while and maybe take a nap or something, since that seemed nice.
I hadn't meant it that way, but as soon as we walked in the room, she walked over to the dresser, pulled off her clothes and folded them in a neat stack there, getting completely naked.
What was I to do? I just stared, smiling and probably open-mouthed. She spotted me about halfway through but was reasonably matter-of-fact about things and just kept going.
I got the message and did the same thing, even to the point of folding my stuff into a pile next to hers, and she got a chance to watch me get nekkid. I wasn't so much self-conscious, as feeling like I was keeping her from doing something... until I realized it just didn't matter.
Walking up to the bed, she held the covers open for me, and settled in on her side almost facing down on top of me.
We started kissing again, for sure, because if you have a willing person next to you who wants to kiss, why would you not do that?
Her kisses kept going, and shifting downwards, until she was lying across my stomach facing my feet and giving me a blowjob.
This time, she was better at it, and it could have been the angle involved. I just lay back and let it happen for a while, though she had her legs open and I could see her arm moving...
She was rubbing herself as she sucked. The stimulation wasn't very serious on me, and as she turned to me and shifted to straddle my hips, I figured out what was happening.
This time, I got to look right up at her boobs, then at her smiling very pretty face, right down between her legs, and then in the process of that, the head of my cock painting over her slit, back and forth as she moved it and then, with some trepidation I think, sat back on it.
Her grunt wasn't all pleasure, and her eyebrows did a dance with where her gaze was, enough that I could tell she was evaluation what she was feeling.
"Are you okay, Jodi? Can I help?"
She glanced at my face but mostly she was trying to figure out what she was feeling. She stopped moving and breathed, and I had to just delight in how tight and hot/wet she felt around me. I had some instincts, built-in I'm sure, to thrust my hips up deeper, but I resisted that and waited for her to figure out what she was feeling.
"You're... big in there. I can feel all of you, and there's a spot... just inside, probably my hymen, where there's a twinge, but it's not bad. I'm... okay. Doing okay..." (inhale, exhale slowly).
My hands found their ways to her thighs, then her hips, and up her sides, just feeling her skin, not trying to stimulate but to receive the gift of her softness.
Moving again meant flexing and shifting, which she did, and I could see the muscles in the front of her thighs rippling slightly. We were both runners, and that made sense.
A minute or two later, I waited, I noticed out loud, "You're moving at a different rhythm than I took this morning, ah, slower? More deliberate, maybe?"
She looked me in the eyes and smiled a calm smile that turned into an eyebrows-frustrated look, "I ... want to go faster, I think, but there's a little surface pain, and a whole LOT of deep pleasure... but also, a little twinge right at the bottom? I think..."
She considered, settling down and shifting side to side.
I just lay there and enjoyed her movements.
"Yeah. Kev, I think the tip of your penis is brushing against my cervix. That, or ... the side of your cock-head, maybe. Really sensitive, the cervix. With my 'little friend' vibrator, I pushed it in sometimes and it'd hit there and I'd either wince or just _totally_ come, straight away. I didn't ever do it on purpose, but I can't predict it being one or the other, either.
I could only grunt noncommittally. Something told me to shut up and just let things happen.
She leaned forwards and let her boobs dangle and graze lightly over my chest, hard notes with an utterly soft bit around them. They danced over my skin as she moved, a counterpoint to the beautiful bass note of her body sliding up and down on my dick. The nip-tickle was a tiny voice that said, 'Oh, you have it nice, but here's this other nice thing, too.'
The real nice-thing addition is something I've left out entirely - her smiling face at me.
I could grab her sides between her ribcage and hips, where she moved and undulated, and the baby-soft skin gave my fingertips joy. The sensations built on each other: I could feel her thighs and calves alongside my hips; smell her shampoo from her hair dangling by her face (not long hair but still, it was there), feel and hear her breath panting and wanton enjoyment of the whole thing.
Then, the last bit, possibly the best, too - her emotional connection with me.
All that sensation was in the context of a recognition, at least on my part and I was pretty sure on her part, too, that we were long-time school compatriots, fellow band members, fellow running team members (to lump track and cross country together), and even a little that I knew her in junior high, too, though not very well.
That emotional connection made the difference between there being a good thing, and a great thing, in this joining we had.
That connection, I felt, I would not have happened with the Navy women, Beth and Cindi.
Thinking, though, gets in the way of the moment, and I was in the moment. My cock was up and in and sliding into Jodi's pussy, and she wanted that, she was moving to make it happen, and she was in control so I had no worries about doing it wrong.
The world could get kind of beautiful, in that way.
We built up, and built up, and then, well, it was time, and just about the time I was going to come, I shifted my hands both up and down her back, pulling her down, hard, pressing my hips up and into her. It worked - there was more depth - and it felt better, too, pulling that hard against her. I got one one hand onto her lower back, but then shifted it down to be right on her hips, pressing down as hard as I could...I had a hard time keeping quiet, so I just gave up and let it all out.
"HHHHhhhrrnnnnnggggGGG Yazzzzzzz fuuuuuuukkk yah!"
If that wasn't the exact noise I made, well, it was close. I was loud, and I didn't give one flying fuck if anyone heard me (or her yelling either), because, well, why not.
Jodi's reaction to my coming, delayed slightly probably by my actions of holding her down and to me, turned into... a full-blown orgasm for her!
That part was sort-of-normal.
Things got quite a bit less 'normal' at that point.
Granted, I didn't know from normal, I wasn't too experienced at this, but it seemed odd. She kept going in her orgasm, thrashing around, trying to move and shaking, and even some pulsing that I felt where her pussy was grabbing onto my penis rhythmically. It felt super-cool, like a pulse, pulse, pulse thing a bit more than once a second.
Her guttural grunting yells gave me some satisfaction, too, of course, since, hey, it's nice to be able to give someone joy, but I didn't know that would be the response she'd give.
In the Penthouse forum letters, sometimes they'd say something about the girl coming, but not very much beyond yelling and thrashing. The experience of being near her, with my cock in her at the time, that was a different thing than earlier, when I'd been doing oral on her and licking, and she came like I'd seen in the porno videotapes one of my friends' dads had.
Fun stuff.
At first, it just seemed like she was still going for longer than me. That, I thought, was just so cool, that girls could be multiple and to just experience things at such a deep level.
Maybe a minute later, though, which is a hell of a long time for an orgasm, she mostly stopped, and started relaxing. The sounds she was making turned into whimpering with joy. She just collapsed on me, the volume of her past yells still echoing in my ears.
Thinking about this, I had to decide if I was going to mentally 'take credit' for this orgasm, or if I should regard it as accidental and be thankful that I got to be around when it happened.
Still, though, even though she was settling down, some kind of aftershocks went through her as a whimpering-shudder-and fast inhale. I loved that she was doing this, because it meant I had something to do with helping her get there, and maybe it was skill?
I thought about that more in the moment it popped to mind - and I thought, no fucking way it's skill, I'm an idiot and this is like my second time ever, so it's not skill.
It might be luck, though, or just something she's doing.
Still, those movements faded, and she just lay there, doing deep inhales, and holding on to me in some kind of pulsing hug like she wanted to make sure that I was still there by holding me tighter at intervals.
Eventually her movements led to me popping out of her, and she pulled up her head to look me in the eyes.
"Kevin."
"Yeah?"
"Wow."
"It sounded like it."
"I've never..."
"I wonder if anyone has! Fun to watch, you seemed to be... wrapped up."
"I might have passed out? It was like I was floating in and out. I think? Uh...How long? Did... you?"
I grinned, "I was coming myself, but.. you looked like it was one long orgasm? Continuous?"
She leaned in, very deliberately, and kissed me, and I could tell there was some emotion behind it, too. "Kevin. MMmmmm..."
I was getting a little uncomfortable, so I helped her move and she got the message and slid off to the side of me. She seemed a little dazed, so I helped get the covers up over her so she'd be comfy.
Granted, she was cool to lay around with, and just BE with, but pretty soon I realized I seriously had to pee. After I got up and went to the bathroom, I came back to see she was dozing away, very slight snore-bits and a cute totally-relaxed expression.
I wasn't that tired, for once, so I got a glass of OJ and sat down to watch TV. One of the major news networks was covering a riot at a shipyard in Korea where they had just had a whole bunch of major orders canceled and everyone was out of work. The Korean government had issued directives about fish consumption, too, and for a population that ate a lot of fish, the reporters said, this was a big deal.
Switching over, I rewound the Snow White tape and watched it for real this time. The animation was so beautifully done, so graceful... and yet, it suddenly occurred to me that there were no Black people in the whole movie. Or... Asians? Come to think of it, a whole lot of Disney movies were all just pasty white people. Like, even in Mary Poppins. I started going through movies and not getting any memories of seeing that.
One of the guards at the door, Harris, was Black, and we'd talked a little at least. I wondered if he was still on duty, so I paused the movie (it was scrolling through end credits and playing the music again) and went over to the door.
Per the instructions I'd been given, I knocked twice and once before opening, and saw Harris there. I said, "Hey."
He turned to me; the other guard there was a woman M.P. (military police) wearing full body armor. "Sir. Need something?"
Sometimes when I wanted something he'd handle it for me. Like, I'd wanted some blankets and didn't know who to call, and he'd gotten them. I think he just went over and told Marsha, our 'liaison officer'. She was supposed to get stuff for us (mom, dad, and I, and maybe whoever I had over, I didn't know).
Technically I knew Marsha's phone number; she was across the hall and down a few doors, but it just seemed less hassle to walk over and talk to Harris.
The idea of the tissues being stupid came to my mind and completely replaced the idea of asking him about race representation in cartoons.
I said, "Hey, Harris. Sorry to bother you. Can you get Marsha to get me some normal, that is, nice tissues? Like, Kleenex? Soft? We have this stuff, it's like construction paper."
He laughed and said, "Really? They gave you that kind? Huh... I could say, 'Welcome to The Modern Navy' [an advertising slogan], Kevin... But... really, hold on, I'll check."
When he'd said, that, I figured, hey, I'll go get the box. I went back in and left the door cracked, walking to the bedroom and grabbing the box. Jodi was awake, and as I came in she rolled over and sat up, propping herself up on one arm and making her boobs super-fun to look at again.
I was almost distracted.
But, I mentioned the quest for nice tissues, and she got up and brought the box over, and we went back out to the main room.
Standing there, just inside the door, was Harris, a reasonably good looking (I guessed) 20-something Black guy in MP fatigues, and Marsha. Marsha was a lieutenant, red haired, blue eyes, and a really pretty face, enough that I knew in any normal life there's no way I stood any kind of chance with her.
Jodi had been laughing at something and I was, too, so when we came out we realized we were naked in front of them.
I burst out laughing, but I didn't know what to do but just stood there.
Interestingly, Marsha held out her hands for the tissue box, and Jodi (like it didn't phase her), walked over and handed it off. She said, "These are super-crappy tissues. Kevin said we might be able to get some normal stuff?"
Marsha nodded and said, "Certainly, ma'am. And, I've got to apologize, we didn't realize you were indisposed in here."
Jodi chuckled and said, "Not indisposed, just naked. Kevin likes The Naked. A LOT. He said so."
Marsha nodded, "Ah. Noted. Hold one, I'll see if our supply cabinet has anything better." She handed the box back and then left, heading somewhere like she knew where she was going.
I had watched Harris' eyes, and he did a really good job of not staring at Jodi, but it could not have been easy. He turned away as Marsha left and said, "I'll be in the hall. Sir, Ma'am."
As he walked out, I said, "Oh, wait, Harris? One more thing..."
He half-turned, so he could hear but was staring at the wall, "Sir?"
"Stupid question, and ... I don't want... Ug. Okay, so here goes. I was watching Snow White, and noticed... There arent' any Black people in it. Then, I thought about Mary Poppins, same thing? I guess... I'm wondering, if you've noticed, and maybe you would notice more than, say, other people? If... if any of those movies have any..."
I struggled, but realized I had to generalize it.
"...any characters that are Not-White? Maybe anyone that's... Latino, or Asian, or ... Black, or ... anything, that's not white. Is it just me noticing this?"
He turned back to me, glancing to my eyes, then turning to face towards the wall again with a half smile on his face, like he was appreciating something. He said carefully, "Sir. I'm here to guard your door. I'm not a movie expert. But, I guess I can say, there's not many, sir. Not many at all. If you like, I can ask up the chain of command."
I laughed, "Wow. Noooooooo. I don't need an answer to this. I was just wondering if it was just me noticing this... So, I guess... Nevermind. Thank you."
He left the door cracked, and just then, Marsha came back in, and shut the door behind her.
Marsha was naked, head to toe, full-on naked.
If there had been any question, it was answered - she really was a redhead. Freckles across her chest and upper breasts, white-pink skin coloring, pubic hair carpet matched the drapes, yeah.
She was also in tip-top shape. I could see muscle definition in her arms and legs, a sweet six-pack abdomen trailing down to a somewhat oversized pubic hair triangle (compared to the standards of my nudie porn magazines).
Her breasts, which I admit I looked at more closely, were more like older people's, maybe, and were bigger and aimed more downwards, with much larger areolas than Jodi's.
Her nipples were also pretty big, like sizable.
Right near her hip on one side, there was a quarter-sized scar. It was jagged, not like a surgical one, more like a healed wound.
She brought in another box of the same kind of tissues we already had, handed them over to Jodi, and said, "I'm so sorry, that's the only kind we have at the moment. I'll put in a request and someone will get some better ones in a couple of hours, tops, if that's okay, ma'am."
Jodi was rolling with it really nicely, though she had seemed a little dazed since she woke up, so it wasn't just the nudity. She just smiled and gave almost a giggle and said, "Kevin's not going to know what to do."
It seemed like a thing I should address, and my dad had told me about keeping my eye on the ball when I was at a party with one girl and another girl came up - always focus on the girl you're with, it earns points with both of them.
I said, "Jodi, you're the one, I mean, you're my focus, right now, no matter how many gorgeous naked women there are in the room."
Marsha seemed to be trying to hold a sense of businesslike attitude together and ignore the fact that she was stark naked.
My playful sense came out and I said, "So, Marsha. What's the scar? By your hip?"
She looked down and then back to me, focusing on my eyes, I think. "Oh. No war wound here. This was good old stupidity. I was rucking a training course in Japan and we had all these odd food containers we had to carry around in our packs. I tripped, fell, and one of them shattered in the pack, went through, and speared me. Hurt like hell. Pickles. Vinegar and salt water."
We winced. "OOOOooo... Yeah!"
My eyes were close enough, looking at her scar, to look at her sex at the same time and not be obvious about it.
Marsha didn't seem to mind.
Looking at her, I could see through her light pubic hair where her lips were, folded but prominent.
Maybe at that point I should have noticed I was getting a stiffie.
Jodi walked over closer to Marsha and asked, "Do you mind if I look at it closer?"
She shrugged and said, "Sure, go ahead."
I walked over, too, and looked down as Jodi knelt in front of Marsha, first one knee, then both, and reached up and touched her stomach. "You have amazing muscles."
"Thank you ma'am."
"Jodi."
"Jodi, of course, ma'am."
I walked over closer, too. I bent over at the waist, looking down, so I could stare at Marsha's breasts, too.
She must have noticed me noticing her. "You like my breasts, Kevin? You can feel them if you like. All natural. Courtesy of my 3-year-old."
Jodi got excited, "Oh? You're a mom? You're in incredible shape."
"Lots of work, Jodi. Lots of work. I'm divorced, so I have to look good in order to ... compete on the dating scene."
I'd responded to the invitation to feel Marsha's breasts with tentative reaching, but she took my half-outstretched hand and pulled it to her breast, helping me to cup and lift it. There was some heft there, they had some size to them.
Looking down, Jodi was about eye height to my penis, which was poking right forwards. I wasn't up at 45-degrees yet, but I was definitely getting closer.
She looked up at Marsha and said, "Marsha, can I ask you a question? Can you look at this for me?"
Marsha looked down, and I let go of her breast so she could crouch down by Jodi's side. Both of them were looking at my cock.
Jodi said, "So, I have a question - I hadn't seen too many penises. When he gets hard..." Her hand took hold of me gently but firmly and moved me side to side, "...the head part..."
Marsha said, "The 'glans'."
"Glans, it seems to get this huge arrow shape to it, like the edge just is way bigger than the rest?"
"Corona. The ridgeline where the glans is prominent, that's the Corona."
"You know a lot!"
"Married. I've had a lot of experience, but only with three penises. My ex-husbands', and two boyfriends in high school."
"Oh. I'm not very good with blowjobs. I could probably use a few pointers."
I could see the consideration/analysis on Marsha's face. ".... Uh, yeah, that kind of makes sense. See, he's on the larger side, as guys go, and I think your mouth might be on the small side, so... some girls get lucky, like me, I have a big mouth, in lots of ways."
We chucked.
"But, I can take them in better. Should I show you?" They looked up at me.
I thought about it. I could have had a threesome before, with two strangers. This was one stranger. "I... think... just... a little bit? Until I have more... time...?"
"Of course, sir, a 'little bit', coming up."
Looking over at Jodi, since it was her question, she took hold of the base of my cock firmly.
"See? Too firm? It makes the head pop out more. You just can't do that if your mouth is small. Squeeze with your lips and tongue on the head as you suck, compress the head, more will fit in. Only works sometimes."
Glancing up at me, she licked the end of my cock, then opened up wide and my cock went into her mouth. She was calm, like she'd done this plenty before, which made sense. One of her hands was on the shaft, holding me, and I felt her hot wet tongue on my length as she sank it down into her throat. Stopping as she it bottom, she bobbed a moment, tickling the end of my cock, and then pulled up and off it, licking her lips and looking up at me.
Looking over at Jodi, she said, "Like that. Keep looking in his eyes, it has power. Some guys really like that. My ex, not so much, but, eh, you know."
Glancing back at my cock, she aimed it at Jodi's face. "Your turn."
Jodi did what Marsha had done, and it did feel really good.
I took the moment to ask. "Marsha, why did you come in here naked?"
She was matter of fact, "Jodi told me clearly, 'Kevin likes the naked' and I was pretty sure that meant it would help her and you if I was naked, too. So, I did that. I'm sorry if I offended you, sir."
I was quick to say, "No, no worries, I do like the naked, very much." Pausing again, I said, "You can keep... doing..."
"Coming here naked, or giving you blowjobs?"
Jodi was trying to blow me at that moment. I laughed, "Both. Definitely both, but ... not so much of the BJ's right now, I have...I'm ... I want to be busy."
"Of course."
Marsha stood up and walked to the door. "My number is on the wall there, you need something, I'll come right over. Anytime, no worries. It's actually simpler if I'm naked, I don't have to get my uniform on before I walk out the door."
I laughed.
She left, nodding. I looked down at Jodi, and pulled her up, but she held up a finger to say, 'wait', and went over to the kitchen counter. Marsha (or someone) had brought in a Coleman-branded coffee thermos.
Taking the top off, she got out some condoms and said, "Sperm sample, they REALLY want this."
I shrugged, and she brought it over and knelt in front of me. I was certainly up, so she got the condom out, pinched the end to leave space, and unrolled it down my cock.
I'd never had a condom on before. It felt kind of interesting, not bad, not great, just kind of fun as an idea. She smiled, tossed the wrapper onto the side table, spat into her hand and rubbed it on the condom, then stood to straddle, facing me.
Well then!
We kissed, and she reached down and put me in. I was... in her? It was disconnected, almost right, and yet not quite what it was before.
I definitely lasted longer than I had the first two times.
For that matter, I was pretty sure I still had at least one full cum left in me, and after some expressions of joy, she had a full cum left in her.
And, then, as she got off, the full come was On me, and then off me, and then pinched shut with a clip and dropped into... Wow, the thermos had a funky lid, and if fogged as it came off. She had liquid nitrogen in there.
Knocking at the door, she opened it and held out the re-closed thermos. "Sperm Sample."
The guy at the door took it and we went back to relax and watch TV.
== ==
Sitting around with a girlfriend naked is fun, but it did get cool and we didn't have full control of the thermostat. It was set with some kind of hex key thing and I was fresh out of tools (though sometimes my backpack had more tools than strictly speaking I should have in school).
Thus, we went back and pulled on clothes again, at least t-shirts and sweats, of which I had plenty.
My mom called over at about 5 pm and asked if we'd want dinner with them or if we were going to fend for ourselves. I said we'd be happy to join them, since we'd had fun but I liked the idea of not being totally locked away for a day, even if we'd had intermittent interactions.
Dad had ordered up a dinner of ribs, but there was only enough for 3 ribs apiece for us and the rest was side dishes that actually looked pretty healthy.
Their room was warmer, so a few minutes after getting there, Jdoi and I pulled off our sweatshirts. For a t-shirt, Jodi had borrowed a white undershirt they'd given me. This wouldn't have mattered, but she had not re-put-on her bra, had just enough of a tan, and had just prominent enough nipples and areolas that what she had was pretty much on display.
This visibility wasn't obvious to me because I'd taken her sweatshirt with mine to put on the back of the couch while she sat down, and then I had to go to the kitchen to get a beer for my dad, who was having a good time due to them providing him an unlimited supply of his favorite brand of German Pils.
Sitting down again, I realized the relative prominence, or should I say, prominences, of Jodi's appearance, gulped a little, and looked for a reaction from my parents.
Mom had a half-smile but said nothing, probably presuming that Jodi knew full well what was happening. I'll add that Jodi probably did.
My father, he just grinned away, and took frequent sips on his beer bottle, which afforded him the chance to look down the bottle as he chugged and directly at Jodi's thin-shirt-hidden boobs.
After some conversation and probably a third of the mealtime done, I looked over at Jodi and she was smiling, too, then, and I was pretty sure she had figured out what was happening.
Deciding that it might be fun to describe, in general terms only, the mix-up that had happened with Marsha, I just said she had misinterpreted something I said and that led to a startling 'outcome'.
Really, I was going to leave it that way, but Jodi piped in and said, "I only repeated what you said, that you really liked it, nakedness, that is, and she decided that meant she had to be, too."
My dad had seen Marsha, since her duties were to help all 3 of us. I saw my dad's eyes get bigger.
Mom's even temperament shone through as she took bites, ever her semi-formal self, and said, "So, did you see more than you expected?"
I laughed and said, "I saw what I love to see, for sure."
My dad laughed and nodded.
Looking over at Dad, I said, "You get the picture, right? It was... incredible, Marsha's a really beautiful woman. And, Jodi's a really good sport, not objecting at all." I was covering, and everyone knew it.
Deciding to go a little on the offensive, I looked over at Mom and asked, "So, would you object? Like, if dad got to see a really beautiful body... besides yours, of course?" I kind of winked, and everyone laughed at my attempt at flattering Mom.
It was good natured ribbing, for sure, but sometimes Mom could come back with a zinger. "Your father has seen many things in his lifetime. Some, more beautiful than others. Frankly, I think I'd handle a little nudity a lot easier than he would."
Jodi leaned over to me (as Dad started to say something about Marsha really being a redhead), and half-whispered, "That's a really interesting question, you think?"
Right at the same time, my dad said, "Marsha really surprised you, didn't she?"
I had a piece of gristle in my teeth I was preoccupied with, heard my dad and heard Jodi and got flummoxed.
In retrospect, Jodi took the word I said, which partially applied to multiple of these conversations, seriously. I'd said, "Definitely. Yes."
Quickly, but with some casual flair, Jodi put down her fork, dabbed her mouth with the napkin, and pulled her shirt off. Half-folding it, she turned around and hung it over the back of her chair.
Mom and Dad stopped arguing. Dad burst out laughing, at which point Mom did, too, and then both Jodi and I did.
Dad, scooping up a fork-full of mashed potatoes, did a half-smile and said to Mom, "Well, Linda. I think Jodi has just settled the argument. I'm pretty sure I'm not freaking out."
Mom just sighed, looked at Jodi in the eyes and said, "I seem to have lost control of this conversation."
Jodi chuckled with her and they touched each other's shoulders in a sign of affection.
Jodi explained and said, "My mom told me, last night, if there's a way to be even slightly more provocative with Kevin, take it, most guys are way too shy and these people, the military people in our house, they seem to think it's vital, so, yeah, be really forward."
Mom smiled, she understood now what was going on. "Your mother sounds like a practical person."
"Oh, mostly. I hope I get that from her." She looked at me and leaned over, and kissed me on the cheek. I felt her touch and reveled in it.
Dad just sat there, chewing, but now blatantly staring at Jodi's breasts.
"Greg," Mom said, "You're staring. That's not polite."
Dad knew how to craft a line, and I sometimes envied that. He said, "Now, Linda. I've spent the meal looking at Jodi's best features - her eyes - and now, I'm just having to make do."
I tried to help him out. I'm not saying I'm on Dad's side more than Mom's, but yeah, sometimes I am. I had a real question, but it seemed like I should ask Dad instead of Mom. "Dad, do you know the name of the little bumps on the areola? I've seen them in Playboy, but they don't use anatomy naming... so much as, just, slang."
Jodi looked down at her nipples, which were reasonably prominent given that she was probably quite excited by this situation and it was warm, but not hot, air. She grasped her breast and turned the areola area more upwards so she could look closer.
Mom, without batting an eye and knowing full well my dad didn't know the answer (obvious by his expression), said, "Montgomery's glands. The bumps are called Montgomery glands. They make natural skin oils, which help with nursing. Perfectly natural. Everyone has them, I think, men and women."
She finished by adding, looking him in the eyes, "Even you, Greg."
We all laughed again, and I complimented (genuinely) the ribs and food.
They talked for a while and I was mostly quiet.
At a lull in the conversation, when we were mostly done and starting to clean up, I asked them all, "So, you figure they have these apartments bugged for sound, right?"
Dad thought about it and said, "Actually, I would hope so, given how important this odd situation is, so, yeah."
"You figure they're going to get a transcript of the fact that Jodi took off her shirt?"
Dad got a giant grin and said, "If they have a videotape, I'd pay good money to have a copy, and I'm here right now."
Mom punched him in the shoulder lightly but giggled, and I loved the fact that my mother was having fun. Usually she was a lot more serious.
We helped with the dishes, and I noticed that Jodi didn't put her shirt back on all the while we were walking around, but eventually when the dishes were done, we both put our sweatshirts on again to get ready to leave.
Mom said, facing me (but really to Jodi who was standing next to me), "Kevin, I think everyone knows that you're going to have, what, 19 more girls come over to visit? I think there's no possible way we could end up with a better dinner companion among those 19 than Jodi, here. Playing along with your father's games! You can bet that we'll be talking about this for a while."
Then, turning to look at Jodi, she added, "This will be just between ourselves, dear, I'm not the kind of person to tell others about our private family business. And, I'm sure a young woman has considerations of being gossipped about."
Jodi gave her a hug, "I won't see you in the morning, ma'am, so I'll say my goodbyes now. Thank you for your gracious hospitality and the chance to talk with you so frankly."
Turning to my Dad, she said, "Sir, Mr. Kooper, thank you also. I can see the spark in your eye is the same one Kevin has and it's fun to see."
"Of course."
We walked back to the room. There was a note on the kitchen table that had directions for what Jodi would do. It said things along the lines that she could leave anytime before 7:30 am, but she had to be out by then or she'd be escorted out. The next person would arrive between 8 and 8:30, though if I wanted to delay that I could.
I didn't need to change anything, so we just sat and watched TV and held each other for a while.
After another movie or two, we got frisky and headed for bed.
Jodi wanted to make love a last time for the night missionary, so we could look at each other, but again, she ended up building to an orgasm well before I did, and then just kept going for about a minute or maybe even longer after I finished, even still going slightly after I pulled out.
In the heat of the moment, some minutes after returning to consciousness, she said, "I love you, Kevin Tiberius Kooper."
I took that as a compliment, and I was pretty sure I loved her, too, so I said, "And it's impossible to not love you, Jodi Tiberius Sandoval Kooper."
Sandoval was her real last name.
She asked me, "Why'd you call me Tiberius?"
"It's not my middle name either."
She laughed and said, "I decided this afternoon, lying here in bed, if a kid comes out of this, his name will be Tiberius, and if it's a girl, it'll be Tibee."
"Ah."
She looked at me oddly. "You added your last name to mine. Is that an invitation?"
I laughed and said, "I can't do that. I think, if we were in an Islamic country and I could have many wives, I would have to think about - and ask you about - what name to call you."
This got a huge eye-roll from her, "Well played, sir. Well played. I know I can't be the only one. That's fine. I'm content to have been the first, though, and it's just beyond fantastic that you were my first, too."
We kissed, and just lay there in silence until the dark mist of sleep took me.
Vaguely, I felt the covers being pulled up over me, and her settling in beside me, the world-clarifying beauty of warm skin on skin giving me a contentedness beyond comparison in my former life.
Alice Jungfrau
The alarm clock beside my head hadn't been turned on since I'd been there, but that was what I awoke to. "Bzzzzzzzrrrrrrrrrrrt!! ... Bzzzzzzzrrrrrrrrrrrt ... Bzzzzzzzrrrrrrrrrrrt "
Ug. I rolled to turn it off, and it read 7:00 am.
A note, simple folded notebook paper, was next to it. It read, "Dearest Kevin: Some relationships only ever start, some never start, some start and keep going. I pray this one will be unending. I so hope for a day when we have the chance to 'hang out together' again, be it soon or in the far future. Be well, take good care of yourself, and thank you so much for the gifts you've given me that I can't possibly repay. I love you with a full and expanding heart. -- Jodi-licious Tiberius Sandoval Kooper"
Now, that's a note!
Thinking on it and re-reading it, I wondered if I'd ever be classy enough, and skilled enough, to write a note like that. Looking at my dad, and how he'd gotten through life, I doubted it. I might learn, though.
Time was wasting, though.
Before I had too long to think about it, though, I heard knocking on the apartment door.
'Great!' I thought, Marsha's come over to shake her boobs at me again. I considered this with a little disdain, but at the same time, she was super-sexy, and I could kind-of imagine what that would be like.
Or, maybe it would be Harris. Or, my mother. I had no idea.
I got up, pulled on some underwear because I'm not a shlub, and opened the door. It was (drum roll please) Alice Jungfrau.
These people were Definitely Not in any particular order. If so, I'd have put her way near the bottom.
Nothing against her of course! She was just super classy and reserved and I didn't know how I'd talk with her.
Basically, she was the super-quiet type, a girl from the band who played the trumpet ten times better than any other person could play their own instrument, with the exception of Nick who played flute and did competitions.
Every year, even Freshman year, Alice had gotten Firsts in all-state band and performance competitions, and had also won top ranks in chorus all-states.
(Note: winning a 'first' is like being ranked in the top 10%, but doesn't imply winning like you'd win a race. Getting a first means having top skill levels. Our band always won firsts as a band, but that's because we were competing with a lot of downstate and poor areas that didn't have money for good instruments, etc. Plus our band director kicked ass.)
Alice was so quiet generally that she didn't say much in band, though I heard a rare joke or two from her since I sat in front of that section, and I knew she could be really funny.
I'd picked Alice mostly because of how intrigued I was by her jokes and understated personality. There was also a matter of her having a really pretty face, and I'd seen random things (we did marching band together and I'd been in chorus with her for a year and we all had to wear nice clothes to concerts). Those random things made it unequivocal that she had a rockin' body, but she mostly kept it hidden and that made me want to see the rest of her, too.
Further, since I knew she was shy, I figured she probably didn't already have a boyfriend.
My thought about boyfriends was, if a girl already had a boyfriend, and I was asking them to spend time with me, it would kind of be asking them to cheat, to break a trust with that guy? I didn't want to hurt anyone or get in the middle of something if someone already was in love.
So, there we were.
She just stood there, and so did I, hair a mess and not even a t-shirt on.
The hallway was chilly, and I was confused, "You're not supposed to be here for another half hour? hour? I thought they told me... Oh, nevermind, come in... Sorry...!!!"
I waved her to come inside, and she did, wheeling a small black suitcase as well as her backpack. I had no idea why she had brought it, but then again Jodi had brought one, too.
She seemed confused about being there, and I was, too, though more about the timing.
"Please," I closed the door behind her, "Be comfortable? I soooo need a shower, I'm ... confused. They said, 7:30."
"Not my fault. The van picked me up, I'm here." Her voice was still the same timbre as the one I'd known behind me, but it was definitely more assertive than I'd heard it.
She stopped and pushed her suitcase to the wall, looking around. I hadn't cleaned, so there were towels on the couch and a rumpled blanket, some dirty cups on the kitchen counter (last night's OJ during the movies), and some clothes I'd happened to leave over the backs of chairs.
"Your apartment?"
This was the part where we did small talk, I figured, so I played along. "Yep, sorta. I don't think I have to pay rent. They kind of kidnapped me, but it's more of a guest situation than a prisoner one, I hope."
My brain was mostly awake, but this was a lot to throw at me all at once; I ran my fingers up my forehead and through my hair, considering that I might be insulting her by having the place a mess from the previous girl and not cleaning up.
As she propped up her bags, I kept winging it, speaking off the cuff. "Uh, I think - that they think - that there'll be like hordes of Mongolian women chasing me, overtopping the hills, burning barricades, pitchforks or roses or something, coming to either kiss me or kill me. So, guards at the door and no windows."
I passed the statement off like it was nothing, but it was kind of what I was thinking.
She nodded, but continued to look around the room, including at me.
Alice always looked to me like she could see right through anything you had going, and her glances seemed to just say, 'Yeah, I know, but I'm not saying anything.'
In this case, I let that happen for a moment and then said, "You can take your coat off. If you're going to be here most of the day, I think? If you want? So, please, uh, just pretend this is your home, too, and it's a normal day, except you get to hang out with a new person. I'm ... not that interesting, maybe, so I'm sorry ahead of time."
She just nodded at me and waited, like I was supposed to do something.
I remembered I needed, desperately, to take a shower. "Can I ask you to, uh, hold on about ten minutes? I seriously need to take a shower, I don't want to be stinky around you."
She shrugged, but was still seemingly pretty formal with me. "Feel free?"
I nodded and turned around, walking fast to the bathroom. I also had to pee.
My morning routine getting ready for school was twelve minutes, fourteen if I had to check my center-of-eyebrow hairs and maybe ear-hairs. I had that part down. It took me a little longer, I think, because it was a different bathroom and because I used soap twice on general principles.
Coming out without a bathtowel, she wasn't in line-of-sight so I ducked in the bedroom and threw on clean underwear, shorts, a shirt, and just grabbed my socks to go back out there.
She was waiting calmly, looking over the VHS video library. She still had her coat on.
I held out my hand, "Can I take your jacket?"
Unzipping her light coat, she pulled it off and handed it to me. I took it over to the alcove that stood in for a closet and hung it up. "I do try to be tidy, but you're early... but I'm kind of out of practice since I'm not exactly settled or ... sure what I'm doing, like, at all."
"The innocent bystander."
I laughed, "You have no idea!! No clue. No idea. All of a sudden, big floaty head, I'm either the savior or the antichrist, except it's not me, but he says he's me, but not me, a future possible me, but not really definitely, just sort of a version that might be, yeah."
She laughed and said, appreciatively, "That's probably the best summary so far."
Her sweatshirt underneath her jacket was light but very baggy, and I knew she never, ever took those off.
I walked back over and held out my hand to shake hers, "Hello. Maybe we haven't been introduced, sort-of, enough. I'm Kevin. Kevin Kooper."
She half smiled a weary smile that said she hadn't gotten enough sleep. "Alice. Alice Jungfrau." Her hand was cool in mine, but she had a good grip.
Her face made a consideration half-side-of-face grimace, and then she nodded and stepped a little closer and said, "My mother told me to do this, so, please, just go with it?"
"Okay?"
Her arms went to the sides of my head, and her hands lightly held on both sides near my ears. She put her cheek to mine and kissed my left cheek for a long two-count, then looking in my eyes, went to the other side to repeat that, and then she did it again, four kisses in all.
Pulling away, she was smiling.
I walked back over to her.
She continued to evaluate me and I knew something important was coming.
She asked, "How honest do you think you are?"
I thought about it. "My mother is a minister? My parents are basically honest people, so I'm pretty sure I always know what the honest thing to do is. Sometimes I don't live up to that. I do lie sometimes. I put the oranges on the ledge and then pretended I didn't know anything about it."
She rolled her eyes, "Everyone knew that was you, Kevin. Well, I knew, you had those poles next to Brad's sousaphone case for like a week."
It was my turn to ask a question. "How honest are you? Are you squeaky clean?"
Instead of laughing, she shrugged and said, "I am what my God made me. Mostly, yes. I lie sometimes, too. I hope to not lie to you."
I nodded at that, it was a good answer.
She waited a moment, and it almost got awkward again. She decided something, and put her right arm on my right shoulder, across our bodies, and guided my left arm to cross to her opposite shoulder, too.
Once we were set, she looked down and moved her leg, and got me to do the same, so our right feet were past each other and we were touching knees.
Lastly, our other arms came across and we held each other's forearms, more than a handshake.
"This is something my grandfather taught me. He said, do this with someone you must trust, it has magic. I didn't believe in magic then, and I don't now, but I do believe in asking for all the help we can get. You ready?"
"For what"?
"I'm going to say something, in Arabic. You will repeat it. Then, you can kiss both of my cheeks, and I kiss yours again. The phrase means, 'Blood Trust'. It means we are bound together almost like family, and if bad things happen between us, we can trust each other like family to fix it. Is this okay?"
I was game. I liked it, actually. "Sure."
She looked in my eyes and said, "Hold your eyes on mine while we speak, okay? It matters."
"'Kay"
Very slowly and clearly, she said, "Al thiqat bialdam." (From her, it sounded like, "Alt-Hee-Quato Bi-damm-ee").
Repeating Arabic is okay if it's short, and it was. She was staring directly into my eyes as I said it, I could see I did it right when she nodded.
She asked, "Next? This."
I bent in, mirroring her, and we kissed cheeks again, four kisses of two seconds each, then she did that for me, too.
She still seemed preoccupied, then, and said, "Right. Last part. You have a shoe? Ah, doesn't matter, you can put your foot on mine."
Going over to one of the small table lamps, she unscrewed the light bulb and went into the bathroom and got a small hand-towel. Coming over to the kitchen linoleum, she wrapped the towel around the light bulb and put it in the center of the floor.
Motioning for me to come over again, we got in the cross position like we'd been, but this time, my (bare!) foot was on top of her shoe, which was hovering over the wrapped bulb.
She said, "Press down on my foot, keep our feet together or your foot might get cut, okay?"
I nodded. Hell, it wasn't my light bulb, or my towel.
"Ahava Khavua. Permanent Love, Love unbroken, some things changed cannot be undone. Stomp with me."
Her foot went down, and mine with it, the heel of her shoe easily bursting the light bulb in the towel. I had no risk, my foot was on top of hers, but I could tell she was worried.
Stepping away from the mess carefully, she was smiling widely and incredibly relieved, apparently.
Looking at me, she said, "Stay there." She went to the door (I told her to knock first) and opened it, "Mr. Harris, can you come in here please?"
"Ma'am, yes, ma'am."
He came in, as usual, all business. She pointed at the towel on the floor. "Can you verify for me that there is a broken light bulb in that towel, please?"
He looked at me with a huge one-eyebrow-up, what-the-hell look, but shrugged and said, "Sure, I guess." He went over and kicked it, and sure enough, it crinkled like a broken glass bulb. "Sounds like it."
"Excellent. Mr. Harris. Please can you watch this carefully, and listen?" She went to stand next to me, reaching out her right hand to touch my left shoulder, then stepped behind me at arm's length holding that, almost to the side almost-behind pose.
He said, "Wow."
She said, "I pledge."
Obviously, he was supposed to say something, so he said, "Okay?"
"Thank you. Can you write down exactly what I just did, in your own words, it can be very short, a paragraph or less, and sign your name to it? I need it for my grandfather."
He shrugged. "You got it, ma'am." Looking at me, he asked, "Is that okay, sir? Should I?"
I said, "Please do, I guess. Sounds good to me."
His head tilted to the mess, "You need a broom for that, it's in the closet."
"Gotcha."
Harris was not a maid. He had ... different skills.
As the door shut behind him, Alice said, "You probably have lots of questions."
I laughed, "Uh... Yeah?"
"Sit." She motioned to a chair, and took the couch next to it. "My mother is Jewish. My father is Jordanian, but originally from a small tribe in Yemen. They have a marriage which is, I think, unusual."
I didn't know where those were, so she explained Jordan bordered immediately east of Israel, and Yemen adjoined Saudi Arabia on the south, across the channel from Africa. I could picture that.
"When we got the visit from the doctor, what, day before yesterday? The doc told me what was up, I said yes to an exam, and then things got really complicated. My mother's family is Hasidic, and there is a truce between the parts of our families for the sake of myself and my brother and sisters, and my half-sisters and half-brothers. My father's family is split. One side keeps supremely oddball-strict halal, it's like the Islamic version of kosher, very careful diets. The other side is liberal, lived in Beiruit, very western and, now, French."
There was a lot to unpack.
"So, once my parents found out what I'd agreed to, and they had no choice because the doctor had some big armed guys with him as well as some other FBI types? They said, work it out, she gets to decide or we can make your life difficult."
"They hemmed and hawed, and came up with this idea, partly by conference call, lots of people on the line at once. Plus, probably something to do with drinking tea so strong your teeth would fall out." She was amused, but it also had some serious undertone to it.
I laughed.
"We are effectively married now."
That dropped my lunch.
"I didn't..."
"No, you didn't. You only agreed to respect me enough to not lie to me - the three touch points and family trust part - and I committed to marry you. You did not need to pledge to me. Since you do not know our traditions, and are the son of a Christian priest. Pastor, minister, whatever - You have a complete 'out' with them. What I did, effectively made me your concubine."
"I've heard that word?"
"A member of your household who you will do some things for, if you want, but have no obligations besides honesty, and sex. And childbearing, too. The honesty part, that's a fun trick, in the traditions. It's only 3-quarters honesty. We touched two arms and one leg, that's only three-fourths. We must be Mostly Honest, by ancient law. There need not be commitment on your part. For, me, I get complete freedom now. I can do whatever the fuck I want."
"I've never heard you swear."
She laughed. "I don't think I have, much, when I'm around anyone else. It felt Great to do it, though. I just threw it in!"
Her giddiness inspired me, though I was getting cold sitting there.
"So it's okay if I marry someone else? Do I have to promise anything else? If I do something bad, will I get arrested and deported in a bag to some desert place?"
Her assurance was total, "No. Absolutely, No. Even then, I am your property, so if you discard me, either by saying so, or by treating me badly, I can go to a group of elders and ask to be emancipated, and if it's justified, some governments will even give me a pension."
"Wow. Retired at age 18."
"I think I'd have to have kids in order to get more than a pittance, but a pittance goes a long way in some parts of the world."
"Oh."
"You know what the best parts are? I get to do whatever I want. I can have sex, I can walk outside without the hijab headscarf if you say I have to, basically, I can do most anything if I just say you told me to do it. I've known you for like 4 years, Kevin. You're not going to tell me to wear hijab, are you?"
I giggled, "No. I might tell you to get naked, but no hijab."
She was game, but concerned, "You want?"
"Uh... definitely, sure, but, first...I feel kind of stinky. I need a shower."
"Can I make breakfast for you?"
"Sure."
"Eggs and toast? Yogurt?"
I stood up, "Whatever you want, plus that, or cereal, whatever, for me."
Walking over to the bathroom, I went in and got cleaned up, hair and teeth brushed and fresh-feeling, maybe a half hour later.
Alice had made breakfast - a cheese, onion, and mushroom omelet wrapped in a small pita (? odd but I could see the advantage), a small square of super-sweet nutty baklava, yogurt with the raspberry preserves in it, and a coffee in a small cup.
The coffee looked super-thick. I asked. She said it was Ethiopian coffee, she'd brought the grounds with her, and a little bit goes a long way so definitely very tiny sips.
The meal? I couldn't ask for better. I started eating alone, but I insisted and she told me that felt decadent because in her house, the men eat first and the women eat second, usually in the kitchen. She said she didn't want that, for a lifetime thing, but it was what she was used to and it's hard to break 'paradigms' (I had to look it up - 'worldviews').
She asked what the apartment was like as a place to stay, and I just said that the thermostat didn't seem to work, so it was a little cool when we weren't dressed... oops!
I realized - I'd given away that I'd been, we'd been - another girl and I - walking around naked.
Still, she seemed to nod to this like it was no big deal. I thought that it might be crass, implying something, an innuendo about secrets, some kind of jealousy or crass innuendo, or something low-class, by saying that I'd been that way with someone else and not her.
Looking at her face afterwards, I realized either my worry was unfounded because she'd suspect that anyway, or she just showed so little change of expression I'd never really know.
She just asked the next question - about my family - and I told her some basic details.
After we ate, I just sat there while she moved the dirty dishes to the countertop, then excused herself to use the bathroom.
I could have gotten up, but I heard the sink water, and the toilet flush, and some singing that came through as a Berlioz piece we'd played once. I was lost in just living in the moment; usually I got bored easily, but there was something so strange about just waiting like that I sat there without an agenda.
And... she came out - unclothed!
Alice was about 5'6" (165 cm), with a super-athletic build, at least the muscles in her shoulders and pretty cut looking figure said she worked out. Jet black super-curly hair, usually held back or under the hoodie, turned out to be past shoulder length and held in back by a scrunchie, which was the only fabric she had on.
Her waist came in but had the kind of ripples in stomach muscles that weren't quite sixpack because there were lateral muscles that came down her sides that had some definition, too.
Her legs were showed definition, a little bit of rippling, like she'd done weightlifting or something.
I admired her muscles and she said she played lacrosse in a mostly Arab independent league, but had permission to work out with the high school lacrosse team even if she didn't play games with them.
It had done great things for her.
She had a huge bush, but I didn't say anything.
I was dressed, so I asked if she would feel comfortable if I got undressed, too, and she said sure, do what you want, it's your house, and (laughingly said) 'I'm your servant'.
"So, I can order you to do things, and you have to do them?"
"Either I do what you say, or I have to go back to my parents and say you are not honorable and that's why I didn't do what you wanted. That'd make for huge questions, so ... I'll tell you if I don't want to do something, and if you insist, then we'll have to start negotiating."
My brain got working on what I could order her to do, to test this out, but I realized I didn't want to order her to do anything. Just as I was about to say that, I got inspired. "Okay, then. I have a question, about what would happen if I gave you a specific order. The order would be, that you would have to tell me the absolute truth, even if it was uncomfortable or might hurt me. Would that be okay?"
She thought for a moment and said, "I cannot violate some ... promises. Not made to you, to my mother. I have some family secrets. Mostly they are about who ... lives places, and who is an alcoholic. I cannot reveal those. But, otherwise? Sure! Brutal honesty, I can do that."
"Okay, then. From now on, when I ask you a question, you must answer with total honesty, regardless of hurting me or yourself by doing so. If you are going to hurt someone else, you should say something, though, before, to warn me. I don't want to hurt anyone."
"Understood. I will do that."
"Good. Now. First. How do you get your sweatshirt hood to stay on your head all the time like that?"
She burst out laughing, her boobs bouncing and shifting, she covered her mouth and bent over like it was just the funniest thing she'd heard in a long time. Eventually she recovered and said, "Sticky tape or velcro on a hair scrunchy, and another one on the inside of the hood."
"Aaaahhhh!!! I see. We'd debated - the saxophones plus Nick and Dave and I, how you did that, like if it was your supernatural power held in place by mind-control rays."
I was laughing, too. We had lots of theories.
"We even entertained the idea of coming up behind you and trying to pull it down, but both Dave and I decided that would be seriously mean 'cuz we figured it had to be a religious thing. Or, we thought it might be that you were just pretending it was religious if you had a bald spot or something, like cancer, maybe."
She gave me a what-the-heck-was-that smile but said, "Thank you?"
I led her back over to the couch, and took off my clothes in front of her, with her sitting down and watching me.
My cock was already at half-mast, just looking at her, but I somehow wasn't worried about her seeing it. Maybe a little, but not a lot. I'd spent so much of the previous day naked, it seemed like it would be better to get it over with.
I peppered her with questions. What languages did she speak? English, Arabic, Hebrew, Farsi, and Yemeni Hadrami Arabic, which she said was kind of different and it sounded to her like she was speaking normal Arabic with an accent, like people from Georgia or Texas do with English.
Had she dated anyone else?
Yes, two boys from her mosque, and one boy from Hebrew school when she got Bat-Mitzvah'd. She said she had a really way-too-full life working through both learning Koran and Torah - enough to do her Bat Mitzvah at least, and she thought that most American kids had it way too easy.
I laughed and agreed, thinking about growing up as a preacher's kid, which meant lots of non optional church activities, and mentioned that my life had a bunch of religious stuff, but usually it was boring, not studying.
Her nod said she would have loved to have been bored. I would have loved to have learned languages! Presbyterians didn't need that, though.
Taking advantage of the 'must tell the truth' (and playfully rubbing it in that she had to follow it), I asked her some girl stuff I'd been wondering about.
Did she really want to wear a bra? Was it more or less comfortable than not wearing one? Was she worried about her boobs sagging over time? What did she worry about most of the time? Did she look at guys' crotches? Did she imagine as she looked at a guy what they look like naked?
Were there any guys she wanted to just go up and kiss randomly? Did she masturbate often? Did she have a toy? Did she talk about dildos or vibrators with her friends? Did her friends talk about sex?
She answered, even though I wasn't sure I really wanted the answers. It turned out okay though, she made a lot of her life sound pretty everyday-normal, even when life for a girl was really different from mine.
Did she know anyone in arranged marriages? Yes, some people from her mosque, and they were happy enough it seemed, though less lovey-dovey than some other couples, but more than others, so it probably didn't matter.
There was a knock on the door, and without thinking too much, I called, "Yes?"
"It's Marsha, can I come in?"
I looked right at Alice and said, "Yeah, come on in."
Alice looked back at me like I was crazy letting a woman in while both she and I were naked, but she didn't say anything.
Marsha poked her head in the door, saw we were on the couch, and shut the door behind her.
Marsha was NOT wearing clothes.
Alice's eyes got big and she squinted, "Uhhhh..."
Thinking fast, I said quietly, "Alice, I... order you to, roll with it."
She gave me pursed-lips furrowed-eyebrows look that has no description.
Marsha had shut the door and come in
"Checking in for the day, Kevin."
"Good that you're here. This is Alice. Alice, this is Marsha. She's the liaison officer, sort of a concierge for the place."
Marsha shrugged and said, "More than a concierge for certain. But, I'll handle things if asked."
"So what's up?"
"So, yes, there's news. We have a change of location scheduled, and there's a couple of options for where that is - options for leadership, not necessarily for you. Though, you can chime in if you want something specific for a reason. Mostly it has to do with moving our RBF Command, and that includes you, somewhere with better communications facilities, more people, a better security setup, all that."
Alice asked me, "What's RBF?"
I shrugged.
Marsha said, "New acronym. It stands for Responsive Bargaining Facility, which is reflective of how we're functioning as a coordination point between lots of different nations doing fishing and water rights, and how we can reorganize our security setup to enforce the treaties that are now being negotiated."
Both Alice and I nearly-silently said, "Ah..."
Marsha always had more, so I asked, "And?"
She smiled, "Yeah, and, it also could, possibly, unofficially, stand for Really Big Fucking-head, but you didn't hear that from me."
I laughed at that, "Marsha. There have to be massive numbers of eavesdropping bugs in this room. Nothing said in here could possibly be secret. I've had to live with that."
She shrugged, "Yeah, I pretend they aren't there. But, yeah, probably."
"Where are we going?"
"Likely just over to Great Lakes Naval Air Station, but we might head to Pearl Harbor or maybe even one of the big SAC bases like Nellis."
My eyes opened, imagining paradise and said, "Hawaii is nice," then added, "But wherever they want me to be is great... probably? I'm sure it'll be fine."
The conversation paused for a moment, and I realized I was looking at her boobs again, and at her crotch. "You trimmed up, looks like, Marsha."
"Yes, sir. I am aware the standard for this is much more neat and tidy than I was keeping things."
Alice looked down at her bush and got concerned.
I could see her concern and asked, "Are there special things that girls use for trimming, Marsha? Or, is it just the same stuff I have in the shower - shaving cream and a razor?"
Marsha considered this, "If you want it off for a while, you can use wax, which is really pretty painful. It lasts a couple of weeks, though. Sure, razor works fine. I like the new men's kind that has two blades and a tilting head, Atra? You have that, I made sure."
"Okay." I thought for a moment, "Would it help to have someone else do it?"
She considered, then looked at Alice. "For today, I can do in a pinch, it's in my remit to make you happy whatever that entails, and if she makes you happy and you need her trimmed, I'm really happy to make that happen."
I looked at Alice and she shrugged an okay, then stood up. "I'll wait here then?"
"You're welcome to watch."
I thought about it. "I think I want to be surprised."
They walked towards the bathroom, and I watched their very different looking butts undulate as they went. Marsha called back, "For future situations, I'll see if we can arrange a stylist or spa visit to handle this kind of thing."
"Okay?"
The bathroom door closed, and I turned on the TV only to find some stupid game shows and more coverage of the Korean situation, as well as riots in Addis Ababa Ethiopia about prohibited fishing. They'd just had a famine, and a fishing ban might mean people starving.
The talking-heads 'analyzing' the situation said the Ethiopian - Eritrean civil war, an undertone to all the violence, meant that lots of big shipping companies registered in Ethiopia so they didn't have to obey any laws whatsoever. The shipping companies also had fishing fleets.
I'd never heard of Eritrea. Kind of fun to learn about, but sad that they were fighting for their freedom and both sides were committing war crimes.
It was odd to hear that the Italians were sponsoring the Ethiopians and were party to some war crimes too. Italy was in NATO and it seemed super odd they would let that happen. I never thought about Italy as a big colonial power - like as in having colonies and owning countries. It seem super-odd, like, what would they do, tell everyone from now on, eat more pasta?
What would an Italian client-state even be like? Great food but the trains never worked? I had very little idea about what Italy was actually like, but I had some friends who had visited there and they had fun talking about both the cool and beautiful stuff, and the cars that didn't work.
After about a half hour, they came out and Marsha asked if there was anything else I needed. I said, "Just the tissues, you got that request. And ... when is the move, tentatively?"
"Yeah, the tissues are In process. Move might be tomorrow morning. Actually brings up a question. We might be traveling for two days, would it be okay if you had two visitors at the same time? Sort of, more than expected, we understand that, but ... might work out better?"
I was feeling pretty agreeable, so I agreed. I still had some nagging doubts afterwards though.
If _anything_ mattered to me, it was that I alone would determine who I made love with, when, and how, and what happened to my sperm after I'd passed it on.
There were few choices for me, so I wanted them to count.
Marsha left, and Alice came over and spread my legs, kneeling between them. I wasn't particularly 'up', but she didn't seem to care one way or the other, and I didn't know what to expect.
My viewpoint was of my dick in the foreground and a beautiful face looking up past it to me, amazing breasts below, and an implication to go with it.
Alice looked up my body, at my face, then down my body again, focusing on my cock lying there mostly flaccid against my abdomen, waiting for something - because it was. Okay, so a body part isn't sentient, I was anticipating fondly, and it was a reasonable expectation.
She said, big smile on her face, "I got some pointers from Marsha, so I have a potential new skill to develop before I forget what she said?"
"I doubt you forget anything. You're brilliant. Everybody knows. You try to be quiet, but, yeah, not a secret."
"Well, this smart one has some info for you. First, I am _incredibly_ turned on right now. All that touching, I'm just kind of twitching with the leftover feelings."
"Excellent!!! Bedroom?"
"If you want. Or, here. I'm open."
I got up and pulled her up by her hand, "Open? Oh, you will be. You, will be!" I said it in a kind of odd voice trying to imitate Yoda, and she giggled.
We walked off to the bedroom. I let her walk slightly in front of me and that gave me a clear view of her sizable breasts moving with the steps. I said, "Must be hard to play lacrosse with those in the way."
Her scoff was dismissive, "Tight jogbra works. Now comes the payoff, though. All the back problems and stares, balanced finally by a chance to use these orbs to all their sexual potential. Maybe, eventually, I'll have babies to suck on them, but for now, it's all the sex I can have. At least, for the next day or so. Then, it'll be back to the lacrosse and aching."
We lay on the bed, ruffled as it was, and I realized I hadn't changed the sheets. Alice didn't say anything, but she might have noticed.
Getting near each other, I wanted to just be close for a while. She was in a hurry, i think, but I slowed her down with a kiss, and plenty of caressing her soft tanned skin. My hands kept moving, pulling at her nipples and going all around her.
"So. I ordered you to be truthful. Here's some questions. I want you to tell me exactly how to play with your boobs, your nipples, to make you feel the best." I pinched oh-so-softly near her areola but not on it.
Her giggling turned into, "Ah!!" and then into a litany of instructions. She showed me this, that, and the other, with lots of tiny corrections with why's. Pull from here, well behind the nipple, not just on it. No, not that hard, but firm... now twist slightly, slowly, back and forth... Right.
It kept going, and I learned a ton. "Avoid being too central, yeah... Spread out a little, move between not fast or slow. Combine that with another hand down, pulling on a leg upwards, or sideways, gripping but not too tight, showing I have power that I'm not using."
Caresses, not tickles.
Scratches, lightly, on a back near the bra strap, that's the way to a woman's heart.
Wisdom.
How did she know this stuff, I asked?
Her friend from her synagogue, she said, the girl's mom is lesbian. They had lots of conversations. I laughed my butt off - a lesbian ending up helping a guy like me.
She said, "No. I asked about making love with guys too, and She told me, it's all about love. LOTS of love, and how to help someone you love be happy."
"I can get behind that." I bent in and moved my mouth to her areolas, then teasing, got my nose to play over her underboob skin, nuzzling, then around to her sideboob, and then back into the center. A wide-open-mouthed encompassing of the Whole Areola got an "OhGodThanks" and the hot air and cool air I was breathing on her got me a compliment for inventiveness.
Her readiness was not in question. Her need was not in question.
"I have to ask, Alice. We need to get towels for the bed, or not? If you're a virgin, there might be blood."
"I'll get them."
She did, bringing in one of the darker towels, something someone left as a beach towel that was so bleached-faded that the original design may have been mid-1970's flower power. She spread it on the bed and she thought we were going to go to town, quickly.
I dove down and started tasting. I had an idea I could see what her orgasm was like before I was dick-deep, but - she didn't agree.
"Come on up, please?!? That's... not right? I wanted you, and now it's more licking, and I like that but... I want...?"
"I won't order you to do something, Alice, if it really harms you. But, I can order you if you'll let me. I'd like to nibble and lick and try to figure out how you work more, more than you've told me so far? I want to see how you tremble."
She was breathing hard already, panting with want. She was impatient, and she wanted dick. I knew that, but I wanted to see her come, to feel her under my tongue and fingers.
"Oh, Kevin! Uh... Okay? I... will I ... what if... I'm really wet and...?"
"Relax. I've done this before and you're delicious, I got some then. Plus... you're sooooo soft now."
"Hmmrrmmmrmmrrrrrrrrmmmmmm...."
I'd started licking and kissing. Yes, she tasted great, and I told her that, and what I was doing. She liked a lot of the same things that Jodi did.
It turned out, a mere half-hour later, I managed to have enough skills with two fingers and my tongue to get Alice to orgasm for me. She cried out loudly only because I told her there was no one anywhere nearby, though I had no idea if that was true. I'd not heard anyone else at least.
There was an apartment and hallway between the other side of my bedroom wall and my parent's apartment, so that had to be okay. At least, I hoped so, and functionally I'd decided not to care anyway.
Once Alice calmed down and her breathing returned to normal, I climbed up and lay beside her and just waited there. It seemed like the right thing to do.
Maybe a few minutes later she rolled over and kissed me, then lightheartedly said, "I... need to solve a problem. There's this place I can't reach, and... I think you have a certain..."
I laughed and said, "Of course, Madame. I will do what I can to assist."
"One thing you have the right to know before you... before WE start. It's important."
"Yeah?"
"I'm not on birth control. I never have been, my mother insisted it was inappropriate, and I didn't fight with her... though I did think about going to the clinic. Anyway, yeah, so I'm not protected. And, I'm about mid-cycle, so... I think, if you come inside me, it's going to ... risk.. What the giant head told us to risk. If that's okay with you."
Looking up at her, I said, "I think the whole idea of this thing is that yes, that risk is a Good Thing. I know, just from the little I know you, and it's kind of a crazy thing to say. You're going to be a great Mom. Maybe the timing is a little sooner than you expected, but the cause is just, and... The emotions we bring here, they are good. Right. I think."
"I don't know what the hell I'm doing! But... but, I didn't know that yesterday, and I'm still going the same direction successfully, so, all praise be given, we will create love if we create love." Her eyes flared.
"So, are you my concubine?"
"I am your concubine, sir." Her giggle added to it, but then a shrug, "You own me. I know, this is America, it's not really that. I figure though, wives and husbands always kind of own each other, so yeah, you own me in a kind of formal sense, and I have ideas in my head about the other stuff. There are so many other parts of the world where I would be given a big party."
Rolling over to kiss her better, I moved across and shifted, and we kept kissing, passion without the kind of urgency I thought I would feel, more of an anticipation idea, that something was coming.
My cock was already up mostly, but the kissing and fondling and nuzzling of her boob helped, and I found myself perched on the edge again, and held, and she told me, "Now."
I did.
Her grip pressing in as I pressed on, it was beyond tight, but I was well slicked from her licking a brief moment before as I moved, and... it worked.
There was no grand puncture, no rip-tear, but there was a pained gasp, genuine pain, as I pushed in. She kept whimpering in a not-good way, so I stopped, but she said, "No, no, keep going, just slowly..."
I got to a point and just stopped, like I had with Jodi, and relaxed then, waiting, kissing her cheeks and licking the tears running sideways down them. She kissed me back and finally took me to an eye-lock place where her smile turned up and she said, "Thank you, sir. It's official now. Let's do this thing."
Nodding and moving with more deliberation, I let myself slide back out, slowly, and then pushed in again, and out and in with some slow but steady pace
Her body under me was responding, her legs up and wrapping around the back of my thighs, and her eyebrows so far up they were almost in her hairline. Her voice turned from panting to whimpering to screams of joy, and then to careless abandon and a lower octave than I would have expected... and then, she crested.
Her body started quivering, and the pulsing on my cock put me, too, over the edge, and I closed my eyes and thrust into her hard, harder than I had, all the way in that I could go... and that had an effect as well.
Some part of her yells went to be silent exhales and then her grimace and convulsion vibrated around her body. I was coming myself, but I wasn't ignorant of what she was experiencing. She was in full-body orgasm, quivering vibrating muscles pulling me tight to her.
The grant of this boon, the ability to make a woman orgasm so long and so completely? I didn't know this was a thing. None of the porn I'd seen reflected it, not the movies and not the still photography that pretended (in some parts) that a woman was coming.
The stories I'd read had some of that idea, but what they described was a lot closer to what I'd induced by licking her out.
Even as I slowed down and kept sort-of twitching due to this being the end of my cum-spurting, she was still going full tilt, and then more. I started counting off the seconds, and let myself move slightly in response to her twitching so she'd have a little more to go on, maybe.
At 47 seconds, best I figure, she caught her breath and stutter-breathed herself into an odd yawn.
Fun stuff.
We lay there, enjoying ourselves, until I decided to roll off and lie on my back.
Alice had a lost dreamy look on her face and nothing much to say, so I pulled up the covers over us and lay beside her, letting the relaxation flow.
I admit, some amount of sleep-time may have passed.
Sleep....
Awakening to a blowjob is a great thing, and that's what happened. Her mouth was over my cock and bobbing. I twisted and looked down and smiled, and she smiled up at me.
Just about then, she did a couple of more bobs and smacked her lips. The joy on her face was readily apparent. "Mmmmm... You're awake. I was just cleaning you. Cleaning is important. If I want to use this later, it needs to be clean."
"Oh. Thank you? It feels... amazing!"
"You want some lunch?"
"I suppose?"
"Good. I got up a couple of minutes ago, and told the nice man, Harris, you said? At the door, that Marsha should get lunch ready for us, if that's the normal thing. He said he would pass the message along."
My stomach gurgled, though my cock was definitely up and ready for action again.
"You want a quickie before lunch?"
I was hungry for some reason. Out of character for also being horny, I just suggested, "Can we take our time, after lunch, then?"
"Uh... Okay?"
I think she thought we were going to do it then, but instead, we just talked for a few minutes.
We got up and walked out into the main room, kind of giggling. I was going to head to the bathroom, a door down, but for some reason we curved into the main room...
And... there were my parents, sitting at the kitchen table, relaxed. And, Marsha, standing behind them.
Marsha was naked.
This was the second time I'd walked out of the bedroom naked, and ... yeah, i was starting to see that was a bad plan.
Stopping abruptly, I did an, 'oops!' - but I was behind Alice. She had stopped and I bumped into her, so she probably took that as a sign to keep walking.
What was I supposed to do?
Mom looked at me and said, "Oh. There you are, dear. Marsha said Alice had suggested we eat here instead, so here we are."
I said, "I"ll just... get something on..."
Mom looked at me with the half-raised eyebrow that she sometimes does and said, "Kevin. Now. Marsha explained to us that you preferred nakedness. Is this some kind of trick you're pulling to get these women to walk around like this? That doesn't sound like you."
I was stuck!
Quickly, I took a breath and stood up straight and said, "I just wanted to make you more comfortable, Mom." This was an outright lie. I was uncomfortable. I realized, I was standing there with at least a half-stiffie, In Front Of My Mother. And, My Dad! Ug. But, the way she talked, she was punishing me for being selfish.
I had to live with it.
Mom was silent and looked back to Alice, who was walking up to her.
Alice came over and knelt on one knee in front of her. I walked up behind and to the side of her, so I could see what was happening, and happily no one was focusing on my being naked.
I think with some significant rapidity my boner was declining.
Alice kept her eyes looking down and took a deep breath before talking. I think this was something she rehearsed, and the fact that she was naked Just Didn't Matter.
"Mrs. Kooper. I don't think you have been told yet. I performed a kind of ceremony with Kevin, which frees me from some very oppressive grandparents, but, also... it binds me to Kevin, in a way. This, in turn, binds me to you."
"Oh?"
Alice looked up at her and said, half whispering, "Please say, 'My house will always be your refuge.'"
Mom did as asked, and this released Alice from having to kneel. She stood and hugged her, her massive naked boobs right there and pressing into my mom's chest, which apparently didn't faze her. My mother had a way of keeping cool no matter what.
Alice was acting relieved as she went over to sit down at the table, "I had to do that the very first time all three of us were in the same room, or I would have a lot of explaining to do. My mother and, uh... certain parts of my family? They have really strong opinions, and I found it's a lot better to just smile and nod and go along with it. I think there's good luck and bad luck involved in doing this thing the right way? Not sure. Supposed to be, at least. They just don't tell me everything. It's like, do this or else bad stuff happens. Traditions are weird."
Suddenly remembering something, she stood up and opened her arms to my mother again, another naked hug, standing, and mom hugged her back.
It wasn't so much sexy as just very odd.
I just let the images wash in, my hindbrain noticing Alice's giant sexy boobs and her butt clenching as she stood there.
Dad was just loving this, obviously, but trying to stay somewhat serious.
I walked over, "Uh... Sorry we're naked, Mom. Dad."
Dad looked at Marsha and said, "Oh, not at all, Son. Not at all." He looked over at the table, all set. "Shall we?"
Marsha had been standing more towards the door area quietly. She spoke up.
"I have an announcement before you eat, and then I can go. We'll pack up and move tomorrow morning about 7 am, we'll bring some duffle bags for your clothes. Kevin, put your school backpack in your duffle. You should probably pack ahead of time so there's not much to do in the morning, but I'll have some orderlies here to help for last-minute stuff. Our destination is classified, we'll find out when we get there, I don't even know. We'll be joined en-route, due to it being distant, by your classmates. The goal of this operation will be your safety, and that means some misdirection for anyone watching using spy satellites or binoculars. You'll all dress as Navy enlisted personnel so you look the same from a distance."
I said, "Okay?"
"I'm supposed to tell you to get some good sleep tonight, but I strongly suspect you'll have a chance to sleep during the trip. I think. The way this is checking out I severely doubt we're going to stay in the Chicago area, so think, long trip, probably."
We all nodded and she bade us farewell and left.
Mom and Dad went to sit at the table, all the food already set out, though interestingly, there were towels on the chairs.
I asked, "Towels, Mom?"
"Marsha put those on, in anticipation of your possible state of undress. My, Greg, you really are getting a chance to have nice lunches and dinners, don't you think?"
He looked at her, then at Alice's face with a genuine smile, and said, "Everything at the table is beautiful, dear. _Everything_."
I suspect Alice blushed, but I was too preoccupied to look closely.
How, given the shyness she had showed all the time I'd seen her, she could be Just Sitting There, nude, topless at least enough to show above the dining room table... How could she do that? I wasn't upset - at all! - but confused. I let it be, I figured I could ask later.
As we started eating, Alice gave some of the backstory on her family, the different religions and traditions, how she might have had - Before This - to go back to Jordan to marry as an arranged marriage, but maybe not now that she'd be seen as 'tainted', she wasn't sure. Or, she might be a celebrity, so it would even-more-on, it was hard to know.
She described that one set of grandparents were in the Hasidic branch of Judaism, and they wore formal clothes and objected to men and women being in the same room together without a chaperone.
We all laughed because she emphasized this by gesturing stridently, obviously mocking one of her family members who had strong opinions and shared them. The thing is, as she did this, it made her boobs bounce and her smiling satire was delicious.
Her face really lit up when she re-told how the military doctor's visit had precipitated a giant conniption in the family, and how the grandparents had huge opinions but had to negotiate. They apparently had a precedent, from when they had to negotiate over Alice going Hebrew school or to Koran study or both.
The recent, two-days-ago negotiation had resulted (with nearly no input from Alice) in the solution being an old-country binding ceremony. Alice didn't know who suggested it, but she'd heard of it. The idea is, it's a seriously old tradition not much used now, where the woman is bound and committed, property and concubine instead of wife. That would free her of dishonor, without obligations of marriage and family, for dowry bride-price that didn't have to be disclosed, and where large parties and celebrations weren't required.
Importantly, no one would have to make long, elaborate, and repeated explanations.
Alice had heard of it growing up, she said, mostly in the context of kid's stories about Djinn, genies, and the 'Tales of 1001 Nights', and other stories her mom and sometimes grandmothers told when they visited, about how people lived in different parts of the world.
The binding ceremony had settled out as an honorable thing, and she'd still have a wedding, maybe, at some future point, but as a re-marriage one, which did happen even in old times, though usually after being widowed.
Her parents made it her decision ultimately, but fighting the grandparents would have implications for her over her whole life, and for her siblings and cousins, too.
My mom asked, tactfully, whether she felt she had the option to just ignore ALL the family complexities and just head to university as an American girl her age would.
Alice smiled, "I live with this because I love them. They are family - the most important part of a person's connection to the world. I know they're crazy-seeming from your perspective, the American perspective, my God, certainly. But, the family also also has money, and convenience and celebrations and life and all the good things. I really like hanging out with them. Plus, whenever, I know I can get my cousins to help me babysitting and stuff like that. Maybe that's an eventual thing, or... maybe sooner... yeah, having help with little ones might come in really handy."
After she took a bite of food, she added, "And, I was thinking, I might head to Israel at some point and go to University there. I really love my cousins, they're great people. I love my Islamic cousins, too, but living in Jordan would have more restrictions, as a woman. Mostly it's family with the restrictions, not the culture, though. Jordan is more liberal in some places and less in others, so there's a lot of who-you-know not what-you-know, I guess."
Dad asked if the Islamic people were more conservative than the Jewish ones, and she laughed and said, hard question, it's just slightly different traditions, but mostly the same ideas. The trick was to pick the traditions based on what you wanted to do already, and to get the older ladies who'd seen it all to invent solutions for hard problems.
Apparently older ladies could negotiate things and make life hard or easy.
We all had a blast talking with her. She also had some very liberal Islamic relatives both in the States and in Jordan, where she could stay anytime she wanted, just as she had liberal Jewish relatives, same deal. She had lots of options. She didn't feel oppressed at all, even though technically, according to the traditions she'd decided to invoke, I owned her.
In a confusing addition, she said the ownership was, 'body, honor, house, and fruit'. When we asked, she said the fruit part was any children we might have together.
"So," Mom asked, "If you're his... 'concubine', you said? And, then, if... or when... you have a baby, does that mean he gets to keep the baby but kick you out? That doesn't sound fair."
"Oh, it isn't! For sure, Oh-My-God! But, there's a process." She had a sly smile. "If Kevin would try, I would as mother have default rights, and he'd have to assert to override them. And believe me, I would! I can raise a question of..."
Her face twisted as she thought about the words, and she might have said some things in Arabic as she translated in her head. I was highly amused, she had so many skills it was amazing.
"The phrase, 'raising a question', that's ... a bad translation, it's what I was taught but ... it's the shallow definition. The term is more like looking-for-rocks. Like, as in fields, you get rid of rocks in fields when you plow, raising rocks, raising questions. That's the name for the process. The thing I'd be seeking, that term translates as, 'fruitful destiny', I think."
We all nodded but smiled. My dad was delighted at the translations, even more than me, he liked that.
"Anyway, the Rocks debate thing can happen in someone's living room tomorrow, ... or....drum roll please..." she was grinning widely, "In a specific place - With specific people attending - after some or all of those people have attended Hajj - and those people are certified At Hajj as Fair Justice Counselors. Not ONLY that, I could ask that to honor traditions, everyone's travel can't happen on a whole list of holy days, both where the holy day is in THIS timezone AND the middle eastern timezones."
Dad was laughing at this list, we all were. "You can make it impossible."
Alice was ebullient, "Of course! Dead simple. Everyone knows it, so it almost never happens unless someone is tricked or paid off. Plus, if things start to not go my way, I can just switch which Mosque I'm pulling my Imam from, or even switch religious sides of my family and assert a whole different court has a different jurisdiction. Magic."
I was really impressed with Alice's brain at that point. I'd been impressed before, but it was obvious that she was a force to be reckoned with.
Still, she didn't seem to mind my dad just outright staring at her boobs most of the meal. Mom even looked at them, and they traded ideas about the best brands of bra to buy for having a big chest.
I could tell Mom didn't like having us at the table naked; she was more of a creature of habit and had a sense of propriety about things, but she also liked teasing Dad and this was the best tease she could imagine.
In general, she was rolling with it, and given the level of change in our lives, that's saying something. I had a sense of admiration about her then, that she could handle this.
Maybe when they had been alone there, they had talked about how things were different, given the changes in all of our lives.
Frankly, Dad wasn't into watching daytime TV, so he and Mom were almost certainly bored off their asses in their room all day, tempered by watching world news of this or that crisis.
Thinking about this at the table, and I know that was my preoccupation there, I wondered about them as people.
As I grew up, I think I've been discovering that some parts of my parents' lives are inscrutable, and other parts really disappointingly mundane. It's like they changed from magical creatures that could do anything to just these two random folks with flaws and gifts and oddball ways of thinking.
We ate our lunch, and despite (at the very start of walking in the room) having had an erection, and upon being confronted just Wanting To Run Cover Up, it had faded fast and just sitting there it goto to be a lot more normal to just not have any clothes on.
I wondered if this was how nudists were.
Still, it almost itched to not have any clothes on.
We finished lunch and sat a minute, wondering out loud what the trip was going to be like the next day, until Alice stood up and took her plate to the sink. Mom started to do the same, but Alice turned around and with some laughing fire in her eyes said, "Ah! No, no no! I've got this, ma'am. Sir. Please, I have precisely 17 more hours of domesticity left, and I'm going to use them."
After the dishes clinked, she said, "And I'm going to remember this day for the rest of my life, I want to remember myself, to remember being In Charge the Whole Time. I am powerful, I think, when I decide I am powerful."
Mom and Dad did the small hands-up, 'we're not doing anything' motion.
We waited as Alice cleared the table and just watched her move. I was having a good time. I think my parents were having fun, too - it wasn't an awkward silence, it was just a calmness.
After Alice finished, we transitioned to them deciding to get back to their apartment, and we all stood up again.
I realized that perhaps the thing that had sponsored them moving on was the fact that I had been very busy watching Alice's freshly trimmed bush and butt as she moved around the kitchen.
Them leaving meant I had to stand again, naked, in front of them, and I didn't want to do that. At least I didn't have a boner this time, I thought, so I stood and dealt with it.
As soon as they left, Alice and I got to work with the last of the tidying. I wondered, "We're going tomorrow. We could just put all this in the trash."
Alice looked at me like I was crazy. "We do NOT waste food. It doesn't matter if we're leaving. Someone might eat it. I hope so. Plus, I liked this stuff, I might want a snack later."
I wanted to keep helping, but she told me to go sit on the couch as she wiped the countertops, even though she'd already done that.
I think she was thinking.
Her focus became wiping down the sink to clean it - it had been spotless before.
I decided I wanted to do something else, so I walked up behind her and kissed her neck, fondled her breasts from behind, and then bent down. Spreading her legs, I got some fingers moving and rubbed her sex. She was plenty wet and her lips were well-engorged.
Standing, my cock was already up, so I moved in to stand behind her, pushing on her upper back to get her to lean over. I'd never done this position, and said so, but I said, "I'm going to take this. I want this ass. I'm going to push into your pussy... and fill you with cum."
She grunted at this, her breathing showing she was hugely turned on - as was I. My cock seemed to find the right spot easily and I tried to push in, meeting her seriously tight resistance and making for an amazing stroking experience utterly unlike any kind of masturbation I'd ever tried.
Grunting at me, she started to whimper madly, and then louder. She called back to me, Pull My Hair. Grab it. Pull it...."
If figured, why not, so I did, grabbing it with my right hand and using my left to hold the side of her hip. Her arms were propped onto the counter, but even so she was pushing back onto me as we went. She wanted this, she wanted the slamming into her to happen, and she had to get to a way where she could make it happen harder.
Seeing what she wanted, I increased my energy level, slamming fast into her butt so hard it made loud slapping sounds on top of her grunting.
We built up, and I found myself getting closer right there, so much I had to let go over her hair and just hold her hips, until I exploded, falling over onto her back and then lifting her shoulders so i could slam harder and deeper into her as my cock pulsed, shooting and I just knew, filling up her pussy with my white joy-stuff.
She hadn't quite been coming when I started, but her quivering did continue as I kept going, branching into high-pitched and low-pitched whimpers of wanton pleasure.
We settled in and relaxed against each other, though my fingers were still kneading her boobs a little at intervals and she shuddered with a happy self-satisfied yummy-noise.
"My boobs Really Really Like That."
"This?"
"Not so hard? Right, like that. Just smooth caressing, and some pulling. Careful, you pull from there too much, I'm liable to tackle you again."
"You know how to tackle?"
She laughed outright. "Lacrosse, Kevin. I can walk into you about six different ways, put you on the ground quickly, and to the outside observer it would look like a totally accidental 'oops, sorry' moment."
"We don't learn that in track, or cross country. Not combat sports.."
"Technically, they're not part of training either, it's more... 'informal skill training' from the older players. But, yeah, it's all done kind of on the sly where the coach isn't officially watching. We all get it down. Plus, there's a way to interlock my arms so I drive my stick, like a hockey stick, right up into your ribs or solar plexus."
"How do you play this violent game?"
"Gotta be fast. Helps to have good chest padding." I got another wiggle.
With that wiggle, I slipped out, and she squealed, "Ooo! I'm leaking!.... Reminds me..."
Stepping away from me, she reached over on the counter and grabbed a sealed bag full of stuff, ripped it open, and got out an odd-shaped plastic contraption out that had a suction bulb on it. This she bent forwards, put against her pussy, and manipulated several times. Pulling it away after maybe 30 seconds, she pressed in on a plunger on one side, and out popped a plastic test tube with what was obviously my cum in it. Setting this on the counter, she put it into a thermos bottle I'd missed seeing, walked around and handed it out the door again.
I was being sampled.
I thought about it and said, "I guess I don't have that big an objection to them having samples, I just didn't want to be used like a milking cow and thrown into a prison somewhere with only a Playboy and some hand cream, and told, go make sperm."
She laughed, walking back and delighting me with her boobs-swaying. "You're... more powerful than that, Kev."
"One can dream."
Departures
The rest of the day we watched some TV, some movies, made love several times, and relaxed.
Dinner was fully clothed with my parents in their room.
About halfway through the meal, jokingly, Alice offered to pull off her shirt for me (and glanced with a smile at my dad), but I said, No, thank you, unless Mom wants to embarrass Dad some more.
Mom said, "No, that's fine. He's had enough boobs to look at for today, at least."
We had a really great conversation, too. Alice taught us how traditional greetings work, which is really the same as normal western greetings, but even men hold hands more, and they stand much more closely to each other than we're used to.
Mom had lots of questions about how Islamic services work, especially for children, because she'd visited a mosque as part of her seminary degree, but that was only the service for the public and the men, not the one where the women were, and where the kids hung out and played.
After dinner, Alice gave my mom and dad big hugs, long ones, probably longer than they were used to. Again, she knelt in front of my mother and bowed her head and said, "My house shall always be your refuge, mother."
She had a fun curtsy maneuver that she showed my mom, that she did for my dad, that had some symbolic meaning of thanking him for the use of his 'house', but we didn't understand it all, and she said a lot of what she was taught was Yemeni tradition and not mainstream Islamic culture, but it was hard to know what was what.
Just as we opened the door to leave, we saw Marsha waiting outside looking over a clipboard.
This time, Marsha was wearing a full set of BDU fatigues, complete with a police-type belt and sidearm, and a shoulder armband that said, "MP" on it.
This was the no-nonsense version of Marsha. I'd only ever seen the friendly, casual Marsha.
Behind her, down the hallway, were four other MP's standing next to a pile of dark-blue duffle-bags.
"Kevin, sir. Ma'am. Mr. and Mrs. Kooper. Sorry to interrupt your evening. I've just gotten a heads-up on some things. Change in plans, on timing. We're going to pack and leave in short order, though my leadership said to let you finish dinner first."
Dad said, "Oh," and that was it for the rest of us, too. We kind of had to accept these things happening.
She continued, "This means, probably we'll get gone in about an hour, maybe slightly more, depending on when the last aircraft gets here. Everyone, you should definitely use the toilet, then go take showers, since in my experience it shortens a journey to feel clean during it, make sense?"
On behalf of us all, I said, "Okay, got it."
"We're bringing you BDU's, hopefully in your size. You can bring or leave your clothing, officially, but from me to you, take everything. Next. We'll get set quickly, and get into trucks outside, go to the flight line. There will be many planes. I will tell you verbally which plane to get on. We will then walk around fast in a group of other people in BDU's, but when that's done, go to the plane you're supposed to be on. Got it? This base is not private, there are ways to see this flightline, we have to have a game. Clear?"
It was.
"Lastly. Ms. Alice Jungfrau. You are scheduled to come with us on this flight. Be aware, though, your time with Mr. Kooper will be limited and must, MUST, be shared equally with others. You will have NO first rights, everyone per orders is to be treated equally. Of course, you have the right to refuse this transport, and a Federal witness protection will be in effect. Should you stay, you'll be remanded to custody as either a Material Witness or an enlisted Navy UCMJ-recognized uncooperative detainee. That would mean either the Detention Barracks - prison - at Ft. Leavenworth, or the U.S. Federal Prison System. Do you wish to be arrested, or come along?"
Her serious look at Alice had an overtone in it, and Alice just said, "Yes, Ma'am, I want to come along."
Marsha didn't mess around!
She continued, "I suspected as much. Pull your stuff from that rolling suitcase into a duffle bag, we won't be showing any identifiable distinctions between people. Mr. Kooper, that school backpack? Likewise. And make sure you pack your bathroom supplies, including some rolls of toilet paper, you never know."
"Yes, ma'am."
She let my parents go back to their room and had four MP's follow them. We got another four MP's, and they started getting out garbage bags and throwing out our food into them.
I said, "That's a huge waste," thinking of Alice's comments.
Marsha said, "You have no idea. Keep a sense of scale. Every intelligence agency in the world is trying to get dibs on you, to find everything they can about you, your friends, everything. Even if we hadn't moved your stuff out of your house, it'd be empty by now. There's a lot of sightseeing people, despite martial law, in Clintonville at the moment. Probably a bunch more spying on the flight line trying to get a glimpse of you, either with cameras or sniper scopes."
"Oh."
"Go, shower, we'll leave clothes out. Do you object to being naked in the presence of these MP's?"
I thought about it, "Uh... no?"
Turning to Alice, Marsha said, "Ma'am, you will have to shower very quickly if you wish to do so. I recommend it. But, be very fast. I will give your clothes to Mr. Kooper so you don't have to be unclothed among strangers."
"Ma'am. Thank you."
Alice had said, "ma'am" not "Marsha". That made sense. Marsha had transformed into her professional self at that moment, and there were two people in that human-suit. Marsha was being formal with us, too. I was pretty sure I would only be called 'Mr. Kooper' when Marsha was in uniform or in front of other military.
We headed back to the bedroom and I worried about what was going to happen next. I always worried, this wasn't a new thing. I was comfortable with my worry.
The process of getting out was far less frantic than I thought it would be.
I walked immediately to the bathroom and used the toilet, showered, shampoo'd, shaved, brushed-teeth, deodorant'd, and I was out in my normal 14 minutes. Overlapping with me, Alice jumped in for her hose-off, though she didn't wash her hair.
After she got out, I asked and she said that people with very curly hair, especially (to use her term), a 'Jew-Fro', so she couldn't just wash her hair willy-nilly. It involved shampoo, then a conditioner not specifically rinsed out, brushing through it while it was wet and dipping under the shower to make it work better, emptying the brush, and then squeezing it dry enough to not make all your clothes wet.
As such, since she was avoiding all that, she just soaped and rinsed and was out faster than me.
By the time I was done shaving, she was already putting on the clothes from the pile on the edge of the extended-counter sink.
She let out a scream of joy, minor one but still, when she saw the bras they'd gotten her were the same ones she normally had - they'd asked her mother, maybe? - and she had 10 new bras that were Exactly Right! She said they were super-expensive but super-comfortable for her, given she was bigger on top than 'normal' people.
Once we were both dressed, we opened the door to find the apartment shipshape. In the bedroom, nothing was left - the drawers were empty, the bed stripped and made with different sheets and blankets, and I think the rug might have been vacuumed.
Out in the main room, we saw where it had gone - two duffle bags in the center of the room, with two MP's waiting next to them, standing stiffly but not at attention, something I was told later is 'parade rest'.
Alice and I were looking at each other and wondering. I asked, "So, what's next?"
One of the MP's, an older lady that looked in her 40's and utterly no-nonsense, said, "Sir. Captain Rollins, Marsha, will return shortly. We're ready to bounce. We packed your things carefully, but did not include your bathroom accessories." She handed us a box of seal-closed thick food bags. "Separate bags, his and hers, or we can do that if you wish."
I laughed, "I don't think my shampoo bottle will fit in that..."
She smiled, "Not a problem." We walked to the bathroom and I packed first. She put the top half of the shampoo bottle in one bag, another up from the bottom, overlapping, and then dredged up a roll of duck tape from her uniform pants pocket. Smiling at me, she said, "Magic."
It was. She didn't worry about waste, either. She started rolling it around the bundle and kept going far beyond what I thought was strictly needed, finishing by a rip and then folding down the corner of the tape where it ended.
This lady knew duck tape.
Alice had her stuff in small bottles and that was faster to do than mine.
"Ready? Once over, sir. Look for anything that is yours, or that you particularly like, it can be replaced."
I looked all through the place, under the chairs and all that, but it was swept up nicely, so they grabbed our duffles and we went to the hallway.
That room, a chapter in my life, was done, past, a thing deliberately left behind.
My parents weren't out yet, but that made sense given my mother probably took longer in the shower than anyone I knew except my sister.
I wondered where she was. They'd said she was safe, but it's one thing to hear something and another thing to know it.
Maybe a few minutes later, six MP's came out of their room down the hall, two carrying duffle bags. I would wonder why that was, but then again, it didn't matter. We were all together.
My BDU's looked pretty smart, I thought, but Marsha lined us up and the other MP's went over our clothing doing a variety of things - tucking here, fixing our boots and pants-bottoms just so, laces re-tied just so, and hats on our heads exactly a certain way.
After they finished, they spoiled it all by pulling what they called, "plate carrier" bulletproof-vests out of a nearby box. Everyone got one. They were bigger than I'd seen before, even having a curl-over in the back of the neck.
I felt really stiff.
Around the edge of the helmets, they had a kind of drape which came down to cover all exposed skin fit over the hat and came down the backs of our necks and round the front, even to the point it could be fixed over our faces, I was pretty sure.
Every one of us had the same gear. I thought I could keep track, but they'd included some female MP's and we were a mix of heights. Looking around, I could only see Alice's eyes and Mom's eyes, too.
Dad had a little gray hair showing, but the girls' hair was tucked under and back, invisible.
We lined up, with an MP between us, each of us carrying a duffle. Mine wasn't as heavy as I thought it might be, but then again the substance of what I had was my school book bag from the first day, some clothes, and that was probably it.
MP Marsha, gave us clues, shouting to all of us down the hallway, which had filled up. "Step in time, even when walking casually. Into the trucks, two people per truck, BACK SEAT. As soon as you're in we drive. We go to the airfield by different routes. We get to a TENT, one of MANY TENTS. If you stop before a tent, don't get out, wait for the tent. Get out INSIDE THE TENT. Get it?"
"Ma'am! Yes, Ma'am!"
"After you're out - we all walk in a big group. Mix yourselves up. Constant walking around other people. Completely mixed. I will tell you which plane you'll get on in a minute, all of you."
She came around with a Yellow Sharpie marker of all things. She wrote the plane number on our palms - and I could see it but barely. I noted that both Alice and I were on the same one, but I couldn't see what Mom and Dad were on.
"You'll all meet up at your destination, and nobody, not me, not but a few people anywhere, know where that is. You might be on different planes. It's fine. This all is supposed to make everyone safer."
With that, no more waiting, she just said, "Now, no more waiting. Bounce time. Casual walking, as much as you can. Go." She pointed at a guy down the hall.
We walked out, around, out the door and down the walk to the street; a long line of SUV's and cars were running, waiting with doors open. Duffles in the back, climb in, go, repeat.
I wondered if they'd practiced this plan.
The SUV driver for us was at least 50, gray hair cut very short, and he had the look in his eyes like they were scanning everywhere.
MP's or Marines or whoever, they were all over the place around us. All of them had some kind of battle dress (flak jacket / bulletproof vests), with M-16's held at the ready, facing away from us, scanning everything. Looking up, I saw more of them on the roofs nearby.
We got to the airfield and it went just like she said. Lots of milling about. Someone was talking, calling out like square dancing instructions, "Four steps and turn, three steps and turn... five steps and turn, four... Now, as many steps as your age divided by 3..."
After a few minutes, "Call to planes coming up. Nearest, first plane is 1, then 2, so on. Ready in 5, 4, Go."
We calmly walked to our planes. We handed off our duffle bags before we walked up the air-stairs, they tossed them on a cart and other people took from that cart to a cargo hold door.
The plane itself would have held 48 maybe, twelve rows of 4, but there were only 12 of us getting on... until I saw there were many other seats already filled. A seat was open right at the front with 'reserved' on it.
The attendant pointed me at it so I took that one.
Alice had to sit back farther.
One of the other people getting on, almost certainly an MP, ended up next to me. She looked college-aged or a little more, pretty-faced but very alert. She didn't seem upset, not as much as the expressions on some other people on the flight (though most had their drapes still on), and I wondered what she knew that I didn't know.
Just as soon as the last person came onboard, someone slammed the back cargo door shut and the captain or flight crew pulled the door shut, latched it, and we heard the engines spool up. Maybe 5 seconds later, we lurched forwards and started rolling.
The last people onboard weren't even seated yet.
"Attention. Please get seated asap, seat belts on. We're going to do some odd flight maneuvers, so don't worry, it's all in the plan. Lots of swooping. If you need to puke, there's a bag right in front of you. Tactical takeoff, you're warned."
All the window shades said, "OPSEC. KEEP CLOSED!"
I'd seen Alice, probably, get on before me. I couldn't be sure. Everyone's face was shielded by the hat-wraps.
One person was standing in the aisle still, trying to get seated. I recognized her and it was out of place.
Janice Adams, a redhead I ran cross country with, was trying to get seated. She looked frustrated, and I understood that.
Across the aisle from me was Jo Parstinelli, a super-thin girl I knew from my English class the previous year. I'd always wanted to ask her out but she was out of my league - facially super-pretty and very much in the overachiever crowd.
I wasn't a slouch, I got mostly A's, but I knew she was smarter than I was.
Neither of these girls were on my list.
Maybe, I thought, they decided a few others should come along. It kind of made sense, everyone would be in danger if they knew me, maybe.
Really, I wondered what our school would do. Rumor had been that Jo might be (have been?) class valedictorian, she and Pete Hardison probably. Pete had told someone he might be out of it because he'd mistakenly signed up Sophomore year for driver's ed for credit instead of pass-fail.
Valedictorian was highly competitive at our school. It wasn't just getting all A's, it was taking as many classes as possible that were accelerated / honors / AP level. Just taking a class with a normal grade vs. an accelerated one, put your GPA down a notch.
Looking over more, I got a bad surprise, an unexpected person next to Janice: Kelli Nestor. Kelli was on volleyball, tall, totally athletic, and had the kind of nasty sneer I would never have elected to be near. Sure, she was pretty, but some bug had crawled up her butt and died.
What the hell was she doing there? In no sane universe would I want to be near her, and I was pretty sure my opinion was not unique.
The plane taxied faster, braked and turned, and then spooled again to full and we were off. I would have loved to see out the window, but there was duck tape holding them shut and big signs that said, "OPSEC - KEEP CLOSED - NIGHT FLYING!!!!"
The interior lights clicked off, and I realized why the windows were shut.
Faster, faster, and takeoff, lifting fast then turning hard, slightly down, gear sounds and wing-flaps changing. I'd been on airplanes before a couple of times, so I knew the sounds.
The unusual thing was how fast we were going. The engines were still at full rated thrust after takeoff, and we started turning this way and that.
Zig-zagging, I could tell the plane was doing things that normal passenger aircraft just don't. This was a military flight, but the aircraft itself was still a civilian executive jet type, and I wondered what was going on with it.
We did this for a while, thrust going down and up. Maybe 20 minutes later, the thrust went up again and we headed upwards, climbing steadily but quickly.
The captain came on and said, "Welcome to Kilo-Whisky-11, thanks for flying today. You can open your windows if you want now, provided lights are off inside. Kind of a treat. We have some company tonight. Off our wingtips are CAP guards, two F-14 Tomcats. They are Zedbang, left and Crisco, right. Lights should stay off in the cabin. You can look out, but once you're done looking, shut the shade again.... Stay in your seats unless you desperately need to use the head - the bathrooms. Keep your seatbelts fastened. We may have fast maneuvers at some point, and if you're hurled against the ceiling at 2 g's, you'll break something. I still get paid if one of you dies, but it's a lot of paperwork. Flight time - about 4 hours. More later."
I settled in. There wasn't much to do.
The girl next to me was then-Lieutenant Jan Walters. I introduced myself and she said, "Yes, sir. I know who you are. Your pictures are ... around."
"Ah. Kinda been insulated for a while."
Her speech was terse, "Roger that."
"What do you do?"
"Rangers, 10th Mountain. I was headed to Sapper school, got side-moved here." She looked at me. "Kind of a dick move, Army promised me more than this, and now... I have no idea."
"Who's the dick? I am?"
She chortled, "Neg on that, chapo. Seems you're victim here far more than I ever could be. You're a milk cow, I think, but maybe could get some fun times. Nope, dick's not you. JCS, they's the dicks here. Joint Chiefs of Staff. I had a life plan, was gonna do corporate security - that's, Army for a while, retire to FBI or Marshal's Service, then go corporate. Now, who the hell knows."
"What are sappers?"
"Combat engineers. We're the smart whacks. We find, or... we make... tiny holes in defenses. Then grunts blow it to a bigger fuckin' hole and shit down the enemy's neck, sir. That's sappers. Wanted to be one a hell of a long time, even had to take deferment to do Airborne and Ranger schools first."
"Ah... So. You like blowing shit up. I can identify with that."
Jan's smile relaxed, "Definitely, sir. Blowing shit up, these are a few of my favorite things."
"Why do you keep calling me 'sir'?"
"Oh. you're a civvie, got it. Kind of odd to you, maybe. In the military, everyone is sir and ma'am. Default to that. Only people you don't say that to are drill sergeants, sometimes, and that's just when they're brainfucking you. Basic. Fun days."
I wondered, "Could you do that job?"
She chortled, "Me!? Fuck yeah, I could do that, sure. Could is different from Should. Takes a special kind of person to know the psych to run a good drill from turd to march-out. Lots of special psych. Yeah, I could do it, no problem. Probably anyone who's done boot can do it when they're done. I'm ... more specialized. I'm not the constantly yelling type."
"Oh?"
"Nope. I like making really, really, really big sticks. Usually, from what's under your sink."
"I don't have a sink anymore."
"You have a sink nearly everywhere on this planet, minus the wacknuts crowd. We're not doing this op because you're well liked. We're doing it because there are a whole bunch of countries that want a piece of you. Really, a kind of crotchal-region of you." She was smiling.
I shrugged, "I can't control much around me now, so I guess I should be glad I'm getting taken care of so well."
She nodded and changed the subject. "You have friends on this plane, I was told."
"High school friends. I should say hello."
"Stay in your seat, mostly, sir."
"Thanks. Jan, though, uh... I'd like to go back and shake hands."
"A couple of minutes will be okay maybe, gotta check. Hold one." She unbuckled and got out. Someone was facing the cabin in a jumpseat in the front, no knee room, I could see. They talked a minute, and she came back and sat.
"You're cleared for five minutes. That's ... one handshake every 15 seconds or so, if we're full. Make it fast."
"Okay."
I unbuckled and turned around, standing up despite the fact that the lights were off.
Just as I was about to speak, Jan turned on a flashlight and shone it up into my face, not quite blinding me, but making it harder to see. I held up my hands, "Hey, uh, attention please?"
No one was really talking above low noises, so I didn't wait long and just went ahead. "Hey. In case you don't know me, I'm Kevin Kooper. I think I know a few of you. I think this might be a severe inconvenience for all of you, and I'm sorry but I can't do much about that. I can say, Thank you, I guess. I'm going to come through and shake everyone's hand because... ah... because... my mother taught me to be polite, and ... seems like I should do that."
Jan got up and moved ahead of me, holding the flashlight mostly on their faces but enough up that we all got a little light.
The guy in the jumpseat must have seen something, because he (she?) turned on the cabin interior lights and came on and said, "Window shades down, please, all the way."
We had enough light to see.
I looked over and said hello to Janice and Jo. They were obviously weirded out by this whole thing, and I realized being among a bunch of navy stuff for a couple of days had made me more inured to the military stuff.
Once Jo and Janice and I shook hands, though, we had nothing else to say, so I just moved on.
Behind them was a military person, pretty and female, but slightly older. Jan and her seemed to know each other, at least the head nod they gave each other said so.
Next to her was Olive Watterston, a Black girl who looked at me closer. She wasn't on my list either. I knew of her, had seen her around, but not a lot. I said, "Olive?"
"Watterston, Right. Kevin. I know you. We were in chorus freshman year."
"Yeah, that's right. I have no idea why you're here."
"Me neither, right?!? They just came to my house and gave me this spiel about how I'd been chosen to be on a list and that it was important."
This matched the story I'd gotten from both Jodi and Alice. "I know the story. I've had meet-ups already and got more details."
Her head nodded in a knowing way, "Yeah. I think I know what that means - do I know what that means?"
Her eyes were evaluating me there, and I realized the question was designed to see if I was an utter letcherous creepy psychopath sex-obsessed maniac or something. "You probably do, though the reality... so far, deeply touching and beautiful? Nothing like the military grinder that I thought I was going to be put into."
"Ah."
"Catch you later."
Next was Blair Ritter, a stuck-up prissy bitch I would never have chosen. She always wore too much makeup, especially eye shadow, and I always kind of thought she would turn into a trashy bimbo at some point.
Next to her was Lane Molson. She was an everyday girl, larger than normal in shoulders, probably from being a swimmer and into water polo. Thing was, she had kind eyes, and I could very easily see myself hanging out with her just chillin or something. Very low pressure personality.
Needless to say, I chatted more with Lane.
Blair, the stuck-up one, came right out and asked me, "Why did you kidnap me?"
"I didn't do anything. I've kind of been kidnapped too."
"People came to my house and said that I was on a list you made of people you wanted to fuck. I think that means I'm on a list. So, yeah, if I'm getting fucked, I'm pretty sure you're the asshole who's doing it."
Lane, next to her, turned over in horror at this conversation, and I could tell it might get out of hand at some point soon.
I said, "Blair. If you want to punch the fuck out of me and have nothing to do with me, hell, that has to be possible. I think Jan here might interrupt it, though."
Jan kind of shrugged as I looked at her. She said, "I'm just here for the food, sir."
We all laughed.
Lane said (with some equanimity, too, I might add), "Blair, just shut your whiney bitch mouth. Let the guy shake hands. Shit on yourself some other day."
Blair did a huge eyeroll and crossed her arms.
I kept going.
There were no males on the flight.
I thought I'd seen some men in the crowd on the ground. There had been male MP's in the hallway, but they weren't on the flight. I wasn't sure about anything. It had been pretty dark and we only had the light of a faraway jeep's headlights to not bump into each other.
I got back to my seat and buckled in, at which point the captain came on again, immediately turning off the lights. "You can open your windows again if you like, but do be seated and keep the seatbelts fastened. This is tactical flight ops, we could do almost anything. Thanks"
The plane had changed direction, and it changed again, dropping down, putting the gear down and slowing like we were going to land, and then putting the gear up again and zooming off.
From then, we got a big move-on.
A few hours later, not sure when, we circled and landed, taxied up and into a hangar. They kept the engines on, which seemed odd, but whatever.
Warned to be ready, we got off the plane in quicktime, grabbed someone's (anyone's) duffle, and moved them away from the plane. My ears were ringing.
Just as soon as the last duffle was off and the plane was closed, a truck (which had hooked itself to the nosegear), pushed it backwards and then let go. The plane kept turning and the engines spooled up. The hangar doors closing helped with the noise, but it was obvious they were fast-moving on this operation.
As the plane got farther away and blasted off down the runway, I also heard the sound overhead of the F-14's that had been described. It was nighttime so we couldn't see, but there were sounds that were definitely unlike any other jet engine sounds I'd heard before.
The sound level dropped back to quiet normalcy, maybe with a jet engine off in the distance. I couldn't tell, but the hangar doors were shut, so we just stood there.
Alice came up to me and gave me a hug, as best we could with the plate carriers on.
I hugged back, but then said, "Alice. From now on, until I say so again, we're not hugging any more than I hug other people. I think I have to be fair."
Her lips pursed like she didn't like it but accepted it, and blinked an okay, then stepped back.
One by one, the girls came up and gave me a perfunctory hug. I wasn't sure why, but I think the idea that we were just left there in the middle of a hangar in the middle of nowhere was kind of confusing.
Jan, keeping watch at a side door (having shut the main hangar ones with the automatic closers), shouted to the group of us, "Anybody that has to pee, come out here, you can cop a squat next to the building. Good as you'll get for ... however long, we don't know."
I was close enough to see a couple of girls go out. Her voice carried; I heard her say, "Pants past knees, spread legs, heels outside but touching your butt. Lean back against the building, but arch your back. Pee. If you kneel to get up, don't kneel in pee. Gotta poop? Go ahead, this ain't my base. No paper though. Go."
I didn't have to pee, but I did think about it.
Maybe ten minutes later, we heard engines and saw headlights. It was a greyhound tour bus and a pair of SUV's next to it.
We got in and drove.
There were lights on the bus, and some kind of big-screen TV in the front we could all see. It was an old movie to start, 'Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein". Entertaining, but not really what I would have chosen.
We had merged onto a county highway and were cooking along at a good clip, going through this small town and that.
It got to be light out; we'd been traveling for a long time, and I could tell we were heading North, into Montana. Lots of mountains surrounded us.
I was getting hungry, I hadn't eaten since dinnertime, so that was at least 12 hours before. Someone passed around a bunch of granola bars and bottled water, but that only barely took the edge off.
Arrivals
Well into morning, driving through mountains and then valleys then by cattle farms and twisty roads to get up the slopes, we pull onto a dirt road, and drive past a cow pasture with, of all things, an airport but where the hangars look like barns or chickenhouses - long, low, but open on the sides.
As we watched, a plane that looked a lot like ours had coasted in for a landing - on the grass? I'd not seen that in person. Based on how the plane moved, it must have been remarkably flat.
Jan, by my side through the trip, said there were metal grates underneath that the grass grew up through.
It coasted, taxied to a building, and we could see a greyhound bus where it was going to stop.
By that time, we'd driven by the 'airfield', further up the road.
Eventually we got to this corporate-headquarters looking building, went around and past it, and then to a massive log-cabin looking hotel structure right out of the 1970's with ugly architecture and fake grass in the center of a circle drive where the buses drove. There were two other buses there, unloading, just as we were.
Stopped - I thought it would never happen, but this looked like a destination.
There were tons of outbuildings around us, a small water tower next to the corporate building, and a huge contrast because right next to that building there were paddocks with horses and beyond that, some small fields with cows and goats. Chickens were scattered around, like they owned the place, in groups of 20, maybe.
Climbing out of the bus, we stopped and gawked. I'd never seen chickens out and about, in reality. They were funny looking.
We got the bags off the bottom of the bus quickly (per the driver), and she drove out of the lane about 3 minutes after we were all off of it. No waiting. I wondered at how it was that military stuff got done fast, and maybe that was it - you have a job, you do it, no waiting, no delaying, just Get It Done Now. Or something.
A lady came up and yelled, "INSTRUCTIONS ARE ON THE WALL. READ AND OBEY."
She walked back in.
The instructions read, in big letters:
Get your duffle(s) / Room assignments: wall inside / Bring duffle to room / Stay in room until first mealtime / Mealtimes are 6-8 am, 11 to 1, 5 to 6 / Cafeteria: out back, follow signs / No other food served / NO NO NO to room reassignments, cope with it. / Work assignments: start 1 day after arrival, no exceptions / Everybody Works / Never exceptions."
We read that, and re-read it to memorize it because I had a feeling it would matter, and then set about finding our duffles after they were all mixed up.
My room (per the list inside) was '501'. Looking around, no one else had a fifth floor room.
I had to wonder.
Taking my duffle and discovering there were no elevators, I trudged up to the fifth floor and found an MP waiting at a built-in desk behind what had to be real bulletproof glass. She saw me and nodded, and when I got there I saw she was writing in a logbook.
Keeping track of me: The most boring job ever, and I was me.
She said, "Go on in..." The door buzzed and I opened the hefty metal door. It felt like it outweighed me twice over. It swung easily but with significant inertia.
The door next to it on the inside was to the guard booth, and as I came in, she opened her door and closed it again. Mine swung shut automatically, and I was glad I didn't have to do it, it was heavy.
"Mr. Kooper. Good to see you sir. You obviously are expected. This is your new home, for a while I guess, they don't tell me anything, but, yeah, here it is. Your bedroom is in here."
She had a tinge of a British accent - not Scottish, English, but I didn't know from those. Mostly I knew Scottish vs. (everything else English) from Dr. Who and Monty Python reruns.
We walked into a big central room, some kind of Presidential Suite (I'd seen that kind of thing in a movie). Besides two hallways leading off to the sides, there was a set of windows that I couldn't see directly out of, some overhang thing.
Getting to a bedroom, I put my duffle on the bed and followed her to get the rest of the tour.
The master bedroom was big, with a heavy wood framed king bed on a pedestal. Large and heavy-seeming side-tables / nightstands stood on either side and matched the bed height, holding lamps and clock radios that looked at least 10 years old, very mid-1970's plastic-mod-wow designs.
Doors on either side outboard of the nightstands led to closets. On the far side of the bed was a sitting area with a fireplace and mantle, and on either side of that, she showed me there were two rooms with queen-sized bunk beds in them.
I didn't even know they made bunk beds in a queen size.
Near to the right was an immense bathroom. I walked in and wondered at the opulence. Four separate shower stalls stood behind glass partitions, and the center stall was big enough for several people. It had lots of shower heads, both at above-head and at chest-height.
In the opposite corner was a very large jacuzzi tub, and next to that a mirrored sink area with four basins/faucets.
Off the end of the room were doors to four water closets (toilet stall rooms), each of which had an odd look to it and a pedal in front of the toilet marked 'bidet', which I read as "bid-ette" until I learned better. I wasn't stupid, I just had only heard the word and never read it.
Back in the bedroom, I opened one of the 'closet' double-doors, but it wasn't a closet. It led to a smaller room with a sink and its own little bathroom, but just like the alcove/bedroom next to the fireplace, it had two separate stacks of two queen-sized bunk-beds.
So, sleeping for 8 right next to the master bed. Kind of odd, sure.
The MP gal said, "The top floor suite here was created at the design of the Sultan of Brunei, who wanted to have his retinue stay with him in the same style he was accustomed to at home. The lower floors are for his business people and servants, which is really kind of funny. After the oil embargo in 1974, the Sultan sold the office block and hotel-conference center here to a Catholic religious group, the Franciscan Friars. They made almost no changes to the building. Instead, they just built an extensive farming operation onto the back of the property. It's ironic that such opulence was functionally a monastery. Rumor had it, any changes would cost money, and they didn't want to waste money on opulence."
We were walking back over through the main room towards the big kitchen area that was more a party-central area with a big island and seating around it, and a wet bar. "The Sultan liked to have a variety of teas available, but the Friars converted it to a drinking bar and rented the suite to businessmen who wanted to come in and have small exclusive meetings for their upper management."
Off the other side of the big room, through another double-door, was a soundproofed room with two Bosendorfer pianos, inlaid gold all over inset book-matched burled maple. I knew woodworking enough to know that. They were freakishly beautiful.
I pinged the keyboard and noted it wasn't in tune, cringing and looking up with a question in my eyes.
"We'll get that tuned, I suppose. They were allowed to go out of tune for several years, and it always takes a lot of work to get them to stay in tune after that."
"Ah. didn't know that."
"Music Education, B.A., University of Tennessee, Memphis."
I raised an eyebrow. "You play?"
"Every instrument, sir. And, I understand you play both saxophone and french horn?"
"Mostly french horn. I did sax in junior high, but my sister did french horn and I didn't want to do what she did, until I decided, fuckit, I'm doing it, and I picked it up pretty fast. It's a much more forgiving sound, less in your face, if you know what I mean."
She was nodding but had a sly smile, "Yes, I do, sir, but you might not have had a chance to play with some alternate mouthpieces and reeds that give a more subtle tone. Dave Brubeck in Take Five, for instance. It's softer, not edgy like a metal mouthpiece, or one of those bake-o-lite ones with a number-4 reed. I read that's what was in your case."
Her knowing that? VERY odd, and funny, and troubling all at once.
I realized why and laughed. "Uh, no. I only played with 3-halfs. I had fours in my case because I never used them. My 3-halfs broke all the time and we didn't have money to replace them."
"Students. You needed a better teacher. You could learn, and get a better sound off a four."
"Couldn't afford lessons. Mom's a preacher."
"I'm familiar with your biography, sir. Just about... most of America is, and probably the world, in the last week."
"Oh."
I had no secrets, apparently.
"Lunchtime soon, sir."
I pointed down the hallway more, "What's down there?"
"Weight room and a racquetball court, of all things. Sultan had his tastes. He didn't play. He wanted to watch some of his wives play."
This made me laugh outright, and she laughed, too.
We got back to the main room. "Do I dress differently for lunch?"
"No, sir. You're welcome to go down, of course. Or you can stay up here and someone will bring up lunch for you. I should warn you that this is not a luxury hotel, this is technically a military barracks being leased to a private defense contractor, staffed with some active duty military but contractors mostly run the place."
"And those contractors are?"
"Most of the female members of your high school class, and some of those who graduated last May, sir."
I blinked twice at this.
She explained, "I wasn't briefed on everyone's remit, but that was the top-of-page. Besides women from your high school, filling out the group is a large set of individuals chosen for what I'm told is 'genetic diversity' and 'demonstrated achievement', whatever that is."
"How is it that you ... know all this?"
"I'm in your personal guard, sir. Delta forces, Special Operations Command, Major Sema Kotter, at your service, sir. We were briefed the day before yesterday. Kind of a rush thing."
"For everyone."
She chuckled, "We landed here in Chinook helicopters, tactical. Kind of freaked out the caretakers, and the horses, too, I think. I feel sorry for them. Anyway, we got the site secured, and a whole shit-ton, maybe 400 Navy midshipmen, swooped in an hour later and started cleaning up the place, at a run. I don't think I've seen the like of it before, sir."
I laughed, "Running while using Endust. Fun."
She said, "No Endust, sir. Leaf blowers."
I raised an eyebrow.
"We had to get the carpets clean, fast, but we couldn't have them wet and drying. We just opened all the windows, put in big fans, and brought in leaf blowers. You can probably still smell the exhaust, a little. Smokey little fuckers. Sorry, sir, smokey machines, sir."
"You can say fuckers around me, Major Kotter."
"Sir, thank you sir."
I looked at her. "You're kind of young to be an Army Major, aren't you?"
"I'm 26, sir. Graduated U-Tenn at 18, music education, added a Master's in Applied Mathematics at Penn State, then another Master's in Insurgent Operations at the War College."
"Why are you ...?"
"Here? I was told I was the best person for the job, Sir, given a chance to volunteer, so I did."
I thought about it. "You know I'm going to be... probably... having..."
"Lots of sex here, sir, yes, I was told that. I am also available for that, sir, once my relief arrives, sir. A lot of us are handling minutiae about everyone arriving today. Or, at least, most everyone."
Her casual reference to being 'available for that' wasn't lost on me. She was pretty, and fit, and I didn't doubt she could kill me just by looking at me funny. I pushed that thought back and just said, "Lunch?"
"Go ahead, if you're hungry I'm sure people are going to want to eat fast, as they come in. Head downstairs to 1, keep going down the extra half-flight and out the back. Signs point to the big sprawling building that's the mess hall. Meals there, plus some meetings, I think. Auditoriums for presentations are in the office building opposite. We'll get the tour eventually. I haven't been there either."
"Are there elevators?"
"Not for public use, or common use, really. It's complicated. Each floor is going to have security on stair access."
"Ah." I walked towards the door and she went to the guard compartment door. "See you in a bit."
The door let me out without a buzz, so at least it wasn't a prison.
== ==
The cafeteria was about a quarter full, and everyone already had trays of food. I got mine, walking through a lunch line a lot like a big version of my high school cafeteria. The women behind the counter looked like they were my age, 18 or 19, and there was an undercurrent of nervousness about the whole thing, like they were a little freaked out.
I could certainly understand that!
Really, the 'freaked out' look was really common. Shell-shocked, kind of.
There were a hell of a lot of people I knew already.
Running the numbers in my head while I was waiting for a tray, I wondered how many I could expect. Technically, my high school was about 1200 people, so my class would be 300? Then, 150 of them would be women. Since they'd said the building would hold 500, that left 350 others to be people chosen by someone else or volunteers.
I didn't get a say in this, apparently.
As I walked in, and through the line, a hush fell in the room, and there were a lot of low murmurs. Looking around, I got nervous and wondered if I was the object of ridicule in any way.
In line with my numerical analysis, about two-thirds of them weren't people I'd seen before. There was a lot of diversity in the room, though. I know my high school didn't have a lot of Black or Hispanic kids, or even that many Asians, but there were plenty of those at the tables - lots more Asians and Hispanics, though.
A slightly older gal, maybe in her late 20's and well-muscled, was waiting at the end of the line and said, "Over here, sir. Your table is reserved."
"Oh?"
"Marsha, your previous liaison officer, will be arriving this afternoon, but she made arrangements for a partially-random subset of persons you personally knew to be with you for the next two days. She said she had your agreement to this, sir, but if there's a problem we can address it with her when she arrives."
"My parents?"
"Your parents will be housed in a nearby building complex, to avoid problems. If you wish, we can arrange for visits, and after a certain amount of time you wish for them to live in this building, I'm confident we can discuss how to make that happen."
I was holding my tray, so we walked over to the head table she'd pointed me at.
Sitting there were some of the people from my plane, six total. Valedictorian Jo and Janice Adams I've mentioned.
Becky Southfield was in chorus with me and she had the most incredible body, so far out of my league that it's stupid. She could have been a famous model with that body, I knew it. Her eyes were things to slip into and forget where you were, to say nothing of her butt (though I never got the up-close chance).
Simone Vandervals was taller than me but rail thin, a sprinter on track and on soccer in the fall, I think. She was Black, with short flip-dreads, whatever you call them, a generally quiet demeanor, but an attitude and a half when it came to running topics. She did high jump, too, and had tried pole vault but (like many others) found that wasn't for her.
I knew that because I'd tried it, too, but it was seriously hard.
Besta Gonazlez was hispanic and utterly average looking, not especially pretty, not ugly, just a normal girl that I'd picked for my list because, for one, she was smart, and two, she was exactly average looking. I'd sat next to her in Bio, freshman year, and she'd said some cool stuff about animals she liked. I wanted to know more about her, but, yeah, life happened, and I never saw her much again. Still, I remembered her, and at odd times I thought I should probably work up some nerve, but the chance never happened.
As I sat, they stopped eating and looked over at me.
"Hey."
Besta said, "I thought, hey, this floating head thing won't affect me. It's a floaty head thing, and it's done, and who cares, whatever. Now I'm locked in some kind of military posh-prison thing and get to try to keep having sex with This One Guy for the next year of my life. Or more."
Looking over, I said, "You're not the only one."
Shaking out the napkin to get the plastic silverware, I looked around.
"Not my fault, guys. No clue."
Simone said, "Oh, I'm totally NOT blaming you. I'm putting the blame Right Where it Belongs - President Dukakis and his oversexed crony corrupt cabal of kookey-head cow-lickers."
We laughed. I raised an eyebrow. "Points."
"Points for what?"
"Just, points. Good alliteration."
She did one of those sideways head-shake things, "Oh, you don't get me started! You Don't, get me started!" Her eyes popped open and she made a silly face, knowing it was over the top, and we all knew it, too.
I took a bite and tried to act casual despite being nervous around them. "Rumor has it that one or more of you might be told you can sleep up on the top floor with me tonight, if you want. Not sure what's up with that, I'm never sure what's supposed to happen."
"You're on the top floor?"
"Yep." I bit into the sandwich farther and found it had some very nice Boston lettuce and brown-sugared ham in it, and it was Very Good, and made a yummy sound because, well, yeah, it was damn good.
I turned to Besta and asked, "So, how'd you 'get the call'? Doctor on your doorstep?"
"Yeah! Totally!..."
She told the standard story, and I was pretty sure they had to round up about 100 female doctors in short order in order to make that happen.
We looked around, and Jo said we should try to figure out who, what women, in our senior class, weren't there, who had said no.
I said, "Vansha Puritamaset, when I called her, she said no."
Simone said, "Vansha? She's here. She was on the plane, at least."
A bell rang several times, then, and an older (non-high-school) lady's voice came over the P.A.: "Everyone go to the lunchroom immediately, no exceptions."
We kept talking, and it wasn't too many more minutes before the cafeteria was filled up, standing room around the outside walls.
Peacock
Looking over to the door, I saw Marsha come in, and I had to smile. Apparently she was early, according to my room's guard.
She was with some woman of high rank who was really strident and walked like she owned the place. I guessed at the rank. I was pretty sure the uniform was Air Force, though, not Marsha's Navy-type.
The lady came right up to our table and stood there, so I stood up to face her. Everyone was watching. Shook her hand.
"Mr. Kooper. Pleased to meet you. Major General Elise Peacock. You may call me General, or if we're in an informal setting, maybe General. Or, you can call me General. If I'm on fire, you can use my last name, but probably not. Clear?"
I was agreeable. I'd met several high-ranking military people already, so a major general, that was good but not quite JCS level yet. "Yes, Ma'am."
"I'm going to make some announcements, that are rules for this facility. I want you thinking of things that might be good rules, but keep them to yourself until you talk with me. Even if you disagree with my rules, that doesn't mean I change them. This is My Facility, I make the rules, you're just a specialist worker in this machine. Copacetic?"
I thought about it. 'Okay, fine with me."
"You got a problem, you bring it to the bodyguard staff, or to me directly. You're not going to tell the cafeteria staff to make brownies on Wednesdays, that's not FOR you. You're not that guy. You get to do some things here, but you're not God. I'm God, here."
Her mood was friendly, but firm, and I knew she was used to getting things done, her way. It was all fine with me so I just nodded.
"Good. Now, some parts of this are going to be uncomfortable for you, too, but remember that for the others, it will be even more uncomfortable. Keep your panties unbundled."
I laughed, "Cool by me."
Seeing my agreement, she went over to a speaking platform climbed the two stairs and got where everyone could see her. She took a microphone there, turned it on, and blew on it. "Pththhhththttt... Pthththttt... Testing?"
"Good. Everyone, settle down, silence please. Silence."
It got quiet quickly.
"Attention, please. My name is Major General Elise Peacock. You can call me General, or if you're making a mistake by being informal, General, or if you want to yell insults after I've left the room, General. If another general arrives, qualify -THEIR- name, not my rank. You may NOT use my first name, or you might find yourself invited outside for some quick hand-to-hand lessons with my MP staff."
Her voice was conversational and charismatically interesting, but there was a message there - 'I'm in charge, don't fuck with me'. I liked her.
"Welcome to Moon Ranch. Named for a guy named Moon, long time ago. Not my decision. Problems, yell at his grave, it's down the hill."
"Most of us are here now. We lack about 100 more, they'll be here by nightfall. Christie is video recording this, it'll be on a channel for a while so you can re-watch all my glorious words scaring the shit out of you."
"Rules. This is a self-sustaining facility. We would grow most of our own food, but we don't need to, because some really big trucks just backed up yesterday and filled our basement freezers with enough to last two years. Fresh stuff, though, we'll be growing. We have greenhouses. You'll be tending those. We have chickens and horses and cows and goats. You'll be tending those. This is a working farm. A working farm means you WORK."
There was some mumbling.
"Still, you're students, most of you are really smart. Some of you are really dumb. Sometimes smart people are dumb, and you don't know who you are. It's hard to know for everyone - even about yourself. So, we have rules. Rules keep smart people from doing Really Dumb things. Rules mean doing things the right way, the Army way, and yes I'm USAF, but this is technically a leased, partially-active Army base. So, it's a lot of Army rules, on the surface. That said, there's LOTS of differences here."
"First rule. Assigned work? That includes outside work and school classwork. You have bodies and minds to develop. Physical education, gym classes, are mandatory for days that you're not working Farm duty. Miss a workout, miss a shift? Miss a meal. Miss another shift, sleep outside for a night. We have ways of making your lives hard. The hardest one would be exile from here. That's the kind of thing that's kind-of world-ending for you."
She explained like it was to kids, because I think not all the crowd had thought it through, what would happen if they left, or hadn't been invited.
"You don't want to go back out in the world. That's because, you MIGHT have been WITH Kevin Kooper. If so, you will quickly be captured, put on a boat or in a dungeon somewhere, and then, wait for the baby. If you're not pregnant, maybe they kill you, maybe they just torture you for information on Kevin. Crazy people in the world. This is not a prison keeping you in. This is a refuge for people trying to do you harm."
"This is, Without Question, Your best option for personal safety. Your best option for preserving the Human Race. Your best option for financial security, as previously mentioned. The American government's best option for ensuring America continues to Exist, Ever. Our BEST option is You, HERE, making babies. For any babies to EVER be born worldwide, anywhere, we have unequivocal testimony, it matters, the answer is to Make Kevin's Babies Now."
"Yes, we know. You're not ready. No one is ever ready. It's frightening. It's odd. Really, though, hell, a thousand years ago you'd be working on your fourth kid by now. Biologically, the timing is perfect."
"You are young. You are fertile, you are women, and Kevin is a man. He can give you what you need, what literally every human from Now Onwards, needs - information to save us. So. Be Nice to the Man."
She paused and let that sink in a minute.
"Kevin is not your enemy. You want to be pissed? Get pissed at all the wacknuts in the world that make nuclear, chemical, biological weapons. Get pissed at the oil companies and coal mines polluting the planet and melting the shit out of everything. Get pissed at people eating wild birds and living in feces passing germs back and forth with their pigs. Whatever."
"Anger at them is very reasonable. Anger at Kevin? He's Not That. He's this guy." She pointed at me. I tried to not move.
"I have information for you. We have now, with incredible levels of certainty, firmly established... Oh My God, have we established - where Kevin has been for nearly every minute of his entire life."
I was only mildly surprised by her saying that. I figured it already, but to have it confirmed was interesting.
"Thousands of people - tens of thousands - have been on the job doing his background check. We've talked to every one of his friends several times, about things large and small that they did together or talked about. We even know which PORNO magazines he had under his bed, where he bought them, the names of the convenience store workers who sold them to him, and what kind of hand lotion he used."
There was a small bit of laughter. I got a little red in the face, I think.
"We Know EVERYTHING. Kevin is just about as normal an American Male as there is in this world, with some good exceptions. He's basically ethical. He doesn't lie about big stuff. He treated his girlfriends well and kissed them nicely. He made some rude jokes in 7th grade. He's a normal guy. Get it?"
She waited.
"Thus, here are the rules. We are not human trafficking. We are not rapists. We are not pimps. We are facilitating an interaction that happens to be NECESSARY. This is not a place for whining, or complaining, or backstabbing bitchy maneuvers to one-up your roommate. This is a place that is supportive, kind-hearted, as corny as it sounds, and helpful to each other."
"Rule one is, Be Fucking Nice."
"Second rule. Clothing is Now Optional, Everywhere, but mostly inside. Clothing gets in the way of sex. Sex is what we all need Kevin to feel like he can do, anytime the mood strikes and the more often the better. Squeamish behavior, prudish I-never-do-that stuff, that's out the window. You're here. That said, No will mean No. He's not that kind of guy anyway. Really, Kevin won't need to press things, he's got lots of options. There will be no bullying, by anyone."
"Add to this rule, though: Anyone naked-bottomless while sitting on a public surface, you have to have a sitting towel under you. More on that later."
"Third rule. We are Sex-Positive. We are happy about sex. If you're not happy about sex, and you want to leave, there are rooms in an underground in-mountain 'refuge' facility in a desert in Nevada that's free for you, and also very safe. Also, it is very closed-in and high security and hot outside most of the year, but if you want to be alone the rest of your life, fine. We're making the choice plain and not coercive but we don't have the luxury of waiting forever."
"Fourth rule. Everybody Loves Everybody. If you have a problem with kissing other girls, practice until you're good at it. If you think it's bad or wrong, well, for 99% of human history, living in caves and huts, that was the normal thing. Wars made it so, more women than men. Kiss along to get along. Zero judgment about getting friendly with others here. Zero bullying, or Bad Things Happen to you. If you're near Kevin, and he wants to see some Great Lesbian Action to help him get there, remember the Third Rule, Sex is Good."
"Fifth rule. Honesty matters. Integrity matters. You see something wrong, you report up the floor-manager chain. You come see me. You want it kept quiet, I know how to find out things without giving away how I know. Whistleblowers welcome. That said, let's help prevent problems."
"Sixth Rule: Those persons who have solid reason to believe they are ovulating can wear a green wristband. This will indicate who is to be given priority. While a blood test can help reveal this, we are not there yet. So, Sixth Rule is, greenbands get priority. We don't' have those yet, they'll be here in a couple of days."
"Seventh Rule: No one goes off the property or communicates outside of established channels. No secret messages in letters. No phone calls. No running off down the road to the nearest phone. Those people emotionally close to you? They know you're doing good things, they don't need to know your exact location, and if they did find out, it puts Everyone at huge risk."
"Now, Goals."
"First Goal: Goal number one is for Every Single Female in this Facility, and I mean Everyone, cafeteria staff, MP's, Everyone... heck, not me, I'm too old now ... but everyone ELSE, to get pregnant, by one year from today, if not in the next few months."
She let that hang a moment.
"This should be possible. You can stay here to have the baby, or go to be with family at another location. Artificial insemination will be possible, but is not preferred."
"Second Goal: Provide Excellent care to Each Other. The US government will be installing an all-female-staff Ob/Gyn/Maternity center across the road at that office building. ALL of you have already had exams. Future exams will be literally the most advanced available on Earth. If you have polyps or some oddity, and medical science says it's possible to fix it, we will."
"Third Goal: Build a Community. This is the Moon Ranch. We are The Moon Unit. We want to make lots of little Kevins. Let's help each other do that."
"I should add a last rule. Baby names. There will be no "Kevin, Junior" naming, we'd quickly have lots of those and huge confusion. No 'Kevin' first names. Last names will be your own, for safety reasons."
"Anyone found to have a child whose DNA is NOT shared with Kevin will be charged with federal counts of felony fraud, and theft by deception, and a variety of bad things will happen. The FBI will be called in, and, yeah, that's a bad plan. Just Don't."
"Okay, people. The future starts today. We are all working towards the same purposes, so let's be All We Can Be. Patriotism isn't corny. It's not silly, or old fashioned. It's doing the Right Thing. We're doing the Right Thing here, all of us, from cooks behind us making us great food, to staff fixing shit, to all of us making a farm work to grow us food and keep us safe."
"Thank you. That is all."
Marsha very publicly stood and started clapping, and I stood, too, and everyone around did as well. I made a very conscious choice in doing that, because she was looking out for me, and this was going to be hard enough as it was.
We sat down eventually and finished up eating.
Marsha was sitting near us, and someone handed the General a food tray, so she came over and sat at the end of the table.
I wondered how someone got to be a Major General, but that was probably a conversation for another day.
Peacock said, "So. Kevin."
I looked over. I was mostly done eating, but I finished my bite and looked at her plainly, "Ma'am?"
"I think I know what your first question is going to be."
"Why are there cows next to an office building?"
She laughed, a good laugh, that she really was trying to just be herself around us.
"Not that one. Dunno. I figured, you'd want to know, you'd said you wanted a small list of girls to be the first ones you were intimate with, because you were being protective of your emotions. I got that, I get that, it's fine. I think it's important to make sure it's not secret information. It reflects very well on you."
"Thank you, ma'am."
"You asked for this limited first group, but now, your question probably is, what the fuck are all these other women doing here?"
Her use of expletives was for emphasis, but I could tell she spoke exactly. It was casual, but there was mental clarity in her use of terms that had targeted punch.
I replied, "Something like that."
"The General staffs of the US Army, Navy, hell the combined offices of the Joint Chiefs and The President, were brought in on your request, and the reason for it. We had some debates about whether you were pining for a lost love and trying to hide it in a list or not, but we quickly had enough interviews to prove that wasn't the case."
I laughed and shook my head. "Oh. My. God."
She laughed with me, "You bet your ass. We had to consider some things. FHK - Floaty Head Kevin - said it was Absolutely Essential you Breed. But, he's from another multiverse. We didn't know, have any info, on who his girlfriends, co-parents were. Hell, we don't even know if there are three sexes in his universe. So much NON-information."
I saw that.
"The best option became, since we don't know WHICH people he had kids with, we have to make sure we ensure we get babies from ALL the possible people it could be. That means, every girl in your senior class."
"Ahhhhh..." The moment dawned where it was more obvious.
"Since we needed to get All the women, we set about doing that. The text of your letter, as you read it out to the first people, was printed up and given to each of the senior women. Only you and a select few staff know the original size of the list and who was on it. This way, no one knows who was selected first, and we don't end up with social stratification, playing favorites, hurt feelings, resentment, etc."
The whole table around me was nodding. She took a bite of the sandwich to give us time to process.
To keep it lighthearted, I said, feigning a smarmy too-sexy voice and looking down with a mock-provacative expression, "Sooooo, General. You say you're ... too old?"
The whole table burst out laughing, and so did she. Someone at the next table over asked, and it got repeated, over and over and soon the entire room was laughing.
Peacock couldn't stop chuckling, but when she did, she held up her arms, forearms crossed and palms forwards in an obvious, "Stop" motion.
We went back to eating, and I went on, "I see why you did this, General. It was a surprise to me, but I've had a few experiences now that make the situation much more emotionally bearable."
"Good to hear it."
I got a little reflective. "Are there classes, like some kind of scholarly area, on sexuality? Is there someone who is an expert on how ... how best to lose one's virginity, or what to do first or last, or ... that stuff? I'm guessing so far."
She looked at me and shrugged.
Continuing, I said, "So, maybe this is a request for, like someone said, a 'chain of command'? Maybe someone - or a set of people - who are, uhh.. experts in sex? Or sexuality?"
She was considering this, so I continued, "I think it might be we're all kind of freaked out here, and it'd be good to ... have... clarity on what's the best thing? Or, at least, what we should think about?"
Marsha, seated next to us, got a walkie-talkie from her belt and raised it to her ear, then started speaking in low tones I could barely hear only because I was right next to her.
It squawked in answer, "Base."
She said, "Rollins here. Operational orders, med division, psych branch. Question. Are there experts in the scholarly study of sex, sexuality, scratch that, call it 'human sexuality'. Task immediate. Get experts, convene asap, EOD or early tomorrow. Emphasis on proactive how-to's. Better yet, a panel. Classified, obvious reasons. Get the panel to shortlist, select 4 experts, so 24-7 coverage. Females only, 1 year deployment, age irrelevant. Hold one."
Peacock had heard this going out and nodded, adding, "Check. Good plan. Make that an operational order, add it to my order book. Day after tomorrow is fine." She thought a moment. "Add to that, user-friendly literature for how to have good sex - lesbian and straight. Beyond the basics of 'be nice', more like, techniques-stuff. Go."
Rollins repeated that, pretty much word for word. She was good.
I was smiling, and raised my finger to add something to Marsha. She looked up, and I said, "I know a maybe-expert, who would probably know experts. Xaviera Hollander, columnist for Penthouse magazine. This is like the one and only time my 'research' pays off."
The table laughed, like it was just okay for me to be masturbating to pictures of naked women as a teenager, and no one really cared. I had grown up in a more repressed house than that. My mom didn't punish me for having nudie magazines on my shelf, but I Just Knew she had opinions.
Conversation started back in on the cows and the goats, and they were cute and jumpy.
Valedictorian Jo asked, "Captain Rollins?"
"Call me Marsha, please."
"Marsha. Do we have a substitute for the green wristbands until they get here? I think I'd be wearing one today, maybe for the next 2 days?"
"Not yet. We can getcha one. Timing is right for you at this table, why we chose you."
"Ah."
Jo digested this. She was looking down, but she said, forthrightly, "I'm a virgin."
There were some looks up, startled.
She looked up, then, and over at me.
I said, "Jo, I lost my virginity two days ago. I dunno if we're keeping secrets about who it was, but I'll hold on to that for the moment. I will say, she was a virgin, too, and we had a... really good... caring, fulfilling time. At least, I don't think anyone on Earth is good enough to fake the kind of interaction we had. I cared about her, she cared about me, it worked out."
Jo was considering this, and I knew the table was remembering my words, so I tried to speak carefully. "Yes, she had some pain, but, by a few minutes later, it seemed she had moved beyond that and was greatly enjoying the ...situation, which was a primary concern of mine. I'm not going to go further into it, that's ... not polite. But... if this is a question that might come up, maybe it's a good thing to just talk in the open about it."
She looked at me and sat back in her chair, pensive.
Jo looked at Marsha, "Do you know any more about this?"
Marsha looked at me.
I said, "I will soon have very few secrets, Marsha. I give you permission, from my perspective, to answer the gist of the question. I don't want to embarrass the other person. I'm interested, too, if you found out anything."
Marsha looked at Peacock and back at me, and spoke as if she was doing a dissertation. "We did exit interviews. She was asked to rate your attention, caring, respectfulness, patience, and knowledge. All of those were tops minus knowledge being medium, understandable."
We all (the table full of us) listened carefully.
"She indicated confusion about that, and a subsequent encounter, due to her second orgasm being extended and of such intensity she may have fainted. She indicated no choking or breath-holding, merely being overwhelmed by the sensations. She asked if that was normal. While I'm not a medical professional, I said..." Marsha half smiled and said with a lighthearted smirk, "And I said, it's infrequent, but generally hoped-for."
The girls laughed like that was the funniest thing ever, and I had to feel good about that.
I looked over and even Peacock was laughing.
She saw me looking and rolled her eyes, "Making me rethink my elderly status."
This set off more laughter.
I waited for the end and said, "Marsha, thank you for that, but... I'm worried. There's no way I can expect to give that kind of joy to ... any more than a few people, maybe? How am I to know if it's common or not? What if people expect it of me, and I can't deliver? I'm having enough trouble worrying about being able to be a decent, kind-hearted partner to ... Literally, ever Fucking Person here, Fucking intended."
She smiled but shook her head with some compassion. "Relax, Kevin. Don't worry here. It's all among friends. Everyone is responsible for themselves. If you happen to help, great, but that's not the only goal."
The other girls at the table nodded like they sympathized.
We finished lunch then and turned in our trays. Just as I left, I heard Marsha behind me saying,
"Girls, you here at the table plus the few yet to arrive, unpack your duffles, get 2 days of clothes, sachel pack should be in there, and head up to 501. Guard will have your names."
Coming out, it turned out we had to go outside to get to the cafeteria, though there was an overhang. It occurred to me that it would get mighty cold in the winter, if it did get cold there.
I got back up to the room, unpacked into one of the roomy walk-in closets (not where I thought they were) and walked naked to the bathroom. I wondered if I'd be alone in the room very long, if ever again. I had responsibilities, including ones which depended on my testicles (with whom I'd had very little interaction except to grab in pain several times while growing up).
The shower was exceptionally nice. I could turn on three different shower heads at the same time and get water from multiple directions.
It didn't last that long though, since I frankly didn't feel that dirty even though I'd been traveling all day.
Stepping out, I realized I'd forgotten a towel, and they were all back in the main room on the kitchen counter area, a huge laundry basket full of them.
I got them, half expecting to see women walking in all of a sudden, but no such oddity happened. It would have been exactly on point for me given the last few days, too.
Dressed in sweats, I headed back out to the main room and looked around the bookcases for anything worth reading. There was a TV, but it got 3 channels but none of them were clear - bad reception was apparently normal for rural areas.
The door buzzed and Jo and Janice walked in, carrying backpacks. They dropped them and settled into one of the five couches surrounding the giant center footrest/table. I noticed then, "Hey, the coffee table is a pentagon! Cool! Even the table is military."
Jo said sardonically, "Did you think that up just now or have you been waiting ten minutes to tell someone."
I shrugged, "Just now. I'm non sentient when you're not here. Until you observe me, I evaporate into nothingness, and when you look back, I condense into a Kevin again. For I am, Heisen-Kevin, the undead unalive cat-man." I stopped and dropped to my normal voice, "Or, do you think SchroedingKevin sounds better?"
Janice thought that was amusing and asked if I took my clothes with me, or if they just held their shape where I could potentially be.
"No, the clothes have their own fade-in, fade-out timing. Unless I'm observing them, they can disappear. It explains the random cold drafts I feel."
Jo asked, "When are you gonna give a tour?"
"I'm not. It's a room."
The door buzzed and Marsha came in.
She was leading Besta, Simone, and Becky. They let the door shut behind them.
Marsha said, "Hey, sir."
"Marsha! Is this the crew for the night?"
"One more is coming, then two more tomorrow night, though we'll try to figure out how we do this better as time goes on. Plans are in motion. We're pretty sure that eight women in a 24-hour period is not reasonable as a sustained rate for your libido, but we can try it for a while and dial it back as needed."
"My ... libido?"
Jo said, "Sex drive. How much you _want_ to have sex." It struck me that Jo was probably very often the person in a conversation who spoke up and explained things. I had been that, too, but looking back, I think I tended to quiet down and do it less over the course of high school.
"Ah."
Marsha said, "I'll give the tour. There's lots of people roaming the halls now and we need to keep the guard on station out there."
We stood up like we were going somewhere. Marsha said, "Gather round."
We did.
She pointed (and we as a group craned our heads together to look) back to where we'd been sitting, "This? This is the living room. That? That's the kitchen. A bathroom's over there. There are pianos over there, a room over, and some exercise stuff. The big bedroom is there, with a fireplace, a bunch of beds, and a big bathroom. Questions?"
I'd expected more than that. We all laughed at the brevity.
Marsha said, "I'm an executive officer for a general now. I have twelve bazillion things to do, and pointing at toilets isn't going to let me sleep longer tonight."
Inspired, I opened my arms to a hug and walked over to Marsha, who outright laughed as she hugged me back. Looking back, I said, "I think Marsha needs a hug."
Janice stepped up first and said in a mock-singsong voice, "Here's your hug, Captain Rollins!"
They each did this and Marsha couldn't get out of there fast enough.
I said, "I'll handle the tour. Follow me, I guess, grab your packs."
Leading them around, I showed them where the two sets of bunk beds were, the nice bathroom, closets, etc.
Janice knew how to play piano, so she tried it and also noted it was super out of tune.
I said, "Someone should know how to tune it."
Jo held up her finger and went over to the phone. She picked it up and dialed. "Yes. This is room 501. We have a low-priority task, sometime in the next... two weeks? Yeah. There are two super-duper nice pianos, grand pianos up here, need tuning, we want to play. Right, low priority, bottom of your list, just don't want to forget it.... Okay... Jo Parstinelli. Thanks... bye."
"I didn't know we could do that."
"There's a sign near reception in the lobby. It says, 'Building maintenance, call x2345. Easy to remember."
We walked back into the other room, and I sat back down on the couch. Janice kept walking around, looking at things, including out the window, which I hadn't done much.
They were talking and I mostly ignored it, but Jo said, "Say, the giant jacuzzi in the bathroom corner is empty, mind if I start filling it?"
I laughed, "Sure. Does it stay hot, or is it a bathtub?"
"Dunno."
She went back in and I could vaguely hear the sound of running water.
The girls kept talking about stuff, something to do with a popular singer and how he had described that FHK ("Floaty Head Kevin) was really the Second Coming of Christ and everyone needed to sing its praises and doing numerology on the frequency of certain letters in the words he said.
We were laughing, but I knew, there's really people stupid enough to do that.
Janice called in, "I'm gonna get in. There's room for all of us, if you want, but I think we all should take quick showers first, don't want to get the water dirty."
Surprisingly, all the girls stood up and headed into the bedroom. I was comfy, but I realized I should probably go, too, and I might see some boobs (!!!).
A man has to have his priorities, you know.
I stopped by my bed and took off the clothes I'd just put on about an hour before, and (thinking ahead) grabbed some towels from the kitchen again. Not quite as stupid as I looked, I thought.
The sight that greeted me was a blessing.
Not just Janice, but Jo and Simone and Besta and Becky were all naked and showering. Janice was already wet and leaning over the jacuzzi, giving me a view of her butt. She was testing the running water for being too hot and playing with the knobs.
As I was about to get in the showers with the girls, to rinse off, I heard a faint buzz of the buzzer and then a, "Hello?!?"
Turning around and sort of shielding myself with the door, I peeked around and saw the guard, Sema, standing there with Cara Lyons. I knew Cara from chorus but only vaguely.
"Hello? Sema? Cara? We're in the bathroom."
Sema called out, "One more addition for tonight, had their whole bus break down, she's here now."
"Hold one." I was picking up the lingo. Grabbing a towel, I didn't wrap myself but just held it in front of me and walked out. "Cara!" I smiled. Cara was not someone I would necessarily choose to see naked. Yet, here I was faced with this situation. "Cara. Kevin, if you remember me."
"Sir. I do."
I was confused, "Why are you calling me sir?"
"Uh... everyone else is? It's the thing around here, some rad boingo game thing. I'm just ... here. I don't know why."
Looking over at Sema, I said, "I got this, thanks."
Sema looked concerned but said okay and went back to the guard shack.
From behind me, there was beautiful female laughter coming from the showers. I was missing something.
Cara looked at me, holding a towel, and looked at the bathroom. "You were... in the middle of something. Go ahead, I'll wait til you're done."
I thought about it, and it was tempting. Really, really tempting. But, it was the wrong thing to do.
Motioning to the sofa, I pulled the towel around me so I could sit on it and not be overexposed. She sat at a right angle, and I looked at her. She was seriously depressed looking.
This called for some honesty, and I had to be nice about it.
"You're obviously down. I get that. We're all kind of suffering here, but there's down spots and up spots, and..." I head motioned to the shower, "They're trying to have an up spot to help me out so I'll make love with them tonight."
She looked at me. "You just said that. Out loud."
"I could have said fuck. Make love sounds better.... Or, 'shtup'. Mel Brooks uses that one."
"German, it's German."
I smiled, I knew that. "Tired, of being admired..."
She gave a half-smile. She knew the movie.
"There, got one. So. two things. Now and later. First, the situation. There's five girls in there, all naked, all utterly gorgeous, and they're about to get in the jacuzzi. I was going to get in with them, and have fun feeling all their soft skin rubbing against me. Yum."
"Why are you talking like this?"
"You want honesty. Your face is crying out for honesty. You just said, 'I don't know why I'm here.' That's obviously false. You know exactly why you're here."
Her eyes went up, avoiding mine, looking at the ceiling in an exasperated and tired voice, "To bend over, get fucked, have a kid, and save the world."
I thought about it. "That's exactly right. Correct on all counts. Minus two. You dropped some words." getting a blank stare, I said, "You're here to _potentially_ be available to get fucked, to _potentially_ do it while bent over, to _potentially_ have a kid, and potentially save the world. Nothing in this life is certain. Even my ability to totally do the incorrect thing and hurt lots of people. I think that's actually likely, I'm enough of a pessimist to know that much. Sometimes I really can mess up huge."
"How could you mess up? All you have to do is sit there, get blown and fucked, spurt cum, and have fun."
I chuckled, "You have a point. We are destined for different sets of experiences. I can't do the carrying and labor part." Thinking, I said, "I can bottle feed, though. Not nursing, really, but... maybe."
"You're a total wierdo."
Looking down and considering, "Not a total weirdo. General Peacock said tonight that I was pretty much mostly normal, as American guys go. I think she's off a little, I'm a geek, I read a lot and get good grades, and don't get much into football, so I'm kind of an outlier on those fronts."
"Why am I here?"
"Why are you asking?" I wanted her to say it.
"I'm fat. I'm ugly. I'll be a forever-virgin and then die of a heart attack at 35."
"Ah. Good plan. Solid. Achievable. Mean-spirited and hateful, but, yeah, well, fuck the world, I guess, right?"
"Why are you talking with me? Even spending the time? I'm ... not ... I've seen the rest of the girls here. I'm nowhere close to them."
"True, they are very trim. Athletic. They get me going like nothing else. I can't wait to ... play."
"Why aren't you there, then? Already 'made love' twelve times today or something?"
I laughed, "None yet, actually, and Soon-probably. I'm here because you're hurting. And, being mean. And I don't like that. I like your singing. You're being mean to a person I like the singing voice of."
"Dangling preposition."
I smiled widely in a silly way, "Suck up."
She laughed. It was better.
"You're being mean to Cara, Cara. You're not going to be fat forever. And, even if you are destined to be, maybe they can put you on uppers or cocaine or heroin or something and it'll make you thinner." I was totally laughing.
"Not a good plan. I have to carry a baby."
I was out there silly-feeling. "If you can get some of my yummy white man-juice."
"Yeah. Like that's possible."
"Listen. I don't know why you're fat, if it's in your body, if it's fixable with lots of workouts and salads and chasing goats or whatever they have here. But, right now? I need to establish something, to prove something, and you're the best person to do it. I need your help, pretty clearly."
I was thinking as I was talking, and the inspiration had hit me dead on.
She was confused.
"Politically. Everyone here is supposed to get pregnant sometime in the next year, right?"
"Yeah?"
"Thus, everyone's gonna get fatter. Happens, I hear. So, lots of people are going to get worried they're too fat, even though they're just pregnant-fat, and they're going to freak out and think that I don't care about them anymore."
"Ohhh..."
"So. Here's the thing. You're right. I'm incredibly turned on by thin, athletic people. I think, maybe you've got to be super-strong to carry around that weight, so if you drop some fat, you're gonna be like a great farm-wife, weightlifter-girl easy-peasy."
"You're not helping."
"See!? I told you I'd fuck up!" I was smiling. "I just fulfilled my destiny, to say exactly the wrong thing."
"You are trying."
"Come into the bedroom. Get undressed. Take a shower, in view of everyone. Come and get in the jacuzzi. We'll make room. If anyone says anything against you, anything mean-spirited, I'll make them last-call when the jizz goes flying."
She laughed.
"You really want me in there?"
"Yes. And, I know something they don't."
"What?"
"What would you do, to have the chance to lose your virginity tonight? Nicely? With foreplay and everything?"
Her eyes got big. "You'd?"
"Total honesty, right?"
"Yeah?"
"I may not be looking at you the whole time, I may get lost in your eyes or something."
"Suck up."
"True. So what would you do?"
She thought. "Just about anything."
"Kiss a girl?" She nodded, and kept nodding. "Lick a boob? Suck a boob so hard you pull half of it into your mouth? Finger a girl? Let a girl finger you? Stick your finger up a girl's butt? Lick a girl's pussy?"
All of it, she kept nodding.
"Good. I'm gonna make you do all that. I'm going to force you, under pain of... having to sing Berlioz again... to do what I say."
She laughed. "I liked the Berlioz!"
"Fine, fine. Do what you want. Totally kidding about making you do anything at all. Seriously, everything is optional. Check in, check out, go away, come back, lick this, don't lick that, whatever. Sure, I want to see some lesbian stuff. I've been looking at porn my whole life and I've never seen it live."
"Not in the past few...?"
"Not yet. Gonna happen. I need backup. I need you. You commit to things, Cara. It's in your singing voice. You decide, and you do. Yeah, sometimes we all fall over. But, you're trying."
"Can I kiss you?"
"When?"
"...Now?"
I stood up, and so did she, dropping her pack. I dropped my towel, because why not. We stepped in and kissed, not a long one, but long enough."
"My first boy kiss."
"First? On the same night that you...potentially... could...?"
She laughed. She was ecstatic.
"Follow me."
She did, walking into the bathroom. I picked up the towel pile and put them on the sink. The girls called over, and then stopped when they saw Cara.
"Girls, this is Cara, most of you know her. Bus broke down, she was sad she missed the party so far, but I told her, more the merrier, so we're gonna get hoppin'."
Cara went back into the bedroom and got undressed, and came back in about the time I was getting out of the shower; she'd stripped off fast.
I had thought that she was fat, and she had some, but mostly she was just rotund, I would say, not morbid or anything.
Joining the girls, there was plenty of space for Cara, who joined us after a few minutes of soap and rinse (from travel, she exclaimed it was great to be clean again).
The girls had made space for me where Jo, the lightest one obviously, could sit on my knee, and then there was space for Cara to settle in.
I tried to get a read on the girls' mood. There was some nervousness, and I wasn't sure why, but I let it go for a while.
I felt up along Jo's back, and hips, and with my other hand played with Besta's breasts, just squeezing and fondling. I asked for her to stand up so I could suck on them, and she did, pushing her chest into my mouth to let me really get my whole face involved.
Jo had to lean back, and I think her reticence from earlier was giving way to trying to play on her being thin and pretty in general, which was not usually her wheelhouse, despite being true. Usually it was just being smart.
I said, "Jo. Let's see what happens to Besta when you suck one nipple and I suck the other one."
Jo looked at me and bit her lower lip. She didn't want to, I think. But, it's a boob, it's pretty innocuous, and the water would mean there'd be no taste.
Her head moved and she tentatively sucked, cupping the breast as she did. Besta, not at all used to this kind of action, quickly said, "Ohhh, too much, stop, too much..."
We all laughed and I said, "Excellent. We have a data point. My licking plus Jo's licking is too much for Besta. Next!"
They looked at each other, and I looked past Besta to Janice. Janice was in cross country with me, a redhead like I said, and had a pretty normal looking medium-sized set of breasts.
She moved over, trading with Besta, but then I said, "No, Besta, you sit where Jo is, we'll go around that way. Everyone gets a chance to suck and be sucked."
This made sense, a pattern, so around we went. Janice's breasts were way tighter, firmer really, than Besta's. Pretty soon it was Becky (an INCREDIBLE beauty) on one knee in the water, her C-cup lingerie-model breasts coming out far enough for me to see them, and Cara standing up to have her nipples sucked.
Cara's breasts were firm but not like the runner's firmness, but her nipples were big enough to get a hold of with my tongue and lips, and I liked that. "Mmmmm" I looked over at Becky's face, and she was sucking in one of the nipples like it was nothing startling. I wondered if she'd done it before (after infancy, of course).
We got around to the end, and then it was Cara on my knee and Jo receiving the sucking. She accepted it, but I could tell her nipples were super-sensitive.
Cara seemed into it, which was good. I could tell that Jo didn't like being around Cara right from the start.
We hung out for a while; there was enough space for me to sit without anyone on my leg, and I let that happen.
Getting out seemed right just a couple of minutes later when when the prune-finger-factor got high, we climbed and ached with the fact that we were really relaxed and there we were having to walk around.
I dried off and sat on the edge of the bed, then laid back. Besta laid beside me and asked, "So, hot-stuff, how's it hangin'?"
Laughing, I said, "Dangling. I'm not going to raise it until there's some place to go." I was narrating off the fly, like I'd thought of this ahead of time, but I was winging it. I knew which one I wanted to make love with the most - the most beautiful person there, Becky - but if I did that, I wouldn't get to sleep with her that night. I had to arrange this so I could sleep next to her. So, first... Besta. And, she was right there.
I looked over, "Jo. Besta needs to be warmed up. I'm going to kiss her for a while. Can you help out, too?"
Truthfully, I had no idea how this was going to work. I'd never had a threesome. I'd thought about it, but usually in the context of things I'd read in Penthouse Forum. They usually had some play to it, and trading around.
"Besta, let's see. Simone, you come up, Besta can warm you up, and maybe we can go second?"
Simone had a small 'tude and asked, "What does 'warm up' mean?"
I tried to blink innocence at that. Cara said, very matter of factly, "Cunt-munching. Pussy licking. Fingering. Buttplay. Whatever you like, the other person does. You ask, the other person does it. Dunno how? Ask. But, they have to do it. It's like truth or dare. If you don't do it, the dare gets twice as hard."
I laughed, "Great idea, but... I'm not sure we're into punishment. Still, yeah. Ask and ye shall receive. I want to ask, Simone, uh... please let me watch you get licked by Besta? You don't have to like it, but you do have to tell her how to improve if you don't. I might learn a thing or two, I don't have the same parts."
Jo said, "Mmmmm. NO. You. Don't!"
We all laughed.
Simone got onto the bed, but then we peeled back the covers because the comforter looked too nice to get lots of stuff on. Besta hadn't gotten licked before, either, I pointed Jo at Besta's legs, "Kiss a trail upwards. Spread her out. Small licks."
Jo said, "Like you've...," but then stopped.
I said quietly, "I have, actually, the last two nights, well, not last night, I was busy. But, yeah, the two before that. I liked it, Very Very Fun. Ever done?"
"No. My mom always said only gross people do that."
I thought about it. "You know what? I think, at some point in the next year, Every Single Person in this building is going to lick a pussy. Everyone. Why would I say that? Because I'm going to ask them to. Now, not all are going to, so yeah, not Every person, but mostly? Because, it turns me on to watch. I like seeing people orgasm. I've always liked watching that, on porno videotapes. PLUS, I just watched, and felt, when I could help it."
She nodded, kind of wide-eyed. Behind her, Besta was moaning as she was trying to lick Simone, and Simone was moaning from liking what was happening.
"Jo. Would it help if I licked her, and then kissed you?"
"Uh... might?"
"Okay."
I turned over, and kissed my way up Besta's thighs. "Jo. Come here. Watch closely."
Jo came over and lay next to me. I kissed and licked up Besta's thighs, working my way in. kissing on either side of her lips, I kissed over the top, then wide-tongue licked right up her lips, spreading them and leaving them really glistening.
As I got to the top, I did it again, focusing on her clit, but going around to the side, then the other side, and then over the top, and watched what Besta did.
"See, Jo?" I licked deeper, I reached up with a finger and pushed inside Besta, who moved her hips and moaned with want. "Finger in, finger bends, licking over and up."
I pulled my finger out and stuck it in my mouth and sucked on it, but didn't swallow. She tasted good, really good, but I wanted to have some in my mouth. "Jo." I motioned in, come, kiss me.
She did, leaning in and touching lips, then open-lipped kisses, our tongues dancing a little.
Body-language-wise, she started a little when I think she realized what she was tasting.
We unkissed. "That. That's Besta. Besta wants your help."
Jo bent in and kissed her way in and started licking Besta.
I turned to Becky and Cara. "Becky, have you ever been licked?"
"No?"
"Good. Cara probably hasn't licked anyone yet. So, you'll both be new. Becky, come up and we can kiss a minute while Cara helps you."
Cara moved in fast, helping Becky get situated on the bed, and then started licking and kissing up, and I knew Becky had gotten the good stuff when she shifted and moaned from the good job Cara was doing.
I waited until it was obvious Besta was getting near orgasm, then leaned over and started sucking on one areola and pulling on the other one, from the base like I'd been instructed and I'd mentioned was good.
This pushed her over, and she came, much to Jo's amazement. Her, "Ohhhh!!!! OHHHHH!" echoed in the room and I was loving it.
I congratulated Jo, who couldn't believe it worked, I think.
Besta just tried to breathe, and Carmen crawled off and lay across the bed watching.
Knowing what was coming, I asked, "Jo, can you lick me for a little bit? I need to be up and wet... Everyone else, can you move into the other bedroom for a minute or five? I'd like to help Besta have her first time with a little one-on-one?"
They shifted and rolled off into the other room, leaving Besta breathing, and Jo giving me a horrible amateurish blowjob.
It was enough. I got up and wet, so I thanked Jo and moved over to Besta.
Light streamed in the windows. It was mid-day. This wasn't a nighttime thing, like the other two had almost been, the windowless room having a 'nighttime' vibe to it. Right up next to her, I whispered, "Besta. Do you want to make love now?"
"Oh my god yes!"
"You're a virgin?"
"Yeah, I've given some blowjobs but that's it."
"Okay." I reached over and grabbed a towel, and spread it on the bed next to her hips, and she shifted to be over it. "Just in case."
Her nod to me was frightened but smiling hopefully.
Missionary it was, face to face. I lay atop her, propped up on one elbow, getting my very hard cock in the right place. I got a go-ahead from Besta, and then pushed up and in.
She didn't have a hymen for whatever reason, so it was just incredibly tight, and that had an effect on me. I couldn't keep that up forever, so I had to slow down.
Her tunnel squeezed me, the incredible softness gliding reluctantly out of the way as my cock pushed her tissues out of the way. Woooowwww....
As I slowly, ever so slowly, stroked in and out of her, I knew I could last a long time that way. And, I did. She didn't, though. Her breathing got more and more shallow and fast, her moans more fervent and desperate, and then I had to move faster. I did, thrusting UP and IN and loving her tightness, feeling and knowing that was her pussy, her vagina was wrapped around my cock, and at the top of that, a little hole that I was going to push juice up into.
Push it, I did. I came. I came hard. Grunting with the outflow and seeing my inner-fireworks, I felt her, too, coming on me, under me really, holding me super tight with her arms and equally with her pussy clenching tight-tight-tight-tight on my cock. I knew, this was just pulling cum out of me.
Besta's reaction was more or less like Jodi's extended cum. She started, and then didn't stop. Her orgasm wracked her body, in and out of isometric utter-clench non-movement, whimpering and crying out as she went.
I couldn't do much but wait for it to end and still slowly thrust into her as I did, and Wow did that feel good, pulsing on me.
As it faded, I slowed and stopped, then pulled out and rolled on my side, but she was still coming, so I hugged her as she did.
A minute is a Very Very Long Time to have an orgasm.
Two minutes is nearly unfathomable. Women are so kick-ass.
The girls came in and watched as Besta's reaction continued, then faded and she relaxed, maybe asleep.
Becky, she of the perfect tits, leaned over to Besta and said, "Hey, Besta. What day is it?"
Besta's slow breathing inhale-exhale continued.
She repeated the question. This time, Besta said, "Mmmm? Wha? Day? Cloudy. Floaty clouds."
We all kind of laughed.
Looking down, I was face up on the bed. My cock was very wet, both with my cum and Besta's juices. I remembered a story I'd read once in Hustler, not known for nice erotica, more like stuff that I figured longshoremen or crass assholes read. Still, it would illustrate a point that I wanted to make about Cara, and about Jo, who seemed kind of put out that sex was messy.
Thinking of that story, I said, "New ritual. After I have sex, the option is for someone else to hop on so they can get some of the cum. Ten thrusts in, straddle me and go. Then, and this is the thing... I'm winging this... that privilege has to ... balance. Let's say, after that, that person has to suck me and lick me clean. They can suck any cum they can and give it to someone else, like, drip it in or whatever, but ... that's the thing. Anyone wants to, gotta try it fast before I fade. If I do, it's just the lick option."
Simone said, "I'm not a virgin, I'll go." She climbed up, pulled her lips open carefully and my cock upwards, and lowered herself on me, settling down with a huge smile and a set of inhales.
I said, "Oh, wow, that's good, Simone. Thank you."
"Not done yet..."
She rose and fell, counting off her bottoming-outs... and then pulled off, to my great disappointment. I thought about telling her to keep going, but I was torn about this being a good idea or it putting more pressure on me to just keep going and come again, and I was pretty sure I couldn't do that.
Sliding up and pulling her leg off so she wasn't straddling me anymore, she bent down and started sucking on my cock, pulling from the base to get any and all juices out of it.
"Jo, you want it?"
"Oh, yeah!"
I directed them. "Lie on the bed, head over the side. Move up - let your shoulders slide off, until your butt is right up in the air at the edge of the bed. Open your legs, open your sex, she'll dribble it in."
She did exactly that, and Simone leaned down, dribbling in the cum, and licking Jo's pussy after she was finished.
"Damn sexy."
"Sexy about that?"
I smiled, "Willingness to help, caring enough to help her." I sighed contentedly, and I was so tired all of sudden, I had to just lie back, talking, slurring my words along the way, I'm pretty sure
I continued, incredibly drowsy and slurring, I was sure, my vision failing as I talked. "Really, it's Out of scale sexy, Jo sexy Simone, sexy... You know, right now? Hmmm... 3 pussies got swimmers. 3 of 5. Swimmers goin' upstream, tryin' fine-at home-egg. [yawn] Boofull, such ... amazing. Women. [yawn]. So much love. Love is good. I like love....kind hearts... pretty hearts. Soft insides, swimming home. [yawn] Oooeee, hrmmm... Love... more love. Good stuff, maynard."
Someone might have grabbed blankets over me, and a pillow, and Hmmm...
== ==
I woke up about two hours later, by the clock on the bedside table, and found Simone was napping near me, as was Besta.
When I stirred, Simone moved and rolled over, enough to look me in the eye. "Heya."
"Hey."
"You were so tired, you were slurring when you were falling asleep."
I laughed, "What'd I say?"
"Swimmers going home."
"Swimmers? Someone is swimming?"
"Sperm. You were talking about sperm."
I thought about it. I vaguely remembered something about that. "I said that out loud?"
"Uh-huh."
"Oh." I thought. "Gotta pee."
"Me, too."
I smiled, "Don't pee on me. Unless I'm on fire."
She laughed quietly and we carefully got up. "Shouldn't we wake up Besta?"
I shook my head, whispering as we went to the bathroom, "Walk a mile. Who knows what path she's had. Leave her be. I'm thinking we'll all adjust in a couple of days, maybe? Besides, I might need her up in the middle of the night to put another sperm deposit in."
She laughed, "What a romantic." Considering, she added, "Not before a direct one to me, I hope."
"I gotta be fair. I think you got some, maybe not a full measure, but... Wasn't there quite a bit there?"
"Some, maybe, but... I wanted the... experience. Besta's orgasm was... Wow."
"And you were just watching. I'll try to help your experience be ... as good as I can."
About then I let the door to my WC close and found it was really quiet, but dark. The light turned on a significantly loud fan. Apparently the Sultan didn't like bathroom noises leaking out.
I wondered if, in the length of human history before bathroom fans, if people employed singers to create cover-sounds while they were in the bathroom pooping. The sultan would have been rich enough. Or, still was. I didn't know if he was still alive or there was a new, improved Sultan of Brunei on the throne.
I can't say I blame him, really, about the noise. I never wanted to hear my sister when the hall bathroom door was shut. When I was little I had to wait, being too close to the door meant Knowing Too Much.
I'd just gone to pee but found more business to make, so when I did, instead of just having toilet paper, they also had a step-flush by the base that said, "Bidet". I stepped to push it, and... Surprise!! There was cold water, a lot of it, hitting me right in my butthole!
Well then. That'll wake you up!
I finished by wiping the water off my now dripping butt with the toilet paper and flushing, then going out and washing hands and brushing teeth again since why not, I was going to have to kiss a lot of girls coming up.
I came out to the main room and looked for my clothes. No clothes. I was sure I left them near the bathroom.
Oh well. I could get more, but I had a feeling this was a message.
I walked out into the room, shutting the door behind me to keep it quiet for Besta.
Everyone else was naked, too.
No shame attached - the group looked pretty at ease about it.
I saw new faces (and bodies!). Besides Becky, Janice, Jo, Cara, and Simone, we'd apparently added queen-bitch Kelli Nestor (again, volleyball athletic, totally hot, but a sneering bully), and Marie Garza.
Marie I knew because she was dating a guy on the cross country team, Jonpaul. Jonpaul was a kindhearted idiot. He ran fast, worked really hard, devoted himself, but I was pretty sure he was in special ed and his brain was just way slower than most people's.
We liked him, the team did. I figured out (we all did) that we had to be very careful to not make jokes that made fun of dumb people, because it wasn't nice, and we all liked and respected his devotion to helping people and achieving as a runner.
Not wanting to talk to Kelli, I focused on Marie. She was black-haired, hispanic, C-cup and trim frame from tennis, I think, or maybe not. Trying to ignore the fact that she was naked (but clean and showered going by her wet hair), I said, "Marie!!! So good to see you here... where... Oh, yeah... uh, we're all sort of kidnapped?" I let my voice trail off and eyes go sideways like I was disturbed, discovering this just then.
She smiled, but she wasn't happy.
Looking over at Kelli, I tried to keep the same energy and said, "Kelli! Good to see you, too... Despite things.'
She nodded at me, but Marie half stood and reached out her hand, and we shook. Her face was cloudy, and I'd seen that around a lot while we were traveling, it's not the sort of thing to just go away.
As she sat again, Marie said, "You have something of a loose dress code."
"Not my rule."
"Still it's aimed at you. It benefits you. So, it's your rule."
"You're right. I could object. I don't. I won't, it ... kind of makes sense. You watched the Generals' speech, maybe?"
"Twice."
"Ah." I sat down on the edge of the couch that faced her and realized my cock was still semi-hard, looking at all the amazing women. I thought about trying to shield it, but there was no way to do that, so I kind of had to give up and power through.
Marie noticed me, and noticed me noticing myself, I think. "Yeah. You're hard. You want to fuck me. You can't just fuck all these women, it's me now, too. And Jonpaul is ... trapped at home, with the rest of them."
"Trapped?"
"No one can leave. Martial law in Clintonville. Too many out of town people coming in, they stopped that and set up a perimeter, and roving guards. At least, that was how it was the first couple of days. Probably will be a while."
I knew the real issue. "You really love Jonpaul. I know that. He loves you, too."
"No shit. We ... talked, after. Phone calls were getting interrupted every 15 seconds, we couldn't talk but a few words."
"Huh. Talking doesn't matter, Marie. You know each other well enough, he knows. You know. You're good for each other."
She surprised the hell out of me. "No we're not! We suck. He's an idiot. I love him to the ends of the Earth, I'd marry him tomorrow, but it would be the biggest mistake since ... since me coming here."
I wasn't the only one who was confused.
Cara asked, "I'm missing something. Who is Jonpaul?"
I looked over, then back at Marie, "May I?"
"Sure."
I looked to Cara. "Jonpaul Yates? Runs cross country and track with me, with us, really. Heart as big as a whale. Utterly dependable! Never lies, says a mean thing, ever, ever. He's kind, relaxed, sees the best in people. That's the good bits. Buuuuut, there's a problem. His IQ is somewhere near.. Like, 80 or something? Pretty low. I don't think he can read well, and... gets confused easily. Just not a smart guy. But, Amazingly open hearted and willing to help anyone."
Cara asked, "Downs?"
"Nope. Just ... born that way."
I looked back at Marie. Did I get that right?"
She looked at Cara. "Kevin's... Mostly, yeah. That's it." I could tell she wanted to say something but kept it back.
Cara was confused, "If he's a great guy? You love him? Duh! Marry him."
Marie sighed, and leaned back on the couch. I resisted the urge to look too close at her crotch, slightly open towards me.
I was almost getting more mature!
Marie said, "I could. I could marry him, and have happy healthy kids, probably. I was thinking about it, before this happened. He's not going to college. I'd have to, to get a good enough job to pay bills, get health insurance, you know. Still... I can't have a good conversation with him, really. I read the paper, and magazines, and ... textbooks. He _already_ isn't getting a lot of my jokes. I have to tone it down. If I go to college...Yeah."
Cara sighed and nodded, "Ooohhhh. I get it. Not as good a match, then."
Marie looked up at me, maybe thinking, maybe just feeling.
I glanced down quickly to see my cock had gone down to normal size, though I was sitting on a couch-end naked without a towel. Distractions.
When I looked back at her, Marie's expression had turned to mock-grinning, an almost sarcastic look. She was really hurt. "Yeah. And now, You, Kevin! Or, FHK, FloatyHeadKooper. Whatever. FHK says, even if we do have kids, they'll probably all die of plague or tornadoes or something, and the only fix is by borking you."
I blinked. I liked the word borking.
"... and, then, one or two borkings later, I'm knocked up at 18 like all the East-L.A. girls that live near my cousins. Soooo. I have a life that's different? I didn't WANT to be them."
I nodded, but raised an eyebrow. I thought about being conciliatory, but then realized again, truth is better. I added, "It's... worse than that? Those girls might have husbands. You won't. No husband - I can't be there for you. On the plus side, your kid, or kids, might probably live longer, outlive the whatever-troubles? On the plus side, there's enough money, so no job worries."
Simone piped in and said of me to Marie, "He's pretty good at Borking. You'd have that. The memory, at least."
I said, "How about, Marie... Maybe, you could get pregnant, then you go back to Jonpaul? Or, arrange for him to be with you, wherever you end up? He's a great guy. Tell him, it's mine, it has to be, and that you'd have to have another, with him, in a year or two. Or not. Whatever. Give him a baby, too, if you want. But, you'd have enough money from the government. You and Jonpaul, raise all your kids with him. I'm pretty sure he'd be a great dad. At least, a more kind-hearted patient one than normal, for sure."
She looked at me like I was kind of crazy. "You want me to hurt him like that?"
I got up and paced, and thought about it.
"Jonpaul is Good People, Marie. If he stands by you, good. You have tons of witnesses saying it was super-important. You could even give up our kid for adoption, before you went back, if you think it'd matter, but... I don't think so. You're the best thing that ever happened to Jonpaul, and he has to know that. But, you're not the type of person to give up a baby for adoption. I know you, that's not happening."
She was crying, suddenly, "I couldn't."
"I know. So, you love him. You barely know me, Marie, but ... I can try to be nice, a good memory for you? And, Jonpaul can make the family you want. I'm sure you'd even get enough money for college."
We kept talking, debating things. I sat down better on the couch, and eventually Marie came over and sat next to me, and (under some urging), we kissed. We definitely hugged. I felt better but I still worried for her.
We all had things to worry about.
Besta got up and joined us, and then it was about time for dinner. We did think about going downstairs naked, but the consensus was we walked over to the kitchen counter and put our clothes on.
Today wasn't probably the day to push anything, there was enough pain going around.
Walking out and seeing how quiet Kelli was, I knew there was pain, but her silence probably meant less of it and I was happy about that part, she FULLY deserved the pain. She'd been one nasty person and I wanted as little to do with her as possible, even given we were 'in prison' together.
First Dorm Dinner, And After
At dinner, we stood in line for a while and waited. The food when we got there was a kind of 3-bean salad, potato salad, canned creamed corn, a half piece of chicken-fried steak, some dense kind of salad with sprouts and very little dressing, and a thick bread.
Suffice to say, it wasn't comfort food, but it did mostly hit the spot. It made me wonder if the kitchen in my suite had food in it, and if it did, how old that food was.
The announcements (via Marsha on the P.A.) were that there'd be a wake-up at 6:30 am and large-scale gym or physical activities encouraged early, and that breakfast would last until 9 to make sure people could eat.
Whether the rules applied to me or not, I didn't know, but I figured I might want to see what was happening and not break rules before I absolutely had to.
The mood in the lunchroom was glum. People were tired from the trip, upset at the world, and there wasn't much fixing it. Plus, they had gym class, and the promise of being made to work, maybe for no money.
We debated the money thing, if it was a good idea.
After dinner we went back upstairs and hung out in the main room some more, dressed this time, it was fine to hang out like that.
Maybe a half hour after we got back into the room, Simone went over to the kitchen area. I thought she was going to look in cupboards, which is what I wanted to do since I was still hungry.
Instead, she shucked her shoes, pulled off her sweats and folded them, panties, socks, bra (last? It seemed odd), and grabbed a towel from the stack to come back over.
Conversation stopped when she did this, and even Jo got into the spirit and started singing the old-time strip-tease music, but Simone seemed unphased.
She sat down and smiled and said, "I have a plan, and it doesn't involve clothes."
We all laughed.
I said, "Well, you DO have a really nice tan." Simone's black skin wasn't so much tan as just plain Black, but she was relatively light-skinned to start with.
She looked at me with a, 'really?' face.
Something struck a chord in me when she did that, and I got up and walked over to the window and looked out, then turned back. "Simone. I have a problem."
She started with, "You got a lot of problems," but then turned it funny by counting off the girls there, "One, Two, Three..."
They laughed, but I said, "No, it's bigger. It's... I just tried to make a joke about your skin, as opposed to my feeble pasty whiteness, and you obviously took it as an insult. I didn't mean it that way, I was ... trying to be funny, and I ... failed."
"Damned right you failed." She was still smiling.
This seemed like a constructive conversation, so I went on, "Uh. I want to not fail. Is it possible, somehow, for us to talk about this, without me accidentally hurting you?"
Her head tilted to the side.
As she was formulating an answer, I quickly pulled off my sweatshirt, shoes, sweatpants, and underwear, into a pile, as fast as I could.
She laughed, "It's not a race."
I remembered something I read once. "I can talk about someone's eye color, and say, hey, that's blue, or green, or brown, or black, or whatever, right? I am totally nervous about talking about your skin. I can make fun of my skin, 'pasty whiteness'. I can generically comment that we're not all sun-gods or something. But, I can't say what I'm thinking... that it's really cool looking at your skin, because I haven't _ever_ seen that much black skin growing up here, uh, I mean, Clintonville. Certainly not up close."
"Right enough."
She got up and walked over to me. This was definitely a conversation no one else was chiming in on.
She held up her hand. "Want a look?"
This was a loaded question.
I think I was supposed to say no. I bent down and got my sweats and put them on the couch, and sat down, taking Simone's hand and pulling it to me.
She walked, wondering what was up.
I sat, while she stood, and looked at her hand. I don't think I'd ever looked very closely, certainly not that closely, at a Black person's hands before. I'd never held one and looked, at least.
Her palms were a slightly lighter shade of brown, and I commented that.
She canted one hip to the side, and I avoided looking at her face for a moment. I thought she might be angry, but when I did look up, she was incredulous, like I was doing something crazy.
I said, "What?!? I've never really held hands with a Black person before. I'm looking. You said I could look."
The girls came over and stood around.
I said, "I have been trained, I think, by... whoever, that it's not polite to stare. But, you're way different than my mom, or... family, yeah, in... skin color, and..." I looked up, "...and your hair, too. And, it's confusing. I'm not supposed to look, but I'm super interested."
"And you want to stare at me?"
"Uh... kinda."
She chuckled, "White boys."
The other girls didn't know what to say.
She said, "The problem isn't you looking, Kevin. It's when someone presumes they have ... access? Rights? To violate my... privacy. I don't want to be stared at. I want to be treated like a normal person."
Jo was kind of quizzical and said, "I think, Kevin's saying, if I had super, super blue eyes, he'd want to look at them, closer. Hell, I would too. So, you have ... dark skin, and he wants to look at it.... But you don't want to be looked at... because... looking invades you."
"Kinda, yeah."
I said, "But not really? she's ... This is a sexual thing, too? I mean, I'm looking because... we're gonna be intimate, right? But, at the same time, Simone, you're being appreciated for being a pretty woman, that's good, but appreciating your Black skin, that's a different thing?"
She was nodding.
"How do I not hurt you?'
Her smile at me held back words, and I think there was baggage.
"I'm failing now."
She looked up, and a tear was forming. "I didn't want to do this."
"What?"
"This was going to be a sexy time."
I stood up and hugged her, and she hugged me back. I said, "I'm sorry. I'm an idiot in a meat sack."
Becky, of all people, said, "Oh, that's meat all right."
Everyone laughed, even Simone.
Turning the hug into a public hug and kiss, I then waved everyone else into the hug, but it was only a couple of girls that joined in.
I broke things up rather unintentionally with a question, "Say, has anyone actually checked the kitchen cupboards for food, or are we dependent on the cafeteria?"
Immediately, everyone split away and headed over to the kitchen, opening every single cupboard.
The answer was, not empty, but not usable. The dishes were there, pots, pans, etc., and some cans of soup, but that's it. No spices (but spice trays); no flour or sugar (but empty containers); no dishwasher soap (but rags and one spray-ammonia container.
Deciding we had a more likely need for 24-hour food, I asked if anyone had some paper, and we crafted a list: spices, staples, foods, drinks, frozen foods, etc., and cleaning supplies, because who knows what messes would befall us.
Simone and I hung back, able to talk quietly, standing and looking out the window, the overhanging roof making it so we could only see a small section of grass.
She was still naked..
I let her touch my chest, pulling her hand up, and I touched hers.
These actions were noticed and the others started taking off clothes, too.
It was kind of nice. BOOBS!
I had to laugh at myself.
Coming back to our conversation, being really casual because I didn't want to put pressure on her, I asked, "I'd really like to talk about this racial issue stuff, but it's so supercharged, maybe more for you than other people, or less, I don't know you well."
She took a long sigh and leaned on the half-wall railing. "You mean well, I know that, Kevin. You've never been to the south, I don't think... right. So, you don't know the history. I've been in high school conversations, on sports teams, where there were blatantly racist statements made without the slightest understanding. Low expectations are implied. It's not subtle."
"Ah."
"Dog whistles - words everyone understands, but technically aren't racist. 'Urban', and 'articulate'. Come on! When's the last time you heard 'articulate' about a white person? Doesn't happen. It's 'well-spoken' or 'erudite' or some other word. Articulate, as an adjective, only means educated Black person, as if that's a surprise."
I wanted to know more. Gradually, the girls came and sat down and we talked some more. This concept had turned my brain around.
It got to be past midnight, and we'd branched from just Simone to what Besta had seen as a 'latina' (not latino, I had new lingo). But, I knew the wake-up bell was going to come early in the morning and I had at least 3 women to give a 'filler-up' to.
The one I wanted the most had to be Becky. She was a dream, and I had to limit how much I looked at her.
It almost worked ... until Jo called me out and asked when I was just going to take Becky to bed and get things 'a-movin'.
Becky laughed but she knew I was looking.
I said, a little exasperated, "Jo...? I'm trying not to show favoritism, so I don't cause stress and competition between you... as a group."
Kelli surprised me and cut in with an even tone that I was sure was controlled so it wasn't hurt-sounding. "You're not succeeding."
I looked at her.
My history with her came to the front of my mind, and it wasn't my best set of thoughts, but I took a breath and tried to control my emotions.
"Kelli, I'm really trying. I know of two different people you belittled in front of crowds. Really three, both Ron and Willa that time. In any just and sane universe, I would avoid you completely, if not telling you what I really think of your character. That's admittedly not-favoritism."
She got confused and her eyes darted around trying to think of what I was talking about. I was sure she didn't remember it because casual cruelty was her normal thing.
"Right. I see. No memory of that.... Okay, tell you what. If I was a vindictive guy, I'd do something that would debase you and put you in your place, whatever that means. But, there may be things you lived through in your life that I don't know about, so I can't do that."
She just stared at me, crossing her arms in front of her really very nice breasts, partially covering them, but mostly just expressing a not-happy and defensive posture.
I considered things, turning to face her fully. "I have to respect the methodology here. It may be in the FHK universe, we were married and had a passel of kids, Kelli. Can't know about that. I do know, I'm pretty sure you're not the kind of person I'd want to be a mother to my child, at least yet. So, I'm gonna do something odd. I don't think I have anyone else I've thought about this for, but I have to start somewhere."
"First, a question. Do you believe, if I survey our entire senior class - and I could, surprisingly - and I ask them their personal opinion about you, Kelli, about your ethics and compassion, your ability to be reflective and utterly truthful about yourself, what they would say?"
She kind of sat there, forcing herself to breathe deeply and relax. She said, "That I'm a bitch and a liar. That I suck. That I am mean to people. That I hurt people for fun."
"Do you?"
She pursed her lips, tilted her head down, and raised her eyebrows. "Yes. I am."
I wasn't expecting that.
Her head tilted to the side, she had some anger, her jaw jutted a little. "My kids will die. Unless I have kids with you, they will die. You have all the power now, Kevin. All of it. I can't lie to you, because if I do, I know, you'll know, and you'll send me away. Then everything that I am, and will be, ever, will die. My ENTIRE family line will end. So. Honesty?!?"
She stood and walked around the couch, reasonably put together but I think she knew she was cornered. "You wanted honesty. I suck. That's ... basic. Correct. My honest brain now, it's trying to figure out how I get out of this. How do I fix this."
I turned around and looked at the window. It was utterly dark outside and we couldn't see the sky because of the overhang. I wondered what the hell I should do.
I asked, "Girls. Huddle, except for Kelli. Kelli, go to the piano room for a minute, okay? We're going to talk."
Kelli turned and went to the piano room. I watched her butt move a little but it was surprisingly not-sexy.
Jo said, "Seriously Harsh."
I said, "Ron ran track his freshman year, I was a sophomore. Solid guy. Dating Willa. He mentioned her and his face lit up. Willa had problems, granted. She had some ... self-harm things, plus maybe some eating disorder stuff, not sure. Complicated person. I think I can say that out loud now. Kelli, according to Ron, said some hurtful things about Willa, poking fun and driving Willa to ... a not-good place. Whether she'd been there already, well, dunno that. That's just ONE thing. So, Kelli was not a nice person then. People can change. I'd like some recommendations. She's trying to be honest now, but it's enlightened self interest. I think, based on seeing her emotions, she's not a psychopath, she's redeemable. She understands what pain is, and how she's caused it. At least a small percentage of the times that happened."
They looked at each other.
Carmine said, "Have her fill 3 journals. Both sides of the page. Then, have her assigned to a person, anyone. That person, ONLY that person, reads the journals. That person says, are they honest, or not. Gotta be honest. Gotta have confessions, real ones."
Jo looked at Carmine and said, "Harsh. But, maybe."
I looked at Jo and Carmine, "Can you tell her? All her past misdeeds, thoughts, anticipations, wants, whatever. Fill it all up. For me, I'm headed for bed. Oh, and her deadline should be next month. And, she has to apologize to all the people she's hurt, who are here, and ask them for instances where she did more, and if so, write that down and apologize for that separately. Sincere stuff."
Jo and Carmine nodded and went to talk with Kelli. They came out with her. She'd been crying, I think. She looked determined, and nodded at me, then got dressed and left, going out the main outer door.
We all went to the bedroom, kind of somber.
Becky said, smiling, "Kevin the Mood Killer."
We were walking sort of side-by-side. "Did I miss an option?"
"I'm not sure I could be as forgiving. I know her."
"Please - what was your interaction? Did she do stuff to you, or just nearby...?"
"I'm not a priest."
I laughed, but she had a point. I walked over to the guard shack door. The gal that was there I'd seen but not talked with, Angela. I knocked and she came out, smiling.
"Sir."
The door was open behind her, and I could see a closed circuit TV monitor in there with one view from over the door towards the room. "You listen in on us?"
"Sir, yes, sir. The mic is by the door, so I miss most everything but shouts, and that's on purpose, sir. Not trying to butt in. Only have this one camera. Privacy is important, but we're supposed to keep track, to make sure you're not hurt, sir."
She was being stiff with me, and I got that. I only felt a little invaded. It had to be a lot less than what they were recording back at the Navy base.
"I need to get a message, low priority, tomorrow morning, to Marsha. I think we need a... therapist? Counselor? Someone skilled in handling the aftermath of bullying. Maybe a religious figure? We might want to go to church here? I'm not Catholic, so maybe Anglican, or something that's generic for lots of people? Navy chaplain, maybe?"
Her eyes went sideways and she was obviously thinking, "Affirm that. I'll raise it with my chain, Marsha's in it. Good enough point. That girl you sent away have something to do with it?"
I thought and said, "She has a history, with a lot of us, and... I want to give her the chance to fix that pain. I think it'd do good for more than her, but... I'm not an expert, and I want an expert."
"May I write that in an incident report, sir?"
"We're all damaged, Angela. Some more than others. I think the measure of us is figuring out how to fix it."
She waited for me to finish, and that's all I had to say. I figured out she was on the job, and I was being philosophical. "Thanks. That's all."
"Very well. Have a good evening, sir."
As she shut the door, I replayed the way she said that and I thought again, yeah, she has to have spent some time in Britain, her voice had that lilt to it. I wondered if she'd be on the list of people wanting a child, if we'd be intimate in the future, and I'd find out if she really had been to Britain.
Becky had been waiting near the door with me, and we headed into the bedroom. I stopped her off to the side, where we couldn't be heard.
"I have something to say."
"Okay?" She was waiting.
I looked down and took her hand, and she let me, smiling, but confused. "I don't know what to do about... saying what i'm thinking... I've ... watched you from a long way away, for ... as long as I've known you. I'm kind of in a state of disbelief right now, because... I have this kind of ideal held up, of what the perfect woman looks like, and it's pretty near you. I've looked at models in magazines, everywhere, and I don't think there's anyone out there, that's ... closer to the center, for me."
She was smiling, but some part of her face could be seen as sad, too. She didn't say anything.
"I don't keep track of who people are dating, I wasn't in that crowd. But, I know, you were probably involved, and I'm really sorry."
"Sorry for what?"
"I'm taking you from him. This whole thing is. It's seriously messed up. As much as i want to be near you and ... all that... I know, in any normal world, you're way out of my league. ... I just spent an evening talking with Simone and Besta, and even with Kelli, about radical honesty. Here I am, telling you what I really think. And, I think it's important to apologize if you are... were... dating a guy I don't know about and this is taking you away from him."
She started crying, at least, her eyes started watering. "You ARE a mood killer," and laughed in a sob sort of way, "Wow. That's a real skill."
"You have a boyfriend?"
"No. Since last year, no boyfriends."
"Oh."
"Girlfriend."
I paused. "I apparently suck at this more than I thought."
She laugh-sobbed again, holding my hands. "She's here. Danielle Terson. We're together. We can't room together, not assigned that way. But, yeah."
"Is it okay if we...?"
She looked incredulously at me. "I'm _dating_ Danielle. I'm not going to _marry_ Danielle. We're good with each other, we have fun, we kiss, we have... yeah. But, we both know, we're gonna be with guys, probably. Maybe not. Maybe. I think I'm pretty evenly bi."
"So... I had a chance?"
"You had a chance. Not a good one. I didn't know you."
"What about now?"
Her smile told the story, she had plans. "Oh, that's coming...!"
We went inside the bedroom, found the group in the shower and joined them.
We were taking lots of showers. Being hit from all sides by hot water was great.
It was late, so we were expedient, but again I was surrounded by some seriously hot and hot-looking naked women and my decisions were troubled.
Once we were out and drying off, something I'd been debating with myself came up. I said, "I have an idea, and I'd like opinions."
Turning to face them, I said, "So, some of you are virgins. It's a blessing, in one way - the first time is amazing, I discovered that a couple of nights ago."
They all knew this, I needed to get to the point.
"The problem is, that it's also troublesome in that there's pain, and it takes a bit to get over that pain. So, here's what I'm thinking. I'll wait until at least one of you is worked up enough to be ready, then go into her, whether or not she's a virgin, I'll go for about 2 minutes. Then, I'll pull out, and go to the next person, and for another 2 minutes. And, so on. So, provided there's some kind of rotation around this place, at least you can say, yeah, you had sex at least once. And it won't be as painful the next time, you'll be healed up from the first time. Is this good, or would you just prefer I choose at random, so I'm not showing favoritism?"
Simone said, "Kevin. You so want to bang Becky it's pouring out of your ears. I can't compete with that."
I looked at Becky, standing there, C-cup small-areola'd high-pointy breasts, thin waist, nice hips that bade me whimper when she turned away, all topped by a face that would draw any sane human male to do irrational things or (more likely) shrink in shy recalcitrance.
I said, "Becky knows that she's pretty, and beautiful, and sexy, and you know it, and fuck yeah I want to wake up to her pancakes!" This was a line I'd heard on late-night TV, if you really like a girl, you want to wake up to her breakfasts.
They laughed.
"But I'm not here because I want to have fun. I'm here to make sure we're not wiped out by some monkey or bird plague, and the only thing I have to do is Give Love. And, a little cum. But, I hope there's love in there, too, for each of you. Even if I don't know you well, I can... give you enough attention to maybe hold up my head in some afterlife judgment. Or, come back as a dolphin instead of an ant. Whatever."
No one said anything. "Okay, I'll make an executive decision, yeah, I'll do this. Becky, yeah, you can sleep the night with me, but in the making love part here, it's equal stuff."
She nodded.
"Touch the shoulder of the person to your right, join up, a single line."
They did, I got them paired off, told them to start licking each other, and waited about ten minutes. After that, everyone got 2 minutes of penetration, face-to-face, some affection included, followed by the responsibility to lick me clean for the next person.
By some amazing feat, I managed to get through all 7 of them; Jo, Janice, Simone, Besta, Becky, Cara, and Marie. Going back, I asked Janice to be the main person I almost finished in, but for someone to get a small cup from the kitchen and I'd come in Jo's mouth, she'd spit into the cup. Then, once we had all of me done, everyone could lie upside down and we'd divide up the amount into everyone, for at least a small chance.
I thought this would be rejected as crass and mechanical and not including enough love, but the face-to-face they got apparently was good enough to help.
And, that's how it played out.
I made the last people in line be Marie and Becky, because I aspired to wake up in the middle of the night and get busy again, but it turned out there was enough for everyone to get at least a few drops, delivered almost to their cervix by some creative finger-holding and being upside down.
The process took some energy. It was almost 1:30 am.
We went to bed, Marie behind me and Becky in front, quietly settling in. I had a good time just running my fingers over her body, but sleep was overtaking me. "Wake me, Becky. 3 am. I'll kick myself forever if I miss this chance with you."
She nodded and I looked at the clock. I settled down and was almost asleep, but then I realized I can set the alarm, so I did.
Did I mention that an alarm at 3 am when it's not your normal alarm is confusing because you haven't heard the sound before?
Becky got it for me.
As she stretched back, Marie was behind me. I leaned over and kissed her. "If I have two in me, or if you want some squeezings after, you're totally welcome to them. I'm sorry I'm not ... dapper, or something. Cool. Subtle with language."
She kissed me back. "Enjoy your thing."
I rolled back to Becky, but she was nervous about me.
There's a way to get rid of the nervous, I thought: Licking.
I went to town on her, coming in sideways instead of from the bottom, so I could use my fingers. I was competing with this mysterious Danielle, who was a girl and knew what she liked, so being better than that would be a challenge.
Becky was quiet, but got to be stiff-and-quaking in about 10 minutes, which is faster than I thought it would be. Marie helped out by getting me up while I did some slow kissing with Becky, and I got onboard again.
The irony was, Becky was gorgeous, and the light in the room didn't let me see her. Still, the curves, the soft firm breasts with hard nipples, the tight wet grip on me as I pushed into her, all that just helped me be slow and steady and feel everything that I could feel.
Becky cooked off for a second and continuous time, and she wasn't silent. She was more restrained than the previous orgasm, but ... I just kept going, and ... so did she.
The pattern of a girl starting to come, and then continuing to come as I stroked away?
Even the long durations, they seemed odd, but the kind of stimulation i got from them fed back into me.
Her first orgasm stretched her legs out and straight, like she was isometrically straight-leg flexing. Since she'd done that, though, with my cock all the way up into her, I could feel something odd.
Her pussy was grabbing me from the side in pulses, but there was a tickle, like something was touching the tip of my penis near my urethra. At the same time, the base of my cock at the top near my abdomen where it curves, I could feel that hitting right into her clit and kind of grinding back and forth.
There might be less mystery about this, now that I felt why it might be happening.
I'd heard that a cervix is pretty sensitive. And pressure and rubbing both on a clit at the same time, i could see that having an effect.
Still, this wasn't what I saw in the porno tapes. Behind the Green Door had orgasms but not like this.
The pulsing grabs on me that just kept coming. Looking at her face, so beautiful and one I'd longed to be close to for a long time... No, that wasn't the draw. I barely knew the real her.
Who was I kidding? Really, it was just the plain animal sex, the orgasm while I was in her, in each of them, that extra bit of grabby pulsing, the soft skin and hot wet hold, the boobs under me so soft and supple and Perfectly Feminine!
I was there, then, holding her in my arms tightly and holding ALL of her body with my own, my arms and legs and cock and chest, sure, but the way I held her was in my head, knowing that I got power from the giving of this joy to her.
She got the joy, sure, but I was the one, ME, I was the one who could give that to her - or at least be next to her when it happened, which was good enough for me given I wasn't this lucky ever in my entire life to be making love, LOVE, and...
Yeah, that pushed me over.
Love, it pushed me into coming, spurting into her and seeing the Big Fireworks of Happyville.
Picturing the swimmers and feeling the pure orgasm joy flowing, I made Instinct WORK for me, Yerrrzz, spurting pressing-hips-curling-up Deep DEEP deep more YES more fuck YES in spuritttttingYES into her fUUUUUckyesszzzz ohboy right INnnnnn fuckkk it's Rrrrnnnnn goooodd...
As my clenches slowed down and I slowly got back to reality, I felt she was still going, every tiny movement one more thing that made a trembling apoplectic convulsive groaning automaton.
Was this even good for her? Did she get enjoyment from it, or was it like sneezing? I liked my orgasms, Loved them, found Huge joy and physical pleasure in them, but if they kept going, would it still be fun?
I pulled off and out, then, and I realized as I did that I was still having an after-clench maybe-spurt, so I turned, holding myself up on my arms, and looked over at Marie.
Marie was watching Becky's face, concerned, but seriously turned on. I said, "Marie, if you want another chance, I have some on me, if I slip in, it's...?"
She didn't hesitate a second, it was fast and shifting and I was suddenly right there, her guiding my cock between her spread legs and nodding fast, that she wanted this.
I pushed in and found that Marie was almost as tight as Becky and my cock really, really, really was giving me good sensations from pushing up and ALL the way, HRmmmmmm! Into her.
Once there, though, I looked down and smiled. This was the girl that I'd long thought was a real find, a girl who saw through all the insults people threw about Jonpaul and knew how good he was and stood up to them with snarky wit, strength of will, and character enough to put bullies in their places.
And, I ... had my ... no. I didn't 'have my cock in her', as much as I was joined with her. I was in her, but it felt more like we were joined, her rubbing against me, and me rubbing against her.
I just kept moving, and pushing in farther, and her breathing kept getting faster and faster, and whimpering started, and then an almost-silent whole-body clench as she got there, shaking her legs so much in tension I almost missed her inner pulses.
I couldn't come again, but I could just have fun stroking away as she came.
The pattern broke, though, because she came down from the mountain, started breathing more regularly, and opened her eyes again to look into mine.
For the first time, or... maybe the second that night, we kissed. It was slow, languid, dragging tongues in dipping interesting friction because with a kiss you never knew what a girl would do until she did it.
In the middle of the kiss, she had another stutter breath, and I kept pushing in and drawing out. Could I keep doing this, I didn't know, but as long as it felt good, I was going to keep going.
That long-form just keep going idea died out a couple of minutes later, maybe, when my arms got tired, and her whimpers were going between hot-enjoyment and mini-convulsions lasting about 3 non-breaths, then back again.
I had to stop, and frankly I just stayed down, settled in on her gorgeous soft boobies, laying down to let the load off and letting myself slowly slip.. Slip... slip out..
It had to be past 3;30 by then, I thought. I had no idea. It didn't matter.
She helped me, pushing me gently to lie between herself and Becky, then getting the covers and pulling them up over herself.
Before I went to sleep, I remembered the cleanup and said, "You ... must... duty..."
Just before I faded out, she kissed me with a giant smile in her voice and said, "Jonrobert will have a son, named Timothy, after his late father."
"Late?" I barely got the word out, I was fading so fast. I already wasn't quite there.
"Car crash. The one that gave Jonpaul the TBI, traumatic brain injury."
That didn't make sense, but then I fell asleep.
Morning Exercise
The alarm woke us at 6 am like they said it would, over the PA system, and we were told to dress for exercise and go down and outside for gym class. I didn't know if I had a jockstrap in my things yet, so I just dressed in underwear and shorts.
We all got fixed up and went downstairs along with everyone else, the stairs crowded with people. I was afforded a wide berth once I was noticed, and it felt odd, like in high school when we're all going somewhere, except this time no one wanted to walk right next to me.
The first class was stretching and calisthenics in one of the open lawn areas, led by some US Army "PT Sergeant" though I didn't know what that was yet.
Marsha stopped by, looking chipper and well-dressed in a uniform. She paused in front of me while we were working on leg stretches, and told me I had zero need to be there, it was utterly optional for both myself and those in 501, so if I ever wanted to just stay up there and do the business, go ahead, absolutely nothing was to interfere with more sessions 'making love'.
Her voice had an odd ring to me at that moment so I decided to poke a little fun. "Not... Boinking, Marsha? Or... Intercourse?..." I had to hunt up synonyms. "Laying Pipe? Doing the Nasty?" Saving the best for last, I pulled out my big word and said, "Coitus?"
Marsha was grinning back at me but backing up, sizing up our group and trying to decide what to do about having us work out.
The other girls around me weren't my room 501 crowd. We'd been assigned into exercise groups by room number middle digits, so this group had about 50 girls in it.
Marsha spoke up, loud enough to interrupt the stretching that was going on, and everyone looked at her. "Heads up, eyes here. New Suggestion, down the pike, I'm relaying it from above, not from Kevin, he doesn't know yet. We don't have green wristbands yet. They are coming, maybe tomorrow. Until then, the way you can indicate your timing is right, is to just default to not wearing clothing wherever you are, inside or out."
I thought there would be comments but no one said anything.
"Second part of this is, if you're anywhere near Kevin, you're encouraged to, shall we say, play with yourself. If he takes the offer, great, and someone around him should be there to help with the fluffing. You all know what fluffing is?"
Her shouting this to the group made it sound like she was going to explain the workings of an Enfield rifle and it struck me as funny. This whole thing was absurd. Everyone wanted to get me laid - actively, seriously, frequently laid.
No comments came from the group. I didn't know either.
"Fluffing..." she said with dramatic pause and a shouting voice that told me she was in drill instructor mode, "is what they say, on pornography, movie, sets!"
There wasn't laughing, like I thought there might be.
Her shouting to the large group so we could all hear made for short sentences, and that contrasted with the subject material to make me almost laugh, except no one else was laughing.
"On those sets! It's the job of some woman, who is really good at it, maybe someone older, to get the male actor hard. That is, by sucking, hand job, whatever. Usually sucking him, to hardness. This certainly means deep throating, since that is a required skill. Anyone who needs lessons in deep throat technique, check the board or look on facility TV channel 10."
She turned back to me, grinning with the chance to give me an order (possibly). In a lower volume but still so my immediate group could hear, she said, "THIRD. I've been ordered to ask you to invent a word. That word is for whenever you see a naked or green-band person, who you'd like to have sex with. You say that word, one word, and they know, you want sex, and right then. So... What word shall it be, please?"
I was on the spot!
Having just asked her, with a lot of synonyms, I though of those, then I blurted out, "Coit? Leave out the -us. Just Coit, or koyt as k-o-y-t, or whatever. It's Koyt, yeah, that K spelling?"
This seemed to please her, she got the thin-lipped agreement-nod look and turned 'Good. Girls, you have to reply to that question. Either say YES or NO. No is not No forever. No is not right now or wait. If you want no to be permanent, see the front desk to be transferred to Nevada. Or, Yes. Kevin, if you hear a Yes, you can proceed. The ONLY way you proceed is with a definite YES. No surprise entries, got it? We don't think this will become a problem, but there are whole rooms of people thinking about your problems right now."
My face must have reelected my revulsion at that idea of a 'surprise entry', that sounded a lot like rape and no thank you. To the rest of the question, I just said, "Got it. Understood."
"Okay, team. Who should have a green wristband today, show of arms, best guess?"
Some hands went up. I looked around, it was 8 girls.
Marsha said, "You can put your clothes where you are, or not. Everyone, remember the rules, we're cooperating here. Help out if he needs fluffing, or someone needs their clothes carried, or the 'Koyt' person needs to brace or lean somewhere. Go team?!?!?"
She held her ear like she should hear something.
"Goooooo teaaaaaam?"
"Go team?
The girls said "GO, TEAM!!!!!"
She and the rest of us grinned at the unanimous agreement.
"Carry on," Marsha looked at me, nodded in some deference, and walked away.
We all kind of looked at each other.
The leader of our exercise group, obviously a military gal herself by her manner, said, "You heard the lady! Clothing is 'Optional'. That's code. Optional, in the Army, means, 'NOT optional'. That means, 'Take Your Clothing Off Now.' Remember, of course, you don't HAVE to do this. But, you're Encouraged, to do this. Any green bands, strip. Kevin, you can strip, too, if you want, just the pants or all of it, up to you."
The rules didn't seem to apply to me, and I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not.
It was kind of cool out, maybe in the 50's, technically a warm day for October in Montana or wherever we were, but ... Okay?
The 8 girls who had raised their hands stood up and started stripping right there, pulling off shirts, bra's, pants, and panties. They kept their shoes and socks on, and I liked that solution.
Briefly re-organizing the group, these women were put right next to me, and we continued our stretching. For me, though, it was a little odd. I got to look right at the pussy of a girl who was Amazing, and probably in college. Her butt was right in front of me, and when she bent over, she made sure to leave her legs wide open.
I quickly saw her hand snake down and start playing with her quim.
"This isn't even fair," I laughed, and the girl turned around with a mischievous grin on her face.
"Exactly," she said, "Give me two minutes. I'm not a virgin, so no worries."
A girl next to me, also naked, came over to where I was kneeling in the grass and said, "Sir. Fluffer."
What was I to say? I put my legs together to stop stretching and said, "Okay?"
Girl two was buxom but with a bit of a sag from just being top-heavy and not sixteen. She might have been in her mid-20's, I have no idea, but she was VERY competent at fellatio.
Getting my pants off and starting that, I kept looking forward at the spread legged one, who told me her name was Larissa.
Calling to her after that two minutes was up, I said, "Koyt?"
"YES."
I walked over and she knelt on all fours on the grass, hands forward, her legs spread, and looked around. "Sir. YES."
Coming up behind her and wondering why it was that I was making love in front of 50 women... well, 49 more, probably, I hadn't counted, I just said, "You're really beautiful. Very nice butt."
"Thank you, but no delays, please."
I lined up and pushed my 45-degree-up cock down to go straight ahead and into Larissa, and she whimpered a yes in response to that.
Rocking back and forth, just grabbing her hips and pushing in, I set up a rhythm, and I could tell she was pushing back.
First time for me, outside. First time without kissing first. First time doggie style. First time being witnessed by lots more than 8 people. First time with a girl tall enough to play basketball. First times!
Her voice started going up an octave, too, until she was almost squeaking. I didn't get why the noises were so high, but that was her vocalization of Epic Happy, and that's not the sort of thing to object to.
The leader said, "Right. Everyone, you're staring anyway. Go ahead and look, get a better angle if you want, but keep far enough away not to interfere. Someone, whoever, we ALWAYS need an on-deck backup ready in case of problems."
I didn't laugh at that, though I was tempted to.
Larissa was heavy-grunting, but I kind of wanted to help her out a little more. I looked over at one of the other naked girls who looked more my age, though I wasn't sure if I recognized her. "You, your name?"
"Pam."
"Pam, come over, lie on your back over here, get your head under Larissa's boobs, and suck on one of them, play with it, with your tongue."
She moved quickly and did that, having some direction being a good thing. As soon as she got under there, I told her, "Now, reach down with your arm to her crotch, yeah, and make slow circles on her clit while I'm pushing. Slow steady circles, not too hard, just how you like it."
I presumed she'd masturbated before.
Larissa's response to this was, once Pam was situated and going, that she lasted about another minute until she started coming. It was a big shuddering orgasm, and some thrashing which I had Pam help by holding on to Larissa as she came.
I lasted another minute or so, all while Larissa was continuing to come, until I cooked off and filled her with cum. At least, the first couple of spurts, but after that I pulled out and shot the rest of the spurts onto Larissa's back, where it was actually enough to make a tiny puddle.
Relaxing, but still holding on to her hips, I looked at one of the other naked girls and said, "Hold yourself open with one hand. Dip a finger in this cum, and see if you can get it deeper inside than just the outer lips. If you want."
Looking down at Pam, I said, "Pam, are you ready for a ten-stroke as the first half of clean-up?"
Pam's response was to shift out from under Larissa and open her legs, lying flat on the grass, open to me wide.
I kneel-walked over to her positioned myself into her, pushed, and we grunted together, face to face. I tenderly kissed her and whispered into her ear, "Thank you for your help. I won't last long, I'm fading, but ... maybe?"
She nodded, happy, and said, "Maybe."
I stopped after ten or twenty strokes and just lay there, then rolled over on my back. I wanted to relax, I'd just come.
One of the other girls quickly dropped to her knees and sucked my cock off, squeezing at the base to milk all the cum out. As she sucked, she spat into her cupped hand. It didn't take that long, but just as soon as she had most of it, she smiled hugely at me and moved off to the side.
"Grace, Dawn, lift my legs?"
They did, she used one hand to part her labia and let the other dribble the cum out of her hand and into her waiting pussy.
Literally everyone was standing around watching this, and I heard several very complimentary things, 'awesome!' and 'wicked cool', but the girl just said, "Oh, yeah. Got it!"
"How'd you learn to do that?"
She grunted at being at an odd angle and said, "ourrnnnng, ugggghhhh, yeah. Practice yesterday. Tried this about ten times now, and there's a trick to it, the hand rotation as you go up. Helps that it's viscous, about half the time with water I spilled."
I just lay there next to Pam and Larissa, and this other girl who was definitely turning red in the face and upper chest from being upside down, since Grace and Dawn (clothed), were holding her even higher than when she started.
The instructor, who'd been watching this, interrupted. "Oooooo kay, people, let's get back to stretching. We a-gonna get some muscle mass, so line up again. Kevin and these gals can be here, let's shift a little this way...."
They lined up and did more - situps, some push-ups but from their knees, leg lifts.
Pam rolled over and kissed me on the forehead and cheek. "Thank you, sir."
"Ookay!" I was feeling good.
The other naked girls were still near me, and I watched them move.
Eventually, I just HAD to get up and join them again, stretching legs, the lying back on the grass pulling my legs one way or the other.
Looking over, I thought I recognized one of the girls near me. "Debbie?"
Debbie it was. She rolled over and stepped to me, coming over to kind of squat near my head. "Sir? I mean, Kevin?"
I laughed. "I prefer Kevin, but sir's fine. I thought I recognized you. Chorus, freshman year."
"Yeah, that's right."
I looked over. Her legs were spread as she squatted, and I could plainly see her nethers. "You have a very pretty..." I looked down and suddenly didn't know what to say. "Uh, Lips."
"Labia."
"Right."
Just saying that apparently meant that she should spread her legs more. She licked her lips and looked at me, moving her hand down and her other hand across her breasts.
I didn't know if my equipment would work this fast after coming, but it'd been at least 10 minutes, maybe 15. "Deb, put that over my face? Can I ... have a smack?" I meant, lip-smack, but it came out wrong. It didn't matter.
Deb Very Quickly moved over and came up my body, squatting to straddle my face. "I've... never..."
"You'll love it. I think. I'm not an expert... Yet. I want practice."
Her sex smelled stronger than the others, but still not bad, more probably because she'd been active. It wasn't a sweat-smell in a bad way. She hadn't shaved very closely, so it was a bit tuft-ful, but I could pull her lips with my hands and get to what I wanted.
Kissing up and over, I pulled her lips apart and let my tongue go long and slow up her slit, adding to some wetness that was already there. No part of this was bad, I loved it. We just kept going, the sounds of athletics around us, like this was perfectly normal to do outside on the grass while everyone else worked out.
Surreal.
Debbie was moaning, and I felt a girl squatting over my ankles. Vaguely (it was a little muffled, to make a pun), someone asked, "Fluffing?"
I said, "Yes!?"
A minute later, after just a minimal fluffing and looking up Deb's stomach to her smiling face, I asked, "Koyt?"
"YES, Ohmygodyes."
"Move down."
She did, and the fluffer (I didnt' see who it was) let her shift so sit on my cock, reaching down and guiding me in.
Her breasts dangled to me, to the point where I reached up and grabbed one and guided it into my mouth, even though this stopped most of her movement rocking on me. The idea of sucking on a breast, playing with a nipple with my tongue, while I was _IN_ someone, was so great. I had both feelings at the same time.
We broke that off after a few minutes, and I just had to lie there, mostly not needing to do much, as she moved.
Debbie's face, though, was getting seriously expressive, at turns like she was going to sneeze, and then open mouthed grunting, like a dog growling but rhythmically. She got louder and louder, and then ... she came.
Her coming wasn't the unusual thing, I think it was because we were outside, the sound kind of carried, maybe. She wasn't restrained, but she wasn't screaming, either. It was more of a letting go of all control. Her hips ground down on mine and she collapsed onto my chest. I held her around the torso tightly and felt her pussy clenching on me.
I loved that clenching!
On she went, and the girls around us were looking at her with some concern. I said, "Deb. Are you okay?"
Barely panting between convulsions, she managed to get out a sequence of "Ohmygod Ohmygod Ohmygod Ohmygod ..."
"Pleasure? Pain?"
"Good-Good-Good-Good Yessss yes yes yes...Ohhhhh..."
The sensations were getting to me, too. I could feel my cock rising up and pushing through her resistance, soft and tight and Wow...
Pressing down with my hand on the small of her back, over her backbone, really, I felt the tightening, and came, Strongly, Uuuuuuurrrching YErrrrrzzzz into a Uuuuugnnnnn Fucking yeah, Cum-nnnrrrrrrrg, Cumspurt rrrrnnnnnnnrrrg, Yahhhh Fohhhhhhhhfuck yeah...
There wasn't anything in the world except me and her, my cock as deep as I could curl my backbone to push it in, as strong a push-down as I could put on the back of her pelvis to shove it further onto me.
The area right next to the base of my penis, I could feel her nether lips on that. I was in her as far as I could be, and still I wanted more depth.
Wwooooooowwww...
I slowed down, mostly just relaxing, and let my arms open and drape spread on the ground. She, though, kept going, until I said, "Deb? Honey? Pull off me, Deb."
Her voice said, "Ohhh, no... please... no...," but she shifted, and slowly pulled up, and then off, and fell to the side beside me, rolling so her head was on my arm on the soft green grass.
I wondered, how did they have green grass in October in Montana?
Looking a bit more at it, It was soft and only mostly green. I think they watered it, and it'd been a mild fall so far, probably. Who knows about the weather. Maybe global climate change was happening already, like FHK was saying.
It seemed a bit quick, climate change that fast, but then again, he wasn't that specific.
Looking upwards, the nice cool air flowed over my body. I'd been in the habit of running a lot even in the fall weather in just a t-shirt and shorts, so it didn't bother me too much. Still, there was a breeze, so I sat half up.
There was quite a crowd gathered.
Mindy McCall, a girl I'd gone to junior high with but not talked to much since then, came up. She wasn't naked, but she did look concerned. "Kevin."
I smiled up at her, "Mindy! Good to see you. Odd circumstances."
She rolled her eyes, "Tell me about it. Here I am. We barely know each other, and I'm about to slurp on your ... cum-covered... penis?"
Laughing, I said, "Here, tell you what... I ... think I've always liked you, though. So, we've got that. Can I have a kiss first?"
She half-shrugged and sat on her hip next to me and leaned in. As she got closer, I said, "Not a peck, a real kiss?"
We looked each other in the eyes.
She said, "I'm ... kind of weirded out by this. But, you seem nice... And, at the same time, you just had sex, right in front of me, with Debbie Miller. I mean, wow."
"She seems to have liked it."
We looked over at Debbie, whose face was slack and half-unfocused, still breathing hard and half-whimpering.
Looking back at Mindy, I reached up and touched her cheek, and pulled her face to mine. We kissed, slowly, and some people around us said, "Awwwwwwww!!!"
Mindy and I both smiled into the kiss and I said, "I'll lean back," quietly.
She leaned into my ear and asked, "I'm just wondering, why am I doing this?"
I pushed my hand over her ear and whispered ultra-quietly, giving directions. "Here's how it works. Say out loud for the group, 'Who wants it, get ready, two people, upend-bicycle.' Then, swallow your spit first. Suck in as much of the liquid on my penis as you can, squeeze from the base to get any last bit of cum out. Don't swallow. Someone, maybe two people, will get upside down. You'll need to put your mouth right there, on their parted lips, or you can part the lips, and you dribble what's in your mouth in it, maybe pushing with your tongue a little. It might seem scary, to start. Trust me, it tastes great. You're not a lesbian unless you want to be. This is just 'helping'. Out of this, maybe we get a cute baby? Sorry if it's ... odd? It's another chance, for someone. National security, the things we do, ya know?"
She moved her head to whisper back to me and said long and slow, "Woooooowwwww." There was a pause, and she said, "Yeah. I can do this. I think." She was working up the courage, maybe.
I leaned back. She got businesslike, bent down, attentive but not really hesitant, and did exactly what I'd said to do.
Getting some in her mouth, she looked around and found two girls who each were upside down. Walking over, she was really nervous, but determined, and bent in. Holding the girl's leg with one hand and hip with the other, she corrected and pulled the girl's labia open with her fingers, then put her face in, mouth as full inside the girl's lips as she could.
We waited.
She stood up and was confused but happy with some success. She said, "Huh. That wasn't bad. Very soft."
The girl, looking up, said, "Thank you...?"
"Mindy."
"Yeah... Thank you."
I rolled back over to Debbie and got up on my hands and knees to get there to her face, which I kissed gently. "Debbie? It's time to get up. You'll catch cold. Let's get up."
Debbie tried, and a few girls helped her. She stood strongly enough, but she seemed pretty out of it.
I got handed back my sweats and put them on again, I was chilly.
The instructor had us head back inside (probably early) and the girls who were naked just carried their clothes.
Looking down at myself, my cock wasn't totally deflated liked I'd have expected it to be in the cool air. Instead, it looked like I do sometimes after I come, where I'm semi-hard and kind of swinging side to side.
We walked back in the front of the building as a group and the girls I was with followed me, all the way up to 501 and in.
The others weren't there yet, so I showed them around.
Soon, though some more girls showed up, and more, until we had over 25. I asked, and they said, "Marsha told us to come up here, we'd be green-bands, so we're supposed to stay near you and naked."
This was kind of funny.
The room was certainly big enough, a large living room with six couches, four in a main area and two against the walls, and a hearth to sit on, too, plus the seats around an 8-person dining table and another however many barstools there were.
Jo came in, followed at intervals by others until I had a huge full house there.
Looking over everyone, I went to the bathroom and pee'd, something that was needed, and noted that there was a line of people needing to do the same thing.
Everyone was sweaty, I think, and all holding their clothes.
That was my sign to take a quick shower, which I had fun with, and soon the showers were full of soaping and rinsing girls, boobs everywhere.
Coming out of the shower, I walked over to the hearth, smiling at everyone and brushing past boobs that were just a delight to brush my upper arm by. I stood on the hearth so everyone could see me.
"Hey, everybody?"
They all got very quickly quiet. There's a sense of power in that, when you say something and everyone gets quiet to listen. I'd only ever felt like that when I gave a sermon as part of our youth-group-sunday service.
Looking around, my eyes got big and I smiled at them. "This is a ... wow, thing. If you would have told me last week that I'd be here, confronted by the beauty I'm seeing... yeah, kind of fantasyland."
They laughed, and looked around at each other.
"I know that I did absolutely Nothing to deserve this. I am obviously your servant. As much grandeur as I might dream fills this situation, it's because of a warning about the Complete Death of Everyone, for All Time. It's a kind of a bet-the-species thing. Heeding the warning is... complicated, for all of us."
I thought about what to say to them, and stopped. "Okay, so I'm standing here, thinking, how in the hell am I going to say something that thanks you, and apologizes for my ... shortcomings, there's lots of those. I want to help this, help you, every person... not just in this room, but... here. We talked last night, about, what, 7 of us?, about the Other Things we were supposed to be doing. Our lives are on hold, or completely broken apart from what we ... planned. It's all ripped away. Boom. Yeah, okay, here's this emergency, go save the planet, nevermind that calc test, or whatever, or your college plans, which I presume might still be on, or not, but no one seems to know."
There were lots of nods.
"I don't have many secrets anymore. I think the feds have people reading whatever papers I had stuffed away from second grade. Who knows. No secrets. And, I think, maybe you had that, too... even more than being told you have to be here, or that you should be here."
They were looking at me. I didn't know what I was doing, but I had to say something.
"I'm an idiot, I'm talking here and I have no clue how to ... address this? I'm sorry if I'm not erudite, or, 'articulate'." I looked at Simone and half-smiled, and got a half-smile back.
"We are naked. I think, we're naked even more than we're literally naked, we're naked and we're using our bodies and giving up dreams, and maybe secrets, and other boyfriends, and ... and I can't do anything about it. Except try to be nice to you, and listen, and ... I'm going to suck at that. I can see now, this grinding thing is going to change my mode from ... caring and helpful, to... I hope not other things, but yeah, I don't know. And I'm sorry if it ever, ever comes off that way, and I'll try, if you tell me I'm messing up."
They were nodding at me, like I had some sympathy.
"So, if I'm brusque, like, I walk up to you and say, "Koyt?"
There was talking and I had to explain the "Koyt" thing.
"... If I walk up and say Koyt, and you're not ready, or not in the mood, or whatever, just say no, and there's no downside here. Just hope. And sharing. Friends. Even if we don't all know each other, if you didn't go to Clintonville high school, yeah, we'll all have to make sure we don't have cliques."
Someone said "Koyt!" to me, and I laughed and said, "uh, other way around? I think?" Everyone got a chuckle out of that at least.
Suddenly I wondered something, and started counting, using my fingers. "Looks like there's ... 48 people here? Does that make sense, for... fertility stuff? I sooo don't know enough about that, health class we barely covered it."
A girl named Melanie raised her hand and I pointed.
She said, "So, if this building has, 400 people or so? So, women are fertile for a day before and 3 days after ovulation. That's four days a month. Four into 28 makes 7. So, one seventh of women, 15%, are fertile at any given time. Menstruation lasts about 4 days, too, so it's easy to remember. Anyway, 400 people divided by 7, that's 4 times 15, that's 60 people. If we have 48 here, that's most of us."
I said, "Uhh... and, best I can figure, I might be able to make love with 6 people a day? That's ... six of fifteen? So maybe 20 percent of you will get a chance. I'm sorry I'm not superman." I sighed. "Anyone else hungry?"
"Yeah!"
"Let's eat breakfast. I think if you get dressed, Marsha will have an opinion, so, maybe, number off, put your clothes in numerical order, or, just take them back to your room? You'll need towels or a shirt to sit on, at breakfast, anyway."
I waved and stepped down. I didn't want to be in charge.
Rosa Flores was right there, standing next to Anne Porter. I'd known both of them forever, they both played clarinet. Rosa had a sweet face, small breasts with very prominent dark nipples.
Looking at her expression, I realized she was biting her lip. She said, "I've been... getting ready? Playing? Would you like... I'm ready. If you're ..."
I looked at Anne. "Anne? Are you ready, too?"
Anne's eyes went big, fearful almost, but then more into determined. She said, "If Rosa is, I am."
I said "Fluff me, suck on me, until I'm hard. Rosa, I'll kiss you until I'm hard, then you can turn around and hold onto the couch?"
They didn't need to say anything. Rosa stepped in and kissed me, but stepping off to the side, and Anne got down on her knees. I wasn't that 'up', just kind of out and down, which is more than I usually am just sitting around, but then again, things had been pretty strange lately.
There wasn't much delay between kissing/fluffing and being ready. Rosa was a good kisser, smiling at me. She said, "I am not a virgin. I had sex with my step-cousin Paulo this last summer, but ... I know you will be better."
I looked down and things were ready, so I had her turn around and stand with her legs wide, sticking her butt out.
As I came up behind her, I noticed that while about half the girls had left already, those that remained turned to mostly sit and watch. I had to ignore that. I had ignored it in the morning because I could close my eyes, but standing and holding on seemed like I had to pay more attention.
On the plus side, I decided that I didn't have to worry about anyone freaking out because I was being exhibitionist, flashing them or something. They were staying.
Getting right there, I pushed my cock up to her lips, and she reached under to pull them open for me. Pink lips, very wet, and my cock just went right there, and I could press in - sliding, ever-so-sloooooowwwly, into her. Having saliva all over my cock just made me slippery, I guessed, and this was really nice.
She and i both sighed, and I felt myself smiling with a contented face at the feeling of oh-so-right being in her.
Pulling out and pushing in again, we set up a rhythm, and her voice, too, gave more gutteral tones as we went on through the first few minutes.
Looking over at Anne, I said, "Anne, stand up here next to her? I'll switch between you, and maybe if I come in one of you, I can push into the other right away, and both of you...?"
"Get some. Got it."
Anne was watching my cock go in and out of Rosa. She turned around and put her leg in front of Rosa's so her hips could be right next to hers. Two hips, two openings.
Anne looked back at me and said, "Kevin? I'm ... totally game for this, but... I'm a virgin."
I asked, Do you want it more face-to-face? We can shift...?"
"No, no. Just... be slow, at the start, so I don't hurt too much, or... if I say to stop...?"
I nodded and held up a thumbs-up, but then I stopped myself and said, "Rosa? Anne? I gotta say, I really like both of you, and I wish we could have more time than this...?"
Rosa was grunting and smiling, "Just Fuck me, Kevin. Fuck me hard."
As asked, I did, slamming into her, hard and hard again, and still going, hard and in. She got more and more desperate sounding, but then i said, "Rosa, I'm gonna go into Anne, now, and then I'll come back to you, okay?"
"Okay?"
"Anne? Uh... Koyt?"
"YES."
I pulled out of Rosa and shifted to the side. Instead of just pushing in, I reached and put my fingers all along her slit, finding there was plenty of wetness there. Even then, though, my forefinger ran over her clit and she swooned a little. "Wow. you're ready."
"Fuck yeah."
This is a girl I'd known to never swear, almost ever, and there she was, in a group of people, getting ready to lose her virginity, in public, with a guy she'd never even kissed.
That seemed wrong.
I said, "Anne, quick. Stand up and kiss me?"
She immediately did, turning to put her arms around my neck. We kissed with some haste, and then she decided that was enough and turned back around.
My cock went to her folds, parted them, she pushed back, and I pressed in, gently but... firmly enough. I broke past something, and that was her hymen.
Her scream of pain was genuine and shrill, and I stopped and waited, stroking the side of her hip and her back, waiting. A few seconds later, maybe ten, she got her breathing down and said loud enough for me to hear, "Okay... Keep going."
Setting up a smooth motion, in and out, very slow, her squeeze on my cock was like a fist. "Tight, oh so tight, Anne. Amazing. Thank you."
Her frank and loud response of, "Fuck that, thank you! I love your cock!" - was so forthright, a bunch of the girls laughed around us.
Looking to her side, the next person sitting there was Jody Haskell. I'd known Jody only as a trendy girl who talked in a nasal voice and I was pretty sure she was in the football-team crowd. She was totally the opposite of approachable, in my book. I think her worldview had a lot of social and economic class baggage in it.
Just my talking with her was something that seemed very odd to me, we were such very different people. I said, "Jody."
She looked at my face, startled somehow. "Yyyyes?"
"Jody. I'm going to pull out of Anne, here, in a minute. I want you to lick her, and keep her going, while I go back to Rosa. If you want to, that is. I might have some left, at the end, for... you, maybe, then."
It was transactional with her. Somehow that seemed right, from what I knew of her.
She nodded, uncertain, her eyes darting around as she tried to imagine what that'd be like.
"Here. Come around, right here, and reach under. See if you can reach Anne's clit? Very gently, circles."
I'd have given 50-50 odds on her not doing anything. But, she did. Her face was screwed up like she found it utterly disgusting, which I really, really liked for some reason.
Jody's action on Anne's clit was working. Anne started cresting, and I knew she had moments before she came. Letting that happen, I nodded, happy, and said, "Rosa, I'm about to come over, right after Jody licks me off."
Jody looked up at me, startled.
Anne's shudders and gasps were strong, and I said, "Now, Jody, around here, and lick me off before I go back into Rosa."
Jody sank to her knees and looked up at me, slightly pained, and not moving too fast. I shifted to be right there, and she took it.
The girl next to her, who I didn't recognize, said, "Hurry up, he's waiting... faster."
Jody took my cock in her mouth, tinged with red-pink from Anne's hymen-break blood, and sucked me in. I was big at that point, my bulbous head was too big for her to take very far.
Figuring that was enough, I moved back to Rosa and pushed in. Looking over at the girl who had said, 'faster', I asked, "What's your name?"
"Madison."
"Madison. Like the President."
Her nod was fast and earnest, "Sir. Yes."
Rocking into Rosa, I said, "Then, Madison, can you do like Jody did and diddle Rosa's clit, here? Everyone deserves a chance to come..."
I heard Rosa say, "Ohgodyesplease..."
Madison moved over to the other side and got under, and as she did I could reach out and grab her titties, swaying (only slightly) since they were in the middle-C or even D cup range. I said, "Beautiful. Amazing tits."
"Breasts."
I nodded, "Noted. ... I think I could spend an hour just sucking on them."
She licked her lips and looked down, watching me go in and out of Rosa, and trying to get her hand just right over Rosa's clit.
Rosa was well beyond just sort of enjoying this. She bucked and loved it, her cries joining Anne's, who was still going given the licking Jody was giving her. I looked over, "Jody, good job. Lick that pussy. I'm going to push back in there in a minute, and give her some come. You want some fucking, too?"
She looked up at me with the oddest look, "Why are you being so crass?"
"I'll tell you later. If you want my cock, tell me. Say it."
"I... want your cock."
"You want it where?"
"I want... you to... make love with me."
"I can't right now. I can do the making love later. Right now, it's ... kinda fucking."
Madison laughed, "He's got a point. And, it's a tasty point."
Jody looked back, and since Anne had slowed down, she licked again, to get her going, and it worked, she kept it up.
"Use a finger, or two. Get under and lick her clit."
Jody did.
I just went in and out a moment. I had a little time left, I wasn't near the edge or anything.
"Jody... Coyt?"
She looked back and said, "Yes?"
"Stick your ass up here, next to Anne's."
"I'm... a virgin, Kevin."
"Ah." Looking at how Anne and Rosa were doing, I said, "You've got it."
She stood and turned around, facing the couch just as Anne and Rosa were. I slowed and pulled out of Rosa. "Madison, lick?"
Madison was super fast on the uptake, pulling me in and getting her nose almost halfway down my cock, which is saying something given how bulbous i was at the end and swollen from being mid-fucking.
"Right, thank you." I turned and faced Jody's butt, and used my fingers. She was plenty wet. Standing right in, I positioned and painted up-down, getting a whimper, and then pushed slightly. There was something there. I said, "you want this, push back on me on 3. Ready? One, two...Three."
Going past the resistance in a smooth stroke, I couldn't believe she was a virgin. She'd been dating a football player or something. But, the pain and hymen didn't lie. I was wrong. I owed her an apology, which I'd have to give her later.
I was kind of busy.
Waiting for her to get her breathing under control, I just said calmly, "No rush here, Jody. No rush. You feel Amazing. This is very cool."
Maybe 20 or 30 seconds later, she got to a better place and started pushing back on me, and said, "Ooookay now, uh, slowly?"
I went slow, working my way in and out, and kept rocking into her. Looking down, there was a lot of blood on my shaft, so I looked over at someone and asked, "Towel?"
They got it, and I held it. Pushing all the way in for her I felt a familiar twinge at the tip of my cock and she started to get much more freewheeling and mobile, shimmering around such that I had to hold onto her hips.
Going back, though, I warned her and headed back to Anne, and there it was, my rising. I could feel Anne's grasp on me, too, tight like nothing else, and her grunting made me smile.
I closed my eyes. This was good.
I came. "OoooooOOOoyyyyrrzzzzz!!!! fuuuuuuuUUUUUUKKK syssszzzzyzyyyzzzz....!!!"
Great waves swept over me, like before, but a pretty large feeling, like I had to put muscle power into something. I did, pushing up and into Anne with a force I felt and grunting loudly.
I knew I couldn't just be in Anne, so I said, "Rosa, ready, here goes...," and pulled out and pushed into Rosa, past Madison's help and still coming, still making the good stuff happen.
We both went for 15 or 20 seconds, whatever it was, and I looked over. Jody was propped there, braced on the sofa back and looking just over her arm at me. I pulled out of Rosa and came over to Jody, and gave her some last thrusting until I just had to sit down.
I closed my eyes, and it turned out that Madison did my cleanup, starting to spit into her hand but then changing that and going over to a girl she obviously knew (upturned butt on the couch, comedically with her calves over the seat back). That girl and her exchanged some words, or almost words, and Madison bent down and put her face right into the girls' pussy.
Damned sexy!
The rest of the room kind of picked up and left, then, down to the kitchen. Perhaps we'd been there 20 minutes, but I think most of us were hungry.
That included me.
I looked over at Jody, who had on someone's advice gone to the nearest couch, turned upside down so her shoulders were on the ground but her body and legs were upwards.
I went over and sat on the floor next to her, not talking, just looking straight ahead.
She said, "You don't know me. I think you think you do, but you don't."
"You're Jody Haskins. You're dating one of the football players, I thought. A friend of Kelli Nestor."
"No. And, Fuck you for saying so."
"Oh." I had to think about that. "I don't think we've ever talked. But I thought I saw you around her at some point."
"Kelli dated Rocko. Tony Rockowitz. My brother and Tony are friends, so of course she knew me. If you think I was her friend, yeah, you don't know me."
"Why were you so standoffish?"
"Kevin, I'm a born again Christian. This is seriously wrong, right here. I'm doing this, this whole thing, because Pastor Keithson told me that there was a high mountain, and the only person who could climb it was me. Fucking _Me_. He's been a sleezeball forever, and I believe him, because Ted Allison, he's a friend of my dad's, said, so, and because the Vice President called."
"... of the U.S.?"
"I wasn't going to go. I told Keithson, I gotta think this out. I even said to his face, the cops brought him and his wife over, 'I don't trust you,' and he went on more about the mountain. I told him to get the fuck away from me, so my mom yelled and they took him away. Then, then!?! Then, Moynihan called and I was like, 'Oh, so what' and dad was freaking but trying to hold it together and support me."
"You're here now."
"Not my romantic ideal of a wedding night, Kev. Flowers would have been nice."
"Sorry."
Madison said, "Not my ideal either, Jody, or Anne's. We're... into something really big and I'm not sure what's going on."
I asked her, trying to keep my eyes on hers and not on her boobs, which just sucked my eyes in, "You concerned about something?"
Madison was talking analytically. "Everyone you make love with, Kevin. All the girls you enter, are consistently going into orgasms. That alone is odd. Doesn't happen, I have friends that have had sex a lot, and they just don't ever have that. We talk. I would KNOW, and trust me, it's very strange."
"Okay?"
"PLUS, sometimes when they come it lasts like tens of seconds. Sometimes, over a minute? Two minutes maybe? This doesn't seem right. I think there's something going on, and that makes me nervous. I mean, I had to have swallowed some of your semen, though I tried to give it all to Ella."
We looked over at the girl that was upside down, still, but then another girl came up.
I reached out my hand. "Kevin. Kevin Kooper."
She laughed and sat cross-legged (in a way I couldn't) in front of me.
In a more squeezed voice, I heard, "Good to meet you, I'm Jody Upsidedown Haskins."
"And, why are you upsideown?"
"Mom told me to, when I was packing. She said, it'll help the sperm swim into my uterus."
Anne was aghast. She'd kind of come to consciousness. "You ... got to pack?"
"Didn't you?"
Rosa, herself slightly slurring her words, "Noooottt muuch..."
Madison looked at me with a raised eyebrow.
"Rosa," I asked, "Does anything hurt now?"
Her grinning utterly-relaxed-happy voice shone through, "I miss my sister. She would love this place."
"Why?
"Goats."
"Anything feel good, Rosa?"
"Everything. I'm perfect."
"Anne?"
"What she said. Hmmmmm...."
I looked over at some girls sitting near us. "I think I need to go get something to eat. Can we bring you back something?"
"Orange juice."
"Done."
I got up, and was going to put on bottom sweats, but this sort-of older girl was there, naked but for shoes and socks. I asked her, "So, if you're naked and I'm not, that's... kind of me saying I'm getting away with something, right?"
She shrugged, "You can do whatever you want, Kevin. Tell us all to eat ass, a bunch of us probably would. I might. Depends if it was mean-spirited."
I held out my hand, "Kevin."
"Marcie."
"That's not going to cause problems."
"Tell me about it."
Madison followed Marcie and I and we went downstairs and to the cafeteria.
It was at least half-full, and we weren't the only ones naked.
As we were waiting (there was a line), I asked, "Marcie. Can I ... fondle your boobs?"
She laughed. "Sure! Fondle away. I'm not doing anything with them, so, sure. They don't get enough of that anyway. Not since Sophomore year."
I raised an eyebrow. You got fondled as a sophomore?"
"In college. College sophomore."
"How old are you?"
"I'm 25. Doctoral student, applied physics, cal-tech." she pulled her shoulders back. "Go ahead. I figure, once you fondle about 1000 boobs, it will lose its appeal, and whoever is after us won't have this problem. I'm taking 'one for the team'."
I took her advice and used both hands to cup, and hold, and deform, and play with first one of her breasts, then the other, then tried pushing them together to see if the nipples could touch. They couldn't.
She saw what I was doing. "They never did that. I wondered when I was growing up if I'd end up with ones that could. Nope."
The other girls standing there laughed.
A darker-skinned girl, India-Indian, was standing there. She wasn't naked, but she had the obviously largest chest around us, so I held out my hand and said, "Kevin."
"Aisha."
'Aisha, may I fondle your boobs?"
She laughed a big laugh, and said, "Sure! On the first meeting! Amazing. I knew my girls would come in handy someday!!" She pulled off her sweatshirt, then her t-shirt, then her bra, and there they were, two more huge breasts, maybe DD. They drooped a little, but they kind of had-to, given their size.
I lifted one, "This is heavy. Must be a bitch-kitty to haul around."
"Most definitely, sir. Very much."
"And where are you from? Not my high school."
"Maine, but I'm going to.... I WAS going to Tufts, engineering. Boston."
"Oh, I've heard of them. Good school? You like it?" All the while, I was lifting both her breasts, squeezing them, playing, having fun, all that.
She had a half-grin on her face, bemused by my playfulness. "Great for me. My dad wasn't happy to see the tuition prices, but I got a free ride so it turned out." Seeing my raised eyebrows, she said, "Biomedical Engineering master's, almost done. Did my undergrads in pharmacology and applied math."
"And how did you end up here?"
"My thesis advisor called and said, come to my office, right now. Run, don't walk! Bring your purse!" I thought his wife was having health troubles, he'd talked about her."
We were getting through the line, so I bent down and gave one of her nipples a kiss, and let go of them so we could get trays. Someone said, "And?"
"And, there were FBI guys there, with some guy that turned out to be the Governor of Massachusetts. I'm like, oh my god!"
We chuckled.
"He said, 'We need you, and especially you, to go be one of the people that Kevin Kooper - the young one - has ... available. Are you married? Engaged?"
The other girls were nodding like this was a normal story.
"I said, 'No, though technically I am, an arranged thing in India, but I'm not sure I'm going to do that' which is sooooo true. Anyway, he picks up a phone and while he's dialing, he says to me, 'We have criteria. Very specific. A set of skills, a freakishly brilliant mind, no health problems, a recent physical exam, super-high grades, super-smart like I said, a body type that's... pretty, and mostly athletic, and... has the right set of genetics. You're tops on all that. You are TOPS, on ALL of that. Your country needs you."
"So, I said, 'To do what, exactly? Have babies with that high school version of Kooper?"
He finished up dialing and he put it on speaker. The lady who answered said, 'Landingham.' He said, "Governor Reese for Potus, live wire."
The girls around nodded and said, "Same phrase, 'live wire'."
"So, I talked with President Dukakis for about 3 minutes. He said, it's important. He's a high school kid, probably totally green, might be a dick, seems like he's nice, so far, decent guy. We don't know. But, whatever he is, we need you, and this is a volunteer thing, we can't make you, but this is a human-race survival thing. We need YOU, to go make babies with this Kooper kid. I know, I know. You're a successful person, ah, Aisha. Sorry, I'm making a few calls today. Anyway, yeah. So, ... would you have objections? We have a variety of rewards and inducements, if that's the difference."
We'd sat at the table, and Madison said, "Almost to the word what he said to me."
"Script. Makes sense."
"And you said?"
"I said, 'I'm thinking.' The governor said, "Thank you, Mr. President. Good luck, sir.' He hung up the phone and said, "I can't help you with this decision. I can sweeten the pot, but it's a life you're creating, so that's hard. I have some inducements, if you like."
"I asked what, and he said, I can name a junior high after you, or a post office, or an office building somewhere. Or, hell, a university library or something, if you like, I have donors that can make that happen this afternoon."
"That was really funny, and I laughed. One of his aides explained more, that they'd worked out that genetically they needed certain phenotypes, that meant certain nationalities in certain numbers, and women, and of the right age, and pretty, and super, super smart, and athletic, and with a clean bill of health recently, etc. And, I had all those boxes, and please, please would I do it."
She paused for effect, since most of us had started eating.
"And, I said, I'll do it with two requirements. One, all my family, all my cousins from India, maybe a hundred of them, they get to come here, green cards, citizenship, and free college. Two, yeah, the junior high." She was smiling and took a bite of bread. "We wrote it down, he signed it, and we shook on it. Two FBI guys took me to the airport and I flew here. They said they'd pack my apartment up into shipping containers and my name would be kept secret. I'm supposed to say my last name is Hassani. It's not, but, sorta, now it is. Keeps my cousins safe."
"You think they'll keep the bargain?"
She considered that, chewing. "Maybe. If not, I think if I am the mother of a Kooper, I might have a little power then, too."
The rest of the meal wasn't that interesting until the end part, when an announcement came over the P.A. "Mr. Kooper to the front lobby please."
I was only mostly done.
We'd gotten eggs, some kind of fresh sourdough bread, fresh fruit cut up into yogurt with granola. I wasn't enthusiastic. I didn't normally have yogurt for breakfast, that was weird. I was used to pancakes, or sugar cereal, or even oatmeal if there was enough brown sugar in it.
Healthy, I thought. They're trying to be healthy. I could probably benefit from that.
I finished my food and jumped out. I literally was naked except for shoes. I'd never really run without a jockstrap on, and it wasn't comfortable, my balls jangled.
Getting to the lobby wasn't far, and I had the girls with me. Waiting there, I saw three older women, not high school girls at least. They were still in overcoats, with Peacock and Marsha, too. I walked up, not knowing what to expect.
Right behind me several of my table-mates had come with me - we were all naked, too. We'd apparently left Aisha in the cafeteria, which made sense, she wasn't on-deck, she'd been clothed.
Marsha spoke, "Mr. Kooper. We have some introductions."
I looked over. The short lady looked vaguely familiar.
"This is Dr. Ruth Westheimer. She does call-in shows and sex education in New York. She's a recognized world expert on sex education."
I shook her hand. She looked tired but somewhat incredulous, almost certainly because I was walking out to meet her while naked, and that there were a bunch of naked girls walking up behind me.
"This is Madame Xaviera Hollander. She's flown in from Toronto. She's..."
I interrupted and said, "I'm familiar with your columns, ma'am. Wow. Nice to meet you."
Xaviera shrugged and said, "I'm not sure why I'm here. My advice is simplistic crap. Dr. Ruth, I don't deserve, you're so much better at..."
Dr. Ruth's odd German-Czech accent cut through, and I remembered hearing her once before, maybe, somewhere. "Ms. Hollander, let's just see what they need and maybe we can help. If not, we go have some breakfast and laugh."
"Lastly, this is Dr. Christine Bourne, UC Berkeley professor of clinical psychiatry, also Emeritus Professor at the Masters and Johnson Center at Johns Hopkins Baltimore."
Dr. Ruth's voice cut in, "Oooooo, you're THAT Dr. Bourne! I didn't know! I'm so sorry. I have read your work, Doctor."
Borne smiled and said, "We're each doing our thing, I think. General Peacock, you asked us here for a reason?"
Marsha waved us to go forward, and then motioned to a random girl in lobby, "Can you go up and get clothes for these three and for Kevin? 501? And some sex towels."
The girl nodded and set off at a trot up the staircase.
This pushed eyebrows up among all three women, and mine, too. I mumbled to myself, "I'm not sure I want to... yeah. Doomed."
We trooped into this conference room past the front desk, and Marsha laid out what was happening for the doctors. Sitting around this conference table, I sat down at the head in this swanky leather chair and realized I didn't have a sitting towel.
Someone else went to get some faster, but I sat anyway, a few girls standing against the wall behind me. Out of six of them, I only knew Jo and Sue really well. Sue was a friend of my sister's who was 2 years ahead of me, one behind my sister. They knew each other through soccer, and I benefitted from getting to watch as Sue came over and watched TV wearing shorts and Oh My she was tasty to look at.
The fact that Sue was naked in the room with me just left me kind of knackered, and since she hadn't been at the breakfast table, it was a happy confusion.
Regardless, we were there for a reason: Expertise.
Marsha explained what I'd told her, and what she'd observed about the girls' behavior when we were 'makin' whoopee'.
I had to elaborate.
In some good detail, I spelled out the specific reactions I'd observed, from a quick escalation to remaining in an orgasming state. Generally, it only happened after they were exposed to either my cum or my pre-cum, possibly, with a delay for some girls and less for others.
Oral ingestion of my sperm didn't create an orgasm, it had to be vaginal.
When I mentioned that I could feel clenching on my penis (for some reason I had to use more scientific names around these ladies, I could just say 'cock' as easily, it was funny how inhibited I was by that). I described the feeling, and then the speed of the clenching at just a little more than once a second.
All 3 ladies nodded when I said that and Dr. Ruth said, "Of course."
I even mentioned that I could sometimes feel a tickle at the end, where my tip might be touching the girl's cervix, but that touch generated even more reaction from the girls, all positive.
They were very interested in how long the orgasms were lasting, the sleep afterwards, the slurred speech, and their overall experiences.
Dr. Bourne specifically wanted to interview the girls.
Jo knew who had come from the previous night and that morning, so she left and came back about 3 minutes later with Rosa and Anne, and then Debbie from the outside encounter.
While we were waiting, we just chatted.
Dr. Ruth put them all at ease with a wonderful story about everyone having different experiences of sex, even in the same day, and how she had interviewed people who had the hardest time talking about sex even though they really loved doing it.
She was great!
After the introduction, though, Xaviera said that she really, really liked a hard cock in her cunt, sometimes fast and sometimes with some slaps on her butt, and sometimes even a finger in her butthole, but usually the calm kind of sex was just plain good, too, to take the edge off.
She even said she'd had sex with some women who just couldn't control their volume and screamed their heads off when they came, and that was fun but hurt her ears, so it was either having her ears compressed on her head as the girls moved their knees in, making it quiet, or not, making it loud.
Xaviera's ears would hurt either way, she said, and she'd kind of had to accept that.
The girls behind me were all laughing at this, of course, as was I, but I noticed how the mood in the room changed and we all got a lot more comfortable.
The descriptions the girls gave about what happened got very vivid, which wasn't something I'd heard before, as a guy.
They all described being overwhelmed by a sense of amazing pleasure after just a little penetration, that it increased much, much faster than when they masturbated. They all agreed that even if or when I temporarily stopped being in them, any little stimulation kept them in an orgasm state until I got back or they just couldn't handle it anymore.
That conversation went on for a while, we were there for at least half an hour.
Dr. Borne asked me if I had questions, and I said, hell-yeah, I want to know how to lick a girl and make it work. Sometimes it just didn't seem to have an effect, and there were precisely zero instruction books I'd ever seen on that.
She laughed and said she knew of at least a dozen and some were even in English.
The others laughed and Dr. Ruth described the Kama Sutra was thousands of years old, written in Sanskrit. The problems with translating it was that literal translations talked about 'lotus blossoms' and fruits and she didn't eat a lot of those so it was hard to picture.
The three ladies laughed like they were in on a joke and I just wanted to know more, but then again, I was even more sex-obsessed than the normal teenage guy.
Jo spoke up then, and said it didn't really matter because if I could give a girl an orgasm by just being in her for a minute or two, then why worry?
Dr. Borne said, "You've described, just this morning, having sex in front of 50 girls outside, then again with four different girls, in front of another 50 girls, all naked in your room upstairs. Mostly right?"
I nodded, "Yeah, that's it. And we're not complaining, but it's just slightly odd that the girls would be coming so much, so fast."
"Do you think, maybe, either here or somewhere more comfortable, we could see how this works? Is it too soon for you, would you like to wait some time?"
I laughed. It'd been at least an hour, maybe two at that point.
Looking over at Jo, then at Sue, I half smiled and said, "Uh... Koyt?"
Jo said calmly, looking between me and the doctors, and said, "Yes," and then Sue did the same.
Dr. Ruth asked if I knew these people, and I described knowing Jo and how, and then that my sister and Sue had been friends, but that I knew Sue from Chorus the previous year, too.
Looking between Sue and the doctors, I said (trying to be honest but admitting something) that when Sue had come over to hang out with my sister, that she'd watched TV sometimes and I'd hung around her, or sneaked looks from around corners, because Sue had been really, really pretty - I corrected that to 'hot' - and any glance at her and I could imagine a lot of things.
Sue smiled and added, looking at me, that she'd known perfectly well what was going on, and she'd been kind of mean about it, or kind, and deliberately worn short shorts and tank tops, and my sister had been in on it sometimes.
The girls all laughed, as did I, and I just had to say, "Figures." Correcting that, though, and standing up, I realized it was time to do what they had asked. I held out my hand to Sue and pulled her to me, letting my eyes appreciate very directly what I'd been missing before.
Sue said, "I'm sorry I teased you."
"You're not teasing now, and this isn't something I'm going to forget."
She laughed, and I stepped in and slowly closed the distance for a kiss. I didn't go for the lips kiss right away, I wanted to get a cheek-sensation first, but she wanted more than that and our lips met, pre-licked and wet with anticipation.
Dancing tongues let our bodies come together in more of a hug, and I could feel my cock rising against her thigh.
Someone murmured near us but I ignored it.
My hands explored her back and I hugged her tightly to me, pulling her upper back close and those wonderful breasts pressed into my chest like soft pillows, topped with a definite pair of hard points.
Turning slightly to get access, I let my hand go down her front to cup her breast and pull on her nipples like Marsha herself had taught me, from behind the nipple and out but gently and slightly twisting.
Sue's breath caught in her throat.
From below me, I heard Jo's voice say, "Fluffing."
Both Dr. Ruth and Xaviera stifled laughs and I figured it was surprising that we'd used that term.
I felt the fluffing, for sure. It worked.
We continued to kiss for a few minutes while my hand went down to Sue's sex, over her minimal landing strip of pubic hair. I'd noticed some girls trimmed theirs and some not, but that the older girls tended to be very neat about it.
I could probably solve this myself, it occurred to me, by just asking that there be a standard maximum length, but, hey, a question for another day.
Knowing I was hard, I looked down at Jo and said, "Jo, can you stand up so I can kiss you? That was amazing."
She did, and we shared a hot kiss, too. Seeing her there standing so close to Sue, I asked, "Okay, can you kiss each other? I'd love to see that."
Jo was unfazed by this, having watched me ask more of her than that, but Sue I think hadn't kissed a girl before. She did a double take on me but then moved in and tentatively kissed Jo, who took charge more and gave her a good buss, with an on-purpose 'smack' sound at the end, and a laugh.
"You're a good kisser, Sue."
"Uh, thanks?'
Looking at the table, I said, "Sue, sit on the table, then lie back?"
She did, and I sank down and kissed my way into her nethers. This was partially a performance for the doctors, since I really wanted to get busy, but at the same time, I knew that Sue might like it as well, and I was trying to do my best to meet expectations.
Sue said, "Just... do it, get going."
I stood up quickly and found the table was just about the right height for me. I painted my cock up and down her slit, legs out and open, and I knew all the girls around me were watching intently what i was doing.
Before I went in, I asked quietly, "Sue, are you a virgin?"
"No, Kev. Thanks for asking."
Her smile was big but she was looking down her body at me; her C-cup breasts (or D? It was hard to tell) had deformed now that she was lying flat, still pointy upwards but spread more wide towards her underarms.
This was fun. She was seriously beautiful, so I said that, appreciating, before shaking my head and going forward, pressing in.
Sue was very ready for me, and I was dripping, thanks to Jo, so I could go at least part way on the first stroke. Her inhale and whimper told me she liked that bit.
I told her, "I can... feel all of you, on me, around me. This is great. I have dreamed of doing this for ... years."
"Oh, I know, and... now. I had ideas about you, too, Kev."
Looking over my shoulder, at another girl, "If you want to get ready, I can finish in you, if you like? Koyt?"
The girl nodded. I think she was in college or later, she had an older look and slightly less pert breasts, but an enthusiastic smile. I said, "Lick Jo to start? I want Jo to have some fun, too."
She looked at Jo and Jo shrugged and they laughed, and I looked back at Sue. All of that had taken a second, but I had kept moving into Sue.
Reaching forward, I could just barely reach one of Sue's breasts, but the angle was wrong and the table didn't let me move like that and still stay in her.
So, rocking back and forth it was, and oh-so-good a-rockin' it was.
Sue's noises were definitely audible and half-frustrated, and her face showed eyebrows and pursed lips alternating with open mouth gasps and 'yes!' noises.
Turning it into a more strident thrusting, I moved her legs to be up to my shoulders and I held onto the front of her thighs, to push myself in farther.
I looked up at the doctors, and they were concentrating on what was happening on Sue's face. I thought they might be looking at me, but it was mostly at the girl.
All were at the end of the table, still, so I said, "If you... ladies want... you can come... up here to look down, too..."
Xaviera was first to get up, then Dr. Ruth, though that might have been because she was older. Dr. Bourne had a professionally-impassive face on, but she came around and stood to the side, against the wall but even with Sue's head so they could see her reactions.
Sue, by the time they got there, was starting to get close to orgasm, and I said so, half whispering, 'It's getting closer... I can feel you stiffening up, Sue. Let it happen. I love being ... in you, slamming my ... hard cock into ... your pussy. Your... Hot... Cunt."
I was panting myself, though it wasn't really from exertion since I was in excellent shape and this wasn't strenuous. Still, some panting during sex is a good thing, right?"
Sue came.
She cried out in joy and lust, and I saw her chest muscles, pectorals, clench down underneath her breasts, her shoulders going to isometric relief. She had strong muscles! Even her sixpack abs clenched up, and she almost got her back off the table for a moment doing a situp.
Inside, she was coming, and I narrated, "Clenching, ... now, now, now, now... it feels awesome!"
We let this go for about 30 seconds, then longer, though Sue got slightly calmer it was definitely a continuous thing. Looking over at Jo and her new companion (it turned out her name was Sue also so she became Zan, per Jo), I motioned them over. Jo was hot and bothered, quite obviously.
I said, "Jo? You missed out, mostly, before. You want some cock now?"
"Thought you'd never ask. Do I get some cum, too?"
Sue was writhing under me, so I said, "Half." Looking at the table, I motioned, "You can get up, too? Or, bend over?"
"Bend me, Kevin," and she moved to bend over the table and stick out her butt.
"Zan, I'm going to pull out of Sue, and I want you to come over and give her small, steady licks, right up the length of her lips, and over her clit, but gently and steadily? Maybe reach up and pull her nipples, too, or finger her clit while you lick? Not a ton, just gently, and keep going."
Zan's wide eyes showed she'd never done this before and was kind of freaked out, but very willing. I slowed my thrusts and pulled out of Sue, noting that I had a small bit of froth on my cock.
Xaviera, standing there, stepped forwards slightly, to my surprise. She looked at me with some bedroom eyes, down at my cock, and said, "One taste?"
"Uh, okay?"
She took her finger and ran it up the side of my cock, wetting it with the juices and pulling it back. She didn't put it in her mouth right away, but stepped backwards and motioned for me to continue.
Going over to Jo, I moved up between her legs and said, "You're super-sexy, Jo. Thank you for helping so much."
Her bending over let her twist around and look back to me. She smiled and said, "What's a valedictorian to do but get bent over and totally fucked on a conference table?"
There were some titters of laughter, and I said, "Oh, I dunno, get fucked and filled up with great gobs of my cum."
Pushing into her very ready lips, I grunted and she did, too.
I added, "Oh, yeah, babe. Your pussy is soooo nice."
"Slap my butt?"
I hadn't done that, so I did. SLAP.
"Harder. Make me feel it."
I kept moving, and every once in a while, I'd slap her.
Sue was still coming, like a minute later. I liked seeing that. It was less strong, probably, but still going. Zan was using two fingers in her and licking her clit, slowly, and she said something about clenching inside.
Looking over my shoulder, I made eye contact with a girl and said, "Can you come here? Reach under and rub her clit, gently, slow circles, while I thrust."
The girl did that, pretty calmly I thought, and the sensation of having fingers near my cock as I went into Jo felt pretty good, even if a fingernail touched my shaft now and then.
Jo's grunting turned stronger, and she started narrating. "I'm ... feeling his cock riding... in me it's, oh my GOD, it's great! The end, it's kind of bulging out, maybe? Inside... I feel... wow, and I have this ... I can tell where it is, how deep... Oh, god it's so deep in me... I think, yeah, you're..."
I pushed in harder and said, "Yep. Cervix."
"Oohhhhhhyeahhh, Kev, definitely that. Meeeee likeeeee... fuuuuuckfuckfuckyeahhhh..."
Jo's orgasm was white-knuckle holding onto the table, butt-clenching, full body action.
I just rode it out, thrusting away, wanting to see if I could last a while when she was doing that.
"Getting closer," I said, over both Jo's, and Sue's gasping cries. "Gonna spurt soon, Jo, you'll have the hot baby juice. But, then I'm going to Sue's. Gonna put my cock in Sue. Zan, get ready, I'm ... gonna... ohhh fuckk this is gooddddddd yeszzrrrrrr rrfuuuuuuuuuuk. rrnRNNnNNNNN yeahhh!!!!"
Throwing my head back, I grunted strongly and slammed into Jo hard, jarring hard, and loved it, and I knew that tickle meant I was right up against her cervix.
One, two, three I counted, and then pulled out and practically shoved zen out of the way. I'd had more than a little spurt come out onto the carpet, maybe, or my hand, but I got into Sue again and kept on pumping, Ohhhhh yeahhhh...."
Looking over at Zen a moment, I said, "Bend over the table, Zen, if you want, and i can give you some extras. It'd help."
No hesitation, she moved over and put her elbows on the table next to Sue and looked back at me. I had to close my eyes and lose myself a second, then came back to reality and looked around. An open pussy was to one side, Jo's. I was inside an utterly beautiful girl. And, beside her, another pussy was open, more so that she was reaching underneath and spreading her lips for me.
I pulled out more calmly than before, and went over to push into Zan, who had a different feel to her, and I think it was because something felt different inside. Not a lot, just slightly. I turned my head sideways slightly and said, "You... feel a little different, zen. Not bad different, just... pressure is in different places? Good! I like it, just ... this is fun."
She panted back at me, "Yeah... I have... an inverted.. Uterus. They said ... it was no problem."
From behind me I heard Dr. Bourne, "It isn't dear, you're fine. Very interesting you could feel that, Kevin."
I had slowed to a stop, almost, just had stayed there a minute, but I did push all the way in, enough to see if I could reach the end of Zan, too. It was more subtle than that and I wasn't sure, and said so.
Zan was sure. She said, "Oh, yes you are! It's hurt, before... but... not now. I like it. I like it a lot."
I just groaned and stayed there. "Luxuriating in pussy." Looking over at Dr. Ruth, I grinned and said, trying to imitate her overly-clear somewhat German accent, "Above body-temperature penis-in-vagina coitus activity."
She laughed loudly, as did they all.
I added as a translation, "Hot Fucking Action!"
I hadn't told the other girl to stop it with Jo, but she had, and Jo was giving small slight whimpers, almost silent, with each breath.
Two girls had stepped up and were holding Sue's legs up, since it couldn't have been comfortable to be like that. Sue was mostly done, just tremors going though her.
Dr. Bourne asked, "Sue, what are you feeling?"
There was a hesitation and a breath, a sigh. Repeating the question, Sue just said in a deeply contented / satisfied way, "Mmmm... Yes."
I pulled out of Jo and bent over and kissed her back, but she stood up and put her arms around me and gave me a nice frontal kiss in return. Dropping from that with what might have been a wink, she took a knee and found my cock, sucking up and down it and pulling in all the juices.
Instead of seeking someone else as was the newly-developed pattern, she said, "Mmmm... I'm being selfish, Kev. Third time, I get to swallow."
I grinned back down at her. "I'm happy you're happy, Jo - I love that you're into it. Or, at least, tolerate."
"Into, definitely. Yumy. Gnarly good. Whackadoodle. Mondo primo, Mr. Coleman, sir."
Dr. Ruth asked, "Coleman?"
One of the other girls cited the movie.
Marsha said, "Dr. Bourne, your observations?"
"Atypical extended response cycle in the male, it was nearly 10 minutes. Certainly extended in the females as well." She looked at me, "Have you noticed the buildup to orgasm start when you're doing oral only, before genital contact?"
I thought back and said no. "I'm not really that good yet. Sometimes? Mostly, no. It took me like 20 minutes to get ... one girl going, to orgasm I mean, but I was a clod and didn't set up a steady rhythm. She helped after that. Is 20 minutes normal?"
She smiled, "It is for a novice, and you've said you were a novice then. How long ago?"
"Last couple of days, since this Head thing."
"Right, so, yes, totally normal. Data point is, oral contact is not sufficient per se. Other data point would be, does this manifest as increased sensitivity?"
I looked over at Jo. "Jo?"
She said, "After him being in me just a minute or so, I could feel myself get super turned-on. He'd come then, so it might be that his ... ejaculate... is the trigger."
Dr. Bourne smiled, "Excellent use of terminology, but feel free to use the vernacular. Dr. Ruth is right. Talk the way you normally talk, I'll translate in my head."
They chuckled at each other.
Sue whimpert-talked and said, getting more cogent by the minute, "Ummmm...? I... it's ... definitely the sensitivity. But, it's also the depth he gets. He... GETS there. He's hitting bottom, like, yeah, it pulls something in my _core_, you know? Wow, that's something. Plus, I think his head is bigger, more... pronounced?"
Zan said, "Uh-huh, second that. Deeeeeeep. My core is yummy."
Dr. Bourne stood up and got a penlight flashlight out of her pocket and went over to Zan. "Going to shine a light in your eyes, don't panic."
"ooOOOOoookay."
Looking at the pupil's response told her apparently nothing from the shrug.
"Sleep it off, have fun. Apparently, your seminal fluid has some effect. Someone should follow up with each person who has reacted this way to see if there's any aftereffects, but looks fine so far. There's some literature exists on this kind of thing. But, it's so anecdotal. Mostly the 'historical records' are from when people made up lyrics to go with the lyre and harpsichord."
We all laughed. Bourne wasn't totally inert, she had a sense of humor.
I said, "I have a question. I'd like to know more about sex. Like, anatomy. Plus, what actions do things... and, maybe, how things change when people get pregnant? We all are going to see that a lot, maybe, and we should... be ready, maybe?"
Marsha said, "We had planned that but starting next month, we're just trying to get set up..."
Dr. Ruth said, "I can give some talks, if people want. Or, if there's interest, I know some textbooks - but that's Dr. Bourne's area."
Bourne nodded, "Definitely. Some good texts, though short production runs, maybe not a thousand copies all at once. We'd have to check with the publishers."
Marsha's name got called over her radio, so she left for a minute. Everyone stood up.
Xaviera asked, "So, what's it like, being the most in-demand cock on Earth?"
I laughed, "Don't know about that."
"I do. I think I signed about twelve documents promising to voluntarily go to jail should I say any single word about being here, or meeting you, or just seeing you in person."
Jo said, "Maybe you could turn over your pen to Dr. Ruth and ask her to guest-write your column. Or, Joyce Brothers or something. Some education thing."
She laughed. "Guys read me because they're done masturbating, or about to start. They read, and hopefully I entertain them enough to accidentally throw in some useful info about women being complicated and deserving of a little spin-up time before taking them for a hard ride."
One of the new girls, Jay I learned later, asked, "What about lesbians? Do they read your columns?"
"Lots, sure. And girlfriends and wives, everybody. Penthouse is only mostly men, but it has a lot of female readers, too."
Jay continued, "I think I'd like to figure out how... to do that. Kevin? I've seen you ask several girls now to lick other girls, diddle their privates. Maybe I can learn instead of ... guessing?"
Xaviera said, "Absolutely. I'd help you myself but that's off limits, also in docs I signed. There's some definite good-stuff to try, but a lot of it comes down to asking for what you want, very very plainly, and doing what the other person is asking for. It's not easy to ask for a finger up the butt, even though a lot of women want one. Or, at least to try it. At least for me, there's a good way, and a bad way, and I don't think it's hard to learn the difference. Plus, I suspect my 'go slow be gentle' preferences, at least at the start, are somewhat normal on that front."
Everyone laughed.
Dr. Ruth was nodding at this and grinning ear-to-ear.
Marsha came back in. "Goat maintenance in 30 minutes, enough time to get dressed. I presume everyone wants to be there, including Kevin."
"Yeah, no doubt!" It sounded really fun.
We trooped upstairs to dress.
== ==
The goats were Amazingly Cute. Bleating, jumping off things sideways, playing and cavorting, especially when we had handfuls of feed that the official keepers, who were training us, allowed us to feed to them. It marked us as friend-not-foe, they said, and I was okay with that.
I had been to Greektown in Chicago and had gyros, which there is goat meat, or lamb, or whatever meat they had, but I'm sure I had enough that some of it was goat.
I didn't mention this to the goats. The goats Did Not Know that I'd eaten goat meat before.
Somehow the issue of what I'd eaten most recently didn't come up when we walked by the cows, or the chickens, or even the actual sheep they had arrayed, though it's a stretch to call it walking by 'cuz they were in a farther pasture and we could barely see them.
The tasks we were set included all the standard tasks for a day, and we'd be assigned to do them randomly to help things out. I had a feeling I could bow out, but if I did, I didn't want to be elitist and maybe avoiding work would both _seem_ that way, and push me gradually towards actually _thinking_ that way.
The task wasn't just seeing the goats. We had a checklist of things to go do. Each 'station' had subtasks to be done - fill up this thing with water, even if it was only down by a half inch, or get a bag of feed from the room in this barn and put it over here, and if there were two full ones, put one back.
That task kept everyone busy carrying the same bucket back and forth, to prove to the instructor that we understood the task.
We had to count the animals and track the counts on paper, look for any limping or sickness and note it, even pick two random animals and lift their tails and see if each looked the same as the other, as a health check.
I got my stuff done before 11, which was great because I wanted to go take a shower and get all the poop off my feet and hands and all the parts of me.
Life on a farm is ... sometimes poopy.
One of the girls agreed that it would be even more poopy when there were babies making the poop, and we'd have tiny little diapers instead of cow pies to deal with.
I hadn't thought much about the practical aspects of having that many babies in the place. Some, I was sure, would be relocated to other places in the country, and maybe some people would stay. I don't think it'd been decided yet, and I didn't have a preference yet, either.
To presume I knew what I wanted, much less what I was capable of, would have been a mistake.
== ==
After taking my shower amidst the comings and goings of others (and relaxing for a few minutes), I emerged to find my gorgeous fellow shower-havers had not left, but instead had filled my bedroom, and really the whole suite, with their yummy sexy almost-not-wet-anymore bits.
We were showering a lot. But, to be fair, there were some really nice showers to use, and a lot of us.
Having some fun walking around in the main room, I started by hugging a very willing girl I didn't know (Gail, it turned out), and then delighting in squeezing her breasts for a few minutes since they were really interesting.
Gail's breasts defied gravity and my previously understood patterns of how breasts were curved. Hers jutted out from her body as a normal C or even D cup, but then instead of just having an areola and nipple, her areolas were like a stiff cap with its own radius of curvature, and were topped by nipple that extended out even farther.
Someone (upon my mentioning it and looking closely) called them "puffy", and I liked that.
I was about to explore them further when into the room walked Dr. Borne and Xaviera. Dr. Ruth was getting old and had flown in from Paris, so she was taking a nap.
Bourne and Xaviera, being older than most of them there, were given some deference and they came up to me and said hello again. I introduced them as 'experts' who were going to teach us about sex, maybe.
Bourne's expression said she wanted to ask me some questions, so I sat on the couch to answer them and the 35 people or so there relaxed with me while I answered them.
Mostly she wanted to know what I'd been doing, how many women I'd been with, etc., and was busy writing all of this down. I've always had a pretty good memory so I got the major details down for her.
After she'd gotten the history, I asked her if she could lead a 'master class' in how to stimulate a woman properly, presuming I was a normal guy.
She'd done this before!
Calling to all the girls around the room, she had us pair up and face each other.
"Notice the face, hands, breasts, groin, and feet. Inordinate number of nerves and brain tissue are devoted to senses from there. If you want to simulate someone, focus on those areas. The biggest one is the imagination, so give them things to think about."
"Now, one partner should lie down, you're group A. Group B - kneel over, straddle, their face. Face towards their heels, that's it. Now bend down and both of you spread your legs so the other one can see what's going on."
She walked around the room; everyone was in a 69.
"Look carefully, and kiss right nearby, just kiss the plain skin, not on anything. This gets them ready for further contact, anticipating. Take your fingers - get one hand right there in front of your face - and spread the lips. I'm going to point something out, and you need to imagine it."
"Imagine that under the skin on both sides, under the labial lips, are two inflatable structures a lot like a penis. They go from the top near the clitoris head, to the bottom near the anus. They inflate when you're turned on. Pet those now, with your finger, gently, and with your tongue if you can."
There were some moans from around the room.
"Those structures are now filling with blood. It's called 'spongiform tissue'. Now picture that those two parts, the inflatable bits, are fingers that jut out of a central cylinder, the clitoral body. The end of the clitoral body is the head of the clitoris, what you can see. Lick that, wide tongue, slow and steady. Slow down - drag your tongue up, take a whole second to go up, then another to go downwards. Repeat that."
There were more moans.
"There's two more lobes to the clitoral body. Those go in 3-D, into the body, along the side of the vagina. They fill up with blood too, lengthening the vagina, and adding lots of happy nerve endings to the game. That's where your G-spot is, on that part of the clitoral body."
She waited, and both she and Xaviera wandered around. Xaviera wasn't doing or saying anything at first, but a few questions came up about the taste and she clarified that it varied a lot and they'd have to experiment to find who tasted better, to them.
"That's the structure of the clitoris. It's huge. It has unbelievable numbers of nerve endings. It inflates to make sex easier and protect you when you're not having sex by collapsing things."
I loved this, by the way. I had a face-full of Gail's crotch, and a tasty chance to lick it.
She had shaved completely, and maybe even had someone else help because it was seriously bare, and suuuuuuuper soft skin. The way her mons was shaped, the cleft I should say, rode on my chin and I could do a long, slow lick up, over her clit, then into part the lips and dive in, then back out again with a little flair of a stretch.
Licking is super fun!
Her mons was really prominent, too. I'd seen it as she lowered down, but more than that I had a hard spot to push on with my chin even as my tongue got busy. That hard spot was supposedly a bone.
I'd heard it called a pubic bone, at least. I didn't know the purpose of that bone, but maybe in some past evolutionary situation we protected our inner organs with a bone plate or something and this is what remains.
Dr. Bourne continued. "Now, lick a finger and push it in the vagina, carefully, you don't want a rough fingernail to scratch anything. Inside you'll feel bumps and striations under the surface of muscles and connective tissue. Notice how those feel. Keep licking at the same time, if you can."
There were several groans from around the room, and I knew that the licking was continuing along with the fingers, so people were starting to be able to get off.
"The muscles of the vagina are arranged in adjacent bands - circular, to wrap around the cock, and lengthwise, top to bottom. These lengthwise ones connect to a set of special cells and connective tissue kind of like tendons. These have lots of nerve cells. There are nerve cells sensitive to heat, and others to pressure, and others to surface contact. So, when a penis enters the vagina, things get complicated, fast."
She took a breath, "This would be much easier with a diagram, but you'll have to use your fingers. The process of stretching out the vaginal wall as a diameter, as when the head of a penis passes by, forces that muscle to be stretched. That stimulates blood flow to the muscle. That blood flow inflates tissues that then pull away from other surfaces to turn sensory nerve cells. The cells had been a solid mass, but, expanded, they're turned on and waiting."
"Likewise, the lengthwise muscles are forced to expand, but are pulled by the circular ones. The penis and vagina are compatible and cooperate to ensure the maximum possible stimulation reaches the female brain, and the male brain, too."
"Of course, all these muscles can work together also during childbirth, but most of the childbirth work is done by the uterus. That's a talk for another day. For now, I'd like the A partners, on the bottom, to give some good orgasms, if they can, to the B partners, on top. B group, you can relax and let it happen. At the end of this, you'll get the chance to come, too."
"Oh, one more thing. Most fingers are only 3 inches long. You're not going to reach the bottom. The only body part that can do that is a penis, and there's only one of those in this room."
Seeing a chance for comedy, I let a whoop, "Who-Whooooooo!"
Everyone laughed.
== ==
I decided I wanted a little time with Gail alone, since most of my activity had been super-public that morning, so after I licked her to orgasm, we went off to the back room and lay on a bed with a closed door.
Gail's most startling feature, as I mentioned, were her breasts, and she was so turned on by my licking that her puffy areolas were fully erect. Her nipples jutted forwards, too, though they were in a normal size range just atop her splendidly unique areolas.
She was not a virgin, she'd had a boyfriend the previous year and even recently had been going out with a guy on the debate team, she said in passing.
I didn't pry. It's not good to ask details about former boyfriends when you're naked, turned on, and about to have sex. Rule of life, there.
Her preference was for missionary, for me on top. I liked the face-to-face personal nature of it, since it let us kiss and be gentle with each other for a while. Of course, as we did, we both could feel my cock rubbing against wherever - her abdomen or leg, etc.
I was seriously turned on.
She bent up, and I sat up and shifted upwards so she could lick me, and then I repositioned and planked over her. Planking was a new thing for exercise we'd just learned about, and I liked the term. I was wood - I had wood - I was hard and shafty, or something. It just rang funny to me.
Gail was not hard and shafty. Gail was soft and muscular and curvy and wet and happy to be there. We kissed one last time and I pushed inwards, feeling the head of my cock enter the oh-so-soft, accepting and ready pussy she held for me. I didn't get the tremendously tight feeling I had from some others, but that just served to accentuate the differences.
Her open-mouthed breathe-gasping and jaw-thrusting matched her eyebrows going straight up. She wanted this. She wanted me. I smiled with her, caring about her, and her eyes reflected that back.
I asked her, "Tell me what you're feeling? What is this like, for you?"
She nodded, trying to get words in between some kind of overwhelmed sensations she was getting. "I never had this with Tom. We were always rushed. Even when we had time, his parents weren't home yet, he felt rushed. This? This is heaven. We're taking whatever time. You... your fingers, your touch, what you did to me out there..."
"Kinda fun?"
"You have... no idea, Kevin. I've never had that from a guy, even... on myself, NOTHING felt like that. Nothing... feels like this... Oh, God, you're poking soooo deep, making me ... complete. I'm... FULL of you..."
We moved against each other, her hands tracing designs on my back tenderly, my arms holding me up. She said, "Rest against me. Don't hold yourself up. Give me your weight..."
I did, letting myself down, and she hugged me to her tighter. "I wanted this. With ... He wasn't ... you're going slow, it's ... sooooo right. Just... right. How do I ... woooowww... Uhnnnngg...."
Pushing my hips up and in further, I could curl my lower back and hips to get just a little more depth, and I used it, again feeling, and knowing, my cock-head had expanded out more and was making her tunnel vibrate and zip-unzip as I moved.
I asked, "More... What are you feeling?"
She nodded, "Your penis... your... cock, your big fucker... it's... making... the walls of my ... vagina, I can feel it against them, the longer you're in there, the more I can feel being caressed and bent, in tiny ways.... At ...THERE, ohyeahthere...All the way innnn... Just stay there a moment...?"
Staying still, buried to the hilt, I waited a moment, then made tiny thrusts while in all the way.
"YYyryryryryysssssssssthaaaaayyyrrrrrrrr... ohmygodomygodooooomygodooohhhh...."
Her twinges on the end of my cock started vibrating and then went into pulsing mode - grab, grab, grab, and her body went stiff in orgasmic abandon.
This girl under me, this beautiful body, this pretty face, this sexy beast, but also this normal person I sort-of knew before but hadn't really talked to much, she was attached to me and going crazy with bliss. I had to smile, i was giving her this gift, this ultimate-engagement in her body's ability to make Happiness.
I'd been in her maybe four minutes or five, it wasn't out of the range of normal for a girl to orgasm while I was in there, but I liked the sharing time, too, like we'd just done. Now, she was a joy machine, and my cock was getting All The Feeelings, jerked by her insides, her breasts and muscles shifting beneath me.
I wanted to come, too, so I started moving again, more forcefully since she was moving as well and I had to control where she was, and where I was. Her legs came up and her hips rotated, too, giving me even more depth, but mostly I pushed her back and held her in a tight hug while my hips jackhammered into her with reckless abandon.
Cock slamming in, out, and slam-in, and out, even picking up speed, my vision clouded and insides tightened. I was there. I wanted this. I wanted ALL of this, the Whole of Her, the ramming and the slamming, and her body against mine and I held it.
I held her, I hugged her tightly with more arm strength than I might have known I had.
And, I came.
Spurting huge, clenching from deep in me moving across and out and INTO her, I knew, I was PUMPING each thrust-cumspurt PUMP up and INTO herrr oohhhnnnffffrrrrrrggg yesssszzz FUUUUUUkkyeahh....
I gasped at the strength of my come and felt the beauty of it, flowing through me. Eyes ablaze from behind, fireworks and head-pounding release of Rightness, tension GONE and there and GONE, a pulse that pushed cum into her.
And, into her.
She was still coming. She hadn't really stopped. Her grip wasn't as strong, I could tell she was physically tired. Her eyes opened and gave me such a look of loving-kindness, it matched my stroking as we both blinked near the depth of the downstroke.
We stopped, I caught my breath, and she still struggled with convulsions of orgasms. I couldn't help her stop without pulling out, and I wanted to be there a minute.
Not moving against her helped her calm down, though, at least I thought so.
I kissed her face, her lips were distracted since she had to do a kind of bearing down as she grunted with the orgasms.
Rolling over, finally, on my back next to her, the bed's cool sheets comforting my back, I hummed, "Hmmmmmm...." with a satisfaction that I'd had a lot recently. This was different, though. This was more deeply satisfying. I'd had a chance to build a one-on-one with Gail, and we'd talked, and I had gotten looks from her that said she really cared about me.
Granted, looks of love during sex were probably not valid. I had to consider that.
Gail was still breathing oddly, panting in jerky gasps. I said, "Gail. Calm down, deep breaths..."
Her breath did change, very fast. She'd done what I asked. I wondered what else she would do if I asked. Trouble was, I didn't need anything.
I had more sex options now than any other time ever, and here it was, a chance to tell a girl to do something odd like blow me on a train, and we had no trains. Plus, she'd just do it anyway if I asked nicely, probably. All bets were off now.
I wondered aloud. "Gail? Are you happy?"
She replied but it was kind of a gurgle-moan.
She was tired.
I was starting to feel silly. I said in an odd voice, "Gail. I want you to seduce and abandon the sheriff of Rock Ridge."
We waited. She didn't get the reference, I figured, so I just laid back.
Finally, like 3 minutes later, she said, "My Name is not Lillie Von Schtup."
I turned over back to her and hugged her from the side, resting my head on the side of her chest, staring down at her amazing breast, then cupping it with my hand and squeezing it to play.
She had a half-smile and said, "Careful. That's going to be suckling your child soon."
I laughed, "Sure, but in the meantime, I can enjoy it... this Mountainous Gobsmacker you have. Wowzers! Makes me just want to suck it full time."
"Go ahead."
I turned over more and nuzzled, then sucked gently, then played with her nipple more, and sucked and delighted in the mouth feel.
A couple of times she warned me, 'Easy, easy...' so I took it down a notch.
There was a knock on the door, very light.
I looked up at Gail's face, then over to the door and called out, "What is it?"
From the other side, someone said, "Lunch soon?"
I called back, "Out in 5 minutes."
Gail said quietly, "I am kind of hungry, too."
Rubbing my hand over her flat stomach and up, then down over her lower abdomen to her small patch of carefully trimmed pubic hair and up again to where I thought her uterus was, "I filled you up already. One specific spot."
"And that's gonna get bigger and bigger and I'm gonna be a whale. I know. My aunt was a whale. But my cousins are SOOOOO cute. She didn't get her figure back though. She's kind of stayed larger."
"We have this glorious farm to work on. And, stairs to climb."
"They'd better turn the elevators back on by the time we're, uh, 'heavy with child'?"
I laughed, "Hope so, too." Looking up at her face then sitting up on one elbow so I could be closer and look her in the eye, "You really are really beautiful, Gail. I've seen your insides. I've seen your outsides. Frontside and backside, I've seen you. I like what I see."
She accepted that without saying anything.
I added, "And, the part that's behind your eyes, I like that a lot, too. I'm sorry things can be different. I think picket fences with you might be a lot of fun."
There was a popular song with a reference to picket fences as being domestic. It fit.
Her eyes got misty, and a tear dropped out. She said, "Kev, if this job of yours doesn't work out, find me. I think our parts fit together. The metaphorical ones, too."
I nodded, and said, "Definitely. I gotta warn you. I leave my socks on the floor. You'd have to cope, or pick them up for me. I'm sometimes ... a freakin' idiot."
She smiled and another tear fell. "And sometimes I fart. You'd have to cope, too."
I tilted my head and kissed her, softly.
As we pulled away from the kiss, I said, "Farting, eh? She's not an Airedale, she's my 'Airy-Gail."
She laughed big, relieving the tension of what was seeming to be an impending loss. We wouldn't be able to do other things, she and I. We both had obligations. But, I liked the idea.
Her reply was, "Okay. He's calling me a dog."
"Not my meaning." I grinned at her.
She shrugged, looked sideways with a grin and said, "Well, I am your bitch."
Moving in and giving her another peck of a kiss, both our eyes open, I said, "I guess I know what position we should use next time."
She laughed, "There's no next time. There's too many women here. I hope this takes, but if it doesn't... I would like another chance."
Getting up, I said, "If you make babies like you make boobies, they'll be smart AND beautiful."
She was getting up, too. "My boobs are not smart."
I turned around and bent over, looking at one from close up and speaking to it, "Okay, boobie! What's the square root of 459,000?!?" I'd picked a large number at random.
Reaching down with one hand, she cupped her breast and shook it in time with her words and said in a muffled voice, "Six hundred seventy-seven!"
Dismissing this as fanciful, I leaned in and kissed the nippled, gently (per instructions) and then stood and kissed her lips.
She took my hand and we headed out to the party, opening the door to find the room with only about 10 people in it. The doctors were gone.
Jo was sitting outside on a towel, naked as the day is long, and oh, so very pretty.
I said jauntily, "Heya, my pretty-Jo!... What's the square root of 459,000?"
She raised an eyebrow and said, "I have no freakin' idea!"
I was feeling cheeky and said, "Guess."
Her eyes went up in her head and she said, "Uh... huh... So, 300 is 90k, 500 is 250k, ... seven...no, six, uh, say, 650-ish? Six-sixty?"
From behind me, Gail came up and laughed, then pulled her boob up and walked over to Jo, putting it in her face and making it "talk" again, "Silly! It's 677!"
Jo and her laughed.
I said, "Jo, you just have to suck on that boob a minute. It's sooo tasty, like and the feel in my mouth? Her areola is just fun, like, on the tongue."
Her face as she looked at me raised one eyebrow and she sighed kind of long, like this was a chore, but she was having fun, so she stood up and put the book she was reading down, sat on the armchair's arm, and Gail fed it to her.
One thing for Jo, when she commits, she goes all-in. She gently grasped the breast on both sides, lifting it to her slightly, looked around it, kissed gently all around the areola, then opened her mouth wide, experimentally, tongue sort-of out, and pulled in the whole areola and nipple.
There were others around watching this including me, and I saw smiles and a little sitting forward on their seats.
Gail's eyebrows went up and she inhaled, "Ooooooo yeahhhhhh...that's right.... Suck the boobie, love that..."
Jo made a satisfied, "MmmmmMMMMmmmm" sound, then pulled Gail into a hug from around her back, let go with her mouth, and stood up. They looked at each other, kind of surprised to be there, I think, but Jo closed her eyes and tilted her head, and so did Gail, and they kissed.
This wasn't a peck.
This was Jo, naked, her breasts pressing in, and Gail, naked, her breasts compressing likewise. They were about the same height, so mostly this was together. I watched their butts clench, too, and arms encircle each other in an embrace.
Commenting, I said, "Thissss! This is what I LOVE seeing. Sexy, affectionate. Happy-making."
Jo pulled away after maybe a minute. I'd settled into a seat nearby to watch, so I heard Jo say, "My thigh is wet."
Gail breathed, "Kevin... filled me up. I'm leaking."
Jo's hand went down Gail's side, then up her leg. They were eye-to-eye and whispered something, and then Jo's hand went up between Gail's legs and over her sex, moving around. Breaking that after a moment, Jo parted her own legs and used her other hand to pull her lips apart, then press the hand wet from Gail into her own sex, biting her lip at the same time.
They said something back and forth and nodded.
I was hungry, and out of the corner of my eye I saw a pair of older ladies emerge from the doorway towards the music room, carrying a small briefcase.
They looked over at us but then held up their hands to the side of their faces so they couldn't see any more and walked to the door, quickly leaving.
Near the door, Janice (redhead, cross-country, B-cup, very fit) was lounging about, so I called over, "Janice? Who were they?"
"Piano tuners. Official U.S. Air Force Military Band piano tuners, they said."
"Who plays?"
"Oh, I do. I've been waiting. Want to try it out?"
"After lunch?"
"Right. Now?"
We headed for the door, grabbing small sitting-towels to go with. Only maybe 8 of us were ready; Gail wanted to stay behind and get dressed, and that made sense.
The lunch menu was a giant taco salad with sparse meat but a lot of different kinds of cheese and greens in a taco bowl. I hadn't had that before and I really liked it.
About halfway through the meal, Peacock came in and sat down, not getting food, but that apparently didn't matter because one of the kitchen staff came over with a tray and a cup of coffee.
"Report is you got training from Bourne. What you wanted?"
I was chewing and held up a finger to finish and think. "... Yes, as a start. I figure, she's told us the big outlines, the subjects I need to learn, but not most of the detail yet."
"Understood."
She started eating, too, and we let the idea hang there.
After she swallowed the next bit, she said, "I have a request. Help out the CDC guys - fill a condom, say, once a day or so. Drop it into liquid nitrogen, those thermoses like I know you saw back at Glenview, know what I'm talking about?"
I nodded, a kind of shrugging smile, "Sure. Easy enough. I still like sex, but sure, one a day is fine."
"You haven't signed any documents about this."
"Yeah?"
"So my leadership says I need to tell you. Here's the skinny. Those samples, they're going to go not just for microscopes. I'm verbally telling you, they're going to use those for in-vitro fertilization. You have rights... to be informed."
She'd been smiling, but the undertone I got was her saying she was covering her ass by saying that, but we both knew it already.
"I figured. Fine with me. I'd like... to know later, the results of that. That's my condition - I want to know the results of that. I'm not asking for visitation, or parental rights necessarily. I just... want some measure of what happened, maybe later on, some news of how any of them are doing, health-wise, life... progress-wise, I guess.."
"Hmm... I'll pass that along. Not sure if it's my call, but I can pass messages."
We chatted about playing soccer and other games for gym classes, and how we were going to finish our school stuff if we didn't have any teachers.
Peacock laughed. The rest of the table just smiled, and I think I was out of the joke.
"What?"
She pointed around, "There's 500 people here, roundabouts. 143 from your high school, working on some holdouts and those from one grade up-down from you, will rotate those in. The others, we've filled in? Pulled them from other high schools, yeah, but mostly - they're either athletes or master's students. Some doctorates, but young. Engineering, classics, literature, what have you."
I looked around.
She laughed, "You are quite literally surrounded by the best, brightest, and prettiest group of young women probably ever assembled in these United States. Fertile, too. Aside from your high school group, and we've tested those, some have minor plumbing problems, we'll figure it out."
I nodded.
"Every one of these Other women, though, we hope, should be fertile enough to get pregnant if you look at them funny. And, you seem to be doing some _looking_ already."
She was smiling.
I said, "You're ... 'smiling broadly' and I'm..." motioning with my eyes to look out at those eating, "am smiling at broads."
My humor was lame, I know.
Appreciating, though, I added, "Whatever criteria you used, for everyone, short notice? Gotta say, Very, Very pretty. You're right on that front. My big concern, one of them, though, is... some of these women - maybe a lot of them - had boyfriends or husbands already, right? It's ... It seems unethical to ... interfere with that."
"Not your concern, Kevin. We operate by something called, 'informed consent'. Everyone is fully informed of what's gonna happen. Everyone has to agree or they're excluded. No hidden agendas. No lack of clarity. Everyone here, they know the stakes, they know what role they can play in this. They're each gonna be very well compensated, we have money for that, it's gonna be an inconvenience, and from a legal and moral perspective, it's perfectly fine to compensate people for their inconvenience."
She paused, taking a bite of a sandwich someone had brought her.
I took a bite of mine.
"Maybe just a few of them, that was a consideration, though. Most - they said Yes. Stepped up. Righteous people. 'Hooah!!', as my branch says."
My lips thin and squinting, I said, "I hope I'm equal to that."
"We'll see. Lookin' good so far. Keep your head up, and if you have problems, Marsha's your liaison, but feel free to tell your guard-shack gal anything you want. Our default is to keep info-flow tight so you're ... so you can be open and we can prevent problems."
I switched topic. "I'm getting kind of itchy to go running. I've been on cross country and track, and this ... I need to get some miles in, maybe. Didn't bring my shoes or jockstrap, that stuff. Can I get a chance to go out? I presume I'll need an escort."
She nodded, "I'll get your stuff sent over. New shoes, equipment, same brand and sizes okay?"
"Sure."
An aide I didn't recognize sitting near her who had been jotting notes got that down fast. I had hope it would probably happen. They'd been good about getting stuff done. The piano tuner thing had surprised me.
"Say, before I came down, I saw there were two piano tuners there to help out. That was super-fast. Thank you for helping."
I'd been talking to Peacock, but the aide spoke up, "You're welcome. It's amazing how fast things happen if we can spec out a request."
'And, you are?"
"Mitnick. Julianne Mitnick."
I smiled, "Julianne. So, you cut things sideways."
Her smile was tolerant.
I laughed and apologized.
Peacock asked casually, "So, when are you in rotation, Captain?"
Mitnick answered Peacock, "8 days to greenband, ma'am."
My mouth was full by this time, so all I could do was nod. I wondered what was going to happen in the coming days, and apparently this whip-smart Air Force officer (and a looker at that) would be there to help out.
We finished and headed out. The air was kind of cool, and i was getting a lot of stares in the cafeteria.
Frankly, i could understand that. They were looking at me because they'd be interacting with me at some upcoming point, and they rightly were concerned what kind of person I was, really.
Stopping at the door to the cafeteria, I looked back to see Peacock still chatting with Mitnick and another two women who had stopped by. Taking an initiative, I told my 'retinue' to hold on and went back to Peacock. My progress back into the cafeteria was noted.
She looked up, "Yes?"
"I know about 20% of my high school class well enough to say I've ever chatted with them long enough to make any impression at all. That's a whole lot more than the people you've ... brought in, I think."
She shrugged, so I went on.
"I think it'd be a good thing for me to meet with, say, 100 people at once, where I'm wearing clothes and they are, too, where it's kind of social and normal and not so bizarre. They want to know who I am, and even if they've heard lots of things, it's not the same as listening to me talk, I think."
Mitnick was taking notes about what I was saying, I waited for her to stop writing before I kept going. "So, could you, maybe, arrange a 'mixer' thing, where I get a question-and-answer session, 100 at once or something, where they can see me talk and decide if I'm a schmuck or a nice guy or somewhere in between?"
One of the other girls there, I didn't know her, said, "You sure you want to do that? You have this whole 'mystery guy' thing down, that's kind of attractive by itself. Familiarity breeds contempt, you might get rejected or something."
I laughed, "Oh - and if I'm rejected, then I'll only have 250 freakishly beautiful hyperintelligent women chasing after me wanting sex?"
They all smiled. The girl who'd raised the question looked up in a giving up shrug.
I held out my hand to her, "Kevin Kooper."
She was confused but shook my hand, "Elizabeth Fenimore Cooper, with a C."
"Excellent name, Elizabeth."
"I'll pass on your comment to my parents."
Being struck by the humor of it suddenly, I added, "Our children's grandparents, you mean."
Her silent deep sigh told me she was nervous about that part, so I said, "I'm sorry. I'm naked and cold and horny and surrounded and lifted up, all at the same time. I look forward to meeting you in better circumstances...? And maybe spending some time chatting about your namesake. I've only read one of his books and it was pretty epic. I'm sure you are, too."
She nodded, her face opening up to be both honest and worried. She just said, super-quietly, "Sir."
Looking at back at Peacock, I said, "Gimme a day to think up what I'll say to these people, so maybe day after tomorrow, one group in the morning, one in the afternoon, until I'm done?"
"We'll see what we can do."
Thanking her, I made my way back over to my group and we went upstairs while I explained what it was I wanted to do.
When I got into the room, I could vaguely hear the piano being played, so I headed in. There were quite a few women in the main room sitting around reading, and the turn-on factor from them all being naked still got to me.
I've really been a horn-dog lately, I thought, and I was probably very correct.
Janice was playing the piano, trying get a piece down by someone named Oscar Peterson, and it had a lot of notes to play. The sheet music was impressive.
She laughed as she saw me, a huge smile on her face about getting to play the piano. "This.. THIS! This is the Single Best Piano I've ever touched. Oh My God."
"Sounds nice enough."
The raised incredulous eyebrows and shaking-head said 'you have no idea' and I came in to lean on the side.
A smaller gal named Terri was standing there near me, and as I stood near her, she hugged me from the side. I'd had a class with her at some point, I was pretty sure. We introduced ourselves and she looked up, her head a little low for me but she wanted to be kissed.
I thought, why not, and bent down to kiss her, feeling her inhale as I did, and her hands start roaming all over me.
This was a nice way to listen to music!
My hands found her breasts, caressing and pulling at them in gentle ways to see if that would have an effect - it did - and her hands started moving down my torso, too.
I heard someone say, "Fluffer?"
I said, "Please, yes," and it wasn't 5 seconds before a hot wet mouth sucked my already half-up cock in.
Janice was having fun playing, and looking over at me, too. She'd gotten a share of sperm in the previous nights, but no deep dicking, i think, but I think she was happy to be useful by giving us some musical accompaniment.
My fingers found Terri's sex and she was Very Very Ready, so I wondered how we were going to do it. There wasn't any kind of seat or bench or anything, and I didn't want to do it on the floor.
Looking to my left, I picked a taller girl and asked, "I'd like to do this standing up, with Terri, but she might need lifting? We really need a nice bench in here - something adjustable!"
She laughed but agreed, and with someone else, I got Terri lifted up to have her wrap her legs around my hips. The girls on either side helped me support her butt, and quickly, my cock found a home Right Up and IN THERE, Yeah!!!
Terri's face almost immediately went into ready-to-sneeze mode of wanting Yes-factor, and all I had to do was have slide up and in, then out a little and up again.
The coordination with the girls helping me took some getting used to, along with Terri's own gripping legs trying to shift on me. I hadn't made love standing up before.
After a minute or two of that (maybe closer to three) I shifted over to put Terri's back against a wall, some kind of acoustic foam, which supported us nicely.
Looking left, a girl walked in carrying a thermos and a small jar.
I knew what that was.
Head-motioning her over, I asked, "Can you get one of those out and get it onto me quickly if I pull out? Leave a LOT of space at the tip, I've been making a lot of cum."
She nodded fast, ripped open a package and used her finger to make sure she had it right, then knelt near me. The two girls who had helped support me coordinated, and I wasn't out more than 15 seconds, a quick suck-in to get the condom wet making my re-entrance still work.
Terri wondered with her face, and I said, "Sperm Donation. You're helping LOTS of women get pregnant, I think."
She smiled but was mostly lost to the feelings anyway, and finished her climb to coming, convulsing on me enough to get me that much closer so that I, too, came, thrusting hard and groaning, all with amazing piano music behind me.
Life is good.
== ==
My pattern for the rest of that afternoon was almost certainly abnormal in the extent and frequency of making love.
At the suggestion of a girl named Micah, we lined up willing girls face up on her back and face down on top of the first, legs. Up one down, so there pussies were right next to each other.
This was set up all ahead of time with a third girl licking both of them until they were good and ready, then calling me in for a little fluffing and then taking the plunge.
I was gentle with those that were virgins, pushing in briefly pulling out, going to the other girl for a minute or two, then going back and going slow into them.
Switching between the girls. Minute was too short, and 2 minutes was too long, so we settled by experiment on 90 seconds each.
Having some help from other girls on their clitorises while I either pushed in them or the other one, both girls got great orgasms and I could come into both of them.
The idea Micah had was to see if I could keep this up once an hour and if so, great, if not we could slow down.
Making love next to the piano was at 1:00 p.m. The first double was at 2:00, then three, four, five, and at 6:00 when I finished I was really hungry.
I was also cold. I had spent most of the day without clothes on and really wanted to have a shirt and sweatshirt on to warm up again.
Dinner time, for once in over 24 hours, was one where I could actually be dressed. Dressed!! It felt good, relaxing even. I think we might have surprised peacock and Marcia by doing that, but it's my prerogative, I figured.
Most of the substance of dinner was a big salad, with mashed sweet potatoes with skins on and a bunch of steamed vegetables that were almost crunchy but not quite. It was super, super tasty.
It could also be that I was just really hungry and anything that they served me I would have been amazed by.
After dinner we went back up to the room, all 50 of us, drew random numbers for who was going to sleep there overnight.
Since we had missed 7:00, Micah set the process going again at 8:00, 9, 10, and 11:00.
I had worked my way through 16 girls in an afternoon and evening.
With 48 in the room. Initially, and each girl being on call for 4 days, four times 16 is 48. Technically I was just barely keeping up.
We all kind of laughed at this but I was still having fun and mostly within the normal time frame for making love. Dr. Ruth said that was about 5 to 7 minutes for the actual act and that matched our experience.
Granted the girls had to spend longer than that since they're warm up took longer than mine did.
In between, we had the TV on and watched whatever was on. It was kind of boring to watch the three station options and absolutely no other shows.
I walked over and asked the security guard if they could arrange for a VCR and the entire library of every movie ever made. I kind of said it as a joke, but at the same time I did want a slightly larger than average selection available.
When I got back to the girls and described what I'd asked for, they laughed and said, why don't you get some pornos too. Maybe they can get some of those. But, you might have to be 21 to rent them.
We all laughed at the possibility that I wasn't old enough to rent pornos but I was sitting in a room with 48 naked women that wanted to have sex with me.
After everyone who wasn't staying the night left, we settled in and worked out a system that let me get some sleep, too.
I slept well, being interrupted in the middle of the night twice, but with four sperm donations into a condom but it didn't matter. I was just super turned on by everyone and the soft skin next to me just let me relax and fall asleep fast afterwards.
Sleep. Glorious Sleep.
The next morning, I woke to the alert for calisthenics but someone called in from the near-front-door area and pointed to a bunch of shoe boxes and duffle bags.
Running shoes!
The bounty was mostly for me, but there were many sizes there for everyone else in the room to contend fro, as well as nice running shorts, jockstraps, t-shirts, sweats, light jackets, etc.
Some were even the brand that sold the super-expensive 'gore-tex' one-way wicking fabrics that we all wanted.
We all got dressed and headed out, and I was loving the idea of getting to run again after having sat out for almost a week at that point.
Something about running in a new place, in a crisp early morning, made me feel super alive. I noticed one of the girls running near me was the gal I'd met on the plane, who had just been diverted from "sapper school" so I asked her for more details on what they taught.
She laughed and said she didn't know because she hadn't been there yet. But, that said, she knew about the kinds of things that she was going to be learning, mostly being a combat engineer - clearing landmines, building emergency pontoon bridges, finding a way to breach a fortification with creative use of explosives, etc.
Kinda fun to learn this just running along.
As for her running style?
It was Really Really Damned Efficient. Frankly I wasn't used to seeing such capability in the girls I'd seen running in high school. I'm not trying to put down high school girl runners, it's just that it's a skill to be efficient and when you look at someone who can do it well, it just seems effortless.
Reflecting, it made perfect sense, this was a person who had trained to be physically fit through high school through college and had been trained by military experts and how to do things efficiently.
We got back and headed down immediately to breakfast, not even stopping to shower. I knew that if I stopped to shower I would get diverted and end up making love for an hour and I was more hungry than that.
At the door to the cafeteria was a giant stack of textbooks that all said, "Human Sexuality" on the cover. There was a sign over them that said, 'take one as you leave' and another one that said, 'chapters 1 through 4 by tonight, discussion sections at 7:00 p.m, here, main cafeteria'
The idea that my suggestions were taken seriously had been reinforced before, but it struck me, this was something that just about everybody in the place could use as solid lifetime knowledge.
That is, except for Dr. Ruth and Dr. Borne, who probably could have written textbooks with this material.
I hadn't seen them for a while, and I wondered if they were even staying in the same building as us.
Going back upstairs after breakfast, those of us that had gone running got showers and I had a chance to sit around and chat with everyone.
There were so many people that I barely knew in my class and I just wanted to know them more. It's one thing to make love with someone, it's another thing to have a personality behind a face and appreciate who they are as people.
I saw more books being brought out by the girls waiting around, when we weren't all chatting, a lot of them were reading. I wondered if they would be able to keep academics going.
I could understand how if you were in the middle of a class and all of a sudden you had to stop, it would be very hard to pick that stuff up again.
Skipping Forward
The above is a compilation of what I wrote in journal entries up until about 3 years ago, when the arrival and departure of so many companions grew to pretty epic levels.
Doing sperm collection solved many of the problems of growing my biological family, but I eventually found (okay, last year) I had to ignore other considerations and build a somewhat 'normal' family structure of the twelve women I knew best and found the most interesting.
For my Joy Dozen, I rejoice and love and they love me, and we're all Good.
The others, the ones who I've interacted with by making love with them and changing their abilities to become so quickly orgasmic? They are living elsewhere, incognito, and supposedly are living normal lives far from me.
I've asked and they've been studied and it turns out they're mostly normal, now. The effect of my ejaculate on them was semi-long-lived, but not permanent.
My first kids came and were joyous and I was joyous and wow and that's a thing, now, and I'm not going to talk about it because if I do I might say more than I should about things that would give them away and put their lives at risk. So, I'm gonna shut up.
I wish you well, the rest of the Human Race, and I'm glad that my Floaty Head Kevin cousin was able to fix the environment and the path of humankind before it was too late.
At least, we're pretty sure it's getting better. We could still mess it up. We used to be doomed. We may still be doomed. But, we're trying and that's something humans have gotten good at.
The rest of you, reading this - keep Trying. Make the world better. Don't depend on another Giant Floaty Head to come rescue you. If love isn't giving you answers, redefine attractiveness to be realistic, work on your own problems, admit your faults and ask your friends for more clues what they are, fix what you can, and start loving more.
That's all I got.
Be Blessed, wherever you are. I have been, and I hope just a little has rubbed off on you.
== ==
The End
== ==
Personae
CAVEAT: no resemblance to any person living or dead should be implied or inferred, names are invented to protect the innocent and guilty alike. Famous persons are not described realistically, this is what OTHER people who happen to have the same name as those famous people, would act like, if they existed).:
Maj. Gen. Elise Peacock, USAF
Jan Walters, on plane. Ranger.
Becky Southfield chorus incredible body, far out of my league
Simone Vandervals: taller than me. rail thin, sprinter jumper track, soccer. Black, short flip-dreads., a generally quiet demeanor.
Besta Gonazlez hispanic and utterly average looking, said cool stuff about animals
Janice Adams: redhead cross country
Jo Parstinelli, a super-thin girl I knew from my English class the previous year. I'd always wanted to ask her out. out of my league - facially super-pretty, valedictorian.
Cara Lyons- Blonde, medium-heavy set, big boobs but saggy,
Kelli Nestor. volleyball, tall, totally athletic, nasty sneer.
personal guard, sir. Delta forces, Special Operations Command, Major Sema Kotter,
Vansha - indian - had originally said no
Concierge: Captain Marsha Rollins, red hair
Night 1: Jodi Tiberius Sandoval: First girl. Band and track.
Night 2: Alice Jungfrau, black shoulder length hair huge boobs lacrosse athletic
Original Navy women; Beth and Cindi
Linda, Greg: my parents
Marie Garza: Black hair hispanic C-cup tennis, going out with someone. Rockin' body, doesn't want to show it off, slouches.
Angela, guard shack woman. Marine. Hair very short, but very straight.
Dr. Ruth Westheimer
Xaviera Hollander
Dr. Christine Bourne, Prof. Clinical Psychiatry, U.C. Berkeley med school
Aisha Hassani. Tufts engineering, junior high named after her. Giant DD boobs.
Larissa, gym class sex, fluffer is Debbie
Debbie Coulson: gym class. Pretty, average, nice boobs dangled on me, high school
Mindy McCall, known in Jr. HS, average if not slightly larger than normal.
Jody Sinclair: sheltered girl, out with a football player, thought was slutty, born again christian.