I hope you enjoy this story. Please provide me feedback. This story includes contact between parent and an adult child that may be offensive to some. While not incest, if any contact offends you, please don't read.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN, with my thanks!
Background to my story
My name is Lance Padmore, probably the luckiest man ever. When you hear my story I am sure you will agree. I am forty-six as this story begins. I am an architect. I married a fantastic woman, Terry, as I graduated from Cincinnati School of Architecture when I was twenty-two. She was a wonderful wife and mother to our son. I went to work for a large architectural design firm in Cincinnati before starting my own firm. We grew it to four principal architects and achieved a nationwide reputation for our creative designs.
One of my first clients when I started my firm was Max Rayburn, owner of Max Construction. I met him while working with my original employer. Over the years we became not just business acquaintances but friends. He and his wife, Eva, were friends to both Terry and me. We belonged to the same country club. I thought we knew all about them. But they had one big secret.
Max and I were very similar physically. Both average build, five ten or eleven and one hundred and seventy or eighty pounds. Both with light brown hair. Both stayed fit but nothing exceptional. I think people would say I was more handsome but Max had the more likeable face.
Max bought a six-acre parcel of land early on, planning to build his dream home when they had enough money. When he got ready to build he offered me a deal. If I would design his house, he would sell me half of the land for his original purchase price. We got lucky and Cincinnati grew with high end houses in the area. The land was worth many times what he paid. So, I naturally made the deal. We lived next door to each other for about five years before this story starts. Both houses were large and positioned on the lots to have small front yards and large wooded areas in back. Terry and I had a pool while their back yard was more of a wooded garden.
When the four of us went out for the evening, Eva was always the quiet one. She revealed very little about herself. She was never out of control or over the top with anything including liquor. We knew she was very smart with a master's degree in mathematics with University of Cincinnati and had almost finished a PhD program when she became pregnant with her first child and only child Emma. Eva wanted to be home with Emma for the first few years as all the research showed that was the best thing for the child. She told Terry and I that she intended to go back to get her PhD and teach. But what she did instead was to get interested in the stock market. She was so good with numbers it didn't take long for both Max and Eva to realize she could make money growing the money from Max Construction. According to Max, Eva took a nest egg they had managed to save and grew it into a large amount within the first five years. She did get a CFP license but became a small hedge fund manager for a few wealthy people. As the story started I didn't know how successful she had been.
Eva's madden name was Baumann. Baumann in German means farmer. She looked like one of the large boned women that would have worked on a German farm. Blondish hair, wide set light blue eyes, large mouth and lips, high cheek bones and pale complexion. She was large all over. Not fat mind you just large being about five feet nine inches tall and sturdy. Before this story starts that is about all I could say. I had never seen her dressed in anything that showed her figure. It was hard to hide the broad hips and large breasts but that is all I could tell. Emma as she was growing up was becoming the spitting image of Eva. Both had beautiful faces.
Eva's parents had immigrated from Germany and by Eva's telling her father Peter was very stern. He came to America to teach Mathematics and was very hard on Eva growing up. She told Terry and I one night that he was very disappointed with her marrying and leaving University before achieving a PhD in Mathematics. Eva only lacked her dissertation from the University of Cincinnati. Eva was almost the opposite of Max. Max was very outgoing and liked by everyone which was one of the reasons for his success in construction. Eva was very reserved, shy and awkward socially. I could easily see her as a Math Professor. She was a geek. I always thought Terry was the only person she really confided in. Terry had told me one time that she thought Eva was very complex and what we saw was a mirage.
My son John and Emma were buddies while they were growing up. Even though John was older, Emma was somewhat of a tomboy and tried to keep up with a very macho boy. Emma came over and shared the pool a lot. She was very awkward during her teen years. She had spurts of growth that made her look ungainly until after John left for the Marines. The last thing John saw of Emma; she was in braces and only beginning to develop a voluptuous figure. Emma changed a lot from fifteen to eighteen.
Two years before my story starts, the four of us were friends, John already a Marine and Emma close to graduating from high school. Both our firms were doing well. Then came a period where we weren't so lucky. It started when I lost Terry. She died of a Congenital Heart Disease. She was at the gym at the club in an aerobics class and just dropped dead with no warning. I was devastated. Unfortunately, John was about to deploy to Iraq and couldn't stay after the funeral. I didn't cope well. I couldn't work for a period of time, so I sold my portion of the firm I started to the other partners. Luckily we had chosen a generic name, Creative Design Partners. I basically wondered around directionless for a year. Then I got myself together and started taking projects but decided to just work out of my home and contract to my old firm.
After Terry's death, Max was particularly attentive to me but Eva not so much. It seemed to me I reminded her that she had lost her one true friend, Terry. With Max being busy with his construction business and me on hiatus, we had less and less to do with each other. I did start to date a little but nothing serious. It was very hard for me to like anyone as I compared them to Terry. I thought it wasn't possible for me to find anyone like her.
The second shoe fell about six months before the start of my story. Max was on a job site inspecting the work and talking to the guys that really did the work. Max always trusted the guys doing the work, the ones pouring concrete, driving nails, working steel and so on to achieve a feel for how a job was going. He was riding in a temporary elevator when it fell. It killed him instantly. I went to the funeral and tried to talk to Eva but she didn't respond at all. It was like we had never been friends. Emma however spent a lot of time talking to me and I found myself really liking her.
Emma was in college at the time. Yes, in Mathematics. She had Eva's looks and brains but didn't seem to be quite as socially awkward. I offered to look in on Eva and provide any help needed. Emma thanked me. She was confident that Eva would be fine. She thought Eva would get more involved in her hedge fund work. Emma told me that Eva was smarter than almost anyone and well respected. If she wanted to she could build a significant portfolio of business. With that I decided I would wait to be asked for help.
Emma went back to school after the funeral. I noticed that I hadn't seen Eva working in her garden and it was obviously in need of love and attention. Before Max's death, she seemed to work her garden almost every morning during the growing session. I was so conflicted. I wanted to find out how Eva was doing but she was so cold at the funeral I couldn't bring myself to bother her. But my sense was that something wasn't right.
Max's company had changed from a sole proprietorship into a LLP about five years before his death. He had one partner, Sam, a person that had been with him since the beginning. Max still owned 70% of the business and was the general partner. The partnership agreement called for a buyout option in the event one died. Eva inherited Max's share but the will called for me to become the trustee of his share of the partnership. The lawyer explained the duties to me and the fact that a buyout option existed but couldn't be exercised for six months and that the terms had to be agreed to by Eva. Eva wouldn't even discuss this with me. I arranged with Sam to help with the business for a while until Eva was better able to deal with it. Sam was happy with this arrangement as I helped bring in business because of my contacts. I also got a small stipend for my work with Max Construction.
My story starts. Emma and Eva make me a proposition
Emma had come home from school to stay for the summer. I had seen her a couple of time but all we did was to pass fake pleasantries. Then I got this call.
I said into the phone, "Hello, this is Lance Padmore."
"Mister Padmore this is Emma."
"Hi, Emma so glad to hear from you. I have been worried about your mother. Is everything alright?"
"Well, that is why I am calling. You offered at the funeral to help if you could. I think there is a way to help us out."
"Emma, you know I would do anything for Max's family. Name it."
"It isn't so easy to describe. Would you mind having dinner with us. Mom wants to fix us dinner so we can discuss the issue I think you can help with."
"Can you give me a hint?"
"I would rather wait. I think it is a longer discussion. Would you have dinner with us?"
"Well, let me think. Two beautiful women want to fix me dinner versus having to fix my own. Tough call but the answer is yes. What time do you want me there?"
"Is seven okay?"
"Sure. Can I bring a bottle of wine at least?"
"That would be nice. Bring a Chardonnay. That will go well with what Mom is cooking. I will be so glad to see you."
"I think I am the one getting a treat. It will be so good to see you and your mother."
When I hung up, my mind reeled. What could they want? In a strange way, I was anxious. By seven I was anxious to find out what Emma and Eva would say.
Emma answered the door looking absolutely beautiful. She seemed to get the best of Eva and Max. She had Eva's height, same body type only a little tighter bodied with Eva's blonde hair and light blue eyes, but with a friendlier open look and demeanor like Max.
"Mister Padmore, thanks so much for joining us," Emma said smiling taking my bottle of wine. She looked at the label and said, "Oh, this will be perfect. Mom is fixing trout for the main. Have you ever had Mom's cooking?"
"No we always seemed to go out for dinner when it was the four of us."
As we walked to a sitting room in the front of the house Eva came up to me also looking beautiful. It seemed to me that she was a little thinner than I remembered. She was wearing a big apron. She reached out, hugged me to my delight and said, "So good to see you again Lance. I hope you enjoy dinner."
"I am sure I will."
"You and Emma can wait in the sitting room while I get things on the table."
I said, "Can I help?"
Eva said, "Goodness no. I love doing this. Emma can fix you a drink while you wait. This wine will be perfect with the main course. Let's open it with the salad."
As Eva walked away I could see she was wearing a yellow silk blouse and a tight black tube skirt that hugged her prominent butt perfectly. She was very curvy. She was wearing thigh high stockings. The skirt was short enough where it struck the top lacing. I had never seen her dress this sexy. I also now realized this woman I had known for our most of my adult life had been hiding a killer body.
Emma broke my stare when she asked, "What would you like to drink?"
"Scotch and water with one cube of ice will be fine."
I followed her to the sitting room that had a small bar. She fixed my drink and she had a vodka tonic.
"I want to give you a hint of what we want before we start dinner. If nothing else, we want you to have a pleasant dinner."
"I'm all yours. As I have said I would be surprised if you asked me to do something for you or your mother that I would say no to."
"Mister Padmore it is more complicated than that. You need to understand the problem first."
"Emma, you can call me Lance and take your time. I am just happy to be here."
"I would like to stay with Mister Padmore a little longer. Dad's death hit Mom very hard. Of course, as you know there is no way to lose a spouse, one you truly love, and it be easy. I am sure that was true when you lost Terry. But for Mom it was something more."
"Yes, I'm still not over it."
"Have you started dating again?"
I wondered, where is this going when I said, "I have had a few very disappointing dates. I am sure it is my problem. I keep comparing them with Terry."
"So nothing serious?"
"Not even a second date."
"Good. I had to go back to college after the funeral. I expected Mom to mourn but thought she would use work and be okay. I called her regularly and she kept saying she was fine. Then as final week started I got three phones calls that really troubled me. First from one of her long term investors. The people who invested in Mom's fund were friends of Dad's. He said he hadn't heard anything from Mom for over three months and she had missed the quarterly report. Mom is very detailed and serious about investing other people's money. She, if anything overly communicates and he was worried. So was I. I promised I would get home in a week and find out what happened.
The second call was from our lawyer. He said he had something for me from Dad. He apologized that it hadn't gotten to me sooner but it was misfiled. Again, I told him I would pick it up the following week. Then the final straw was a call I received from a publicist. Mom was working on a book before Dad died about her investing procedures. She had mentioned it but before the phone call I had completely forgotten about it. Mom had missed two milestones and wouldn't return calls. The publicist had contacted our lawyer and gotten my number. He said that he first wanted to make sure Mom was okay and he just wanted an update. No problem with changing the deadline, considering her loss, but he needed to hear from her soon."
I said in astonishment, "My God, you must have been worried sick. I wish you had called me."
"I probably should have but I think I had to be the one who took the next steps. When I got home, Mom was practically catatonic. It looked like she had been drugged. When I asked her what she had taken, she just shook her head. She said to look in the pill cabinet on her dresser. When I did I was taken aback at the drugs. Mom wasn't sick. These were Valium, Oxycodone, Zoloft and many kinds of mood altering and pain drugs. The labels had several doctor's names on them. One I recognized. A psychiatrist who was a friend of Dad's. I called him and was put straight through. Needless to say, I was beside myself and gave him an earful."
"I think you were justified to be mad."
"He told me Mom had come and he diagnosed her with depression and prescribed a couple of the drugs. But he was also horrified at the medicine chest. He told me to take her off everything except what he had prescribed. Mom spent the week withdrawing. She had lost weight and I had to make her start eating again. As you know Mom is a big heathy woman, well as am I, but she looked weak. What surprised me is that she was passive and did what I told her. Anyway, the next day I called the investors and told them their money was still there and we would like a few weeks to get Mom back to work. Amazingly they all agreed. To a person they said Mom was the best at what she did and they were willing to wait. I did have our lawyer get involved and send them validation that the money was still safe."
"Emma, you shouldn't have had to deal with that alone. I could have helped."
"I know you are right. In a few days, I thought I could leave Mom for a few hours to go see the lawyer. He gave me a sealed letter from Dad. In it was the answer to why Mom went so far off the deep end. I want to tell you what it said after we eat. But with the answer supplied by Dad, she started to function at least minimally. She is working again and has talked to her publicist."
Eva came to the door, now with the apron off, and said, "Dinner is served." Eva was wearing a thin yellow silk blouse tucked into her skirt, making her hour glass figure now very apparent. You could see a lace yellow bra underneath the shirt that only obscured the view of two large mounds of white flesh accentuated by barely visible large brown areola. This was without a doubt the sexiest woman I had ever seen. I had never seen her dress like this. It was hard for me not to stare during dinner.
Eva was both engaging and funny during dinner as we talked about our history. She seemed to be someone different. Emma didn't say much but watched the interaction between Eva and I. Eva was very fond of Terry as I thought. When she revealed how she felt about Terry, Eva said, "I am sorry I brushed you off at the funeral. I know you were wanting to help but seeing you just made me realize how much I missed Terry. Please forgive me. I know I missed an opportunity to lean on you as a good friend."
I said, "No worries, I just wish I could have helped you and Emma the last few months. I know what it means to lose the one you loved."
Eva smiled at me and almost melted my heart, "We still need your help. Emma is going to explain what happened to me but I do want your help. I think you are the only one who can."
Emma said, "Mom, no need to pressure Mister Padmore."
"You are right my dear," Eva said as she rose. "Anyone ready for dessert? It is very light. Us girls have to watch of figure don't we honey." Eva rubbed her hands over the sides of her hips as she said this, making my heart skip a beat and my groin twitch. As she breathed the mounds above her thin lace bra expanded and contracted. There as more flesh above her bra than most women have. I would have given anything at that time to see them without interference from any material. By the time we finished dessert, we had finished two bottles of wine and a cocktail each for Emma and I. All three of us should have been relaxed but I could feel the sexual tension in the air.
As we rose to go into the sitting room, I said, "Eva that was a wonderful meal. The best I have had in well forever. I didn't know you could cook like that."
Eva gave the nicest demur smile and said, "It was my pleasure to be of service to you. Anything for you."
She started to clear the table and I asked, "Can I help?"
Eva said while taking my arm and pulling it between her heaving breasts, "No my dearest, I want to do this. You go talk to Emma. Emma, would you fix me a vodka tonic while I clear. It will just take a few minute. We can clean the dishes tomorrow morning."
Emma fixed me another Scotch water and Vodka tonic for both herself and Eva. "So what are your thoughts about Mom?"
"She seems fine to me. That was a wonderful meal and the most engaged I have ever seen her."
"I think she is optimistic that you can help her. Let me continue the story. I left off with the letter from Dad. It stated that Mom had a peculiar condition and that if I were reading this it would be hard for her to accept losing him. He said that I needed to read his diary to understand what he was talking about. You also need to read Dad's journal to understand what I am about to say. Mom has an oversized sexual appetite and a need to be humiliated periodically."
"What do you mean? I don't understand."
"Yeah I know; I am going to give you a demonstration. That will be a start but reading Dad's journal is a must to understand. The demonstration you are about to get will help you understand the journal. If you are uncomfortable at any time, please feel free to stop us and leave. No hard feelings."
As Eva entered the room, I said, "Okay." Eva got her drink and sat in a straight back chair, the only one in the room, opposite of me. When she sat, her tight skirt pulled up to reveal she was wearing no underwear. Again, my groin twitched and I could barely look up. When I looked up Eva gave a smile and sipped her drink.
Emma said, "As I said, Eva needs to be humiliated periodically. Don't you Eva?"
"Yes, Max made me do things. I didn't want to do them but afterwards I was better. Max was wonderful. He liked to show me off. Do you think I am pretty?"
I was taken aback, "Eva, you and Emma are both very beautiful women."
"Thank you," Eva said again taking a sip of her drink. She was already half way through it.
Emma continued, "As Eva said, Dad would make her do things. You see Eva is a submissive. When her special person makes, her do sexual acts she gets extraordinarily turned on and it can have a dramatic effect. Let me demonstrate." Emma looked at Eva and said in a very stern voice, "Eva take your blouse off and show Mister Padmore your bra."
"Missy, do I have to?"
"Yes do it slut."
I started, "Emma, sho-" But Emma held up her hand to me to wait and see what happens. I thought about stopping this but was very curious about what Eva and Emma were doing.
Eva stood and as she reached for the top button Emma said again sternly, "Slowly."
Eva slowly unbuttoned first the top button, then the second and the third. She pulled the neckline open to reveal a large expanse of flesh. She then pulled the shirt out of her waistline and finished unbuttoning the blouse. She then looked me squarely in the eye while she pulled the blouse off her shoulders and body. She looked at the floor.
Emma said, "Eva, look at Mister Padmore and tell him how you feel."
Eva raised her head looked me in the eyes with her face red, "I think he doesn't like to see me like this. I'm not pretty enough."
I could barely talk but said, "Eva you are beautiful."
She rubbed across her chest and said, "But I have fat breasts. They are too big don't you think. Do you like my bra?"
I again could barely speak and said, "It is a beautiful bra. You are very sexy."
Eva said, "I would take it off if you commanded me."
I didn't know what to say and looked at Emma. She nodded yes.
I said somewhat tentatively, "Eva, please take your bra off."
Emma said softly to me, "Don't say please, make it a command."
I tried again, this time more forcefully, "Eva take your bra off. It is pretty but I think I want to see those big bare breasts." I looked at Emma and she nodded yes.
Eva gave me a coy smile, reached behind her back and undid the clasp. She cupped each breast with her hands and slowly let the straps slip off her shoulders. I realized this was very practiced. It maximized the anticipation. My dick was now straining against my pants. She dropped the bra to the floor and covered her breasts with her hands.
Emma said sternly, "Mister Padmore doesn't want to see your hands, he wants to see your tits."
Eva let her hand drop from her breasts. Again, she lowered her head and asked, "Do you like my breasts?"
"I think you have the prettiest breasts I have ever seen. They are wonderful." And they were. They were big, full and with only a small sag. I knew she must have had a boob job at some time in the past for them to stand out like they did. But it was certainly expertly done as they were no signs of surgery.
Emma said, "Put your hands under your tits, slut, so Mister Padmore can see them better." I was a little taken aback by Emma calling her mother a slut.
She did this and they stood out even more, "Now tell him a little about yourself. If he is going to help you, he needs to know about you. How old are you and how tall are you?"
"I am forty-three and five feet nine."
"How much do you weigh now?"
"One hundred and fifty pounds."
"Really."
"One hundred and fifty-five pounds. I am a fat slut. Max called me Fatty."
"You're not f—."
"No," Emma interrupted. She gave me a I will tell you later look. "Slut I think Mister Padmore needs to feel those big fat tits."
Eva smiled and asked me, "Do you want to feel my fat tits?"
I said, "Yes but your tits aren-."
"No," Emma said again.
I was finally getting it. Being called fat was humiliating and that turned her on.
Eva stepped in front of me with me still seated. She bent over slightly to make it easier for me to fondle her luscious chest. She took my hands and placed one on each breast. I squeezed them both at the same time and she let out a moan with her head laid back. I encircled her areolas with my hand and pinched her nipples between my thumb and index finger. She moaned louder and I felt her quack. I thought she had an orgasm. I looked at the area just below her hemline which had slide up to almost reveal her genitals and I saw fluid running down the inside of her legs. I was sure she had an orgasm just from playing with her tits.
Emma sternly said, "Slut, how do you feel?"
Eva said, "I like what Mister Padmore is doing very much." Eva had always called me Lance. I wondered about being called Mister Padmore now.
I said, "I love how your breasts feel. You are incredible sexy."
Eva moaned another, "Thank you, master."
"I am—."
Emma caught me, "No." Then Emma said, "Fatty tell Mister Padmore how you feel. If I have to ask you again then he will punish you."
"I am very humiliated to being half nude in front of an old friend but I am glad Mister Padmore likes how I look. It makes me very wet for him to be looking and feeling of my fat tits."
Emma said, "Slut, I think Mister Padmore needs to see how what he is doing affect you. Don't you?"
Eva said, "Yes, Missy." She took my right hand from her breast and slide it under her skirt to her pussy. She pressed my index finger into her slit and had another orgasm. I felt the fluid running into my palm. As she moaned she took two more finger into her vagina. Again, I felt another shutter but not quite an orgasm. Then my thump and little finger were added. She thrust her hips forward and backward, humping all five of my fingers. The fluid was now running onto her stockings.
"Slut, step back and let Mister Padmore see what he is feeling."
"Missy, do I have to?"
Emma said, "Yes you do. If he doesn't get all the information how can he decide to become your new M?" I will explain what it means to be her M a little later.
"I see," Eva acknowledged. "He needs to see all of me. I hope you like it Mister Padmore."
This time I caught on. "Well I may. Let me see what you look like. I really want to see your entire body." Emma smiled.
Eva stepped back to her chair and wiggled out of her tight tube skirt. She was wearing garter belt thigh high stockings. It had about a one-inch stretch lace around the waist with an inch garter that was part of the stocking to the stretch lace around each leg. Her pussy lips were completely bare. There was a blond fuzz on the Mons Pubis that had been trimmed to about half inch. The fuzz looked like duck down.
"Turn around and let him see your fat ass," Emma demanded. She turned around and it was big, white and smooth like a baby's bottom. "Ok turn back around, look at Mister Padmore and tell him your measurement."
Eva looked me in the eye and said, "36DD, 29, 40. I know I have a fat ass and you are unhappy with it."
I was amazed at this woman. "Eva, you are beautiful. The sexiest woman I have ever seen."
Eva looked down and blushed.
"How does that make you feel?" Emma asked.
"I am so embarrassed to be nude in front of an old friend but so glad Mister Padmore likes my body."
Emma smiled and said to Eva, "I think you need to reward Mister Padmore for liking your body by giving him a show. Go get Pretend-M for you and my favorite."
Eva left in a big hurry so I could see her prominent ass swish back and forth and bounce up and down as she was almost running.
Emma looked at me and asked, "Are you okay with this?"
"Well I am a red-blooded heterosexual and not too old to love a beautiful body charged with sexual energy."
"Would you be okay if I masturbated in front of you? I am horny myself."
"Sure. Think nothing of it."
Eva came back walking fast. Now I got to see her large DD bouncing up and down with her rapid walk. She had a small hard shell vibrator and a seven-inch dildo with a suction cup on the bottom. She handed the small vibrator to Emma. She spits on the suction cup and pressed it into the seat of the straight back chair she had been sitting in. I now realized this was planned. This chair didn't go in this room.
She looked at Emma waiting to be told what to do. "Sit on it facing him. Mister Padmore will tell you when you can move on it."
Eva faced me, straddled the chair which caused her pussy lips to part and moisture to dip from the opening. She sat down on the dildo and rested there waiting for instructions. Emma looked at me and I got the message she wanted me to direct her.
"Eva, take your hands and rub your breasts but you can't move your hips or have an orgasm until I say you can."
"Don't you think I am a slut for doing this in front of you?" Eva asked me.
Realizing she wanted to be called a slut I said, "You are a great slut. Do as I tell you?"
"Yes Mister Padmore."
She took a breast in each hand and kneaded them making the nipples stand out a good half inch. The nipples were very red. Her neck was also red to her cleavage.
I said, "Ok, you can move your hips back and forth but don't have an orgasm yet." She rocked back and forth slowly.
Eva said, "Oh, ah, oh, Mister Padmore please let me orgasm. Please Mister Padmore. Oh, oh, hum. Please."
"Ok slut, look in my eyes and have an orgasm."
She looked at me, rocked back and forth very quickly with both hands squeezing her big tits. She had a large orgasm. I was amazed at the puddle in the chair. She continued and had another orgasm in less than few minutes. I looked over at Emma. She had her skirt pulled to her waist, had a leg over the chair arm, and the vibrator impaled in her pussy. Emma's pussy looked exactly the same as Eva's including the heavy fat pussy lips. Emma was also having orgasms.
"Slut turn to face Emma; I want to see what your big fat ass looks like fucking Pretend-M."
She did as she was told. Her ass was a beautiful thing rocking back and forth. It was firm underneath with a nice soft flesh cover that rolled as she moved. Eva and Emma were looking at each other.
I could no longer stand it and rose.
Emma saw this and said, "Slut you need to see what Mister Padmore's dick looks like. Keep Pretend-M in your pussy, kneel in front of him and take his dick out of his pants."
Eva got out of her chair with one hand keeping the dildo, Pretend-M, in place. She knelt in front of me and reached in my pants to pull out my dick. Even though I am average build, my penis is good sized. A good seven or eight inches when erect. I realized as she pulled it out it was about the same size as Pretend-M.
Eva looked at it like she had never seen one before. She lightly brushed it with her index finger. She brushed up and down and around until she had covered every inch. I looked at Emma and she had pulled the vibrator out, left herself exposed from the waist down and looking at what Eva was doing with great interest. After a good period of time I finally asked, "Slut, what do you think of Mister Padmore? Do you want to see more?"
"Yes please."
I said, "Then take my shirt off." Eva let Pretend-M drop from her pussy as she stood. She slowly unbuttoned each button with something like reverence. She slipped the shirt off my shoulders. As she reached out a large tit brushed on my chest and it was all I could do to not fuck her then and there. She lightly brushed from my shoulder to my waist. "Take my pants and underwear off." I had removed my shoes at the start of Eva's undressing.
Eva unbuckled my belt, unsnapped and unzipped my pants and slowly slid them to my feet. She was on all fours as I lifted each leg to allow her to remove the pants. She then reached up and lowered my boxers to the floor leaving me in only my socks. She lightly touched from my waist to my feet. Again, on all fours she inspected my toes. It is to this day one of the sexiest things I have seen.
Eva looked up at me and asked, "Can I see you from behind?" I turned and felt her lightly touch my shoulders with her index finger and her breasts lightly rubbed below my shoulder blades.
She did this until she got to my calf, I turned around, pulled her up and looked her in the eyes and asked, "What do you think?"
"I think you are beautiful."
I smiled at her as I said, "Then slut give me a blow job."
"Yes Mister Padmore."
She dropped to her knees. She lightly kissed the tip, then down the shaft and back to the tip. As she did she lightly wrapped her lips around the tips. Emma was using the vibrator again but now she had both tits uncovered. She was squeezing them as the vibrator was completely impaled in her pussy with her rocking back and forth on the chair bottom.
Eva took my dick all the way in her mouth but didn't close her mouth. The tip was brushing the back of her throat and she was breathing hard on it. I had never had anyone do this before. She then wrapped her lips around the bottom of the shaft and pulled her head away until her lips were wrapped around the tip. She did this a few more times. Then she moved faster and increased the pressure on my hard swollen ready to erupt dick.
Emma was incredible sexy as she fucked herself. I really wanted to fuck both of them that night but knew that wasn't the right thing to do.
I wanted to warn Eva so I said, "I am ready to cum." She moved her lips to the bottom of my shaft taking the entire length in her mouth, and sucked in and out with a vacuum like effect. I erupted deep in her throat. She managed to swallow most of it and I had quite a store. It had been a long time since I had had sex. She had a little dribble running down her chin.
Emma took the vibrator out of her vagina, put on her bra, re-buttoned her blouse and pulled her pencil skirt down. Eva had stood and was hugging me like she didn't want to let go. I held her while gently rubbing her shoulders. After a few minutes Emma finally said, "Mom we need to let Mister Padmore get dressed and go home. Put these back, wipe yourself off, put on a robe, bring a damp cloth to clean off Mister Padmore and help him get into his clothes."
As she walked out Emma said, "See what I mean. She would let you do anything to her tonight. I told her that you couldn't kiss or fuck until you agreed to be her M. The names will make sense when you read Dad's journal. I will send you email with it as an attachment. You have to agree that no one sees it but you."
"Emma you can trust me."
Eva was back wearing a short silk robe that barely covered her ass and was loosely tied to show tremendous cleavage. She took the cloth and gently wipe my torso and genitals. She held my underwear for me to step in. She helped me get my shirt on. I started to button but she looked at me to stop and let her do it. I smiled at her. She smiled back and slowly buttoned each button. She held my pants out to let me step in. She pulled them up, tucked my shirt neatly, buttoned and zipped my pants and buckled my belt. The robe was now mostly open so that her nipples were visible. It took all my self-control not to attack them. I sat down as she knelt to slip on my shoes and tied the laces. I was again given full view of her beautiful full dangling breasts.
She stood grudgingly closing her robe.
Emma said, "I will call you in a couple of days. We need to have one more conversation after you read some of Dad's journal. You need to understand a few things before you decide to commit. Mom, do you still want Mister Padmore to be your M?"
Eva with tears in her eyes, hugged me hard, with her face in my chest and said, "Yes!"
Emma smiled and said, "Mom, let him go. Mister Padmore do you want to continue considering it."
I said, "I absolutely do. Are you sure we can't decide now?"
Emma said, "I want you to be sure. The worst thing that could happen is you agree and then decide you can't do it. That would be so hard on Mom."
I thought for a second and knew she was right, "I understand. Think we can decide in a couple of days?"
"Yes, read especially the first part of the journal and skim after you see how this started. Then we can talk."
Eva was standing very close to me like she didn't want to let me out of her sight. I pulled her to me looked in her eyes and said, "I enjoyed dinner and the whole evening. You are wonderful." I kissed her on the forehead and said, "Good night beautiful."
I hugged Emma and said, "I will text you when I think I have enough of the journal read."
I walked back to my house, happier than I had been since Terry died.