The rest of the day - the day Mom jerked me off until I covered her incredible tits with cum for broadcast - went by as if nothing unusual happened. Dad made it home in time for dinner and we all talked about our days.
"Did you two do anything interesting today?" Dad asked just before he shoveled a fork full of mashed potatoes into his mouth.
"Yeah we did!" I said before Mom could reply. Her heart skipped a beat.
"Well, I don't know about, um, interesting," she said sheepishly.
"Oh, it was really interesting!" I smiled. Mom began to squirm in her seat. "Mom made a great exercise video today, didn't you, Mom?"
"Well, um, I, uh, I don't know about great," she stammered.
"Yeah? How's that going?" Dad asked.
"Well, you know..."
I cut her off. "Great!" I said smiling.
"Really? Are you making any money yet?"
"Um, it, uh, it's..."
I glanced at her. "She's made couple of videos that have done really well."
"Oh yeah? I'll have to watch them sometime."
Mom nervously waved a dismissive hand at Dad. "Oh, you don't have to do that. You know, you'd probably be bored out of your mind."
Mom saw the devilish glint in my eye. "I think he'd find them pretty interesting."
Mom gritted her teeth and glared at me.I'm going to kill him!
*****
The next morning when I woke up, Mom was in the kitchen. When we said "good morning" to each other, she was obviously distracted. She couldn't stop thinking about it!
It's so wrong - but it feels so amazing! Why does the sight...the feel...the smell of his thingy...his cock! Why does it arouse me so? Why does the feeling of his...his cum! Why does the feeling of his cum on my skin feel so good?!
"So, um, so did the, uh, videos we made yesterday make any, you know, money?" she asked nervously.
"Let me check." I pulled out my phone and logged in. "Jesus! You made over $3,000 just on the one video!"
"That's great!" She paused. "So, um, which one?" I gave her a knowing look. "Oh. Yes. Of course."
"You're a star, Mom!" At least, your tits are!
"Yes, well, that's not how I wanted to get the word out." She looked at me. "Are you sure nobody around here will see me? If someone I knew saw it, I'd just die!"
"Like I said, I've blocked out our entire zip code."That doesn't mean I didn't share an access code with my buddies!"Between that and the disguise, nobody will know it's you."
That seemed to comfort her.
"Well, I certainly hope so. So, um, would you be interested in making another, you know, video today?"
I grinned. "Which kind of video?"
She thought about her response.You know exactly which one!"Let me think about it."
"Oh-ho-ho-kay," I chuckled. "I'll get everything set up. Just let me know when you're ready."
A couple of hours later, she knocked on my bedroom door. "Mark?"
"Yeah! Come in, Mom."
She poked her head in. "Um, if you want to, let's, um, let's go ahead and do another, you know, video."
"Yeah, sure, okay. I'll be right there."
She paused. "And, um, and wear your disguise."
My eyebrows raised. "Yes!"
She was waiting for me in the room.
"Damn, Mom! You look fucking amazing!"
Today she was wearing a black faux leather bra, garter, and panties, with the garter belts holding up black stockings. She had her long, brunette hair pulled back into a pony tail. Today she had a black mask with what looked to be short feathers around the top and side. She looked totally dominatrix.
"Really? You think so?"Judging by that huge bulge in his shorts, I'd say he's sincere!
"Hell yeah!" The head of my python was trying to peak out the top of my tiny black spandex biker shorts.
"I want to do another video that's, you know, similar to the one we did yesterday to see if the sales numbers are a fluke. Is that okay with you?"
"Absolutely!" I stepped behind the camera. "Ready when you are, Mom."
She took a deep breath and smiled into the camera. "Hey, gang! Welcome to another episode of Sexercise with Suzie! I'm Suzie, and we'll be working on getting those muscles ready so we can improve our sex lives and really liven things up in the bedroom. My son, Mark - Mario! - will be joining me in a little bit. Today we're going to be working on those thighs and core. Let's get started with some basic stretches to get those muscles warmed up." While I watched from behind the camera, she proceeded to limber herself up with various twists, turns, and dips of her luscious body before she finally said, "Okay, let's get my handsome son Mar - Mario - out here to help with this last stretch."
I jumped from behind the camera and waved to the viewing audience. "What can I do to help, Mom?"
She looked into the camera. "Okay, everybody, one last stretch. I've asked Mario out here because you can easily lose your balance with this one. So be careful out there! Hopefully you have a big, strong partner there to help you." She turned her back to me and was profile to the camera. "Okay, Mario, if you'll grab my hips, please. Great." She looked into the camera and began to bend forward. "Now, I've been doing this a while, so I can bend pretty far. If you can't go as far as I do, don't worry! You'll get there! Keep your legs straight. Stretch out those arms." She finally stopped when she was doubled over with her fingers wrapped around her toes. "Mario, don't let me fall over!" she laughed.
"No problem, Mom." I smiled and winked into the camera.
She felt one hand leave her hip. "It's best if you use both hands, honey."
"Okay, give me a sec." I had my meat stick completely out of my shorts and in my hand. First I slapped in on the top of her ass.
Her eyebrows furrowed.What the...? Is that...is that his...oh my God! It feels like he's hitting me with a hammer!
I finally rested my stick in the crack of her heart-shaped ass and grabbed her hips with both hands, then began to rock my hips back and forth with a wicked grin.
She could feel me sliding along her crack.Oh my God!She cleared her throat. "(ahem) Okay, um, very good," she said as she straightened back up. My rod was now buried in her back.It's so hard! "Um, let's do that one more time." Once again, I had simulated sex with the crack of her ass. Her juices were practically running down her legs.
Just do it, Sue!she thought to herself as she began to stand up straight again. She turned to face the camera, then looked down at my fully exposed pole.My God! Look at the size of it!
She looked back into the camera with a crooked grin. "It looks like my son is ready for our exercise." I gasped when she wrapped her warm, soft hand around my shaft. "Hopefully your partner is ready, as well. If not, he will be soon." She reached behind her back and unclasped the bra. It slid down her arms and into her hands. She playfully threw it at the camera, then tenderly massaged her exposed globes. "Okay, let's drop to our knees, ladies." She fell to her knees and turned to face me. "Like we talked about last time, I normally like to use baby oil," she said as she reached behind her. I watched intently as she leaned forward, placed my stick into her cleavage, then wrapped her mounds around it. "For this exercise, I find saliva works best." She tilted her head down and dropped two streams across the tip of my tool and into her cleavage. "But use whatever you and your partner find works best."
I leaned my head back and moaned, "Fuuuuuuuck," when she began to rise and fall.
She smiled up at me. "Do you like that, honey?"
"Ohhhhhh fuck yeah!"
She turned back to the camera while she continued to slowly bounce. "You should feel a little burn in your thighs and gluts, ladies. This is also good for your core." She squeezed harder. "This is also good for your partner's equilibrium and abs, not to mention a good cardio workout." She smiled into the camera. "Well, that's if we're doing a good she." See how long he can go without using your head or shoulders to balance himself." She looked up at me. "My son is young and fit, so I don't have to worry about him falling over," she giggled.
She continued for several more minutes, dropping several more streams of saliva into her valley. A good portion of my post popped out with each drop, poking into the bottom of her jaw on more than one occasion.
"Is your partner finished yet, ladies? If not, and you're getting tired, it's okay! The more you work on it, the longer you'll be able to go. But, for now, let's see if we can't speed this up a little. I want you to squeeze those girls together as hard as you can." She clamped her flesh around mine. "If you can, bounce a little faster." She followed her own advice. She could feel me throbbing. "Dirty talk works well, too." She looked into my contorted face. "Does that feel good, honey? Does Mommy's big tits feel good wrapped around your big, fat...big fat cock?"
"Fuck yeah it does!"
"Mmmmmm, you feel good between my tits, too," she cooed. "I can feel you throb between them. Do you want to finish on Mommy's tits? Hmmmm? Do you want to cum on Mommy's tits?"
"Oh yeah! I'm gonna cum on your tits!"
"Ooooo yeah, I'd like that," she whirred. "Come on, baby, I want to see you cum. I want to see you cum all over Mommy's titties. Come on, baby. I want you to cover Mommy's tits with your thick, hot cum," she said in a deep, husky voice.
My body stiffened. "Oh fuck!" I barked.
A white rope shot out of her cleavage and splashed across her chin.
"Ooooo, yeah, baby! That's it!"
A second and third stream rainbowed up and covered the tops of her fleshy mounds. She released me from the grip of her chest and stroked my vein, coaxing several large spurts into her cleavage and coating the tops of her mountains in a milky white.
She spun back to the camera with a wicked look on her face and jizz dripping off her pointed nipples. She ran her fingers across her chest and scooped their contents between her lips. "Mmmmmmm," she purred. "So, ladies, how are those thighs feeling? A little sore? I hope so! How about your partner? Did they enjoy it? I certainly hope so! I know mine did!" she snickered. She scooped another fingerful of spunk off her chest and tucked it into her mouth. "Yummy," she whispered after she licked her lips. She paused. "I hope you enjoyed today's session. Make sure you come back and we'll show you how to cum more, better, and harder when you Sexercise with Suzie!" She took another swipe at her chest, swallowed it, and winked. "Until then, here's hoping you're having great sex!"
I walked behind the camera and shut it off.
"So? How do you think it went?" she asked sincerely. It must've gone well! I'm soaked!
"Are you fucking kidding me? It went great! I mean, look at you. You're covered in cum!"
She blushed. "Yes, well, be that as it may, just keep in mind, this is strictly a business venture. Okay?"
I laughed and nodded. "Oh-ho-ho-kay! Ha! Yeah, sure, okay."
She looked down at herself. "I guess I should shower before your father gets home."
"I'll get this edited and on the web!"
She grabbed her bra and practically ran to her bedroom. Once there, she peeled off the rest of her clothing, tossed it into the corner, and opened her nightstand drawer. She pulled out Mommy's big helper she had purchased a couple of weeks before and stared at it. "Hello there, big fella," she whirred quietly. "I need you more than ever right now." She threw herself onto the bed and held it up. She stared at it for a moment before she ran the tip through the deposit I had left on her chest and twisted it. She lifted it again and considered the new glaze, then spread her legs.
She bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes when the wet tip touched her swollen lips. She moaned as she ran it along the length of her aching gash.
"(GASP) Mmmm!" she squeaked when the thick head split her slit. "Mmmmmmm, yessssssss!" she moaned as it slid into her until it could slide no more. She began pump the veiny plastic in and out of her snatch. "Mmmmmmm, yessssss! Just like that, baby! Mmmmmmmm, yessssss!"
As I carried my digital equipment back to my room, I stopped. In the silence of the hallway, I could hear my mother's moaning on the other side of the door. My lips curled at the corners.Gotcha!