Ray sat in his Jeep, trying very hard to not keep staring at the dashboard clock, but as each minute went by, he grew more anxious. He just knew that by telling him what car she would be in that she would show. But then at about the 15 minute mark he was about ready to give up and started to put the jeep in reverse, when around the corner came a white Mercedes. "Coincidence?" he wondered. Slowly the car made its way in his direction and then it slid in to the parking spot right next to his, on his drivers side.
Julia was shaking and had no clue as to why she found herself in the garage and parking next to what she believed was Ray's jeep. She mustered up her nerve and looked over to see him in his driver's seat and she rolled down the passenger window in her car. She very sheepishly looked at Ray, waved and managed to give a small waive and embarrassed smile.
"Well hi," Ray said. "I'm glad you showed." Julia didn't respond. "So," Ray continued, "is there something you want to show me?" Julia didn't move for what seemed to be 10 minutes, but was more likely 10 sections.
She then looked around the garage so make sure that no one else was around and then, suddenly and swiftly, as to prevent her reversing her actions, she lay the drivers seat back as far as it would go so that she was now almost in a prone position. She kept her eyes straight ahead and reached down and pulled her skirt up around her waist. The lower half of her body was now fully exposed to Ray whom had a full view of her body from his vantage point.
Julia moved her hands from her sides and placed them on her inner thighs. It was then that she wanted to see Ray's reaction and looked over at him. He was just looking at her and then gave her an approving nod. She looked back at the ceiling of her car, had an internal debate with herself and decided that there was no looking back. She pushed her left leg up against the door of the car and moved her right hand to her pussy. With her middle finger she started to rub her clitoris. She was very wet, very horny and very excited. She looked down at herself and saw that she was swollen and wet. She pushed her middle finger between her lips and felt her moisture. She moved her finger back to her clit and continued rubbing. Her little button was getting to be as hard as a pebble. She had grown so excited that she thought she could have had an orgasm without even touching herself. She pushed down harder on her clit, then placed a finger in herself again. Using her own moisture, she went back to rubbing harder on her clit. It was getting to be too much to take.
She threw her head back and let out a soft moan. She was now rubbing her pussy with two fingers and as fast as she possibly could. She said "oh god" out loud and started shaking with her orgasm. It was a bit longer and more intense than most times. The build up had created such an intensity inside her and her stomach, thighs, and lower legs contracted several times with the mind altering feeling.
She slowed her motions and then let her hands rest back on her thighs. Her body was slowly recovering and after a few seconds she looked over at Ray. She was still reeling and saw that Ray had opened his drivers side door. He was still sitting in his seat, but had pulled his cock out of his pants. His hand was on his cock and her panties were wrapped around it as well. He was looking right at her and pulling up and down on his cock. Within a few seconds he let out a soft groan and she saw white seamen come out the tip of his penis and ran down his hands and on to her panties. She was watching in amazement. "I caused that," she thought.
Ray closed the driver's door and cleaned up his mess with her panties. He looked over at her again and raised his eyebrows and smiled. "Well," he said. "That was interesting. You okay? Was it fun for you?" he asked. Julia nodded in the affirmative but didn't say anything. She started to pull her skirt back down to their proper and normal position. "A bit embarrassed," she said.
"Don't be," he replied. "Just don't."
Julia was ready to get out of there. She didn't want to get caught by a guard or another driver. She wanted to leave. She put the car seat back up and looked herself in the review. She made sure her hair was not too messed up.
"Hey," Ray said. "I don't know your name." Julia didn't respond. "Can I see you again?" he asked. Julia was not sure how to respond. It was probably not such a great idea, but then she thought that she probably wouldn't be able to resist another adventure like this.
"Here is my number," he said without prompt. He got out of his jeep and put his business card on the passenger seat of her car. "You can call or text any time you like," he said. Julia looked over and just smiled sheepishly.
"I can't promise that I will Ray," she replied.
"Well, the offer is there," he said.
"So, are you going to tell me your name?" he asked.
Julia thought for a long moment. She was not ready to tell this stranger her read name. "Ha, stranger," she thought.
"Hmm" she said, continuing in thoughts. "It's, uh...Jewel," she found herself saying without completely knowing why. The name just rolled slowly out of her mouth. "I'm Jewel," she repeated the lie, but in that moment she was Jewel. she was not Julia.
She put the car in reverse, looked around and pulled out of the parking spot. As she put the car in drive, she waived at Ray, still standing there. She drove away and looked in her rear view mirror, seeing Ray just looking her way. She gave a slight wave and drove toward the exit.
As Julia pulled out of the garage, she adjusted herself in her seat. She could feel a change in herself and needed to shift her body to reflect the shift in her mind, in her disposition.
She was still way turned on. She was still very horny and not satisfied by masturbating and then watching Ray get off. She needed more. She needed a cock inside her, but there was no way that she was going to allow someone that she had just met to be the one to fuck her.
She was still reeling from the events and started to rack her brain. "How can I get what I need?" she thought and she started running down the guys she knew that would get the job done.
"Mitch," she said out loud and reached for her phone. She pulled her car to a stop in a gas station and found Mitch in her contacts. She typed "Mitch...my place...now!" and hit send.
Mitchel was a guy that Julia had met in a pre-law course a couple semesters ago. They had gone to a couple movies and seen each other at parties, but there was simply not enough of a connection to go any further. Certainly sex had not been on her mind when she was with him. She had let Mitch get in her pants, but only enough to rub her a bit and slide a finger inside her. She just wasn't in to him. But she knew that given the chance he would go for her...he would fuck her.
"There in 20," Mitch's reply came on her phone. She wondered if he would have a clue as to what this was about. It really didn't matter. He would find out soon enough.
She made it to her apartment and estimated that Mitch would arrive in another 5 minutes. Her roommate was not home and this was probably a good thing. She left the door unlocked and went in to her bedroom. She refreshed her makeup, hair, and outfit. Not that she planned for any of that to stay in place for very long once he arrived. She looked at herself in the mirror and was still in disbelief at actions. "What are you doing, Julia? What are you doing?" she mused out loud. It was then that she realized that she was not Julia at this time, she was Jewel.
She got a text notification. "I'm here" Mitch announced.
"Come in. The door is unlocked" was her text reply.
She heard the door open and Mitch yell in to the apartment "Julia?"
"I'm in here," Julia said. "But I'm not Julia" she said under her breath.
Mitch entered her room and Julia was sitting on the edge of her bed. "So whats going on?" he asked.
Julia looked at Mitch with a devilish grin on her face. "Mitch, I need you to make love to me. I mean I need you to fuck me. Right now" she said. Her voice had taken on a different tone. A bit lower and with a gravel to it.
Mitch looked at her with a disbelieving smile. "What?" he asked in a drawn out response.
Julia got up from the bed and walked slowly to Mitch. When she was right in his face she repeated herself. "I need...you...to...fuck...me" she said and reached down to Mitch's crotch. She rubbed up and down and said it again, "fuck me."
Mitch reached around and grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her in to him. He leaned down and started kissing her neck. "No" she said. "Fuck me" and this time she sounded even more energetic, more intense.
It was then that Mitch seemed to catch on. He placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed her down to her knees and where she was facing his crotch. He looked down at her intently. She grinned and reached up to unbuttoned his pants. She quickly unzipped and pulled down his pants and boxers. She placed her mouth on his not yet completely hard cock and started sucking. She was not a fan of giving head, but in this case it was a means to an end.
Mitch placed his hands on her head and motioned her back and forth as he continued to grown inside her mouth. As she sucked she pulled at his pants to remove them as quickly as she could. Mitch took off his shirt. He was now fully erect and that's what she needed, a young, hard cock in side her.
She got up and pulled him to the bed. She turned him so his back was toward the bed and pushed him down. She bent down and licked his cock again and then climbed on top of him. She straddled his body and slid his cock into her. It was then that she noticed just how wet she was. Mitch reached up and grabbed her tits and Julia started rocking back and forth. She closed her eyes and threw her head toward the ceiling and began to ride his cock and his body as though she were riding a horse. She opened her eyes and then looked straight ahead. She was now looking toward her window and it was then that she noticed for the first time that her blinds were more opened than closed. She lowered her head and looked at the window with a great amount of intensity. It was still daylight out and she was almost sure that if someone had even tried, they couldn't see what was going on in her room at that very moment. But she wanted someone to be able to see. She wanted to be seen.
She had the image of someone, perhaps more than just one someone, watching her. She kept that thought in her mind and began bucking harder and harder. She felt the orgasm coming on and had the sensation that she was going to pee. She released the block on this feeling and as her orgasm hit hard. She felt what she thought to be pee run down her thighs and on the bed. The orgasm rocked her for more than a minute as she continued to shake. When it subsided she crashed her body down on Mitch, whom she had forgotten was even a part of this sexual interaction. She was breathing heavy.
"Wow," Mitch said. "You were super horny."
"Yeah. So fuck me," Julia said.
Mitch was flabergasted. "Who are you?" he thought.
She climbed off of Mitch, and removed her skirt and top as quickly as she could. She got on her knees and elbows, still facing the window.
Mitch got up and climbed behind her. He rubbed his cock up and down her pussy twice and then thrust himself inside her.
"Hard:" she said.
Mitch put his hands on her hips and thrust in and out of her with all the might he could. He was pushing his hips up and hard against her to get more leverage. Julia felt his rock hard cock hitting her g-spot and once again she looked up and out the window, still fixated on the image of a man and perhaps a woman watching her get fucked and fucked hard.
Julia let out an "oh god" as she felt another orgasm building. "Yes, yes, yes" she continued. Her legs began shaking and she spread her arms out in front of her to try to reach for more energy for the orgasm. Her face was not berried in the bed. "Don't stop" she said and she once again felt juices, her juices, flowing out of her with every pump of his cock.
Just as her orgasm began to start to subside Mitch pulled our of her and pumped his cock while his cum shot all over her ass and lower back. It was a lot of cum. She could tell.
When he was finished they both collapsed on the bed. The bed that was now soaked with the product of their sex; sweat, jizz, and her juices.
Mitch rolled over on his back, still panting, and said, "wow, I had no idea."
Julia responded while catching her own breath, "what?"
"That you were so sexual," he said.
Softly Julia said, "neither did I."
They lay side by side, her face down on her stomach and he face up on his back. They stayed there several minutes while they caught their individual breaths.
Julia pushed herself to her hands and knees and started to get out of the bed. "Mitch" she said. "Be a doll and don't read too much in to this."
Mitch was completely baffled. "Uh. Okay" he said.
"I'm going to shower. I'll talk to you later," she said and walked toward the bathroom.
"So do you want to get something to eat or anything," he asked still laying naked on the bed, but sitting up on his elbows.
Julia stopped at the doorway and turned to look at Mitch. "Aw. Your sweet, But I have things to do. You don't have to stick around," she said and walked across the hall and in to the bathroom. Without looking back again, she closed the door behind her.
"Wha..." was all that Mitch could get out of his mouth before the door closed. He heard the shower start and still sat on the bed pondering the moment. "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth," he thought. He put on his cloths and walked out of the room. He walked toward the bathroom door and started to say goodbye, but thought better of it. He turned to show himself out of the apartment. As he walked toward the front door he noticed Julia's roommate sitting on the couch. She had a sheepish grin on her face.
"Uh...hi," Mitch said as he waived at her embarrassingly.
"Hi," she replied and smiled a mischievous grin.
Mitch didn't say anything else, but instead just walked out the front door.