"You're awful mopey tonight."
Lonnie Turner eyed his daughter Paige across the dinner table, both eating spaghetti in the nude. Not the most hygienic way to eat but nonetheless they did just that. Paige toyed with her food twisting spaghetti around her fork then removing it to do so again.
"School go okay today? Trouble with Brett?"
"No. He doesn't speak to me anymore."
"Other kids?"
"They're nice to me. Flirt a little more than usual but nothing too extreme."
"Looks like the boys are noticing you more."
"It only took me getting nude in school and rumors flying."
"Teachers or Principal Dewey looking at you differently?"
"No. I don't think they believe the rumors."
Lonnie nods taking a bite. As he chews he forms his next round of questions. "So what seems to be the problem? Josh? Bryan?"
"Daddy? I like both of them equally."
"Want to get away from Tender? What about the other guys you messaged back?"
"No. I want to go on more dates."
"What happens if you like more of those guys?"
"I hope I do. I like being wanted."
"I want you."
"You will always have me Daddy. I just..."
"Want your cake and eat it too?"
"What does cake have to do with anything?"
"Ever since your birthday you've been hooked on sex."
"You're to blame Mister." She pouts pointing.
"That is true. I could overrule you and stop all of this craziness."
"Please don't. I want this...badly."
"You're whining in your kiddy voice. More than usual these days."
"Guys like my kiddy voice. It's natural and you know it. They get really turned on when I sound especially young."
"That it does. I'm hard right now."
"You never go limp when you're with me."
"Another truth." He takes another bite followed by a drink of water. "We need to start focusing on Graduation. Under three weeks now. I've reigned in Josh and Bryan until after you get your diploma. Maybe we should slow down until after then."
"Noooooooo! I want to date some more guys."
"You haven't hit me up on that Mick guy wanting to take your pictures lately."
"I want to pose for him."
"He's probably 55."
"Sooo. Can he take my Graduation pics?"
"Saves me money. I'll give him a call later."
"Can I go on Tender and write guys back?"
"Finish dinner. We'll go see what's on the agenda. I've got at least seven more I want you to look at."
"Can't I search on my own?" She softly pouts.
"I suppose. I guess I'm being overprotective is all."
"No. You just want me to tease the guys you want me to. I want to tease all of them."
She giggles blushing and hiding her mouth behind a napkin.
"Last I noticed you were up to 1700 guys. That's a lot Paige."
"No it's not. I'll stop at 2000."
Lonnie nearly chokes on his water. "2000? Reel it back you're not fucking 2000 guys."
"They all buy me things if I tease hard enough."
"You sound like your Mother now. Speaking of Paula she text me at work today. She wants to take you shopping for a graduation outfit."
"Noooo! She'll demand flower dresses."
"I'll talk to her about that. You need to spend some time with her."
"Mark's always around. He's bald and creepy."
"Looks like a convict just out of prison. I get it."
"I see him looking at me sometimes. He doesn't try anything but I know he gets hard around me."
"Looking for that?"
"Noooo! It's just impossible not to notice. I think he might be as big as Joshy is."
"Sounds like you're studying it awful closely."
"Daddy stop. Ewwww! I'm so not into Mark. He might be my stepdad someday. Yucky."
"Anyway, you should call your Mom and arrange a shopping date. She's bound to want a new outfit to wear to your Graduation too."
"She can wear the flower dresses then. I want something sexy."
"Graduation attire should be formal not sexy. Save the sexy stuff for your dates."
"But, I want to be sexy every day."
"You are. Hell even if you wore a prison orange jumpsuit you'd be sexy."
"I know. Still, I want guys to notice me everywhere I go."
"Call your Mother. Before we go into Tender." He points at her cell.
"Meanie!" She huffs in her seat and puts her hands between her knees under the table.
"Do I need to turn you over my knee?"
"Yes you do." She pouts dramatically.
"Dream on. I've made you crave spankings even."
"Yes you have." Same pouty huff. Her lower lip made him chuckle.
"God I love you."
"Wuv you too." Same huff, now she broke her expression and laughed. Snatching up her cell she locates her Mother in her contact list. A dial later she stands up and paces the living room. Lonnie settled back in his chair and watched her cute ass bobbing from side to side as she paced the floor. He couldn't help but stroke his cock.
"Hi Mommy." Paige spoke kiddy like. "When do you want to go shopping for my Graduation clothes? Tomorrow after school?" She looks at her Father. He had moved behind Paige without her noticing. Bending her over he penetrates her from behind.
Waving at her glare over the shoulder he motions for her to keep talking as he fucked her from behind. "Where are we going to shop? I've been to the Mall a lot lately. I do know some cute stores there though." She whimpers as Lonnie's cock grazes her G-spot. "No flower dresses Mommy. Promise me? I want to look like an adult not a kid."
She breathes heavily as Lonnie rubs her back with one hand and squeezes her hip with the other. "I know I look like a little kid. Don't rub it in Mommy." Lon spanks her left butt cheek. Her eyes bulge. "I'm slapping my legs. I just shaved them." She covered after Paula asked what that noise was. Lonnie silently chuckled and slapped her other cheek. "See? I smacked my leg again. I like slapping it. I know I'm goofy." She giggles.
Lon moved to prying her cheeks apart to view his cock thrusting in and out of her. She wanted to laugh but kept a straight face. She had to hold her breath a bit just to mask moans. "What time will you be here after school?"
A hand moves over her back and wraps her long red hair around his wrist. Clutching tightly he yanks her head back. She nearly dropped her cell. "I dropped my hair brush. My hairs all tangled after my shower." He was proud of her fast thinking.
"Hey Punk?" Lon called over her shoulder, "Spaghetti on the table. Come eat. I'm starving." He pulls out of Paige and guides her to the couch sitting her back and spreading her legs wide. Licking his lips he devours her pussy rubbing her clit with a thumb. Her jaw drops as she feels his tongue sinking deep.
"Be right there Daddy. I'm talking to Mom." She called out then whispers, "Daddy almost walked in on me. I had my towel off. " Her free hand toys with her Father's hair. She wanted to moan really loudly but bit her lip. A wheeze was enough at the moment. "I know. I sometimes forget to shut my bedroom door."
His hands guide her legs back sliding his palms up to the quick of her knees. Her kneecaps touching her shoulders. She observes him lick her pretty pink slit from bottom to top five times before sucking on her clit. She offered an expression of awe as if mumbling "OH MY GOD." hearing Paula talk Lonnie winks at his daughter wagging his eyebrows. "I miss you too Mommy. Yes Daddy is taking good care of me. He's the best Daddy in the whole..." He plants fingers up her hole, "wide world."
She had to pause between. "What are you getting me as a graduation present?" She rambles with a wrinkled forehead. Daddy was eating her really good. Yelping a bit she found her inquisitive Mother needing to know. "I...I stepped on something sharp in the carpet. Ooooo!" She moans slightly. "Bobby pin."
Her head tilts back holding her cell tightly against her ear. "You can buy me a car. Oh yeah, I never took driver's education. I can always take the test." He fingers her really hard suddenly as he gnaws her clit. "MMMMMMM MMMMMM MMMMM! I was making car noises." She giggles taking a deep breath to fill her lungs. "Okay no car." She squeals loudly, "That was my hitting the brakes noise. I know I'm silly."
Lonnie's finger fucking was relentless. Her hormones were fired up and an orgasm was on its way. "College? I passed my SAT/ ACT with a 28.4. That means I'm smarter than 88% of my class." She manages breathlessly. "No I'm not smoking because I sound like I'm holding my breath. Mommy you know I don't smoke. You make me crazy.
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" She squeals loudly and cums across Daddy's fingers and palm. Daddy made her crazy just as much.
"Fine! I'll calm down. Just don't read into my behavior. I'm an adult now even if you and Daddy both see me as a little girl. I want a car." She kicks her legs wildly as Lonnie lifts her hips, and he begins licking her butt pucker. Her tiny button was taunted and she sighs. "It doesn't have to be brand new. Just pink." She giggles at her ticklish thighs. His nose nuzzling her pussy. "Wait! Why is Mark going shopping with us? Can't it be just you and I?" She kicks and pouts dramatically. "I don't want to hang with Mark." She groans, "If he has too I guess."
Lonnie gives up on her anal port and crawls to his feet. In her crunched up position her gaze only follows Lonnie as he stands over her. He guides his dick back into her pussy after swatting her clit with his crown making her whimper. He enters her slow allowing her to watch every inch sink deeply down into her. She was amazed by the her pussy swallowing his girth.
"I need to go Mommy. Daddy has supper ready. I love you. Bye Mommy."
Hanging up she throws her cell to the cushion beside her and moans constantly. Lonnie was plunging deep and she was reeling from the effects. Ten minutes of excessive cries of pleasure he kept her squished back into the cushions. Fucking her until he's forced to pull out and shoot cum down across her chest and chin. Wagging his beast peppers jizz across her face. She had to close her eyes tightly as droplets attached to her lashes. After the drops faltered he rammed deep again, Daddy was on a mission. Five more minutes Paige Turner screams and gushes a fountain around his burrowed beast.
"DAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDDDYYYYYYYYYYY!" She nearly passed out. Staggering upright Lonnie patted her upper leg.
"See you in my office."
He left her there exhausted. Catching her breath almost instantly she leaps up and gives chase. Jumping on his back she wraps her arms around his neck. He laughed and carried his pack into the office. Once there she hops down and bends to bite his ass.
"MEANIE!'
"Me?"
"That was sooo hard not letting Mom know what we were doing."
"Fun though."
"No it wasn't.'
"Settle down or I'll tell Paula to let Mark take you shopping by himself."
"Noooooooooooooooooo!"
He takes a seat and grabs some tissue to wipe his dick off. Hand sanitizer later he fires up his computer. Paige wraps her arms back around Lonnie's shoulders and hovers over him. Entering Tender they face another surprise.
"1710 messages? Seriously?"
"Everyone likes me." She wiggles her chin on his shoulder and whispers into his ear.
"A month ago you said nobody likes me. See how wrong you are?"
"It's because I'm young and act like an airhead. I sound sexy when I talk."
"And, we are going to feed on these bastards due to it."
"Feed on?" She lays her cheek on that shoulder looking at him with curious eyes.
"Yep. Feed on, prey on, same principle. We use them, they use you."
"Use me Daddy?"
"In other words you give them just enough to get your way. Clothes. Jewelry. You name it."
"Are you pimping me out again?"
"You complaining?"
"No." She giggles.
"Look at this guy. Three piece suit. He's a Proctologist."
"A cocktologist?"
"That too." He chuckles. "Anusologist. Coloneyeser."
Paige snorts wrinkling her nose at his jokes. "He must be rich."
"Rich and wants a girl to call him Daddy. We can sucker this guy out of some nice things for you."
"You're my only Daddy, Daddy." She kisses his cheek.
"Regardless! I think with your naturally young look and voice this guy would eat you up."
"Right. Not roleplay if I'm truly like that. Can I take Fuzzy on my date with him?"
"Sweetheart you can wear your Hello Kitty jammies."
"Yay!"
"Let's see what Dr. Frank has to say." Opening up his message Lonnie reads it out loud. "Hello Paige. My name is Frank. I won't go into detail about my career because my Bio explains all of that. I would much rather talk about you. I've searched high and low for a young lady such as yourself. Beautiful in a very youthful sort of way. I can tell although shy that you are full of life. Your eyes are remarkable and innocent. Are you searching for love or just fun? If I'm right I think you prefer older men. I'm 52. I guess I'll know I was correct if you write me back. Tell me what you want. Every detail." Lonnie puckers. "Not saying we meet this one but lets just see what he says to your reply."
"Okay."
"Hi Mister Frank." She giggles at Lonnie's perception of her. "I'm still in High School for two and a half weeks. So ya I'm young. I turned 18 three weeks ago. I've been told I look 15. I even sound 15. Maybe younger. I still wear my hair in piggy tails sometimes."
"Gosh Daddy. You sound just like me. You know me so well."
"18 years around you of course I do." He winks and continues typing. "What do I want? Hmmmm? Yes I like older men. Even though I haven't dated much I feel drawn to much older. I like making guys feel young. When my Daddy takes me places I get silly and act like I'm his girlfriend. Guys get really interested in that. Watching their reaction makes me get sillier. Maybe I'm just goofy but it makes me..." Lonnie pauses and stops typing. "Fuck this lets do video."
"Yay!" She shakes her ass as if dancing while still laying over his shoulder.
"Go put those old Hello Kitty peejays on. Put your hair in pigtails. You're going to lay in bed with Fuzzy and talk softly and innocent, yet really seductive. Just as I wrote him."
"I haven't grown much so my Kitty Glitters still fit. Maybe a lil tight over my boobies they're gotten really big."
"Hurry up."
She scurries to her room and digs out her jammies. She was right her glittery pink pajamas with little Hello Kitty faces all over them fit perfect on her lower half but her shirt could only button up half way. Using white lace ribbons she ties her hair up in pigtails. Lonnie checks her out and pulls her shirt together more. "Don't show cleavage to heavily just yet. It's dark outside so let's light a candle and make it peaceful."
"I'm so excited. I live for this Daddy." She jumps on her bed bouncing first on her knees then standing to dance about on her feet. She fanned her shirt wide teasing Lonnie.
"Settle down Little Orphan Fanny."
He lights a candle next to her bed then snaps his fingers for her to stretch out on her belly. Handing her Fuzzy she snuggles with the bear and offers an innocent timid smile. Lonnie nods. "Perfect. Wanna hold your cell of make this look like its propped up?"
"Me! Me! Me!" she extends her hand to claim her cell.
"Alright. Keep your words soft and playful. You want him to get really turned on. Your cleavage, let's make it look like you popped a button when you roll over. Here lets adjust your bottoms a bit to show a hint of crack." He steps beside her as she lifts her hips. Lon tugs her waist band a tad lower. Stepping in front of her again he puckers. "Go for it Fanny."
"Hi Mister Frank." She flutters her fingers at the cell. "I read your message but I didn't feel like typing. This is better and more intimate. I just turned 18. I graduate High School in two and a half weeks. You are right I do like older men. Boys are meanies. What you see is what you get. My voice is soft and sweet as you can hear. Guys think I'm 15 sometimes. I have ID." She smiles and tilts her glasses up on her nose a bit. "I haven't really dated much. As you said I'm shy. I want to be wilder. I know I can for the right man. Oh, this is my bestest friend Fuzzy. He's soft and cuddly. You wanted to know if I was looking for love or fun?" She ponders the question with a pause. "Can I have both?"
Mister Frank, can I tell you a secret? I hope you don't think badly of me but sometimes when my Daddy takes me shopping or something I get silly and make people think I'm his date not just his daughter. He plays along just to see peoples reaction. I can tell guys like it when I do that. My young voice. My silly attitude. It's really fun. I would like a man who wants me to treat him like that." She smiles and turns over on to her back. The second her held together shirt whips wide she acts as if a button popped away. Pouting she pulls her cleavage together after a healthy show of bulging melons. "I popped a button."
She rolls slightly on her side peering over her mattress in search for it. "I don't know where it went. I can find it later." She lays with the camera aimed straight down at her as she looks up with a shy smile. Holding Fuzzy to her breast she releases the shirts cleavage. Fuzzy hides most of her but a hint of her right tit was left to peek a bit. "I think I need new jammies. What do you think of me now that you've seen and heard me better? Am I what you're looking for Mister Frank?" Paige lifts Fuzzy up and lays him to her side and lets Frank see full cleavage. Mounds were crushed together as she acts bashful. With three buttons opened a good portion stood revealed. Feigning shy she uses her free hand to attempt pulling her shirt together. "I hope so. Would you like to date me? Let me know. Oh, Mister Frank? Don't be shy with me it only makes me more bashful. I won't be offended by anything you say. Even if you decide I'm not your type. Time for my beddy by. School tomorrow. Night Mister Frank." Fingers softly wave goodbye. Video ended.
"That was fucking hot." Lon shook his head. "Give me the cell let's send it."
Yawning Paige lets him take it and actually rolls over, drifting off to sleep. Even if it was only 8:30 PM. Lonnie picks up Fuzzy and carefully places it in front of her. She groggily cuddles with the bear and sleeps tight. Lon set her alarm for morning. Off to send the video.
At 3:00 AM Lonnie wakes up and goes to take a leak. Standing there relieving his bladder he yawns and found himself curious. Washing his hands he dries them and shuffles to his office. Getting online he opens Paige's Tender account. Glued to messages he notes the earlier 1710 had jumped to 1775 in under eight hours.
"Unbelievable." Opening replies to her own he sees three. One from nerd Dillon, another from a guy named Todd, and lastly Mister Frank. "Old man moves fast. Hell they all do. Let's see what Frankie has to say."
"My, my, my! Hello sweet little girl. You honor me with a sample of who you really are. As I sit here sipping wine I admire your beauty. Such childlike qualities are fascinating. Barely legal I see. That...is refreshing. You certainly have my imagination going as to what you might be like in person, face to face. I would absolutely love to invite you to join me for dinner. I understand your time frame with Graduation coming. I can wait until after. Maybe I'll surprise you with a Graduation present. A token of your interest in an old man such as I."
Lonnie nods grinning, "Make it good Frank."
He continues reading. "You warned me not to be shy. At my age that is hardly the case. I will however respect your wishes concerning speaking my thoughts. As I watched your video for possibly the seventh time I found myself pausing it as you lost the button on your pajama top. Your...cleavage is quite lovely. Should my gift be a new pair of pajamas? Then as you lay there looking up at me, your chest opened for me to see. Maybe I'm thinking too much on this but did you show off like that on purpose? If so...very impressive young lady. You are welcome to send me more videos such as this. I do believe I would spoil you after we get to know one another."
Lon smirks, "Oh you're going to spoil my kid hard Buddy."
The message concludes with, "Honor me with another video? Something a bit more titillating? Have a good week Paige."
"I think she can do that Frank." Lonnie yawns and closes Tender. He needed another three hours of sleep.
The next morning Lonnie texts Paige from work making certain she was awake, as he did every school day. She was always up, but it was routine. Once she replied back the response of a noisy "Yaaaaawwwn!" Lon decided to call her before heading in to the Distillery.
As she answers while brushing her teeth Lon fills her in and gives her a mission. "I know you're pressed for time but make another short video for that Doctor Frank as you get ready. Nothing too extreme, but he replied back already. He asked for another video a tad more revealing. Let's be careful considering that it's going on Tender."
"What should I do?"
"Just let him see you getting ready for school."
"Okay. I'll send it to you for approval."
"Good girl. Have a great day in school."
"Thank you Daddy. You too. Work not school though."
Hanging up she stood idle in the bathroom mirror with toothbrush between her lips. Her hands free she sets her cam up for auto record. Propping it well, she waves at the camera.
"Morning Mister Frank. I jumped right out of bed and checked to see if you replied to my video. YOU DID!" She dances in step before brushing some more, showing a closeup of her mouth giggling. Rinsing she spits and shows off her pearly whites. "I need to take a shower real fast. I'll let you watch me but only for a second. I'm afraid to go too far over Tender. Don't blink Mister Frank."
She steps toward the shower looking over her shoulder to see if she was still in the camera angle. After turning the water on to get warm she jumps backwards to tilt it slightly for a better view. Stepping forward to the shower she removes her pajama top offering seductive glances over her milky white shoulder. The shirt lowered more until her entire back was revealed, down to just below her elastic bands. Cast aside, she holds her chest with an arm as she reaches in to test the water. In her sidestep angle the very bottom of her breast was recorded. Standing back upright while peering over her shoulder. "Bottoms off Mister Frank."
She bends over yanking her pajama bottoms down. Pulled from her toes she stands up nude. In the camera Frank would be able to see about two inches of her upper butt crack. "I'll let it record me but it might shut off while I'm in the shower. Removing her glasses and her pigtail bands she shakes out her hair, glasses on the sink. Carefully she shuffles forward and climbs into the shower. Frank would see about 70% of her butt until she vanished behind fogged up shower doors. For the next two minutes her entire silhouette was in view. The camera shut off before she was done. After a wake up cleanse she steps out to dry herself and examine the video. "A lot of flesh but not too much. I'll send this to Daddy." Before doing so she chose to add a second video of her primping.
"I'm back. Blow drying my hair now."
She remained nude but kept her back to him most of the video. A side boob snuck past her movements as she plugged in her dryer. Hands over her head she combed and let him see the same earlier view of her back down to mid ass. With arms up high and busy she dances slowly in step. A hint of side boob on both sides became evident as she swayed. Looking back with hands busy she winks at Frank. "Is that enough Mister Frank?"
She fans her long red hair forward over her chest and covers her nipples before giggling and facing the camera. Her frontal offered full boobage but completely shielded by her mane. Her lower half showed him her belly button down to the highest strands of her pubic arrow. "Message me a few more times Mister Frank then I might text your phone. K? Bye Mister Frank." Just as she hit the button to stop the cam she showed a nipple. She wasn't sure the video captured it in time. She was devious today. Playing it back she flared her eyes, "I'm so sexy. Oh my Gosh. My nipple did show up. One second won't hurt. Off to Daddy, then I gotta hurry and get dressed."
Sending them to Lonnie first, she rushes to her bedroom and plans her daily attire. She hadn't worn her butt zipper jeans since that day with Brett. Since that day everybody had treated her with respect, a little flirty but she enjoyed herself over it. "One more time. Let's see how the boys react." She goes to her dresser for undies but paused. "I know it's risky but let's go commando." Only a bra was worn, a dark blue lacey piece that offered a hint of areola at the top. With a shirt selection she knew too much was bad, so went somewhat conservative. Wearing a grey pullover with a V-neck cleavage, helped accent the blue bra as it peeked above ever so faintly. "I look pretty." Socks and shoes chosen, she grabbed her book bag and headed to catch the bus. Sadly, in her video teasing she missed her school bus by three minutes. Stomping her foot she had to run two streets over to catch a City Bus.
A public mass transit bus was unpredictable so early in the morning. Between students going to school and folks heading to work, finding a seat didn't always work out. Today Paige was out of luck. Forced to the back to find standing room she was somewhat smothered. At 5'2 barely, reaching the hand grips became tedious. It seemed that everywhere she went guys, people in general were enormous. She took the risk of just standing without support between a cluster of what appeared to be college boys. Easily in their ages of 20 to 24 range. With every bump or stop to load or unload passengers she was tossed about amongst them. They seemed courteous in catching her. Hands would either stop her fall or their bodies became a sturdy barrier. Truth be told Paige didn't mind her being tossed about. Four of nine boys were dreamy. Of course she melded into those dreamboats even at the slightest jostle of the bus. They knew it was on purpose.
Eye contact between friends and not so much friends as fellow students read the others mind. All found Paige curiously appealing. The biggest issue among them was the question of how old she was. As ever Paige's youthful appearance gave people a hint of 15. That would be bad. Paige had become used to that look so took to teasing to inform them the possibility she might be older. Having a Hello Kitty book bag did not help. The guy behind her, a medium height blond haired man with a well toned physique noticed her butt zipper jeans. No girl 15 would be allowed out of their parents home wearing those. That made him pucker and nod for his friends to check her out. They all agreed maybe 17? Finally the guy beside her took the initiative to converse.
"Rough ride today. What happened to full capacity?"
Paige looks up at the 6 foot man of shoulder length brown hair and bushy goatee. "I know. I can't reach the handle. I hope I don't make anyone mad falling into them."
"Somehow I don't think anyone objects." He chuckles. "You object Jamie?"
The blond behind her leered down over her shoulder as Paige pressed against his front due to a sudden brake from the driver. "Nope, fall back into me all you want."
She giggles at his smile, "I still have a long way to go to get to school. I might need to."
"Same here. Most of us back here go to the University of Chicago. Probably further than you. Still in High School?"
"Yes. I graduate in under three weeks."
"No shit. You look like you should be a freshman maybe."
"I'm eighteen and I have ID to prove it. I've always looked young."
"Awesome. It's...kind of sexy really."
"I hear that a lot too." She giggles not noticing his friends moving in closer to hear better. Paige was pretty well braced in all directions now. She flared her eyes upward and around at each of them without expression. This might be fun she thought. As another round of bad balance subjected her to teeter totter from side to side she kept her hands held at waist level, palms out.
One good bump led her to fall sideways slightly. Her palm brushing up against the goateed man's crotch. She could easily tell he had a woody woodpecker as she called it on occasion. He looked down at her hand as it remained there. She went into acting mode and looked the other way. Seeing this, another friend stepped closer to her right side. A rough curb turn sends his own crotch against her other hand. She was palming two beasts now and remaining calm. If not blushing a bit. "Gosh! The driver must be new."
"We have you." The blond leers down from behind. She tilts her gaze upward, dangling back with a thankful smile. "My name's Jamie."
"Hi Jamie. I'm Paige."
"This is Clint and Ben. Over there is Ryan."
"Hi."
Another rough brake to retrieve passengers the bus gets filled to capacity. People were elbow to elbow. Ben and Ryan moved closer to Paige still to give room to more people. Only one other girl their age stood beyond Ben the goatee. Paige chuckled up at them. "This is so funny. I might miss my stop because I can't see out."
"What stop do you need?"
"Hilltop and Winstead."
Jamie peers out the window. "Another 6 blocks."
She could feel Clint pressed against her front. His own erection caressing against her tummy. With her pack on she knew it wouldn't be comfy against Jamie, daring to remove it and kneel slightly to set it at her feet. As she did Jamie snuck in to unzip her pants slightly. Not much but enough to see milky flesh peek out. Two inches tops. She felt it but didn't respond other than a flare of her eyes and a thinly pressed smile.
"Thanks Paige. That bag was killing me."
"Sowwy! All better now?"
"Waaay better." He winks at his friends pointing down at her ass and the lowered zipper. Ryan and Ben could see butt crack slightly. Another bump plants her hands back over the crotches of Ben and Ryan. With an evil move Ryan kicks her bag forward as if it shifted. She notices it wincing at her predicament. Before she could crouch to reach for it, Clint chuckled and bent forward at an angle. His face mashed right into Paige's chest. Ryan kicks it again just out of Clint's reach. Paige's eyes bulged as Clint spoke moving his mouth literally over where her nipple should be.
"I got it. I think."
Behind her Jamie laughed and took a risk of zipping her down further. With an expression of blown exhale he gets a good look at her ass. Calling eyes to look, both Ryan and Ben join him.
"It's getting chilly in here." Paige knew it was lower.
"Almost have your bag." Clint's lips mashed over her tit. In speaking it almost appeared as if he were sucking her nipple. Paige shivered dramatically and reared her head back to look up at the three still standing.
"Am I almost at my stop?"
"Getting close."
"So is my zipper. It's almost down." She offers a pouty irresistible look. "You can pull it down all the way. It's only for a few more minutes."
"Nice!" Jamie did just that. Zipper touching its lowest point three hands dug inside to palm her butt. She stood up straight and felt a finger inside her butthole. Seeing the other guys getting the shock of their life Clint removed his lips and stared at Paige. She uses an index finger to call him up closer. As he leans in she whispers, "I'm on Tender."
As her stop arrived she reached behind her and smiled. Zipping up, the guys groan at their loss. With a fast rub over their crotches she giggles and grabs her bag. Looking up at Clint's crotch she got even and bit his erection through his jeans. Moving away she waves and escapes the bus. Standing outside she runs to the window looking up at the guys and blew kisses. Clint would inform them of her being on Tender. They would search all day long if they had to.
Heading another block away on foot Paige Turner was at school. Guys were already noticing her jeans. This was going to be a good day. Calmer than expected she was still wet and that would not fade until the final bell. Beau and the other boys did their best to be respectful to her face. She really wanted to unzip but kept it clean. Graduation was too near to screw it up.
At her locker Paige got a text from her Mom. It read, "Mark is outside waiting on you. Last minute thing at work. He's going to take you to the Mall. Look around and I'll join you there in an hour. Message you when I get there." Grimacing she whined. "Noooo!"
Calming her nerves she left the school and located Mark in his van. A white Raper van as they were called, with no windows on the sides or back. Mark was just so creepy. What made it darker still was his last name as well as his vanity plates were RAPIER. Just like the French sword. RAPIER Van indeed.
With a toot of his horn she walked toward Mark with her head down.
"Get in." He gruffly motioned with a crane of his neck as he turned down his metal music. Mark was a huge man with a bald head, tattoos on his entire upper body. Wearing a solid black t-shirt and pants, boots, and dark sunglasses only added to his menacing appearance. Being muscular added to intimidation. He wasn't as large as Joshy but the man was big none the less.
"Hi Mark. Can I just go home?"
"Little girl? Get your ass in this van."
"FINE!" She copped an attitude. She really didn't like Mark. Mostly because he tried to replace Lonnie, talking bad about him whenever he could. That never sat well with Paige who loved her Father with every ounce of her soul. Her Mother always agreeing with Mark didn't help.
Climbing in she rolled to her right in the seat to locate the seatbelt. In her contortion Mark notices her zipper in back that was ever so slightly unzipped. A fingertip sized amount of skin stood revealed to him. Puckering he reached across in her struggle and dared to unzip it another inch and a half. She didn't notice. As she reeled back he turned up the jams of the band Beartooth and grinned to himself. She pouted the entire way to the Mall.
Mark didn't bother to try and talk to her, he knew she didn't care for him much. It didn't matter to Mark Rapier he didn't truly care about anyone but himself. Her Mother Paula was only there for sex and money. He merely gave Paula the affection required in exchange for his darker desires. Desires that Paula had grown to adore. Namely bondage. Allowed to be normal around Paige, Paula was meek and obedient otherwise. In a sense maybe Paige took more after her Mom than she considered. Her Father Lonnie also in a sense doing the same toward Paige. At a slower rate concerning the bondage aspect, but Lon did control his kid.
Nearing the Mall Mark decided to speak finally. CD player volume low he leers over at Paige. "Any thoughts on what you wanna do after you graduate?"
"Not really." She didn't even look his way, out the passenger door window instead.
"College?"
"No. Daddy can't afford college. Even if I got a grant."
"Yeah! College tuition sucks. Probably need to go get a job."
"I think Daddy has ideas on a job for me." She conceals a smirk with the ball of her palm, her elbow on the door frame.
"Oh yeah? What's Lonnie have in mind?"
"Nothing."
"Nothing isn't the same as having ideas."
"I don't want to talk about it."
"You could always be a stripper." Mark chuckles expecting her to flip him off. "Lots of money in that."
"I'm too shy for that." She scowls rolling her eyes at him. She wasn't. Mark didn't need to know.
Parking near the carousel Paige recalled riding it with her Uncle Mike. As soon as Mark shut the van off Paige unbuckled and veered right again to open the door. Mark smirked and reached over and unzipped her jeans another inch. Paige in climbing out didn't react to it. Either she was dumb, Mark thought, or she just hadn't got a draft on her revealed skin. Mark chuckled at her negligence. He was pure evil.
"Wait on me." Mark barked as she froze in step with her arms folded. "Leave your bag in the van." She stomps her foot and returns to throw the bag in the seat. Slamming the door she marches back to where she had stood. Mark locked up and joined her looking down with narrowed eyes. "Straighten up or you won't be getting anything."
"I don't care. You're not the one buying me a dress."
"I can put a stop to your Mom buying you one just like this." He snaps his fingers.
"Good. I have other clothes to wear."
"Like those weird ass jeans you're wearing? I can only imagine how your Mom is going to react to those. Who bought those? Daddy?"
She hadn't thought about the fact her Mom would see her in the jeans. She thought she would be picked up at home giving her time to change into something less risqué. Eyes bulging she nearly had a panic attack.
"I ordered them from EBay on the gift card Daddy got me for my birthday. He..doesn't know I have them."
"Ohhh, really? Maybe I should just tell him and get you grounded for life."
"Go ahead. I'm an adult now I can do what I want."
Mark pulls his cell from his back pocket and snaps a pic of her backside as she pouted facing forward. "Funny thing. I have a buddy that found out something interesting about you."
"What?" She faces him as he hides the picture he had just taken. He switches to another AP on his cell. "Look what he discovered." He shows Paige her profile pic on Tender. "Your Mom doesn't know about this. I'm not gonna tell her either. I watched your Introduction video with my Buddy. You've certainly grown up Kid."
"I'm eighteen. W-who is your friend?" She was worried suddenly that it might be somebody that had seen her next to nude or had sex with her. She couldn't imagine who would even want to be friends with Mark though.
"My secret. Hard to imagine you on Tender. That video sure didn't show that shy side I'm used to seeing when you come stay a weekend."
"Who is your friend?" She begged slightly. "Have we talked on Tender?"
"Maybe. I told you I won't rat my friend out. I won't rat you out either. As long as..."
"Don't blackmail me Mark. I don't care."
"No but your Mom would. It would destroy her what I know about you."
"Noooo! Mark don't be mean to me or Mommy."
He moves closer to her and leans over face to face with her. With a dark grin he exhales, "I say and do what I want Runt. What I want is for you to start being nicer to me."
"Nicer as in, Hi Mark good to see you again?" She whimpers hoping to make him less intimidating.
"More like, Hello Sir. How may I serve you?"
"WHAT?" Her jaw drops, "Noooooo! I know what you do to Mommy. I don't..."
"Have a choice?" He finishes her sentence with a sneer.
"I'll just get off of Tender and tell Daddy everything. I'm not going to..serve you like Mommy does."
"Try it, you might like it."
"Not with you."
"We'll see future Step kid."
"No we won't." She pouts heavily wanting to call her Father to come get her. Mark wouldn't have that. He knew her cell was in her book bag, nice and locked up in his van. Pointing toward the Mall Mark nudged her through the lot. She caved in and took off into the Mall without him. He called her a little cunt and did his best to keep up with her. In her bolt away from him she hid as best she could, moving from store to store. As she blended following him at a distance she spots a familiar face, the old man Mickey who wanted to take her pictures. He was running an oasis photography stand, taking photos of young couples, children with their parent, etc. As he finished up with a couple she sprinted to his side.
"Boo!" She playfully made him jump. The grey haired older man of his late 50's feigned a heart attack making her droop her jaw in a panic. He quickly chuckled and acknowledged that he was fine.
"Well hello Sansa."
"You remembered."
"I'm not too old to be a Thrones fan. Where's Daddy?"
"At home I think. I'm here with my Mom's evil boyfriend. He's trying to blackmail me. Will you help me? My cell is in his van."
"Where's your Mother?"
"She will be here sometime but I'm afraid to face her with Mark. She will take his side."
"What does he have to blackmail you with?" Mick appeared concerned glancing around for someone who looked menacing.
"That's him in front of the Pet Store. The bald guy with tattoos."
"He looks mean."
"He is."
"Want to use my cell to call your Dad?"
"Yes...oh pooh! I don't know Daddy's number by heart. He's just under my contacts so it's easier." She frowned and hugged closer to Mick for safety.
"Should I call Security?"
"Noooo! Mom would hate me. Just keep me safe until Mommy gets here. She can call Daddy for me."
"Alright! I don't have any other folks in line at the moment. You just sit in that chair. Call it a throne fit for a Queen."
"Sansa." She does her best raspy voice. "Maybe I should hide in the fur store." He makes her smile.
"You just stay by me Sansa dear. I'll keep you safe." He eyes Mark searching high and low. As Mark looks his way Mickey stands in front of Paige and hides her with his bulk. Mickey wasn't exactly a small man, tall but portly in appearance. Moving toward his setup booth Mark was under twenty feet from her. In a held breath squeal she drops to her hands and knees peering at him from behind a curtained barricade surrounding Mickey's setting. Glaring down at Paige in her mousey stance Mick notes her butt zipper down a couple inches. How could she not notice it? Of course the jeans were still buttoned and tight. With her ass in the air the gap between fabric spread open more. In a sly move Mickey snapped a picture with his .35 MM, no flash needed. Looking around for eyes on them he reached down and pinched her zipper gently pulling it down another inch. She still didn't notice. It was now down almost four inches low. Unreal! He could see the upper crest of her butt pucker. Another secretive photo shot. The Oldman still had it in him.
Moving away from them, Paige remained down low as people walking by noticed with curious eyes. Some winced, laughing as the Photographer stared at Paige from behind. Once Mick became aware he had an audience he mutters. "Did you find your contacts Dear?" Paige looked at the ground and swiftly removed her glasses looking up with a wince as if poor eye sight. They knew better. Nice try.
"I don't think they bought our cover story." He chuckled.
"Oh well. I don't care." She sits up on her knees and puts her glasses on. "Thank you for hiding me out Mister Mickey."
"Lord that gave me the chills." He shivers.
"What did?"
"You and your mousey, kidlike voice. Calling me Mister Mickey."
"Oh!" She giggles and crawls around him to the opposite side in case she needed to hide from Mark should he return.
"It looks like he got a phone call." Mick warned her.
She looks up like a groundhog looking for a shadow. "It must be my Mommy." In looking Mark turned facing directly at Mickey and Minnie. Crouching low with her ass in the air her zipper crept open, lower still. The constriction of her knelt position unzipped it another two inches. She felt a draft now as it was nearly all the way open. As Mickey poised his camera a hand appeared bending over the curtain.
"YOUNG LADY! WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?" A hand tries to zip her up frantically, but as Paige jumps the hand accidently enters her private space. A fingernail jabs her butthole. Paige yelps loudly and rears up beet red at being goosed. Looking back in shock there was a woman not much taller than Paige was, standing at 5'4, 125, shorter red hair but darker in tone. Her body style very similar to her daughter's.
"MOMMY!" Paige reaches behind her to discover her zipper down and cringes. "It must have come unzipped."
"Why is my daughter behind this barrier with you?" Paula folded her arms awaiting an answer from Mickey. The old man casts a thumb toward Mark who was just now joining them.
"She was hiding out from your boyfriend there. Said she was really uncomfortable around him."
"Who are you to interfere with my daughter's family life?"
"MOMMY! Please don't yell at Mister Mickey. He's a friend of Daddy's. I asked him to keep me safe."
"Safe from what? Mark? Why would Mark hurt you?"
"Yeah! Why would I hurt you?" Mark shakes his cell at her which had the Tender photo of her on the screen.
""You know what?" Paula shook her head with an expression of pure aggravation. "I don't care why at this moment. Zip yourself up. I need to wash my hands. UGH!" Paula turns away knowing her fingertip had been in her daughters anus. The thought of cleanliness took over. "Stay with Mark."
Reaching behind her Mark shook his head telling her not to. She hesitated until Mickey jumped in. "Look Buddy, I don't know what you have on the kid but I'm not gonna stand for..."
"Ohhh Security?" Mark looks amused, "Can you check this guys camera for dirty pics? I swear I saw him being perverted."
Mickey swallows and looks to Paige sweating hard. "I have to stay out of this Kid. Have your Dad call me. I'm sorry." Mick left his booth and went to grab a drink. Secretly he switched film out with one in his pocket for protective measures, in case he did need to produce pics. The older film he stashed away in his sock. Paige pouted feeling sorry for Mickey.
"I hate you Mark."
"No. You love me and want to do whatever I want you to do. Don't make this any harder than it has to be. When Paula gets back you apologize to me and treat me with respect or I'll show her everything. I have more on you than I let on Squirt."
"What?" She whines. "What do you have?"
"Video. Pics. You name it."
"From who?"
"I told you I'm not ratting them out."
"But, you'll rat me out if I say no to your sick meanie..."
"In a heartbeat." He cuts her off. "Trust me your Mom will side with me after I tell her I was afraid to fess up what I knew. That I wanted to keep our family together. Imagine how crushed she would be by you being manhandled by guys and loving it."
"Please don't do that to Mommy."
"Then tell me what I want to hear."
Pouty to the point of tears she chokes slightly. "I'll be nice to you."
"Better than nice. One of these days here real soon I'm fucking every hole you have."
"Noooo!" She sheds a tear finally.
"Dry up. Get through today. Let your Mom buy you whatever dress she wants to get you. We'll discuss things soon enough. Oh, and if you tell Lonnie about this I'll go out of my way to ruin him too. Got me?"
Nodding she snivel's and dabs her eyes on her wrist. Luckily she wasn't wearing mascara today. Five minutes later Paula rejoins them, still upset by her daughters behavior.
"We should just do this another time." Paula scowls noticing Paige had been crying. "Mark? Can I have a minute alone with Paige?"
"Mark?" Paige swallows dryly. "I-I'm sorry."
"No problem. Keep your chin up Kid. I'm on your side."
That made Paige huff and roll her eyes. Paula shook her head with concern. "What is really going on here?"
"Nothing. I don't like Mark is all. Mommy? I know what he...does to you. I saw it on his laptop once."
"What?" Paula flared her eyes. "What did you..."
"Everything. I saw you tied up. He was spanking you with some kind of whip. You were nakie. He...put his...thing in your mouth against your will. Other places too."
"Oh my God!" Paula covered her embarrassment, as her daughter normally does. "This is why you're afraid of Mark?" Nodding shyly Paige couldn't even look at her Mom. Taking a deep breath and hiding her own tears Paula exhales loudly. "Honey? I'm sorry you saw that. Mark should not have left his laptop open with that on it. Sweetie? You have to understand that he and I...well...we live differently than most people. I...like being treated like that. Mark only acts mean, but it's to turn me on."
"Oh! It looked scary. Like he was hurting you."
"Not at all. Sweetheart I'm so very sorry you had to see that. I hope we haven't scarred you for life. Not all men will treat you like that. You will find a sweet young man who will respect you."
Paige almost wanted to laugh. She didn't want a sweet young man. Truthfully Paige desired guys who took control. She just really despised Mark Rapier. He was not as nice as her Mother knew.
"I hope so. Guys...barely talk to me."
"I don't know that I believe that. Where on Earth did you get jeans that zip in the ass?"
"Online." She lied.
"Does your Father know of these?"
"No. Daddy doesn't pay attention to what I wear."
"I think he and I need to discuss those jeans. That crusty old man was drooling all over himself looking at your tushy."
"Mister Micky would never hurt me Mommy. He is friends with Daddy. He was even nice enough to buy me a pair of boots when Daddy couldn't afford them."
Overcome by thoughts Paula finally breaks her emotional buildup. "Okay! Let's buy you a cute dress for Graduation. I'll arrange a hair appointment the day before."
"I like my hair long. Please don't ask me to cut it off."
"You need your ends trimmed at least." Paula caresses her daughter's hair lovingly. "What type of dress did you have in mind?"
"Flowered?" Paige cringes not wanting her Mother to be offended by her compulsive floral wardrobe choices. At this point Paige felt compelled to let her Mom be happy toward her. Even if it meant being tortured into wearing flowers.
With a scowl Paula shook her head. "Let's compromise. Floral top with an all black skirt."
She points behind them at a store window. A mannequin wearing just that popped, it was perfect. Paige's eyes went wide.
"Yessss! Mommy I love that dress."
"Good! Let's go try it on."
Mark Rapier was left behind. Sneering at them he hadn't realized that Mick Huber had taken long distance photos of him. With a telephoto lens he captured a look at his cell with Paige on the screen. Two could play dirty. Mick was devious too, but the man had a heart.
"Don't you worry Kid. Grampa Mickey has your back."
M-I-C...See? Micky did care. K-E-Y...Why? Because he had his own agenda.
No M-O-U-S-E.