Danica awoke Wednesday morning tired, sore, and blurry-eyed. After winning the pole position the day before for the Daytona 500, she spent the night sitting on her crew member's poles until the wee hours of the night.
She rubbed her eyes and thought to herself, Fuuuuuck! I've got to race 125 miles at 200 miles per hour today? Fuuuuuuuck!
After a hot shower, multiple cups of coffee, and several Excedrin's, she slipped into her custom made Nomex fire suit and bright green driver suit. The fire suit was white with her sponsor's colorful logo splashed across her breasts. The bright green driver suit, along with her many sponsors that covered it, fit as if it were painted on, showing off every sexy curve of her tiny, lithe body. She felt better just by putting it on, like a superhero of some sort.
At the front of the team's car hauler was a plush meeting room. An L-shaped couch sat against two of the walls facing multiple TVs. The room was filled with electronics and various comforts of home. Danica, her crew chief Scooter McGee, and chief mechanic Steve Monty were seated on the couch discussing race strategy, how the track might change during the race, possible changes to the car, etc.
Scooter looked to Danica. "So, I'm thinkin' after 15-20 laps you bring 'er in and we'll park it. That's give you enough time to shake 'er down, see how she runs in the draft, stuff like that."
Danica's eyebrows furrowed. "Bullshit! I'm winning this thing!"
"Look, Danica. This car is fast. You've got the pole locked up. We don't need to be tearin' 'er up and startin' from scratch."
"I'm running the entire race and I'm winning this fucking race."
Scooter took a deep breath. "Okay, let's do this. Keep 'er up front and stay outta trouble and we'll keep you on the track. You slip back to mid-pack and you bring 'er in. Okay?"
"We'll see."
Scooter snapped his fingers. "Oh! Hey, while I'm thinkin' about it..." He proceeded t unzip his pants and pulled out a thick, hard rod.
Both Danica's and Steve's eyes flew open wide.
"What the..." Steve stammered.
"What the hell?" Danica asked.Jesus! Look at the size of that monster!
"Didn't Tony and Gene talk to you about this? A blow job before every race."
"Well, yeah, we talked about it."
"And you agreed to it?"
"Well, yeah."
"Then I guess you best get to suckin'," he said while he waved it at her.
"Yeah, but...but this isn't a points paying race!"
"Will you be on the track?"
"Well, yeah."
"Racin' a bunch of other cars?"
"Well, yeah."
"So, you would consider this a race, right?"
"Well, yeah."
"Then get to suckin', bitch."
The sight of it made her wet between the legs. "But...but..."Damn, it looks delicious!"But I thought that was only for points paying races."
"Fine. Suck it. Don't suck it. We had an agreement. Makes no never mind to me. I'll be on top of another box tomorrow."
She knew he was right. Scooter was one of the best in the business. If he left, for one she'd be completely screwed, and secondly, someone would snatch him up before the race was over.
"Okay. Fine. You just caught me off guard. It was a misunderstanding. But, you're right, we had an agreement." She slowly lifted herself off the couch.
"You know what? Why don't you strip? Since you're bein' such a bitch about it, why don't you strip like a good little whore before you give me my blowjob?"
"That wasn't part of the agreement."
"It is now. Strip, bitch."
Steve sat on the couch slack-jawed at the events unfolding before him.
Danica's body temperature was rising with each word.Am I really getting turned on by this man's domination? With his degradation? Am I really getting this wet at the thought of stripping in front of these two men and giving one man a blowjob while the other watches? Have I really become this big of a slut?Deep down inside she knew the answer was "yes" to all of her questions. She stared at Scooter's veiny shaft and licked her lips without realizing it.
The two men watched intently as she loosened the Velcro collar of her suit and lowered the zipper until it reached her waist. With a shimmy of her shoulders, the top half of the suit fell past her hips. She tugged at the suit clinging to her hips and shoved it down past her knees. It gathered at her feet and she stepped out of it. She grabbed the bottom of the Nomex top, lifted it, and pulled it over her head. Her long, brunette ponytail fell out and down her back. The men stared at her taut upper torso and recently enhanced breasts. She paused for a moment with a slight grin. She finally grabbed the waistband of the Nomex leggings that ran from her waist to her feet and tugged. She pulled them lower and lower, bending at the waist. Once the material was at her feet, she kicked it to the side.
She allowed the men to fully take in her tan, naked beauty. Her breast were full and perky. Her dark pink areolas encircled thick, erect nipples. The thin strip of perfectly trimmed pubic hair lay just above swollen, pink lips. Her clear brown eyes sparkled in the bright lights.
"Wow," Steve said in a hushed tone.
"Very nice," Scooter said in true appreciation. "Now, let's get busy. The men have things to discuss."
She fell to her knees in front of Scooter and slid between his legs. He watched as she wrapped her tiny hand around his thick mast. Her hand barely wrapped around it and made it look even larger than it actually was. She pointed it skyward and leaned in.
"Mmmm! Oh yeah, that's nice. That's a nice touch," Scooter said with a smile when her tongue landed in the crease of his nut sack and ran up the vein.
Her tongue looped around the purple tip, then dipped between his legs and repeated the procedure. She swatted at his wide hole, and then dove in.
Scooter's head snapped back when he smacked against the back of her mouth. "Oh! Oh fuck yeah. Ohhhh, yeah." He looked across at Steve's stunned face. "Oh, yeah. This ain't the first cock she's sucked."
Her head began to bob in and out of his lap while Scooter and Steve went back to discussing race strategy.
"Wait. You...you mean you actually negotiated, you know, this?" Steve asked.
"Fuck yeah I did! If I'm gonna be wrenchin' for some snooty, IndyCar bitch, by God, I'm gonna get more than a paycheck out of it!"
"Fuck. If I'd known that was an option..."
"Okay, enough about this cunt. So, listen, if this bitch says she's runnin' hot, like she is right now, we can pull some tape off the front, right? But then that's gonna make her tight in the corners."
Steve tried to concentrate on the conversation but was understandably distracted. "Oh, uh, well, we can put some wedge in it and, uh, you know, take out a rubber."
Scooter nodded with his hand on the back of her head. "Yeah, right, right. Maybe lower the tire pressure, too, huh?"
The men continued to talk for a few minutes before Scooter finally addressed the elephant in the room.
"Goddamn this bitch can suck dick! She fucks like a $2 whore, too. Wanna take her for a spin, Steve-O?"
A look of shock crossed Steve's face. "Do what?!"
"Fuck her. Fuck this bitch! The way she's polishin' my knob, I know her pussy's sloppy wet."
"Are-are you sure? I mean..."
Danica released Scooter with a "pop" and looked over her shoulder. "Come on, Steve. Don't you want to fuck me? Don't you want to fuck my tight little pussy?"
"Well...uh...are you sure, Scooter? I mean, uh, don't you, you know, want to, you know..."
"What? Do I want to fuck her? Hell no! I don't want no part of that nasty pussy. Fuck! This bitch has had more cocks stuck in that nasty thing than any whore in New York City I'll bet! You know how I know? Because she sucks cock like a pro! But be my guest."
Danica got off her knees and bent at the waist, her ass pointing straight at Steve. "Come on, Steve. Don't you want to fuck me? Come on, I'm so hot right now. I want you. I want you to stick your big, fat cock in my tight little pussy."
"See? Looky there. She's fuckin' beggin' you, man!"
Steve looked at Danica. "Seriously?"
She nodded with a sexy grin and drool on her chin. "Mmmmmhmmmm," she cooed.
Steve lifted himself off the couch and unzipped his pants. "Well, if you insist." Just before Scooter grabbed her by her ponytail she saw a perfectly average pud fall out of Steve's pants.
"Who told you to stop suckin', bitch?" Scooter asked. Danica coughed and gagged when he shoved her back into his lap. He looked over her back as Steve was moving in. "I'm gonna stab this bitches brain before I'm done with her."
Danica sighed when Steve touched his tip to her swollen lips. His head snapped back when he parted her silklike folds while Danica gave a loud, muffled squeal.
"Holy shit she's tight!" Steve announced.
Scooter chuckled. "That's surprising knowing how much that thing has been used." He tugged on her ponytail. "Isn't that right, bitch?"
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Scooter nodded at Steve. "Now fuck that shit like you own it!"
Steve grabbed her hips and began to thrust his hips. "Ohmagawd she feels good!"
Scooter began to shove down on the back of her head. "C'mon, bitch! I know you can take it all! I know a whore like you can take it down your throat! GAH!" he barked when her face buried in his groin. "I knew this fuckin' bitch was a cock gobbler! Fuck!"
The room quickly filled with the scent of sex and sweat. Each drive of Steve's body drove Scooters meat deep into Danica's throat. She had forgotten about the fact that this whole exercise was a contractual obligation. She was beginning to come to the realization that she was nothing but a cock craving cunt who just happened to drive cars at 200 miles per hour.
It wasn't long before she felt a pair of 750 horsepower engines racing up the straightaways of her thighs while the pistons driving those engines continued to pump her from both ends of her tiny body. Her moans became longer and louder.
"Ohmygawd! She's squeezing me so hard!" Steve announced as sweat rolled off his face onto her ass.
"Ha! This bitch is about to cum, aren't you, bitch?! You're gonna cum like the fucking whore that you are, aren't you?!"
"Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!" She felt both men throbbing in their respective tunnels.
"Oh shit! I...I don't know...how much longer..." Steve stammered.
"Yeah, me, too! She's about to suck the chrome right off my hitch! C'mon, let's use this bitch like the cum dumpster she is!"
"O-o-okay!" Steve stuttered.
The twin engines racing up Danica's thighs crashed violently in a fiery explosion. "Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmgggffffkkkkkk!" 1,000 rescue trucks wouldn't have been able to extinguish the flames that were setting every nerve ending on fire. But the two hoses inside of her were going to unleash their contents anyway. Her body began to shudder and shake.
Steve's hips began to stutter. Her spasming muscles clamped down on his pipe. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" His claws dug into her hips. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ohhhhhhh fuck! Fuuuuuuuuck!" His warm foam shot into her, quickly filling her cavity.
Scooter forcefully forced impaled her face on his sword. "Ready? Ready, bitch? Huh? Ready? Uh huh! Uh huh! Uh! Uh! Uhhhhhgggggaaaaaa!" He shoved her face into his groin and held it there. His thick, salty spunk packed into her throat to the point of overflow. It seeped out through seal between her lips and his skin across his balls onto the leather seat.
He held her head there. Her throat was filled with cock and cum. She coughed and gagged while her body begged for air. Just as the room began to spin and go dark, Scooter pulled hair on her ponytail. She gasped for air just before he jammed her into his lap again. He pumped his hips into her face hard several times before finally using her hair as a handle again. When Steve pulled his plug out, a stream of milky white immediately began to streak down her tan legs.
Scooter looked down at her face and his lap. A mixture of saliva and cum covered her chin and dripped onto her chest.
"Goddammit, look at the mess you made. Now clean it up!"
"Yessir," she said obediently and dove into his lap once again. She lapped at the jizz covering his nut sack and couch until both were clean. "Good girl."
Steve was already standing and zipping himself up. "That was fucking amazing," he panted. "I, uh, I should probably go take a shower before, you know, the race."
Scooter looked at Danica. "Yeah, slut, you should probably go take a shower, too. I don't want some cum-covered cunt driving my race car."
"Right!" Danica stood on wobbly legs and looked down at her cum splattered cum catchers and streaked thighs and walked to the bar area.
"Where the fuck do you think you're going?" Scooter growled.
"I...I'm just grabbing some paper towels to, you know, wipe myself off. I don't want...this...getting all over my uniform."
"The fuck you are!"
"What...what's that supposed to mean?"
"It means you're going back to your hauler just like that."
"What?!"
"But you're right. I don't want that shit to get all over your suit. Here." Scooter stood, took his sponsor-covered mechanics shirt off, and handed it to her. "Here, you can wear this."
She through it over her shoulders and buttoned it up. The tails hung down to the middle of her thighs.
"How about some pants? Are you going to take those off, too?"
"You don't need no pants."
"What?! You want me to go back to my hauler like...this?!"
Scooter shook his head. "Nope." He walked to her and unbuttoned the shirt past her breasts. "I want you to go back to your hauler like that."
"Are you fucking kidding me? What if somebody sees me?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Tell 'em you tore your suit and I was kind enough to lend you my shirt."
"Goddammit," she said under her breath as she gathered her clothes off the floor. "Fine." She walked to the door.
Just before she opened the door, Scooter smiled and said, "You know what? Let's do this. When you come through that door from now on, and I'm here, just strip and leave your clothes there at the door."
Her jaw dropped. "Do what?!"
"And call me 'master'. When we're in this room, you call me 'master' from now on."
"Are you fucking kidding me?! What if somebody else is in here?!"
"Who gives a fuck? Everybody knows you're a fucking cock-loving whore. And you'll be choking on dick, so what do you care?"
"I...I...grrrrrrrrr!" She turned and stomped through the door.Why did that whole thing make me so wet? Why does the thought of someone seeing me naked and giving him a blowjob get me hot just thinking about it? My God! Am I really a cock loving whore? Oh my God!
*****
It was finally time for the first of the two Budweiser Duels. It was finally time to race. It was finally time to do what she did best -- drive something on four wheels fast. At least, that's what she used to do best, until she became a human cum dumpster.
Danica brought the field to the green flag in her bright green number 10 car.
"Boogity boogity boogity! Let's go racin', boys and girls!" Darrell Waltrip howled from the TV booth as the cars raced to the green flag.
"There they go!" Mike Joy chimed in. "Charging off into turn one! And, for the first time ever, with a female leading the way!"
Danica finally lost the lead after 10 laps of the 60 lap event and quickly fell back to fifth.
"Okay, let's run in traffic for a couple of laps and see how she handles, then bring 'er in," Scooter said in the radio.
"Fuck that!" Danica yelled into her mic.
"Come on, Danica," Scooter replied calmly. "Let's not tear this car up. Let's keep it in one piece and start on the pole Sunday."
"Fuck that! I'm winning this fucking race!"
"Okay, we'll leave out there for a few laps. But let's be smart about this." There was no reply from the driver. Scooter looked at Steve sitting next to him. "Fucking bitch. So help me God, if she puts one dent in that car..."
35 laps into the race there was a caution, bringing most of the field into the pits, including Danica, who had been running in the front pack the entire race."
"Okay, you've proven your point, you can run with the boys. Let's call it a day," Scooter said as the cars traveled down the backstretch under yellow."
"I told you, I'm winning this race! Fuck off!"
Scooter looked at Steve. "Goddammit," he muttered.
*****
As they raced down the backstretch coming to the checkered flag at over 200 miles per hour, Danica was running third in a six car breakaway behind Kevin Harvick and Jeff Gordon. It was going to come down to these six drivers.
Mike Joy had the call.
"Here they come, out of turn four! Kevin Harvick, Jeff Gordon, Danica Patrick, Denny Hamlin, Jimmy Johnson, and Dale Earnhardt, Jr.! Who's it going to be?!"
"Somebody's gonna have ta jump outta line!" Waltrip announced. "They might just stay in line and be happy just they way they are? I mean, this ain't the race. You're racin' to get into the Daytona 500! Gotta look at the big picture, Mike!"
"No way!" Larry McReynolds chirped with excitement. "Second place is the first loser! They could be playin' tidily winks, they'd still want to win! You've got three Hendricks' cars in that group! If they can get together..."
"Here they come!" Joy yelled. "Is somebody going to...oh, Gordon jumps to the outside! Harvick tries to block!"
Suddenly, all three announcers yelled in unison, "OHHHHHHHHH!"
"They touch! Oh no! Harvick's car shoots up the track and takes Gordon with him! Oh, they take two more with them! Danica stays on the bottom! Danica Patrick is going to win her Budweiser Duel!"
The crowd went berserk! The yells of excitement drowned out the sound of the engines as they came down pit road past Danica's celebrating pit crew. Danica pumped her fist in the car.
"Nice race, driver," her spotter high in the stands said matter-of-factly.
"Good drivin' there, bitch," Scooter said into the radio with a smile.
"I told you I was winning this fucking race!"
She pulled onto the front stretch and began to do the customary donuts at the start/finish line. Smoke surround the car.
"Burn that baby down!" Waltrip cheered.
"I'll bet there's going to be a party tonight!" Larry Mac chimed in.
"There she is!" Joy observed. "Her car emerges from the smoke and comes to a stop. Looks like she's climbing out of the car. Maybe she's going to grab the flag from the flag man? Oh, wait. She's climbing onto the door. She raises her arms in celebration! It looks like she's unzipping her suit? Hey, look at that! Her sponsor is on her fire suit! And...wait a second...holy cow!"
Danica unzipped her suit all the way down to her waist, the reached inside, grabbed the bottom of her Nomex fire protective shirt, and lifted it to her chin, flashing the crowd her brand new bra busters. The crowd lost their minds.
After a strong count of 10, Danica redressed, climbed into her car, and drove it towards victory lane.
"Well, there's something you don't see every day," Joy dead panned.
"I wouldn't mind seein' her win more often if that's how she's gonna celebrate!" Waltrip laughed.
"If she starts winning more often, they're gonna have to add seats at these race tracks!" Larry added. The three men roared with laughter.
"Let's go down to Steve Byrnes. He's with our winner in victory lane," Joy said, still chuckling.
After the mics went dead, Larry looked at the other two, "I hope she wins a lot more!"
"Do you think we talk the rest of the guys into just lettin' her win every race?" Waltrip added. The three men roared with laughter again.
Steve Byrnes was right there as Danica climbed out of the car.
"Here she comes! The first woman to ever win a race at NASCAR's highest level!" Her crew hugged and lifted her into the air. Once they finally dropped her onto the ground, Byrnes was right there. "Congratulations, Danica! So, what was going through your mind right there at the end? What were you thinking when you came across the finish line? Did the gravity of what you've just accomplished cross your mind when you came across the finish line?"
"Ha ha! What was I thinking when I came across the line?" she said with a chuckle as she peeled the top half of her suit off her shoulders and tied the arms around her waist. "Honestly, I came when I came across the line. Seriously! I literally came when I crossed the line! That was one of the best orgasms I've ever had! Wooo! If I win more races, I won't need a man! Ha ha!"
The answer clearly caught Byrnes off guard. "Oh! Uh, wow! I mean...wow! Um, so, uh...hey! That was some celebration you did out there!"
Danica opened the two bottles of water her crew handed her and took a long swig. "Ha! Yeah, well, you know, Carl does his back flip. Helio climbs the fence. Well, nobody else has these!" She stuck her chest out with a wide smile. Her pointed nipples nearly broke the camera lens. "Hey, I paid a lot of money for these babies!"
"Well, uh, the crowd certainly seemed to, uh, enjoy it."
She took another swig of water. "Dang, Steve, it's fu(bleep)in' hot out there!" She proceeded to hold the bottles over her head and poured the contents out across her face.
It was like watching one of those pens with the Hawaiian dancer on it when you turn the pen upside down and her dress slowly disappears. As the water fell off her face and down her front, her custom-made Nomex fire suit began to turn transparent. As the water raced down the front, so did the transparency. The material clung to her curves like they were painted on. She might as well not have been wearing anything.
*****
The producers in the TV truck outside the track were jumping frantically.
"Holy shit! You can see her...her...fuck! You can see her fucking tits!" one shouted.
"What do you want me to do, boss?" asked the man at the controls.
"Fuck!" another producer shouted.
"Fuck it! Technically she's still dressed. Fuck it! Keep the camera on her!"
"Jesus Christ! The ratings are gonna go through the roof!"
"I just hope I still have a job tomorrow!"
*****
Back in victory lane, Byrnes was trying to maintain some semblance of normality In the midst of the chaos.
"So, um, Danica...Danica!" he shouted, trying to get her attention. "So, Danica, what are you going to do to celebrate this historic win? Surely you're going to celebrate!"
"Oh, geez! I...I hadn't really thought about it, Steve. I mean, geez..." She looked back at her crew with a wide smile. "I mean, I'm still pretty fu(bleep)in' sore from our celebration last night! Ha!" Her crew cheered wildly. "I dunno, Steve. I'll bet we figure somethin' out, right guys?" The crew cheered even louder. A crooked smile crossed her face. One eyebrow raised. "How 'bout it, Steve, wanna join us?"
Byrnes jumped when her hand landed in his crotch and grabbed the bulge in her hand out of camera view. "Oh! Uh, well, uh, yeah...Ha! Yeah, uh, we'll have to see," he replied nervously.
"Byrnes, you fuckin' pussy!" Larry yelled into a dead mic in the booth. "Are you fuckin' gay! If you don't say 'yes' you're a gay fuckin' pussy!"
"I'll go if he doesn't!" Waltrip stated.
Joy looked at his partners. "Fuck that! I'll go even if he does go!"
Larry nodded. "I know for a fact she can handle all three of us! And then some!"
"I have it from a reliable source she was down at ol' Shadows workin' the pole last night," Waltrip offered.
"I heard she worked more than one pole last night!" Joy countered.
"I've got a big ol' pole she can work on!" Larry barked, grabbing his crotch.
Still in victory lane, Danica thought to herself,Fuck! I'm not going to be able to walk tomorrow! And it'll be worth every minute!