I am 28M and this is the story of the time when I was on my way back from Pune to Mumbai via the AC Shivneri Bus. Before I had onboarded the bus, while standing in queue for the ticket, I had noticed that most of the passengers were unfortunately unattractive middle-aged men hence I had no hopes of having a good time in the bus or even the possibility of being seated next to an attractive girl.
As I was staring into the abyss and waiting for the queue to get shorter, I had noticed a moderately attractive middle-aged woman standing next to her portly husband in the queue. She looked like someone who might have been amazingly attractive in her glory days. It was hard not to think how the fuck did this uncle manage to get a hold of this aunty back in their days. Alas, arranged marriages in India still rule the roost so what can I say. I did however notice that they looked like they were constantly waiting for someone as they kept looking back towards the refreshment zone of the bus stand.
Since they were standing right in front of me, I too turned to look in the same direction as they were and that is when I noticed a drop-dead gorgeous girl walking towards them. She was about 5'8" and looked younger than me maybe early 20s. She was wearing a pair of light grey tight low-rise yoga pants that had partial see through fabric in the "right places" such as all the way from the top of her outer thigh to the ankles and also in the front from the top of the knee to almost close to her hip near the crotch. I wondered how did she have the confidence to wear it while travelling with her parents.
Moreover, the waistband had been folded down so her hip-bones were visible and I was pretty sure, her lower back dimples over the ass-cheeks would also be out there for display. She was wearing a midriff baring white coloured spaghetti strap top; which seemed to be marginally bigger than a sports bra; with a decent cleavage. She also had a cardigan to top it up for "decency" as per Indian Girl standards. However, I did notice that the cardigan was netted and almost a see-through flimsy fabric.
She was carrying three glasses of juice in her delicate hands when her parents beckoned her to hurry up. She proceeded to jog which lead to her boobs to bounce to and fro, pulling down her top. In the midst of all the commotion, she might have missed a step and spilled on of the glasses on herself. Soaked in orange juice right from her boobs all the way down to her crotch, she flushed with embarrassment. Since her yoga pants were light grey, and her top was white, needless to say the juice made them even more transparent. She rushed to her parents who started scolding her for wasting the juice, she retorted back in reflex rightly pointing out that they were asking her to hurry up.
Her parents were at the ticket window and hence didn't seem to have noticed the effect of the juice on her clothes. She had pulled the top away from her body in an attempt to prevent it from revealing further. That is when I noticed the valley down her blouse from behind her, and guess what, she wasn't earing any bra. When they go their ticket, they rushed towards the bus. She followed suit, picking up all the luggage, making me wonder whether they had issues with her, leaving her like that.
I would have offered to help her with the luggage, but I had get my own ticket first.
I got my ticket was proceeding towards the bus when I noticed that she was trying to fit in the luggage in the compartment of the bus. The compartment door that swung upwards wasn't staying up and kept falling on her. I grabbed my chance and offered a hand at holding up the door. She seemed relieved and thanked me for it and proceeded to load the luggage inside. There wasn't much space up front, so she had to practically bend over and fit herself halfway inside the compartment to push her luggage further. As I was admiring the view of her perfectly toned ass and dimples, I wondered how could she possibly be able to remove all of that while getting down at her stop in Mumbai.
Finally she was done with the luggage, she turned around and gave me a brief nod of gratitude and proceeded towards her seat. I closed it shut and did the same, tailing her. Her parents were already seated on their respective seats 23 & 24W. Hers was right behind them, 25 and she promptly sat there making herself comfortable. I glanced at my ticket and as luck would have it, mine was 26W, RIGHT next to her. I was getting hard just by the thought of spending 4 hours sitting beside her. However, I noticed that she was seated in my seat 26W and I politely asked her what her seat was. To which she replied that hers was 25. Maybe she wasn't aware that she was sitting in the window seat which was mine, but I let it go and sat next to her.
I could smell the orange juice quite strongly and I was wondering if she knew about it. Apparently, even her parents were aware of it and they told her about the same. She cutely sniffed herself and groaned in dismay, citing that all the luggage was boarded below including any replacement clothes and there was no time as the bus was about to leave. She decided it was a good idea to take out some wet wipes from her handbag and start rubbing them all over her frontal body. I tried my best not to look as I was aware that she was revealing more that she had bargained for, but ultimately I was a single guy and a glance wouldn't have hurt (wink, wink).
She was out of wet wipes and still smelling of the juice, albeit mildly. In a haste, she took out some tissues and poured water over them and started dabbing herself as if she was taking a bath in the public. She completed the charade by spraying some deodorant and then heaved a sigh of relief. Even I noticed that the smell was no longer lingering anywhere. However, we both noticed that in the process, she had made "herself wet" from the front so much that her clothes were even more see through than before. She decided to pull over her cardigan and zip it up but then noticed that even that had become. She was left with no choice but to remove her cardigan and keep her top held away from her body till it dried off. If she didn't do so, the AC of the bus would surely pierce her body with pneumonia.
She took off her nylon netted cardigan; which would dry off quicker than her top; and spread it over the top of the seat right in front of her where her Mom was seated. Now she was simply holding her top away from her body, that is when the bus started and the AC gave a gush of cold wind. She was close to shivering and I was wondering whether it was just the cold top. She tried to keep switching sides to save herself from the cold air and when she turned away from me is when I noticed that her top was BACKLESS. There was just one set of threads starting from her underboobs all the way to the center of her back tied in a knot. Her cute butt crack was on display and I couldn't help but stare at her. I was also feeling sorry for her but then I really didn't have any solution for her plight.
As the journey progressed, I was feeling sleepy. My elbow which was on the handrest, slid further towards her seat and came in contact with her bare back. She seemed to have noticed it and instantly turned herself up such that now her arm was in contact with my elbow. I pretended to be fast asleep and ignored her movement. The lights had been turned off and I could sense from the sound that we were entering a tunnel. Despite the darkness of the tunnel, there were dim lights on the sides for bare minimum illumination. That's when something very weird happened, I heard multiple clicks of fingers in front of my face but didn't open my eyes fully to see it.
Then the clicking stopped and I gently opened my eyes halfway to witness the most exciting sight in a long time. Apparently this girl was changing her clothes in the "darkness". She must have elbowed me atleast a few times, and stopped out of fear of waking me up. But she continued regardless because she had to finish off her deed before the tunnel would end.
I watched keenly as she pulled off her top, her boobs bounced and her pale complexion almost radiated the interiors of the bus. I figured that the cardigan must have dried off hence she might have though it was a "good idea" top change into a netted see through fabric dry cardigan from her wet cotton top. I didn't want to judge her decision as I knew it was indeed a tough call, but there was something incredibly sexy about just wearing a cardigan on top, nothing else. As she was wearing her cardigan, I noticed the light at the end of the tunnel inching closer. She must have panicked and in a haste to fasten it, pulled at the zip so hard that it broke off. I heard the clink on the floor of the bus and she gasped. As the bus escaped the tunnel, I quickly closed my eyes and continued my pretence of sleep and she instantly bought her hands closer to her boobs to cover herself.
I noticed that my elbow had been poking her side torso and I noticed that the cardigan itself wasn't that long either. I wowed at her daring attempt to hide herself despite all the challenges. I was getting turned on by the situation and couldn't believe that a hot girl sitting right next to me is almost semi-naked and in a very delicate and compromising situation. Now, generally I am a nice guy but come on, it isn't everyday that I would be a part of such an exciting scenario.
So I decided to have some fun and dropped my phone between our seats such that it fell below her legs. She looked at me and I gave a sheepishly fake apologetic look. I asked her politely if she could please retrieve my phone for me to which she said that it would be difficult and I should go ahead bend down and I take it myself. I told her that it would be better if she could get up from her seat and give me some space so that could fit in below the seat. She hesitated for a moment and told me that she wouldn't mind if I bent over to receive it while she was seated.
She plopped her legs up on the seat in front and as I bent down, I noticed that her wet top was lying there as well. I casually slid it towards the bottom of my seat without her noticing me doing so. I pretended to not being able to reach my phone and told her that my back was really giving away, if she could help me by picking it up for me or getting up that would be great.
Now, both of us knew very well that if she were to bend down and pick it up herself, she would end up revealing a lot more than if she would just get up and stand in the aisle till I retrieve the phone. She asked me to step aside so that she could get up, to which I happily obliged. As she was standing in the aisle clutching against her barely there cardigan for dear life, the bus gave a sudden jerk and she lost her balance and fell on my lap. My right hand came in contact with her underboobs and waist and it sent an electrifying impulse though my body and I was on the verge of exploding in my track pants. My dick twitched against her face and we both realised the awkward situation we were in. She flushed with embarrassment at her predicament and tried getting up without using her hands. I wondered if she had enough core strength to do so and apparently she didn't.
I decided that it was my time to be a gentleman and I put my arm around her bare waist and the other around her shoulders and gently picked her up and seated her on the armrest on the aisle side, which then disappeared inside her ass cheeks. I proceeded to bend over and retrieve my phone for which I took my own sweet time. As I was bent over, the bus took a sharp right turn and as inertia would have had it, she got thrown off the armrest onto the seat in the space between the seat and my back. I noticed her body pressed against mine and I got off the seat and bent over my knees on the bus floor, finally got my phone and took her top along as well.
I got up and noticed that she was lying across perpendicular on our seats with her legs dangling in the aisle. I gave her a smirk and waved her wet top across her face. She pretended to give a look of shock and panic, but eventually she knew that the game was up. I mean there she was holding tightly against her cardigan which itself was netted and see-through, unzipped such that her belly button and pelvis was on full display. She shook her head in shame and got up and crouched onto her seat. I sat down and asked her if I could be of any help, all the while grinning from ear to ear. She looked at me in disbelief, clearly shocked at my audacity but finally spoke up.
She said that she has been an exhibitionist since teenage and turned to it as a response to a stressed and underconfident childhood. But she said that the thrill of getting caught is always worth the risk. I told her that I was incredibly impressed at her antics, right from the moment she dropped juice over herself to when she was "secretly" changing in the dark.
We continued to have a conversation about life and other things and I noticed that she seemed to have "opened up" to me gradually. I asked her if she had any next steps in mind to make this even more daring to which she scoffed at me, and signalled that her parents were seated right in front, although fast asleep.
I couldn't help but ask her what would she do when the bus stops for a break or finally when she gets down? How was she planning to explain this to her parents and what would they think of her? I mean no matter we live in the Western part of India which is more progressive and liberal compared to the rest of the country, but this was beyond all of that.
She said that if she could locate the zip of the cardigan and try to reattach it with my help, that would solve the issue temporarily. I just stared at her in utter disbelief and blurted out "Is that your 'Solution'? It didn't even occur to you that you should atleast TRY to dry out your spaghetti top?" Her jaw dropped but she converted it into a sensual and flirty smile and asked me to handover the top to her. I did so obligingly and she spread it atop over the seat in front again. She then asked me if I could help her locate the zip, I said I had done enough bending over for the day and was developing a back pain, to which she scoffed and said "Yeah, sure ofcourse you have backpain now". I gave her a poker face and she proceeded to hold her cardigan shut with one hand and started groping around in the dark for the zip.
I switched on my mobile torch to help her out and oh boy, that cardigan was indeed see through. The holes were uneven and made me think what was the purpose of it in the first place? Coverage? Hah, definitely not. Her exposed back and buttcrack shining against the bright light of the torch was looking very sexy and inviting. I wondered how I can get close to her without looking creepy. That's when I had an idea and I said "Maybe, if you are unable to find it, sitting on the seat, you should look for it lying down."
She looked up at me with a pierced gaze and then thought to herself and said okay. She got up with great difficulty trying to cover herself, and asked me to just casually take a look over the people sitting around us. I got up, pretended to access my bag for my water bottle and started drinking it. As I was done looking around aimlessly, I noticed that many people were fast asleep, even her parents. I beckoned her to get up and as she was doing so, her top which was dangling in the seat in her front, fell down. Instinctively, she bent over to pick it up and forgot her situation and let her cardigan open up and boobs spill out. She had the most generous set of 34 C breasts, firm, taut and round enough to cup even in the dark.
She caught me staring, got up, stood very close to me and gave me the top to hang it in the overhead compartment. I did so and in the process forgot that I had the water bottle cap unfastened in my hand. I ended up spilling water over her top (which was drying out, but not anymore) and her entire body, thus wetting her yoga pants and cardigan as well. Now, she was properly fucked. She looked at me in disbelief and I started a string of sorry's, saying I am a clumsy fucker, it was an honest mistake. At this point she just gave up, she put her hands to her side and let her boobs fall out. She gave me the broken zip and asked me to fix it quickly, so that atleast she is covered till the next rest stop.
My hands trembled as I tried to fix her zip, trying my best not to touch her flat and sensuous belly button. She kept staring at me and shook her head in disbelief. Her yoga pants were now basically transparent and she wasn't wearing any panties either. She said "You must be really enjoying this right?" To which I curtly replied "What's to say that you aren't eh?". We both looked into each others' eyes, I gave her cardigan a final tug and fixed the zip. I proceeded to close it from bottom to upwards and as I was nearing her boobs, she put a hand on my hand and stopped. I thought, she might want to close the remainder herself, but boy I was wrong.
She let it be, and I was like "WOW! Look at you! Your nipples piercing through the holes of your cardigan, your pants stuck to your body in a shapely form, you look ravishing. She winked at me, grabbed my collar and dragged me down with her to our seats. I was on top of her, we started making out and I started to feel every inch of her body. I put one hand up her cardigan and the other down her yoga pants, and started massaging her. She started moaning lightly and that gave me a killer hard on. She grabbed my dick through my waistband and started stroking it, I came all of a sudden, after all I was just a generic Indian Male, and it wasn't everyday that I got to make out with such a hot girl. She didn't judge me for it and told me to let her know when I was ready for a 2nd round. I told her the rest stop is here, and let's freshen up and then continue later.
We both got up and started straightening ourselves up, the driver shouted that the bus would only wait for 20 mins. Most people started getting up from their seats except her parents who still seemed to be fast asleep. She said that there was no point in waking them up either as she didn't want them to see her in this state of undress. I told her that I could offer her my T shit but she denied, she said there is a store nearby and something could be worked out. As we were getting down the bus, everyone started staring at her, wondering what in the world is this half wet girl doing wearing such clothes, but no one seemed to care beyond a certain point.
We went to the respective washrooms, and I masturbated like there was no tomorrow. I released a lot of load and came out, cleaned myself up and dried my entire track pant at the hand dryer. We both met outside, and she seemed to have found a temporary solution for atleast her nipples. She had stuck two pieces of cello tape on her boobs to cover her nipples. I loved her creativity and complimented her for it as well. As we walked into the convenience store, and started looking around, we realised that there really wasn't anything worth wearing. Finally, she grabbed a towel and some scissors. She said that she had seen a DIY top video and wanted to get creative.
I admired her quick wit even more and gave her a tight hug from behind. As I did so, I might have covered her breasts with my arms and as I was releasing the hug, something stuck to my arms. I pulled them off instantly with a jerk and realised that it was the tape which she had stuck to cover her nipples, who knew it was a double sided tape! I couldn't believe my eyes as she was standing at the counter in front of the shopkeeper, boobs out and torn netted top and me standing behind her like a dumbfuck.
She quickly covered herself with her hands and the shopkeeper couldn't help but start laughing. She looked at him annoyed and confronted him, to which he told that 'Ma'am, I had told you this while you were purchasing that we only have double sided tape, but you didn't listen to me and in a haste just packed it and took off. Anyway, your bill is 350 rs. She whispered in my ear that she hadn't bought her handbag which had the cash, instead her phone was down "there" and signalled towards her crotch. I told her that I could pay instead but she denied, she said that she wanted to see the look on the shopkeeper's face when I retrieve the phone from her ass crack.
I happily obliged and pulled her yoga pants down to retrieve the phone, but it wasn't there. She smiled to herself and I pulled her pants from the front as well and started fingering around near her pussy and pelvis but still couldn't find her phone. Now I was thoroughly shocked and asked her 'Have you shoved it up your pussy?" She slapped me on the chest naughtily; unknowingly opening up her cardigan in the process; and said "No silly, I have squeezed it in my buttcrack!" and smiled at me coyly with a twinkle in her eyes. I just stared at her in awe, and put my hand down her buttcrack, and pulled her phone out. She trembled but regained her composure. She unlocked the phone, did the payment by UPI and we proceeded to head out.
The shopkeeper just stared at her in disbelief and gave me a thumbs up. I noticed that he was looking at her ass and then I realised that I hadn't pulled her pants up. I grabbed the elastic and started to pull it up but she resisted me. She said that she would like her ass to hang out. I couldn't believe my ears and told her "Hey, we are out in the open and people are going to stare. What if someone makes a video of you and uploads it on social media?" To which she said that she is infact an influencer on Instagram and wouldn't mind the extra following. I told her that there are more dignified ways of earning a following and she looked back at me and asked me to list down some of the "dignified" ways.
I have to admit that I couldn't think of even ONE and I gave up. She grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the back of a shop from where we could keep an eye on the bus. She proceeded to make the DIY top and asked me to keep helping whenever needed. Basically she had created a dinner napkin sized top out of a towel and it was only lacking some fastening material from behind. As she was wondering how to make threads to tie, I signalled her towards the cardigan that she was wearing to which she said that although she could use the nylon, but it was so brittle that it wouldn't "stay up".
Then she had an idea and asked me if I was up for it? I asked now what? She said that we could take piece of the elastic waistband of her yoga pant and then staple it to the towel top and then tie it around behind her. I was like great! That is a brilliantly innovative idea and given the circumstances, the fact that you are not completely naked by now itself is an achievement. She said that the real fun lies in the tease, and it is always good to leave something to imagination. Well she did have a point though even after seeing half her ass and boobs, I still wanted to see her naked once.
She snapped me out of my daydream and asked me to pull at the yoga pant from the front as far as I could. I did so and couldn't help but notice her bald pussy. She took out the scissors and within two diagonal snips, she pulled out a chunk of the elastic. Now this should have been enough as after stretching it, it would cover her entire back from sideboob to sideboob. But, as luck would have had it, the piece of elastic wouldn't release itself from the remainder of the band and she pulled at it vigorously, pulling out an even bigger chunk. She kept on pulling at it until she felt her yoga pant loosening up at the waist.
I jumped in to help her and with one tug, ripped out the entire waistband. I shamelessly looked down at her pelvis and we both burst out laughing. She told me, its okay, the yoga pant was still tight enough to keep itself up against her body, only thing she would have to shove a part of it inside her butt cheeks. She said that way she can keep them stuffed into her clenched butt cheeks and not let the yoga pants fall off. I just admired her thinking and gave her a playful smack on her ass. She then tied the elastic waistband across the towel top and wore it and told me to take a picture. I showed it to her and she said that it looked too conservative in the front and took the scissors and snipped across a generous amount of cloth so that her cleavage was on display.
She smirked at me gave me a wink, I kissed her and grabbed her hand to run towards our bus which was honking incessantly to call all the passengers. As we were running towards the bus, I missed a small ditch and we slipped and fell into it. In the process, the transparent see through part of her yoga pant at the front and right side came off. Now she seemed really embarrassed and people had started to take out their phones. She hadn't even noticed that in the fall, her butt had unclenched and her yoga pants had started to roll down as well. Ultimately, she asked me to stay ahead incase her parents saw her state of undress.
We boarded the bus, the driver glared at us and we ignored him and proceeded towards our seats. I told her that her parents were still asleep and she can chill out. We reached our seats, she heaved a sigh of relief and plopped her ass down revealing a generous 3.5 inches of buttcrack and downblouse. She said that she needs to fix her yoga pants and she started cutting up the transparent fabric out front and sides. Once she was done, she looked like a weird fashion model's puzzle wherein you have to fill in the blank pieces. No piece of cloth was covering her in entirety.
I told her we still have the top which might have dried up by now and she got up to take a look only to realise that it had disappeared, someone had stolen it. She looked at me in horror, and almost broke down when I put an arm around her and started consoling her. She looked even sexier when she was vulnerable. I told her if her pants looked so distraught, then we had only one option, convert them into hotpants. Better to bare her legs than make them look patchy and beggar like. She agreed reluctantly and lifted up her ass. I took the scissors and pulled at the material away from her body and started cutting up. I kept making short and straight strokes and ultimately the output did look like a work of art.
She was quite impressed and threw away the cut up legs below the seat. The only problem that I thought was that when she lifted her legs, her pant's leg holes would open up slightly and reveal her pussy. She noticed the same but said that she had done enough adventure and alterations for the day, and meanwhile needed to think of an answer to explain her state of undress to her parents. The bus had entered Navi Mumbai by now and people had started to get down. She said that soon her stop would also come and said that it was great meeting me. We exchanged numbers and proceeded to make out one last time.
As I was fondling her breasts through the top, I was amazed at the precision with which she had created it using a towel and an elastic band. I had to be careful of her ass though, because of the lack of elastic, the pants were relatively loose. She stroked my dick one last time but this time I lasted longer. She was mighty impressed and told me that she had been with guys with longer dicks but still they hadn't lasted this long. I told her my secret that once I had kept an erection for3 hours straight and she dismissed me, saying I must have consumed Viagra. I denied it but she wouldn't listen and just smiled coyly, looked deep into my eyes and gave me a strong kiss. We locked lips for a while and then the driver shouted about a stop. She said "OH SHIT! That's mine, I need to get down.
She got up, straightened herself and woke her parents up. I extended my hand to say goodbye, she proceeded to shake mine, instead she grabbed my dick playfully and slapped it. I noticed that I hadn't pulled my pants up after the ordeal and I flushed with embarrassment. She winked at me and said goodbye, her parents were asking whether she had bought new clothes on the way to which she said yes. They started questioning her choices and she replied that she was a strong independent adult and should be allowed to make her own choices.
They left the bus, her father opened the luggage compartment, she went in grabbed the luggage while her Mom called for an Auto. They loaded their stuff into the auto, she looked at me eagerly and I smiled back. We motioned each other "Call Me" and went off our separate ways. I will never forget this bus ride ever.