Amy was my best friend in high school. I used to come over to her house all the time to study, talk, play video games, whatever. I was a typical computer geek, tall and skinny with a mop of black hair that never laid flat. Amy had long straight blond hair, blue eyes, about 5'3, with tits that were a little too big for her petite frame. She hid them with baggy turtleneck sweaters so no one noticed, including me, until about sophomore year. I could tell she had a flat tummy and sexy bubble butt, after years of studying her when she wasn't looking and trying to imagine her under those dorky clothes.
Amy was damn sexy, but she wasn't popular because she was a shy, quiet girl and wasn't into sex, beer, and all the things the other kids talked about. So no one really thought of her as hot. Except me.
By senior year, I couldn't stand it anymore. I had to have her. I was sick of jacking off to the thought of her naked. But I knew I couldn't scare her off. Amy was the best friend I had, but it was time for her to be more than a friend. I planned carefully. We'd never talked about it, but I was pretty sure Amy wanted to wait to have sex. She wasn't religious or anything, but she just wanted to make sure she was ready and had met the right guy. Well I was the right guy, only she didn't know it yet. One Thursday night I went over around 10pm, so I knew her parents would be asleep. I called her on my cell phone from the front yard.
"Yeah?"
"Hey, it's me. I'm outside your house. I'm freaking out about that Spanish test tomorrow. I could really use some help."
"Do you know how late it is? This couldn't have occurred to you earlier?"
"Yeah, sorry about that. I thought I had it covered, but then I started freaking out. Please Amy, you wouldn't want me to fail and have that on your conscience now would you?"
She sighed. "OK, but we have to be really quiet. My parents love you but you know they'd flip out if I had a boy over here after they went to bed. They can't know, OK?"
"Absolutely. I promise."
She softly clicked open the lock on the door and opened it for me. We padded quietly to her room, which was unfortunately next door to her parents room. I heard snoring through the door as we passed. We flopped on the bed as usual. In the light of the small bedside lamp, I could she had her books spread around the bed -- she must have been studying already. For a while, she quizzed me on Spanish vocabulary and I answered, messing up occasionally to convince her I needed the practice.
In my head, I was rehearsing what I'd say. I was prepared to lie through my teeth to get inside her, if necessary. She hadn't undressed for bed yet, though her feet were bare. She was wearing a white button down blouse and knee length green plaid cotton skirt. God, I loved it when she wore skirts. Less of a barrier between me and her.
She saw me looking distracted and said "Adam! You said you needed this!"
"Sorry," I said. "I do. It's just that --" I stopped and looked soulfully into her eyes. "I just get so distracted around you. Amy, I have been wanting to tell you for a long time. You're the only girl for me. I'm in love with you." I closed my eyes. God, I sounded like such a pussy. But this had to work. I opened my eyes again to see her staring at me, her eyes starting to tear up.
"Really?" she asked tremulously.
"Absolutely!" I slowly leaned over and kissed those perfect plump lips. A few soft, brief kisses on the lips. Then I pulled back. She looked startled, but not mad. Her eyes were a little unfocused. Before she could say anything, I went back and kissed her again, slipping my tongue in a little. I could taste her cherry lip gloss. I was already excited. It was so hard to go slow. After a moment of indecision, she slowly started tonguing me back.
I knew she'd be hesitant to take off any clothes, so I decided to turn her on as much as I could with her clothes on. I drew my fingertips lightly across her nipples, through the fabric of her shirt and bra. She sucked in her breath suddenly. I flicked my fingers up and down over the nipples, then rubbed them in circles.
"Adam..."
"It's OK. Shhh. It's not wrong. We're both plenty old enough, we're 18 now, and I love you and would never hurt you. Just relax." She relaxed and I massaged her breasts in each hand. God, she felt good. Just like I imagined. So soft and pliable, yet firm. I couldn't believe I had my hands all over Amy's breasts. If only the guys at school knew what her baggy sweaters hid, how they'd envy me! I intensified the kissing, plunging my tongue in long, deep strokes. She was momentarily distracted, so I gently began unbuttoning her shirt, one button at a time. I don't think she noticed until I pushed the sides of the shirt apart. She pulled back suddenly, clutching her shirt together.
"Adam, we can't do this."
"Why not?"
"It's only our first --" she meant to say date, then realized this wasn't a date, and blushed. "We just started -- we're going too fast!!"
I tried to put my flash of frustration to the back of my mind. She needed comforting, right? I wrapped my arms around her in a hug, so that our bodies joined from head to hip. She relaxed and hugged back.
"I would never want you to feel rushed," I murmured in her ear. "I know it's all new, but doesn't it feel good?" She nodded against my ear. "OK, then it can't be wrong, right? It's not like I'm some guy you've never met. We've been best friends since middle school. You know I'm not like those other guys. I'm not just into you for your body. Besides, it's not like we're gonna have sex or anything." I mentally crossed my fingers behind my back.
She drew back, looking relaxed and comforted. "You're right, I'm being silly. I've just never done this before, you know."
"Well I'm glad. I wouldn't want any other guy to see you. You're so damn beautiful, Amy."
Her eyes never left mine. She leaned back on her pillows, as if in a trance. I guess no guy had ever called her beautiful before. Her shirt fell open to the sides, and for the first time I saw her lacy black bra straining to cover her tits. My cock jumped. Oh, God, I couldn't let her see the raging hard on I was about to get. I leaned over so that I was lightly lying on top of her. I told her how amazing her breasts were, and slowly, gently pushed the black fabric up so that her breasts popped out beneath it. Oh, God. I nearly came right there. They were perfectly round, nice and large, with big pink areolas and nipples pointing straight at me. In the minute it took for me to regain control, a look of fear came in her eyes.
Before she could object, I leaned in and sucked her nipple into my hot mouth. Her whole body jerked, and she stifled a cry. I sucked and sucked for all I was worth, letting my left hand stroke her thigh lightly. I wanted to rip all her clothes off and pound her right then. But I knew I couldn't. Slow and steady. Her head was thrown back on the pillow, eyes closed, back arched. She was in another world.
I transferred my mouth to her left breast, and at the same time softly put my hand on her knee, just under the hem of her skirt. Agonizingly slowly, I pushed my hand up her thigh an inch at a time. Her skin was smooth and warm to the touch.
She whispered my name, either in warning or in desire, I couldn't tell and didn't care. By now my hand was cupping the crease where her thigh met her pelvis.
I crept up a little higher so that my body was positioned between her legs. A few books fell to the floor. She was moaning softly as I gently worried her nipple between my teeth. By now, my cock was painfully hard and felt as big as a bowling ball. I drew back to take her all in. She was lying back on her pillows on the twin size bed, lips puffy from my kisses, white blouse still flung open wide, lacy black bra pushed up, porn star breasts poking out beneath. Her stomach was heaving a little as she gasped for breath, her eyes hazy. Her plaid cotton skirt was bunched up around her waist, and her legs were spread wide on either side of me. Now I could see her sexy flat abs leading into black bikini panties, covering the mound I had fantasized about for so long. There was a little wet spot on the crotch. Oh, Jesus. I felt my cock twitch. The only thing that kept me from coming right that moment was the thought that it would take a while get it up again afterwards and I wasn't willing to wait. I moaned with longing.
"Baby, I want to see you."
I reached down and gently hooked my thumbs into the sides of her panties, prepared to slide them down.
"No, Adam! I can't! You said we wouldn't go all the way!" she whispered furiously, clutching my hands tight.
"We won't," I lied. "I just want to see you. You are so sexy. Please."
She still looked uncertain. Again, I felt frustration rise, and pushed it away. "OK," I said, letting her think she won. She relaxed a little.
I reached down to her crotch and hooked a finger into the V of her panties, gently pushing them aside. She didn't move. Oh my God. There was the soft light brown hair I'd dreamed about, trimmed neatly short, leading down to a glistening drop of pearly juice at the entrance to her cunt. I wasn't gonna make it much longer.
It took all my effort to tear my eyes away from that sight and look into her eyes. I told her gorgeous and sexy she was and said I wanted to make her feel good. She nodded imperceptibly. I backed up and lowered my face to her crotch, still holding her panties to the side. I drew my hot tongue along the length of her slit. Her whole body bucked, and she squeaked. I plunged my tongue into her warm, silky wet hole, as deep as it would go, over and over. She started making all sorts of noises, writhing on the bed and struggling to keep her voice down so her parents wouldn't hear.
After a few minutes, my tongue starting making firm, quick circles around her clit, while my hand reached up and gently tweaked her nipple, and in no time her body seized up and she came powerfully. She collapsed limply on the bed, gasping for breath. This was my chance, while she was recovering. I pushed down my sweatpants so my cock sprang out, ready to go. In the same instant my other hand pushed her panties aside. I positioned myself between her legs again and placed the tip of my cock at her entrance. Bells and whistles and cannon were going off in my head. This was it. I pushed just the head of my cock inside her. She was fiery hot, dripping with silky fluids, and so tight that her walls grabbed my cock and held it. I couldn't take this for long.
"Adam," she whispered weakly. "You said you wouldn't!" She looked boneless, drained of all energy from her orgasm. Her hair was plastered to her sweaty forehead. I pushed inside a little bit more. Now she sprang into action, sitting up a little, trying to close her thighs, and crying "No!"
"Shhh!" I whispered. "Your parents --" At this opportune moment, with the head of my cock inside her, we heard her parents' door open and someone shuffled to the bathroom across the hall. We froze. I started praying and frantically trying to spell the alphabet backwards to hold myself off. Mercifully, we soon heard the toilet flush and someone shuffled back across the hall. Her parents' door clicked shut and we heard the bed creak as someone got in.
Before anything else could happen, I seized my chance, covered her mouth with my hand to stifle her cry, and shoved deep inside her.
Oh god oh god oh god. How to make this moment last? I lay there, gasping with need, letting her become adjusted to me, while the bells and whistles in my head clanged even louder. I was bottomed out inside her, the tip of my cock against her womb. After a moment, I took my hand off her mouth. She started struggling silently, shoving at my chest, kicking her ankles on the bed, and twisting her torso back and forth. Her large breasts were bouncing inches from my face, and the whole effect was incredibly erotic.
At this point I was beyond pretending, beyond caring what she wanted. With my right hand I swiftly pinned her wrists to the wall above her head, more to minimize distraction than because she was hurting me, and with my left hand I gripped her bottom, fitting her to me more firmly. I pulled almost all the way out and rammed in again, with long, deep strokes, at first trying to go slowly and then abandoning all control and rutting madly, my balls slapping against her bottom.
Her face was screwed up, eyes tight, and I could tell she was trying not to scream in protest, frustration, and desire. I knew I wasn't hurting her, but she'd still be pissed at me later. With each thrust her tits bounced beautifully. I was pushed into her so deep that her knees were bent back towards her tits. She was so, so hot inside and her pussy was gripping me so tightly. I cupped her ass more firmly, bringing her up to meet me a little as I pounded away. My cock started twitching. Her eyes shot open in alarm.
She hissed at me: "Adam, no, you can't come in me! We don't have any protection! Don't make me pregnant! ADAM!" I ignored her over the roar in my ears. It was too late anyway. On my last thrust I buried myself in her up to the hilt, splitting her wide open, and shot my hot, sticky load right into her cervix. I came in spurt after spurt. I nearly blacked out. I had never come so hard in my life.
As I slowly came back to earth, I gradually became aware of the world around me again. Amy was crying softly, lying still. I gently took both of her wrists in each of my hands and drew them down to lie at her sides. I was still buried deep inside her. I never wanted to pull out. I allowed myself a brief image of living my whole life with Amy impaled on my cock.
What could I say? "Amy, I love you," I whispered. "That was wonderful. You are incredibly sexy. I hope you'll forgive me in time. I couldn't help it. You just drive me wild." Each sounded stupider than the last. I slowly, gently extricated myself. I pulled down her skirt and buttoned her blouse back up. She drew up her legs up under her and curled onto her side on the bed, still crying softly. I couldn't think of anything else to do, so I left, quietly.
As I walked home, I felt like I could leap over telephone poles! Before I feel asleep that night, I jerked off to the memory of what had just happened. Whatever it had cost me, it was worth it to have the memory of hot sex with a gorgeous girl. I rolled over and went to sleep with a smile on my face.