*** Authors Note: Any similarity to real persons or places described within this story is probably not an accident, although I've made the effort not to expose anybody too much. The story circulates around a girl I met once, who told me some of her story. I will always regret not having spent more time with her. Enjoy & please leave your comments, good or bad! ***
*****
With shaking fingers I started the process of unravelling whatever shit storm must have broken overnight.
I scrolled through the calls first in order. Last night there was one from Robbie, my brother, then from Davo, my boss at Halligans. Then this morning there was one from my mother and two from Kelly, all in the last hour or so.
I didn't look at the texts before I made a quick decision and called my brother back first. He answered on the first ring.
"Sam, what the hell was going on last night? You're all over the internet with your bits showing on the balcony of the pub you work at! And mum knows about it too."
Oh. My. God. What the hell has happened? My first thoughts went back through the events of last night on the balcony with Conor.
"Sam?" Robbie's voice brought me back to the present.
"I'm sorry Robbie, I'm not sure what's happened. Can you tell me whatever you know? Slowly now. From the beginning."
"Well Johno called me last night and told me he seen you naked on Instagram. It's gone all over school and I've got so many messages from my friends this morning. At least, it really looks like you. And I can see your bits...well, you know your..." I decided to cut him off and relieve him of the challenge of elaborating on that last line at least. Robbie always treated me like a princess, unlike most siblings from what I hear. I could well imagine how hard this was for him from the preview he had already given me.
"Yeah OK, I get the picture. All over school eh?" I closed my eyes and swallowed deeply. "Sneaky little shits" I thought to myself. What better fantasy for a bunch of pubescent boys than a picture of a naked former senior from their high school? What pic? It couldn't have been someone from my old school out in the Western Suburbs surely. But who knows how the internet cut its links between one social world and the next?
"What else?" I figured I needed to know the whole spectrum before I could come up with anything to help us both deal with it.
"Well did you see my texts?" he said back to me straight away.
"Not yet. Hang on a moment" I replied. I dropped my phone from my ear and quickly navigated to Robbie's last text and scrolled through several that had arrived between last night and this morning. They basically just described in brief what he'd just told me with desperate requests to call him back. Poor lad must have been up all night.
I clicked the link that was embedded within his first text that arrived around 9 pm last night. My browser opened and up popped a post from some social media site that must have been flavour of the month for teens. And there was me facing Conor on what was clearly the balcony of Halligans, my dress hiked up to my waste and a strikingly pale breast exposed from under one shoulder strap of the yellow sundress. Damn. Straight away I knew I was busted and there was no way I could claim this wasn't me to anyone who knew me. The image was slightly fuzzy and looked like it had been taken from a mobile phone on high zoom.
I zoomed in to my face and then scrolled down. The picture was too fuzzy to pick out much detail and the poor quality thankfully rescued me from too much detail when I zoomed in on the bits that mattered.
Then I looked at the post that accompanied the photo: "Halligans barmaid gets her ginger pubes out for the man of mystery!"
Well now. More auburn than ginger surely!
"I'm sorry Robbie, I don't know what I can say. The guy I'm with is really lovely and I guess we got a little carried away. I don't know what else to say."
There was a pause on the other end of the phone while Robbie was no doubt trying to process (or more likely trying not to) the idea with me doing naughty things with a boy. Then: "Sam. Mum's already on the phone again this morning. She's talking to everyone she knows and saying things like 'that's not how I raised my daughter' and 'she's a little slut' and stuff like that.
"She came home raging from The Rissole last night where she must have first heard about it and was giving Dad all kinds of grief about his 'slut daughter' and stuff. Dad just sighed and went to bed and he didn't get up to pick up his truck this morning.
"Sam, I'm really scared! I don't want to go to school on Monday".
Shit. How did a little wee fantasy with one man on a balcony get to this? I needed to do something about Robbie's situation first and then worry about myself later. I mentally put myself in a 15 year old boy's shoes.
"Robbie, you need to do something for me. Or really, for us OK?"
"Yeah OK Sam whatever. What do I need to do?"
"Your mates and all the other arseholes around you are only interested in some fucking gossip to liven up their little boy days. You need to spin this around to give them all a good kick up the arse and maybe they'll move on to the next thing OK?"
"Yeah OK Sam, that makes sense. So what do I tell them all?"
"You tell them this. You post this as soon as you hang up! You listening?"
"Yeah OK. Hang on while I go on speaker and type. Go".
"Sam says all you boys at Badgery's State High better enjoy coz it's the closest any of you will get to tapping heaven!"
I heard his fingers stop flicking across the screen as he finished typing and then a pause as he was obviously re-reading the line over and over.
"Sam." He whispered after a minute. "I can't write that! Mum will go ape-shit!"
"Well Robbie, it's true. Mum can go fuck herself. Dad will understand once I get a chance to talk to him.
"Whichever way you cut it, the whole of Western Sydney just doesn't matter anymore to me. Except for you and dad Robbie, OK?"
I paused then and just listened to his breathing. "Sam. Are you sure?"
"Yeah Robbie, I'm sure. Trust me on this one. I'm guessing within a couple of hours you'll be off the hook".
"Sam?" I almost wept as I felt his pain melt through my whispered name. He was clearly terrified of leaving the house or going to school on Monday when the next term was starting. I was taking a gamble with what I asked him to post, but with a little bit of luck he might end up as the kid with the cool older sister at school once that post got around.
"Send it Robbie. I call you in a day or so either way, but make sure you get to me first if things go badly OK? Right now I have to go and sort out a few things."
"I reckon you do Sam. OK It's done. How long before mum is beating on my door do you think?" The last add-on was the most painful to me. What hell would my mum put him through? I'd just have to rely on dad on that score. I knew he would only let mum go so far, before he'd intervene.
"Just keep your head down kiddo and ignore the guys from school. They'll have forgotten all about this in a couple of weeks once they're back at school and footy season starts up again."
"OK Sam, I'll try. Bye."
"Bye mate."
I hung up and went back to the opened photo in my browser. I had a quick think about the angle it must have been taken from and pretty quickly realised where it was taken. Through the glass from across the road at the Tavern. That would also explain some of the fuzzy quality of the image. Someone had looked up, seen what was going down and zoomed in with his camera phone and taken the shot. I'm saying "his" camera because it was almost certain this was the handy work of a bloke. I'd been so taken in the moment and protecting my back from the patrons on the balcony, I hadn't spared a mind of what you could see from the bar across the street. The unfortunately lucky placement of the camera was such that the railing of the balcony of Halligans perfectly dissected my body, thus exposing the top and bottom parts of my body that mattered, given what Conor and I were up to.
You could see the back of Conor's head - a shock of black hair, with his hand clearly between very white thighs almost perfectly framing my thick patch of red hair. Likewise above the railing his other hand had cupped the bottom of my pale round breast almost as if he was offering it up to whomever was behind the camera.
"Fuck me twice!" I thought to myself. How lucky was this fucker with his timing. He must have had his phone in his hand or was already watching us to have been so quick with his happy snap. The whole moment couldn't have been more than a minute or two.
How was Conor going to respond to this? At least apart from the "man of mystery" part of the post, something which only a local at either of the two pubs would say, there was no other indication as to Conor's identity or any clear angle on his face.
I made a very quick decision then. Kelly could wait. I guessed from what she must have also seen, she'd understand. I scrolled back through my missed calls and hit reply on the one from Davo. Right now I thought I needed to save my job first.
A single ring. "Sam? This had better be good!" Davo was seriously the best boss I have ever had to this day. Right now he sounded kind of "pretend" pissed off.
"Dave, look I'm sorry. I just got off the phone from my brother. He's 15 and beside himself. I don't know what to say to you! I saw the photo and I..." I paused then as the emotions of the last couple of days caught up with me.
"Sam, stop stop! Fuck the photos. Jaysus, you've probably added 20% to my revenue for the next month. Social media is going nuts with this. Who knew what a hashtag red-bush Halligans could do!" The last was blurted almost apologetically.
He continued then. "More importantly, I've got Kelly's dad all over my arse about how I let this happen. You know you guys aren't allowed to drink in here and now you know why! He's super mean at the moment.
"Sam please do me a favour and call Kelly real quick. She is really worried about you seeing all this and doing something silly. Don't worry about the job. I can sort things out with her old man if she's OK. Just call Kelly OK?"
"Shit, Davo. I had no idea going out with no undies on last night would lead to all this. I'm really sorry mate."
"OK then. Don't worry about your shift tonight and over the weekend. We need a few days for this to blow over. Now, call Kelly and we'll chat whenever. Later eh?"
"OK bye mate." The line went dead. At least the next call would be easier as I had a good idea where Kelly was going to take the conversation once I'd reassured her I was OK.
The phone ringed once, then her voice spraying words like she'd been practicing for this call all morning. "OK girlfriend this had better be good because by the end of this call I better know you are OK AND I want girly satisfaction! My fingers are poised!"
Did I somehow forget to mention how much I love this woman?
"Ah shit Kell. Look I'm fine. I've seen the photo and a pretty nasty post and I'm not about to go jump off the Harbour Bridge or anything."
"OK girl thank God for that. I know how super-sensitive you can be to this kind of thing. But holy fuck girl, getting your floss out all over the interweb! You telling me that didn't shake you up?
I took a deep breath then. I knew where this was going. On she went "I'm guessing apart from that you must have just had the night of your life coz in the 3 years you've lived with me, you've never ever not come home. Now I've got public pics of that forest I keep telling you to fell AND Davo AND my dad on my back. I'm not letting you get off this call until I have all the juice AND at least 3 orgasms under my fingers or we are never speaking again!"
Forest? Strange that of all the stuff she just dropped over the phone, this was the line that stuck the most. OK, so my pussy regime isn't a nice neat strip like Kelly maintains, but a Forest? Bitch. And that's just how I started my reply.
"It's not a forest. Holy cow, is that what the internet is saying?" Then she just started laughing.
"OMG Sam." Yes she literally said it like 'OMG'. "You nailed the holy grail of manhood on the Lower North Shore and he had to wade through your tangling brambles to get to virgin nirvana. Shit sorry babe, 'brambles' was a bit harsh. Anyway, given you didn't deny it straight up, I'm assuming the 'big V' is no more?"
I just sighed then before I replied.
"Kelly, when I saw all the messages this morning and first looked at that pic, I just jumped to thinking my lovely little comfortable life was about to end, real quick. In the last 5 minutes I've realised my little brother is about to become the most abused OR coolest kid on the block, that Davo is really only worried about his job and I'm not sure if you are more interested in my virgin status or pissed about the fact I wouldn't let you shave me that time a couple of months ago!" I took a deep breath.
"OK Sam. For one, don't worry about Davo and my dad. Dad is just worried about you, not about you getting your boobs out in one of his pubs. Remember this is the guy that seeded me with my mum on the boardroom table of one of the most..."
"...prominent merchant banks in Sydney." I finished the sentence for her. "Yeah, yeah Kelly, I told you I never wanted to hear that story again."
I couldn't help but finish that line for her given I had heard it so many times out of her mouth, but I still giggled as I said it.
Kelly came back to me: "I spoke to Davo though I've been avoiding my dad's calls. I think there might be something more about Conor that both of them haven't told me about and they're a bit pissed that maybe 'I let it come to this'.
"Don't let that worry you Wortho. I reckon you've probably got some other stuff to sort out right now eh?" She said that with a real virtual sigh that I'm sure she did her best to hold from me.
What to say. The basics I guess. "You better believe it Kells. There's a man downstairs waiting for me what lives in the biggest fucking house you've ever seen and I think his housemate wants to strangle me!"
"Ohhh, tell me more. Girl or Boy housemate?"
"Girl. And she's kind of hot. You know the brunette with the ponytail and the tight arse we saw up at the pub a couple of times talking to Conor?"
"OH, OK. Shit. I thought you were just supposed to stake him out, now you've fucked him and you're talking up his hot girlfriend. You're losing control chicky! Maybe she'll help you get your overgrowth situation under control?"
"Yeah not funny Kell. OK, I'm out of here. I have some awkward conversations to have here, yet alone back in my real world!"
"Dooooon't you worry about the real world babe. You deal with the one you have right there in front of you. The real world can wait another couple of turns of the moon. Hey, by the way, did you know last night was like a once in a 150 year Blood Red, Blue moon all at once kind of shit?" There was a long pause then while I processed that. Then something that was way different from her and I didn't pick up at that very moment. "Don't forget me Samster. I love you very, very much, whatever happens OK? I'm right here waiting for you. Oh shit, I'm out." Then a dial tone.
And with that she was gone and I was doing the staring at a blank phone thing. I had no idea what a 'blood red blue moon' was, but it brought me back to my conversation with Sarah this morning and my recollection of how big the descending moon was over the Parramatta River this morning. I sure as hell don't believe in religion or anything like that, but right then I was definitely wondering what my fate was.
After all, women are meant to lose their shit over full moons and stuff right? Well, if nothing else, "I'll claim a women's biology in court when I end up killing someone" I thought to myself.
Right now, whatever was left on my phone could wait. I needed, more than anything else in the world, to feel that last night had actually happened. I needed Conor's arm around me again and his smell in my nostrils. Everything else could wait.
So, I turned to the landing outside his bedroom and wandered down the stairs. As I turned the two turns from his room and away from the front door towards the back of the house I started to hear voices, one of which was definitely not familiar to me.
"No. No. No. I'm not going out until you tell me why you made Auntie Says cry!" This in a high pitched little girls voice and then, just as I reached the entrance to the back area. "And who is she?" This was coming from aforesaid little girl, whom I saw as I pulled up in the open doorway.
Sarah and Conor both swivelled from their obviously pre-engaged conversation with the source of the young voice and kind of raised their hands in my direction and started to mumble garbage at each other and me all at the same time.
OK then! By now I think I was so disparate from any kind of new surprise that I just ignored them and stepped in towards the little girl, hoping to take some initiative for the first time in the last 24 hours.
"I'm Sam. Who are you then?"
Tiny arms crossed over a tiny wee body before she responded, just as confidently, with her arms crossed and mirror matching mine "I'm 'Eefa'. Who are you and what are you doing in my house?"
I moved further into the room and bent down towards her. "Well now 'Eefa'." I stumbled over the name as I had never heard it before. "That is a lovely name. But tell me, how do you spell that?"
The little girl rolled her eyes and I was immediately struck by something. Her hair was jet black and curly. Her eyes were ice grey and immediately very familiar. Then she spoke again.
"A.O.I.F.E. Eeeefa, duh! Auntie Says always tells daddy he should have bought another vowel, but I don't get it!"
My mind was going nuts to say the least. "Daddy"? Auntie Says"? I stood up from the naturally crouched position that folks assume when they are talking to little people and slowly let my eyes pan from the faces of Sarah to Conor.
Then wee girl spoke again, suddenly, as she apparently lost interest in the current turn of events and looked up a Conor. "She's nice! Are we going to Whinnie's daddy. I'm ready to go!"
Conor sighed then and his shoulders dropped. Any pretence of a 'man of mystery' faded right then and there. Instantly.
Have you ever watched a strong man just give in? You know that 'in the midst of a situation kind of "there is no recourse" sudden understanding? It was that thing. It was the ultimate sound of indecision and defeat and inherent "I'm fucked and I can't do a damn thing about it!" I recognised it instantly and understood it even though I had never been seen it before that moment.
Again, my naturally rapidly rising fears and apprehensions threatened to overwhelm me. I couldn't do anything else at that moment in time, but reach out and grasp his arm and give him my best blessing kind of look. I'm not sure exactly what that look appeared to him as, but it must have given him some comfort.
He looked at me and then across to Sarah, then back down to the little girl still tugging at his other arm.
"Sarah, I have to take Aoife off to play date and then I should probably go to the office for a bit. I, ahhh..." he paused, looked from Sarah to me and back into the little girl's expectant eyes and then back up at mine. Then back to Sarah. "Can you do something for me Sarah? I think I need you to tell Sam everything, before I get back."
I think Sarah was expecting something very different, so her surprised gasp and a quick pause followed with "Everything?" scared me a little.
I instinctively started processing it as bigger than your vanilla 'guess what, your new boyfriend has a daughter' kind of feeling attached to it.
He sighed again and suddenly his mask reappeared. Conor the man of mystery looked back up from the little girl and said firmly. "Everything. Please do this for me Says."
I quickly panned between Conor and Sarah's eyes, before the little girl's voice once again broke the moment. "Yay! Whinnie's house daddy. Let's go!"
As Conor was grasped by a tiny hand and dragged out towards the front door, he turned and looked at me just once. It was a strange look. His eyes were a solemn and obvious look of "goodbye Sam" and for one, I wanted to run and hug and kiss him from top to bottom and tell him everything was OK.
Instead, I looked down at the floor and avoided his eyes. I let the last 48 hours flow through me as I heard the front door close. I thought about my life and the good times I had experienced over the last 3 years. I thought about Kelly and some things that she had said and done in recent weeks. Then my eyes opened wide as I recollected the last thing Kelly had said to me on the phone... "Whatever happens don't forget me...". Where to start then.
I turned around to Sarah then, kind of slow like. "Sarah, I don't know how to start with anything that just happened, but I need to go see Kelly, right now. I don't think I can face what Conor just asked you to do if I don't do this first. OK?"
She was staring at the floor and looked almost relieved before she blinked and looked back up at me suddenly. "Who's Kelly?"
Ahh, yes. That introduction would no doubt need to come to pass in time. "Look Sarah, I'm only starting to understand whatever it is that you and Conor share, but I suspect Kelly is my own version of that."
She nodded then. "OK. Go Sam. Come back when you will. I'll look after him OK?"
I smiled and then followed through with a sudden thought. "Um, Sarah, one more thing. Something happened last night that he needs to know about. Can I have your mobile number maybe?"
As I said this I entered her name into my phone and passed it across to her. She tapped away for a moment and handed it back. I navigated back to my browser and copied a URL before posting an SMS to the number she had entered.
"It seems so silly now Sarah, given everything that has just kicked us both up the arse, but I think he should know."
A phone beeped on the kitchen bench behind her then and she turned around to pick it up and play with the interface for a moment. Her palm suddenly went up to smack herself in the mouth and just as I was starting to think we were going to end up on that 'deep and meaningful with a view' bench again, having another moment, I realised she was doing her best not to piss herself.
I smiled then, partially relieved and asked the obvious. "What is so fucking funny then?"
"Holy shit Sam." She blurted out looking up at me and then back down at her phone, making zooming in motions with her fingers. "It's way too early in our relationship to tell you how much I like a bit of girly bush but fuck... go girl, get it out there!"
I knew my face dropped instantly. Was this girl like Kelly in fucking disguise?
"OK, Sarah, well you enjoy my grooming habits while you think about letting Conor know, but I need to get out of here. There's someone who I think really needs me more than Conor right now OK?"
"Oh yeah, like your boss and stuff right? They can wait Sam, there's all kinds of stuff you need to know about on that front!"
"No Sarah. Like my flatmate, Kelly. A whole lot of connections just hit me like a tonne of bricks and I think I need to sort that shit out before I go down whatever road Conor wants you to take me."
Her face lost all its traces of humour then, instantly. "Oh Sam. You don't know the half of what is waiting for you on that road. Tell you the truth I could do with a few hours to work out how I'm going to tell you what I need to. You go and do what you have to do with Kelly or whatever then OK? I'll be here when you come back and I'll make sure that Conor isn't. Just ping me first ok?
I nodded and slung my small bag back over my shoulder. Suddenly the thought of going out in public wearing a man's business shirt and nothing else didn't matter anymore. I hit the shortcut to my Uber app as I turned and wandered back down the hall towards the front door and turned my mental attention to Kelly and a whole bunch of memories that started to flood in with a whole new and unexpected context attached to them. Like her words "don't forget me..."and the unabashed sadness that accompanied that phrase. I was too self-absorbed to pick it up at the time.
Before I knew it I was sticking a key into front door of my apartment and pushing it open with almost a feeling of being a stranger visiting a strange land, like that of when you go back to your school for the first time since you left. You remember that one?
The first thing I noticed was Kelly's panty clad arse swinging side to side below an otherwise naked back over our ironing board, facing the muted TV, her ears covered with a pair of headphones.
Her voice was mumbling along to something that sounded familiar but I couldn't quite pick up. I paused right there in the doorway for a moment to listen to her and absorb the feelings that were hitting me like a thousand paper cuts in my chest.
I took 3 steps forward and watched, almost feeling disconnected, as my hand reached out and touched her shoulder. Strangely, she didn't jump or cry out. She just tilted the iron up and reached up to push the headsets off the top of her head before she leaned back into my chest and opened her mouth.
In perfect unison as the tips of my breasts pushed through Conor's thin cotton shirt against her naked back, she dropped a hand down to my thigh as it slid alongside hers and whispered "I wasn't expecting to see you for a bit Samster. Was I too obvious then?"
For about the infiniteath time in the last 2 days, tears appeared uncontrolled from my eyes and my lips settled against her neck, just where her hairline stopped near her ear. I picked up the familiar tune from her headsets then as I opened my lips and let my tongue moisten the space between her skin and mine.
"...familiar faces, worn out spaces worn out faces..." Ah no, my favourite making out with myself song. How did she know? The melancholy crooning of Gary Jules inseminated my space.
She was way ahead of me. "When you first moved in, you used to listen to this over and over and over before I talked you into buying these headsets." She turned back towards me then and pressed her lips against my cheek and I felt her hand settle on one thigh and slowly slide up, taking the tails of Conor's shirt with it. As her thumb tickled the edge of my pubic hair, we both crooned in unison with Gary Jules..."Mad World...". Then she spoke again, softly.
"I knew what you were doing in there with the door closed. It wasn't because I was sick of the song Sammie. I just wanted to be able to hear that cute little sigh you do when you try to cum so quietly."
I moaned then as her face turned to me and her lips moved up to meet mine and her fingers reached that really soft bit where my pubic line stopped and pink skin started. I felt the ridge of my labia resisting her fingers as she paused.
"Sammy?"
"Yes"
"You have morning breath and I don't want to do this without a shower first"
"Yes"
She took my hand and I watched, robotically as she led me into the bathroom. I stopped, stunned, as she took my toothbrush and passed it to me with a layer of paste attached. As my muscle memory took over, I started brushing and she stood back a step.
Mother Mary she is beautiful. Her hair was doing the normal uncontrollable morning thing, curls and tempest framing her face. Her eyes, crystal blue and locked to mine. She could ask me to do anything right now and I wouldn't blink. Her hand touched her lips and then reached across the gap to caress the line from my ear to my neck. I sighed and handed back the toothbrush. Without a pause she handed me a glass of water and commanded me to rinse as she slipped my toothbrush between her own lips and swiped her own teeth, once, twice. How could something so mundane be so intimate? She was eating my toothpaste gunk. Only a wee taste though, then she was dropping the brush in the sink. The rinse glass quickly followed with a clink.
"That'll do love. That'll do. You've got a little something on your lip Junior. Let me help you out with that!" She said the last so softly as her face pressed against mine and her hands settled on the top buttons of Conor's shirt as she gently licked the toothpaste off my lips and then trailed down. His shirt fell off my shoulders as her hands progressed and then we were naked, pressed together. Evidently her panties had found themselves on the floor between here and the ironing board I realised as my hands touched bare arse cheeks.
I couldn't help myself as her lips trailed from my lips and down my neck " Ah god Kelly, Mad world..." I heard the rumble from her chest rise up to her throat just as she stopped north of my nipple and dragged me into the shower cubicle. She reached behind herself and before I knew it I was showered in cold water. It was January,ater all so it just served to cool the tepid air we were already immersed in. After a quick breath in, I recovered from the shock and appreciated the fresh touch of the water across our bodies.
The cold water made me lean into her "Kelly...I'm yours girl. Do whatever you want to me. Make me do whatever you want to you OK?"
She looked up at me from the crouching position she'd just assumed at my nipples then with a face that I had never seen on her before. She grabbed my hips and turned me around, pressing her tummy and thighs quickly against the small of my back. Then she spoke in a voice I had never quite heard from her before. "Sammy, I am going to kiss you. I am going to lick you. I am going to make you beg to never leave this apartment. And I'm starting here!"
I heard the squeak of her feet on the shower floor as she stepped back and then I felt her spread my cheeks and a soft wet feeling hit my arsehole. It took me back to the brief touch from Conor last night, except this time it wasn't a flicker. Her tongue swirled around my most private space and gradually moved back and forth along that line from my arse to my pussy.I let go of the wall with one hand and grabbed at my left nipple and trailed a finger down my stomach as I started to migrate from the surprise of her intimate act to the enjoyment of my own body, I felt her fingers start to navigate their own heading.
"Kelly. What are you doing to me?" I moaned as I felt her invasive probing continue. All at one I felt a finger slide into my arse and a couple more enter my vagina. "Ah girl. I thought a girl needed to be bald to deserve such treatment?" I couldn't help myself as I whispered to her.
"In truth Sammy, your pussy is hairy" She reached up and stroked her fingers through my auburn bush. "Your lips are hairy" She slid her fingers down across my labia, dragging the itinerant hairs with her nails and still driving me nuts. But your butt is nearly smooth and she proved it by tickling the very few short fine hairs around my arsehole with her tongue as she said it.
Then she moved her lips back up across the flesh my arse and my lower back, to my shoulders until she was standing and kissing my neck again. "Ah Sam, don't you ever trim your pussy or wax your arsehole baby. You have the perfect pink hairy cunt and arsehole. You were born to be all natural, that's for sure! Gift of the red-head!
Then she laughed. "Me now? If I leave it be for a week I look like I have a hipster come to stay between my thighs!"
I just chuckled. I reached to the tap in front of me and turned the water off then. I turned around again and we were both facing each other, dripping. Hair dampened to our heads. Her body entirely devoid of hair and my curly pussy hairs tickling her stomach as we gently tapped bellies together.
"Kell...I, uh..."
"Sam?"
"If we do this, it kind of needs to be a one off right?"
"You really like this guy Junior?"
"Ah shit Kelly, I have no idea what love is, but I know I want to go back and find out if what feels like love really is!"
She leaned into me then and kissed my neck again. "Well Sam. We have maybe today eh? Can we make this just for us?"
"Yeah Kelly. Yeah we can."
She took my hand then and dragged me back into my room. I almost laughed when we got there. My doonah was still on the floor. My panties from 2 nights before were on the floor and the sheets still held the shape of my arse crack from the position I last woke up in.
"Ha girl. Do you remember what you were thinking when you destroyed your sheets?"
"Yep. I was naked and Conor was watching me fuck my fingers in the middle of a restaurant. Next thing I knew I was back in the real world and you checking me out!"
"Huh. Was I that obvious Kell?"
"Nah, not at the time. Something of the last couple of days has opened my eyes a bit. You stopped and looked at me for way too long!"
"Ha, fuck off. I really just wanted to finish you off!"
I felt my smile drop as I asked her. "Seriously Kelly. How many times in the last few years have you wanted to finish me off then?"
"Ah, Sam. Every night of the week baby. Every. Night. Of. The. Week. Well except for that time with the 7 inch cock I dragged home from Jacksons!"
I shrieked then and then we both crashed back down against my sheets. There was another long dragged out spell of silence.
Then she whispered. "I can smell you Sam".
"What do I smell like Kelly?"
"Musky. A nice version of girly BO. Panties that you know you should wash, but could get another day out of when you take that sneaky sniff."
I wrinkled my nose then but I knew exactly everything she was talking about. I had sniffed my own tshirts and enjoyed the scent. I had done the sniff my armpit thing and enjoyed it. I suddenly thought about Kelly's tongue on my butt in the shower and remembered that one time, out of curiosity I had soaped my pointer finger up and pushed it back there and took a quick sniff. It was kind of gross but I still came like a banshee in the shower after doing myself with the other hand while I played with that forbidden hole.
"Kelly?"
"Sammy?"
"I want to do everything with you. Everything! Then tomorrow, we need to be friends again and let life do its thing. Is that OK Kell?"
She turned up from where her face had been buried in my chest until now. She's always loved talking about my breasts and now she was making the most of the freedom of not having to hide her lust.
"Ah Sam..." A long, long pause. Even though the headphones had long since left us I could still hear the music trailing out..." almost like Gary Jules was trying to tell me something important.
"...the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had..."
I had long since given up any idea of being into girls, despite Kelly's non stop antics.
I had seen Kelly naked a thousand times. In fact, it's probably fair to say covered skin was rarer than that uncovered since I'd moved in. How did we get here?
I felt her finger slide down across my butt check and probe until it brushed my arsehole again. "Ah, Kelly, why do you love my arse so much babe?"
"I figure I only have one day Samster. I'm going to start from the dirtiest scenario and work my way up till you beg me to stop!"
"You mean it gets better than this?"
"Oh yeah" She said as she rolled me over on to my side and her tongue replaced her finger until it moved across to my other open wet hole and I felt a moist wet finger probe where her tongue had been. Without warning I felt her finger slide straight up into my arse as her tongue dived an inch or so into my soaking vagina, followed quickly by a long wet finger.
I reacted instantly "Ah , ouch. SHIT Kelly, is that your finger?"
"Yep. Where is it Sam?"
"Argggh, shit. It's in my arse!"
"And where is my other finger Samster?"
"It's in my vagina Kelly..."
"Nah, where is it Sam?"
"Its in my cunt Kelly. Fuck. Put another one in there. Please?"
"Where Sam? Which hole?"
Ah god, was she teasing me and I knew instantly what she wanted to hear.
"In my arse Kelly. It hurts but I want some more.
I felt her weight lift of the bed and her feet pad out of the room as I lay on my side and panted a bit, my fingers slowly caressing my pussy lips. Then I heard her come back into the room.
"Sammy my fingers are slippery now. What would you like me to do with them?"
Ah Kelly, put your finger back in my arse. Now make it 2. I want to know what it feels like to have Conor's Cock in there, 3 fingers right?" I panted and sighed and enjoyed the pleasure pain as I felt another finger slide in there.
"Does he have a nice dick then Sam? Do you think he'd offer to do me while I pay homage to your pussy then?
"Ah, fuck Kell. I'd make sure he did. Now eat me. Lick my cunt. While you fuck my arse with your fingers. Conor's cum was all over my face and tits a few hours ago. I wish you were there to eat it off!"
I heard her groan as she suddenly slid her fingers out of my arse and turned herself around on the bed so she could better reach the front of my private space.
"Not fair Samster, to bring him into it. My turn then. How about you imagine you're eating his mate out while he's fucking you eh? What was her name again, the hot brunette with the wee pony tail. Sarah did you say?" All this as she spun around and lowered her smooth hairless pussy onto my face. "What if I was she and his cum was leaking out of her pussy on to your face eh?" Tell me what his come tastes like Sam. Did you taste it? What would his cum taste like leaking out of my cunt Kell?
She lifted her thighs away from my face just to speak "Ah Sam, did he came inside you or on you? Oh Samster, you're not on the pill baby, have you thought of that?
"Way to break the mood baby! He came inside me last night and on me this morning. I know, I should go visit the doc and get the pill sorted out today, but things kind of took over right? Yeah I thought of lots of things last night Kell. In the end it didn't matter. I wanted him to break me. Make me a woman. Fill me up. He did these things to me."
"Sammy you should go visit your doc when we are done. You are way too young to be pushing out babies. Ah Sam, I could be tasting his baby juice on you. " She leaned down again and flicked her tongue over my soaked hard clit. "I'd love to find out what that tastes like with him on you!
"Ha ha Kell babe, I liked feeling his cum on me but...
"Ah fuck, what babe?"
"It tasted like crap!"
Then she lost it and kind of pissed herself and dropped her arse on my face at the same time. "OK then Sammy, I promise you that girl juice tastes a shit load better than guy juice, regardless of your persuasion. Where do you want to start?"
All this as she was said as looking down at me, with her beautiful, now beetroot complexioned face staring between 2 very pale, hairless thighs and topping a pale pink twin labia line that went from the start of where her thighs met through to where her butt cheeks met. The bump of her little A cup titties barely disturbed the line of vision to her face, apart from 2 very long, pink nipples.
Straight away I knew what I needed to do. "Well Kell. Let me start from the back and work my way forwards eh?"
She just sighed as I reached up with 2 hands to pinch 2 hard nipples and at the same time poked out my tongue and let it slide between the two glorious pillows that were her arse cheeks. As the tip of my tongue hit hard landing I felt the bone of her coccyx and knew I had missed the target. No matter. I slid my tongue slowly in the right direction until I felt soft skin and then the rim of the circular muscle that formed her arsehole. It felt a little rough around the outside and I could barely detect the waxed spurs of the hairs that would normally of circled the hole I was exploring. Despite myself I wondered if Conor's arse felt the same. Was it even normal to be think this way? He had no qualms licking my butthole last night. Should it be any different?
I brought myself back to the present and I heard her sighing and breathing rapidly. She had long since stopped playing with my body. A sure sign I was doing something right. So I pushed my tongue harder and squeezed her tits with my hands.
"Some other time Sammy" she whispered as she slid her butt backwards away from my face until I felt my still extended tongue slide between very very wet labia and then naturally slide forward again into a much wetter, looser hole. "This one Samster. Put your tongue in this one baby!" She whispered as she slowly lowered her pussy down against my face.
Ah God! This wasn't Conor but this was pure pleasure and no doubt a shit load of built up sexual tension I never knew was in me. I stuck my tongue out as far as it could possibly go, wondering how it could possibly replace the feeling of the 7 inch cock Kelly had previously mentioned. Apparently it did. After a few more minutes I heard her screaming for god before she lifted her cunt away from face and We lost ourselves for a few hours. I don't know how many times I felt the pure bliss of the chemical rush that is the female orgasm or how many times I heard and felt the evidence of Kelly's similar release. I can say for sure though, that since that night, there was nothing left of the female body I didn't taste or smell or find more ways to produce sound.
By the time we finally collapsed and the dried juices of our mutual pleasure merged with those our sweat and that of my self-loving from 2 nights ago, we just melted into each other and slept the dreams of the dead...