~~~~~~~~
All characters in this story are over the age of 18.
Rima: A senior student in the same college. Sujatha's, the professor, teaching assistant. A little bit about her, she's quite a pretty woman with a dark skin tone in her mid 20's, usually wearing a pair of glasses with her hair always pushed back in a ponytail.
Rakesh: A well built college student taking Sujatha's class. Sujatha's dominant master.
~~~~~~~~
Chapter 5
"Let's meet on Monday evening at 5pm in your office"
The moment I have been expecting for quite some time has finally arrived. It's 5pm Monday evening and I am seated in my office eagerly waiting for my Rima, my teaching assistant, to arrive. I knew she find a place in her heart to move past the whole ordeal of finding me naked fucking a dildo. I heard the door creak open.
"I'm glad you are not naked today, pleasuring yourself," she said.
"Hi Rima, nice to meet you too. I want to start by apologizing for what happened back then."
"Cut the act slut. We both know you are not sorry for that day." She said as she walked over my desk where I was seated.
"If you are truly sorry you would be kneeling on the floor begging for forgiveness for making me a part of your degenerate act." As if on cue I quickly dropped to my knees as I watched her take a seat at my desk.
"I cant remove the image of you squatting here naked from my head. Aren't you married slut. Don't you have a daughter?" I can't believe she casually went from referring to me as a professor to 'slut'.
"Yes mam" I'm just a mere slut now and my submissive side kicked in, prompting me to address her with respect.
"Do they know about your deviant side?"
"No, mam. They don't know about any of this. They can't know any of this. I will do anything you ask of me. Please don't tell them about any of this or report me to the college. My life will be ruined."
"Don't worry slut. I don't plan on wrecking your life. I'm just curious slut, what exactly were you doing that day?"
"My master asked me to record a video of me naked deepthroating and having anal sex with the dildo. I was performing for him when you interrupted."
"You have a master? I didn't expect my innocent sweet professor to be such a kinky perverted slut. Who is this master you are talking about?" Fuck. I shouldn't have mentioned it. I don't know if Rakesh will be okay if I reveal it to her.
"I can't disclose his name but he is a student taking my class."
"What the fuck? A student? You are almost twice his age not to mention how much trouble you will get into if you get caught. You dont look like you are being forced to do all this."
"I'm not being forced to do anything. In fact I was the one begging him to let me submit to him and be used as his plaything and I loved every second of it. This is the happiest I have been in a very long time. Even now I can't get his gorgeous body out of my mind."
"He must be quite an amazing guy, making you crave him to this extent."
"He definitely is. Is there any way we can keep everything that transpired a secret between us? I am ready to do anything you ask of me."
"There definitely is something you can do. Now strip." I didn't think it would go this way. What is she upto? I quickly got rid of my clothes obediently kneeling back in the same position naked as the day I was born.
"You have quite the body slut. You are definitely one of the hottest women in this college despite your age. It's one of the primary reasons why I decided to work under you as a teaching assistant." I looked at her confused.
"Have you ever eaten a pussy slut?"
"No mam, but I would love to someday."
"Well today is your lucky day."
I watched her as she got up directing me up my feet holding my nipples. I stared at her as she sensually stripped of her clothes presenting her naked body to me. I was very excited on what's about to happen. I always had a thing for her cute body and wondered what she was packing underneath.
I was in a trance ogling at her amazing dark skinned body. I'm trying my best to restrain myself from kissing every part of her beautiful little body. She was packing perfect perky A cup tits fitted with cute dark toned nipples. She was rocking a shaved pussy with her bubble butt elevating her hotness.
"Thank you mam, for letting me do this. I can't put it into words on how horny I am right now."
"No, thank you" She said, guiding my lips to hers, passionately locking them in a kiss. I could sense our hands moving all over each other's body as we made out. The way she smells only increases my lust for her.
I cleared my desk and guided her back first across my desk with our lips still interlocked. I slowly broke our kiss as I directed my lips to other parts of her body.
"I have been waiting the longest time to get a taste of this." I stayed with my face inches away from her moist vagina. I went in tongue first with my only experience from watching thousands of hours of lesbian pornography. Absolutely heavenly. I can't explain how her angelic female bits tasted with mere words.
"Keep it going. I'm about to cum" Rima said with a blush on her face. I lost track of time, face planted tongue deep in her shifting across her clit.
"Aah Aah Oh yeah Aaaah. Here it comes. Aaaaaah aah" I felt spurts of warm liquid hit my face as her body twitched from the intense orgasm. She just squirted all over my face and I still had my tongue inside her.
"Aaah aah. I have been with many girls in the past and that was the best orgasm I have ever had." she said panting. She then got up from the desk once she recovered and forcefully threw me on top of the desk.
"Now it's your turn slut." Without any more words I felt something moist move around my vagina. The next few minutes were surreal. She knows exactly how to push my buttons and I can say by the way she moves she's had a lot of experience with this.
After a few moments I hit my orgasm and it was amazing. This was definitely the second best sex I have ever had right below Rakesh. She then moved across me and settled her lips on top of mine making out. I could taste my juices in her mouth. We slowly moved the action towards the couch with our faces still interconnected.
"I can't tell you how grateful I am for doing this with me." I said as we broke our kiss with her lying on top of me on the couch.
"Stop talking" she said as we went back to making out.
"Are you ready to go again?" She asked, looking directly into my eyes.
"Of course," I said with a naughty smile.
She turned around now with her pussy pointing at my face and gradually lowered herself onto me. We both started tasting each other's female bits simultaneously. It was such an errotic sight of us performing a sixty nine. I felt her tongue being removed from my pussy move itself downwards. I realized what she was doing and did the same action. We were now both lining each other's ass holes. Unable to take the teasing any longer I plunged myself into her anal entrance with her doing the same as well.
After a while of eating each other's ass out we switched back to the other hole simulating each other's clit. Moments later we finally hit our orgasm at the same time, covering each other in our juices. We ended up lying on top of each other for quite some time without exchanging any words recovering from our intense orgasms.
"This was fun slut. We have to do this often." She said as she got up to get dressed and tidy herself up.
"Definitely" I said watching her petite little body cover up.
"Bye slut. Today was amazing." She saiding planting one last smooch on my vagina before leaving out my office door.
"Hi daddy. I have something important to tell you. Can we meet?" Knowing exactly what my next itinerary is.
"Let's meet tomorrow at your house once your daughter and your worthless husband leaves." I got an instant reply from him setting our meeting where I intend on informing him everything about what transpired today.
It was the next day morning and as soon as my husband and daughter left I stripped naked getting ready to assume my position. Rakesh asked me earlier this morning to kneel in my front doorway with the door wide open. My front door is shielded by a high fence that goes around my house so as long as I'm kneeled down and no one enters my house gate, I won't be spotted.
It's been thirty minutes since I got down on my knees when I finally heard some footsteps. I saw Rakesh's head pop out with a large duffel bag in his hands and I couldn't control the smile on my face.
"Hi daddy, thank you for agreeing to meet up with me. There's something important I want to share with you. Last evening..." He approached me and fixed a mouth gag on me before I could finish my sentence.
"I didn't come all this way to hear you talk like a mindless bimbo" He said as he fished something from his bag. It was a nipple clamp with some extensions.
He clipped the nipple clamps on me ignoring my muffled shrieks. Attached to it was a harness which acted as a leash. Pain filled me as he tugged the leash signaling me to move. He basically led me by my nipples to my room upstairs.
"You always wanted to try something new and I like toying with you and today's not going to be any different." He said as I helplessly watched him pull out a series of ropes from his bag.
I was completely clueless as to what he was about to do but I do know one thing. I'm going to have an amazing time. I watched him wrap the series of ropes around my hands, securing the together to my back and connecting me to the ceiling. I couldn't plant my feet on the ground and I was balancing myself on my toes.
He then similarly tied my legs up but this time fastened them to a rope connected to the ceiling. My legs were off the ground and I was suspended in the mid air lowered to his dick level.
"Ever heard pleasure in pain, slut?" He asked as he squeezed my tits and ass and I nodded in response. I was completely at his mercy now. I looked at him as he picked up a vibrating buttplug and vibe egg and inserted it onto me. He turned it on as soon as it was inside me and I loved having both my holes filled again with the vibrations multiplying the pleasure factor.
I was stunned to see what he pulled next from his bag. It was one of the items I found when browsing a sex toy website and something I never wanted to try. It was a red electro wand that sends small electric shocks when its pointy end comes in contact with your body. I started squirming my body struggling with my restraints as he brought the devilish toy close to me.
"So you know what this is?" He said, looking at my scuffle.
Without any warning I felt a sudden shock in my left breast lasting for a second. He has just shocked me and I felt the vibrations pulsing through my body. Amused by my response he continued shocking me in my other breast, my ass, thighs, as well as other parts of my body.
I realized what he meant earlier. It's not like I adapted to it and every shock filled me with mixed emotions but I can experience the mixture of pain and pleasure from the simulations. The combination of the chocks and vibrations were other worldly and I can't believe I actually want him to use the shocker more on me. Those definitely were some famous last words and I definitely regret thinking that way after a few minutes of him experimenting on me.
"Slut, I see you are beginning to enjoy yourself. You know that was the medium setting. I wonder what the max setting would look like and what better way to test it than here." He said pointing to my now dripping pussy.
I was filled with dread as he bought it closer to my pussy. During the past few minutes he had never shocked my female fuck hole and now he is going to do it with the maximum shock. He had also turned the vibrations to max on both my intruders.
"Tccchk Tchhhk Tchhhk" He had done it. I was being shocked on my pussy lips and it's an understatement to say it was painful. It was only on me for a few seconds but it felt like multiple long minutes had passed. I never knew one can experience such pain.
My body was twitching uncontrollably from all the simulations and vibrations. I was orgasming and this has been the most peculiar orgasm I had ever gotten. Thankfully he gave a few seconds to recover before he went on with the next act.
"Slut I can see you enjoyed this but I'm afraid what I have planned next for you isn't going to be as much fun." He said as he released the restraints on my legs leaving me back to tiptoping with my hands restricted high up in the air tits popping out.
"Slut, you took a long time to reply to my message this morning. Don't you think you should be disciplined for that." I nodded my head furiously agreeing with him with my actions fueled by my horniness. I understood what he was referring to. I was asleep a bit longer today and ended up replying to his message an hour late.
"I like my sluts obedient and eager to serve me. From now on I expect you to reply to me within 5 minutes of me sending you a message. And if you fail then for every minute you are late you will either be spanked or whipped. Don't expect me to show you any mercy. You are an hour late so that would be 55 hits."
That's a lot of smacks. His imposing figure only made it more scary. I just realized that I was going to be bound, tormented, and whipped by my student who is almost half my age. It's definitely going to leave a mark and I'm not sure if I can handle the pain. I started vigorously moving around with my body signaling him to ungag me so I could have a talk with him.. He read my signals and surprisingly he removed my mouth gag displaying a rare act of empathy from him.
"I'm so sorry daddy. I will try my best to reply as quickly as I can from now on. I'm so sorry for being such a careless bimbo. I deserve to be punished daddy. I want to repent for my mistakes daddy. I want to push my punishment further to show my sincerity to you. I want everyone to know how much of a dumb stupid slut I am. Daddy, I want to post my punishment on the reddit page where everyone can see it as a token of apology." I said with the butt plug and the vibrating egg still inside me pulsing at a low setting elevating my horniness.
"You are full of surprises slut. No wonder I enjoy toying with you. Your 45 year old mommy ass sure knows how to make things more fun." He said with a huge smug grin on his face.
"I believe you want something to cover your identity."
"Yes please daddy. Only if you allow me to." I said prominently displaying my submissive side.
He started fishing through his duffel bag picking up a vendetta face mask and a hat completely covering both his face and hair. With his identity secured he picked up one more item from his bag that made my heart sink. It was a masquerade type swirly eye mask made of a black partially see-through material. It was so tiny that it barely covered my eyes. Anyone who is quite familiar with my face can make out it's me.
"Start with an intro to give a context on what's about to happen once I start recording." He said as he fixed the eye mask on me cementing the elevated level of risk. I looked at the camera, steeling my nerves aware that there is a high chance I might be exposed after this, as he clicked the record button focussing on my body in a very kinky state right now balancing on my toes with my hands tied behind me and suspended from the ceiling, rocking a pair of nipple clamps, with a vibrating buttplug and vibe egg quivering inside me
"Hi everyone, I'm a 45 year old part time professor and a full time slut here to serve my master. I'm in my bedroom right now and my husband and daughter arent home. My incompetent slutty body is going to be punished by my master for giving a late reply to his text. I'm about to get 55 smacks for being 55 minutes late." I ended my monologue with a grin genuinely excited for what's about to take place.
"So slut, you know what this is." He said picking up a belt from the wardrobe.
"It's my husband's belt."
"Isn't it only natural that he indirectly gets to give you your first punishment."
"Yes daddy of course."
"Smack Smack smack" I could feel each inch of the belt on my skin as it hit my tits, ass, thighs and belly. He made me shout out each of the hits once he had administered it.
After fifteen smacks he switched my tormentors. The next up was a paddle. This was slightly pleasant compared to the belt but still stings quite a bit. He cycled through the rest of my spanks with a whip, flogger, ruler, etc. By the end of it my tits and ass were bright red.
"Thank you for taking your time to watch this bimbo get punished." I said once he had performed all the hits on me ending the video recording.
"So slut yesterday you said you wanted to say something right? So what is it?" He said as he increased the vibration on the toys inside me.
I told everything that happened with Rima with downstairs occupants making the simple task much harder.
"Slut I don't care what you do with your life as long as it does not affect you servicing my whims."
"Of course daddy, you are always my priority."
He started untying the ropes, filling me with relief that I will finally be free of these constraints. To my dismay this was only about to get worse. He started working the ropes around my body now putting me in a much worse position. He is an expert with these ropes to be able to tie me up in a hogtie position dropping me on the floor.
"Anyways slut I'll be traveling for a while I wont be around for at least 2 weeks. Before I leave I want you to perform a task for me. I want you to send me a pic with 10 panties from different people inside you. You can ask your new friend for help to release you." He said, tossing me my phone.
Despite my current state, I was more shocked by the fact that I won't be seeing Rakesh for a long time. I squirmed myself to my phone with my top priority to free myself. I strategically maneuvered my tongue to dial in Rimas number on the phone. I explained her everything that happened and my current state begging for her help both with the restraints and the task ahead. After a very long hour I was greeted with a familiar face.
"I look really cute in this state. Part of me wants to leave you like this."
"Oh please Rima, my body is aching." I watched her as she freed my hands and legs letting me stand up and move around freely.
"I only managed to get eight panties in the short notice," She said.
"Don't worry about it I can use mine and my daughters to fill up the last two." I said glad that I could finish this task. She handed me a bag and they were filled with some weird bunch of oversized panties.
"These ones look weird."
"Dont worry about it, I couldn't get the needed number so I had to sneak into this old age nursery home near my place and snagged a few used ones."
"You just have to make it worse for me, don't you." I said as I began stuffing the panties in me. I managed to stuff four in my ass, three in my pussy, and three in my mouth. I picked up the camera with the mask still on and clicked a few pictures to send to Rakesh and post on the Reddit page.
I got dressed up, still sad that I won't be able to meet Rakesh in person for a long time. I liked the feeling of having my ass filled reminding me of Rakesh so I left for work with my asshole still stuffed with panties.
I couldn't stop thinking about Rakesh over the course of the next week and he isn't very responsive to my texts as well. But nevertheless it was quite a blissful week thanks to Rima. She has been quite a deviant partner doing kinky stuff to each other.
She has become an active participant in my exhibitionistic adventures. We have been going out quite often and she makes me wear a selection of short revealing outfits every time we go out. She loved it when I flashed strangers and I have lost count how many eyes have seen my naked breasts.
Sex with her has been quite a rollercoaster with us trying out a lot of new things and doing the deed in more and more risky places. She showed me her ways on how to pleasure a woman and I was surprised how well versed she was. I also introduced her to anal sex and she can handle a cock quite well with her ass although she's not even close to my expertise.
With that all that said it brings us to the present day, a week after Rakesh left and the morning of the day I made the biggest mistake of my life. It was 4 am on the morning of a college working day and I had just checked the entire building using my staff key to confirm that there was not a single soul in the building except the night guard stationed outside.
Happy that I was in a relatively safe space, I stripped myself and got on my knees in a hallway of the building on the ground floor that would be packed with students in a few hours eagerly presenting myself to Rima. I always wanted to explore my college building, my place of work for close to two decades, naked in a risque state. This was something I wanted to do for quite some time and I discussed it with Rima last night.
I clipped my collar on and held the leash in my mouth as I waited for Rima submissively on my knees.
"Slut you know this is quite risky right?" I heard her voice from behind me and watched her as she moved closer to me coming into my field of view.
"I'm not going to let you have all the fun" she said with a deviant smile as I looked at her naked body. I didn't expect her to join in with me. She had already started recording this ordeal, something I had asked her so I can send Rakesh the footage.
"Let's get going slut." She said as she picked the end of the leash from my mouth.
It was quite a spectacular sight. A naked woman in her forties being walked around on a leash by another naked woman in her 20's. After what seemed like about half an hour and us exploring every corner of the building we retired back to the place we met in a hallway in the middle of the building.
"That was some exciting stuff slut and I can't control my horniness anymore" she said as she pushed me down to the floor planting a wet kiss on my tender lips.
"I got us some toys to play with slut." She said as she picked up a 15 inch double headed dildo from her bag, something we purchased over the course of last week.
Without waiting any further she slowly inserted one end into my pussy stirring it into me. Once I got used to it she inserted the other end inside her vagina doing the same process. She had one of her legs on top of me and we slowly synced up our motion. We were now scissoring each other with the dildo wedged between us as our pussy touched.
We had a full 15 inch double dildo inside us as we rubbed our pussies together violently. It was only a matter of seconds for us to reach our orgasm and it was quite sensational. Rima always finds the most creative ways to satisfy me. We were laying there recovering with our pussies still connected by the dildo.
"That was amazing. I really want to taste you right now and I know the best way to do it." She said once she was back to her senses, as she slowly removed the dildo from both of us.
She turned the dildo and inserted the part that was inside me seconds ago into her mouth. I did the same with the other end with both of us now on our knees. I can never get tired of tasting her sweet pussy. After a few moments of us working our tongues around the dildo soaked in each other's juices we started pushing it to our throats simultaneously blowing it. I picked up on what she wanted to do and did my best to deepthroat it inside us. After struggling for minutes we couldn't get our mouths to touch with just an inch of plastic between us.
"It sucks that I can kiss you on your lips with the dildo inside us." She said as we finally gave up choking and knowing well that we can't progress more with the oral session.
"There is one more thing I really want to try." she said with her drool covered face from the mouth fucking.
She turned me around now with my ass facing her. I felt the dildo slowly being inserted in me and I tried taking in as much as I could. I turned around to watch her mouth on the other end with each of us slowly working our way with the dildo. I felt her lips touch my ass cheeks as we had the whole length of the double dildo shoved between my ass and her mouth.
We held the position for over a minute and it was such an erotic and obscene sight. I had my head down with an arched back during the whole act when I saw a pair of shoes from the corner of my eye. I looked up and my heart dropped and saying that I was panicking was an understatement. I looked up to see a fat ugly middle aged guy with a phone on one hand pointing at us while he held his exposed dick on the other hand. I recognized that he was the head janitor of the college and Rima, who still had her lips attached to my ass, was completely unaware of the situation.
"Don't worry about it, I have the whole thing on video and I have to say, it was quite a performance. Now why don't we have some fun"