It was a bright and sunny afternoon on the day of my second library date, so I dressed in a light blue cotton button-down dress that sat high on my legs, just under my buttocks.
The last time we met, I'd been daring enough to go without a bra or panties. The first time I'd been wearing a thong. As much as I liked the naked feeling under my clothes, I'd found excitement in being 'revealed' as my thong had been eased to one side, slowly exposing my sex and then the naughtiness of slipping it off in public. Besides, it would be nice to keep surprising my library friend.
With this in mind, I wore high-legged white lace panties that sat snug against my mound and a matching half-cut bra.
Seeing my stranger waiting near where we had met before, I waved discreetly and continued to walk, waiting for him on the third floor. I picked a secluded area between a large window overlooking the adjacent office building and a well-stacked set of shelves holding reference books that looked too dusty to have ever been read. Hidden from sight in anticipation of needing some 'privacy' such as it was in a public building while taking the risk of being seen by someone happening to wander by.
As it turned out, it wasn't a wandering librarian or student that I should have been giving thought to.
I sensed him behind me, smelling his fresh cologne as he held my hips and pulled me back against him, kissing my neck. His left hand moved across my leg, slowing inching its way to the dip between my thighs. His fingers pulled my dress up slowly as he whispered, 'Hi naughty girl, ready for some fun?'
He was already semi-erect as he pressed into my ass, and I could feel his cock getting harder in his suit as I whispered breathlessly, 'yes'.
'Nice panties.' he said as his index finger grazed the lace and slipped inside the waistband, tracing the tip through the neatly trimmed hair to the top of my slit. I closed my eyes and bit my lower lip.
He whispered against my ear, 'place your hands flat on the glass and close your eyes.', as his finger dipped lower between my legs. The tip rubbed my pussy gently with just enough pressure so I could feel him, but not enough to part my lips and push the panties into me. I moaned and arched my back, becoming wet.
He paused to peel my panties down to just under my pussy, then unbuttoned my dress so that it hung loose, pressing me forwards so that my lace-covered breasts were crushed against the glass.
His finger moved along my slit, then gently pressed to my clit, making me shudder as he circled it lightly, then a little firmer as my excitement grew.
'Such a naughty girl picking this spot.' he said.
'Why?' I stammered, a little confused, then opened my eyes with a start as he replied simply.
'Offices?'
As he said this, he slipped his other hand between my legs from behind, his middle and index finger pushed inside my lips. I moaned and threw my head back, eyes closed in ecstasy as my first orgasm made my thighs tremble. He rubbed the fingers back and forth between my legs as I pushed back into him until I begged him to stop. My body was on fire. I felt my juices dampening my thighs. I'd been anticipating our encounter and had climaxed really quickly, already excited to be meeting again.
As I caught my breath, the word 'office' came back to me, and I opened my eyes, taking a moment to notice the smiling faces in several windows along with the clapping, waving and high-fiving. I'd not considered being seen from the opposite building when picking the last aisle in the row.
'I think you've made their day.' my stranger said with a smile.
I slowly pulled up my panties, giving them a little more of a show and buttoned just the middle of my dress, leaving a good amount of cleavage exposed and a gap that showed my thighs right up to the damp white lace of my panties, then turned to face my stranger.
He smiled. 'you're not angry?' he inquired.
I smiled back. 'I think you know too well what I like.' and gave the offices a little wave.
He looked over his shoulder. 'Well, in that case, you won't be shocked when I tell you I think our voyeur from last time started to follow you, but I think he took it for granted we were going to be where we were last time.' He was referencing the day I'd lost my virginity, how we'd noticed a sudden movement and a gap in the books on the shelf behind, which showed through to the adjacent aisle. We had guessed correctly that someone had heard us and had been watching, confirmed by my discovery of a hastily dropped wad of tissue which had thrilled the exhibitionist in me.
I told my friend about the tissue, and he smiled.'Want to put on another show?'
I placed my hand over his bulge and said, 'what I want is for you to taste me like you did the first time we met, then fuck me like the second time.'
My stranger whispered, leading me to another aisle, 'I think our voyeur has found us. He was peeking around the shelves.'
With a wink, he knelt in front of me, pushed my dress around my waist, and then pressed his tongue to my white lace-covered pussy.
Feeling sexy and daring, I held my dress high on my belly, exposing everything my stranger was doing to me, not caring who was watching.
He tongued my panties against my clit, and although it wasn't touching my flesh, I could feel the damp heat from it as the tip probed against me.
His fingers dug into my thighs as he pushed my legs further apart. His tongue crushed my panties hard against and a little into me so that wet lace rubbed against my sensitive sex.
He used his lips and then his teeth to gently nibble my clit. I groaned and felt my body go weak as he again pushed his tongue to it, my orgasm coming quickly and intense as I was still sensitive from my first.
This time he'd never even touched my flesh, and I'd orgasmed like never before. Suddenly I desperately wanted to have his cock buried inside me, needing to be taken as fiercely as he had fingered and licked me.
Before my body had stopped shaking from my orgasm, he took my shoulders, turned me around and pushed me slightly forwards, so I was bracing my hands on the shelving.
He flipped my dress over my buttocks and pressed his hands to my inner thighs, parting my legs. Then whispered for me to put my left foot on the second bottom shelf, effectively opening my legs wide for him and probably for our voyeur.
I moaned, half in lust, half in disappointment, as he knelt, used a finger to pull my panties to one side, and then pushed his tongue deep into my pussy. He touched my lips with a thumb, pulling them apart as he licked and tongue-fucked me slowly. I was hoping he would use his cock, but he seemed intent on teasing me to another orgasm before he took me.
He changed things up as I began to breathe more rapidly. His hands cupped my buttocks, parting them so he could get a better angle on my pussy, crushing his mouth against me as his tongue probed deep inside.
A finger stroked my clit as he held my panties out of the way, his tongue moving along my pussy, moving rapidly over my sopping flesh instead of my panties.
His mouth covered my pussy lips as I broke into another orgasm, pushing my pussy against him as his tongue lapped my dampness. Tipping my head back, I gave in to the sensations rippling through me.
He stood, and I felt his hands slide ever so slightly against the sides of my breasts. He cupped them, squeezing hard and said, 'that voyeur is definitely watching us right now. Do you want to stop?'
In answer, I pushed my hips back and ground against him.
I heard his zip and saw a torn foil square fall to the floor. He eased my hips back so that I stood further from the shelf, leaning forward more, ass out. My panties were still pulled over to one side, and a shudder ran through me as a chill breeze from the air conditioning tickled over my damp sex.
He rubbed his cock against me, and I felt myself shiver again as it parted my lips; he increased the force until the tip of his cock suddenly pushed inside me. This is what I had wanted over the last week, what I had craved, causing me to curb the desire by entertaining myself with mutual masturbation and exhibitionist displays.
My stranger eased his cock deep with one slow stroke and held it there, hard and thick, pulsing inside me for a moment. I moaned and pushed back against him. His cock twitched, feeling delicious as he pulled it slowly out of me.
He rocked back and forth a couple of times, moving the head in and out, held my hips, and then rammed his cock into me. Not slowly as he had the first time, but hard so that his balls slapped against me, pistoning his hips over and over, much harder than the first time we had done this when he'd been mindful and gentle as it was my first time.
Knowing now how wet and receptive I was after multiple orgasms, he wasn't holding back. I was more than ready for his cock and enjoyed being taken with a fierceness I hadn't experienced before.
He drove harder and harder into me, building up a steady pace, gripping my hips and pulling me back into him, I felt another orgasm rip through me, and my legs almost buckled as, with a gasp, he clenched his hands on my hips and held himself deep inside me as his own orgasm broke.
His cock jerked and pulsed inside me as he filled the condom with cum, and I dizzily wondered what it would feel like to have it spurting deep inside me, our juices running down my legs as he pulled out.
He carefully eased out and deftly twisted the condom, folding it into tissues as he cleaned off and adjusted his clothing. I let my dress drop back down, reaching between my legs with wet wipes and tissues from my bag to clean up before straightening my panties. I looked over my stranger's shoulder and, for the first time, saw the voyeur just to the side of the aisle we were in, sitting at a table pretending to read a book held up unnaturally and comically close to his face.
My stranger smiled and asked if I was ok.
'What do you think?' I whispered breathlessly.
'I've been dreaming of this all week.'
Then nodded behind him and said, 'I think our audience might have too.'
Smiling, my stranger whispered, 'up for an exhibitionist dare?' I felt tingly, my heart pounding, wondering what he had in mind.
Before I could answer, he grabbed my hand and led me down the opposite aisle in a loop to where the voyeur sat. He almost jumped as my stranger asked, 'enjoy the show?'
He looked a little older than me, younger than my stranger, slim and very bookish with quiet old fashioned brown rimmed glasses and a jumper only his mother could have knit. He started to stammer an objection, but my stranger held up a hand to stop him.
'My lady friend doesn't mind being watched, but you could get in trouble for being a peeping tom.'
He whispered softly in my ear from behind so only I could hear him, and I felt my body flush from head to toe as he asked if I wanted to show off for the voyeur. Again before I could say yes or no, he whispered. 'Follow my lead, I'm not going to let him fuck you but trust me, and you'll have fun.' He ran a hand over my buttocks. 'I think I know what kind of thing gets you off.'
He again addressed the voyeur, who was looking nervous. 'Did you see enough, or would you like to see more.'
He went red, especially when my stranger added. 'I think you missed the first bit where the office workers watched my lady here being fingered.'
Then added with a sly smile, 'bet you would have liked that.'
The voyeur nodded without saying a word, still bright red.
My stranger added, 'shame for you to have missed it then.'
I caught the meaning between my stranger's words. Still, any objection I might have made disappeared in a moan as he kissed my neck, his hands skimmed over my thighs, his fingers caressing my still sensitive pussy as he took hold of my white lace panties and eased them down my thighs, dropping them to the floor.
He said sternly, 'no touching, do as we say. Understand?'
The voyeur nodded vigorously. His book was now held open in his lap to hide what was happening there. My heart was pounding, partly nerves, partly excitement, as my stranger reached around and unbuttoned my dress, letting it fall open. I instinctively covered my pussy with my hands, the voyeur only getting the briefest of glimpses. Even though we were in a rarely visited part of the library, we were still in a very public place, and I was trembling a little at the thought of being caught.
My stranger eased apart the clasp on my bra, releasing my breasts. His fingers twisted my nipples as he pinched, pulled and rubbed my breasts. I moaned and arched my back, biting down on my bottom lip. He whispered in my ear. 'show yourself to him, rub your clit, touch yourself while I finger fuck you.'
His voice was low and sexy against my ear as he gently pulled my hands away from my pussy, reached between my legs from behind and easily inserted and withdrew his finger as I was so wet. I followed his instructions, sliding my hand between my legs as he fingered me slowly. I pressed my fingers to my clit and rubbed my hard nub, stroking faster as the stranger's fingers pushed deeper and faster into my wetness.
Before long, I'd forgotten the voyeur and the public nature of the place as I moaned and writhed against our combined fingers.
My stranger nibbled at my ear and said, 'dare you to jack him off.'
I opened my eyes and saw the voyeur had given up any pretence of covering his cock with his book. He was now crouched over, turned sideways, holding it in his hand, under the table.
He looked into my eyes, and I could see he had heard, and it was obvious he wanted me to stroke him. I mean, what guy would turn down a hand job from a semi-naked girl.
I knelt on the cold wooden floor and reached for him as he turned slightly towards me to make his cock available. My stranger knelt behind me and whispered encouragement as his fingers eased inside me.
As I started to push back at him, he started slipping his thumb into me, using his fingers to tease my lips and clit. I felt deliciously exposed.
The voyeur jumped as I steadied myself on his knee with one hand and took hold of him with the other. I worked pre-come from the head of his cock to his shaft, masturbating him with a steady pace as he gasped and panted.
In brief moments he said a very quiet 'oh', grabbed the seat with both hands and shot his load, some splashing on the carpet, some on my breasts. At the same time, I tensed in an orgasm so hard I shook all over as it ripped through me, drenching my stranger's hand as his fingers slowed and finally withdrew.
I sat back on my heels, still shaky from the orgasm, as our voyeur quickly tucked himself away and squeezed past, muttering, 'sorry', running off down one of the aisles. My stranger and I started laughing, but we muffled them as we heard voices.
As quick as possible, I wiped myself with wet wipes and tissue and stuffed my panties and bra into my bag, my dress still unfastened, hanging loose but pulled together, concealing me as two people rounded the corner. They walked past, looking me up and down appreciatively, nudging each other as they walked away.
My stranger smiled and said. 'The lace of your underwear showed nicely through your dress. However, now you don't have any on...'
He left the sentence hanging as I looked down and noticed my nipples and pubic region showed through the thin material.
I shrugged it off.
'Makes the walk to the car all the more exciting.' I smiled.
We chatted about my recent adventures as we walked back through the library. My stranger was right about my dress, and I enjoyed the admiring, shocked and bewildered glances as the sun caught the almost sheer material, showing me off.
We said our goodbyes and I thanked him for a beautiful, exciting time.
'Who knows, we might bump into each other again,' he said with a grin.
'Next week, maybe?' I said.
'Week after, I'm away on business, he grinned. 'Maybe you will have to entertain your new geek friends until then?'
And with that, we parted.