Madhu woke up early next day at about 6am as she had set the alarm just before sleeping. She was feeling very fresh in the morning as if she just had a new life now.
She picked up her clothes off the floor and she then stared at the dried whitish stain on the floor and then pulled the blanket off her bed and saw a huge stain there as well.
And then yesterday's events played out in her mind again as she just put on her clothes and changed the sheet, the clothes pins then fell off which she carefully placed in the bedside drawer.
She went to the kitchen and made herself a cup of tea and as she was about to drink it Veena's door opened and she came out wearing just panties and requested Madhu in a hoarse voice "make me a cup of tea please".
Madhu just handed her over her own tea and said "here, have mine. I'll make myself another" and she made another cup and joined her in the drawing room.
Madhu stared at Veena's breasts and her brazen display of her nudity, her breasts milky white with a pretty shade of red and purple at places topped with her pretty pink pert nipples, she looked hot and yummy she thought to herself and then looked at Veena quizzically.
Veena looked straight at Madhurima and said in a flat tone "you saw it all yesterday why ask?"
Madhurima was about to give an excuse but instead it came out of her mouth "you enjoyed it a lot right?" Veena laughed and nodded in response.
Veena said "yeah, you're more fun than I thought, I like you".
Madhu asked her "why not put on any clothes?"
Veena replied "I like it this way, and when I was alone in this apartment I never wore clothes" and with that she slipped off her panties and threw them on the sofa and continued drinking her tea.
Madhu was taken aback momentarily and deep down she wished that Veena would ask her to give her company and as if reading her mind Veena said "try it Madhu it'll be fun, in case you don't like it you can put your clothes back on".
Madhu acted shy and slowly got up and took off her clothes and sat naked quietly on the sofa continuing to sip her tea, but her hands were trembling already and she said "how did you know I was looking?"
Veena replied "you idiot, you left a stick in the middle of the room and you thought nobody would notice, then you left your door open and your clothes strewn across the room and by the way your puddle of juice made Rahul's foot wet" and as she finished her sentence she burst out laughing.
Madhu was blushing a deep shade of pink and said nothing and then hitting her side playfully Veena said "you enjoyed it quite a lot yourself and oh I had given you the clothes pins for your clothes".
Madhu was now crimson with shame and she continued to drink her tea. "So do you like it?" asked Veena.
Madhu looked puzzled so she continued "clothes pins on your nipples?" Madhu just nodded.
Veena immediately said "I want to see".
Madhu refused flatly but she was really insistent so as she finished her tea Madhu just got up and walked towards her room and brought out the pins with herself and then looked at Veena and pulled on her nipples which were already aroused with her standing naked and then just attached them to her tender tips and moaned each time.
Veena stared at her in amazement so Madhu took the lead now and said "try it" she just refused.
Madhu suggested "why not put some cotton or some cloth on it and then try" but Veena was not so sure.
Madhu picked up two clothes pins from the packet and came close to Veena and said "come on try it" as she was walking towards Veena.
Veena could not help but stare at the pink and blue clothes pins bouncing from her nipples with each step.
Madhu just held Veena's breasts and just applied it over her areola as her nipples were quite small to support the clothes pins and with each being applied Veena's knees bucked a little and she said "I never knew this could be fun, when did you find out Madhu?"
Madhu smiled and replied "yesterday". Both of them just sat down on the sofa and Madhu looked at the watch it was time for her to get ready for college.
Veena saw that and said "let's get ready but you're not going to college today, I'm taking you out shopping".
Madhu was not feeling like going to college either so she said "yeah, why not. I'll buy clothes like yours."
Veena said "how about me being in charge of your clothing for a week starting now?" Madhu nodded and both of them walked to their rooms with clothes pins attached to their nipples bouncing up and down for a shower.
Veena came out in a towel and saw Madhu was already outside wearing a kurta pyjama and she just blurted out "take this stupid dress off and come to my room."
Both of them were about the same height, and both of them slim so fitting should not be difficult Veena thought to herself although her breasts were definitely bigger but both of them had a slim waist and a nice round ass.
She asked Madhu to take off her clothes which she did and she was standing in her bra and panties as Veena was pulling out clothes from her almirah she said "all of your clothes Madhu".
Madhu quietly obeyed and then she saw that Veena took out a short denim jacket and a denim mini-skirt and then a short white skirt and a pink top. Veena just handed her the denim combination and started putting on her clothes.
Madhu looked quizzically and asked "without anything underneath this" and by now Veena was already putting on her make up and she just replied "Mmhmm".
Madhurima quietly obeyed and put them on and walked towards the mirror and she was shocked, she had never looked like this, she was looking quite hot. The buttons in the jacket were far enough to give a glimpse but not far enough to reveal everything and the hard fabric of the denim was rubbing her nipples and making them harder and the skirt was a good 8 inches above her knees.
Madhu then she looked at Veena, her top was off shoulder, loose, resting on her breasts and her nipples were apparent but not obvious and her skirt was ending just an inch or two below her crotch. She had nothing to complain about as they walked out and sat in Veena's car.
Just as they were exiting the gate she saw the guard, an old man with thick spectacles ogling at them and she looked at Veena in disgust and she just smiled and said "he's harmless, let him enjoy and anyways I doubt what he can possibly see with those glasses and by the way get used to people ogling at you".
As they exited the complex Veena pulled up her skirt which was loose higher up to almost her trimmed pubic hair and pulled her top down exposing half of her breasts but leaving her nipples concealed.
Madhu was shocked and Veena said open some buttons at the top and she undid one at the top and as Veena stared she undid another one.
Veena smiled and said "first we're going to have a brunch at UB city and then we'll plan for the day."
They got plenty of stares on the road including quite some honking. They came out of the parking and as they made up their way on the escalator to the restaurant both of them could feel a lot of eyes upon them.
They then entered a popular restaurant and after being seated Madhu realised her pussy was leaking along her thigh Veena just looked at her understandingly and laughed and said "get used to it".
After lunch they did some shopping there and bought a few clothes and on the drive back went to commercial street and bought a few more revealing dresses and heels. By the time they reached home it was getting dark and clouds had started forming in the sky again.
They dragged themselves to their apartment and the guard was only too happy to help them with their shopping to their apartment. They entered and tried offering money but he refused.
Veena asked him for the key to the roof top and he just took out the key and gave it to her without a word and said "don't lose it and I want the key tomorrow morning".
Veena nodded a yes. They made themselves a cup of coffee, tried on the clothes again and Veena's phone started to ring.
She declared that she is going out for dinner with her friends and went to her room to get dressed and for a shower.
Madhu just picked up her clothes and went to her room and got out of her denims and looked at her breasts with her nipples standing long and proud and pink.
She thought about how she enjoyed going commando and the feel of wind on her pussy in public places something she would never had experienced had she stayed back in her hometown.
Madhu then sauntered back into the drawing room to watch television and saw Veena all dressed up ready to leave and asked her "which one of the two is your boyfriend?".
Veena stared at Madhu who was standing naked with hands on her hips and replied smiling "the muscular guy, his name is Vijay. It seems to me that you have acquired a liking to being naked."
There was a knock on the door and as she went for the door she said "and the other guy is Rahul and he's a senior in your college only".
Madhu was standing naked in the middle of the room as she was about to open the door and Veena said "hide girl!! I'll count to three and open the door".
Madhu looked furtively at her and grabbed a small hand towel and tried to hide behind the sofa and Veena just laughed and opened the door.
Vijay entered and asked her for a bottle of water. Veena casually left the door open and went and got a bottle from the refrigerator while Madhu hid behind the sofa and as they were leaving he asked "where is your flat mate?"
Veena just closed the door behind and shouted "lock the door Madhu I'll be late".
Madhu got up and she could not believe how horny she was feeling from the excitement of being seen naked. Oh her nipples were craving for attention so she quickly twisted them between her thumb and finger and turned them around as if trying to tie a knot single handedly.
She just loved her nipples and the arousal they gave her but they were too big she thought to herself.
Her mind was now racing with thoughts of why did she feel so aroused when she felt she was nearly caught naked. She wanted that thrill again.
She started planning and then she saw the keys to the rooftop and saw it is starting to get darker.
As it started raining ideas started formed in her naughty mind. She quickly picked up and put on a white top and small cloth shorts from what they had bought today and put the keys, and clothes pins in the pocket and walked out on to the roof.
It was raining when she stepped out unlocking the door, the droplets of water cold, she remembered how her parents never allowed her to go out and get wet in the rain but now here she was alone in a big city living her dream.
She felt the big drops of water fall with force on her body which was tingling now as they hit her with force. She took off her sandals and was now barefoot as she walked to the end of the roof and she looked around, the city looked beautiful and more importantly there was nobody around.
She slowly peeled off her t-shirt and wiggled out of her shorts which were sticking onto her body like second skin and picked up her sandals and placed them in the farthest corner to reach where she would definitely need to cross the entrance and walked to the far end.
The thrill and the danger of being caught or being seen naked was giving her an adrenaline rush, a rush she could not explain.
To enhance it further she put the pins she was holding in her hands on her erect nipples and walked up to the corner where she could see the road light.
She saw a few people scurrying around in rain oblivious she thought to the young naked girl on the rooftop exposing everything.
She was playing with her little bud now and was moaning knowing that no one could hear her. She continued to rub her clitoris in circles and occasionally pulled on her clitoris a little. She looked at the nipples squeezed by the clothes pins. "Were they turning purple?" she thought to herself.
She could not be sure as she continued to rub her clitoris and pussy lips. The cold rain water was numbing the sensations emanating from the nipples probably. Her whole breasts were actually tingly from the cold raindrops falling on her with force.
Then suddenly she thought she heard some sound and she turned around and saw the guard standing near the gate and looking in her direction.
She did not stop instead she turned around and continued rubbing herself and the guard then seemed to walk towards her carrying an umbrella.
She was so scared and aroused that her knees buckled and she had an orgasm letting out a whimper from her mouth "aahhhh".
Madhu's knees nearly touched the floor and she got up and knowing she was caught naked she remained in the bent position to cover her nudity and then got up and started running away from the guard and towards her clothes.
She picked them up and ran down the stairs with her breasts bouncing and the pins attached to them.
As they lived on the top floor she tried to open the door and she realised it was latched from inside and she started banging the door Veena opened the door with her mascara running down her eyes which were red visibly from crying and then she looked up and saw Madhu standing naked in front of her wet from her head down.
Veena pulled her inside, shut the door and ran inside and got her a towel and started wiping her. She looked strangely at Madhu who was speechless and then she cringed looking at her nipples, they were almost purple from the tips so Veena carefully removed the clothes pins from them and immediately Madhu winced.
After drying her she wrapped the towel on her head and made her sit and took her clothes from her hand and put them out in the balcony.
As she came back Madhu asked "why were you crying?"
Veena said "my best friend ditched me and called me a slut in front of everyone in college, I hate that bitch" and started crying again.
Madhu just pulled her close and hugged her, her breasts were touching Veena's cheek with her nipples still blue near her mouth. Madhu said "don't worry, I'm your breast friend now".
Veena burst out laughing and said "u meant best right?" and then both of them laughed and continued to hug each other and then there was a massive lightening and the lights went out.
Madhu felt a tongue on her nipple, and she thought it is not possible but then it happened again so she looked at Veena in the dim lighting and saw her licking her nipple and she did not say anything and she just let her continue, it actually felt good to have her warm mouth on her nipple.
After about 5 minutes Veena got up and said "by the way what the hell were you doing outside naked?"
Madhu narrated her entire story with concern that Veena would judge her but instead she just smiled and lit a few candles and said "cool, so you enjoy that kind of stuff" and Madhu was relieved.
She then said that she left the door open by mistake and the lock and key to the roof are now in a corner Veena smiled and said let's go get them.
Both of them got up and Madhu started walking towards her room to get her clothes when Veena said "come out like this only, why worry, there is nobody on this floor".
Veena walked up to her and pulled her hand and opened the door and switched on the light in her mobile as they made their way up the dark stairs.
As they reached the last step Veena shut off the light and just as Madhu was about to speak she held her hand tightly as the guard was standing there and looking for something.
Veena asked him "what are you looking for" he replied "looking for motor switch, I can't see because of my bad vision and also my torch is not working" both of them just giggled.
Madhu was standing just a stair below Veena completely naked and then he went on to say "why did you run and leave the door open Veena?" and both of them giggled again.
Veena then whispered to Madhu "where did you leave the lock".
Madhu replied "it's right behind the door".
Veena offered to switch on the motor and after doing that she walked out to find the lock and key leaving Madhu behind and she stood still with her breath held covering her nipples with one hand and the other hand over her pussy as the guard just walked down past her almost as she did not exist, "he's blind as a bat" she thought to herself.
Veena returned and they quickly locked the gate and came back down to their room. Still there was no electricity.
"Why did that old fool want to switch on the motor when there was no electricity" Madhu thought to herself.
In the candle light Veena asked her "did you enjoy being so close and naked to that man?"
Madhu just replied "yes, I like it and I also like when you licked my nipples" it was now Veena's turn to blush.
Madhu said you've had a bad day let's order in pizza and she called and ordered it in. And they continued their chit chat.
There was knocking on the door and they knew it must be the delivery guy, both of them just looked into each others eye and they both had the same crazy idea.
Veena opened the door and asked the pizza guy to put the pizza on the table while Madhu had just a towel wrapped around her and while handing over the money she made sure her towel fell down and as the guy stared at her with open mouth she made no attempt to cover up and instead faked shock and brought her hands to her mouth.
Veena waited for a few moments and then said "hey, quit staring and get lost".
As he left and Veena closed the door Madhu plopped on the sofa and Veena just came close to her and touched her pussy lips which were wet and just then she got up and said in surprise "you're a virgin!"
Madhu just nodded, well "even I was when I came here, but not anymore she said waving her finger in the air" both of them laughed and ate their pizza in darkness.
Veena said I'm going to sleep, and while walking towards her room she said "why don't you sleep in with me today? I'll feel better".
Listening to this Madhu got up and followed her to her room. Veena got out of her clothes in a jiffy and both of them jumped in her bed.
Veena was the first to start with kissing Madhu on her lips and then she climbed up on her with their breasts and pelvis in contact with each other. "I've never done this" both of them blurted out together and then got back to kissing each other.
Madhu's nipples were her weakness and Veena knew this well so she deliberately avoided touching or kissing them while she kissed and licked her breasts upto her navel.
Madhu was shivering and now begging Veena to play with her nipples but Veena was not letting her have the fun and to prevent her she had her hands pinned on the bed.
She then went down to her virgin pussy and licked her, Madhu shook as she had never felt a warm tongue on her. Veena continued to lick her pussy and just prodded with her tongue into her virgin hole Madhu moaned out loud and just at that moment Veena grabbed her nipples and pulled and twisted them hard like there was no tomorrow continuing to tongue her vagina.
Madhu was now thrashing around in the bed as Veena continued with her relentlessly Madhu tried to get her away but she just would not stop and she continued lapping her up keeping Madhu's nipples twist-squeezed.
She knew it was building up and then she felt she squirted a little and she felt Veena was taken aback but now she did not want her to back down and she pulled her head closer and Veena immediately understood and gave it her all and Madhu let out a guttural cry and squirted so much that Veena's face and even be breasts were wet with her fluid.
Veena was extremely aroused by looking at this and she kissed her pussy again and then she looked at Madhu who was out of breath but not completely spent.
Madhu pulled Veena close and kissed her and said I want to lick you too and then they changed positions and Veena now kept a few pillows under her to prop herself up and Madhu immediately got to the job of licking her and she felt that she was already wet as she licked up and down her slit Veena pointed out the spot to her and taught her how to go about it.
Madhu was a fast learner and she quickly understood by her moans what she wanted. Veena played with her own and Madhu's breasts alternatively. As she was nearing her orgasm Madhu got even more even more aggressive and Veena was panting now and she went for Madhu's nipples and twisted them as hard as she could and Madhu also moaned and Veena was now nearing her orgasm so she pulled her nipples harder and she shuddered as her orgasm hit her.
Both were now exhausted and they just hugged and went off to sleep.