[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Holly-Cam
Part-9
(A short recap from Part-8)
After the introductory small talk, Holly surprised me by jumping in with both feet and bluntly asking Kim, "So, do you share your husband with newcomers?"
Kim gave Holly a playful grin, and said, "Especiallynewcomers. We want everyone to feel welcome, you know. And Mom and Dad, here, have taught mesomuch about sharing."
She then went on to entertain us with the erotic story of how she had been brought into the taboo folds of the already-incestuous family during a vacation to a clothing-optional Caribbean beach resort.
When she was done with her hot taboo story, which included the family acting out a babysitter fantasy, I was glad that I was wearing black slacks, because my swollen dick was drooling down my leg. I looked down at Joe's crotch, and could easily see that he was having the same reaction ... just more obviously in his khaki slacks.
I could tell from the way that Holly was shifting her weight that her pussy was likely tingling and wet from the steamy story, as well.
Kim grinned, obviously knowing that she had gotten the reactions she had hoped for from all of us, and she sidled up to Holly, looped her hand through her arm, and said, "I hope you won't mind if I join in with you and my hubby."
"Oh, please do!" Holly replied and gave Kim a passionate kiss as she roamed her hand over her bare back and all the way down to and over her cute little shorts-covered ass.
When they broke the kiss, Kim motioned for her husband to join them in a hug, and as he stepped over, she looked at me, and said, "You'reokay with this, right?"
"Hell, yes!" I said as I rubbed the bulge in my pants. "It's like I'm living out one ofmyfantasies!"
Part-9
Bobby put his arms around my wife, and gave her a warm kiss. When it ended, Holly looked over at me, and said, "I love you so much, baby!" She then went into a series of steaming kisses, switching between Kim and Bobby, and even taking on both of their mouths at the same time.
I forced my eyes from my wife and her two new partners for a moment, and noticed that the others had moved away to meet and join the other people in the room—who had also begun to get intimate.
Kim motioned for me to join them, but I shook my head, and said, "A little later. Right now, the voyeur in me wants to watch my gorgeous wife get taken by a couple of strangers."
"Oh! She likes to betaken, huh?" Kim said with a cute-but-devilish little grin. "Well, why don't you take that stiff dick out of your pants so you can jerk it off, and sit down there while we give you something to watch."
Ten seconds later, I had extracted my boner out through my fly, had sat down on the easy chair, and was wiping the pre-cum over my cock-head and down the length of my dick.
As Bobby and Holly kissed and ground their bodies against one another, Kim moved around behind Holly and hugged her tightly, as well. She slid her hands in between the other bodies, and cupped Holly's tits.
As my wife and her husband made out, Kim mashed and squeezed Holly's tits through the thin fabric of her top. She then slid her fingers into the deep v of the neckline, and pulled it down, hooking it under Holly's new bra. The bra was lacy red, and pushed my wife's tits up and together, and out into wonderful, puffy-topped prominence.
Looking over Holly's shoulder Kim slid her fingers and thumbs onto Holly's swollen nipples, and as she began to squeeze and twist—gently, at first—she said to her husband, "Oh, baby! She has puffies! That is so hot! I can't wait to suck on them! Bring your hands up here, and feel them. They're so soft and sexy!"
He brought his hands up, and still locked in a hot kiss, he wrapped his hands around Holly's tits, squeezing and mashing them, and causing her already-swollen nipples to bulge even more, and rub against the fabric of his shirt.
As Bobby slid his fingers out along the forced cone shapes of my wife's tits, Kim slid her hands down over Holly's belly to her crotch. While Bobby squeezed and rolled Holly's nipples, Kim pressed her hand against Holly's pussy mound, and ground her fingers around through the light cloth of her skirt.
Holly was moaning into Bobby's mouth, and my dick was drooling pre-cum as I watched her making out with these two attractive and sexy strangers. It brought to mind a different variation of my pizza-guy fantasy where he shows up with his girlfriend, and Holly ends up in a hot three-way, eating her first pussy while she gets fucked from behind.
I grabbed a couple of tissues from a box sitting next to the chair (I noticed that they were placed strategically all around the room), and laid them under my dick to catch its dripping. No sense getting my pants even more cum-soaked than they already were.
Kim noticed what I was doing, and she said, "Not jerking off? Not hot enough for you?"
"Oh, it's plenty hot watching you two grope my wife!" I replied. "But the longer I can go hands-free, the longer I'll last and the bigger my load will be when I do blow it."
"That's pretty good self-control," she said. Then with that devilish grin, she added, "Let's see how long you can maintain it."
With her two hands, Kim took the hem of Holly's short skirt and pulled it up, bunching it around her waist. Holly was wearing a red garter belt to match her bra, with stringers that connected to the tops of dark nylon stockings.
As Kim ground her pelvis—still covered by her shorts—into Holly's naked ass, she pressed her palm hard against her pussy mound, and wiggled her fingers into the soft, wet lips below it.
Holly was groaning as she sucked on Bobby's lips and tongue while she had both of her hands on the back of his head, holding his face hard against hers.
"Oh, baby!" Kim said to her husband while she squirmed her fingers between Holly's legs, "She has a nice soft flower-petal pussy! And God, she's so wet!"
Kim pushed a finger up into Holly's cunt-hole and slowly twisted it around, and Holly moaned, "Oh, fuck!" into Bobby's mouth.
As Kim slowly fingered my wife's pussy, she whispered into her ear, "Reach down and undo his shorts!" It wasn't a suggestion, but a command, and Holly readily complied.
A few fumbling seconds later Holly pushed the shorts off of Bobby's hips, and he kicked them aside. At the same time, he grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled it off over his head without bothering to unbutton it.
The sight of this young, well-built guy standing there naked, in front of my loving wife with her tits sticking out of her splayed blouse, and her pussy and ass exposed by her hiked-up skirt, was as hot as anything my fantasies had ever produced! Probably hotter, because this was reality!
As he kicked his shorts away, Bobby stood separated from my wife for a few moments, and I got a good look at his freed erection.
It was not quite as thick as mine, but had a well-defined knob of a head that was a good deal fatter than the rest of the dick. The most notable thing about this young guy's stiff cock, though, was its curve.
Kanoa's dick (the only other stiff dick I'd seen in real life) had a gentle upward curve, and I'd seen plenty of erections in porn movies and pictures that bent up or bent down, but Bobby's cock had a distinct and curioushookto it!
As he stood there naked, his dick pointed slightly upward, but about an inch or so back from its fat head, it took a sharp bend, so that the head was pointingstraightup.
I used the wordcuriousnot only because his contorted cock was so unique to me, but also because I was curious about what it would feel like to suck on it. I was envisioning my lips closed tightly around his shaft while the spongy, fat head was pressed up into the roof of my mouth. I was trying to imagine the feeling of that head filling and sliding back and forth over my palate as I bobbed my head giving him a blowjob or as he fucked my mouth.
I was also curious about what it was going to feel like for Holly when he plunged it into her pussy. It would have to stimulate her cunt in a way she never experienced. I envisioned the big head repeatedly grinding back and forth over her g-spot as he fucked her.
As I sat there pondering his interesting cock, he moved back in close to Holly. Kim still had the heel of her hand grinding against Holly's pussy mound, and she took her husband's fat cock-head in her fingers, and guided it to my wife's dripping wet cunt-hole. With a slight rock of his hips, I could tell that he had poked that big spongy knob straight up into Holly's cunt.
My assumption was verified when Holly sucked in a huge lungful of air, and then exhaled, "Oh, fuck, yes! Good God, that feels awesome!"
A smile spread across Kim's face at Holly's reaction to having her husband's unique dick plugged into her pussy. It must have been the same reaction that all women had when they first got a standing-frontal-fuck by that big-headed hooked cock.
With her hand still covering Holly's pussy mound, and her fingers still wrapped around her husband's embedded cock, Kim began grinding the heel of her hand into Holly's clit. Then, as she wiggled her fingers through Holly's stretched and juicy pussy lips, Bobby began to gently rock his hips.
His motions would have been just enough to cause that fat cock-head to squirm around inside the first inch or two of Holly's pussy, and as I was imagining what Holly must have been feeling inside of her cunt, Kim spoke into her ear and confirmed my suspicion.
"You like having that fat cock-head rubbing your g-spot, Holly?" Kim said.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" Holly repeated. "I'veneverbeen fucked like this before!" Then, she suddenly turned to me, and said, "Sorry, baby. But it's just ..."
"Hey, it's okay, sweetheart," I interrupted her apology. "That has to feel way different than any fuckI'veever given you. Go ahead and enjoy it; I'm enjoying the hell out of watching you!"
A little grin crept across Holly's face, and she said, "Whatare you enjoying, honey? Use your words."
I smiled, and replied, "I'm enjoying the hell out of seeing my fantastic wife with her bulging tits sticking out of her blouse and her skirt bunched up to show her naked ass and her cunt to everyone who wants to see them! I'm enjoying watching her get her juicy cunt fucked by a stranger with a crooked cock that his young wife fed into her pussy and is teasing her with!"
Kim laughed, and said, "Oh, you guys are too much fun! Bobby's folks are going to want to spend time with you two!"
As her husband rocked his hips, fucking Holly's pussy with short, slow stokes that never went more than a couple inches deep, Kim raised her pussy-juice covered fingers to my wife's mouth. She eagerly sucked on them as Kim backed away just enough to use her other hand to pull off her own halter top and unfasten her shorts.
When her shorts dropped, I was rewarded with the sight of a small, round ass with a distinct bikini-bottom tan line. I looked at her tits, and saw that they had little triangular tan lines, as well.
The look was very sexy—especially on her "schoolgirl" body—but it surprised me; I would have expected this little vixen to have been a frequent visitor to the nude beach. And I was actually right. She would explain later that she did spend a lot of time at "Lana's beach," but that she painted on an invisible bikini with high-SPF sunscreen to get the tan lines ... something that both of her in-laws found especially sexy.
Kim moved back in and rubbed her hips against Holly's naked ass, and at the same time used the fingers still in her mouth to pull her head back. Into her ear, she said, "You want to suck on that cock, don't you? You want to take that twisted dick in your mouth and give it a blowjob while your hubby looks on, don't you?"
An emphatic "Mmm!" was the mumbled reply.
Kim put her hands on Holly's shoulders, and with no real force required, pushed her to her knees. The crooked cock, glistening with her pussy juice was right in her face, and she immediately opened her mouth to take it in.
She sucked on the fat, upturned head for a moment, and then slid her lips farther down the shaft, taking at least half of it into her mouth. She reached out and took Bobby's tight ass in her hands, and started bobbing her head up and down his dick, She was moving her head in an up-down, nodding motion at the same time, no doubt to get that fat head in contact with the top of her mouth.
Watching her give this handsome, athletic young stranger a blowjob made me a bit jealous. But not because another guy was fucking my wife's mouth, but because it wasn'tmymouth. Funny how quickly I had completely embraced the bi lifestyle once I tried it!
As Holly sucked her husband's cock, Kim turned to the sofa that was nearby, and with an obviously practiced lift and a tug, had it pulled out into a bed.
The thought of watching Bobby on top of my wife, shoving that curious cock up her cunt caused my own dick to pulse and ooze a good drool of pre-cum, which I caught with my hand, and used as lube to make a couple of long, slow strokes up and down my increasingly-impatient cock.
Suddenly, from behind me, a female voice said, "You need some help with that, sweetheart?"
I turned, and watched as a gorgeous, tall, complete naked black woman came around in front of me.
She had long legs and a short torso, wide hips, a narrow waist, and very generous tits with enormous, nearly-black nipples. Her pussy—which was right at eye level—was shaven, smooth, and very dark.
"I'm Kiki," she said as she lowered herself to her knees. Titling her head toward my wife, she added, "You're the new couple, Holly and Ted, huh?" She reached for my belt, and went on, "You're the kinky voyeur who helped Lana out of her dickophobia."
"My reputation precedes me, apparently," I said. "Right now, this kinky voyeur is about to watch his hot wife get her pussy fucked by another guy, for the very first time."
"Don't worry, sweetheart, I won't distract you ... well, not too much," she said with a big smile. "I want to watch that, too. Your wife is beautiful!"
"Thanks," I said as I lifted my ass so she could pull my pants down. As she tugged at my waistband, she clamped her mouth over the drooling head of my cock, and all the while that she slid the pants down my legs and threaded them off my feet, she sucked and swirled her tongue over my knob.
I expected (hoped!) that she was going to take my dick farther into her mouth—I was imagining it going right down her slender throat—but instead, she let the head pop free, and stood up. But she quickly climbed onto my lap and guided my cock to her pussy. In one glorious slow movement, she settled down on me, impaling her cunt with my boner, in the classic cowgirl position.
I let out a long "Ohh!" as her pussy enveloped my attention-hungry cock, and with my mouth still open in a moan, she covered my lips with hers.
Her wide mouth and full lips were a unique experience for me, and we kissed passionately as she rocked and lifted her hips, giving herself a deep slow fuck with my cock.
A squeak from a bed being climbed onto made me break the hot kiss, and mumble, "Sorry, Kiki, but I need to watch this!"
She turned and looked as well. Holly's blouse and skirt were gone, leaving her pink-topped tits jutting out of her push-up bra and her lovely ass framed by her garter and dark stocking-tops. She laid herself out across the bed on her back with her knees up and her legs spread. The soft wet folds of her pussy—exposed to her new lover and his young wife—faced directly at Kiki and me.
"Oh, I want to watch this, too!" Kiki said as she lifted herself off of my dick.
That was not the reaction that I was hoping for, and I said, "No offence, Kiki. I didn't mean I wanted you to leave."
"Oh, I'm not leaving, sweetheart!" she said as she turned around. "I just want a good view, too."
She backed toward me, and I ran my hands over the smooth, chocolate-colored globes of her magnificent ass. She reached between her legs and took hold of my cock to guide it back to her pussy ... or so I thought.
Instead, she rubbed the fat head of my dick—wet with her pussy juice—against the almost-black pucker of her asshole. As she wiggled her ass and lowered herself gently, she said, "You do anal, right?"
As the head of my cock popped inside the tight little circle of muscle, I replied in a half moan, "Oh, yes! Holly's gotten into anal just recently!"
She rocked her hips, tugging on my cock-head with her tight asshole, and then, as she began to lower herself down onto my slippery cock, she said, "I heard you just turned bi yourself; do youtakeanal as well asgiveit?"
"Good news travels fast," I said as I watched and felt my fat cock disappearing into Kiki's tightly stretched asshole. "I haven't tried taking a dick up my ass, yet," I went on, "but Holly's been priming me with her butt plug. She really wants to see me try it. She loved seeing mesucka cock."
"Oh, that's awesome!" she said as her generous ass cheeks made contact with my legs, and my entire cock was buried deep in her bowels. "My boyfriend would just love to be the first in your virgin ass, if that's okay with you."
As she spoke, she reached between our legs, and began to massage my balls as she gently swiveled her hips, churning my dick around in her tight ass.
The vision of her boyfriend that leapt to mind was of a big muscular dude with a dick that would make a pony envious.
My hesitation and my "Um ..." in reply to her suggestion made her chuckle, and she said, "Don't worry, sweetheart; he's not a BBC; he's an ABC. That meansaverageblack cock." She wiggled her ass, and added, "His cock stretches my little asshole about the same as yours does."
She took my hands from her ass and cupped them under her big tits, as I replied noncommittally, "I, um, look forward to meeting him ... I think."
With my hands full of her weighty, soft tits, and my cock buried in her tight asshole, Kiki said, "We'll get to that later." With a nod toward the bed in front of us, she added, "Right now, we've got front-and-center seats to watch your lovely wife get her hungry cunt fucked by a stranger."
I looked over, but could no longer see Holly's glistening pussy. Instead, I was looking at Kim's trim little tan-lined ass. She was bent at the waist with her face buried in my wife's pussy. Standing beside her, Bobby gently stroked the end his odd cock with a "twist-of-the-wrist" motion.
Finally, Kim lifted her face from Holly's pussy and crawled up onto the bed beside her. She leaned down and gave her a pussy-flavored kiss, and then turned herself around onto her knees with Holly's head between her legs. Rather than plant her pussy in my wife's face, though, Kim lifted Holly's head, and nestled it, as if on a pillow, into her lap.
"You should be able to watch Bobby fuck your hot little pussy, too," Kim said. "Just like your hubby and his new friend are going to do."
Holly looked over at me and saw a beautiful black woman sitting on my stiff cock while I massaged her big tits and stroked her nipples. She gave me a big smile and then blew me a kiss.
"I love you, baby!" I said to her. "I hope you enjoy that cock as much as I'm going like seeing you get your wet cunt stranger-fucked for the first time!"
Kim took Holly's legs and pulled them up and wide apart as Bobby crawled onto the bed. He kept his own legs spread—so that I could see, I presume—and guided his dick to Holly's pussy.
He pushed the big knob and the first couple inches of hooked cock into my wife's cunt, and began rocking his hips giving her pussy a shallow, teasing fuck.
"Oh, my God!" Holly moaned as Bobby's fat upturned cock-head rubbed back and forth over her g-spot.
Smiling at Holly's reaction to her husband's unique dick, Kim reached down and began to play with Holly's bulging nipples, massaging their softness at first, but gradually pinching and pulling harder and harder.
As Kim tugged on Holly's nipples, her husband began pushing his cock deeper up her cunt with each rock of his hips. Each new penetration deeper into her pussy was timed with a pull on Holly's nipples, and met with a pleasing, "Mmm!" from Holly's tightly closed lips.
When Bobby finally had his whole cock buried balls-beep in my wife's cunt he held it there, and wiggled his hips, churning it around deep inside her.
Holly let out a low contented moan, and Kim said to her, "You like that, Holly? You like a big strange cock stuffed up your faithful-wife cunt for the first time?"
"Oh, fuck, yes!" she answered.
"I think your hubby does, too!" Kim went on, "Look at him staring right at your stretched pussy, filled with some other guy's hard cock! He's got his dick up Kiki's ass, but that's just a way of jerking off while he watches his sweet, loving wife get fucked by a stranger!"
Holly looked over at me, and on panting breaths, she said, "You like that, baby? You like seeing a big strange cock filling your darling wife's devoted cunt? You want to watch him really fuck me? You want me to be a slut wife for you?"
"Oh, fuck, yes!" I answered as Kiki was bobbing her ass up and down my stiff dick. "Do it, baby! Be a slut for me! Let him fuck his fat cock up your hot cunt until you blow your pussy juice all over it! Make him cum inside you, and I'll eat your hot fucking cream pie!"
Bobby began to pound his bent cock in and out of my wife's pussy faster and faster until he was fucking her furiously.
As I stared at my wife's cunt, stretched and being fucked by a strange cock, I was hearing the hot squishing sounds of its increasing wetness and also Holly's moaning at the forceful assault on her pussy. Then, suddenly, her moans were gone.
I shifted my focus to see that Kim had changed her position, and was now straddling Holly's head, and grinding her pussy into my wife's face.
"Eat my cunt, Holly!" Kim demanded, though quite unnecessarily. "Lick my pussy while my hubby fucks your hungry slut-wife cunt!"
Less than half a minute later, I heard Holly mumble, "Oh, fuck!" into Kim's pussy as her own cunt exploded with a massive orgasm.
Her pussy juice gushed around the fat cock that kept ramming up her cunt, making the sloppy wet sounds all the hotter.
It didn't take much longer for Holly's clutching, gushing cunt to have Bobby's cock ready to blow, and he groaned, "Oh, yeah! Here we go! I'm gonna cum!"
"Do it, baby!" Kim commanded him as she ground her pussy into my wife's face. "Fill her slut-wife cunt with your spunk so her hubby can eat it out! Fuck her, baby! Fuck her with your fat twisted cock!"
Bobby shoved his cock all the way up Holly's cunt, and held it there. By his low, throaty growl and the clenching of his ass-cheeks, I knew he was pumping his hot cum deep inside her.
Then he made several short jabs of his cock into the depths of her cunt, each one, I suspected, delivering yet another squirt of his hot jism deep into my wife's pussy.
When he finally relaxed and began to slowly withdraw his dick from Holly's pussy, Kiki lifted her ass off my cock, and said, "You're up, sweetheart! Get over there and eat that hot cream pie from your slut-wife's fresh-fucked pussy!"
Kiki's disengagement from my cock was perfectly timed. Another two or three slides up and down its length with that tight brown pucker would have had me blowing my load into her guts. As it was, it left me right on the brink, with an awesome build-up of cum filling my balls.
As I made my way to the bed, Bobby had withdrawn all but the head of his cock from Holly's pussy, and Kim had lifted Holly's head—her face soaked and glistening with pussy juice—back into her lap.
"I hear you like to watch your hubby suck cock," Kim said to Holly. "You want to see him suck on the one that just fucked his nasty little slut-wife pussy?"
"Oh, yeah!" Holly replied with a wide smile. To me, she said, "Do it, baby! Suck on his crooked dick! Clean my juice off the fat stranger-cock that just fucked your darling wife's cunt full of cum!"
Bobby pulled his still-hard dick from Holly's pussy, and fed it directly into my open mouth. I clamped my lips around the fat cock-head, sucked and tongued for a moment, and then let my lips slide along that curious bend.
As I had imagined, the spongy head pressed into my palate, and as I moved my head forward, it slid along the roof of my mouth, all the way to the opening of my throat. Surprisingly, it didn't trigger my gag reflex, and I bobbed up and down its length a few times.
"Oh, shit! That's all I can take, man!" Bobby said as he pulled his bent dick from my mouth. "My head's too sensitive for any more sucking right now. Besides, I think you have a cream pie to eat!"
He moved out of the way, and I got on my knees in front of my wife's just-fucked pussy. Kim was still holding Holly's legs up and apart, and she was cradling her head in her lap so she could watch.
"Eat it, baby!" Holly told me. "Put your mouth over my slut-wife cunt and suck that stranger's hot cum out of me!" She put her hands on the back of my head, and mashed my face firmly into her sloppy wet pussy lips.
I opened my mouth covering as much of her just-fucked pussy as I could, and I stuck out my tongue, wiggling it through the wet folds, searching for the thick bead of white cum that I had seen there.
I found it, sucked it in, and swished it around to taste it. It was different, yet again, from the taste my own or Kanoa's cum, but I liked it just as well, and I began probing and sucking for more.
Holly was moaning contentedly, and as I lapped, sucked, and tongue-fucked her pussy, I brought my hand up, and gently inserted a finger up her pussy-juice-soaked asshole.
"Oh, yeah!" she said as she rocked my face back and forth across her pussy. "Fuck my little asshole while you eat my cunt! Make me cum again, baby! Make me gush all that stranger-spunk out of my cunt and into your mouth!"
As I finger-fucked Holly's ass while forcing my face harder into her sloppy pussy than I think I ever had before, I felt something spreading my knees farther apart on the bed.
Just as I took a moment to look, I heard Kiki say, "Ted, this is my husband, Lenny. If you have no objections, he's going to suck on you fat cock while you eat your wife's cream-pie pussy."
Husband?I said to myself.I thought she said he was her boyfriend.
He scooted in under my hanging dick and wrapped his mouth around its head. I quickly concluded to myself,But who gives a fuck?and said out loud, "Nice to meet you, Lenny. No objection, at all! Please do!"
As Lenny sucked and swirled his tongue around my drooling cock-head, Kiki reached in and began jerking me off.
With the long right-to-the-brink build-up that Kiki had given me with her ass, I knew I wasn't going to last long, and I planted my face back in Holly's pussy to try to get her to cum with me.
As I jabbed my finger up her asshole, and my tongue as deep into her cunt as I could, and as I heard her breathing begin to quicken I knew she was creeping up on another orgasm. Then she let out a little, "Oh, yeah! Do that! Pull on my squishy fucking nipples!" I peeked to see that Kim had Holly's nipples pinched between her fingers again, pulling, stretching, and twisting.
My own subtle noises and body-language apparently told Kiki that I was getting near my orgasm, too. As Lenny bobbed his mouth up and down the first few inches of my cock while she jerked it off, I felt Kiki's face press against my upturned ass, and then felt her tongue tickling my asshole.
I let out a moan into Holly's pussy, and wiggled my hips. Kiki then pushed her tongue into my tight little sphincter, coordinating her tongue-fucks up my ass with her strokes on my raging cock in Lenny's mouth.
I raised my face from Holly's pussy just long enough to say, "Fuck my ass, Kiki! Shove your fingers up my tight little asshole!" I then plastered my face back into Holly's cunt to get her to cum as quickly as I knew I was going to.
I felt Kiki leave a drool of spit on my asshole as her face pulled away, and I wiggled my ass, again, anticipating her finger—orfingers—going in and poking my prostate.
But what began to spread my tight virgin asshole was bigger than Kiki's finger, and I quickly realized it was a cock-head.
"This is my boyfriend, Mitch, Ted," Kiki said to me. "You okay if he fucks your tight white ass while Lenny sucks your dick?"
I broke my connection with my wife's cum-filled pussy just long enough to say, "Oh, yeah! Go for it, man! Fuck my virgin asshole!"
I felt my tight sphincter widen farther and farther to accept the fat knob, and the searing pain caused me to suck in my breath. But as soon as the spongy head popped inside me and my pucker shrunk around it—though only a fraction—the burning sting dropped just enough to be at the top of the pain/pleasure scale, and I quickly started to enjoy the stretched feeling of my first ass-fuck. I silently thanked Holly for "training" me with her butt plug to be able to relax against that assault on my ass.
Mitch continued to push his "average black cock" up my ass, and when its fat head poked into my prostate it sent what felt like a bolt of lightning down my own cock all the way to the head in Lenny's mouth.
I sucked in my breath, again, and moaned into Holly's cunt as I wiggled my ass, getting Mitch's cock-head to rub my prostate, and bobbing my own cock-head around in Lenny's sucking mouth at the same time.
Apparently, the sight of this black guy straddling me and shoving his stiff cock up my ass was just the trigger that Holly needed, and I felt the muscles in her legs tense up, heard her moan, "Oh, yeah! Fuck his tight little asshole! Shove you big black cock up my hubby's ass!" And then I felt her pussy spasm against my face, and my mouth was flooded her hot, salty cunt juice.
I sucked and swished as fast as I could, looking for that different taste of Bobby's cum with the familiar taste of Holly's. I couldn't separate the two tastes, but I could tell that Bobby's spunk was mixed in as Holly's cunt continued to gush its juices and empty its contents into my sucking mouth.
Mitch continued to shove his cock deeper up my ass, and the feel of it gliding over my prostate was off the charts and quickly brought me right to the edge of my orgasm.
Apparently, Kiki, her husband, and her boyfriend all sensed that, and they seemed to coordinate their sucking, jerking, and ass fucking to pull my trigger.
The first blast of my pent-up cum was so hard and so long that it almost felt like I was pissing my cum into Lenny's mouth.
The stretch of my asshole and the feel of Mitch's fat cock-head bobbing back and forth over my prostrate as he fucked my ass; the feel of Kiki's fist flying up and down my pulsing cock as she jerked me off; and the feel of Lenny's lips pulling on my own cock-head as it erupted in his mouth all caused my cock to keep pumping shot after shot of thick cum out through my tiny pee hole.
Finally, at just about the same time that my wife's pussy seemed to be running out of hot pussy juice, my cock-head reached its super-sensitive threshold, and I had to pull it from Lenny's mouth.
Knowing they had brought me as far into orgasmic ecstasy as they could, Mitch disengaged his cock from my ass, and Kiki let go of my dick, letting me flop over on my back next to my gorgeous wife to catch my breath.
Holly spun herself around on the bed, and covered my mouth with a hot, passionate kiss. When she finally lifted her face, she looked into my eyes, and with a huge smile she said, "I love you so much, baby! God, that was so hot to see you with a fat cock up your ass!"
"I love you, too, baby!" I said. "I'm glad you enjoyed that. I really liked watching you get your slut-wife-cunt fucked by a strange cock, too!"
She smiled, and as she leaned down to kiss me, again, she said, "My, how things have changed in two weeks!"
"Change is good!" I replied just before her lips covered mine.
***
A little while later, I was sitting in one of the easy chairs with Holly snuggling on my lap. We were both still naked, and were enjoying a drink as we looked out at the activity in the big room.
Lana was kneeling in another chair as the Hawaiian waiter—apparently off duty after happy hour—fucked her clamshell pussy from behind. A cute Asian woman with tiny tits and almost boyish hips—another "schoolgirl" candidate—sat on the back of the chair getting her bald cunt lapped, sucked, and fingered by Lana.
We spotted Joe on one of the beds, fucking a mature-but-still-stunning woman, missionary style, while two guys stood above her, and Joe alternated between sucking their cocks. Making up for lost time?
We picked out Sandy on another bed as she sat astride one black guy—this one with a certifiable BBC!—as another—with an ABC—knelt behind her and fucked her ass. A dark Latino guy stood at her head, and fucked her mouth, shoving his long, thin dick all the way down her throat every fourth of fifth stroke. A woman in a black crisscrossed-leather mistress-of-the-dark outfit stood next to them and appeared to be directing the action with encouraging words of filth to all four of them.
***
Before the long evening ended, I did lots of fucking, sucking, and lapping, and had three more orgasms. The first of the trio was with Kalani as she graciously indulged my girlfriend's-mom fantasy.
We were both naked when I approached her, and I said, "Oh, I'm sorry, Mrs. J! I didn't know your were getting ready to take a shower, too! I thought I was alone here. I was just going to clean up before Missy got home from school."
She smiled, immediately getting the cheesy set-up, and replied, "Oh, I hope I haven't embarrassed you by making you see your girlfriend's old mother all naked!"
"Heck, no!" I played along, scanning up and down her body. "I've always thought you were beautiful, Mrs. J. It's obvious where Missy getshersexy looks."
She cupped her full tits, hefting their weight and encircling their dark nipples with her fingers and thumbs. "But Missy has those nice perky tits," she said. "Surely, these saggy old things can't be attractive to you."
"Oh, God, Mrs. J!" I said. "I've always loved your big tits! I ... I try to peek at them whenever you wear a low-cut blouse." Feigning shyness, I added, "Can I ... can I kiss them?"
She lifted them up, and said, "I think I'd like that very much, sweetheart! I haven't been with a man since Missy's father passed away."
I leaned down and gave each big nipple a tender kiss. "Suck on them, sweetheart!" she told me. "Suck on my fat nipples!"
I sucked hard while poking the stiff nubs with my tongue, and she let out a moan. I brought my hands up to hold and squeeze the fleshy globes, and she lowered her hand to find my stiff dick.
"Oh, my!" she said, stoking its length and twisting her hand over its knob. "Now I know why I hear all that squealing coming from Missy's room when you visit!"
I lifted my mouth from her nipple, and mumbled, "Um, sorry, Mrs. J. I thought we were being quiet."
"Don't apologize, sweetheart," she said as she rubbed my cock-head against her pussy lips. "I looked forward to listening to you—and imagining you—fucking Missy when you came over. I'd put my ear to her wall, and finger-fuck my pussy while I listened! Sometimes I'd use my dildo and pretend you were fuckingme!"
She lifted my head and covered my mouth with a hot, aggressive kiss, and when she broke it, she dropped to her knees in front of me.
She stroked my cock with both hands, looking closely at it as she pumped a drop of pre-cum from its pee hole. She licked the drop off and gave my fat knob a passionate kiss. She smiled up at me, and said, "Missy is a very lucky girl!"
"Well, I think I'm a very lucky guy!" I replied.
"Who's about to get luckier!" she said. She opened her mouth, leaned forward, and took half of my cock into her mouth and partway down her throat. She pulled back, sucked on my cock-head while she poked her tongue in its pee hole, and then she leaned forward, again.
I felt my dick slide all the way down her tight throat this time, and while she nuzzled her lips against my pubes, I moaned, "Oh, God, Mrs. J! Missy has never donethatto me!"
She slowly withdrew her mouth and throat from my dick, and then looked up at me, and said, "It's been a long time since I've done that to a big fat cock! I'm glad I still can."
"Oh, me too, Mrs. J!" I replied. I rocked my hips, poking my wet dick-head against her lips, and said, "Will you do that again? That was fucking awesome!"
"No, sweetheart," she answered. "Butyoucan do it tome. Fuck my mouth, darling! Hold onto my head and fuck my face! Shove that fat dick in my mouth and right down my throat! God, it's been so long since I've swallowed a hard cock!"
I wound my fingers into her hair, and as I held her head still I began rocking my hips. I gave her sucking mouth short strokes at first, enjoying her tongue against my big spongy cock-head. Then I pushed hard, and drove the fat knob and my whole cock down her throat, until her encircling lips were pressed firmly into my crotch.
I repeated the short-short-long mouth-fuck sequence several times, and already I could feel the early tingle of an orgasm stirring in my balls. And it was not just from the awesome throat-fuck, but from the total nastiness of giving it to my girlfriend's hot naked mother.
I could easily have kept going, and blown my load into her sucking mouth, but Mrs. J had other ideas.
She pulled her mouth off of my cock, stood up, and gave me a hard, passionate kiss. When it broke, she looked me in the eyes, and said, "I want that fat cock up my cunt, young man! Are you ready to fuck Missy's mommy? You want to shove that dick up my pussy like you shoved it down my throat?"
A few moments later she was on a bed on her back with her legs spread, and she pulled my face hard against her wet pussy. "Suck it, sweetheart!" she commanded. "Lick my mommy-pussy and get it ready for your fat cock! I want you to fuck me the way you fuck my daughter's little cunt!"
I licked up and down through her juicy slit, and poked my tongue as deep into her cunt-hole as I could. Finally, I straightened up, took my dick in my hand, and lined it up on Mrs. J's pussy.
I teasingly wiggled the knob around in the soft wet flesh, but she put a hand around the back of my neck and lifted herself up. I thought she was going to cover my mouth with hers, but instead, with the other hand, she gave my ass a hard, stinging slap. I jumped, and at the same time, poked the fat head of my cock into her cunt-hole.
"Fuck me!" she demanded, and brought her hand down on the same tender spot, again.
That weird pain/pleasure thing sent a bolt of electricity down my cock, and I leaned forward, driving it deep up my girlfriend's mother's cunt in one hard push.
She moaned, and as she laid back she growled, "Oh, yeah! That's it! Fuck me hard! Fuck my mommy-cunt like I've listened to you fucking Missy's cunt!"
I began hard, pounding drives deep into her pussy, beating my pelvis against hers with each stroke, and bouncing us on the bed. She continued to slap my ass, alternating cheeks, but the searing pain only caused me to fuck her harder.
Finally, she grabbed both of my cheeks and squeezed them hard, inducing yet a different pain through the welts she had created, and she pulled me hard against her, burying my cock all the way up her cunt.
I thought she was getting ready to come, but she said to me, "Did you ever fuck my daughter up the ass?"
"Not really," I answered through a groan caused by the combination of pleasure from my buried cock and the pain from my stinging ass. "I tried, but she didn't like it."
"Well, Missy has a lot to learn, then," Mrs. J replied. "You want to fuck her mommy's ass? You want to shove your big boyfriend-cock up my tight little asshole?"
"Oh, God, Mrs. J, you are awesome!" I answered. "I've always thought your ass was so sexy!"
A few moments later, she was on her knees with her lovely ass pointed up at me and her big tits dangling down. I leaned over and took a long lap up through her sopping pussy lips, and ended by shoving my tongue as far up her tight little pucker as I could.
I tongue-fucked her asshole for a little while, eliciting pleasant moans from her, and then as I straightened up, I brought my hand down on one of her generous ass cheeks with a stinging smack of my own.
She jumped and gave a small yelp, but with her face in the pillow, she mumbled, "The other one, too! Make my ass burn! Make my little asshole hungry for your fat cock!"
I brought my hand down several times on each cheek, producing big red handprints on each one.
Finally, she growled into the pillow, "Do it now! Shove your fat cock up my ass! Fuck my tight little asshole like you want to fuck Missy's!"
I leaned down, gave each of the red welts a kiss, and then tongued her asshole again before leaving it with a good pool of saliva.
I guided my dick to the little brown sphincter, and leaned in. I watched closely as the tiny circle expanded until all the puckered wrinkles were gone and it was stretched taut, hugging my cock-head. One more little shove and the fat knob disappeared and was tightly gripped by the constricting muscle.
Savoring that wonderful "pop" of initial entrance, I pulled my dick-head back out, and fucked it back in, several times. Apparently, Mrs. J liked the feeling, too, because she kept repeating muted little "Mmm's" into the pillow with each just-the-tip stretch and penetration.
Finally, though, she said, "All right, sweetheart, do it! Shove your fat cock up my ass! Fuck my mommy-asshole 'til you dump your load of hot boyfriend-cum into my guts!"
I leaned forward, and in one long, awesome-feeling push, I shoved my hard dick balls-deep up Mrs. J's ass.
She groaned into the pillow the whole way, and when I finally bottomed out, she said, "God, it's been so long since I've had my ass filled with cock!" She then commanded me, "Now fuck it! Fuck your fat cock all the way out and all the way up my hungry little asshole!"
With my hands on her ass cheeks, kneading and pinching the tenderness of the hand-shaped welts left by my slaps, I pulled my cock all the way out of her gripping asshole. I left my cock-head nuzzled against the now-closed sphincter, though, so I could reenter hands-free.
I leaned forward and rocked my hips, giving the tiny little pucker a sudden jab that stretched it wide to accept my spongy knob and the thickness of my hard dick.
Mrs. J let out a little yelp at the abrupt and forceful penetration up her ass, but then she growled into the pillow, "Oh, fuck, yeah! Stretch my mommy-asshole with your fat cock! Fuck me up the ass!"
As she spoke, she reached between her legs and began playing with her pussy. While I continued my hard, jabbing, reaming of her asshole, she got her fingers up inside her cunt and her thumb on her clit. "Oh, fuck, yeah!" she repeated. "You're gonna make me fucking cum!"
"Do it, Mrs. J!" I said. "Jerk off your hot mommy-pussy while I fuck your beautiful ass! Make your cunt cum!"
A few moments later, I could feel Mrs. J's body tense up, and then I heard the sloppy squishy sounds of her hand still pounding away at her gushing pussy.
"Oh, fuck, Mrs. J!" I groaned, "I'm getting ready to cum, too!"
"I want you to fuck my tits!" she replied. "I want that fat cock sliding between my big mommy-tits until you blow your load right in my face!"
I pulled my dick free of her ass, and she quickly rolled over. I moved up and straddled her belly, furiously stroking my cock. As I felt my orgasm getting closer, I pressed my cock between the big fleshy globes that she was mashing together.
I rocked my hips, rapidly fucking my cock back and forth between her big tits.
She had her hands formed to keep my dick sliding between her tits while at the same time she rubbed her fingers over her nipples. She also positioned her thumb so that I was rubbing the underside of my cock-head over it with each thrust.
When I felt the first shot of jism coming up through my cock, I groaned and I stopped fucking on my forward stroke, and she obviously realized what that meant.
She used her thumb to angle my dick upward slightly, and she opened her mouth.
"Oh, fuck, Mrs. J!" I said again as the thick jet of cum burst from my pee hole and shot straight into her mouth. "I have fucking dreamt about sticking my cock between your tits! Oh, my fucking God!"
"Jerk it off!" she commanded me. "Jerk off your fat cock and squirt all that hot boyfriend-cum into my mouth! Jerk off like do when you pretend you're giving me a hot titty-fuck!"
I lifted my cock from between her glorious soft tits, and began pounding it, sending several more squirts of cum into her mouth before she pulled me closer to suck on my fat knob and clean it off.
When she let go of my cock-head, she pulled me down, and gave me a hot open-mouth kiss, squishing my cum into my mouth and back into hers, again.
When she was done cum-swapping and we had both swallowed, she said, "So, does Missy share your hot fresh cum with you?"
"She hasn't let me cum in her mouth, yet," I answered.
"Oh, my girl hassucha lot to learn!" she said.
The only thing that would have made my acted-out fantasy any better would have been if "Missy" (aka Lana or maybe Kim) had "caught" us and then joined in! (Like I said about the perverted illogic of sexual fantasies!) But alas, Lana was occupied elsewhere with Holly, her waiter friend, and a mature gentleman with a porn-star dick. Kim was on her knees in front of the guy with the BBC that Sandy had been entertaining earlier.
My last orgasm—which was generated through various combinations with Joe, Sandy, Holly, and Lana—was long in coming and pretty weak, and left me with aching balls.
***
Our quartet was among the last to get clean in the big walk-in shower attached to Kanoa's office, and we were looking for our hosts to say our good-byes and thank-yous when Ian and Sylvia, Bobby's parents and Kim's in-laws, took Holly and me aside.
"I'm sorry that we missed getting together with you, tonight," I said to them. I shrugged, and added, "So many bodies; so little time."
"True, true," Ian said. "But, to tell the truth, we were actually avoiding you."
That took both of us aback, and Holly said, "Why?"
"Kim was telling us about how much fun and how open-minded you both were," Ian answered, "and Sylvia and I were wondering if the playfulness and openness extended into acting out fantasies ... in a more private setting."
Holly and I looked at each other, and with a big smile, she said, "What did you have in mind?"
Continued in part-10
Please take a moment to vote and leave a comment or suggestion!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey