"How dare he speak to me like that," Catherine said angrily to herself. She turned onto the freeway and accelerated down the on-ramp toward the city and thought back over events of the preceding week.
Catherine and her husband John had been at logger-heads for the better part of a week. It had all started out fairly suddenly one night at dinner when John had picked on her for an apparent lack of enthusiasm to try and cook something a little different for a change. He had said he was a little tired of coming home to spaghetti or the pseudo-Thai rice dishes that she often served up and he would, just sometimes, like an occasional roast or steak, something with a bit of decent meat in it. Well, Catherine had hit the roof, and so had most of John's dinner. How dare he have a go at her for her efforts, if he could do better, she had told him, he could cook it himself if he liked; not his bloody job, he had snarled at her. And it just got worse from then on, with neither of them backing down, the petty bickering continuing for the rest of the evening.
Unbelievably, it had been their first real fight in the twelve years they had been married but it had continued to simmer and boil for the rest of the week. John had no doubt made it worse by not coming straight home from work for a couple of nights for hours, not even bothering to ring Catherine to tell her he would be late -- like he would normally.
Totally pissed, Catherine had rung an old girlfriend of hers that she hadn't seen in awhile and suggested that they catch-up for a few drinks. Catherine wanted to talk to someone; she wanted to air her grievances with a confidante and have a bitch about men in general.
John had come home from work late on Friday just as Catherine was putting on the finishing touches to her make-up and he had started on her again.
"So where do you think you're going?" he had growled at her, when he had caught her in front of their dressing-table mirror.
"Never you mind!" Catherine had retorted as she straightened up and walked toward the door.
"Catherine, you're not going anywhere dressed like that! You look like a slut! Or is that what you want to look like?"
Catherine was wearing a dress she had worn a couple of times before when they had gone out together and was shocked at John's description of her.
"You have never minded before, John, when it's been the two of us!" she said smugly as she picked up the car keys and began to head for the door.
"That was different! What are you trying to do, go out and get yourself a root or something?" John suggested crudely.
"Ha ha, I'm going out to see Pam, if you must know! Don't wait up!" she hissed back at him as she slammed the front door.
John had stood there totally stunned as he heard their only car start and back swiftly out the drive. Funny thing was, John had loved it when Catherine wore the black dress she now had on; it was short, but not too short; it was low-cut and complementary of her modest breasts, it was also partially see-thru in the right light. John had often noticed other men ogling her when they had been out together and she had worn it -- but to go out on her own in it!
Really, he had thought she had looked nice, very nice. It hadn't escaped his attention that she was also wearing a pair of stockings and high-heels and her tussled-blond hair looked as radiant as ever. She certainly had him worried.
Catherine continued to drive the little yellow Corolla at a steady one hundred kilometres an hour in the post peak-hour traffic and she guessed it would take around half an hour or so to reach the other side of the city where she was to meet Pam.
Pam was still single, too much of a workaholic to have time to settle down into the humdrum of married life. When Catherine had rung her, she had been pleased to hear from her, she had said, and Pam had quickly suggested they meet at a bar that she sometimes visited on her way home from the office. Nothing flash, just a small watering-hole that attracted various riff-raff and vagabonds, but the drinks were cheap and the food was pretty good, and parking was not a problem.
Catherine had memorised the directions fairly well and only had to stop and check the street-directory once as she neared the semi-industrialised part of the city. She very rarely ventured over 'that side of town' as she hadn't much of a need too. On the other hand, Pam had moved nearby to be a bit closer to the office of her demanding career as a marketing consultant for a multi-national beverage company.
There it was, on the corner, The Railway Inn. Catherine slowed down to check it out. "Looks a bit sleazy, Pam," she said softly to herself as she pulled over next to the kerb behind a large van that was parked opposite the pub.
Catherine turned off the ignition and sat for a moment to see if she could catch a glimpse of her friend. "Motorbikes! Oh Pam, I don't know?" she murmured when she noticed about six Harleys lined up, back-wheel to the gutter, polished chrome glistening beneath the dull street lamps.
Feeling nervous, Catherine thought about ringing her friend on her mobile to suggest they go somewhere else, but then she thought about her husband, she knew he didn't like bikers, he thought they were a bunch of wankers riding around posing and trying to act tough.
Thinking of John made her angry again, how dare he say she looked like a slut, she thought, never had she been remotely unfaithful to him after all these years. Well, that would be true; all except for one close shave once not so long back. Catherine smiled to herself as she reflected upon the memory;
Having often flirted with her husband's friends over the years, she had knowingly teased some whom had come over to swim in their pool one afternoon late last summer. Wearing just a skimpy little white bikini around John and his three friends most of the afternoon, Catherine had served them all drinks and nibbles, while they either relaxed on sun lounges or swam in the pool. It was pretty obvious to Catherine the men were ogling her whenever she was close enough, but she pretended not to notice. Funnily, her husband John, didn't seem to mind when other men checked her out, he had often said it got him excited to know his friends thought she looked hot.
Of course, Catherine hadn't ever told John what had happened to her later that same afternoon when she had been left alone with two of them, Mike and Robbo. John had decided on an impromptu barbeque, and with his other friend in tow, they had left the house to drive down to the supermarket and purchase some sausages and a couple or loaves of bread.
Catherine had known Mike for a few years, he was a work associate of John's, around their own age, and recently divorced. Robbo was new to the scene, someone Mike had only recently met since taking up learning how to skydive. Catherine thought he was quite young, maybe only in his mid twenties, with a mop of unruly hair and a devilish grin.
In the past, Mike had always been pretty quiet, but that afternoon Catherine had seen another side to him that she had found amusing for some reason, and she had tormented him most unfairly whenever she thought she could get away with it. And unwittingly giving her ammunition, John had told her that only a few months after Mike had separated from his wife, he had visited Thailand "for a holiday". This was something Catherine had stirred Mike about several times that arvo, as she pretty well knew why single men visited some of the Asian countries.
Both Mike and Robbo were somewhat drunk, and not long after being left alone with Catherine, they had made some quite inappropriate and suggestive remarks to her. Catherine had consumed a few white wines herself, and instead of being offended at their lewd comments, she had more or less encouraged them even further. While standing near the edge of the pool and with the two men cajoling her from the deep end of the pool some several metres away, Catherine had bent over to pick up her towel -- to be met with a chorus of whistles. Flattered by their show of appreciation, and still bending over, Catherine had smacked her backside a couple of times suggestively, while looking over her shoulder at them.
Well the two men must have thought that that was an open invitation to take their flirting to the next level!
Quickly, Mike jumped out of the pool and tried to corner her and Catherine flicked at him playfully with her towel in defence, then she dived into the pool to avoid him, in a shriek of laughter. She had then only narrowly escaped the clutches of Robbo as he dived toward her, the momentum of her own dive out pacing him easily. Catherine clambered up the steps to the spa at the far end, giggling like a schoolgirl, only to tease them cheekily once more by leaning over on the edge of the pool and wriggling her curvaceous backside at them again!
That did it -- and with John still out of sight down the street, the two men had quickly given chase again. Only this time, in a tactical error, Catherine had dived back into the pool past them both and retreated to the deeper end of their moderate-sized pool. Unable to climb out in time, Catherine backed up against the edge of the pool in the far corner -- unable to stand, and watched as they moved in on her like a pair of hunting dogs, all three of them laughing at the game of cat and mouse.
As they got closer, Catherine had held her hands up in defence, unsure of their intensions, telling them to go away. Then, when they were only mere centimetres away from her, and no longer laughing anymore, the men reached out toward her boldly. Catherine pushed at them frantically in an effort to escape, but they were not letting her get away this time. She could feel their hands running all over her body, prodding and squeezing, tickling her and exploring, making her laugh. Of course, all the while she was pleading with them to stop, telling them that John would be back at any second!
They didn't stop -- and her almost hysterical laughing must have only encouraged them further.
Catherine felt herself being carried toward the spa end of the pool where it was only around waist deep. Robbo was walking backwards behind her, holding her arms just above the elbows, and pulling them back, so she was unable to lash out -- and directly in front of her was Mike, with a firm grip on each of her ankles as she tried to kick and twist away from them.
Catherine found herself splashing about on the surface of the water and tried to push them away in earnest, although she still laughed and squealed like a silly teenager. It was after all just a bit of harmless fun, wasn't it, she'd thought?
But neither of the two men were laughing anymore, Catherine soon realised, and somehow Mike had managed to force himself between her thighs while holding her legs apart just above her ankles. She repeatedly scissored hers legs together in an attempt to prevent him from moving in even closer, with little success. Catherine was quite breathless from all the exertion and was fast running out of strength to continue the struggle. She looked down her heaving chest at Mike and noticed one of her breasts had become exposed. The cool water had puckered up her areole giving her nipple an unusually fat appearance all the more highlighted by the small triangle of pale flesh that barely surrounded it.
But that wasn't all -- Catherine saw the lust in Mike's eyes as he stared between her thighs -- her little white bikini, now semi-transparent, had wedged itself up between the cleft of her pudenda -- and her almost hairless outer labia was splayed out provocatively on either side!
Time stood still for a few moments -- with neither of the men moving.
Catherine called their bluff, "So what do you think you're going to do now?" she'd asked them mockingly.
"Let's strip her, Mike!" Robbo suggested huskily, "Get a real good look at her!"
Catherine could see Mike was excited; a large bulge was quite evident in his boardies. Without letting her legs go, he moved his grip up higher so he was clasping her around the thighs just above her knees. Catherine felt her bikini top being loosened from behind by Robbo with dexterous ease, and watched helplessly as her top was flung onto the paving near the back door to the house several metres away.
Both men commented lasciviously at her naked breasts, and her nipples had stiffened even further -- not just from the cool water either! Catherine was no longer laughing anymore, she was of course getting worried about her predicament, and justifiably so.
Mike moved in closer between her legs and Catherine felt her face flush when his crotch was up against hers.
"Mike!" Catherine exclaimed in alarm, "You dirty bastard, get out of it!"
Mike had begun to rub himself up against her, and with just the thin material of his shorts and her miniscule bikini separating their flesh, she could feel the warmth from the underside of his erection as he pressed in hard against her.
Robbo had managed to keep her arms held with only one of his own strong hands, and his other hand had snaked around to her breast and he squeezed and fondled her flesh firmly, occasionally pinching and pulling on her nipple.
"John! John's back...I just heard the car," Catherine said, very convincingly, "Quick, let me go before he gets out here!"
John had a reputation of being able to handle himself, and this no doubt was on Mike's mind with her warning. Looking quite worried, Mike glanced down at Catherine's almost naked body for scarcely a moment longer, then let go of her legs -- almost immediately followed by Robbo -- letting Catherine turn to swim away!
The two men swam back to the deeper end, well away from Catherine as she clambered up the steps past the spa.
When she was safely out of their reach, she had turned, and covering her bare breasts with her hands, she laughed at them mockingly, they had then quickly realised her ruse. Robbo and Mike looked at one another enquiringly and nodded in silent agreement, and then they pushed off from the edge of the pool and swam back after her yet again.
They were quick, but not quick enough; Catherine managed to successfully scramble up the side of the pool and stooping briefly to pick up her discarded top, she ran for the safety of the kitchen. She had laughed almost uncontrollably at the two men as they struggled to get out of the pool to chase her down, and standing by the kitchen door, she bent over, wriggling her cute arse at them yet again. Her little white bikini had ridden up the crack of her butt deliciously, just like a g-string, and Catherine rubbed one of her bare buttocks a couple of times sensuously, just for good measure!
Catherine knew they were hot on her heels and she frantically pushed the door closed behind her and tried to lock it, still laughing, now almost hysterically at her ability to incite two grown men to behave so juvenile. She had almost succeeded too, but one of them had the door handle turned so it wouldn't lock, and she gave up.
Dripping wet, Catherine turned to flee again, but the two men burst in through the doorway. Walking backwards around the large kitchen table, and covering her breasts again in an attempt of modesty, Catherine begged forgiveness. She felt she may have gone too far now, and was genuinely worried.
Both men grinned sardonically as they edged forward around either side of the table -- Robbo grabbed her by the wrists again, easily over-powered her, and forced her down onto the kitchen table. Lying on her back, Catherine lashed out with her feet, kicking at Robbo close to his groin several times before she felt Mike take her wrists from the other side of the table -- thus freeing Robbo to grab her around the legs before she connected seriously.
Catherine was then quite helpless and was unable to kick out in defence anymore -- although she remembered still squealing and laughing at them, promising not to tease them anymore.
But Mike held her thrashing wrists firmly, and pulled her over the top of the wooden table so she was facing down and Robbo moved in behind her to help hold her down. They had both called her a cock-teaser and a flirt derisively and said she was not going to get away this time.
Encouraged by Mike, Robbo wrenched her bikini bottoms down over her buttocks -- Catherine's nervous laughter all but stopped when she felt Robbo remove her bikini completely, pulling the thin, wet material from her feet, and toss them to one side carelessly.
Catherine lay there totally naked -- although her bikini top was still clasped firmly in her hand, "Come on fella's, you've had your fun now...let me up, please," she whimpered.
But they didn't of course.
She squealed with apprehension when she felt her arse being explored roughly and her cheeks pulled apart.
"Fucken' nice butt, Cath...very nice," Robbo said honestly.
She wasn't laughing so much anymore and had continued to beg them to stop before John got back home at any minute and caught them. She was well aware their game had become serious.
The two men chuckled lewdly, ignoring her pleas, as they took gratuitous liberty with her.
Catherine remembered shrieking when a finger touched her puffy vagina gingerly a couple of times, and she almost pleaded with them that 'enough was enough', to please stop -- but they persisted with the assault.
She screwed-up her face when she felt the finger prying her labia apart, and then plunge into her vagina without warning -- and she held her breath when it began to work in and out of her peevishly, releasing some of her juices.
She remembered telling them they had to stop, that John would kill them if he found out later what they had done to her. They laughed still, their lust had obviously overtaken any of their sense or reason and the assault continued.
Catherine had bitten her lower-lip when she felt Robbo force her legs apart even wider, and then quickly move in behind her!
"Mike, don't let Robbo do this, Mike!" Catherine begged, "I won't tell John...if you stop now...I won't tell John. I know I shouldn't have kept stirring you both...I'm sorry...Mike?"
But Mike was entranced, and watched almost silently as the younger man unfastened his board-shorts -- and moved in behind his friend's wife.
Catherine squeezed her eyes shut when she felt Robbo prod and poke at her and slap her buttocks with his hard cock several times -- and Mike egged him on, telling him to "fuck her!"
Catherine could not believe what she was hearing, Mike had been a friend for years, and usually quite polite, despite any previously bad behaviour on her part -- but since his divorce he had changed, and his young friend had helped bring out another side to his personality -- a darker side.
Catherine tried to twist and turn her pelvis to one side or the other in an attempt to dislodge Robbo - but it was all in vain, she was quite powerless to stop them now, and he rubbed his cock up and down her moist slit vigorously.
"Gawd...you can't be serious....that's enough....please!" she'd cried when she felt herself being slowly penetrated -- and even though she had done her best to clench her vaginal muscles tightly, she felt his large knob gradually slide in past her opening.
"You bastard...get it out..." Catherine murmured almost softly, as the pleasurable feeling of his penis filling her tingled through her loins.
Then Catherine did hear a car pull-up into the driveway, John was really back home this time! And Robbo and Mike had heard it too.
"Aw fuckin' hell, he's back!" Mike had said to his mate, Robbo, who with a startled look on his face, had momentarily ceased from pulling Catherine's hips back toward his groin.
Almost instantly, Catherine had felt Mike release her wrists -- but the one standing behind her didn't let her go immediately -- and still with a firm grip around either side of her hips he pulled her back onto his penis, burying his length almost to the hilt in one firm thrust! Catherine hissed at him to stop, the joke had certainly gone far enough!
And he withdrew his cock -- but for only a moment, then he forced himself back in again, even further this time. Catherine groaned at the slight discomfort she felt from his large penis stretching her open, a feeling totally new to her.
"Come on, man, let 'er go quick!" Mike whispered urgently.
"Fuck'sake...she's gotta nice little cunt, I tell ya," Robbo muttered crudely, pushing himself back in several more times, and getting deeper each time as Catherine's juice slickened-up his length, further reducing the resistance of her tight passageway.
Catherine was unaware of course, but as Mike moved past the table toward the back door, he could not help but look down briefly at his friend's shiny pole disappearing into her pussy -- her hairless outer-lips straining around the girth of Robbo's heavily-veined penis.
"Fuck sake, Robbo, you've got a dong on ya!" Mike exclaimed in awe.
And didn't Catherine know that, the pleasurable feeling she was trying to resist, was bordering on pain as Robbo continued to fuck her.
Catherine heard the car doors closing...any second now and John would be walking in the front door!
"Get it out of me...quick!" she hissed with increased urgency, "I can hear them walking toward the front door!"
But Robbo was momentarily lost in ecstasy and continued to fuck her for several more moments. Her silky passageway caressed every inch of his cock like a thousand tongues -- another couple of minutes and he knew he would have no doubt blown his load.
"Hurry!" Catherine pleaded desperately; she knew John would probably kill both of them if he walked in on them now.
"Aw, fuck it!" Robbo groaned, and just as quickly as it had happened, she felt him withdraw his penis, and then releasing his grip on her buttocks, he quickly moved away.
"Our little secret, Cath...alright?" Mike said to her shakily, as he handed her back her bikini bottoms he'd just picked up off the floor.
Still lying face down over the table, her thighs parted and her voluptuous bottom still pointing upward invitingly, she had nodded her head in agreement.
Catherine recovered some of her wits in a few precious seconds and straightened up from the table. She almost slipped on the wet floor while trying to replace her bikinis, just as Robbo, struggling to pull up his shorts, scurried after Mike who had shot out the back door only seconds earlier. Her heart beating rapidly against her chest, she fumbled with her bikini and heard the two men as they plunged boisterously back into the pool!
Luckily, John must have locked the house when he had left earlier, and Catherine was given several more moments to straighten up while she heard him juggling with his keys in the door lock. When her husband did finally enter the kitchen with an armful of groceries, he had found her on her hands and knees, wiping up pool water from the floor.
John had given her backside a playful smack and asked her what she was doing. With her heart still racing, Catherine had told him the phone had rung and she had run for it from the pool, not having time to grab a towel. She remembered he hadn't noticed the kitchen floor was wet on both sides of the table -- or did he seem to pick-up on a couple of the larger footprints that she had not yet cleaned up, which was of course much to her relief -- nor had he detected the blushed appearance of his very nervous wife -- or worse -- the musky smell of sex that she was almost certain would have been obvious if not for a vase of scented roses on the side-board.
Robbo's impressive cock had been the first one to enter her other than her husband's since just before she was married, and Catherine could only guess what may have happened if John had not returned when he did. Although it was pretty obvious Robbo had probably intended on going 'all the way' -- she wondered if their old friend, Mike, would have tried to have his turn with her too!
During the barbeque, Catherine had more or less kept well out of the way of John's friends as they continued to drink. She had also replaced her sarong that she had worn earlier in the day over her bikinis in an unusual attempt at modesty. Even so, as darkness descended, once or twice Robbo had run his hand over her backside when John was not looking -- whispering to her how hot he thought she was -- and how he wanted to finish what he had started with her, even having the cheek to invite her back in the pool for a swim -- of which she 'politely' declined!
She had felt more embarrassed over the incident than anything, oddly enough, not dwelling too much on the fact that she was almost raped!
The following day, John had left early for golf, hangover and all, and mid-morning Catherine was surprised by a knock on the front door only moments after she had stepped out of the shower. With just a small bath towel around her -- totally inappropriate for the upper-middle class suburb they lived in -- Catherine had opened the door and was startled to see both Mike and Robbo standing there, both looking very sheepish!
She was of course grateful the wire security door was locked.
But she had the visit all wrong -- they had not come around to pick-up where they had left off the night before -- no -- they had both come to apologise -- and quite profusely too. Mike had even brought around a beautiful bouquet of flowers, and Robbo had a large box of expensive-looking chocolates for her.
While standing there clutching the bath towel to her chest with one hand, Catherine listened to their bumbling pleadings for forgiveness for several minutes almost amusingly, before she had nodded her acquiescence, asking them to leave their gifts beside the front door next to the mat -- as she was still a bit unsure of them both and did not think it wise to unlock the door to accept the gifts personally.
But then she had the last laugh -- standing there watching as they turned to walk back down the pathway, Catherine waited till they were some ten metres away, then with her free hand, she unlocked the wire door and stepped out onto the porch.
"Thanks for the gifts, boys," she called out to them.
As they turned around toward her -- Catherine spun to face the gifts on the step, and spreading her legs well apart so she could hold the spring-loaded wire door open -- she quite deliberately bent over to pick up both the lovely flowers and the box of chocolates. Catherine was well aware that the back of her towel had ridden up her buttocks -- and she lingered there just a little longer, pretending to admire the flowers. Of course, without a hand holding her towel anymore, it swung open at the front, and as she stood back up, Catherine feigned surprise when it fell to the ground at her feet!
Catherine looked back over her shoulder at the two dumbfounded men standing motionless on the path staring back at her, with both their mouths agape.
"Oops-a-daisy!" Catherine said in mock-horror.
"I'll...I'll get the door for ya, Cath!" Robbo called excitedly, as he started back up the path, getting the hint.
Even though it was way too déjà-vu-ish for Catherine, she stood there with her back to the fast approaching men for several seconds, completely naked. Her hands full, she flicked the towel inside with her toe, and then stepped back inside, letting the wire door close behind her. Then without haste, she placed her gifts on the small side table in the entranceway -- just as Robbo walked back up the steps.
"Um...are you sure you're alright?" Robbo enquired, as he stared at her through the mesh.
"Oh, I think I'll be right, thankyou," Catherine said matter-of-factly, as she bent to pick up the towel.
When they were barely a metre away, Catherine, raising her eyebrows and smiling, said, "Bye boys," -- then shut the main front door firmly and locked it -- laughing wickedly at her own mirth!
She was still a tease!
Still standing in the entranceway, she peered through the peephole in the door and watched the two men leave, her fingers diddling her moistened clitoris vigorously. Her pussy tingled with the excitement of such blatant exhibitionism -- something that was so much more than she had ever done before and she was almost breathless with the experience! When Catherine could no longer see them, she went straight into her bedroom and threw herself down on the rumpled sheets of the unmade bed. Spreading her legs wide, her hands made a bee-line for her quivering, hungry pussy -- and she masturbated furiously -- her first orgasm upon her in a matter of moments.
Catherine never saw Robbo again after that -- left the state according to John. But Mike still came around occasionally -- and a knowing glance between the two of them is sometimes exchanged -- but nothing said.
Suddenly a loud bike pulled up next to the other Harleys and instantly brought Catherine back to reality. A smile had crossed her face at the wicked memory of that event last summer -- one of which she often found herself fantasising about when she was alone too.
She could not see her friend Pam's car anywhere and looking down at the clock on the dash of the car, Catherine realised she had arrived some fifteen minutes or so earlier than what she had expected. Not really wanting to go in on her own with a bunch of bikers inside, she thought she would ring Pam to see how far away she was.
"Blast!" she exclaimed to herself when she picked up her mobile and noticed the battery was flat.
She could not even go to a public phone to ring her friend, because like so many people these days, Pam's phone number was only saved in her phone, and not committed to memory or anywhere else for that matter.
Catherine let out a sigh, she had waited long enough and she looked back over at the pub, she could just make out a jukebox playing an old Bob Sieger tune -- it seemed to fit the locale, she thought.
"Here goes," she said, as she opened the car door and swung her legs out to stand on the dark road.
Briskly walking over to the other side of the road, Catherine brushed down her dress to try and increase the length a bit more. She felt quite inappropriately dressed for the bar she was about to enter -- jeans and a jacket would have been far more suitable, she thought to herself.
As she looked through the door she noticed several of the patrons watching her. Then taking a deep breath, she pushed open one half of the glass-paned double-doors and stepped inside. The din of voices seemed to halve for a moment as some of the occupants turned to check-out the newcomer. Catherine stood at the threshold for a moment longer as her eyes adjusted to the soft light of the hazy room.
It was your fairly typical watering-hole; a number of stools lined up along the long, straight, wooden bar, various liquor bottles sitting along glass shelves reflecting in the mirrored wall behind them. Looking around, she noticed a few men playing pool on two three-quarter sized tables in the centre of the room, and over against the other wall was the usual assortment of tall, round tables and high-chairs made of chromed tubing and black plastic. Catherine guessed there were only around a dozen or so people there, most of them men, and most of them looked like bikers. Of course, she could not see her friend Pam anywhere.
"What'll it be, miss?" the craggy middle-aged bartender asked her as she walked up to the bar.
"A Baileys please," Catherine said a little nervously.
"Sure," the bartender replied. Trevor had worked at the Railway Inn for nearly five years, he had seen all sorts walk into his bar and the dolled-up blond who sat on the stool in front of him as he prepared her drink, was almost as unremarkable as many others he had seen enter the establishment at different times -- or so he thought at first.
He eyed her inquisitively for a moment trying to guess her story. At first glance, with the way she was dressed, Trevor had thought she was probably a hooker. But then he thought she lacked the confidence of a lady of the night, or the hard look they mostly had. The other give away, he notice shrewdly, were the bands of gold and the cluster of small diamonds on her wedding finger -- he figured her for someone just passing who may have been waiting for her husband to arrive.
"Haven't seen you around 'ere before," he commented, handing the glass to Catherine.
"Hmm," Catherine took a sip of her drink, "first time...meeting a friend here."
"I see -- a fellow?" Trevor enquired, as he handed her change to her. Normally he would not ask such a personal question, but never-the-less she seemed unperturbed by his probing.
"No!" Catherine said, holding up her left hand and fluttering her wedding rings.
Trevor smiled, "Sorry."
"A girlfriend of mine, you may know her, Pam? She says she comes in here a bit sometimes."
Catherine went on to describe Pam to the barman and she thought he seemed to know her friend. Before she had a chance to ask him if he had seen her that evening he excused himself politely and moved down the bar to serve one of the bikers.
Catherine looked over at the biker as he stood leaning against the bar. He had longish, dark-brown hair and a neat beard that was starting to grey; his arms were bare and were almost covered with un-recognisable tattoos. He looked to be over six feet tall and slim-waisted. Not her type at all, she thought as she raised her glass and took another long sip.
Catherine watched Trevor place four schooners of beer in front of the biker, murmuring something to him discreetly. The biker nodded then turned his head to look directly at her -- catching her eye instantly and smiling at her.
Almost blushing with embarrassment at being caught checking him out, Catherine smiled back demurely and nodded. She thought he had a nice smile and a surprisingly friendly face -- his blue eyes looked clear and honest with small crows-feet at each corner. She decided he was not all that bad looking -- in an uncouth sort of way.
The biker smiled at her a little longer, and winked! Then he clasped his big hands around the four glasses and casually walked over to his friends by one of the pool tables and handed them out. Catherine looked away quickly when he glanced in her direction again.
No sooner had she finished her Baileys than Trevor had another one lined up for her.
"That's from Jed, with complements," Trevor volunteered.
Catherine raised her eyebrows in surprise, "Who?"
"That fellow I just served, he said you had a nice smile," Trevor answered with a sly grin.
"Does he?" Catherine picked up the glass, and turning slightly, she looked back over toward where Jed stood. Almost on cue, the biker met her gaze and smiled, raising his glass in salute, and then took a large gulp. Catherine also raised her glass in salute, mouthed 'thankyou', and drunk some of the creamy liquid.
Several minutes later, while polishing glasses, Trevor watched Jed saunter over toward the blond and strike up a conversation with her. Without being asked, he replenished both their drinks and smiled inwardly, he had seen Jed in action many times -- he knew the rings would not stop him, more of a challenge if anything, he was good!
Nearly an hour later -- the bar had filled up even more, but still no sign of the blond woman's friend, Trevor noticed. Between serving customers, he had watched her occasionally as she attempted to play pool with Jed, her short, black-dress riding up her shapely thighs each time she bent for a shot, generously exposing the tops of her stockings with just the hint of a smooth round buttock coming into view too. She seemed to be enjoying the attention Jed and his group of friends where giving her too.
Trevor had watched Jed give the blond some coaching during a few difficult shots -- that no doubt had been intentionally set up by the biker -- while standing very close behind her as she lent over. Trevor thought she looked quite relaxed -- and she ought to be too after six Baileys or so, he mused.
* * *
John was now beside himself. Forty minutes before he had received a call from Catherine's friend Pam telling him she had broken down on the way to meet her for drinks. Pam told him she had tried to call Catherine but said her call had gone straight to message-bank and guessed her phone was either flat or turned off. Pam had given John the name of the bar they were to meet at and suggested he call them to cancel their evening as she was not too sure how long she was going to have to wait for vehicle assistance.
Of course, John had acted nonchalant and thought he would wait for a few minutes before he tried to contact his wife.
There were a couple of "Railway Inns" listed and after a few unsuccessful attempts; John eventually got to speak to someone who had seen his wife.
"Yep, I know the lady you're talking about, pretty blond, short black dress, friendly like," the barman had told John over the phone.
"Can you put her on, please?" John asked him.
"Love too...but you've just missed her, if only you'd rung a couple of minutes ago," the barman said.
"She's gone?" John felt relieved.
"Think so, just left with one of our regulars."
"What!" John exclaimed, "Who?"
"Don't worry, he's a nice enough bloke, fellow named Jed....maybe they've just gone outside for a smoke," the barman said reassuringly.
"My wife doesn't smoke!" John growled down the phone, "Look, if she comes back in could you pass on a message?" John asked, and then went on to explain the situation to the barman about Catherine's friend, Pam.
"Look, I can't guarantee anything, mister. Hey, does your wife like bikes?" the barman asked him.
"No...why?" John asked, his annoyance rising rapidly.
"See, I think I just heard Jed's bike start up...yep, it's Jed's bike alright, fucking noisy thing it is, shakes the bloody windows....looks like your wife might be going for a ride!"
"What? Can you please run out there and stop them?" John demanded angrily.
There was a pause for a minute or so before John heard the barman's voice again.
"Sorry...too late, yep, looks like Jed's taking your wife for a ride. Look, I can pass on your message for ya when they get back...but if I know Jed; they may not be back for a couple of hours or so," the barman said almost contemptuously, "bit of a lady's man, our Jed."
John slammed the phone down in seething anger.
"Fucking lady's man, hey!" he spat.
John quickly picked up the phone again and rung for a taxi. The cab company said they were very busy and there may be a lengthy wait. Frustrated beyond belief, John paced impatiently and waited, fidgeting with the spare keys to the Corolla that he thought he might need when he finally arrived at the Railway Inn.
"Why would she want to go for a ride on a bike with some creep?" John asked himself.
* * *
Catherine had never been on a Harley before; Jed had told her it was a classic, a Panhead or something weird like that. He had grabbed a spare helmet off one of the other bikes out in front of the bar for her and had helped her do it up before blasting off down the dark street.
She was not too sure how the biker had managed to cajole her into going for a ride, but he had, and Catherine thought of her husband and wondered what he would think if he ever found out that she had accepted a ride on one of those "Harleys" with a stranger.
Thinking of John made her angry again, "Prick!" Catherine grumbled to herself as she thought about what he had said to her before she had left home that evening.
They cruised around a few blocks for several minutes before coming to a set of traffic lights that were red. A car full of hoons pulled up next to them and wolf-whistled. Catherine smiled back at them, and blew them a kiss, she knew her dress had ridden up her thighs -- no doubt well past the tops of her black stockings and when Jed gunned the bike away as the lights turned green, Catherine could feel the cool night air caress her bare buttocks as her dress blew up even higher. The thought of the young men in the car behind them brought out the exhibitionist in her, and she made no attempt to keep the hem of her dress from lifting up past her bare buttocks. She hoped they had a good look!
Catherine was also well aware of the wonderful vibration emanating from the slim seat of the bike caressing the more tender parts of her body! With her thighs spread either side of the biker's back and her feet high up on the pillion pegs, every time he accelerated or braked she could feel the thin material of her g-string work its way into the folds of her moistening pussy!
"Do they all vibrate like this?" Catherine yelled into the side of Jed's helmet.
"Only the good ones."
Catherine laughed, "Where are you taking me?"
"Not far," Jed said laconically, casually resting his left hand on Catherine's knee.
* * *
Trevor watched as the short, clean-cut man approached the bar a little apprehensively. He looked like an office-Johnny and Trevor had picked him for the blond woman's husband almost the instant he had walked in the door and stood surveying the small crowd, obviously looking for someone.
"Name your poison, sir?" Trevor asked the newcomer politely.
"I...I'm not after a drink. I rang earlier...my wife, Catherine? Was it you I was speaking to?" John stammered as he glanced around the rough-looking clientele.
"Oh yeah, I remember, the blond woman, black-dress, short...the dress that is. She hasn't come back in yet. Maybe she has gone home or something?" Trevor suggested, enquiringly.
"Her car is still out the front. You said something about someone taking her for a ride?"
"That's right; saw her leave here with one of the bikers. They'd been playing pool together."
John's blood nearly boiled at the mention of a biker, all a bunch of fucking cock-heads, he thought!
"You called him by name on the phone...like you know him. Where...where would he take her?" John asked, "Any idea?"
"Not too sure...maybe just a ride, does she like Harleys?"
"A Harley!" John said contemptuously, "Not that I have ever known of in the twelve years we've been married. Have you any idea where they might be?"
"Hmm...does she do this sort of thing often?"
"What do you mean?"
"Well, I don't want to alarm you, but if she isn't really into bikes, is it likely she would go back to a stranger's house?" Trevor asked, in an almost goading manner.
John felt like smashing the barman's face, "No, of course not!"
Trevor pulled a draught into a chilled schooner, "Here, on the house. I'm sure she'll show up soon enough," he smiled, a little patronisingly.
John reluctantly took the beer and looked around the bar; there were a couple of "bikers" over by a pool table. He walked over to ask them if they knew anything.
Trevor picked up the bar's phone and keyed-in a number.
"Gonzo, Trevor. Listen, is Jed there? He is? Got a blond woman with him? Ah, ah. Is she? Sounds fucking wild. Yep, put him on for a second. Jed, your girlfriend's husband is looking for her, yep down here at the bar. I reckon someone will tell him where your Clubhouse is pretty soon, just thought I'd warn you. Are you kiddin'? Love to, haven't had a fuck in months since the ol'lady left me...the bitch! Half an hour? Sure."
Trevor watched the newcomer nodding his head as the fat biker, Pugsly, spoke to him. Definitely not the sharpest tool in the box, that Pugsly, Trevor thought.
* * *
Jed hung up the phone and looked over toward Catherine, not a bad looker, he thought, sort of innocent-looking. He smiled, and walked back over to the booth where she sat still looking a little bewildered at what had just happened. It had been easier than he had thought it would be. They had only been at the Clubhouse for around fifteen minutes, maybe even less. Gave her a shot of tequila, that got her squirming; she had let him put an arm around her and had laughed like a silly girl at his jokes. She had said nothing when he had placed a hand on her thigh and caressed her gently, working the hem of her dress up to her hips until her small, lacy g-string came into view.
It had almost been too easy!
"Not here," she had said softly, when he had pulled her g-string to one side to expose his neatly trimmed prize.
Jed had chuckled, he had been well aware that Gonzo and the others present would have been watching his progress with the well-dressed blond -- and the knowledge had excited him.
She had closed her eyes when he manoeuvred her legs apart while almost lying back in the booth. Jed had licked one of his long fingers and worked her pretty little pussy open. He had felt the warmth of her lubrication oozing out of her narrow slit when he gently pushed his finger inside of her.
She had moaned, "Not here."
Jed had knelt on the floor, between her legs, all the while fingering her tight little hole. Her eyes still shut, her head lolled back against the soft seat.
With one hand, Jed had unbuckled the belt to his jeans then easily unbuttoned them, releasing his hard cock.
"What are you doing?" she had murmured demurely.
Jed had pulled her hips toward the edge of the seat, the height was perfect!
"Jed, what are...you...Jed...no," Catherine had said softly when he gripped her stockinged-ankles and raised her legs, spreading them wider still.
But she barely uttered a word when he told her to guide him in.
Jed had smiled when Catherine's small left hand moved slowly toward his groin, her fingers touched his flesh just above his pubic hair and to one side, and then she found his cock and clasped her slender fingers part way around its girth.
"Aim it for me," he had told her.
And she did.
Catherine rubbed his cockhead up and down her moistened slit, and then held it firm at her entrance.
Jed had flexed his hips forward, smiling as his big, round purple-knob began to disappear into her heavenly cleft. He had looked up at her pretty face framed by her pretty blond hair and noticed her eyes open. He pushed in further, and her eyes opened wider.
"I...I shouldn't be doing this...I'm married, you know, Jed, I'm married."
Jed sunk his cock in all the way, and stopped, "You want me to stop?" he had asked her.
Catherine had said nothing, she continued to look him in the eye, and then rolled her hips back and forth slowly.
"I didn't think so," Jed chuckled confidently, and then he began to fuck her.
That had been nearly half and hour ago. Now Catherine sat back in the booth, still quite shocked at what she had just let happen. Not only had she let a total stranger have sex with her, and unprotected sex at that, but she had let him fuck her in front of several other men in a darkened room -- well not quite that dark, a red light above the booth, as well as dimmed down-lights over the small bar, would have afforded them a clear enough view!
But the knowledge of being observed had struck a chord deep within her, it had titillated her beyond her wildest imagination -- it was the ultimate in exhibitionism, well beyond teasing and flirting and exposing her bare buttocks to guests around the pool or letting her dress ride up for young men to ogle her nakedness beneath. Oh yes, this had certainly struck a chord, and it was something she had only ever dreamed of before.
"Where's my dress?" Catherine asked Jed, avoiding his eyes.
Jed looked down at her; she did look nice, even better with the black dress off. Gonzo had helped him remove it when he was fucking her; she had seemed oblivious to it at the time. Gonzo had also unfastened her lacy push-up bra and slipped it off her arms, only to toss it to one of the other bikers watching -- soon to be added to their collection. She had closed her eyes again when Gonzo squeezed and pinched her nipples till they were fully erect, Jed recalled.
"It'll be here somewhere, babe," Jed told her.
"My other things?"
Jed smirked, he sat next to her again and pulled her toward him, "Don't worry, you'll get them back."
Catherine was naked apart from her black stockings and one of her shoes, she had only been vaguely aware of her g-string being removed sometime after Jed had helped her kneel on the low table in front of the semi-circular booth. She didn't know that the delicate, lacy undergarment that matched her bra had merely been torn off her -- again, by Gonzo.
Catherine looked down at her stockings, there was a large ladder in the right knee, and no doubt the result of the energetic fucking Jed had given her from behind while she knelt on the wooden coffee table. She had said nothing, she just enjoyed it and with her head resting on her arms that were folded beneath her, had pushed herself back upon his thrusting penis with a wanton lust, her morals totally abandoned.
Catherine tried not to think too much about what else had happened -- no one ever need know, did they? But of course, she was certain Jed was not the only one. It had happened to her before she had even realised it. One moment she had heard Jed grunting louder and louder, his deep thrusts getting faster and faster. And then Catherine had literally felt his hot seed shoot against her cervix, just as she had orgasmed herself, her passion had completely overtaken her -- she was almost delirious when Jed had hastily removed his spent slug from her still pulsating vagina -- only then to be replaced by another hard cock!
Catherine did not know who it was, but he was quick, much too quick, coming inside her just moments before she was able to achieve a second orgasm! She had collapsed onto her stomach, breathless, her knees hurting. And then hands had caressed her body, fingers explored her, mouths sucked on her and tongues licked her. She was rolled on to her back, and her nipples were suckled on by more than one man -- and she had felt quite powerless to stop them!
She did not want to stop them.
She had clamped her eyes shut firmly, her head was spinning -- no doubt partly from all the alcohol she had consumed, and no doubt a lot had to do with the situation she was in. Catherine felt herself being pulled to the edge of the table. Her legs were parted and raised, she heard the bikers comment on her body, her 'cunt' check out her 'cunt' someone had said. Fingers sunk into her 'cunt' and still Catherine kept her eyes firmly shut. Her head was twisted to one side and she could smell the distinct aroma of pre-cum moments before a hard penis touched her on the lips. The fingers thrusting in and out of her 'cunt' slipped out of her, and just as Catherine slackened her jaw the penis that jabbed at her lips was almost forcefully pushed into her mouth without a word.
Catherine felt someone lay between her thighs, she felt her ankles being gripped firmly and her legs spread open even wider -- almost painfully. The cock in her mouth made her almost choke each time it touched the back of her throat bringing tears to her eyes.
"Ya fucken in her yet, bro?" she heard someone ask impatiently.
Then Catherine felt it, another stranger's cock prodding at her entrance, instinctively, Catherine rocked her hips back and forth, and the biker's cock sunk into her hot, slippery hole and he began to fuck her like a rag doll, his long, fat penis stretching her delicate velvety passage like nobody previously.
Catherine sucked with fervour on the little penis in her mouth and grunted each time the man fucking her plunged in deeply, she felt her breasts being squeezed and pulled, and she was only vaguely aware of someone sucking on her stocking-clad toes after one of her high-heeled shoes had been removed.
God, he was good, she thought to herself, revelling in the ecstasy of the man screwing her mercilessly, oh dear God, this was what she needed. Catherine felt her orgasm approach quickly -- first one long, long orgasm. And still he fucked her like a steam train, his great balls slapping against her bottom like nothing she had known before. Catherine cried out deliriously as another orgasm engulfed her, just as he stiffened on top of her and pushed in hard. She heard him grunting like a wounded animal, his fat cockhead pressing against her cervix almost painfully, had partly entered her uterus. Catherine wrapped her legs around him; she felt his penis swell noticeably inside of her briefly only moments before a hot gush of sperm shot inside of her -- directly into her womb!
Catherine lay there breathless. Her eyes were still shut; she did not want to see who had just fucked her. She only now realised she was no longer sucking on the other man's little penis and she was unaware of the thick cum running down her cheek and onto the coffee table.
Her 'cunt' now ached.
Her 'tits' were now sore.
Then the phone had rung loudly. The man on top of her eased himself off, his great slug making a popping sound as it vacated her messy gash. Catherine had lain there for several more moments before she sat up weakly. As she watched Jed talk on the phone, Catherine had moved back onto the more-comfortable seat of the booth and sat with her legs crossed -- totally bewildered as to what had just happened to her!
One of the other bikers sat down beside her and began to play with her breasts. Catherine said nothing. She watched Jed replace the telephone receiver and look over at her and smile then he had walked back over to her.
Yes, she thought to herself, she had just had sex with three men in a little over half an hour -- more men than she had been with in her whole life! Catherine sighed -- and still the scruffy biker next to her played with her tender breasts!
"I...I hope I don't catch anything...you know you could have used condoms...couldn't you?" Catherine said softly to Jed, while looking down at her crossed legs.
"You'll be right, my mates are all clean," Jed reassured her confidently.
Someone handed her a drink, bourbon with a little coke and ice and she drank most of it almost immediately. The scruffy man next to her removed his hand from her breast and ran it down to her knee; Catherine gave only slight resistance when he attempted to uncross her legs. She looked up at the small bar not more than four metres away and noticed two men watching them -- the knowledge excited her -- she wanted them to watch too. Catherine felt her legs being parted and she swallowed in anticipation of what she guessed would happen next.
"Take her into the bedroom, Snapps," Jed said to the man now openly playing with her pussy.
* * *
John walked back over to the bar, and catching Trevor's eye, he waved him over.
"That fat biker told me the address of Jed's place, said it's just down the road a bit in amongst some factories," John told Trevor.
That dumb-arse, Pugsly, Trevor thought, can't keep his fat mouth shut.
"I'm going to head down and see if my wife's there. If she comes back here in the mean time, could you have her ring my mobile?" John asked, handing the barman a business card.
Trevor was a bit alarmed at the man's plan; Jed had asked him to stall him for half-an-hour at least.
"Tell ya what, John; I knock-off soon, how about I come down with you? Might be better...you know what some of these bikers can be like? Give me about twenty minutes or so hey?" Trevor pulled another schooner of draught and handed it to him, "On the house, mate."
John thought about it for a moment -- not that he was scared or anything, he knew he could handle himself -- self-defence training prior to his three year foreign posting a decade earlier had given him great confidence in his ability, and he was still pretty fit. But he had to admit, it probably would be a good idea to have someone who knew them with him when he got there.
"Twenty minutes?"
"Probably no more, John."
John picked up the schooner and took a long drink of the cold amber liquid, he could wait a bit longer, what could possibly happen in another twenty minutes?
* * *
Catherine found herself being led in an almost a trance-like state down a narrow passageway, she had replaced her other shoe and had straightened up her black stockings -- but apart from that she was still naked. Although Jed had handed her dress back moments earlier, it was merely draped over her arm -- he hadn't been able to locate her lingerie! Catherine heard more motorbikes roar down the side of the old house and stop abruptly in a screech of tyres skidding on the paved driveway. The short, balding man in front of her paused by a closed door and after opening it, he led her inside. Catherine looked around the darkened room apprehensively; it appeared to be a small bedroom devoid of furniture -- except for a large bed in the middle of the floor near a bare window that was barred from the outside.
The door was closed behind them.
"What...what do you want?" Catherine said somewhat pathetically, she had thought he may have been going to allow her to finish dressing.
The man Jed had called Snapps chuckled, and turning her around, he guided her backward for a few steps until she felt the soft edge of a mattress against the back of her knees. Catherine sat down and in the dim light and she watched the scruffy man remove his jeans. She guessed him to be around fifty or so, quite old, and with a large paunch. She had noticed earlier when he was sitting next to her, that his straggly goatee did little to hide teeth that appeared to be rotting, and his almost rancid breath smelt of gingivitis too -- what in the hell was she doing in here with him, she thought to herself.
"Get on ya back for me would ya," he ordered her.
Catherine looked the man up and down again, he was now naked from below the waist and his penis stood rampant. She hesitated.
"Tell ya what...you can just suck me off if ya wanna...give me a good headjob instead?"
Catherine swallowed deeply; fellatio was not her favourite thing. She moved herself further onto the rumpled bed. "Um...maybe...um, maybe we can do it doggies?" That way, at least she did not have to look at him.
He laughed, "Nup...I want ya on your back...wanna watch ya face when I fuck ya, maybe even kiss ya pretty lips too."
Snapps watched as Catherine sighed, she then lay herself down on the dirty mattress, her hands covering her breasts and pussy, almost demurely.
"Yeah, that's it. Now open them pretty legs for me too," Snapps said hoarsely, "that's it...good girl."
"Can you...can you please use a condom...please?"
Snapps chuckled again, and kneeling onto the bed, he manoeuvred himself between her legs. Nice looking bitch, he thought, better than most of the slags they got down here. The stockings were a nice touch too, he thought, as he lowered himself.
Catherine felt him prod at her opening briefly, and then push himself in, there was so much cum oozing out of her vagina that there was little resistance and he penetrated her completely in one quick thrust of his hips.
"You married, are ya?" he asked her, as he slowly began to fuck her.
Catherine nodded, "yes."
"Got one of them 'open' relationships, have ya?" Snapps asked her inquisitively, "Ya like a cock or two, hey? Fuckin' nice cunt ya got, even after that fuckin' gorilla just fucked ya," Snapps observed crudely, "Hey, lift ya legs up for me...yep, that's better."
The bed springs squeaked loudly with his every thrust, Catherine noticed. She didn't know why, but the sleaziness of what she was doing -- and where she was doing it excited her and she was soon fucking Snapps back with a renewed vigour.
"Go on then...give it to me...that's it...bang it...ugh...ugh...harder!" Catherine heard herself snarl uncharacteristically.
And Snapps gave her his best. While he was fucking her, Catherine noticed the bedroom door open and someone walk in, he stood watching them from only a metre or so away. Catherine looked up at him, although in the dim light she could not make out his features very well, his audience titillated her, she wanted to put on a show, it was the ultimate in exhibitionism. Exhibitionism was something that she had so often enjoyed in the past, like when she wore her tiny bikinis around John's friends -- but to let a stranger fuck her in front of another stranger, good God, it turned her on!
"Come on, man, you nearly done? I wanna turn too, ya know."
"Fuckin' wait up....nearly done...nearly done" Snapps grumbled, as he flexed his buttocks back and forth between Catherine's willing thighs, "She fuckin' loves it...don'cha...hey...don'cha?" he said to her rhetorically.
Catherine looked up at the stranger as Snapps pummelled into her -- smiling benignly -- encouragingly.
"Maybe turn her on her side, Snapps? Then I can try an' jamb it up her arse at the same time," the newcomer suggested eagerly, as he began to remove his jeans.
"I dunno, man. Whadda you reckon?" Snapps asked Catherine.
Catherine thought for a moment, and then whispered softly, "Um...maybe if I get on top of you?"
Snapps chuckled, and with his penis still firmly planted in Catherine's vagina, he rolled onto his back, bringing her up on top of him, her knees now astride of his hips. Then reaching behind Catherine buttocks, he pulled the cheeks of her arse apart to offer her little brown hole to the newcomer -- and Catherine lent forward till one of her breasts dangled tantalizingly close to Snapps' mouth and felt the newcomer move up onto the bed behind her.
* * *
Trevor called out to the stranger who was looking more and more agitated as the minutes wore on. The last of the bikers had left not long before hand, no doubt to return to their Clubhouse.
"John! Hey, John!" Trevor waved him over to the bar.
"You nearly ready to go, Trevor? It's been over half-an-hour!" John said impatiently.
"Your wife...yep, sounds like she is down the road at the Clubhouse."
"How do you know?"
"I had a moment to ring there for you."
Even though the barman was merely confirming his earlier suspicions, the knowledge alarmed him. Why on earth would she want to go to somewhere like that, he wondered?
"One of the boys reckons there's a pretty blond there with Jed, be your Catherine for sure."
John thought about it for a moment, he was angry now, how dare she not only traipse off over here dressed like a tart, and then go for a ride on some cockhead's motorbike -- but to end up at some stranger's house too! What was fucking wrong with her?
"I'm outa here, Trevor!" John said as he turned and stormed toward the front door.
Trevor handed over the bar keys to the duty manager and quickly headed out after John, "Wait up!"
* * *
John sat in the car out the front of the old, ramshackle house. It looked to be the last of its type in a street of mostly modern, glass-fronted factories and small offices. He could see the barman, Trevor standing by the front door talking to someone. John would have preferred to go to the door himself, but Trevor had convinced him otherwise. John felt quite anxious of course, and what husband wouldn't be? He did not want to fight with his wife anymore; he wanted things to be back to normal. And John certainly did not want to loose his wife over some stupid little fight over what she gave him for dinner, for Christ's sake, which had ultimately led to the situation they were now in.
John had found Catherine's purse in the console of the car -- her little pink mobile phone was inside there too, and it did appear to have a flat battery. He could smell her sweet floral perfume, one of his old favourites he noticed, Chanel No. 5. God, he hoped she was okay.
Looking back up at the bikers' house, John saw the barman wave him over. Deep-down, John had hoped Catherine would just appear at the doorway of the house and run over to him unharmed. He was ready to forgive her for putting herself in such a stupid predicament -- John was also ready to be a better husband to her. He could only imagine that his normally level-headed wife had somehow been tricked into coming to such a place. If those bastards had hurt her!
John walked across the narrow street to the house and up the concrete steps to the front door. Trevor introduced him to a man named Gonzo and the three of them went inside.
It took several moments for John's eyes to adjust to the gloomy interior. Smoke haze clung to the ceiling in a thick blanket, and a vaguely familiar Red-Hot Chilli Peppers song was blaring from large speakers behind a small bar. John felt out of place instantly.
"Whad'll it be, buddy?" a tall biker with long dark hair asked him from behind the bar.
"Um, it's okay thanks, I have just come to pick my wife up. I think she is here somewhere," John replied.
"Blond woman about yea tall wearing a black dress...a short black dress?" the tall biker asked him.
"Yep, that's her. Catherine, her name's Catherine. Do you know where she is?"
"Might as well have a drink, sunshine," the tall biker said smugly.
"What...what do you mean? Where is she?" John asked, instantly alarmed.
"Think she's busy," the biker said, as he handed him a cold can of beer.
"Busy! Busy doing what!" John exclaimed as he began to get agitated.
"Chill man, chill. I'm Jed, you John are ya? I brought her down her, just for a drink or two...hope you don't mind?"
"Of course I mind...would you go get her for me!" John felt his rage building rapidly, he felt like smashing the smug biker's face in.
"Settle Gretel, one of the boys is just taking her for a ride...shouldn't be much longer. She loves it ya know?" Jed said a little ambiguously.
John looked around the room again; it was large enough for a small pool table and a couple of old semi-circular pub booths. There were several other bikers present; a couple of them were playing pool while others looked on. The whole place made John feel uneasy. He picked up the beer and took a long guzzle, trying to calm down a bit.
"You don't think they may have gone back to the pub do you?"
"Nah, reckon it'll be just a quick one, probably done before she knows it," Jed smiled sardonically.
John looked around again and noticed he could not see the barman, Trevor anywhere. Suddenly he was feeling very, very uneasy, and a wave of paranoia washed over him. He wanted to get outside again, into the fresh air and away from these cretins.
Jed talked to him for a few more minutes, but John could not handle it any longer, he had to get outside.
"Toilet down the hall?" John asked the tall biker.
"Yep, last door on ya right."
John had trouble negotiating his way to the hallway, his legs felt like jelly and his stomach churned with anxiety -- he thought he was going to throw up!
Just as he started down the hall, he noticed the barman come out of a room and walk toward him a few paces. The barman then stopped, a surprised look on his face when he saw him coming the other way.
"I'm going out for some air, Trevor. That Jed says she will be back here soon!" John said, not registering the look of guilt that was written all over the barman's face.
The toilet door was locked; John found the back door and opened it up to step outside. He walked a few paces and came to the driveway where several Harleys lined up along the side fence. John walked down slowly past them. Shiny fucking dick-extensions, he thought. He felt like kicking them over like a row of dominoes.
He stood still for a moment and breathed deeply, the cool air helping to calm him down and he sighed deeply, "Come on Catherine!" he murmured pleadingly.
Turning around to walk back the other way, John noticed a light shining dimly from one of three windows down the side of the old house. Crude steel bars were fixed to the outside of the frame. John could see the bottom of the window was raised several centimetres.
He slowly walked over toward it -- just out of curiosity.
The sound, even over the music, was unmistakable; someone was having sex in there!
John moved closer to peer inside. The glass pane was filthy, with years of grime making it difficult to see inside. John bent down to look through the raised part of the window. He could make out a small lamp sitting on an old oil drum marginally illuminating the room. A large bed, not more than three metres from where he stood dominated the room. And on top of the bed, John could clearly see a man kneeling on the bed, his back to the window, his pants down around his knees and his hairy naked buttocks rhythmically thrusting back and forth as he fucked the woman that was bent down in front of him. The sounds from their copulating were a steady series of grunts and groans. They both appeared to be enjoying themselves immensely.
Somewhat bemused by the scene, John was about to move away, when he noticed them. The woman's feet -- either side of the man's knees were the woman's feet -- she had high heels on -- and what appeared to be black stocking!
John's jaw dropped! His heart pounded in his chest! It couldn't be?
Enraged, John ran back around toward the back door and rushed inside. He moved down the hallway to the door he had seen the barman leaving ten minutes earlier and barged inside! He looked down at the scene on the bed, his wife's pretty blond hair was splayed out over her hands that were beneath her head, her back curved up toward her buttocks that were meeting each thrust of the long-haired biker that pummelled into her from behind.
John moved forward quickly and caught them both by surprise; he wrenched the man from his wife with a vice-like grip on his arm and dragged him off the bed.
Time seemed to stand still for a moment as John surveyed the scene in total disbelief! He looked down at his wife, Catherine, her backside was still pointing provocatively in the air, and her buttocks were smeared with juices. John's eyes looked on horrified at her red, swollen pussy, gaping open like he had never seen it before! He turned toward the man struggling to his feet in front of him; his large fat cock glistened, as it swung from side to side like a metronome!
John nearly didn't see it coming, the punch swung wide toward his face, but in his heightened state he moved effortlessly out of it path. And then he threw a punch! John's aim was good -- but how could he miss the biker's large nose. With a wonderful sense of satisfaction, he felt the bone and cartilage crack when his fist connected and he watched the man drop to the floor, his pants still around his ankles.
Catherine screamed, "Oh my God! John, I'm so sorry...I'm so sorry!"
She felt herself being quickly dragged to her feet, her legs felt weak and she wobbled on her high heels almost loosing balance.
"How...how...did you find me..."
"Never mind, we have to get outta here, where are your clothes?"
John put his coat around his wife's bare shoulders, he noticed the make-up she had gone to so much trouble to apply before she had left home that evening was smeared, her pretty hair in disarray. Her lovely dress was lying at the foot of the bed in a crumpled heap. He bent to retrieve it and grabbing his wife by her hand, he headed for the bedroom door and turned right down the hallway so they could escape out the backdoor.
"Not so fast, John, my shoes...please...John..." Catherine begged breathlessly.
But John didn't slow down until they were out of the bikers' yard and almost to the little Corolla.
Opening up the passenger door, John helped his wife sit down and then quickly ran around to the driver's door and got in.
"Hey! Where you taken our girlfriend, pal!" a voice bellowed from the front of the house.
John looked over as he started the little car's engine, he could see that smarmy arsehole, Jed standing by the doorway.
"Hey, John me mate, bring her back 'ere would ya, we haven't finished yet, have we beautiful? Tell 'im Catherine, go on, fucken tell your limp-dick husband ya love it here!" Jed yelled out.
John gunned the engine and dropped the clutch hastily; the little front wheels span momentarily before they gripped and the car lurched off down the narrow street away from the abuse that was still being yelled out from the bikers' house.
John drove on silently for several minutes, his anger seething inside of him. He had trouble getting the mental picture of his wife's naked body kneeling on the bed, an apparent enthusiastic participant of the carnal pleasures of the man who knelt behind her. John listened as Catherine sobbed intermittently, while leaning against the car's door.
It was not until they had got on the freeway that he spoke.
"How...how many times, Catherine, how many times have you done this sort of thing to me?" he asked solemnly.
"Catherine, speak to me!"
"I...I have never done this before, I swear. Oh, John, I am sooo sorry, truly, I...I don't know why I did it, I...I don't understand why..." she said softly.
John drove on silently for several more minutes, thinking.
"There was more than one tonight, wasn't there, Catherine?"
Catherine sobbed again, and lent over toward her husband to rest her head on his shoulder.
"Catherine?"
"What do you want me to say? Do you really want to know?"
John remembered the barman disappearing for sometime and then coming out of the same bedroom that his wife had been in. He hoped to God that he had not touched her too. He hoped that maybe he had just been watching. He wasn't sure he wanted to really know.
"That fellow, Jed?"
Catherine nodded weakly, and sobbed again.
John wanted to turn around and kill the bastard! He was sure he had been the instigator -- that arsehole would keep, he thought.
"Just the two of them was it?"
Catherine said nothing.
"Catherine?"
"I...I think so, I had drunk a fair bit you know," she said unconvincingly.
"You think so! For fucks sake, Catherine, surely you knew if someone was fucking you?" John said impatiently.
Catherine remained silent.
"Did you enjoy it? Is that why you let them? I have always known you like to flirt with men and tease them...I am not stupid you know...I am sure you derive some pleasure from that. So, did you?"
Catherine nodded slowly.
"Was that a 'yes'?" John growled.
"Yes," Catherine whispered.
John sighed deeply, "For fucks sake, I don't know if that's a good or bad thing!"
"Do...you want...John, do you want to divorce me now?" Catherine asked meekly.
John drove on silently for another few minutes, still thinking, they had achieved so much together over the years, and the long hard road was getting easier. They were close to owning their own home now, it was in a nice suburb too, one of the best, even though their home may have only been of an 'entry level', it was still nice. A divorce would put them both back years, John had seen it happen to others and they had all struggled on -- usually unhappy with their decision. And of course he really loved his wife too. He knew she was not really promiscuous -- a flirt and a tease, yes, but not promiscuous, not Catherine. It was just an exceptional set of circumstances that had led up to her adultery that evening, of that he was almost certain, and he was pretty certain with an attitude adjustment here and there on both their parts, those set of circumstances should never need be repeated.
Catherine was snuggled up against him with just his jacket over her shoulders. He could see her naked thighs above her stockings and he raised his left arm over her shoulder and then lowering his hand, he began to caress her buttocks softly. She had stopped crying at last.
"What are you doing, John?" Catherine asked sheepishly, when she felt his hand working its way between her thighs toward her pussy.
"God damn, Catherine, that's a mess down there!" John exclaimed when his fingers found her swollen labia, "What the fuck, did you take them all on, or something?"
Catherine said nothing, but her own hand snaked over to her husband's crotch, and she began to rub his penis through his trousers, feeling his flesh growing hard with her touch in a matter of moments.
John sunk a couple of fingers into his wife's sloppy hole, her warmth radiating into the palm of his hand. He felt Catherine unfastening his belt and trousers then deftly, she released his penis.
Catherine manoeuvred herself around and lowered her head toward her husband's cock. Opening her mouth, she wrapped her lips around his hard knob and began to suck.
John found himself smiling, this was a rare experience indeed -- and never before in the car! He slowed the car down to around eighty kilometres an hour; he wanted the moment to last!
"By Christ, that's good honey...aarh yeah, that's really, fucking good," he said, while he continued to finger her messy gash, "In the morning...ooh that's good...Cath, in the morning, I think we better get you down to the clinic for a check-up, hey?"
Catherine stopped sucking her husband's cock for a moment, then thinking about what she had let happen to her, she nodded her head in agreement then bobbed her head up and down feverishly. What a night she'd had!
* * *
Jed looked at some of the footage -- not too bad.
Their Clubhouse may have been a rundown looking dump from the outside, but they owned it, and the land was worth a small fortune now the old industrial area had kicked off again.
One of the best little improvements they had made recently was to add a state-of-the-art surveillance system. There were four cameras, one out the front and another situated down the side of the house to keep tabs on their bikes. There was also one looking over toward the booths from the bar -- the last one was almost superfluous, and was set up in the bedroom down the hall.
Jed had been watching most of the action on the split screen of the colour monitor behind the bar and had recorded the lot. He had even seen Catherine's husband peering in the bedroom window, and had looked on bemused when he had screamed back inside to stop his wife from being defiled any further -- and man, had they defiled her!
"Good?" Gonzo asked him.
"Yep, fucken excellent stuff, it should be worth a few bob," Jed replied.
Jed knew a Web-guru who had a nice little pay-site dedicated to this sort of worthy stuff and already his submissions in the past had more than paid for the expense of the high-definition security system. His bro's all thought he was mad at first -- but that had soon changed.
"How come you wanted me to let her husband come down here, Jed? We could have all been fucking her till the morning," Trevor asked carefully.
"Wanted to see the look on his face, Trev," Jed laughed cruelly, "And for fuck-sake, it was worth it, even if ol'donkey-dick got a belt in the nose for it!"
"And I reckon it'll make it a bit more 'special' for the punters who like to sit at home and wank over this sorta stuff too!" Jed quantified further.
"Hey, guess what? I've got her phone number too, dumb-arse husband gave it to me along with his name on a card," Trevor volunteered, "Reckon we orta try and get her back one day?"
"Maybe..." Jed mused thoughtfully, "Maybe..."