Next day was Friday. I was nervous coming home from school. The previous evening I had let Kevin order me around, and he'd grown in confidence as the evening had progressed. I knew that set a dangerous precedent.
There was an outfit laid out for me on my bed. I was surprised to find it was my modified school shirt and a pair of panties.
The next surprise came when I picked up the shirt. I had already modified it. I had removed the top 3 buttons, and I had added a few stitches to pin the lapels back. But as I picked it up, I could see Kevin had made his own adjustments.
The arms were gone. Kevin had actually done a pretty clean job; unpicking the seams rather than just hacking them off with a pair of scissors. The rest of the buttons were gone too. Wispy threads marked where they used to be. Finally Kevin had cut out the lower back. He'd followed the line of the seam halfway up both sides, then cut across the back to join the two slits.
The result was a shirt that was spread open by my large breasts at the front, and left my back below my shoulder blades completely exposed.
I tied the two front tails in a granny knot, which is I think, what Kevin intended.
The result was spectacular. The shirt came down to my lower ribs. The smooth inward curves of my waist, and flat stomach with the indentation of my belly button, were accentuated by the bulging white shirt above. The knot was so high on my ribs that it actually lifted my breasts and made them seem even bigger than they were. The shirt was stuffed beyond its capacity, and while the knot held it closed the amount of exposed cleavage was staggering.
I was still looking at the mirror when the sound of the front door pulled me back to reality.
"Emma," Kevin called. "Come down stairs."
Despite my nerves, I didn't hesitate; I had accepted Kevin's authority over me.
They were all there, waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs. I tried to stay calm as I slowly descended the stairs towards them. I kept my head up, shoulders back, arms at my sides. I wanted to appear nonchalant, like the situation was normal. But it wasn't normal, and it didn't matter how much I pretended it was.
"Fuck me," Paul said, always the most vocal, the most cocky. "Will you look at that." There was no pretense any more. He knew I could hear every word, he just didn't care.
When I got to the bottom of the stairs, I stood facing them for a moment before turning down the corridor into the lounge.
The Xbox was on. The now ubiquitous Night Junky queued up. I had danced to it so many times now, it should have seemed mundane. But dressed as I was, in my smallest panties and a shirt that showed far more than it concealed, it still had my heart racing.
I took up my position in front of the screen; in front of the sofas where the boys would sit. Ready to perform.
The boys came in behind me. Paul, Jason, Bobby and Frank all took their seats on the sofa. But my brother stayed on his feet.
"It's raining," he said.
The boys all had wet hair and Kevin was still wearing his jacket. I looked out the window and I saw it was coming down pretty hard. I looked back to my brother, but he didn't say anything more just looked at me expectantly.
"I guess it is," I finally replied, somewhat confused.
"You need to get the cushions off the garden furniture," he said.
Mum had bought some new patio furniture, and had asked us to make sure the cushions didn't get left out in the rain.
I nodded and started for the coat closet.
"Where are you going?" Kevin asked.
"To get my coat, it's raining."
"I think you're dressed just fine as you are," he replied. "What do you think guys," he asked his friends. "Does Emma need a coat to go and get the cushions in."
"Definitely not," Paul replied "I think she's dressed just fine as she is."
The other 3 just sat there grinning.
This was crazy! Kevin was telling me to go outside. No, ordering me to go outside in the rain. The panties and shirt he had given me to wear were both white and both stretched tight across my body. The rain was coming down hard. By the time I'd got the cushions in, both garments would be drenched, and virtually transparent.
It took me the better part of 10 minutes to get the seats off the chairs, and hang them in the garage so they'd dry. It took less than 5 seconds for the heavy rain to soak me to the core. So when I came back into the house my shirt and panties were wet through and dripping water.
Although my shirt had been altered into something from a porn movie, it had started life as a regular school blouse. It was a thick weave and robust, designed to withstand the rigours a young teenager might put it through. So even wet through it wasn't totally transparent. It stuck to the contours of my breasts like a second skin, and was translucent enough to show the difference in colour between my breasts and my nipples, bit wasn't utterly revealing. Even so, as I re-entered the house I had my arms clutched over my chest, made nervous by this heightened display.
I stood in the lounge, in front of my brother and his friends, arms crossed, defensive, water dripping from me. I had learned to love to show off, but somehow this was one step too far.
They all just sat there for a moment, gorping, while I stood with my arms clutched closely across my chest. But while my arms covered my breasts, my wispy mat of hair and puffy lips were outlined beneath the sodden panties.
Unusually, it was Bobby who got things moving. He picked up the Xbox controller and hit a couple of buttons. The unmistakable opening bars of Night Junky came on.
The moves to the first few bars were just a right foot tap as the song built. I did this with my arms crossed in defence. All the time aware of the crishendow that was about to unfold.
I could see the boys mentally counting out the beats we all knew so well until the moment the first real move would explode.
Finally it arrived and I went with it. My right hand shot into the air, my left dropping to my hip for the first giration. The heat of my arms gone, the cold of air on wet flesh washed over my boobs. I let the song take me, sinking into the oh so familiar dance.
The tight confines of the over packed blouse restricted the movement of my chest, but the translucent fabric still made the display obscene as I bounced, and shook, and wiggled, and girated.
When the song finished, I stood with my arms hanging loosely at my sides. My skin glowed with the excursion and the now familiar thrill I got from displaying myself.
"I thought we'd see more," Bobby said. His comment deflates me a little.
"What's wrong?" Kevin replied. "My sister is not naked enough for you?"
"No, no. It's not that," Bobby responded defensively. "It's just that when you sent her out into the rain, I thought her shirt would be more, you know, well, would show more."
He said all this to my brother and the rest of the boys. That I was stood listening too didn't even seem to register in his brain.
"What do you think Emma?" My brother asked me. "You think you're covering up too much?"
I didn't know how to respond, so I just stood there.
"Well?" Kevin prompted.
"I'm not really wearing very much at all," my voice had a kind of whinny quality to it.
"That's true," Kevin said. "But I think I agree with Bobby. Take off your blouse."
I froze, surely I hadn't heard him right, though I knew I had.
Aftera few long moments without me responding, he asked, "Who's in charge?", steel in his voice.
"You are," I replied meekly.
"So do as you're told. Take off your blouse!"
The knot holding the shirt closed had been pulled tight by my breasts pulling on it as I danced, and was wet from the rain, so It took me a while to unpick it. It gave me time to settle my nerves and to contemplate what was about to happen. My boobs were new, a year ago I had been mostly flat chested. I'd become very self conscious of them, and nobody except me had ever seen them naked. I don't think I was ready for that to change, but I'd got myself in a situation where I no longer felt able to say 'no'.
Eventually I managed to undo the knot. I slipped my right arm under the left side of the shirt, coving my nipple, and slipped the shirt off my left shoulder. Then switched, using my left arm to cover both breasts as best I could, letting the shirt slip down my right arm and fall to the floor.
I stood there in nothing but a pair of panties made transparent by the rain. Arms folded across my large chest.
"Come now Emma," my brother said. "You know this isn't how we want you to stand. Put your hands on top of your head."
I paused for a moment. Took in a deep breath to try and settle my nerves, then lifted my hands onto my head.
"Fuck me," said Frank. "Will you look at the size of those fucking tits."
"She's got a perfect body," added Justin "An itty bitty waist, cute round arse, flat stomach and those tits have got to be be half her fucking body weight."
Up to now Justin and Frank had been too shy to speak Infront of me. Now even they were becoming emboldened.
"Emma, how big are you tits?" Paul asked.
I didn't know how to respond. I was overawed by the whole experience. I was stood in front of my brother and his friends displaying my entire naked body for their enjoyment. My mind was fried, but I knew my brother expected an answer.
"They're big," I replied.
The boys tittered. I sensed that wasn't enough.
"They're very big," I added.
They all burst into laughter. I just stood there, hands on my head. My tits sticking proudly out of my chest.
"What are your measurements," Paul clarified. "What size bra do you wear?"
I understood what they wanted. "30E," I replied.
"Fuck me!" Paul replied. "I wanna see them move. Bounce them for us."
I didn't move, just looked at
my brother. He was the one in charge! not Paul!
"Do it," Kevin ordered.
I started bouncing up and down, bending my knees but keeping my feet on the floor. It was enough to send my big tits into counter movement. As I bounced my tits Paul said to my brother.
"You know this would go a lot better if we didn't have to pass everything through you."
"What do you mean?" Kevin asked.
"Well it's kind of slow us having to get you to get her to do something. Don't you think it would be better if we could, you know, go directly. Emma should do as she's told. No matter which of us is giving the order."
"Yeah, I get your point. Emma, from now on my friends are incharge as well. Do you understand?"
I stopped bouncing, but kept my hands on my head.
"Yes" I replied.
"Tell us," Paul said. "I wanna hear you say it."
"You're all in charge," I replied.
"And what does that mean?"
"It means I have to do what any of you tell me".
"Everything we tell you, say it"
"I have to do everything any of you tell me," I repeated.
"Go and get us all a beer," Bobby commanded.
I was happy to be alone for a moment, to collect my thoughts. But I could hear them from the kitchen.
"Don't fuck this up," Bobby said.
"What me?!" Paul protested.
"Yeah you, every time we get something good you fuck it up for all of us. Like McGwier's. We find a bar that will serve beer to a bunch of 16 year olds and you have to push for whiskey and vodka. Push, push, push until they won't even serve us beer anymore."
"What's the big deal, it's just beer!"
"But this isn't just beer. We've got a submissive teenager, with a hot little body and the most perfect pair of big tits I've ever seen, even in porn. And she'll get naked for us whenever we want."
"He's right," Frank added. "I can see you trying to push her too far even now. We'll never get something like this ever again. You can be a cocky shit sometimes, but you know this a once in a lifetime chance. Look at us, we're not cool, or good looking, or athletic. This is it. Our one chance to get a super hot chick doing our bidding. If you blow it none of us will ever speak to you again."
"Ok, ok, I get your point. I won't push it. I'll leave you guys to drive the pace. Jeez I just wanna have a bit of fun."
I chose this moment to come back into the lounge with the tray of beers. My boobs bobbing and swaying with each step.
I put the tray down in the middle of the floor, back to the boys, bending at the waist, legs straight. Just I had been told to do yesterday. I picked up the first beer, and turned and walked towards Paul.
I bent at at waist again to offer the bottle. But now there was nothing restraining my chest. My big breasts hung free from my chest, unencumbered.
Paul was in a sulky mood after the admonishment from his friends, but his eyes were still drawn to my naked tits, sitting just a foot from his face. Like yesterday, he waited, staring, enjoying, before taking the beer.
I straightened and went back to the tray.
"You're right," Paul said. "I promise, I won't be a fuck up this time."