I've always been into public nudity. Always. Since as long as I can remember, anyway. Not being naked in front of others necessarily. Just being naked in a place you shouldn't be. With the fear of being caught, of course. Like someone said, no risk no reward.
I didn't have a concrete plan on what i was going to do to get the rush that I craved that day, but I was gonna get it somehow. Of course, the one thing I did know was that it was going to involve me getting naked at some point...
It was an hour before sunset when I got out of my car at the local park. It was a sprawling area of tennis courts, sports fields and bush trails. I headed in the direction of one trail, which wound for a couple of kilometres through a valley and was mainly used by bike riders. Bike riders are even worse than walkers...they come upon you so fast. Twice in this same park I'd just made myself decent when someone on a bike had gone whooshing by, literally within seconds. But those are stories for another time.
I had scouted this path many times before and the great thing about it was that it was one of the least used paths in the park. The flipside of that was that it was primarily a bike path, as I said, and that on my previous times here I'd almost always seen at least one person or group. Considering the time of day, I figured the odds of meeting someone on the path at some point to be about 50/50. Good enough.
I had a destination in mind, about half way along the path, though I wasn't yet sure exactly what I was going to do. My mind was awhirl with possibilities, even as my eyes and ears strained to detect any signs of people.
Before long, I reached the turn off to the creek I'd been heading for. It was only 30 or 40 metres off the main trail and the path was fairly well used. I'd seen people there a few times as there were large rocks and a decent-size body of water. Maybe people swam there, I dunno, I'd never stopped to look.
There was another path there, much less used, which followed the creek another 200 metres or so before eventually meeting up with the main path again. I knew then what I must do.
I quickly hid my car keys in a nearby log, and grabbed the smokes out of my pocket. And now, the moment fantasy meets reality...
I pulled down my shorts and threw them near the path, where they couldn't be missed by anyone coming down to the creek. I looked around for one last time, prepared to back out now should I hear or see anything....but there was nothing. I hooked my thumbs in my underwear and in a moment they were off, too. These I threw onto a bush, less visible than my shorts but still obvious if anyone looked. I decided to leave my t-shirt on for this trip, though it barely reached the top of my butt.
I took a moment to enjoy the feeling of the wind caressing my naked lower half, the last of the day's sunlight kissing parts of me that society said I should keep hidden. Well, not today society...
I set off across the rocks, my senses keen and my paranoia in overdrive. Even in this dense bushland, I can look up the valley and see a rock wall that borders a road, although the road is not used often. But soon houses will be built there, and that may change. I can't see the road itself, due to it being so far above me, but I am yet to see anyone walking beside it, which makes this place just isolated enough.
Within a minute or so I'd made my way down the rocks and started heading along the little used path at the bottom which follows the creek. My sneakers seem to be snapping every twig I looked at, and every leaf I trod on seemed as dry as a corn chip. In a dozen or so trips on this small path, I'd seen people once, some kids playing in the creek. But the amount of noise alone I was making kept me on edge. About three quarters of the way along the path I heard a sudden noise and stopped in my tracks. It was a rock, tumbling into the creek, from the far bank. I couldn't see it but from the sound it was clearly large, bigger than a softball.
I waited about a minute, wondering if someone could see me, all sorts of horrible scenarios running through my head. I could very faintly hear voices, but they were most likely coming from some house up the valley from which I was well hidden. But the rock...that had come from somewhere very nearby...
I'd just struck up the courage to continue, had gone perhaps ten metres, when I heard it again. Another rock! This one tumbling down the hill in the same spot as before. This could be no coincidence. This meant people.
I stood stock still. Rooted to the spot. I looked. I listened. I expected to hear some rustling in the bushes, some giggling, anything. Yet I saw and heard nothing.
After another minute or so, I reasoned that although the rocks meant people were about somewhere, they didn't necessarily mean that I had been discovered. The rocks might have been thrown down the valley by someone unaware of my presence. Well, that's the thought I clung to, and that's what eventually gave me the courage to go on.