This is the first story I've written; please let me know your thoughts!
Quick tip: It is written in the second person, so every time it reads "you", you should imply yourself.
*********************
One day, as you are walking down the city streets, you complain to your friend Matt about how stressed and sore you have been lately and how you wish you knew a good massage place to visit right away. Since you recently moved, all the good places you knew are hours away. Being a good friend, he recommended a top-notch spa massage place that he has gone to and feels like they do an amazing job. He mentions that due to their location in a wealthier part of town, they are usually able to take walk-ins. He tells you the address, but you ask him if he can also text you the location, which he does right away. A chime rings in your phone, but you don't open the message. You thank him for the information and say your goodbyes.
As you're sitting on the train, en route to this new place, you decide to view it and click the link to check it out. You open the link, and it asks for your preferred massage therapist (females have a gentler touch, while males provide stronger pressure). Of course, you click on "male.". You feel like no woman would be able to get rid of the knots in your neck, upper back, quads, and hamstrings (you are really beat down). After making your choice, the first thing you notice is the pictures of all the massage therapists, and you wonder if you clicked on the right link since they all look like they could be on the cover of magazines.
You think it, and they have it: short, tall, blonde, brunet, color eyes, long hair, short hair, lean, jocky, muscular, husky, bearded, clean shaven. The only thing in common is that under your eyes, they are all gorgeous.
Suddenly, you feel a tightness in your bulge, and it dawns on you... you remember that you are wearing your Baby Narrow Cobra cage... the smallest cage in your current possession.
*******
It has been a couple of months since you started chastity, but you have loved it ever since the first day you caged yourself. Somehow, you have been able to change sizes fairly quickly. Starting with the Cobra N+, moving to the Cobra N, followed by the Cobra Baby, and ending in your current Cobra Baby Narrow, all within a matter of months.
You have become so adapted, and it has become so natural for you to be in your chastity cage, that you "forget" you are wearing it most of the time.
*******
You panic and look around the full public train wagon, as it is peak time. You worry that anybody or everybody can see the bulge in your pants moving around. To a wondering eye, it might seem like you are well-endowed or hung and sporting a boner... But to you, who know the truth, it only brings embarrassment and excitement at the same time. Both of these feelings are making the situation worse... making you leak a few drops of pre-cum and feel a little wet spot on your underwear.
You take a couple of deep breaths and calm yourself down; it seems to do the trick. You rationalize everything that is going on in your head and think "There is no way the message therapist is going to know I am wearing a cage unless I tell him, and I also really, really need that massage". A memory of all of the massage places you have been comes to mind. They always gave you the option to keep your underwear on or to undress completely and cover yourself with a towel. You, being as shy as ever, always maintained your modesty and decided to keep your underwear on every time.
Finally, you calmed down.
You go back to scrolling the site and see a guy that peaks your interest: Brunet, short hair, colored eyes, clean-shaven, tall, jocky type, not too many crazy huge muscles but still marked and defined. You click on his name, and a new screen pops up showing a short description of his expertise, methods, and qualities. You scroll down and see some time selections available. You look down at your watch and realize that he will be available by the time you are expected to arrive. Quickly, you select the time, fill out your information, place a credit card on file, and hit submit. Page loads... and loads... and loads... until you successfully get a confirmation number and email welcoming you to the spa and more information. You are excited and happy that you will get to relax with the massage therapist of your choosing.
Time passes, and after what seems forever, you make it to the front of the building. It is located in a pretty nice area. A big, modern building, surrounded by gardens and non-see-through fenced sections.
You enter the main building and walk up to the main desk to check in. After confirming your appointment, you are offered complimentary drinks and given a survey to complete before your session. Standard information to get the best treatment for your needs. You listed the following: muscle soreness and knots in your neck, upper back, quads, and hamstrings
You complete the survey and hand it back. You are explained a few rules, which mostly you think nothing off. However, there is one that stuck out to you: "While on the premises, we request that you turn off your phone. This is due to the clientele we host and to protect their privacy". You agree to everything, shut off your phone, and are provided a room number and warm robe. The robe confuses you for a bit, but since you've zoned out, you just grab it and go. While walking to the room, you start thinking "I guess it makes sense to provide a clean, warm robe at the entrance rather than having it hanging in the room where anyone can touch it and who knows how long it's been there".
You find your room number and are standing in front of the door. You open it and walk in. It is a small room; you look around and see two opposing full-wall mirrors, from ceiling to floor. You had only seen full body mirrors before, but these cover the whole opposing wall. Basically, there is the door you came in from with built-in wooden shelves next to it (some signs and baskets on the shelves), the two mirror walls, and two more doors side by side on the opposite wall from your entrance.
One of the two doors is a small washroom, just enough to fit the toilet, sink, and small shower with a single towel. The door next to it is what you have been waiting for.... the massage room. As you get closer to the door, you notice a sign posted:
"In order to bring you the quality and experience you deserve, please make sure you leave all your belongings in the baskets provided within this room." "Please be sure to separate your materialistic items into baskets. Example:
- Clothes are to be placed in the basket labeled clothing (please be sure to remove all clothing except for the sanitized robe).
- Shoes are to be placed in the basket labeled.
- Electronics and valuables are to be placed in the safe box and locked with a pin number of your choice."
"Lastly, feel free to use the restroom before entering this area. We strive to maintain a clean environment for yourself at all times, and we only request the same."
You read the instructions for a second time, and that's when it hits you: "Please be sure to remove all clothing except for the robe". Your earliest worries on the train were coming true!!!
You panic a bit, but again, you calm yourself down and are relieved that you can at least keep the robe.
Since you have always been shy and you see both wall-sized mirrors reflecting you, you go into the washroom to get undressed.
You start by removing your shoes and socks and putting them on the side. Next comes your shirt, but as you raise your arms and pull on your shirt, you get a whiff of a musky smell. You take a big sniff and notice the smell is from your own armpits. After almost losing yourself for a minute, you snap out and agree to jump in the shower to prevent your message therapist from smelling your odor. You start unbuckling your pants, removing things from your pockets and your watch, lowering the zipper, and dropping them off your legs. Only to grab them off the floor and place them with your shirt and socks. At this point, you can feel your penis starting to get hard within your cage. This is the first time you have been placed in a situation like this outside your home. You look down to your underwear and can see both the bulge of your engorged cage and the "dried" patch of pre-cum you had leaked while riding the train. It takes another minute before you drop your underwear and place them with your pile of clothes.
You turn the shower on, regulate the temperature, and jump right in for a quick rinse and wash, calming your raging boner.
After you are done, you turn off the water, grab the towel, dry off, and look around, wondering where you placed the robe. Looking around the washroom, you cannot find it. That's when you remember you left it on the wooden shelf, and you curse yourself! That meant having to open the door, cross the opposing mirrors, and get the robe off the shelf. Again, thinking about all this made your already relaxed penis... erect. Knowing it was only you in the room, a little excitement, and your now bulging cage bulging out from your body, you decided to take a go. You opened the washroom door, walked out to the mirror hallway, and you got lost in the image reflecting. It was you, completely naked in your chastity, hundreds of times... The way the mirror was setup allowed you to see the reflection of the reflection of the reflection. You could see your ass and chastity all in the same view. You were shocked and did not know where to look, until you stretched out your hand and grabbed the robe.
Finally, you put the robe on and head back to the washroom to grab your piles and separate them in the baskets. Just as the sign said, all the clothes are in the clothes basket. Shoes by themselves. You get to the safe box, enter your birthdate as a pin, open the latch, put in your watch, wallet, and phone, and close the latch.
You are now ready to enter the massage room!!!
Should I do Part 2?