Our stories show the progression my husband and I made into exhibitionism and ultimately my becoming a hot wife. Each story is 99% true, telling the actual events that occurred for us on our path of sexual exploration. The timeline of these stories began very early in our relationship when we were just dating with the more recent occurring now after many years of marriage. For those interested in following our path understand that our situation was not something that occurred overnight or easily. These events were often the result of many discussions of our fantasies and even some unsuccessful sexual encounters (we didn't enjoy it, struck out trying to find others, or maybe just didn't have the right timing). While we certainly did not know it at the time, each story in this path reduced or removed a roadblock to where we were ultimately going. When we look back now at those events that began with simple outings of exhibitionism or public flashing, and then those events where we first included others in our play, there are pretty clearly defining moments that created breakthroughs to our ultimate outcome.
We will continue posting stories of our exploration (we have many experiences of different situations at this point). We will initially post those stories in the order in which the events occurred although we may later go back and revisit some happenings not included initially. Realize that in the earlier stories we were very early in our path so things that seemed very sexual to us at the time, may seem tamer now, and may feel like they were not big steps to you, our reader. Our stories will get more intense as we progress through our experiences. Our first story in the series was "Playing at the Movies" second was "Sex on the Apartment Landing" and then "Roadside Sex". Each story is its own experience and stands apart from the others. If you are not interested in reading the whole timeline, there is very little information from one story to the next that would impact understanding the previous story.
We hope you enjoy our learning experiences...
*
The late spring weather was nice and warm for one of the first times of the new year and my mind was free. I had finished some important deadlines at work and felt a huge weight off my shoulders. The nice weather and relaxed attitude made it a perfect day for another day date with my husband. Our jobs allowed us to have more flexible schedules so we regularly took days for ourselves to enjoy spending time together. This day we decided to take a drive out east from town as there were good truck pull offs along the interstate that had previously turned into some fun sexual moments and we were ultimately headed to a lunch location in a small town about an hour and a half away.
We headed out for our day with me wearing a short white skirt and a white tank top that would allow for easy access and at least partial exposure if we found ourselves in a public situation while eating lunch or stopping at local shops on our path. Shortly after leaving my husband asked if I will like to get more comfortable which I understood as code for "would you like to remove some clothes?" Feeling horny and anticipating the possibilities, I removed my bra to allow my husband easier access to my 36DD breasts. I enjoy my husband caressing my large breasts very much and he often spends much time giving them attention and starting my sexual engines revving. He takes great pride in making my nipples stand erect and loves to tweak them at the point they get their hardest. On this day, he began by reaching into my tank top and playing with my covered tits, but during our drive gradually pulled the shirt down lower and lower until finally my breasts were completely exposed spilling out the top of my shirt. Once he achieved his goal of baring my breasts and getting my nipples rock hard, he asked me to turn towards him so that he could see me better. When I turned towards him, he had our video camera facing me and began filming. After he was satisfied that he had sufficiently captured the view of my breasts, he told me to turn the other way to show the trucker that we were about to pass. Having had some recent experiences flashing truckers (sometimes up very close) I had become much more comfortable showing what I consider my best feature to others. A little flashing play has a way of exciting me.
We drove a little over an hour giving a few lucky truckers a nice view of the mountain scenery in the car, as we approached the interstate exit for our lunch location. We often began our car rides with some destination in mind and on this day we set out to try a small-town burger joint up the interstate that we had heard a number of good things about it. As we wound our way through the streets of this quaint, small southern town looking for our destination, I noticed an old-style car wash. It was one of those manual car washes that allowed you to wash your car by pulling into open bays and then spraying the car with a long wand. As we passed by, I saw cars already in two of the four bays with somewhat young men vigorously washing their vehicles.
Sensing an opportunity and being in a playful mood, I asked my husband if he was up for a short detour. With his sly smile and nod of approval, I asked him to turn around and go back to the car wash. His smile became a large grin at my request and he quickly did as I asked. We pulled into an open bay hood-first that was directly between the two already occupied bays with our trunk toward the open street behind us. Pulling in, I noticed that in the bay to our left was a pick-up truck being washed by an athletic looking man likely in his early thirties. He looked like a hard-working man, maybe a mechanic or construction worker based on his current work clothes. All I could see in the other occupied bay to our right was the fender of a car that appeared to be some type of coupe or sedan.
Once parked, I told my husband I would handle the wash today and then I searched for a handful of quarters from the middle console and got out of our car to begin the wash. My husband who prided himself and being prepared, got out of the car also but he smiled as he grabbed his video camera, ready to capture whatever was to come.
I put the required change into the machine and removed the washing wand. It began to spray cold water at first and a backward stream splashed on me getting my clothes wet. I had not really thought this all through well, I had merely planned to flash a little as I washed the car, but looking down at my now wet, white tank top I realized it would not take much to make my shirt see through. As the water began to get warmer, I got a little more comfortable with the "accidental" splash-back from the sprays. At this point I was beginning to get excited and I felt there was no turning back so I moved around the car soaking it down with the water lingering at the back of the car to allow our neighbors an opportunity at a peak. As I sprayed the car I made sure to take advantage of every opportunity to get wetter. My husband noticed this fact as well with his camera pointed at me catching all of the action. My tank top was now completely soaked and mostly transparent, my nipples were hard from the water spraying them and the cool breeze whistling off them (and maybe the excitement of the situation), and my skirt was mostly drenched and clinging to my body.
I took my time wetting the car down and I had to step over and insert more quarters a couple of times before our time ran out on the wash. Once I finally made it all the way back around to the front of the car, I stepped well out in front of the car outside the cover of the bay walls trying to draw some attention of those next to us. I did not notice either neighbor while I was standing out in the open and quickly lost a little nerve and retreated back between the walls into our bay. My husband had followed me as I made my way around the car and when I stepped forward into our bay I laid back across the wet hood to allow him to capture me in this pose. Then I turned over and stretched out chest first laying my breasts across the hood. As I posed for his video my top became completely wet and even more transparent.
Once I wet the outside of the car thoroughly, I decided to focus on the interior a little, so I pulled the car mats out of the front floor boards. I began to wash them off and knew the best place to do so, would be out in the sun in front of our wash bay so they would quickly try. I stepped out in front of the bay again and placed the mats on the ground somewhat towards the bay to our left and begin to spray them off thoroughly. From outside our wash bay, I could see the other bays next to us (particularly the one with the truck to our left) and hoped they might see me as well. It did not take long for the man washing his truck to notice me in my see-through white tank top. He stopped what he was doing, stared at me, and nodded as if to say "hello".
Wanting to be polite I smiled back and gave him a little wave.
Growing more comfortable with the situation our neighbor put away his wand and asked me if I needed any help with my car mats. During this time my husband tried to stay as hidden as possible but kept on filming.
I was growing somewhat nervous so I smiled but slowly nodded no. Looking at my husband I saw a small frown on his face at my refusal. After I finished spraying the mats with the stranger still eagerly watching me as he pretended to clean something on the front of his car, I stepped towards the stranger to ask him for advice. "Which type of soap or cycle should I use on the car if I want to have a light gloss and no spots?"
He said "I'll show you" and motioned over to his car wash dial.
I nervously walked over to his machine and turned to face him not sure if he would say something about my clearly exposed breasts and hard nipples or just be polite and answer my question. While explaining each of the options he kept stealing quick glances at my chest but then quickly looked away back to the machine trying to be polite.
After he finished his lesson, I paused as if contemplating the information, but the reality was I was wondering if he might mention my breasts or ask to touch. I was scared of the possibilities but also incredibly turned on by my blatant exposure to this stranger. When he didn't make a move, I returned to our car and began to cover it with soap. I made sure to lean up on the car keeping my shirt wet and then way over the hood knowing that my husband and my friend in the next bay, if he was still watching, would see up under my skirt and notice that I did not have on any panties. With the camera rolling and our neighbor catching very regular looks, I could feel their eyes following me and it turned me on.
When I finished soaping the car and stood back, I was entirely soaked. I looked at my husband and then at the guy from the next bay who was now standing at the entrance to our bay, completely giving up all pretense of washing his car. I was so incredibly turned on but was not satisfied with the exposure I had given yet, so with a little smile at my husband I grabbed my wet tank top at the neckline with both hands and pulled hard until I heard the unmistakable rip. I looked directly at the stranger with my husband standing off to the side filming and I continued tearing my tank down the front until it was open well down below my now nude breasts. Our new friend just stood motionless with his mouth gaping open clearly unsure what to do. To up the ante more, I then grabbed the bottom hem of the tank top and quickly pulled it up and over my head dropping it on the ground in front of me. I put both hands up in a slight "Ta-da" pose and smiled at our watcher. I was now standing topless in a car wash bay with cars driving by behind me, a complete stranger taking it all in, and my husband filming it all.
It felt like it took me hours to rinse the car, but it was likely only a few dozen seconds as I now grew nervous and hurriedly removed the soap from the car so we could leave. Once the car was rinsed I turned the warm stream up allowing the water to rain down on me and rinse myself off. My breasts were now fully firm and my large nipples were super hard and erect.
I stood there exposed for a few final seconds as if I was admiring my work while I was really giving our neighbor his final looks. My husband brought me a towel from the trunk and grabbed my small overnight bag that I always pack for these trips with additional clothes should I need them. I said "thank you" to my husband, nodded at our new friend, and as I dried off I contemplated taking my skirt off and changing into dry clothes in front of this stranger. I lost a little nerve so once dry, I jumped into the front seat and pleaded "let's go" to my husband.
As we pulled out of the bay, I waved goodbye to our new friend, and we headed on our way. I did put on clothes and we tried the burger before we left town, but the events had me so turned on I couldn't wait to get back on the road where my husband's roaming hands could get me off on our drive home.