Brunette on Blonde 06
Aurelia's story
Having examined the holiday from Alex and Rachel's perspectives, it's the turn of the stunning blonde whom all adore but nobody is seemingly willing to allow her freedom.
All participants in sex acts are over eighteen.
Aurelia, the golden girl, was a rare beauty: perfect features on a light brown complexion set off by a mane of blonde hair. Her beauty probably still endures today as timelessly as that of, say, Catherine Deneuve or Nichelle Nichols. She wasn't always as strikingly attractive: as a young child she had been no more than cute. But she had blossomed as a near perfect woman in every respect. So she was constantly the centre of attention, wearingly so. Girls looked up to her as a natural leader, and boys fantasised about her. Many more aggressive males wanted her for their personal possession. They crowded out less assertive males from contact with her. When out in a group she became socially imprisoned in a gilded cage. She didn't want the company of alpha males but she was isolated from others more suited to her temperament
This narrative revolves around a holiday in the 70s when she was eighteen and about to go to university. The holiday would mark her adulthood and a bid for freedom. But it would not be without trials and tribulations. So we must go back to her formative years to understand how she became what she was on that holiday isle.
Her father, Derek had named her Aurelia because she was born with a shock of short golden blonde hair. When young she was pretty but thin. Nevertheless, she attracted the romantic attentions of boys, who wanted to be seen around with her. Some even asked to be her boyfriend. She always refused. Others simply invented stories to brag about her being their girlfriend. It was innocent, child-like bragging, but the growing mystique around her gradually set her apart from other girls. She was popular with the boys, whom she disdained, but treated with reserve by the girls.
Then puberty wrought a wondrous change, which was also to prove a curse. Her childish features soon gave way to a serenely beautiful face. She was soon besieged by aspiring teenage boyfriends, many of whom were disinclined to take no for an answer.
She was her daddy's favourite growing up, which didn't upset her much older brother, Simon, one bit.
Simon, like his father, was handsome. It must have been something in the family genes. There was something Scandinavian in their fair hair and clean complexions. Simon was also clever and sensitive, all qualities to prove attractive to others, but most especially impressionable young women. He had no shortage of female admirers. So he was relaxed with his father's obvious affection for his younger sister, and content to be her protector rather than vying for their parent's affections.
His and Aurelia's paths diverged when he went to senior school, to a prestigious college with a generous endowment. His father was a successful businessman, so the family wanted for nothing. As a boarder, he saw less of his family. His parents had an active lifestyle so did not miss his absence. But Aurelia did. He was her hero, and the male against which she judged all others, and found them falling short. His frequent absences were to affect her acutely. She had grown to depend on him for company when young; then as her hero and protector as she matured. She idolised him, and was proud to be seen with him by her friends.
Her arrival had been a mistake, conceived four years after her older brother. Her parents had careers which pre-occupied their time and left little spare for her. She often had no one to confide in or to guide her. Yet far from going off the rails, she developed a strong sensitivity to others and a well-developed sense of propriety. What weaknesses she may have had were well hidden and of little importance.
Her burgeoning beauty was however proving to be a social impediment. At the age of thirteen when her beauty was blossoming and her admirers becoming insistent, she found herself alone and isolated, even amongst her friends. Girls looked to her as a leader, because of her astonishing looks and poise, though she felt no hubris from that adulation. Her puberty had begun at eleven, with prominent nipples, followed by small mounds. She wore sports-type bras at first. She went to a girls' school with a good academic reputation. So she was set for a golden career like her brother. Academically, she distinguished herself, but in her private life it began to go all wrong.
She was not the first girl in her cohort to develop breasts, but hers when they came were remarkable for both their shape and their beauty. Other girls took little notice at first of Aurelia's developing bust, which was well concealed within her unflattering bras. They had inflicted their merciless teasings on other, early developers. By the time her friends took notice of how Aurelia's body was shaping up, she had already attained an aura as the golden girl.
Her mystique happened almost by accident. When she was fourteen, she was seen by some of her friends in town on a Saturday with her brother Simon. He had travelled some distance home from university for a weekend visit with the family. He had booked himself overnight into a local hotel, intending to entertain one of the town girls who proved so easy to seduce; his parents had not minded that. But he wanted to spend some time on the Saturday with his beautiful sister. So they were seen in the centre of the town, walking arm in arm and chatting quite happily, as devoted siblings would.
The following Monday back at school, Aurelia's friends wanted to know all about her handsome escort. They were no less jealous nor sceptical to hear that he was her brother. Why had they not seen him before?
He was indeed archetypically tall, handsome and attractive. Together they looked an impressive couple. Some girls could not believe that he was her sibling. They already regarded Aurelia with awe, so now placed her on a metaphorical pedestal. She had become a leader without even trying or wanting. Other girls would hang around her, and chatter amongst themselves, yet never stray far from their social fulcrum.
That was a pattern that would later be repeated in mixed social groups, and it would become her social prison.
She was truly a stunner with her luxuriant honey blonde hair, perfect complexion and moderately shapely body. By the time she left school at eighteen, to go on to university, her appearance was peerless. Even the males in her family were taking note. Her father had encouraged a relaxed attitude at home, and seen her - he thought - blissfully unaware of his attention as she walked naked between bedroom and bathroom. He was enchanted by her grace and beauty but protective of her. He would never dare to touch her.
It was at fourteen that more socially confident boys first started taking a proprietary interest in her. Aspiring boyfriends would surround her at social events, displaying an air of entitlement. She found herself progressively being separated from her female friends in mixed gatherings, by a cordon of teenage males, willing to compete for her affections, but physically deterring her from escaping their collective cordon. Her friends began to desert her, thinking her aloof and too ready to revel in her adored status.
They could not have been more wrong.
For Aurelia was that rare thing: a stunning young woman who was also genuinely modest and self-effacing. Beauty to her was not an asset but a curse. She felt no pride in her looks. Her frequent complaints about being the centre of the boys' attention was seen by some of her friends as self-promotion rather than as a cry for help. For wasn't Aurelia an outstanding beauty, who had all the advantages in life? So jealousy of others tinged her relations with her friends.
Her father long ago stopped playing with her on his knee. He was sensitive to his parental responsibilities and disturbed by her growing allure.
Her brother increasingly eyed her when he came home from boarding school for holidays, but he never thought of molesting her. He was proud of his dazzlingly beautiful little sister. And when he went off to university he found other distractions, in beautiful young women who were willing to throw themselves at him, simply to experience his unique physical attributes. He could flirt with them and male love to them whilst his stunning younger sister was too young and out of bounds.
He came home for Aurelia's last summer before university. He had graduated and was due to start a job in the Autumn. For the summer he found work doing gardening jobs and pool maintenance. Their upmarket, leafy Surrey town had plenty of pools with stay-at-home wives with time on their hands willing to exploit a good-looking student.
The Library
Aurelia had finished her final exams early in June and found a temporary job as a stand-in at the local library. They did not mind that she had a family holiday booked in late August. It fitted with their staffs' holiday plans.
A week into the job she was working late, engrossed in sorting books. She had proven a quick learner and was given more complex tasks to do. She felt secure in such a bookish environment. It was non-threatening, even with the odd types who loitered around the reading room. They could not spook her or shake her sense of security. The Chief Librarian, Audrey, was pleased to see her settling in so responsibly.
"How are you enjoying your work Aurelia?"
"Oh, it's quite lovely. Oops, that's not a very literate word. I'm enjoying myself, finding it inspirational working with books. Perhaps I'll choose it as a career - after university?"
"Good for you. I can see you're involved in that task. You've worked hard today. I have to leave now. You can go home too, you know. The job will still be there tomorrow. But if you want to finish it this evening, be a dear and make sure you lock up when you leave."
Aurelia left and locked up an hour later. Her shortest route home took her along a wide, deserted residential street of big old houses with large gardens. A row of them, which were too large now for modern requirements, had been bought up by a property developer and were scheduled for demolition. They were boarded up and largely hidden from view, but Aurelia noticed one that had a full length panel in its barrier broken down, revealing the mansion's façade through the gap. It was a charming if neglected house. She stopped and stared admiringly at its distinctive architecture, imagining what it must have looked like in its heyday.
The summer evening was warm, with a gentle breeze rustling between the leaves, creating a symphony of nature's ethereal voice. She imagined that sound being heard by house's residents a century or more before.
The tree-lined avenue looked deserted. She felt in a world of her own amongst these old houses and their forgotten dreams.
Then her world was thrown into chaos. A huge force seemed to explode against her and propel her bodily into the garden, and into some bushes. Her mind refused to process the horrors that her body could feel.
Some unassailable force was tugging at her light summer clothes. They were being pulled off her body with apparently consummate ease. She felt her bra and panties cutting into her flesh with her struggles, and she was grateful that they were still on her, but for how much longer? She didn't have the strength to fight back. She felt that she must succumb to this unseen violence that she could not as yet comprehend. She cried out helplessly, and could not summon the breath or the energy in her struggles to scream.
She was vaguely aware of a howling. It seemed to break into the maelstrom of her confusion and submerge all else around her. It amplified her terror, if that were even possible. Was the world being consumed by some tsunami of violence? Time slowed down as the sounds clarified into feral howls that stoked her vivid imagination. Was it prowling wolves moving in for a kill, but with strong hands? Her mind could not fully comprehend the horror that her brain cultivated.
Then the situation clarified. The howl was of a hound which had sensed turmoil and come to investigate. The dog could not understand the attack, only that a fragile human was in distress. It continued its alarum, as its brain tried to understand the nature of the threat.
Its arrival had caused an aggressive figure which had been attacking Aurelia to relinquish its grip on her arms and flee.
She was alone with the monstrous hound, which now licked her face and whimpered sympathetically with the passing of the danger. She glanced around her nervously. All was suddenly quiet.
Then a shadow loomed over her. She screamed at last.
"What is it, Bruno? What have you found?
"There, there, dear, everything's fine now. You're safe.
There was something comfortingly reassuring about that voice. She opened her eyes and looked up into a kindly face, framed in white hair and a trimmed grey-white beard. An elderly gentleman was looking down concernedly on her. Her mind was in turmoil, but from a mélange of memories her mind dredged up the strains of an old Strawbs' song, 'Is it today, Lord, that I see you?' She had chosen it whimsically as her funereal anthem. Now her mind summoned it up as a reminder of her peril.
She had assumed herself in the throes of being killed, but she was apparently safe on terra firma.
"Can I help? You've had a nasty shock. Let me see. I'm not going to hurt you. Hm, well, I think you're alright m'dear. I can see your clothes over there. My trusty Bruno saw off your attacker, hopefully before any fouler deed could be committed. He yes, deary me! He got so agitated that I dropped his lead. We were walking down the alleyway across the road. Well, it looks bad but I should say that it could have been much worse.
"He's long gone, the brute. Of course, you must be shocked. Here, let me help you."
The elderly gentleman chattered without expecting any response. He did not want to dwell on the horror and potential consequences of this attack. His words filled the void that might otherwise have been filled with questions or panic. But his eyes were keen, watching for any signs of obvious distress on the young woman.
Aurelia let him fuss over her whilst she gathered her wits. Then she felt able to respond.
"It's OK. I'm alright. No, I don't need help. I just must...get dressed...and I'll go."
The elderly gentleman would have none of that.
"You can't know how you really are, my dear. Goodness me, you've been attacked. You may be in shock. That takes time to sink in. You may want to put a brave face on it but you just don't know how upset you are in your mind.
"Here, let me help you. Here are your clothes.
"That's right, you're presentable again. Now let me take you to a telephone box. We must call this in, if only to protect other young ladies from attack. I promise I'll stay with you until someone from your family can come to take you home. My goodness me, yes, oh dear, you cannot be left alone like this."
He kept up his dithering speech, but his shrewd glances could not be disguised. He held her gaze until she responded with a faint smile.
"Bless my soul, you are a most beautiful young lady. You must be careful not to walk alone in quiet places. It can cause all sorts of dreadful incidents."
She smiled at the kind old gentleman's well-meaning but backhanded compliment. She gave him her home number. Simon took the call, and said that he would come and fetch her.
Simon arrived in their father's car. He hugged Aurelia then stood back and looked her in the face. She was emotionless, immobile. He hugged her again. "I'm here for you Princess. Mum and Dad have gone to London to a concert. I'll be with you until they come home. You're not alone."
He checked that she was alright, then drove her to the local police station. The desk clerk dealt quickly and sympathetically with the report; but since Aurelia had not seen her attacker, nor could remember anything about the person, she was quickly released into her brother's care. That was before the days of rape counselling or compassionate female constables.
Simon took her home. She clung to him, traumatised, making his driving hazardous.
They stood in the hallway of their house.
"What do you want to do?" he asked tenderly. "Would you like a cup of tea, or something stronger?"
Aurelia tried a smile. "I need to wash away the smell, the taste of that horrid man. I need a shower." She gently pushed Simon away from her and walked to the staircase, then paused and turned, shivering. "I don't want to be alone. Will you help me?"
What at any other time would have been an inappropriate request, now seemed plausible, even perhaps sensible.
"What? Er, of course."
They went upstairs, Aurelia clinging to her brother, they tripping on each other's feet on the narrow staircase. Simon understood his sister's need for closeness. Aurelia realised that her request was reckless, and perhaps unfair on her brother, but she was suffering a maelstrom of emotions. She had an urgent need for his physical closeness.
They stood facing each other in the large bathroom, furnished with bath, shower cubicle, drawer units and wicker chairs with padded cushions.
Simon knew that he should not be in there with her, but his sister was oh, so beautiful, and so needing his comfort. No other woman he had ever met came close to matching her beauty. His long-time, mixed emotions had been heightened by his sister's close encounter, and they had resolved themselves into sexual arousal. Perhaps she sensed it and responded with encouragement, or a plea for fulfilment?
She did not move. He assumed that she must mean him to help her into the shower. He considered guiding her into it fully clothed. He feared that she might react to having her working clothes spoiled. He undressed himself first, giving her time to react, perhaps for her to stop him from proceeding. It felt like a reasonable gesture to allay her concerns about her nudity in front of him. But she watched him unseeingly, in a daze. She didn't react when he was naked, then approached, and cuddled her clothed body. He thought,maybe the water will soother her and help to restore her wits?
He undressed her. She lifted her arms to help him remove her top. It was a sign at least of acquiescence. He unclasped her bra, with some difficulty. Her beautiful breasts were unleashed on his fragile defences. They looked oh, so beautiful and captivating. None of his past girlfriends could match her body. When she was naked he tried not to gawp at her physical charms. He could not help his turgid erection, though.
He helped her into the shower and hugged her in the warm steamy atmosphere of the pressure spray. He gallantly kept his eyes averted from her body, but could not ignore the feel of her stunning breasts against his middle. She was at first unresponsive.
Then she came alive as the hot water invigorated her. She appeared to realise for the first time that he was there with her. Would she object to him being naked in the shower with her?
"Will you wash my back?" she mumbled. She had no thought of inappropriateness, only of a need for closeness and expiation. She had tempted a stranger and was suffering the consequences. She blamed herself. Now her brother would cleanse her body and soul.
"Look, sis, this is hard for me. You're so beautiful. It's a big temptation for me."
She didn't appear to hear his words. Her apparently distressed state cut across his train of thought. Maybe she needed his powerful presence, to purge her of her sense of violation?
He obliged her, moaning with provoked arousal as she turned away to let the hot spray wash her front. She and leant back against his body for support.
After a few moments her body shifted, as if she had felt him for the first time. But her bottom then pressed against his groin. That contact was electric. His insides were in turmoil. He leant against the glass shower wall and bent his knees to lower his body. He knew that he should not be doing that, but he was angling his hips to tease his cock between her bottom cheeks. It felt the most convenient place to put it, to ease the pressure on its erection.
Her bottom shifted again to open up her thighs. He knew then what she wanted. He washed her body with gentle caresses of his soaped palms, responding to her accommodating shifts in her body positions. She made her bottom rise and fall against his palms to encourage his massage. He slipped a hand between her parted thighs. She rocked her torso back and forth against the heel of his thumb. Her rising passion obliterated the hurt of her attack. Their naked closeness was just one small, aberrant step on her path to sexual enlightenment and psychological compensation.
Without thinking he rubbed the outer side of his first finger against her vulva. The flaps of her labial lips caressed its shaft. His body trembled. She sensed his finger's pressure and pressed her bottom against his front to confirm his reaction. She turned to face him and raised her hands to the back of his head and pushed herself up on her tiptoes to kiss him. The water splashed around their faces and ran in multiple streamlets off their noses and their upper lips. The water caressed their bodies like sensual riverlets. His hands reached up to her perfect breasts and massaged them. The feel of them sent eddies of desire flooding through his torso.
She cooed with pleasure and kissed him.
"Will you dry me?" she asked, as they stepped out of the shower. She wanted him to touch her body.
He dried every inch of its exquisite contours with a thoroughness that etched on his memory every curve and niche of her sublime anatomy. She stroked his body whilst he dried himself. She felt his frame quivering with passionate excitement, and knew with satisfaction that it was her body that was provoking it. She sighed her pleasure at the confirmation of his appreciation. She was trembling with the immensity of the occasion, her first close encounter with a man's body, and it was her brother's.
"Will you dry my hair?"
She remained naked and fetched the hair dryer from a drawer and motioned for him to plug it in. It was a large bathroom with an armless padded chair to relax on. She pushed him down onto it then straddled him, facing him. Her body was within inches of his. He began to blow dry her golden locks. She used her fingers to separate her clumps of hair. She threw her head backwards to let her hair dangle and untangle itself. She continued to separate the strands and shake her head gently from side to side. Her breasts were raised and rocked from side to side as she gently shook her head. That scene might have made a captivating advertisement for hair shampoo were She not naked, sitting astride her equally naked older brother.
He stared at her perfect breasts and felt his engorged cock slip down her belly then fall between her thighs. She raised her head upright, and straightened her back, which tilted her hips towards him and brought her vulva down firmly on his horizontal shaft. His whole body trembled with intense arousal. He looked her in the eyes. She had a faraway look. Was she really that disengaged from their compromising position?
Satisfied of his arousal she dismounted him and walked to her bedroom, turning to check that his eyes were following her. His eyes obeyed her implicit invitation and he got up to follow her divinely stunning body. They stood facing each other at the end of her bed, naked and admiring each other's bodies afresh.
When she spoke, her voice had a dreamlike tone. "I would only allow a perfect man to see my body. I don't think anyone else will ever match you, Simon."
She stared closely for signs of a reaction. She was afraid of his delayed anger or shame at what they had done. His face was expressionless, but he responded by pulling her body tightly against his and kissing her lips again, more passionately than before. That sublime moment caused him to moan with his helpless devotion to her; and amply betrayed to her his feelings. She felt his moaning vibrate against her lips, and imagined it a tsunami permeating her body with seismic sensual vibrations of arousal.
His moan had been a sigh of resignation at something he knew to be wrong but could not resist. He was sure that she wanted it. He reasoned with himself,if she wants this just as much as me, and she's an adult, why should I deny her?He lifted her up and carried her to her bed.
His strong manfulness made her heart flutter and she feared that she might faint with overwhelming emotion. She looked at him nervously. "Be patient Simon. It's my first time, but I want you to show me how much you love me."
She had decided to surrender her virginity, but at a time when she was at her most vulnerable.
The effect of those words were as a lightning strike inside him. He gasped with delight and desire. But his brain engaged.
"Do you have any protection?"
"No, but what are the chances? I've just had my period."
Simon's girlfriend was a hundred miles away. He had had the best of intentions to exercise sexual abstinence whilst at home. But his sister's unequalled body was too great a temptation to spurn.
He gazed at Aurelia, whose face he had adored since childhood. It now had a maturity at eighteen which added character. She was no longer just his little sister. She was a stunning young woman. He had always loved her to the exclusion of all other women. All his casual girlfriends had been compared with her as the benchmark. All others had been found wanting. Suki had come closest but even she could not compare to, nor compete with his Aurelia.
He had resolutely denied himself the opportunity to exploit their relationship. He knew how other men chased his sister, and how she elegantly held them at bay without crushing their spirits. He loved that about her. To them she was fair game and a sublime prize. To him, she would always be his 'Goldilocks'.
She sat on the bed and shifted her bottom up along the mattress. She lay back and drew up one knee. Slowly, like an opening clam shell, she moved the knee outwards to open up her vulva.
His eyes hovered over her subtle areolae and prominent nipples, her slim waist, and her downy golden bush, before gazing with admiration at her gorgeous, brown labial lips and the deep pink vaginal interior between them. His sister was physical perfection in every respect. He felt privileged at last to have the chance to admire her body to the full.
She was looking up at him expectantly. Her brow was furrowed with the novel physical sensations that were swirling around in her interior. Her insides were burning with a passion for her older brother such as she had never experienced before. The itch in her genitals and the heat in her lower torso were becoming unbearable. Her body wanted them satiated with her brother's ministrations. Her mind had forgotten her earlier trauma, and missed its connection with her present reckless behaviour.
She parted her lips invitingly. That subtle movement galvanised him into motion. The kiss was at first a mere touching of lips. Then her mouth opened and he felt his whole being drawn in to her oral embrace. His head went giddy with desire for his gorgeous sister.
Then self-doubts suddenly assailed him. When he tried to pull his head away, to try to resist his primaeval inclinations, she clung to his neck and pulled her body up to hungrily prolong their kiss and bodily contact. She left no doubt of her determination.
She released his lips. "Make love to me," she murmured, "like only you can. You do love me, don't you?" Her voice rose in tone as she asked, ending in a pleading whimper.
"Of course I do. If you're sure..."
They both knew those words were redundant. They both desperately wanted to consummate their desires for the other. But this courtly wordplay had been designed only to assuage each other of responsibility for triggering this act of incest.
Simon caressed his sister's breasts until she moaned with arousal, which didn't take long. Her body was far more responsive than Suki's. She released her grip on his neck and her upper body sank back gently to rest on the bed. He kissed her mammary mounds delicately, tracing their curves and the slopes to their delightful summits. She let out a tremulous cry as her body responded to his tongue on her swollen nipples. It turned into a long moan as he switched his attention downwards to her lower belly, then to her vulva. Her knees anticipated his tongue's arrival and spread apart to welcome it with her opened pussy lips.
"Come inside me," she pleaded. Fuck me like you do your girlfriends. Make me a whole woman."
That was the moment when his apprehension and his last vestiges of self-control were dispelled. He could always have stopped before a final act of penetration; he might even have brought her to a climax with his tongue and fingers, and avoided that final, illicit act. But her command to him to fuck her removed any doubts about her mindset, and defeated his final resistance. He forced his cock home, insensitive to any virginal obstruction. She gasped aloud with the shock of the discomfort, but clung to him eager for him to continue. She had anticipated pain and accepted it as her rite of passage. And it took very little time for her hormonal forces to energise her body. It felt alive as never before, with the expectancy of her first penis-induced orgasm.
Aurelia's body was easily aroused, and just as easily satisfied by her masturbations. But this was something entirely different and novel. The beginnings of an orgasm began deep within her core. She felt a communion with her beloved brother which surpassed all previous emotions. Her cries of mounting ecstasy sent Simon into an orgasmic frenzy of thrustings. The pressure built up in his lower abdomen to the extent that when his organ finally spasmed, his molten seed blasted his sister's virgin cervix with a ferocity of molten heat that made her shriek with surprise and unalloyed delight. Her body stiffened against his, heightening his own pleasure from his eruption inside her.
Aurelia's heart pounded as she realised what had been unleashed inside her. Furthermore, it had forestalled her own orgasm. She wept with pleasure the experience of a turgid cock filling her insides, but at the same time the disappointment that it had not led to a climax of her own. She suspected that her brain had forbidden any coital climax arising from an incestuous coupling. She felt cheated.
She clung to him nevertheless, pulling his body fully down on top of hers, to smother and cocoon her in his weight and power. Her tears wettened his cheeks and expunged any residual guilt he might have held at plundering his sister's cherry. But her eyes wept for the loss of innocence without any orgasmic gain.
He rolled onto his side to allow her to breathe, and leant over her to kiss her forehead tenderly. "Are you alright now, sis?"
She sighed with relief, then nodded and smiled, her mind in turmoil. It had been a most wonderful demonstration of what true love might feel like; not a sisterly affection for a brother, but seemingly the potential for an ultimate physical communion of two lovers.
But it had not worked. She resolved that it should be the only time they ever made love. She had achieved a critical milestone on the way to adulthood, that of being penetrated by a man, and she had done it with the man she most loved in all the world. Yet she suspected that she could not ever be satisfied by him. She would now put that goal to one side and pursue her other ambitions, for ultimately she hadn't enjoyed it.
Unlike her brother, Aurelia's mind was capable of supreme focus, even perhaps single-mindedness. She was determined to move on from this encounter in a way that he never could. She put her disappointment at its conclusion behind her.
"I needed that, brother. My mind was in turmoil. But it must never happen again. Don't ever mention this to anyone."
It would be her secret, until she chose to reveal it. She felt in control again after the trauma earlier in the day.
But could she maintain her self-control?

~*~*~

At the Burbidges' Pool
It was a week or so since Simon had taken his sister's virginity. Aurelia was lazing in bed on a lovely late July morning. She heard a knocking on her bedroom door. "Come in," she called, knowing it must be Simon. Their parents would have already gone to work.
"Wakey, wakey, lazy bones. It's a lovely day outside and I've got work to do."
"What's that to me?" she asked, sitting up and yawning. She was wearing a vest with thin shoulder straps. Her breasts made the front stand out with her nipples to the fore. Simon had, like her, resolved not to repeat their inaugural tryst. But he could not help looking.
The truth was that he was pleased to discover that she was home, and he craved her company. They had avoided each other when their parents were around, but they missed their social contact. Their easy-going sibling relationship had been compromised and would never again achieve mutual innocence.
He expected Aurelia to be at work that morning. So he was surprised to discover his sister still abed.
"I thought you'd like to help me, since you've nothing better to do."
"It's my day off from the library. Would I get paid?" she asked mischievously. She wasn't really mercenary, and was keen to spend time in her brother's company.
"What? Half of nothing is nothing, or at least hardly worth bothering with. I've got two jobs today. I'm having an early start. I tell you what, pretty yourself up like always and come to the Burbridges' house at twelve. It should be warm and sunny and the tasks there are no hardship."
Aurelia knew of the Burbridges but had never been invited to their home. Rumours were that they were swingers who regularly held parties in their large, palatial house and exclusive grounds. Simon had told her that the Burbridges both worked in high-powered jobs in The City's square mile. Aurelia was intrigued to see what their mansion looked like.
She set off fifteen minutes earlier than she needed, with a packed lunch for them to share carried in a shoulder bag. She had selected a loose sleeveless top, shorts and sandals with a bikini beneath. It was a long walk in the hot sun and she was soon sweating. Simon's suggestion that she come and help him had excited her. Would he let her swim in their pool if the owners weren't there, she wondered? She suspected that he didn't need any help, and that her brother's motives were purely social.
They had kept their distance since that first physical liaison. Aurelia intended to keep it that way. She had not dressed to seduce him, but she could not prevent herself from looking alluring. She felt alive with the joys of summer and determined to enjoy her last few weeks of freedom before academia beckoned.
The residential streets were quiet, with their residents hard at work or in school. This town was part of the 'stockbroker belt' of large houses afforded by plump City of London salaries.
Aurelia was normally careful with her outfits not to draw unwanted attention to herself. But on this fine day she regretted that there was no one to observe her unsupported breasts bouncing teasingly under her thin top and minimalist bikini bra as she walked the residential streets. It felt sensuous and daring.
She arrived at the long, tall gates. She had passed by the Burbridges' property before and wondered what lay behind the long expanse of walls, tall hedges, and high wooden gates. There was a bell push inset into one of the brick gate pillars. She rang it and waited. Getting no reply she assumed that the occupants were indeed at work and that her brother must be working in the garden. She pushed at a heavy gate. It swung open on well-oiled hinges.
The house was a large Edwardian property with gabled roof lines, an impressive frontage, and a deep porch sheltered under a grand portico.
As she walked up the compacted gravel drive, she had visions of dissolute parties of sexy, mature adults cavorting around in bikinis and briefs in the secluded grounds. Sex had been much on her mind since that first time with her brother. She felt her pussy tingle deliciously. Her best intentions were being challenged by the heady sense of occasion.
She arrived at the front door of the house and surveyed its surroundings. There was a single storey, double door garage to the right with a wall beyond with no obvious opening in it. On the left hand side set back from the front line of the house, she glimpsed another wall mostly screened by a variety of specimen trees and tall shrubs planted randomly but so closely together that they formed a continuous screen when viewed from the front. A curved path of crazy paving led off the main driveway and disappeared amongst the bushes.Follow the yellow brick road, she thought. That begged the question what she would find at the other end.
The path meandered between the tall shrubs and ornamental trees to a hidden gate in the wall.
The garden setting was tranquil but her body was nothing like so relaxed. Her heart was pounding. She might only be visiting her brother at his work, but the occasion felt far more significant. Would spending time with him now just be a dalliance or another stage in their changing relationship?
The attention to detail in the expansive, landscaped front garden over-awed her. It was an expression of wealth beyond her cloistered imagination. Her parents were prosperous, but nowhere near on this ostentatious scale.
She lifted the latch to the side gate and it opened. It, too swung with an opulent ease that belied its size and weight. Beyond, she caught her first glimpse of another, even more beautifully landscaped garden straight out of Homes and Garden magazine. Its distant border shrubs and ornamental trees enclosed a natural valley that gave the grounds the impression of immense scale. The garden was southern-facing with a deep, paved terrace wrapped around the side and rear of the house, with steps off the terrace cut into a slope leading down to a lower lawn and a large in-ground pool. A brick built summer kitchen adjoined the pool patio.
About thirty feet away from her, standing on the margelles of the far side of the pool, was Simon, holding a long-handled skimming net in his hands. He had been scooping floating leaves from the pool into a wheelbarrow. Her big brother was naked. The pool surround was clear, but for a towel spread out on the poolside flagstones.
Her stomach lurched and her heart fluttered at sight of his magnificent, naked body. His physique looked truly magnificent, and could be very well appreciated from this distance. She noted that there were no tan lines at his hips. She wondered whether his clientele encouraged such nudity. Images of a bored housewife came to mind, lounging by the pool, sipping on cocktails and admiring his tall, strong, naked body through mirrored sunglasses. It would not surprise her to learn that he was servicing other men's wives beside their pools.
Simon saw her and posed with one hand on his hip, and the other holding the skimming net pole upright like Neptune with his trident. His cock rose in erotic salute to his sister. Aurelia stared, gob-smacked at her brother. She had been too shy and flustered to look closely his body on their first sexual encounter. She could now appreciate it from a distance in its entirety. He was an Adonis, with a tanned muscular body. He was also hung like a stallion. Suki was a lucky lady. Aurelia's tingling got stronger as she imagined them writhing nakedly on the ground. She felt suddenly faint with powerful eddies sweeping through her body.
He smiled at her, unabashed at his undressed state, and waved her to come over. "Aurelia, hi, come and join me."
She walked towards him in a daze. This encounter with her own brother seemed unreal, in these unfamiliar surroundings. She glanced around her cautiously, as if eyes might be staring at her from every bush.
As she neared him he grinned. "I'm so glad to see you, but you're a tad early. You've caught me in my working gear. Do you like?"
"Oh, brother! Isn't it a bit daring?"
"Not particularly, the Burbridges have gone on holiday. They gave me a remote control for the gate. I disabled it so you could get in, but that was to have been in fifteen minutes' time. I see you couldn't wait to see me. Care to join me in worshipping this glorious sunshine."
"I would indeed, dear brother, but I planned ahead and have a bikini."
"I would expect nothing less, or do I mean more? Well show it to me."
He was naked, she was clothed, yet her heart was pounding as she removed her shorts. Her bikini was orange, with low slung hipster panties that just about covered the top of her pubic hair, and her bottom cheeks. His acute stare made her body quiver. She suddenly felt uncertain about coming to see him. Did she want a repetition of that first liaison? Her body definitely yearned for it, but her brain did not.
"And the top." Her brother was staring at her intently. She imagined his gaze like a laser beam, burning away at her flesh under her clothing.
With butterflies in her tummy, she lifted her top up and off her head to reveal the bikini bra. Simon growled at her trim body and plump rounded breasts. His reaction made her clasp her arms protectively across her breasts.
"Why did you make that sound?"
"Because that bikini leaves very little to the imagination. Here am I naked. You deliberately came early to catch me like this. You wore a bikini, designed to slay any red-blooded male. I just wanted you to know that that orange handkerchief cut up into two tiny triangles hides almost nothing of your sexy breasts from me. He casually lifted his cock horizontally as it reached its peak. He tapped its underside so that it bounced repeatedly. She knew that his burgeoning erection was in response to her bikini body. She was flattered. He was also proudly flaunting his dick at her.
Aurelia felt a spasm of pleasure arc inside her belly . She loved her brother, and she liked the idea of teasing him, but she had never intended that their relationship should become sexual. The first time he had taken her was on the back of a traumatic experience when she was seeking distraction. She was in full possession of her state of mind now and wanted only to tease him. She wanted him to desire her, but to be left wanting.
She advanced towards him, consciously tilting her hips sinuously as she walked, her breasts pushed out and volatile within her bikini top. She felt her nipples straining to escape their confines. They felt hard and raw from the friction of their bounce against the bikini material. She wanted to pull the triangles aside from her breasts if only for relief, but she knew that would be inappropriate.
Simon stared lustily up and down her body as she approached. He knew that his gaze would either arouse or intimidate her. He was comfortable enough in his self not to care which. She was so close now that he could feel the heat radiating from her body. He succumbed to the temptation to touch her. So he was surprised to discover his body plummeting into the pool instead. He surfaced and saw Aurelia giggling at her audacity.
She plunged into the pool after him. They fought a mock wrestling battle whilst treading water; each successively pushing their body upwards in the water to plunge back on top of the other. This was a throwback to their childhoods and innocent games of jeopardy and fun, except that her brother's hard erection now kept prodding her body.
Aurelia was loving it. But suddenly she gasped and sought to right herself with her feet on the bottom of the pool. She had realised that something was missing.
"You've taken my bikini top. You monster. Where is it?"
He laughed. "It was an accident. Look, there it is floating just over there." He indicated the surface of the water behind him.
"Give it to me."
"It's waterlogged. I think it might sink. I shall have to rescue it and pluck it from danger in the water."
With that he pounced on the skimpy top and held it aloft, squeezing the water out of it.
"Gimme," she demanded.
He offered it to her. She swam towards him gratefully and made a grab for it.
With consummate ease he pulled back his arm and sent the miniscule ball of material sailing through the air to the margelles.
She pushed her body up in the water and pounced on him again, pushing his head below the surface under her body. She felt his bulk pushing upwards from beneath her and propelling her body backwards. His naked flesh brushed against her exposed breasts. She swooned at the naughty, sensual feel of its naked contact.
It was a momentary blackout, but when she came to her senses he was holding her against him. Her legs were raised and parted. Her inner thighs rested on his hips. She was later to remember it differently. She would not want to acknowledge that her brother was sexually assaulting her. But his huge, rock hard cock was pressed upwards hard against her panty-clad groin and bare tummy.
"Are you assaulting me with an offensive weapon?" she spluttered through a faceful of water.
"Don't be so disparaging," he chided her, "it's a family heirloom."
She giggled. "Your heirs won't think much of it when you're gone."
He agreed. "Yes, it should be bequeathed to medical science for preservation. But I should make full use of it whilst I can. Is it not a magnificent specimen, little sister?"
Her mind was going haywire. The close proximity of his cock flustered her. It was like a magnet to which her hand felt intense attraction. She was unable to resist its pull. She surrendered to temptation and fisted his cock, disregarding her good intentions. She watched in amazement as he groaned, and trembled, knowing that she was having that effect on him. They had bounced their way along the bottom and were now standing in shallow water. His cock floated thickly on the surface of the water, and seemed to expand in size within her grasp. Then the sensation in her hand became a surge of tremors as cum washed over her stomach, warmer than the surrounding water. Her mind was in a daze of confused images and sensations. Simon had orgasmed in her hand.
She felt as if she was in a dream, divorced from reality. The feeling of something unyielding scraping her outer thighs dragged her back to reality. Her brother was kneeling in the water, tugging her panties down her legs. She tried to resist him but he pushed her backwards towards deeper water so that her body fell back horizontally and her legs came to the surface. Her bikini bottom did not follow her body though, and came off her feet. She watched helplessly as he hurled the miniscule garment in the general direction of her top.
She turned and swam away from him, hoping that was the end of the game. He followed her, and they frolicked in the warm water under that wide and experienced sun that had probably seen far worse that summer. She forgot her nudity.
They must have played for maybe twenty minutes. She was relieved that she had avoided a difficult situation, and was having fun with her brother. Then their bodies pressed against each other in a moment of sheer mutual elation. She felt his new erection pressing against her body. His powers of recovery were impressive, though she suspected that her naked body may have had something to do with it.
They were near the shallow end again. They stood up in unison in the water and stared at each other. A pivotal point in their play had been reached. He bent his knees and kissed her engorged nipples. She felt his hands cup her breasts and squash them together into a deep cleavage. His touch was irresistible. She could have resisted, of course, but she wanted to feel his hands explore her body.
And all her best intentions drifted away under the tender assault of his hands on her tits.
"Yes, play with them," she pleaded, "it feels so good."
"Oh sister, I've wanted to do this for so long. It isn't like before. - I couldn't enjoy it then. - But your body is so beautiful and sexy. It drives me wild. I can't help it. I can show you how to use it. Let me be your teacher."
He tugged gently on her hands to persuade her to lie back on the steps. She leant on her elbows, the buoyancy of the shallow water helping to support her body. He leant over her and kissed her. She allowed it for a few blissful moments then her reason was restored and she pushed him off her and stood up. The water cascaded from her body, leaving it shining with reflected sunlight. Every perfect contour was heightened by burnished highlights and beguiling shadows. She was truly the most beautiful women he had ever set eyes on, but she was his sister. Life wasn't fair.
He watched her captivatedly as she mounted the pool steps and stood on the surrounding margelles, stretching and willing the sun to dry her glistening body. Her brother gazed after her, at her naked body gleaming with water.
"Aurelia...," he pleaded, reticent about finishing his plea.
She reached for the towel and dabbed her body. "We mustn't do that. You're my brother. Play only goes so far, then it becomes serious. It was a mistake before. I have to trust you and rely on you to protect me. You had me before. Let that serve as a pleasant memory. It's one thing to be naked together, but quite another to screw each other."
His face showed his frustration. "But I've savoured your sweet body before, and I can't get you out of my mind. I haven't been with another woman for months. There's nothing to distract me from my longings for you. It's a punishment to deny me, Aurelia."
"We can't; I can't. I should go home."
She slipped on her bikini and her summer clothes and left the garden, leaving him with the bag with the packed lunch.
She hurried home, again working up a sweat. Her mind was in turmoil. She knew that she had inflamed her brother's passion. She had even wanted to tease him, to prove her hold over him. She despised other men's lustful attentions, but her brother's mattered to her. But she knew it had been wrong the first time and should not be repeated.
Safely back at home, her clothes drenched in sweat, she ran upstairs and showered. She lingered under the water's warm embrace. Try as she might, she could not expunge the sight of her brother's naked body from her mind.
She wrapped a towel around her body and headed for her bedroom feeling empty and bereft. She was not normally given to masturbation but that day she intended to make an exception.
Simon was stood waiting for her in her room. He was again naked.
"I tried to put you out of my mind. But I couldn't. I know you wanted me. I was too impatient. I should have been gentler with you. But you inflame my passion, Aurelia. No woman will ever be able to compete with you for my affections."
He approached her slowly as he spoke. She was rooted to the spot, unable to react to this fresh advance. He pulled the towel away from her body. She scarcely noticed it's going. Her eyes were only for her brother's body. She knew how much other women lusted after him. He would win first prize in any male desirability competition. She should be flattered - she was. So why should she resist him? What was the point of good intentions when they hurt others?
He lifted her and carried her to the bed. The feel of her naked body in his arms thrilled him. He laid her down on the bed and kissed her lips. She responded by seizing his cock, now rampantly enlarged again, giving him the signal he craved. He kissed his way across one nipple to the other, then down her belly to her pubic area. She sighed at the gentle caress of his lips on her body. Any resistance she might still have mounted melted away.
"Will it always be like this?" she murmured dreamily.
"We will always desire each other. There's no point denying it. Enjoy it."
Then he was inside her. The feeling of his thick cock was all-consuming. She knew that she would always love her brother and forgive him his compulsive sex drive. There was no point fighting it.
He coaxed her loins towards paradise in ecstasy with gentle thrusts that caressed her vaginal walls into releasing the hormones that would bring her to ultimate climax. Her total involvement in her brother's love-making took her out of her mortal existence to another plane of mental awareness. She did not just love her brother, she adored him above all else. Yet again, though, her mind intervened and compromised her bodily responses. It refused to follow the path of her emotional state. She failed again to orgasm.

~*~*~

Aurelia went to work the next day in a mental daze. Her mind was pre-occupied with her sexual conundrum. The Chief Librarian had to prompt her out of her daydream several times. She liked Aurelia, like the daughter she had never had. Audrey was a lonely single woman whose work was her life. Aurelia was now part of her project. As the day drew to a close she took Aurelia to one side.
"What is it, sweetie. You seem distracted. Where is your spirit?"
The question had been meant rhetorically. But Aurelia broke down in tears. Audrey took her to the staff room and comforted her. She made her a pot of tea and left her to relax and recover her mood. Aurelia was still there when the library closed.
"Why don't you go home, dear. Tomorrow is another day, I'm sure you'll feel better."
"I can't go home. I can't face it."
"Why even not?"
"It reminds me of something - something distressing. "
Audrey didn't question her further, merely surmising that affairs of the heart might be involved.
"You have to go home some time, Aurelia. But why don't I take you somewhere quiet for an hour or so, where you can talk to me? It might make you feel better to get it off your chest. I may understand far more than you expect."
She drove Aurelia to a quiet country pub for a drink and a chat. She found a secluded corner bounded on one side by a large open brick fireplace and bought them both drinks, then asked, "What is it that's disturbed you so?"
Aurelia only felt able at first to tell her about the attack on the street a couple of weeks before. But once she got talking, she couldn't stop. When she had finished, Audrey stared at her almost in disbelief. Attempted rape and incest were the last things she would have expected of this quiet, polite, sincere and moral young woman.
Aurelia looked at her, seeking a reaction, fearful of what it might be. "Are you shocked?"
"Well, yes I am. I can't deny that. It's not that I haven't heard such things before; deary me, no. Rather, it's hearing it from you. You are such a polite, gentle and sweet girl. You've had a couple of very traumatic events that have obviously upset you. It's beyond my personal experience, but certainly not my comprehension. I do know about the female body, and something of its mind. I read Cosmopolitan and Germaine Greer."
Aurelia grimaced. "You seem so straight-laced."
"That's as maybe, but my intellect has not been dulled by celibacy. I thought at one time of counselling but my relative lack of personal experience of life deterred me. I have read about male urges. To tell you the truth, I have even masturbated to thoughts of them. But not every woman must have sex with men in their lives. I think I may be able to help you. Shall we have another drink?"
Aurelia's face showed interest, perhaps even optimism. She looked around the pub bar, which was now filling up. "I'd rather go somewhere quiet."
Aubrey smiled. "I know just the place."
They sat in the library's reading room on two comfortable easy chairs. Aubrey had made two cups of hot chocolate and purchased two Kitkats from the coin-operated vending machine in the foyer.
"I'm no shrink, nor a feminist. Yet I feel as if I can understand your problem. You are a devastatingly beautiful young woman. I can well imagine men lusting after you. And it can amount to an oppression when they press themselves on you. You trusted your brother to take care of you. But he proved too weak to resist your charms. You wanted that intimacy even though your mind probably believed it to be wrong. You did not mention the word incest. It may surprise you to learn that it is more common than you might think.
"I don't stand in judgement on people who have succumbed to such relationships. Human emotions can frequently break down moral barriers. I don't even think it is necessarily wrong between consenting adults, although there are always biological risks with any such progeny. I would rather people took proper precautions in such circumstances. You see, the mind is capable of infinite variety of thought and action. We are none of us automatons.
"Yet I do believe that deep down you - you, Aurelia - may think it wrong. You let your body rule your decisions but you probably still found sex with your brother ultimately unacceptable. So your mind refused to allow you to achieve an orgasm. If that is the case, you know what you must do in future. Do not let that experience cloud your future though. You clearly like men, as indeed do I, but you have not yet found one that meets your high expectations. That is all to the good. You will take care not to fall into any trap through inexperience. Bide your time until the right man comes along.
"There, that's enough of clichés."
Aurelia stared at Audrey thoughtfully. She had a burning question.
"Have you ever had sex with a woman?"
Audrey's eyes widened. Her mind raced ahead of Aurelia's question to its probable source.
"I was unfortunate enough to meet several men in turn who assumed that I would be desperate for sex. One even said that I would end up a frustrated spinster. Maybe he was right. The fact is that I have not yet met a man who was considerate of my feelings. But who knows? One day he may spring out and surprise me.
"Now, your family will be expecting you home. You shouldn't give them more cause for worry. I hope to see you tomorrow morning with a smile on your face and one of your many songs in your heart."
Aurelia hugged her, deriving great comfort from this worldly wise but bodily innocent older woman.

~*~*~

Aurelia went on the pill after that, but she was determined nevertheless, henceforward never to allow a man to have her, until she was ready to commit to him emotionally. She decided that no man she had yet known could match her brother's prowess or entitlement to her body. Simon's girlfriend would now be coming on the family holiday. At least that would distract him from further lusting after her.
She felt that a pilot light had been ignited in her interior, that would never go out now. It would undoubtedly spark arousal at inopportune moments of daydreaming about her brother. She must avoid giving way to temptation again.
Simon understood his sister's vulnerability. For the next few weeks he maintained a physical distance from her which she gratefully acknowledged, allowing just frequent sisterly kisses on the cheek in passing, and no more. Simon kept a close eye on her after that, even accompanying her to town to meet up with their respective friends. His mates enjoyed being in her vicinity but never dared to approach her uninvited, particularly with Simon as her evident protector. Her girl friends basked in her reflected glory and sometimes benefited from the attention of Simon's friends. For a pleasant few weeks Aurelia was able to live a near normal life without the hassles of aspiring Romeos.
~*~*~

Aurelia doubts herself
Aurelia knew that this would probably be the last family holiday. Simon would probably settle down with Suki now that they had graduated, and move away in search of a career and a new life. Aurelia hoped that she could escape from her beauty-induced isolation on home ground, at least for two weeks. She had the not-unreasonable expectation that she might meet more mature men at university who would not pursue her with the same vigour as adolescent males. But she was going to the Sorbonne, so she would have an entirely different, French brand of male ardour to cope with.
She knew what to expect from holiday camps although the family had not been to one for several years, usually preferring cottages in the Lake District and Devon. But Simon had pressed for summer sun further south. A distant British holiday isle the other side of the Channel did look enticing. This was when the Spanish Costas were beginning to be accessible with package holidays, but Aurelia's family were not yet ready for such a culture shock.
The flight had taken just over an hour, and a coach had transferred them from the airport to the camp. Heyday Holidays Park certainly had a more exotic feel to it than say, Blackpool or Brighton.
Simon, Suki and Aurelia stood on the clifftop staring out at the sea far below through a wide gap in the surrounding cliff. The unique unmistakable whisper of the waves from afar piqued their excitement. Simon and Suki wanted to head straightaway down to the beach for a first swim. Aurelia did not want to be the gooseberry that got in their way, so she declined.
Within minutes she was surrounded by a gaggle of youths and girls of roughly her own age who appeared to have drifted over from a nearby clifftop shop. Their leader was a tall, handsome young man whose posture suggested that he knew he was attractive. His first words were, "Welcome to Heydays. Are you alone?"
She felt all eyes watching her, and wilted inside under their collective gaze. She suddenly wished that shewasalone. For she had experienced such over-powering attention before.
She had hoped just for once not to stand out, just to be accepted as one of the group. She tactfully disengaged from conversation with the ring-leader and talked to a few of the girls. Gradually though, she felt the girls being squeezed out by young men who appeared determined to flirt with her. And so the story of her life was resuming its predictable pattern.
The next morning, Sunday, she caught a bus into the main town of the island, to get away from stifling companions and to be by herself. She centre of the small town. It was relaxing to get away from the febrile atmosphere of young adults on holiday, trying to impress with behaviour they would not dare at home. Her blissfully solitary sojourn was destroyed when she returned to the holiday camp, the reality of her new entourage hitting her as an inevitability.
She went on the bus again on the Monday, but by then the town had lost its novelty. She returned to the camp at lunchtime, and to the swarm of young adults that treated her like a queen bee. She knew only too well just what an isolated life a queen bee had.
It was Tuesday before she noticed a pretty brunette girl towards the periphery of a subordinate group of girls. The brunette looked bored. Their eyes met. The men surrounding Aurelia closed ranks for a few minutes. It was a while before the bodies parted, leaving a gap. The brunette was still looking in her direction. That brief encounter would in time change both their lives.
The brunette had an attractive figure, shapely with large breasts. She was attracting some interest from one or two of the lesser males but she did not show any interest. Her eyes were constantly on the move, subtle darting movements that might be missed were one not studying them. She noted all the situations unfolding around her with a keenly appraising interest.
Aurelia's attention was drawn to her again on the beach, this time in a tiny multi-coloured bikini. The brunette's body was chunky, but firm, with strong arms and legs and a sexy bottom. But that bust was something else, two plump breasts that, pleasingly had the slightest of hangs in the light material of the bikini top. More males in the group were taking an interest in the brunette now. Aurelia found herself getting excited by the brunette's exposed body, the way her torso shrank to a narrow waist, then flared out into hypnotic hips. The expression on her face was acerbic though, which deterred some. Her contempt for the group dynamics was obvious and unsettling.
Later that afternoon when the swarm had moved back up to the unoccupied games green, a scuffle broke out amongst some of the more assertive young men. Aurelia found herself alone, a most pleasing interlude. Her heart leapt when the brunette approached her and spoke to her. Her first words struck to the heart of Aurelia's perennial problem and enraptured her.
"Hi, I'm Rachel. You finally have some space. Care to talk?"
Aurelia could have sung out loud with joy, but she merely smiled and agreed.
"Let's go for a walk, whilst the men are pre-occupied."
Both understood the situation without any further words being necessary. Yet it was a prime topic for discussion.
Rachel asked her, "Why do you put up with it?"
Aurelia's angst came out in a torrent of words, the most she had spoken in weeks.
"What else can I do? You'd think any woman would love to be admired for her looks. It isn't so, not at least as far as I'm concerned. I've been followed by men since my mid-teens. There's a particular type of male who seeks a trophy girlfriend, to be seen with by their friends so that they can brag about it afterwards. The problem is that they don't want any competition from other males. It gets to the point at times where they compete, not to have me to themselves, but to prevent others from having me.
"It gets so bad at times that I avoid places where predatory men hang out. But other girls sometimes don't want to be seen with me because they see me as competition. Who will give them a second glance when the 'gorgeous' blonde is available?
"The only time I get any peace is when there are no men around, like in a female changing room, where we can all act naturally together. It all makes me so depressed. Sometimes I just want to be on my own."
Their walk brought them to Rachel's deluxe chalet that she shared with her aunt. She invited Aurelia in, to have a drink from the built-in drinks' fridge.
Aurelia was impressed with the chalet room's size, its ensuite bathroom, and the extra furnishing and fittings. She observed wryly for comparison, "I've got a double room in the hotel. The bathroom is down the end of a corridor."
"You've got a room to yourself?"
"Luckily. My parents booked two adjoining chalets, then my older brother and his girlfriend wanted to come with us. So they took my chalet, and I got a spare room in the hotel. It's poky, so I don't like spending time there. The standard chalet wasn't much to sing about either."
Rachel pulled a full-sized, almost full bottle of vodka out of the fridge, which looked far too small to accommodate it. Rachel noted Aurelia's surprise and nodded. "Yeah, we had to drink a ton of miniatures of rum and whisky to make room for it."
They giggled. The alcohol quickly made Aurelia light-headed, but it also revived her mood. Rachel was obviously shy but intelligent, and her body was oh, so sexy. That discovery disturbed Aurelia but she wanted to see more. Out of the blue she asked with a nervous giggle, "Show me your clothes."
Most girls don't have the hang-ups of young men about being naked together. But these two did, for similar reasons. Aurelia could see an unspoken thought flash across Rachel's expression but then it was gone and she smiled.
Rachel opened the wardrobe and showed her clothes, on the left-hand side. Aurelia's eyes roved wider. "What about those sexy items there?"
"Oh, those are my aunt's. She came here hoping to snare a man, whether as a boyfriend or just for sex, I can't say. She doesn't mind showing off her body, and she has clothes to match her aspirations. I doubt that she'll get to wear most of them now.
"I wouldn't touch them, but you can try on some of mine."
All of Rachel's clothes showed off her body, from miniskirts and strappy tops, to tight tee shirts, skimpy shorts and tight jeans.
"You have some pretty clothes. Most of them show off your body quite a lot. Do you like to do that?"
"Ha ha, well spotted. I came here on a mission: to attract men. You don't have to try, I do. Plus, I feel sexy in tight and skimpy clothes."
Aurelia eyed the bikini Rachel had worn on the beach. "Can I try that on? No, you first. I want to see you in it again; then me. I need to tell you something."
Rachel stripped off confidently, having already been nude in front of her brother, aunt and the window cleaner at home. Aurelia was more tentative. Only her father and brother had seen her without clothes on and she was not a natural exhibitionist.
Rachel put on the bikini. They then stood side by side in front of a full length mirror, Aurelia in her underwear, Rachel in her bikini. Aurelia's eyes dimmed to slits with a sudden passion at the sight of Rachel's sexy naked body.
"Goodness me, look at those tits. They look fabulous in there. Can I feel them?"
Rachel simply shrugged. Aurelia moved behind her and cupped the brunette's breasts in the bikini top.
"Oh," she murmured, "that feels nice."
"Yes. Would you like to feel them au naturel?"
Aurelia inhaled deeply. Rachel untied the top and pulled it away from her bust. Aurelia looked over Rachel's shoulder and looked in the mirror. Her hands went back to Rachel's mesmerising breasts and this time explored the brunette's stiff nipples. Rachel gasped.
"That feels so good. Are your breasts sensitive as well? Do you ever play with them?"
Aurelia was trembling. It was a new experience to be touching another naked woman. She was finding herself curiously aroused. Rachel's breasts were exciting to touch and explore. She suspected why, and the realisation frightened her.
Rachel let her explore them freely, a beatific expression on her face. She gave a nervous laugh.
"That does feel nice, but my goodness Aurelia, your body's stunning. There's no comparison. You truly are a most gorgeous woman."
Aurelia dismissed the compliment. "Here, let me try it on."
She looked at herself in the bikini and stole repeated glances at Rachel's nude figure. "It looks good, but it isn't a patch on the effect it has on you. I don't usually pay any attention to people who compliment me on my body, but I feel good hearing you say it. Your body is different - its simply sexy. Your breasts are large without being gross. You have a very enticing figure. I can see why the boys have been stealing glances at you."
Rachel stared at her, weighing her up. "Is that what you wanted to tell me, that I'm sexy?"
Aurelia giggled with embarrassment. "Yes, of course. You couldn't really hide it inyourclothes, and especially not in that bikini. But you don't give the impression that you feel like that. It's nice that you're so unassuming - in a showy way. I might say you're an outrageously immodest body clothing a modest mind."
Rachel was suddenly thoughtful. "How perceptive. Then why have the men not been chasing me the way they do you?"
"Two things. Firstly, perhaps when I'm around, I'm sorry to say. But secondly, your face has an expression of disdain that would put off all but the most determined of men. You share my contempt for posturing peacocks and other hopefuls. The only difference is that I don't show it, you do. It puts men off, in different ways. Yet you wear 'come hither' clothing?"
Rachel raised her eyes to heaven as if in admission of a guilty secret. "Yes, I know they're all vampish clothes. But I came here to get laid -"
"What!"
"Yes, my aunt's idea. Sex means nothing to her, never has. She got laid as soon as she was old enough. Men hung around her like flies. She was - still is - overtly sexy and attractive. She had a bad experience at university that led to a court case. She wanted me to avoid going to university whilst still a naïve virgin. She insisted that I get that first occasion of sex out of my system here on holiday, so that I could go to university as an 'experienced' woman."
She emphasised the 'experienced' with her two index fingers mimicking quotation marks in the air.
Aurelia asked sombrely, "Do you think you will?"
"I don't know. I want to - I think - but I'm afraid of it - of the sex, I mean. Are you a virgin?"
Aurelia had been thinking the same question about Rachel. With them both standing there naked, it felt an opportune moment to confide in her new friend. She told Rachel of her two encounters with Simon ending with her own big revelation.
"I think he's the most handsome man I've ever seen. I never fancied him in a sexual way, though, until that incident with the rapist. I think I unintentionally seduced him though, wanting him to hold me. He even tried to resist fucking me. Then after I provoked him by a customer's pool, he came home looking for me in a high state of arousal. I let him have me. But I didn't have an orgasm. I'm sure my mind achieved a state of ecstasy, but my body wouldn't let me have an orgasm. It left me wondering..."
Rachel stood beside Aurelia in front of the mirror. They looked at each other's reflections. Rachel lifted a hand to cup Aurelia's nearer breast. She flicked her thumb against the nipple. Aurelia panted with arousal. Her voice was strained.
"How did you know about that?" she croaked.
"The look you gave me when you saw my breasts. Your expression was how I feel about your body. I think your breasts are perfect. Look at them compared to mine."
Aurelia's breasts were indeed remarkably beautiful, like a top swimwear model's perfection. They were quite firm and rounded. They also hung together with a natural cleavage and pointed tips. She cupped them and twisted her waist to view them from either side. "They aren't as big as yours. Nor do they bounce as much. I like the way yours hang slightly but your nipples point upwards from your boobs. They feel heavy and sexy. I can see why men lust after you."
Rachel looked at both their bodies. "I thought I'd lost my puppy fat, yet I still look heavier than you. Your hips are stunning. Even your bottom is perfect."
Aurelia shook her head gently. "Your breasts are sexier. Men must drool over them." She cupped one of Rachel's breasts again. The touch proved too much for Rachel to withstand and she turned and kissed the blonde impulsively. The blonde's body went rigid for a few moments, then relaxed. She let the kiss have its effect.
She slid her hands down Rachel's hips, looking her in the eyes for any signs of resistance. Seeing none, she slipped a finger between Rachel's thighs to locate her clitoris. The brunette's body jerked on clitoral impact.
They moved side by side again to resume studying each other's body in the mirror. Rachel studied her trimmed brown pubic hair, and stroked it. Then she turned and ran her fingers through Aurelia's bushy blonde jungle. She chuckled.
"You have lovely blonde pubes, but that forest could do with a trim."
The blonde gasped. She put out a hand to push Rachel's away, but paused as she felt the effect internally of that touch. She laid her hand on top of Rachel's instead.
"Who says it needs trimming?"
"Aunt Penny. She says that men don't like to wade their tongues through a jungle. They like pubic hair to be neatly trimmed so that their tongues can get at the goods."
Aurelia felt her friend's finger penetrate her bush and locate her clitoris. Her body bucked involuntarily. Her thighs were quivering. She realised why, but still did not want to admit it.
Rachel smiled. "I know where to find it. Your first proper male lover may not. At least make it easier by clearing the jungle."
Aurelia turned to face Rachel and mumbled, "Would you trim it? I don't know how."
Rachel said that her Aunt Penny had done it to her and explained what it entailed. She led Aurelia to the bathroom and instructed her to lie on the tiled floor.
It was cool at first but soon warmed to Aurelia's body.
"Better here than hairs on the sheets," said Rachel.
Aurelia felt her heart pumping furiously as her new friend snipped away at her blonde curls. Having those delicate feminine fingers so close to her sex was arousing her more than she could have imagined. Her mind was now explicitly asking the question that she dreaded.Am I a lesbian?It was such a shock to her since she had never entertained the possibility.
Her body bucked, as if in response to her silent question. She raised her head sharply when she felt Rachel's fingers brush her clitoris. The trimming had been such a sensual torment for her that she asked hopefully, "Is it finished?"
Rachel chuckled. "I've only just started. I've cleared your forest, so I can now see your lovely vulva. You have gorgeous lips. But there's stubble which needs to be pruned into a pretty shape. It's virtually invisible, but a tongue would find it instantly. To clear that I need a razor."
Aurelia trembled at the prospect of a sharp blade against her tenderest of body parts. But after some minor resistance she let her friend continue.
Rachel promised her, "All you'll feel is a sense of pleasure. I will create a beautiful triangle of hair that will enhance the beauty of your pussy and make men drool."
Aurelia hoped that shaving her pudenda might somehow make things alright. "Will men want to look down there?"
Rachel looked her in the eyes. "If you don't mind me saying so, for a woman who's lost her virginity, you still have a lot to learn."
They both laughed again, but for Aurelia, it was forced.
The next few minutes for her were a torment of mixed feelings and sensations. Rachel's touch was sensitive and careful, yet she had to use her fingers to track the fine, minute blonde stubble. Aurelia could not stop herself moaning out loud at the feel of Rachel's fingers dancing around the periphery of her sensitive mound. Feeling the razor gliding gently along beside her vaginal lips caused her hips to buck.
Rachel admonished her. "Don't do that. Keep those lovely hips under control, or the blade might get too close."
Aurelia's voice was soft but filled with wonderment.
"That send thrills all the way up my body. I play with myself, of course, but it never feels like that."
Rachel reassured her. "When Aunt Penny did it to me I had a mini orgasm. She noticed it, and did things with her tongue on my clit and all around my vagina to make me come again. I was shocked at first, but then I liked it."
"Isn't that wrong - woman to woman?"
"Aunt Penny says not. She says there's a great deal of ignorance about female sexuality, and that we should explore and experiment to discover all about our bodies.
"Now we should shower it. You'll be surprised how cold it feels down there at first."
They showered together afterwards in an unspoken moment of final bonding after such an intimate operation. The experience was a blur of wet flesh on flesh for Aurelia, her body squirming hungrily against Rachel's, and her hands exploring forbidden places.
Afterwards, Rachel took her hand and led her the bed.
Apart from sex education classes, which anyway brushed with indecent haste over female to female activities, Aurelia knew nothing about lesbian sex. She trusted tremblingly to Rachel's guidance. Her body's reaction to Rachel's hands on her skin had been a revelation to her. She wasn't sure though whether she was pleased at the discovery.
When Rachel fingers moved across under her neck to her other shoulder, then moved down to her left breast, Aurelia recalled her brother's firm, almost abrupt touch. Rachel's was far gentler, more relaxing, and sensual. When she felt a finger touch her nipple, her body reacted.
"I see your nipples are as sensitive as mine."
Aurelia was relieved to hear that. There was something consensual with two women who shared similar bodily responses. It was so unlike the entirely alien touch of a rough-fingered man. It might have been her own fingertips caressing her private areas, yet in this case she did not know what to expect until she felt it.
By the time that Rachel kissed a nipple, Aurelia was prepared for it and more, even silently pleading for it. The sensation was exquisite and she moaned her encouragement. When that kiss became a gentle sucking the moan was no longer encouragement, but an urgent desire for more.
This foreplay far exceeded her wildest imaginings and caused her to whimper at this wonderful revelation. Something this arousing could not possibly be unnatural. She realised what she had missed out on when listening to her friends telling about their girl on girl experiences. It all made sense now and confirmed the reality of it, and confirmed her belated recruitment to the cause of feminine independence - from men.
Rachel's unerring tongue on Aurelia's clitoris sent a surge of sensation up her middle. She cried out with pleasure and yielded when Rachel moved up her body and kissed her again. She did not resist when Rachel chivvied her body to move towards the middle of the bed and then onto her side. Rachel intertwined her legs with Aurelia's, like two open scissors.
Aurelia had heard of such a position, even seen diagrams of it. The reality was however quite astonishing. The immediate touch of Rachel's vulva against her own felt like perfection, as if female bodies should always connect like that. The earth didn't move, there was no sudden stab of arousal or pleasure; it just felt good.
Her hips almost immediately responded to Rachel's slow, gentle up and down rubbing of her moist vulva against Aurelia's. Their mutual arousals moisturised their fleshy interfaces, avoiding a potential disaster of unchecked friction and inflammation. Aurelia's scientific mind marvelled at how her own nature conspired with her friend's to make this coupling stimulating and effective. Their bodies were so well physically attuned to each other's that both soon felt swirling sensations inside which signalled preparations for a climax. Aurelia voiced her feelings with gentle gasps and moans, which encouraged Rachel to relax and succumb to similar sensations. And so a miracle of nature led both their bodies to a communion of climaxes and a first sexual orgasm for Aurelia.
It seemed inconceivable that she had had to wait until she was eighteen for her first climax with another person, and despite having twice been penetrated by her brother's cock. The wry thought flashed across her mind that her seemingly perfect body was destined to be confined to femme to femme comminglings rather than procreation.
They clung to each other afterwards, each deriving comfort from the embrace.
"That was so nice, but does it make me a lesbian?"
Rachel responded emphatically.
"Aurelia, you're a stunning, beautiful woman. You shouldn't be worrying about that now. Your body will tell you in good time what its orientation is. As long as you don't have any hang-ups about sex, it will all come all right in the end."
"I didn't think you were that experienced."
"I'm not. Technically, I'm still a virgin. But Aunt Penny has told me a lot about sex, about seduction, and the reality behind the biology."
"What a catchphrase that would be!"
They laughed and hugged each other.

~*~*~

The newbie in the cliff top shop
The first week passed without further notable incident. The following Saturday, Aurelia went to the camp shop to buy an orange bikini. She was wearing a striking multi-coloured one like Rachel's, though less skimpy.
The atmosphere of the shop interior was hot, smelly, and negatively assaulting her senses. She felt as if she could not breathe. She had invested much time queueing to buy the new bikini that she didn't want that time to have been wasted. Yet an odorous mountain of a man had joined the queue behind her. She felt his body heat on the exposed flesh of her back. She tried not to breath in his cloying odour. Her endurance flet like an eternity. Then suddenly, she heard a curse, felt a swish of cool air, and the man was gone.
The space behind her now felt disconcertingly cool. Her prim English habit deterred her at first from turning her head to investigate. But then curiosity overwhelmed her and she looked behind her.
The man mountain that had lately stood behind her, breathing waves of sweat and overheatedness against her exposed back, had gone. In his wake he had bequeathed a large space. At the far side of that empty expanse stood a young dark haired man with a slim body, colonial khaki type shorts, and a shy, introspective countenance. He was the sort of young man that Aurelia would normally not notice, so self-effacing was his manner.
Aurelia had developed such an acute ability to sum up a man in moments, often very accurately, that she almost dismissed this specimen instantly. She awarded him a brief smile then turned back, to return in her mind to her foreign place where everything was civilised and she could live her life undisturbed by insistent males.
But she sensed the young man's closer proximity, and it caused the middle of her back to tingle. She kept her eyes firmly facing forward. Yet she could feel his gaze wending its leisurely, voyeuristic way up and down her rear. She would normally resent such an intrusion, helpless as she was to prevent it, yet for some reason she revelled in it on this occasion. She took a deep breath and straightened her back. It pushed out her shoulders and bottom. She felt like a peacock displaying itself. Such thoughts were just the frequent product of her fantasy world where she suffered no restraints and could do whatever she willed.
It was her turn to be served at a till. She sensed the young man looking sideways at her as he handed over his purchase at the adjoining till. She turned her head to return his stare. There was nothing predatory in his gaze. He appeared at first sight a humble man, one in whose company she might feel relaxed and safe.
Leaving the shop she returned to her isolated existence in that maelstrom of followers that was plaguing her holiday.
She saw the young man again the following day, hanging on at the periphery of the gang. Rachel had joined him, hovering closely but not possessively. It was clear that they now knew each other. Aurelia felt a pang of jealousy, which made the young man seem more attractive. Once or twice their glances met and she tried to express her frustration at her predicament to him. She felt an unspoken affinity with him.
Then the following evening, Rachel abruptly left the camp with her aunt. Aurelia was devastated. She went to her room after lunch and changed for the beach. She wore a long, loose top with thin straps that mostly hid her body. She cared not for the lustful looks of her male followers. She was conscious of them following her at a distance, like followers of a disciple to whom they should not get too close.
She saw Alex lounging on his towel with acres of space around him. The morning tide had receded during lunch and families were only now occupying the beach. She approached him and flashed him a quick smile of greeting. He smiled back at her, then the smile left his face as he saw her entourage gathering around her in a loose, bedraggled formation. The men affected not to notice whilst she arranged her patch of sand with her towel, then removed her top. Her eyes darted in the solitary man's direction, to catch him out of the corner of her eye, admiring her bikini-clad body.
She stood, stretching her arms, her shapely bottom pushed out and her back arched, inviting him to admire her body. She used the excuse of fixing her shoulder length hair into a bun as an opportunity for him to admire her some more. At that moment, nobody else mattered.You only fancy him because he paired off with Rachel. Why does that make men so fanciable?
As she lay, an isolated island separated by a small sea of sand from a morass of immature humanity, she felt a new presence beside her. She looked up to see him standing beside her with the sun's rays eclipsed by his head, surrounding him like a halo.
"Are you my shining bright knight?" she enquired enigmatically.
He smiled and bowed his head and described a wide semi-circle with his hand, after the fashion of the greeting of medieval courtier.
"Laugh at me if you will but I can feel your unhappiness. I can't bear to see it and do nothing. Can you tell me what's wrong?"
Those words felt like a sweet dagger to her stomach. This charming, diffident young man had got to the heart of her anguish in so few words.
"Sit down," she said, in a voice not much above a whisper.
She tried to fix her face with a neutral expression. She wanted to let him know - that she knew.
"Rachel called at my room early this morning. She told me what happened. I'm so sorry. Her aunt is a bully. She told me that nothing happened with you in the end? Is that true?"
He looked taken aback, as if his private life were writ large for the world to see. Then his expression altered. His initially defensive expression altered.
"Were you her friend?"
"As much as casual acquaintances might be friendly. I'm pestered by men, as you can see. It frightens off the other females. I don't know if I'm being punished by that. But Rachel went out of her way to talk to me when we were alone together."
"She seems a kind and considerate girl."
Aurelia felt admiration for Alex's rapid progress with Rachel, knowing what she now did about her friend's history with men and her aunt.
"How did you two get so far so quickly when you hardly knew each other?"
"So far? So you know we didn't get as far as Rachel had planned - or rather her aunt had schemed. I'm ashamed at our indecent haste, but when the opportunity presented itself, I couldn't resist - up to a point. But that can't be what's bothering you. Is it your isolation?"
His perception, or rather his vocalising of it took her aback. He had struck at the heart of her mental turmoil.
She tried to pretend that it was nothing, but her vocal response came out as an unladylike snort.
"It's been a curse for much of my life. I've been pestered by men and boys of all ages, and despised by other women. I wish I could get away sometimes. But, no, that isn't what's troubling me."
She shifted her upper body close to him. His words were making her feel uncomfortable. "Thank you for caring. I'm sure you're a genuine person. But I don't want to talk about it now. I hope you don't mind?"
She had peremptorily dismissed him. She couldn't cope emotionally with her predicament. Yet she hoped that it would not be their last encounter. Her mind was in turmoil, but not just for her anguish at her deadweight entourage. She needed time to reflect on her emotions, and her reaction to the close proximity of this curiously interesting man. She had only recently decided that she must be a lesbian. She had witnessed her partner in crime, Rachel, seducing this man with disastrous consequences. Women suddenly felt a lot safer and less complicated. She yearned more than anything for a relationship with a new person in her life, someone who would untangle her affairs and take her out of her current existence. She yearned for higher plane of life and happiness.
Could this be the man? Should she not be loyal to Rachel, who had unlocked a new passion within her? Her world was suddenly becoming very confusing.

~*~*~

Next, Aurelia resolves her dilemma and her friend is fully fulfilled for the first time.
If you were moved by this story, please leave a comment, which is the lifeblood of my writing.