One of the benefits of Mike working away is that I get the occasional trip overseas.
I was excited as we'd got a short trip to Brazil and a free apartment to stay in for a week.
The apartment was in a small city, not near the beach, but it had its own fair-sized pool. During the week everyone was working so I'd go to the pool and have it to myself.
The weather was hot but supportable, around 300 C, bikini was the order of the day.
I'd been to the pool on Monday and had got a little burnt, so the following day I took a stronger sunscreen.
I had on a very small red bikini and as this was Brazil, some 4" red heels, I'd noticed that all the women here dressed as sexy as possible all the time.
Unlike the previous day there was someone else at the pool when I arrived.
On the opposite side of the pool was a guy on a sun lounger.
I got on a sun lounger on the opposite side of the pool and passed some sun cream on my arms and shoulders. My bikini was small, in fact, the top only just covered my nipples and the bottom was a thong, the small triangle just covered my minge.
I picked up my book and put on sunglasses and settled down to soak up some rays and read.
I was lost in my book when I heard a splash as the guy dived in the pool.
I looked up as the guy the climbed out of the pool, looking across at me he shouted that he needed to cool off, that was a surprise coming across another Brit out here.
The guy looked about 50 odd, he had tanned skin and wasn't fat.
He was wearing a pair of tight green trunks, the type that's common in Brazil. His trunks were wet and I had a perfect view of the outline of his cock and balls, he was soft, but a cock is a cock and I felt a twinge in my minge!
The guy got back on his sun lounger, put on some dark sunglasses and started to rub cream on his body.
I'm sure the guy was putting on a show for me and when he started to put cream on the inside of his thighs I was sure. He was sitting with his legs apart and his trunks were stretched tight over his balls as he applied the cream.
Am sure that he was catching his cock and balls with his hand as he did this as I could see that he was getting a semi on.
I couldn't tell if the guy was looking at me because of his glasses, then again, he couldn't tell that I was looking at him either.
The guy finished putting on cream and picked up a book. I was sure he was staring at me, also he had kept the same position with his legs apart, the outline of his semi hard cock was making me hot.
I realised just how hot and how much I needed to get some cream on me.
I picked up my sun cream and started to apply it onto my stomach, am sure that the guy was watching me as I did and I started to get turned on. I then put some cream on my chest above my tits and started to massage it into me.
All the time I was watching to see if the guy was watching me.
I slipped my hand inside my top and squeezed a nipple, fucking hell they were as hard as rivets. Without realising I was squeezing my nipple between my thumb and finger as I got carried away.
I put more cream on my hand and then rubbed it into my tits, if the guy was watching he could tell I was horny, he appeared to be reading his book and his cock was still only semi hard.
My fanny was wet, I had that hot /wet sensation that I always get when I'm turned on.
To put cream on my thighs I bent my knees I also opened my legs at the same time, this had the effect of pulling my thong tight over my fanny. I wasn't sure but thought there was already a wet patch on them.I rubbed oil into the inside of my thighs right to the top, god I wanted to rub my fanny.
I concentrated on doing this and when I looked up the bloke was watching me, that was obvious as he had a fucking hard on that was making a tent in the front of his trunks.
My eyes were on stalks but owing to my glasses he couldn't tell.
I continued to rub oil around the tops of my thighs even though they didn't need anymore, I wanted to give the guy a show.
I wiggled my arse from side to side as I continued applying cream,by doing this I knew that my thong would go up my crack and my pussy lips would be on display.
Mike had given me a good fucking the night before and I had wanked myself off that morning with my dog dildo, one of those that you inflate when it's up you, my fanny lips were swollen as a result.
The guy was now seriously watching me, not only that, he was slowly stroking his cock through his trunks.
I love guys wanking over me, it turns me on knowing I've got them hard and they want to spunk on me, it brings out the slut in me.
He was now blatant as he grabbed his prick through his trunks.
Not to be outdone, I shoved my hand in my thong, my twat was dripping as I got two fingers up me.
I started frigging myself off as I watched a stranger rub his prick and as he pulled his trunks down slightly his prick came into view.
He wasn't that big, about 6 or so inch, but he was hard and even from where I was sitting I could see how bright red and shiny his bell end was.
The dirty fucker was wanking for me and was pointing his prick in my direction.
I pulled my thong to one side, so he could see me fingering myself as I'd d got three fingers up my sloshing hole, I then pulled my fingers out so he could see my gash and then slammed them back in again.
A mutual wank session at the pool was just what I needed and wanted!
Suddenly, our wank frenzy came to an end as a woman with two children appeared.
The bloke managed to get his book over his lap and I got my legs closed so no one saw anything or was aware of what had been going off.
The kids played in the pool while the woman watched and spoke with them. Talk about frustration.
After about 30 minutes one of the kids fell and started crying, the woman then grabbed them and they left.
It was now near lunch time as the guy got off his lounger and started to leave.
To leave he had to walk past me and he approached with his towel in front of him.
As he reached my sun lounger he stopped and said "hi, I'm David, hope you enjoyed your sunbathing?" I replied that I had.
"Do you want to see the ending?" he asked as he moved his towel to one side and pulled his prick out of his trunks. Fucking hell, he was stiff as a poker as he started to wank in front of me.
"You dirty fucker, get down here and finger my cunt whilst you wank" I gasped.
David put his towel by the side of my lounger and knelt as I spread my legs as wide as possible. "Finger my filthy married cunt, make me gush and then spunk on me" I shouted.
David got three fingers up my hole and massaged my clit with his thumb as he continued wanking his prick with his other hand.
"Go one you dirty bastard, make my twat squelch. Toss yourself off as I'm meeting my husband in 15minutes for lunch and he loves me stinking of sex and spunk" I continued.
Just has David got his hand in my twat as I came.
Fucking hell, cum was spraying out of my cunt in all directions as David's hand went in up to his wrist!
"Squirt on me, make you fucking cock spit on me, I'm a filthy married cock queen, I love it" I cried as another orgasm began.
David jumped up and straddled my sun lounger, he was right in front of my face as he wanked his prick furiously.
"Lick my knob, stick your tongue in my pee hole, I'm going to fucking cake you in hot jizz" he cried as his bell end started to swell.
I leant forward and started to lick David's red and salty bell end.
My tongue was just in his pee hole as he shot the first rope of spunk.
Half went in my mouth and the rest up my nose, before I had chance to recover another rope went on my forehead and in my hair, another squirt then hit my cheek followed by two quick ones which went on my chin and tits, then finally one on my neck.
I think he shot 9 ropes on me, it was fucking awesome.
When he finished I grabbed his prick and used it as a sponge as I rubbed cum into my face.
"I am here about 10.30am most days, so see you tomorrow then," he said.