"You know they gave you that seafood fork for reason," I told Izzy as the jumbo shrimp dangled from her French-manicured fingers, cocktail sauce dripping from it and splattering onto her plate.
"You can't get all the meat out of the tail if you use that bitty fork. At these prices, I'm getting all my shrimp," she replied, then took a big bite and left a smear of cocktail sauce on the side of her mouth.
I quietly tried to tell her about the sauce, pretending to wipe something from the corner of my own mouth.
"What?" she asked somewhat loudly.
"Cocktail sauce," I whispered.
"Oh, yeah," she answered as she motioned to the waiter.
"Yes, ma'am?" The young guy asked her, adjusting his tie and giving me a smile.
"I hate to be a bother, but could I get another bit of cocktail sauce?" She gestured to the small bowl with the shrimp tail still in her hand.
"Yes, ma'am, right away," he said as he rushed away.
"Izzy!" I said to her. "This is a fine dining restaurant. It is not the Chicken Finger Shack." I rolled my eyes and grabbed my glass of wine.
"Well, this cocktail sauce is so good I could drink it!"
"So the shrimp are just a convenient vehicle to get more of the sauce in your mouth?"
I took a big sip of wine and looked around the full restaurant. Many of the guests I recognized from the art market Izzy and I were attending. My eyes settled on one guy who looked familiar, but I couldn't remember a name. He was absolutely beautiful...I mean, genetically-perfect model gorgeous. Square-jawed, cheekbones you could hang on. He looked up and saw me staring. He smiled ...with perfect teeth, I might add. I took a gulp of wine and turned back to Izzy.
"Are you listening to me? You have been distracted all day? Do you miss BJ?"
"Of course, I do. That's a silly question. Suck on your damn shrimp."
Izzy gave me her "Oh-no-she-better-don't" look. Then gave me an unnerving smile.
"Uhm, Clay, some guys would love to be eating dinner with me." She grabbed a shrimp and dipped it in sauce. "Look," she crackled as she flicked her tongue at the shellfish and then licked it. "I got skills," she laughed.
"You know, you are insane, dear cousin."
"That's why we get along so well."
I shifted in my seat and drank some more wine. I surreptitiously looked over to the model guy's table. He was staring at me. He raised his glass and winked. I raised mine and nervously smiled. I finished the glass.
"Who are you toasting?" Izzy asked turning her head in the direction I had been looking. "Is it that hot guy with the two girls? He looks familiar. Lucky them, he is fine as fuck...he has to be gay."
"Just someone I met at the convention hall. Just business," I lied.
"Oh, okay. Well, just remember you're married," Izzy retorted, as the waiter placed her extra cocktail sauce on the table.
"And is there anything I can get Sir?" he asked with a smile.
"Yes," I said, with a wink. "More wine. A bottle of red."
He looked at Izzy and then back at me.
"Just one, Sir?"
"For now," I chuckled.
Eventually, we were onto our main course, Steak Diane. Of course, Izzy asked for a bottle of steak sauce. The waiter apologized for not having any available.
"Izzy, it already has sauce on it. Wine and shallots," I told her as she dug into her big purse and pulled out a tiny bottle of steak sauce.
"From room service last night," she said with a grin and quickly changed the subject. "So what has BJ been up to with you away?"
"Malcolm has him helping him with some odd jobs. I don't know the specifics. I'm just glad he's staying busy. He seemed to be depressed after we started this business. I'm glad he's happy now."
"Do you regret getting married so quickly? I mean, you two knew each other only a short time before tying the knot. Maybe he was caught up in the whirlwind of it all, like you, and there were things he still wanted to do."
"We knew each other in high school," I answered.
"Yeah, but that was another lifetime ago?"
"Thanks, cousin, for bringing this up now."
"Oh, I mentioned it before the wedding. But you were like 'Life is short' and 'Seize the bull... or the boy... by the horns'. Don't get mad at me. Y'all need to have a big discussion about what you want going forward."
"I'm getting marriage advice from the Sauce Queen."
"Hey! Everybody needs a hobby!"
"Yeah, yeah," I said. "I'm going to pee."
"Have one for me. I'm eyeing that dessert cart. You want something?"
"Sex," I said as I stood up and dropped my napkin on my chair.
"I don't think they serve that here. I'll check. How about some cheesecake?"
"Yeah, that sounds good."
I had forgotten about the hot dude until I had to walk past him. He looked at me and I involuntarily gave him a smile. Once past him, I wanted to kick myself.
I pushed through the door and rushed to a urinal. I unzipped, freeing my aching dick. I rested a hand against the cool tile. I put my head in the crook of my arm as a chilling pleasure ran through my body as the warm piss left my body.
"Damn, that feels good," I muttered to myself.
"Yeah, I bet it does," a deep voice said, then gave a little laugh.
I looked up. There, a few urinals down from me stood Mr. Perfect. I straightened myself up and my piss stream stopped. I probably looked like a drunken deer in headlights.
"Sorry," he said, pointing. "I didn't mean to scare ya."
"No. No, I was finishing up," I said, glancing over at him and trying to act cool.
He was standing about eight inches away from the urinal. He unzipped and reached inside his zipper. He bent over slightly as his hand fished around in his slacks for a second or two. He then hauled out the biggest soft cocks I had ever seen. He easy reached the urinal from where he was standing. He let go of a hard stream of piss. My mouth dropped and he laughed again.
"Yeah, it's pretty big."
"I'm...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been staring..." I stuttered, looking away. I was finished so I quickly shoved my dick into my pants and zipped up.
I heard his pissing stop and turned back toward him. He shook his enormous cock, but then he didn't push it back into his pants. He stepped backward a half-step. His hand was around his big penis and slid down to his cockhead. He wiped away a droplet of piss leaking out of the slit. His cock looked like warm tan velvet as his fingertips ran over it.
"It's cool. I get looks and stares all the time. I kinda like showing it off...to guys." He let it fall against his pants leg. It seemed to be getting fatter as it hung down from his zipper. "There seems to be a particular demographic of guys who appreciate big cocks. And I like their...uhm... attention."
I couldn't take my eyes off his huge prick. I looked up at his smiling face, and then looked back at his cock. He grabbed it and shook it toward me.
"I appreciate a big cock."
"I bet you do," he replied and he walked toward a stall. He paused and turned to me and motioned to me with his hand to follow him.
I felt nervous energy flowing through my body. I didn't even think as I followed him into the stall. I locked the door and turned to him. He undid his trousers and they fell to his knees. I reached out and grabbed his cock. His skin was warm and soft. The spongy shaft got firmer as I ran my hand up and down the length of it. We were both breathing deeply as I bend down and took the golfball-sized cockhead between my stretched lips. I sank down further on it until I felt it wedged in my throat; and then I slowly pulled back. His engorged cockhead softly scraped the sides of my throat, making me gag a bit around his filling cock. I looked up and he had a hand over his mouth. I guess my oral skills stunned him from the look on his face.
His other hand had pushed his shirt up and was rubbing his chiseled abs. His fingertips caressed the treasure trail of dark hair running up past his navel.
I took his cock as deep as I could and then started to bob up and down on it. I was using my mouth and throat to skillfully jerk him off. He grabbed at my hair forcing his horse cock deeper into me. I gagged, tasting a bit of bile mixed with his sweet precum.
I felt his cock starting twitch and his nuts grew tight. He pushed me deep and held my head as his hot cum scalded my gullet. I choked as his load shot into me. I pulled off with a gasp and a ragged cough. A bit of cum and spit hung from my lips, my eyes were watery and my lips were red. A stream of clear fluid dangled from his weighty cock. I leaned in and licked at it. Its saltiness coated my tongue. I lapped at the head of his prick until he pushed me away. He pulled up his trousers, tucked in his shirt, and belted up. He grabbed me and pulled me up to him. He gave me a wet mouthy kiss, tasting his cum in me. He pulled back and licked his lips.
"Fuck you were great. There are very few who have ever taken my big cock so well. Damn, dude," he whispered to me. "Let's do it again very soon."
"I can't ...I'm ma..." I stopped myself. "Uhm, I'm...uhm, maybe here for only a couple days more. I'm with the art market at the convention center."
"Me too," he said. "I'll look you up." And he walked out of the stall.
I got myself together and exited the stall. He was gone. Halfway to the sink, I turned and ran back to the stall. I vomited and felt like my whole stomach was going to come out of my throat. I finally wiped my mouth with some toilet tissue. I stumbled out of the stall and splashed some water on my face at the sink. I actually felt much better, except for a slight headache.
I looked at myself in the mirror. I didn't look as rough as I felt. The thing was that I felt no guilt for what I had just done behind my husband's back. I was actually thinking about that guy's big cock and when I could have it again.
I took a deep breath and went back to dinner. The guy and girls had left the restaurant.
"Where you been?" Izzy questioned me.
"Too much wine I think," I told her. "I think I drank too much. Made me a bit sick."
"Well, I had you a piece of cheesecake, but you were gone so long I went ahead and ate it. It was really good. You want one?" Izzy asked as she pulled out a compact and put on her trademark red lipstick.
"No, let's just go."
The next day we were up and at our art market booth bright and early. We had a busy morning and finally got the chance to catch our breath.
Izzy had gone walking around looking at the other products and was back after a few minutes. She was almost out of breath and pointing.
"OMG! I thought I recognized him. The guy at the restaurant. He's at the art tattoo booth! Look!" she gasped.
I looked down the row to a booth that was promoting temporary tattoos based on classic art themes. Their theme was "Classic. Fun. Sexy.". Their models yesterday for the "Classic" theme had been painted to look like marble Greek states with replicas of various tattoos painted on them.
"The dude was the marble statue with Van Gogh's Sunflowers on his chest and Edvard Munch 's The Scream on his thigh...now look at him!" Izzy proclaimed to anyone in earshot.
Today had the "Fun" theme and the models were all in beachwear playing with beach balls with the temporary tattoos covering their bodies. And there he was, Mr. Big Cock in red square leg swim trunks with the same tattoos he had yesterday. He had just turned around after catching a beach ball and spotted me. He flashed his pearly grin at me. He tucked the beach ball under his arm and walked down to our booth.
My stomach was full of butterflies watching this practically naked big-dicked stud sashay toward me. He had that v-shaped body which made you go weak in the knees. His muscles weren't bulging like a bodybuilder's but long and lean. The bulge in his trunks must've sold a lot of tattoos.
"Hey, you! It was a busy morning, wasn't it?"
"Yeah, it was. Everyone must be in meetings and such now," I stammered.
"I'm about to go on a break. Catch!" he said, gently tossing the beach ball in my direction.
I caught it, then stood there for a second just holding the ball. He was grinning with his hands on his hips.
"Now give me my ball back."
I started to toss it back to him.
"No, don't throw it. Come give it to me," he ordered.
I took a step forward and he took a step back. He laughed at me. I took two steps forward and he took two steps backward.
"Oh, come on now. Stop this. Take your ball," I told him, rolling my eyes.
"No, come give it to me," he teased, motioning me to him with his fingers. "Give big Ben the ball."
I rushed forward and he walked quickly backward to his booth. He grabbed a light robe from a chair and told one of the girls he was on his break. I followed him as he walked on, turning around every so often to tease me or to gesture "come here" with his fingers. He was grinning and laughing the entire time. I could have just thrown the ball at him but I actually was enjoying this silly chase.
I followed him down a dim hallway and around a corner. He was gone. I looked around wondering where he had vanished to, until I saw a finger gesturing to me from a cracked door.
"Come here, ballboy," he whispered.
I opened the door to go inside and saw him leaning against a table, his hand in his trunks. I tossed the ball at him and it softly bounced off his chest. He stood up and walked to the door, clicking the lock. He moved to me and backed me up firmly against the wall. He pushed down his trunks and grabbed my hand, pushing in onto his thick meaty cock. He leaned in and gave me a full wet kiss.
"Fuck, I thought about you all night," he said as he pulled away from lips. "I'm Ben. You're Clay, right?"
"How did you..." He pushed a finger into my badge. "Oh, yeah," I laughed nervously.
He kissed me again. He worked his way around to my ear and the side of my neck. I groaned under his attentions, my hand sliding over his velvety hard cock and balls.
Suddenly, he turned me around. My cheek and hands were against the wall as he pulled my shorts down. I could feel his big cock against my ass leaking precum onto me. He shifted and his cock settled into the crack of my ass. Precum dribbled in my crack, lubing his shaft. He slid his horse cock up down my crack, groaning into my ear as he did.
"Tonight, after all this, I want to fuck you, Clay. Will you let me inside you? Will you let me fill you with this big cock?"
I tried to nod my head.
"Tell me, Clay; tell me you wanna get fucked with this big meat."
"Yes," I groaned.
"Tell me you wanna get fucked by this big cock. Tell me."
"I wanted get fucked by your big cock."
"Who's big cock?"
"I want to get fucked by Ben's big cock."
Ben stopped his thrusting along my crack and pulled away. He pulled up my shorts, covering my precum-slicked ass. He turned me around and gave me another quick kiss.
"So I guess we have a date?" he said, rubbing a hand over my crotch, grabbing at my hard cock.
"Yes, I guess we do. You want to come by about eight o'clock? Room 416," I asked him.
"I'll be there," he said pulling up his trunks. He grabbed his ball and robe, smiled at me and was out the door.
I found my way back to the booth.
"Where the fuck have you been?" questioned Izzy.
"Just checking things out," I snapped back.
"Well, you missed a call from your husband," she said, dangling my phone from her fingers. She laid the phone down next to me. "I answered it. Hope you don't mind."
"No, it's cool. What did he say?"
"He said he was going to be working at Malcolm's until about eight o'clock tonight. He said he'll call you back then."
Good fucking luck with that, I said to myself as I leaned out to catch a glimpse of big ol' Ben prancing around in his little swim trunks and feeling his sticky precum still in the crack of my ass.