The characters "Joy" and "I", were previously introduced in "Finally, My First Time", in which "I" gave his virginity to "Joy" in the first of a series of stories about the evolution of their relationship as they explore their sexuality together. They also were featured in "Happy Birthday to Me" and "Game Night."
While it isn't necessary to read the previous tales the background information will provide the reader with additional context that may add to their reading experience.
All characters are fictional; any resemblance to real persons is purely coincidental; the events depicted are the product of my very fertile imagination, fantasies and/or personal bucket list, not depictions of actual events.
All characters are 18 years of age or older.
*
Our visit to Pompano Beach was coming to an end. My steady girlfriend Joy and I had been visiting her sister Gerri and her family for the previous five days. Joy was introducing me to her favorite sister, who she had not seen in person in several years, and her family. Gerri and her husband Paul had been hosting us in their modest home that was located several blocks from the beach. Joy and I had been enjoying our Florida spring vacation, sunning, swimming and visiting the nearby tourist attractions in the Fort Lauderdale area.
Joy and I had known each other for almost two years. We had met in a classroom as we both sought to advance our careers. What started out as a mutual attraction had evolved from casual acquaintanceship into a committed relationship after we attended our company's annual employee Christmas party together as "just friends" about six months earlier. That evening ended up with us enjoying a passionate night in a nearby motel as I finally discarded the unwanted burden of my virginity at the ripe old age of 25. Still living at home while spending virtually all of our free time together, our Florida trip was our first step toward a full merger of our lives, which would ultimately lead to marriage in the not too distant future.
It had been close to two weeks since we had been intimate. Most of our free time during the week prior to our departure was spent rushing to make last minute preparations for our trip.
Before we left home we had mutually agreed to a vow of celibacy for the duration of our trip; Joy did not want to disrespect her sister and brother in law's religious beliefs by engaging in sex in their home since we were not married. Figuring that we would only be in her sister's home for five nights I reluctantly yielded to her wishes.
On the first night of our trip I had looked forward to being able to make love to my sexy girlfriend at the Holiday Inn after 600 miles of driving, figuring that it was going to be the only chance we would get until the trip home in another week. We checked in, ate dinner and went back to our room to relax. After we both had showered and climbed into bed to watch TV I turned to Joy and began kissing her.
She pulled away, saying "Uh-uh... We can't."
"Why"
"Remember our vow"
I reacted incredulously "What vow?"
"Our vow to not have sex on the trip" was her matter of fact response.
I shot back "We agreed to not have sex at Gerri's house, not not on the trip! Are you serious?"
"If we do, I'll feel guilty when I see her" was Joy's answer.
I reacted "Really???"
"Yes, really."
"But..."
"No buts...it's not going to happen!"
Realizing that I wasn't going to win that debate I sighed heavily, rolled over and went to sleep, my physical desires unsatisfied. Throughout our visit with Gerri, Paul and the children our celibacy had remained intact.
We would be leaving the next morning for Disney World. I had visited the Magic Kingdom previously several times, and was looking forward to introducing Joy to its wonders. This was Joy's first trip to Florida. We were also looking forward to having some alone time at Disney, since we had been bunking out in the family room side by side on two rickety old army cots, the only space available to us in the small two bedroom home.
As we chatted over coffee with Gerri we decided that to spend our last day in South Florida at the nearby beach. Gerri told us that she had too much to do, what with taking care of her two munchkins and other errands, so Joy and I decided to go alone.
We changed into our swimsuits, gathered up our beach gear and piled into the car. Since the beach was only a few blocks from the house the trip only took a few minutes. I remembered the route from earlier in the week, when Gerri had accompanied us with her kids.
As we drove the short distance to the beach I fought the yearning for physical intimacy with my beautiful girlfriend that was simmering within me. Glancing over at her I wondered whether or not our vow ended when we left Pompano, or if Joy expected it to continue until we reached home? Realizing the futility of thinking about the possibilities, I decided to focus on having a pleasant day at the beach, dismissing the question from my mind (I thought)!
We pulled up to the public beach parking and headed for the sand and surf across the roadway. Since it was a weekday morning early in May the beach was sparsely populated and no lifeguard was on duty. As I scanned the virtually empty beach I was reminded of a similar morning that I had experienced a few years earlier at a beach on the opposite coast.
On that morning I had driven from San Diego, where I was vacationing alone, to Black's Beach, a well-known clothing optional beach. It was there that I had first experienced the excitement of being naked in public. As I thought about that morning I began to feel the tingles of excitement deep in my gut. Images of Joy and I enjoying our present location unencumbered by clothing ricocheted through my mind. I began to feel the expansion in my groin.
I returned to reality and cleared the imaginary images from my mind. My body returned to the relaxed state it had been in- for the moment. We laid out our beach blanket and towels, removed our cover-ups and took turns slathering each other with sunscreen. Joy squirted the lotion over my shoulders and back, spreading it with her soft hands to cover my sensitive skin evenly while I took care of my face, arms and chest. Joy then proceeded to fill her hands with lotion and carefully covered my legs and feet.
Once she was finished I took the sunscreen bottle from her and began to coat her with the slippery lotion, starting with her shoulders. I drizzled a generous line of lotion on each shoulder and rubbed it into Joy's soft skin carefully, continuing down past her shoulder blades all the way to the waist line of her bikini, taking the time to enjoy the way her skin yielded to the pressure of my fingers. Fighting the urge to strip that garment from her body my fingertips slid under the stretchy waistband of her bikini bottom and onto the foothills of her tush, rubbing the lotion in thoroughly beneath the edge of the cloth.
Squeezing a generous amount of lotion onto my palms I began to apply it to Joy's shapely legs. Starting with the top of her thigh, I wrapped both hands around her leg and slathered it down her leg to the top of her foot, then slowly began rubbing it into her skin, lightly massaging the firm muscles of her shapely calf along the way. Reaching her knee I continued upward, one hand massaging her inner thigh while the other worked on her outer thigh. When I reached the leg opening of her swimsuit I once again slipped my fingertips under the edge of the cloth and rubbed lotion into the skin beneath, this time barely brushing the edge of the neatly trimmed furry patch hidden beneath.
As my fingers roamed Joy's firm legs the rest of my body began to perk up. My mind began to visualize naughty behavior as my body reacted to my contact with my sexy girlfriend's model thin, curvy, 5' 6", 34B-22-34 body. A tent began to appear in the front of my swimsuit as Junior, as we had affectionately named him, began to stir.
Having completed Joy's one leg I proceeded on to her other, replicating the process. This time, as I approached the leg opening of Joy's suit I surreptitiously checked around us, observed that no one was nearby on the beach or in the surf, and got a little frisky, yielding to temptation. Slipping my fingertips under the elastic edge I pushed farther beneath the material, pushing through her silky pubes and onto Joy's sensitive slit.
As Joy felt the unexpected contact she instinctively squeezed her legs together, trapping my offending fingers tightly between her firmly clenched thigh muscles, exclaiming "Stop!"
I quickly assured her that no one could see. She checked around us. Once she saw that we were alone and the coast was clear she relaxed her thigh muscles. As my fingers regained their freedom to move I gently slid them between her puffy lips, stroking up and down through the warm, damp valley, teasing the firm little nub they encountered, then withdrew my intruding fingers from her bikini.
Slightly miffed, Joy snatched up the lotion bottle from the blanket and quickly said "I'll take care of the rest -- thank you very much!" She finished applying the sunscreen to her face and chest, ending for the time being any further naughty thoughts that my fertile imagination might come up with.
Sighing softly, I recognized that in broad daylight on a public beach was not an appropriate time for getting too frisky.
Properly protected from the intense South Florida sun we stretched out on the beach blanket to let our skins absorb the sunscreen. We relaxed side by side on our stomachs, enjoying the warm Florida morning sunshine, watching the waves gently lapping at the shore, and the quiet serenity around us. To our left about five hundred feet stood a massive fifteen story condominium building, and we could see a few residents relaxing on their private beach, shaded from the sun under the striped canvas cabana. To our right was nothing but a wide white sand beach stretching as far as the eye could see. Glancing around us I noticed that no swimmers or sunbathers had located themselves anywhere close to the spot we had picked.
After about thirty minutes of sunbathing my back began to feel uncomfortable in the intense sunlight, so I rolled over on my side to face my twenty year old girlfriend, who had rolled over onto her back. I couldn't help but admire her silky ash blonde hair, bright blue eyes and inviting lips, along with her perky size 34 B upper display, toned tummy, tight derriere, and the rest of her trim body. Her glowing, lightly tanned skin was set off perfectly by the aqua, green and white diagonal stripes of the bikini that we had purchased specifically for this trip.
As I watched her lounging on the sand my imagination dissolved the bikini from Joy's stunning body, allowing unclothed images of her enticing curves that were stored indelibly in my memory to replace reality. Perky breasts tipped with firm pink nipples appeared, along with the neatly trimmed triangle of silky light brown hair atop the puffy mound at the junction of her legs, barely revealing the ridge of her moist pink lips beneath.
My breathing quickened and I once again felt the swelling beneath my trunks as I visualized myself lying naked beside her. A conflict between desire and reality clashed in my mind. I needed to cool off -- both my body and my mind - before I did something I would regret!
Speaking to the love of my life I announced "I'm getting too hot here, I think it's time for a swim."
Joy responded "Me too. Let's go!"
I stood up and reached out my hand to hers. She grasped it firmly and pulled herself upright. We both kicked off our beach sandals. At the last minute I grabbed my inflatable Phillies beach pillow, which Joy had been resting her head on. I figured the additional flotation might make our swim more relaxing. If I only knew...
We quickly walked across the burning sands and strolled hand in hand into the eighty four degree waters of the Atlantic. Gradually we walked through the swells, soon reaching waist deep into the foamy water, the motion of the waves pushing us back toward shore with each wave, and the undertow pulling us deeper as the waves spent themselves against the shore.
As we became more comfortable with the wave action we gradually allowed ourselves to be drawn into deeper water until Joy's feet barely touched the sandy bottom as swells rolled by us in their journey to the shore line. Joy was submerged to her neck line, while I was standing solidly in mid-chest depth water. As we took in the scene around us we realized that there were no other swimmers anywhere close by, with the nearest being several football fields away, and the nearest sunbathers on the beach were located by the high rise condominium a block away.
I bobbed peacefully on the gentle swells, beyond the line of foamy breaking wavelets moving ashore, with the pillow floating free, the drawstring looped loosely around my neck. Joy, who was struggling to keep her feet on the sand each time the top of a swell passed us, decided to grab on to the floating pillow's handle for support, resting her chin on it, pulling us closer together. As our bodies bumped I wrapped my arms around her slim waist and held us together while we bobbed up and down in the swells. Her soft, full breasts teased my bare chest with each swell's passing. For several minutes we continued bobbing on the surface while she floated in my arms, enjoying our closeness.
Inspired by the moment, I brought my face to hers and began kissing her lips. She reacted by pressing her lips firmly against mine, allowing the floating pillow to drift to our side as we embraced, still tethered loosely around my neck. Soon her soft lips slightly parted and she began to nibble lightly on my lower lip. I allowed my lips to relax, and she slid the tip of her tongue over mine. Our tongues found each other's and they took turns teasing and playing as they explored. The desire for intimate contact that we had been denying for too long escaped from its prison in our minds.
We both began breathing more deeply, and our heartbeats quickened as our excitement grew. Our embrace became tighter. I became aware of the swelling of her nipples beneath her textured bikini top as they were rubbing on the sensitive skin of my chest. I also became aware of Junior's more substantial response, hidden beneath the surface of the sea. As our arousal intensified our awareness of our surroundings quickly faded away into nothingness, our world reduced a bubble limited to our mutual desire.
I brought my hands to Joy's chest, and began squeezing and rubbing both mounds until the palms of my hands could feel the hard protrusions of her nipples pressing against them. When Joy didn't object to my advance I ran my hands down, beneath her breasts and pushed the two triangles of cloth up and off the inviting globes, completely freeing them from the sheltering cloth, now floating loosely around her neck. Joy began to protest until I pointed out that no one but she and I could see her exposed titties between our bodies. A quick glance around us convinced her that her modesty was not at risk. Reassured, she relaxed and I resumed my exploration.
I turned my back to the incoming swells, facing the beach. That motion turned Joy's back to the beach and the towering condo, further shielding Joy's chest and my roving hands from the prying eyes of other swimmers and sunbathers on the beach.
Lifting her off the sea floor high enough to allow her breasts to float above the surface, I began licking and nibbling on the yielding, saline flavored flesh, alternating back and forth between them. Reaching her pointy pink nipples as they stood proudly erect, I flicked the tip of my tongue around and over them, causing them to grow even longer and harder. She purred softly in response as I squeezed and twisted her nipples, triggering her cries of pleasure.
Joy pulled herself tighter to my body, bringing my crotch into solid contact with hers. I felt her breaths deepen and heard her soft moans of desire. She began rubbing the crotch of her textured bikini teasingly from side to side across my groin. I reciprocated, mirroring her movements, dragging my now hard shaft back and forth across her mound, seeking to intensify the pleasurable sensations.
Triggered by the friction generated by our sexes rubbing together beneath the layers of material between us, the sparks of desire within us flared into flames of passion. The world around us receded, further obscured by the dense protective bubble of passion enveloping us.
Now fully erect, Junior's helmeted head was poking its way beyond the waistband of my trunks, begging to be released from the constraints of my swimsuit. I was no longer concerned with the conventions of public decency, driven only by desire. Reacting without thinking, I awkwardly yanked and tugged on my waistband one handed as I embraced Joy with the other until I managed to pull the suit free of my groin, leaving my trunks tangled tightly around my upper legs as Junior bobbed freely beneath the surface of the sea, buffeted to and fro in the shifting currents.
The passing of a rogue wave suddenly dropped the water level around us, and Junior broke free of the surface, dangerously exposed to any bystander who happened to glance our way! A thrilling mixture of surprise, excitement and fear of being caught exploded in my gut. However, before I could react the danger of being caught quickly ended as the next swell rolled past, returning the water around us to the normal depth.
Removing my arms from around my lover's waist, I slid my hands down her back, plunging them beneath the waistband of her bikini, and grasped the firm, smooth globes of her behind, squeezing them as I pulled her crotch tightly against mine. Her feet floated free of the sandy bottom as I stepped between her legs, wedging them apart. I pressed myself against the furrow in the center of her swimsuit and began stroking my thick, six and one half inch long shaft firmly up and down through the steamy valley as I rose and fell with the swells, feeling the heat now radiating from my lover's slit, hearing her soft moans in response. Pressed tightly against her, my hard shaft rubbed up and down with the motion of the passing waves, driving the cloth of her suit between her labia as they parted.
Joy gasped audibly as she felt my swollen head slide across her hard clit through the fabric, igniting the flames of our passion into a conflagration of uncontrollable lust as Junior cried out for access to the inviting passageway he craved to dive into.
Releasing her cheeks from my grasp, I grabbed the bikini's waistband and pulled it below her buttocks, then yanked the front side down just enough to allow me access to her welcoming pussy. I ran my hand through the furry patch at the juncture of her thighs and slid my probing fingers up and down between her outer lips, finding her swollen love bud as her hips jerked in response and her moans grew more urgent. Her slippery juices coated my already wet finger, and I pushed it through the opening, and into her depths. I began sliding it in and out as she rocked her body back and forth on it, then quickly added a second finger, stretching her tight channel for Junior's entry.
Meanwhile, returning my lips to Joy's breasts, I latched on to a swollen nipple and I began suckling on the briny surface. Feeling the quick intake of her breath in response, my tongue and teeth thoroughly explored one firm globe while my free hand explored the other, causing her to jam as much of it into my mouth as would fit.
Joy gasped "Harder... Don't stop!" as I intensified my suckling.
My hands joined to compress her breasts tightly together, teasing her nipples with my thumbs as I continued riding the swells. Meanwhile, Junior explored between her swollen labia and across her fully erect clitoris as Joy rocked back and forth seeking more stimulation. Thinking I could penetrate her without removing her bikini bottom I stretched the elasticized opening of the leg band to its limit, which permitted Junior's head to press into the opening to Joy's awaiting channel. Unfortunately I discovered the hard way that the suit wasn't stretchy enough to allow full penetration, my efforts causing the tender skin of Junior's shaft to scrape painfully against the unyielding material.
Ignoring the pain, I fought to penetrate deeper. I desperately bucked and twisted my crotch in a futile attempt to deepen my penetration, but the entanglement of our swimsuits around our thighs was an unyielding barrier to further progress. Blinded by lust, my concerns regarding exposure had been totally forgotten. Totally driven by primal instinct, I reached down with one hand and awkwardly ripped my suit down my legs and stepped one leg out of it, leaving it tangled around one ankle.
Naked and erect, exposed to potential observers completely, and at the mercy of the vagaries of the sea, I turned my attention to the obstructions that blocked my access to Joy's hidden treasures.
Before she realized my intentions I grabbed her bikini with both hands and yanked it down her legs and off her feet. Quickly stuffing it in the floating pocket on the pillow, I followed up by pulling the dangling material of her top over her head and off, shoving it into the pocket. Now we were both completely naked in the waves, and the danger of our first time ever public nudity added another layer of excitement to our already rampaging passion.
Our universe focused on my cock and her pussy as they demanded relief. Flames of desire exploded into a conflagration of uncontrollable lust. The world around us vanished as we focused on mutual satisfaction of our primal urges.
Grasping my rigid shaft, I feverishly began rubbing the head up and down along her slippery slit and over her clit as her womanhood hungrily bucked and jerked against me. As I completed a downward stroke between her inner lips Junior's swollen head slid across the mouth of her love tunnel, now swollen with arousal and spread open to me, no longer encumbered by her bikini. As we reached the trough and began to rise up, propelled by my push off the bottom the head of my cock rubbed firmly across her steaming entrance and the spongy head of my manhood tilted toward the opening.
Reacting to the opportunity I thrust my hips forward while yanking her pussy toward me, driving my manhood between her puffy, hot labia and jammed it through her opening. The head and the upper portion of my shaft penetrated before encountering resistance from her tightly clenched channel. I jerked and twisted my crotch desperately against hers, struggling to complete our union. The walls of her constricted passage stretched open grudgingly as Junior urgently plunged deeper inside her until his helmeted head slammed against her cervix and my pubic bone jolted against her tender clit. Instantly our fused organs generated a critical mass of energy which triggered a chain reaction of multiple explosions of nuclear magnitude centered deep in our merged sexes.
The muscles ringing her vagina contracted uncontrollably around my penis as she began to climax. Hot, slippery secretions flooded from deep within her as I struggled to squeeze even deeper inside her tight pussy, which was locked tightly around my shaft, her clit crushed between her mound and my pubic bone as she tried to smother the uncontainable throaty moan of passion escaping from her lips.
Meanwhile, flashes of intense light from behind me eyes obscured my vision. The pounding drumbeat of my racing heart overwhelmed my hearing. Jolts of pleasure raced up and down my cock, through my balls and throughout my body in response to the wildly contracting walls squeezing my rod. Contractions began deep in my groin, expanding into my shaft as it instantly grew harder, longer and thicker than ever before. I could feel the first rope of cum being blasted through my shaft and exploding from the tip to splash against her cervix as it nibbled hungrily on my glans. Again and again I felt shots of my hot, sticky white fluid launched into the depths of my lover's womb, mixing with the copious secretions pouring out from deep inside her.
Holding her tightly to me for what seemed like forever, I felt the aftershocks of her climax roll through her entire body until they slowly dissipated. The protective bubble of our passion began to lift and the world surrounding us came back into focus. We both savored the sensation of our genitals tightly locked together as we bobbed gently in the swells, regathering our wits, basking in the ongoing tremors of passion rolling through our groins as they continued being stimulated by the sea's rise and fall.
As we regained awareness of our surroundings the reality of our naked exposure elevated my excitement level, ending the drift toward deflation that was occurring within my shaft and inspiring it to fully engorge once again. I scanned around us for any possibility that we had been caught, but saw that no one was reacting to our passionate coupling, then refocused on our pleasurable connection.
Realizing that I was in danger of losing the swimsuit tangled around my ankle to the undertow I cautiously pulled it free of my ankle and stuffed it safely in the pocket of the float with Joy's bikini. With my still almost fully hard cock buried deep inside her body I felt Joy's pussy muscles contracting around my shaft. The "Motion of the Ocean" gently pulled, then pushed my sensitive rod back and forth deep inside Joy's hot, slippery channel while we floated together on the swells, igniting more sparks of pleasure, and stoking another conflagration.
Excited by the possibility of being caught naked, "in the act", I grabbed Joy's cushy buns firmly in both hands, pulling her to me once again, and lifting her feet from the ocean floor I implored her "Wrap your legs around my waist". As she obliged I plunged my cock deep into her hot, slippery passage, supporting her weight with my hands beneath her butt cheeks.
Locked in our passionate embrace we rose and fell atop the swells, locked together tightly. The rhythmic motion of the waves first squeezed the last millimeter of my length deep inside her, bumping her fully engorged clit against my pubic bone, prompting a shudder to ripple throughout her body and her vaginal muscles to contract around my shaft, then gently tugged our bodies to separate, generating ripples of shock waves to radiate throughout our merged bodies.
Soon, seeking greater stimulation, we began supplementing nature's momentum with cautious movements of our own. With each cycle we increased the range of our movements in harmony with the ebb and flow of the sea until the full length of my thick shaft was stroking the full depth of her welcoming channel. Controlled by the rhythm of the passing swells we unabashedly continued our tranquil lovemaking in the open, ignoring and being ignored by the world around us.
Our excitement level built slowly with each thrust forward and subsequent withdrawal, gradually drawing us closer to another overwhelming climax. To a casual observer we appeared to be just another affectionate couple embracing as we were enthusiastically riding the waves together, not realizing that we were naked and riding each other! Driven by the thrill seeker within that craved to be caught naked and fucking wildly in the ocean with my beautiful companion I fought against the temptation to draw attention to us,
Joy began to clench her pussy muscles tightly around my organ each time we collided, deep moans of pleasure slipping from her throat. I responded with more forceful thrusts into her depths, and groans of passion from deep within me were forced from my lips. Our heart rates climbed. Our breathing deepened.
Eventually we could feel our passion once again approaching the point of no return. Finally, as my feet landed on the sandy bottom one last time Joy's clit slammed down against my pubic bone and her pussy began to contract uncontrollably, squeezing my shaft tightly. Her crotch jerked spasmodically against my pubic bone, sparking lightning bolts to race throughout her body. I felt the juddering of her leg muscles locked tightly around my waist, squeezing the air from my lungs. I crushed her breasts tightly to my chest, crushing her straining nipples into my flesh.
My groin tightened as it again prepared to launch another flood of my cum. Contractions began deep in my groin, exploding throughout my body. A throaty grunt escaped from deep within me as my hot, cream raced up my shaft and shot from the opening, again splattering against her cervix as it fluttered rapidly over the sensitive skin at the swollen tip of my manhood.
As our contractions gradually diminished and came to a halt we clung tightly to each other, hearts pounding and chests heaving, faces flushed, gasping to replenish the air in our lungs and the oxygen which had been drained from our bodies by our massive orgasms. Rivers of perspiration ran down our bodies, flowing into the warm sea water.
I gasped "Oh...My...God!"
Joy, completely unable to speak, beamed excitedly and shook her head in affirmation as we slowly regathered our wits. Our celibacy vow was forgotten.
Gradually the blood that had pooled in my groin returned to the rest of my body. Junior slowly returned to his resting state, gradually returning to his resting state and slipping back into the sea. As our organs separated we loosened our embrace. Joy untangled her legs and lowered them from my waist. While we floated separately we reveled in the freedom of our nudity in the ocean, reluctant to end our exhilaration inspired by our exposure.
The sea water began rinsing our mingled secretions away as they oozed from our bodies. We took a few moments to scrub the sticky evidence of our passion from our skin, watching as thick globs of the evidence of our passion were carried away by the waves and the tide.
Looking up at the position of the sun in the sky we realized that we had enjoyed the beach for longer than we had intended and decided that it was time we left. I reached into the Phillies tote and withdrew a tangled mass of striped cloth from the pocket. Discretely restoring the tangled cloth to identifiable condition I lowered Joy's bikini bottoms into the water. Supporting herself by bracing one arm on my shoulder, Joy lifted one trembling leg then the other into the leg openings and I shimmied it up her legs until it once again covered her secret lady bits, which I had just experienced the pleasures of.
Pulling her bikini top out next, I hung it back over her head, grasped the bottom edge of the cups, and carefully stretched the triangles over her still heaving breasts, fully restoring her modesty once again. Joy discretely adjusted both pieces of the suit to the contours of her body to her satisfaction beneath the surface of the sea.
Finally I reached into the tote one last time, this time pulling my trunks from the pocket. I found myself tempted to toss them into the waves and proudly stroll out of the surf naked. Pausing momentarily to contemplate my choices, I realized that wisdom required me not to act so rashly. Sighing, I untangled them and stretched the waistband open to enable me to step into them beneath the swells.
Once we were both satisfied with the status of our coverage we embraced once again, then made our way on trembling legs through the swells to the sandy beach hand in hand. As we sat on our blanket while we dried off in the sun, contemplating our amazing day, Joy turned to me and wryly wondered "Did we really just..."
I responded with a shake of my head, quietly commenting "Did we ever...Twice!"
Completely at a loss for words, I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tightly as she returned my embrace.
Once we had dried off in the sun we packed up our beach gear, loaded it back into the car and drove back to the house, quietly reflecting on our adventure. When we arrived we rang the doorbell, and Gerri unlocked the door and greeted us.
"How was the beach? Did you have a good time?"
We answered "We sure did... It was incredible"
"It was too much fun!"
"We had a great day... on the beach and in the water."
After a short chit-chat we excused ourselves, showered to remove the crystallized salt from our hair and skin and dressed for dinner.
Later that evening Joy and I excused ourselves from our conversation with our hosts, retiring to our rickety army cots. When Joy and I were again alone I reached across the gap between the cots.
Taking Joy's hand in mine, I gently teased "If Gerri only knew what we did today... Her Baby Sister... Out of control... Naked in the ocean... Screwing like a rabbit...In broad daylight...At a public beach, no less! What would she say?
To my great surprise Joy responded "Who cares? That was the experience of a lifetime! I'm still tingling inside... I'd do that again... any day... every day... twice! I can't wait for the next time!!!
Thank you for reading! Please take a few moments to rate the result and/or leave a comment.