If you met her you'd swear that angelic-faced little Katie was kidding you about her 'in the mind' image problem. That is, until you see the sight of the sexy looking 4ft. 7in. pocket princess step out of her gleaming new BMW Z8 sports car and you realise that being tiny can have its advantages.
Thanks to her 50 year-old filthy rich Uncle Zach the entrancingly pretty but not so bright exhibitionist teenager got the luxury car for her 18th birthday when he delivered on a promise that he'd come good with something special on her birthday especially if she came good for him at the same time.
He didn't tell her what it would be just to drive her wild wondering, but she must have been really good for him to think of a luxury car in the first place when it could have been anything else. He's told her she's got to get a job without wasting any time now that she's finished her school days, albeit with 'fail' stamped all over her final report.
*Author's note: Before I take you to her latest attempt to find a job, let's just flash back a few weeks ago to when she went to her uncle's penthouse to get her birthday surprise, even though she had to wait two weeks after her birthday because he was out of town at the time. You can be the proverbial fly on the wall.
By the way, she wasn't called little Katie for being big. She had to wear the jibes about being the school's shortest student and one smart arse even said she should sue the council for building the roads so close to her bum.
She knows she doesn't have the allure of the taller, bustier chicks most men go for and it's why she developed a penchant for being somewhat provocative to make men notice her. Dressing today for the occasion she wants to make herself look super sexy for Uncle Zach because he believes in her and he's a big spender, a bachelor to boot, so she can feel right going there today in a very flirtatious mood.
Relatively speaking she feels he's relatively sexy anyway with his towering 6ft. 2in. frame built like an oak tree with his muscled arms and legs. And he can carry her easily under one arm.
Katie looks at her naked frame in the bathroom mirror -- the contrast to Uncle Zach's masculine might is unmistakeable with her comparatively little build, his shoulders so broad and strong, her shoulders narrow by women's standards; his chest so big, her chest not so with her tiny tits just the size of firm tennis balls made provocative by the way her rosy pink and seemingly oversize swollen puffy nipples jut out like pencil point mini mountain peaks.
If she had to score points for her bust she'd go bust but if she had to score points for the points of her bust she'd be well in front. At the back end though, her bottom is tops with the perfect balance of supple flesh nicely rounded and squeezable so there's no ifs about her butt.
Damn the knockers who think she's not seductive because Katie likes her big knobs and she wants a man to feel the same because in the mirror they stand out demonstrably despite her otherwise pocket-sized form. She's painted an edible lacquer all over her the uplifted areolas that make them glossy and a deeper pink. Her opaque black long sleeved silk shirt allows the captivating twin puffy nipples to push against the frail fabric and her sleek thigh high polyester mini-skirt falls just a mere inch down from the inside tops of her shiny smooth legs. She wants to be 'legs-actly' sure her uncle knows that she's worth every bit of his attention.
Underneath she dons her favourite translucent thong that barely covers her bare vulva with its generously formed outer labia giving the impression that while she's generally smaller than women larger than her, in the pussy department her deportment is right up there with the better looking ones. After touching up her blond fringe and ponytail and adding gloss to her full lips she straps up her five-inch high platform shoes to make her feel taller and heads out the door to hail a taxi cab.
Arriving at Uncle Zach's penthouse she throws her arms around him the moment he opens the door in a white knee length towelling robe. A young lady old enough to know better and looking so comely does not need to wonder what that bulky object is pressing upright against her torso if a man's pleased enough to see her.
"Uncle Zach I'm so excited, I've waited so long for this," she purrs as they embrace. "I couldn't believe that you had to be away on my most important birthday, I thought I'd be getting a big surprise there and then and you forgot, you naughty you."
"I'm here now and we're going to make it a late birthday celebration you'll never forget," he says in a 007 secret service kind of extra curricula commanding quiet voice. "You're looking quite a gal now," he says giving her a playful pat on the tail.
"It's so groovy of you to think of me like this," she beams and they kiss as his strong hands pull her lightweight body tightly against his bulk. While some things can get hard in a moment a kiss is hardly a kiss without the dart of a tongue. They hug again and just for good measure he lifts her off her feet and pulls her into his body so that her mini skirt rides up slightly.
His swollen phallus just so happens to be level with the very tops of her thighs as his big hands wrap around her posterior with his ulterior motive of pressing her softness against his hardness, and it works. Her kiss tells him she can feel how he feels about her.
Zach walks her over to his well- stocked bar where he beckons her to put her hands around the balloon shaped glass to properly warm the cognac he pours for her with a wink of the eye.
After 15 minutes gossiping he tosses her a daring skin tight one-piece pale blue coloured silk cat suit to change into for him. "I want to see you hiding behind this flimsy veil thing I picked up by sheer good fortune thinking of how it would look on you."
"Oooh this looks naughty," she carols. "Is this what you had saved up for my big day?"
"No, I saved up something else but it's sure going to make me feel better for forking out on the real birthday present, now go and put it on."
Katie emerges from the bathroom minutes later making his gasp.
"You little beauty," he gesticulates with a soft hand clap. "That's a perfect looking fit you look so utterly ravishing. Come closer my little pussy cat."
Katie stands in front of him and spins around and then very slowly turns in a full circle for him to judge her again, her breasts that miniscule all he notices is the way the big tips of them stand out against the sheerest of fabrics as noticeable as a searchlight beacon on a pitch black dark night.
The sheerness of the Thai-made garment pulls snugly into the crevice of her behind and from the front he groans again at the way the second skin wraps itself third-dimensionally over a 'purry' nice pussy. She can see him gawking and this is Katie at her exhibitionist best with one hand on her hip and the other behind her ear in a teasingly naughty gesture.
"Ten out of ten," he awards her with a careless lick of his chops. Katie smiles saucily at him, knowing that for someone so minute it takes less than a minute to be able to wrap a man so big around her little finger.
"Try imagining me on the catwalk at a fashion show," she giggles. "Oh well, an audience of one is better than none," she laughs and her bright white teeth sparkle.
The mini parade over she sits beside him and drapes an arm around his broad shoulders while she pecks him on the cheek. "You know I never want to let you down, I never could, you're the best uncle in the world," she purrs and her skirt rides up to the very tops of her thighs.
"I've got to admit it's been a long time coming until today but at my age it's nice to know you've still got a soft spot for me," he replies laconically.
"Oh but I always will..." she breathes in his ear..."not just because you've got more money than you know where or how to spend it, but because I love you, you're so macho. Uncle Zach you make me feel so protected against you... I just love being your little pocket princess," she coos as she delicately slides an exploring hand beneath the white bathrobe. The flat palm moves gingerly over the bulk of an eight and a half inch hunk of manhood stretching into fuller shape inside his designer jocks.Her brain sends a message to her nether regions and her pulse quickens.
Katie pecks him on the cheek again making him pull back in mock surprise. "Is that all it's worth, just a peck on the cheek? You can do better than that if you want to..."
"I'm just teasing," she replies as she pulls aside his robe to expose his manliness with only the white Lycra briefs on. Throwing him an innocent expression she pulls the top of his jocks downwards slowly and surely with seductive intent and his thickening erection pops out like a jack in the box.
"Oh my god, just look at it," she swoons, "just look at it."
Katie looks him in the eye with mock surprise. "How much does this thing weigh? Mmm...now I can see what you've been hiding from me all these years."
She grips it tightly as she leans over to his face in his slumped position and brings her face level so he can feel the body heat of a hot older teenager exploring boundaries with full intention of trespassing.
"Oh it's so big," she breathes, enraptured by its weapon-like status. "You've no idea how much I wanted to even just look at it. I'd go to bed at night and work myself up imagining what it could be like to have something big like this working away inside me..."
"Well now you know what it looks like all you need now is to get the thrust of it," he jokes.
"I will, I mean you will won't you?" she asks as she moves into a closer snuggling position.
"It's going to be a long night let's take our time," says the big man.
He feels the tip of her tongue wetting the sensitive membranes just inside his ear and hot breathing, her soft,sensuous, femme fatale kind of voice......"I want you to ravish me today big daddy."
Zach groans and with her hand encircled around his rock hard erection she slides her clasped fingers up and down the shaft with only light pressure. Her cheeky tongue penetrates his lips, swirling around like a snake in the grass and like a mongoose he grabs it tightly to hold it captive long enough to hear her give a soft moan. Mouths tightly pressed against each other, passion mounting,he feels both her hands working on him below.
Their tongues wrestle and twist about, holding, biting, letting go, sucking and sliding, their mouths totally closed against each other, two people groaning softly. He's thinking that such birthdays ought to come more often and in her mind all she's thinking of is what it could feel like to have his trunk-like boner thrusting mercilessly inside her while she's helpless on her back and his dominating 6ft 2 in. frame over her.
Suddenly Zach pulls away and shakes his head..."Dammit gal you're so fucking hot you'll make me cum in my lap if you keep it up, where did you learn to kiss like that?"
Her glossed lips move to his lower regions and she hops off the couch to kneel between his knees, pulling his underpants down his legs and over his feet so nothing's in the way. His bigness, not just being broad and tall but being so well endowed excites her. Katie's always had a thing in her curious mind about older men that she likes to look up to them. It doesn't matter how old they are she thinks they must have so much knowledge stored in their heads by being twenty to forty years older that surely they must be better lovers than young bucks of her generation who are probably all action without the style. And she thinks that the older they are the younger they want to get -- if they can get away with it.
She doesn't mind looking up to her uncle or think twice about the 32 years difference from her kneeling position on the floor. She happens to know that he didn't just invite her over to give her a gift without taking some liberty with her after years of watching the exotic transformation of her youth to her new found adulthood.
There's something about females that no man ever needs to teach for some reason or other; it's how to work their mouths around a perfectly poised penis being such naturals as though they were born to know. Being a natural prick teaser Katie can build lust that lasts longer and she's got Zach right where she wants him.
Very slowly her tongue moves over and around his big testicles, sucking on them in turn and intermittently licking the full length underside of his erection and making him squirm as he looks down at her doing it.
She stops for a moment just to smile at him and blow him a whimsical kiss. "Oh my god don't stop now, let me give you a mouthful, get your mouth around it ..." he begs.
"Naughty Uncle Zach, you should know that beggars can't be choosers, you must be thankful for what you get. If you want me to go harder to bring you off you'd better talk dirty to me, I'd like to feel slutty for you since we're family it can't be a romantic interlude. What would mum say?"
He groans as her lips encircle the sensitive end of his rock hard erection and she draws back tantalisingly. "Fuck Katie, I ought to strip you naked, tie you down on the mattress and have you stretched hands and feet to the four corners of the bed, put a blindfold on you and pour a jar of honey over those pointy ends of your boobs and your hairless pussy and invite some of those middle-aged men you told me you used to tease in the shopping centres to come in and lick you dry."
"Mmm" she murmurs, "mmm, I'd like that; keep me in the dark with a blindfold and those dirty old men leering at me naked after they catch me for acting suggestive in my mini skirt and tiniest thong the way I did; do you have their phone numbers?"
"Yes I do and I know they'd all want to fuck you, all three of them at once. Can you imagine it? Front door, back door, attic door all at the same time and you can't see which one's giving it to you the best."
Oh she's imagining it all right; too right she is as she stops rolling her tongue in every direction around his sensitive glans and gets the perfect pressure with her lips around it, her head bobbing about eagerly and making him groan more rapidly. Katie can tell he won't hold out much longer the way she's doing it twisting it around in her mouth and the way he's inhaling and exhaling more noisily.
She's got him like a puppet on a string as she clasps one hand around his tighter than ever testicles with soft squeezes and works her mouth like a machine to bring it on.
Inwardly, Katie's an erotic creature and, like many horny women, the whispers, sounds and thoughts of suggestive dirty talk makes her imagination let go and it's game on. The masculinity of his fully primed penis - so huge compared to her own clitoral erection - fascinates her no end and it's a battle for control -- her control over it or its control over her. Katie's fingers are dry but inside she's wet as the intensity of working him up to make him cum stimulates her mind to racetrack speed. And so is his blood pressure as he gulps air non-stop like a racehorse rounding the bend and going full stretch to the finish post.
Just as she's imagining those three men taking her greedily in every which way Zach stiffens and arches off the couch with a loud mournful sounding groan. She's ready for it and takes the first big burst straight down to the back of her tongue and before she can consider the taste his other jettisons aren't as well directed so that they land around her mouth and chin making her lick it up,blinking in case there's more coming. He watches her wipe her mouth and smile sweetly like a self-respecting female should after innocently getting down and dirty to do that so well.
"Oh my god, that was more than I expected, but it was good," she purrs looking every bit the feisty feline in her see-through cat suit.
"I've been saving it up," he confesses. "I get better with age like good wine."
Finally calm again. "Oh geeeezus you're good Katie, you'd bring a dead man back to life doing that. I'm so glad my sister's your mother."
He gives her a peck on the point of her nose and pulls his undies up again. Katie helps him tuck his pride and joy back in like a clucky hen. "I know," she quips. "That was just to let you know how good I am and since you think I could bring a dead man back to life I'm hoping you mention me in your will just in case I can't bring you back to life if you ever get too excited to handle me."
"What, not my last will and testament? I haven't even done a first one yet! Listen you little sweet bunch of honey drops I'll have you know I don't intend kicking the bucket for a long, long while but if I have to go one day I hope it's because of a damn good fuck and not getting hit by a bus.
"Listen, it's your birthday and so far I'm the one getting the goodies, how about I take you down to my car in the basement where I've been hiding your birthday present in the glove box? Oh, and better get changed again we don't want to bump into any dear old ladies to get the wrong impression about me. There are one or two old ladies a few floors down I ran into before that think I'm the ants' pants."
They take the high speed elevator to the basement without stopping for any little old ladies and he's got Katie thinking he's got something put aside for her in the glove box of his car.
They get out of the elevator and walk towards his shiny black 12 cylinder Mercedes CL600 and Katie goes ahead to make out she's opening the door for him.
"Wrong car," he shouts lightly.
"No it isn't, this is yours, of course it is I know the number plate," she argues back.
"Yes but it's still the wrong car; I came down here to show you your car, not mine. Look behind you kid."
Katie wheels around and seems stunned as she looks at the fire engine red BMW Z8 looking so sporty and sporting the number plate KatieHF.
"That's it kiddo," the cheeky red car, it's all yours baby."
Katie never expected anything as big a surprise as this -- jewellery maybe, a wardrobe of new clothes maybe but a flashy luxury car?
"Wow! Wow! Whee! A BMW that's unbelievable," she shrieks and squeezes him tightly. Just as well it wasn't in the wrong place it was that tight.
"Oh Uncle Zach I could eat you all up again and again this is so fantastic, I'll give you the best time in bed ever for this and any time you want me after that."
They get inside and she takes the wheel with him reminding her to go easy as it's a powerful 394- horsepower sexy grunt machine. She won't need her lights on high beam at night, her eyes light up just as good.
"Did you see the number plate?"
"No, I was just too star struck, why?"
"Get out and have a look kiddo."
Katie does and there it is 'KATIE HF.' She jumps back into the driver's seat again excited like a youngster unwrapping Christmas presents after Santa Claus came by.
"Hey that's real cool having my name on the number plate but what's the HF mean?"
"It's an acronym -- letters that stand for two words," he grins.
"I don't understand any clues?"
"Not telling except to say it describes my sexy little niece down pat."
Katie frowns, thinking to herself, and after a protracted silence she bursts into a giggle.
"Oh Uncle Zach you are so, so terrible, you're the one who's hot, I'll just pretend it means high five if anyone ever asks me."
The BMW tickles Katie's fancy big time with a real burble sporty exhaust note as she drives it out of the basement and away they go for a half-hour spin, Katie almost running up the back of a Mafia- looking dark windows black stretch limousine when it crosses into her lane without her calculating the extra length of the vehicle.
It leads her great protector to remind to her she mustn't forget that some things are longer than others even when they could look the same. When they return to his luxury pad half an hour later Katie gives him an impatient look. With a dig in the ribs she points upstairs. "Weren't you going to show me something in the master's chambers?"
"Oh yes! Like Meatloaf said himself...you took the words right outa my mouth."
She mocks him with a quick peck on the end of his nose. "I have a recollection sir that on my 18th celebration you wanted to do something that I might like. Hmm? They laugh spontaneously and Katie leaves the keys to the BMW on the coffee table as Zach holds out his arm and she takes it like a bridal daughter being walked to the altar by her father as they head up the staircase to the master bedroom.
He picks her up and sits her in his lap facing him on a big velvet bedroom chair to firstly lick all over her lacquered big puffy nipples before he puts his mouth over them entirely.
Katie likes the way he suckles her going from one elongated mound to the other back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth - his slippery tongue sliding across and over and around the upraised knobs and his teeth gently tugging on her erect nipples until he can feel her getting more aggressive with her stroking of his hair, her body heat warming up.
"Uncle Zach I want you to ravish me; I've waited so long for this you can do anything you like," she pleads.
"But I'm your uncle, I know it sounds nice to keep it in the family but if you want me to get downright dirty with you how about I make out I'm someone else so I can get extra dirty then it's not incest is it?"
No need to go to her clitoris to prepare her for his big dick as many a man might think he should because Zach can turn her on like crazy just whispering in her ear and priming her for the main course. He switches her mind off him and to what's happening in the guise of someone she'd normally never let touch her.
"Oh just do it," Katie implores."Please don't make me wait another day...you can be one of those dirty old men I told you about who were trying to crack on to me when I started going for the jobs, the ones that thought I was desperate, especially the man at the cabins hire place he was a shocker."
"You want some beauty and the beast stuff, some young and old submission eh?" he grins.
Katie says nothing but pulls his face closer and plants a hot kiss on his mouth.
"Do you know who you're kissing?" he groans between them taking air as they kiss deep and long.
"I'm the lecherous slob you refused to sleep with when I offered you the housemaid job at my holiday cabins last week. You sneaky little fuck you made a goat of me trying on that negligee just to suck me in... and you took off...well you're back where you started right where I want you in my cabin. This time you little pipsqueak I'm going to suck your hot sexy gob-stoppers. Talk about the young and the restless I'll fuck you like you've never been fucked before."
Katie can't resist the fantasy of something happening that shouldn't be happening and she squeals back, "Oh please don't put that big cock in me mister, it's like a barge pole and I'm only ...."
"Aha! You were going to say schoolgirl you little lying bitch," Zach the cabins park man grunts in her face as he literally tears her clothes of her with Katie making out she's struggling.
"Oh please don't do me," she pleads in style. "I'll let you take all the rude photos of me that you like if you save that big thing for someone else; I've never been with a man before."
"Ha! Pull my other leg," he laughs. "But yeah I will take some nice pictures of you come to think of it -- thanks for the idea, a bonus for me offering you the job in the first place."
"But mister I've never had anything in me like that -- I'm too small for something that big."
The cabin man laughs again. "Tell me a story, tell me a story, tell me a story before I go to bed....listen you little wannabe, by the time I get you warmed up you'll be wishing my big cock was even bigger once you feel it going between your sexy young thighs. Now get over here on the floor face down I want to watch you fingering yourself until you cum. I've got a camera right ready so lift that cheeky young arse up a bit...yeah, that's it, spread that leg across a bit more so I can see your hands coming from under you...and use two hands and more than one finger," he grunts as though he really means it. And he does.
Two men step back both and watch her lustily -- Zach and the man he's making out he is when he's not. Not that Katie cares; there could be a grandstand of men watching the way she's getting turned on and she wouldn't care she gets that hot.
She gives him a great display imagining he's filming her for his lurid porn collection, twitching about face down on the floor. If Zach thinks she's acting, he'll never catch her in the act because she's not acting; she's totally turned on feeling so raunchy he should blush. She works her body to one side a bit to change the angle and varying from one to all fingers at a time getting them jammed in up to her knuckles, holding and twisting about until mind over matter makes her lose control and she orgasms with long moans.
"That's a good show you put on honey, I'll get personal now," says the lecherous cabin man seeing her accommodating his dirty wish. "You need to be fucked for doing that in front of me," he admonishes sternly.
"I have house rules for house maids about decency in this place and too bad I caught you out lying down on the job playing with yourself. Now get on your back."
"Oh no, please it's too big I can't, you can't, please put it away," she begs Oscar nomination style.
Rather than put it away he straddles her chest showing her up close and more personal the brute- looking rock hard erection he's got for her, tapping the head of it against her half parted lips.
"Oh my god you can't put that in me, it won't fit," but try as she may he's not having any of her excuses.
"All right you little street slut or whoever you say you are I'll show you something, I'll show you that pussy was made for my big cock. Shut your eyes."
Zach grabs a toy he's had ready for Katie for this occasion. He holds the 10-inch vibrator that's shaped similar to an erect penis against her clitoris and flicks the switch that sends the vibration impulses through her most sensitive organ right back to her brain.
"Okay you little smarty pants if I can get this into you it proves you wrong." It doesn't take long before she's imagining eyes shut that she's helpless in the clutches of the lecher from the cabin park as she feels helpless with him sliding the rippled thick object between her invitingly wet lips. Zach watches as her moistened opening gives way so readily to the pushing action as he presses the penile invader in all the way to its hilt so she's got the maximum nine inches long and two and a half inches thick vibrating hardness inside her.
The moment Katie feels it -- she's only ever secretly tried decent sized bananas in the past unbeknown to those who know her - she gasps quietly and twitches her body impatiently. he's making the best of it as he slides the big silicon sex toy and its full bore shuddering vibrations in an out, in and out, in and out of her bare pussy gathering momentum and making her hips roll a few inches left and right on her shapely backside.
The broad girth of the ribbed vibrator stretches her inner labia wonderfully wide and the size of it pushes her outer labia out as he watches, and watches, and watches until his loins ache. It's an erotically suggestive sight for a man of any age to be seeing this up close as it tells so much especially when she can be whatever, whoever whenever and however he wants her to be in his mind.
Zach isn't the slightest bit romantic as much as he has tender feelings for his prized niece. "See I told you you're not too small for me to fuck you," he chastises. "If I can get this in you so easily you must want my cock real bad."
Katie's heard enough from Zach, he's got her soaked below making her feel she's really in the clutches of the salaciously sexed-up grub in track pants and singlet across town. She's now a wanton woman wanting it -- the real thing, hot rock hard male muscle meat in the shape of no end.
Zach carries her to his kingside bed where she gets it on her back, on her side; face down wheelbarrow style and upright bouncing, skewing about, leaning back and forwards pushing hard on the joy stick with her at the steering wheel for a change of direction, standing up against the wall, and upside down anal for good measure. It all lasted three hours with breaks so he could recover and go again.
Uncle Zach's big dong might well have started out as a force to be reckoned with but he sure finished up a spent force, both he and Katie near exhausted -- after all, it was a long time coming.
FAST FORWARD - Catching up from the past, at this very time Katie's chasing up an interesting job offer after being knocked back by more than 20 would-be employers in the past two weeks. She thinks it's her perennial problem looking too small, short or youngish for them to take her seriously.
Perhaps flunking her final school exams were merely coincidental considerations?
Uncle Zach showed her the adult classified advert and thought it was worth checking out since Katie always dreamed of being some kind of a fashion model. Of course, being a natural exhibitionist is one thing but fashion models are usually tall, sophisticated, statuesque and often top of their class if only in deportment. Little Katie finished school at the bottom of her class and in height would only stand about level with the chest of the fashion models kind she'd love to emulate.
She's about to meet a very sophisticated businesswoman called Lana who runs the 'Cherished Companions Come to You' family-friendly get together service after Katie rang the advertised phone number.
The office turns out to be located right behind and part of a fancy hot pink beauty salon in uptown main street where the rents are staggeringly high so Katie figures that they must be doing okay. Well, more chance they'll not want to put her off she thinks if they could put her on in the first place.
Meeting tall shapely business operator Lana is intimidating for the young hopeful from the moment they set eyes on each other and exchange names. In an instant Katie freezes inside as she sizes up the commanding sight of the six feet tall statuesque figure of a buxom and elegantly attired woman of about 35. In that opening moment, the time when your one to three minutes is enough for the other person to find something to criticise about you, Katie's earlier optimism sinks.
Katie's always been confident -- even cocky -- in front of her uncle because she knows he accepts her size and they get on well, but in front of strangers it's a new challenge.
The sophisticated voice over the phone earlier is matched by the physical image of the boss woman -- confidently poised and handsome with her long black hair flowing over tanned bare shoulders wearing a low cut black dress designed to set off her well-endowed equally tanned fulsome firm breasts that sit up provocatively without support. Her voice is penetratingly calm and direct.
And facing this Cleopatra kind of woman is little Katie looking every bit juvenile by comparison with her virtuous looking face and matching physical dimensions. She may well be cloaked in an ambience of innocence but as she stands before her prospective employer a shiver runs through her spine as she wonders what the other woman is wondering when their eyes meet.
The first job is always the hardest job to win and because of Lana's dominating height, assuredness, elegant style and on home territory cute little Katie might as well have stayed home.
It's not the BMW driving young teen's diminutive body that the businesswoman notices first and foremost, it's her face.
"You aren't what I expected," Lana commences as she closes the door and Katie feels as though she is shrinking further on the spot. "Do you have your proof of age with you, I must see it now."
Katie hands her the month-old driver's licence on which it states 18 in big letters.
"Do you know someone at the motor registry to get this through the system?
"Sorry, what do you mean? What are you talking about?"
"Your appearance...you must have a relative or a friend that got you this ID because you my dear young lady don't appear anything like what it says on this driver's licence. Look, I've got a business to run that must be complicit with the law on how old a person must be to do our kind of work."
Katie feels shattered, not knowing what to say.
"This is me," what you see is what you get, I don't know anybody at the motor registry, I'm like I am because when I was born I was tiny and young looking," Katie replies with a nervous shrug of her narrow shoulders.
The lady boss smiles.
That's cute young lady and I think you're very cute. I damn well wish I could believe you."
"Oh but you can, you have to believe me because all the others didn't and I need to work," she implores.
"Others? Are you going to modelling agencies hoping to get work?"
"No, just this place, the other places were employers looking for office juniors, even the burger joints knocked me back saying I should try again when I finish school. Lana looks at her studiously and says nothing for 10 seconds that seem like 10 minutes.
"Frankly I can't blame them, that's what I thought when you walked in the door, if you had not shown me your driver's licence I wouldn't be taking the discussion any further. Of course I'm taking your word that it's not forged by someone clever enough to do that. "
"I'm just out of school; I don't know anybody with that kind of influence so...."
Lana cuts her short.
"I saw you stepping out from behind the wheel of that expensive looking car parked on the kerb outside so you must know someone with influence to have that."
"Oh that's my bachelor Uncle Zach; he gave it to me for my 18th birthday."
"Well, well, well, lucky you. You seem well set up already, why the need for a job?
"I was told by my uncle I had to get a job real fast once I left school and not rely on him being wealthy."
"The car?
"Oh, that's his promise when I turned 18 I'd get it if I was good. My father died when I was younger and my Uncle Zach took over running things financially a lot to help mum. He promised me the car only if I was good because mum had a lot of problems with me misbehaving...showing off sort of...and he had the job of straightening me out."
"You must have been very good -- that's at least a $150,000 thank you for good behaviour."
"Oh but he didn't just give it to me like that I had to earn it," Katie naively explains, "By being good I mean."
The tall woman puts her hand to her chin and just stares at Katie as if she's trying to fathom something. "I wish I was sure about you; look, I'll have to look for myself," she says stepping over to the job applicant to unbutton her blouse and gesture for Katie to slip out of her clothes.
"Everything off please, we don't have secrets here. If you want me to take you seriously as a potential model I'm sorry I have to see you in the flesh."
"What? Am I supposed to get undressed just to get a job? That's what the man from the holiday cabins for hire place wanted me to do when I thought he said I looked meticulous but it turned out he said delicious."
Lana laughs off her weak protest.
"Young lady, we are in the business of employing professional models -- mature age to us is minimum 18 and the job relies on us making sure our models meet a required standard in their appearance, and of course, the more erotic looking the better because we are in the business of delivering fantasy dreams to our clients."
Katie winces but feels she has no alternative, but at least the door is shut so it's private enough. She stands there shivering inside but looking hot on the outside, her inexperience no option but to be put into the hands of an experienced glamour puss boss lady.
Lana's immediate reaction is to smile approvingly as she sets eyes on Katie's tiny firm breasts and the way the swollen broad puffy areolas are shaped erotically to perky points.
"This is beautiful." she hums to herself. "You're very small all over compared to our other girls but I must say I'm impressed because you have qualities that they don't possess. I'm going to ask my partner Angelo what he makes of you."
Lana picks up the phone and dials a number to reach him in the adjoining beauty salon saying 'you must come and look at this rather spunky young woman applying for the job we advertised and tell me if you think she's ideal."
Lana tells Katie not to be embarrassed at being in a state of undress because her partner Angelo does all the makeovers for the agency's models. She smiles sweetly at Katie and admits that in all her years running her fantasy models hire business she always hoped for a miracle.
"A miracle? You mean like winning millions in the lottery like my Uncle Zach?"
"No not that sort of miracle," Lana laughs. "I think you could be the miracle; I'll ask Angelo what he thinks because he knows some of our clients personally and what turns them on most when they employ our people.""
A minute later a middle-aged swarthy looking Italian man enters the room and Lana introduces him to Katie who's sitting on an office chair, undressed completely but her knees crossed modestly.
Angelo asks Katie to stand and turn around for him. His studious eyes miss nothing. He stares into Katie's face intimidatingly close and raises an eyebrow.
"You are very cute," he says. "I like that meaty tight backside - very womanly with your high cheeks nice and fleshy; that's a big plus in your favour."
He turns to Lana, nods and asks Katie to do a slow 360-degree circle again to gaze a bit longer at the sight of her generously proportioned pubic mound sweeping sensuously downward to a pristinely bare pussy and her equally smooth thighs.
He surveys her overall shape and nods approval, similar to what Lana said about her. "You are tiny compared to our other models but that makes you different and our clients look for someone different to the pack."
Katie gives an uncertain look smile in return. "Yes sir, but I can't help it if I look this way because I was born very little."
He looks closely at her hands and asks her to stand against the wall so he can check her height. "It's four feet seven inches," he tells Lana.
Katie breathes a sigh of relief when she's asked to get dressed again while Lana and Angelo step into the adjoining room to discuss her.
They no sooner close the door when they give each other a high five congratulations.
"I can't believe this," says Angelo. "Her face has such innocence written all over it as though she's the perfect virgin. Lana we have run this fantasy models service for five years now and more than half of our wealthy clientele are in the schoolgirl fetish category. I've never seen any of our girls come even close to matching this woman. She could do it without the special effects."
Angelo says they should sign her up before she goes somewhere else to work. "Mama Mia, what are we waiting for? "I think she's just perfect. I'm happy if she has a car licence to get to jobs. I can have her suntanned by this time tomorrow and she can start straight away."
"Settle down Angelo," Lana replies calmly. "Don't get so excited, I haven't even told her the pay rates and conditions."
Angelo goes back to what he was doing and Lana re-joins Katie who's now anxious to know if she's in or out.
"All right little Katie, we're going to put you on the staff." Katie's so excited she gives Lana a big hug. They sit down and from across the desk Lana explains what the job entails, describing it as the simple art of role model pretending.
"Firstly dear, it's not about sex it's about eroticism, your ability to be good company for the client who may have booked you to pretend you are a housemaid, a secretary, someone doorknocking, a neighbour's daughter, a schoolgirl or whatever takes their fancy. Could you do that? Can you pretend that well?"
Katie's keen for the job so she can show her mum and Uncle Zach she's not a layabout and she's up to the plate on this one.
"Oh sure, it sounds quite easy just pretending I'm someone else," she chortles with a ready nod of her head.
"What kind of clients do I have to talk to?"
"Oh they come from all walks of life, we even have a retired judge, several school teachers, a policeman, a clergyman, a doctor, a dentist, several photographers, a couple of high profile lawyers, my own accountant, a few chefs, a range of tradesmen and even a veterinarian and others I can't think of just now. They all have something in common Katie, they get bored at some stage and enjoy good quality female company of a kind they miss, or never had. Of course everything that's allowed in the true sense."
"Oh I wouldn't be doing anything wrong anyway," Katie jests. "But I can't see any problem just talking to them about their situation and seeing if I can motivate them even if it comes down to having to give them a kiss on the cheek or even just show a bit of leg if that makes them happy."
"Ah, yes of course Katie that's the general idea. Now how do you get on with older men because our clients range from 35 to mid-60s?"
"Oh that's no problem I've always had a thing about older men and it's why I get on so well with my Uncle Zach and he's 32 years older and seems twice the size of me. He picks me up like a rag doll and can swing me around anyway he wants me I'm so easy."
Lana smiles and can see it in her mind. Naïve as she is Katie never was one to make things sound the way she intended. She means the way he picked her up and swirled her around like a fast merry-go-round in the living room or the yard. Looking at her, Lana's thinking of something altogether different and in a different room to the living room.
"Katie we provide a working brief to you based on the client's situation and once you get there you work out how you do whatever you do but we insist that the customer is always right. You'll have to sign our model release to show we've exposed you to everything and that you're comfortable with working with us."
"I'm sure some of our dedicated schoolgirl fetish clients for a start will like you; gosh they might even love you..."
Katie says she can't wait. "It seems pretty easy just having to sit there with someone and look like I'm the age I'm not that they think I am because I'm not supposed to be that age until I get older."
Lara smiles and shakes her head; she can't help but warm to this newbie.
"Well Katie it's all about make believe, if you give them value there's every likelihood they'll invite you back or even give you a fat bonus which some of our more wealthy clients do."
"How much do you pay me anyway?"
"I never thought you'd ask. The standard fee our 18 only models earn is $300 an hour for a four-hour booking, but if you take on the premium assignments you can do much better; these are our reserve list of A+ clientele; people of high importance and influence on the community. They are the ones we like to give what they ask for because of their standing in society. This is where I think you can shine. We charge them much more and you will be paid much more. How does $500 an hour sound for four hours a time making one assignment pay $2000?"
"Oh my god, are you serious? It sounds unreal that's all, but what if they won't pay for someone as inexperienced and little as me?
"They will, they will, I know their habits so well, some of our best customers, even a particular man -- a clergyman - can be somewhat deviant given the opportunity.
"Deviant, what does that mean?" Katie asks.
"Oh, ahh, well it basically means someone who differs in something that's not the same as what most other people might think or do," Lana explains, completely bamboozling Katie who brightens.
"You mean like if someone is a gambler he could be a deviant because other people are not like him?"
(You know why Katie was bottom of her class.)
"Err, ah, yes I suppose you could say that," Lana responds.
"Sound cool," says Katie. "So when can I start?"
"Tomorrow. First I've got to put together a model profile of you and send it to all the premium status clients we have to see who wants you first...I mean who could be interested. I'll get you to come in here three hours ahead of your first appointment so Angelo can give you the total body suntanned look that lasts two months at a time. It makes our models look even healthier and classier."
Katie is miffed. "I can't believe all this is happening so quickly."
She leaves the premises impatient to tell dear Uncle Zach about finally landing a job -- not just a job but a plum job!
Half an hour later Lana's emailed a client alert to her A-list group to find out who's going to be first to employ Katie's suggested talents. It reads: "Introducing our new fantasy model discovery: Little Katie. She's an angelic-faced 18yr-old gorgeously sexy looking 4ft.7in. pocket-sized princess. She's blessed with seductively cute big pointy puffy areolas capping her tiny tits, a totally suntanned body, a sweet teen type high set cheeky bum and firm thighs to make you sigh. Katie's a dream come true. Innocence has never been so legally sexy." signed Lana with booking details.
Within half an hour of Katie's promo going direct to her clients' computers the replies start coming back begging to be the first to book her. Katie's hardly had a chance to get home let alone tell her uncle the good news that she's landed a job before Lana contacts her to say she's attracted lots of interest and it appears her job will be secured as long as she gives it her all.
NEXT: You'd be surprised who of all people wants most to get to meet little Katie.