If I 'get you off,' please take a few moments to tell me about it in the comments.
(Re-edited 3rd June 2021)
*
We'd fantasied about this night for so many years and now it was really happening.
My sexy wife was sat next to me in the back of the cab in a ridiculously tight black cocktail dress. From head to toe, she was perfect. Her toenails were painted black. The black nail varnish contained silver glitter which twinkled from the London street lights, which flashed past outside. In addition to her nail vanish she wore only her high-heeled shoes and the tiny black cocktail dress. Nothing else. No underwear.
An hour earlier, I'd sat in the armchair of our hotel room watching her get ready. She had planned to wear a sheer, lacy, half-cupped bra and matching black panties, which she had put on and taken off three or four times before she'd built up the courage to leave her underwear on the bed.
Watching Carly paint her toenails, rub lotion on her toned tight body and apply her make-up whilst completely naked was (and still is) a favourite pastime for me.
Carly had worked hard to get her figure back after having the kids and I was the main beneficiary of her efforts. In return for her efforts to look so good, I would reward her with pleasure. She has always had an insatiable appetite for sex and I spend hours with my head between her legs using my mouth to bring her to orgasm.
So many of our friends, male and female, have complained to us over the years about how the excitement in their relationships has died away over time. I, on the other hand, am lucky because, for a 33-year-old mum of two, my horny wife likes to cum at least twice a day. She'd confessed to me in the most casual of fashions that most mornings she will use the water jet from the shower head on herself as it's a nice way to start the day.
I pressed my hand onto her knee and gave it a gentle squeeze. She looked at me and I asked softly, "are you ok?"
She smiled and said, "yeah, I'm excited but nervous babe".
I squeezed her knee again and offered reassuringly, "I know. I'm nervous too. But remember, we don't have to do anything if we don't want. We can leave whenever we're ready".
She smiled and nodded.
A few minutes later the cab pulled over and we were quickly stood on the pavement.
It was nearly 11 pm and the small discrete sign on the door was barely visible. I took Carly's hand and we stepped forward together. I pressed the buzzer next to the black engraved business plaque. It simply read, 'Members Club'. The door buzzed and I pushed it open.
We stepped inside and a very attractive young lady greeted us.
"Welcome to Club Satisfaction," she said with a broad smile. "Can I take your names please?"
We gave our names and whilst she found us on her list I admired the entrance hall which was surprisingly grand compared to the understated door from the outside. The walls were dressed with purple velvet curtains and the carpet was a long deep black shag.
The hostess add a little tick next to our names and moved to open a heavy red, crush velvet curtain and we were shown through to the bar area. The bar was reasonably busy and we selected a little table in a corner. Our table was a semi-circled booth which allowed us to sit cuddly closely together and to survey the room. Another beautiful young woman came over and took our drinks order.
Without a doubt, we were nervous. We sat silent and pressed very closely together. Subconsciously we were using our little table as a barrier, a defensive shield that we were safe behind.
We both looked around the room, looking for some reassurance that we weren't too far out of our depth or for some comfort that we had made a big mistake.
For many months, if not years, we had fantasies about Carly being with another woman. We had even signed up for a swingers website and attempted to meet someone online. The realities of it however were that it needed us to be more open than we wanted to be. We didn't want someone coming into our home and understandably young attractive women didn't want to meet a random couple in a hotel using fake names.
Tonight was different. Tonight we were incognito. We had planned how we would deal with different situations. We had changed our names and practiced using them and we had a safe word which either of us could use at any point if we felt uncomfortable with how a situation was playing out. We even had an emergency word which was to be used as an 'I want to leave right fucking now.'
As I surveyed the room I started to realise that it was actually not too different from any other bar. 'Ok, Yes, the women were dressed a little more sexily'. Their dresses were certainly shorter than they might be on a usual night out. The length of their skirts were purposefully slightly too short thus allowing their stocking tops to show. Their heals were higher than they might usually be and their necklines more plunging. In general, there was a little more flesh on show than might be acceptable in public. Finally, there was more tight-fitting, leather, and PVC clothing but in general, it was normal(ish).
Any slight over exaggerations in 'attire' by the girls was quickly offset by the guys. With the exception of one guy who was wearing leather trousers, a black string vest with a collar around his neck with a lead that led to a clip which was fastened onto his wife/partners wrist, the men were all dressed very smartly, and as if they were spending the evening in a nice gastropub, or similar. Smart jeans, shoes, and shirts.
I felt myself relax slightly and in turn, Carly seemed to also loosen up. I felt us physically reduce the pressure of how we had sat so tightly together. As we did so our drinks arrived.
The waitress unloaded her tray onto our table. She placed the ice bucket and glasses in front of us and then unwrapped the champagne and expertly eased the cork from the bottle. The little pop caused a few people to look over.
She poured the two glasses and placed the bottle back into the bucket. Instinctively, I offered, "please help yourself. If you'd like a glass'.

The waitress smiled politely but didn't say anything. She just turned and headed back towards the bar, weaving through the small crowd of people. I couldn't help but notice that she was very attractive and I found myself quickly evaluating her against my wife's (often discussed) criteria of the type of girl she wanted to 'be with'. Without a doubt, our waitress, with her long brown hair, long slender legs, and tiny waist, easily met Carly's requirements.
As I pondered her suitability she reemerged back through the crowd. She was holding an empty champagne flute and making her way towards us, smiling. Without needing to be asked again, she squeezed herself in next to my wife and poured herself a glass of the champagne.
She introduced herself as Megan and asked us confidently about how long it had taken us to muster the courage to visit the club for what was evidently our first time. She set us instantly at ease, and we laughed at how obvious it must have been for her to tell that we were indeed, 'newbies'.
She told us that she was one of the managers at the club and that her role was to be a 'hostesses' which meant she didn't have to be behind the bar and that as long as the guests were having a nice time then she was free to move around the club as she wished, including sitting with us and having a few drinks.
Carly and I listened very happily as Megan explained to us that most of the married couples that visit the club are all looking to do the same thing. She said that 'they are almost always there to help the wife play out their fantasy of being with another woman. Carly's blushes, little giggles and subconscious eyelash fluttering as Megan spoke were clear signs that she was hugely enjoying Megan's company.
Megan told us that, usually, the desire steamed from an earlier experience with a girlfriend. Usually a sleepover with some experimenting. Usually, not much more than kissing or fingers but a memory nonetheless, that had stayed with them ever since then, and that they had now gotten to a point in their life then they finally felt confident that they could explore those feeling and act on them.
It was music to Carly's ears and she nodding eagerly and confirmed (as I well knew) that, this was exactly the case for Carly and that her experience had been with a slightly older female cousin and that the cousin had kissed her and used her fingers on Carly and then that Carly had returned the compliment on her cousin. Carly confessed that she had never forgotten the experience and that it was a 'go to' fantasy for her when she was having (what she referred to as) alone time.
Megan confessed that she had a similar story and experience involving her two sisters. She described very candidly a story about how, on many occasions, her sisters and her would experiment on each other using mouths, fingers, hairbrush handles, and even their mum's vibrator from her bedroom draw. She told us that they'd all lay on the bed and pass it around one after the other. She had a captivating laugh and the unbelievable naughtiness of the conversation was definitely affecting both Megan and Carly. I knew that my job was to keep my mouth shut and to feel very lucky to have a front-row seat to watching these two beautiful, sexy women exciting each other.
I raised my hand to capture the attention of another member of staff and without saying a word (as I didn't want to stop the girls chatting) I tapped my finger on the top of the now-empty bottle of champagne, signalling that I'd like a fresh bottle. It was promptly replaced with a new bottle. I refilled our three glasses.
Carly had turned and was facing Megan. Their body language was palpable as Megan had opened her body to Carly completely. Carly skilfully used her left hand behind her to hold my thigh keeping me closely pressed behind her. I would occasionally kiss her softly on her neck as she stared at Megan's mouth, watching her brightly painted, red lips dance as she told her about her erotic experiences.
Megan moved her hand, gesturing as she spoke but then allowed it to come to rest on Carly's knee. On any usually night this part of Carly's leg would have been covered by her skirt of dress but as Carly was wearing a shorter-than-normal black cocktail dress, her hand easily slid up Carlys hot and excited thigh.
What happened next was like witnessing chemistry and biology in front of my very eyes.
As Megan's hand came on rest on Carly's thigh, Carly in turn, instinctively parted her legs very slightly. It was a beautiful, evident and obvious signal of consent for my wife for Megan to continue. It was a 'green-light,' and Megan did not need to be asked twice.
In one motion, Megan leaned in and kissed Carly on the mouth whilst at the same time sliding her hand further up Carlys dress until her fingers reached the top of her thigh and made 'first-contact' finding her wetness.
I have known my wife for a long time and when she is excited, which she definitely was now, I knew that her pussy would already be a flood with sexual juices.
My cock leaped to attention in my jeans and the tightening of the material was enough for Carly to realise and she moved her hand onto my straining bulge.
Carly and Megan continued to kiss and Carly shifted slightly allowing Megan better access and to work her fingers deeper into my wife.
This continued for a little while. Their kissing was growing with intensity and Carly continued to squeeze and caress my straining member through my jeans.
Neither Carly nor Megan had noticed that another couple had made their way toward our little table and were now stood watching the three of us.
Carly expertly unzipped my jeans and my cock bounced free instantly. I felt a little panic initially at the idea of being exposed but I had to tell myself that this was ok. This is what we were here for.
We were starting to attract a little attention, although I was also noticing that various couples around the bar area were also starting to mingle. Many were kissing near the bar and the guy on the lead had been led by his partner, on all fours, and was sitting obediently at her feet whilst she had squeezed herself in between two gentlemen on a sofa on the other side of the bar. The two men were pawing at her excitedly. One of the men had pulled down her top and was aggressively sucking and biting at her nipples and the flesh of her breasts whilst the other man had his hand pressed deep into her crotch and was rapidly pumping his fingers in and out of her.
A young couple that I had noticed at the bar had slowly been making their way towards us and now stood directly in front of us watching my wife gently pumping my cock with her left hand whilst she used her right hand to squeeze her new friend's beautiful breast which she had expertly wriggled free releasing them from her dress.
The couple stood watching us and kissing each other. They were slowly caressing and rubbing their hands over each other. I thought that for them it might not be very different to watching porn together, as a couple. It just that this was 'live'.
This was a mutual and unspoken arrangement. Very similar to when Carly and I had used video chat rooms with other couples. There was an excitement in being exposed. An excitement in being watched and an excitement in other people being aroused and turned on, to watch you.
Megan was kissing Carly deeply whilst softly working her fingers in my wife's wet hole. I felt like I might genuinely faint as I watched this sexy young woman using her fingers deep in my wife's pussy.
Everything that happened after that point is a blur. I can't promise that I will tell you it in the right order as so much was happening, all at the same time.
The guy watching us introduced himself as Mike and said, 'this is my wife Dani'. He asked if his wife could sit down next to me. I said yes, without really thinking about what it might 'mean', or infer or be an acceptance of, but as she sat down she instantly dipped her head and took my cock into her mouth.
Carly obviously felt something against her hand which was likewise on my cock and she turned to look. I had a fleeting moment of panic and I didn't know how my beautiful wife might react to seeing another women's mouth on my cock, but Carly moved her hand down and grasped my member at the base holding it firmly for my new Dani's mouth.
Dani's mouth worked my cock hard and fast straight away. She took me deep into her throat, swallowing me easily. This is a skill set that Carly didn't possess and it was an exciting feeling. However, I knew that I didn't want to cum too quickly.
Carly must have felt my 'twitch' which was a sure sign that I was getting 'excited'. She grasped my cock hard, knowing how to control my orgasm. Whilst this was happening my blowjob friend had moved herself and dropped her knees onto the floor. Mike lifted the table away so that she could kneel directly between my legs.
With the table out of the way, Megan also moved to the floor and replaced her fingers with her face into Carly's crotch. Carly slipped her foot from her shoe and lifted it onto the seat. In doing so, she opened her sexy, pink pussy wide allowing Megan's mouth and tongue full access to explore her. Carly and I could now kiss and we did. Hard and passionately. We kept our eyes open and locked on each other. We spoke with our eyes. So clearly and honestly. We were together in our ecstasy. My cock deep in the throat of the young lady kneeling between my legs whilst sat next to me my wife had another beautiful young creature hungrily licking and eating her pussy.
Carly and I continued to kiss whilst our sexual servants serviced us until I felt movement at my feet. Mike was now also kneeing. He'd position himself between Megan and his wife. Once again, I had a momentary flash of concern at the idea of another man about to use his mouth on my wife's pussy.
As he leaned forward his partner pulled my cock from her lips and pointed it at his face. His head moved down and (almost in slow-motion) he opened his mouth and his beautiful wife guided my cock to him and he sucked my dick deep into his mouth.
I had, until that second, never had any experiences of a homosexual nature. That is not to say that I hadn't considered it. Although I had no intention nor desire to suck a cock myself I was in no way offended by this turn of events. I was, however, again, slightly panicked at what my wife might think of another man kneeing between my legs with my dick in his throat.
The answer was instantly clear as I looked at her face. She was transfixed and growled in a low and husky voice that 'it was the sexy fucking thing she'd ever seen.'
She watched this young man expertly working my cock in and out of his mouth and I was instantly very conscious that he knew what he was doing. I'm guessing that being the owner of a penis of his own, he knew how to work it. I could feel my balls tightening and my orgasm approaching, fast.
I kissed Carly again but then pulled her ear to my mouth. I didn't know what to do, so I whispered to her, 'this guy is gonna make me cum babe'. My breath was starting to come in short pants and Carly could sense my nervousness.
She didn't respond. Well, at least not verbally. Her response was one of being, tipped over the edge' and he orgasm came fast. She grabbed Megan's head and crushed it into her pussy. She used Megan's face to grind out her orgasm and Megan responded with renewed delight and enthusiasm licking and jawing deep into my wife's wide open legs.
This was too much for me and I put my hand on my male lover's head as a warning. Dani was one step ahead of me and was already saying to me 'do it, cum in his mouth,' before she'd finished her words I was erupting my first jet of semen into his mouth.
He knew how to take it. Deep and straight into his throat. He swallowed a second time as my cock pulsed again in his hot mouth. I could feel his tongue wrapping and lapping abound the bell of my cock as it jerked each spurt of cum. My legs shock beneath me lifting me almost off my seat.
Again, the next few moments were a blur as my orgasm subsided. Mike expertly milked the last drops of cum from my cock and allowed my dick from his mouth. He turned to Dani and kissed his lover deep and passionately which she welcomed. She hungrily licked around his lips. He turned and kissed Megan as well which she also welcomed. I could see Megan's face was wet from Carly's pussy and they both savoured the juices from each other's faces.
Carly and I were flaked against the sofa but exposed, exhausted, and spent.
Megan, Mike, and Dani all slowly stood and tidied themselves slightly. They were all smiling. Pleased with their work. Megan casually slipped her bare breast back into her dress and as I clumsily attempted to folder my, still half-hard, cock back into my jeans. Mike stood up and moved the table back in front of us so that Carly and I could reach our drinks.
Carly was still breathing deeply although she was slowly regaining some composure. She still had her foot up on the seat next to her with her beautiful pink, soaking wet pussy open and exposed for all to see. She turned and kissed me.
We took our glasses of champagne and both drained them without saying a word. Carly lowered her leg and slipped her foot back into her shoe.
As we placed our glasses back onto the table Carly quietly whispered that maybe 'that's enough for one night'. I used my eyes to signal my agreement and we made to leave.
Megan, Mike, and Dani had melted into the crowd and I couldn't see any of them. Others that had previously been enjoying our show had also moved on. I could see several couples, and groups engaged in various acts of play around the room.
No one paid us any attention as we stood and I took Carly's hand and we glided quietly out the bar and towards the exit.
Outside, in the cool evening air, I noticed Carly gripping my hand very tightly. We crossed the road and hailed a cab without speaking.
Once we were safely in the cab and roaring back through the dark quiet streets of London towards our hotel I asked Carly if she was ok. She purred softly and nestle into my shoulder deeply showing me she was happy, contented, and very satisfied.
It was safe to say, we would be back.
It takes a long time to write these stories and I enjoy doing it but I really want to hear your thoughts and comments.
If I got you off, please take a few moments to tell me about it.
This is an original story by Inhales Deeply