A Country Getaway Part 02
My thanks to the anonymous submission of feedback with the suggestions on plot development for Part 02!
After breakfast and clearing the table, Bridget and Sarah showered and decided to go for a hike in the woods surrounding the cabin. Bridget wore loose sweatpants and a tank with her Converse, and Sarah had put on some chevron-patterned leggings with her oversized tank. Both were sporting messy buns of half-dried hair thrown up on top of their heads. Strolling arm in arm, the best friends chatted about the fauna they saw and the bonfire the night before. Eventually the chatter settled into a comfortable silence.
After a few minutes, Sarah tensed up her face. "You know, Tom's been watching a lot of porn lately," she said quietly.
"Oh? Anything I'd like? I bet he likes those big booty girls, he seems like the type," Bridget teased. When she saw Sarah's contorted face, she became serious again. "I'm sorry. Is it causing problems?"
"Well," Sarah said hesitantly, "I don't have a problem with porn really, but he watches so much of it I think that he is starting to have some performance issues with me. We haven't had good sex in months. I guess I'm just not as hot as those girls he watches."
Bridget stopped abruptly, causing Sarah to jerk backward and almost lose her footing. "I don't believe that." Turning to Sarah, she took her face in her hands and squeezed, causing her lips to pucker awkwardly. "You are gorgeous. I mean, just look at you! Most women would kill to have breasts that perky at our age." With that, she let her hands slide down to Sarah's breasts to squeeze them lightly, then bounced them up and down. "See? You're stunning with absolutely no makeup, your skin practically glows. And you're fit, you've got an ass I could bounce a quarter off of. That's no joke! Must be all that running you do." Bridget slid her hands down Sarah's waist and around to cup her buttocks. "Damn."
Sarah giggled and blushed. "Stop it, Bridget!" she said a little breathlessly, playfully swatting at Bridget's hands as they groped her ass. "Someone's going to see us!"
"No one's out here, Sarah. We are in bum-fucking nowhere. I could yell and they wouldn't hear me." With that, she threw back her head and let out a whoop so loud that Sarah covered her ears while she laughed. When Bridget was done howling, she looked down at Sarah, just a few inches shorter than her. "Do you want me to stop?"
They stood for a long moment holding each other, Sarah's arms draped over Bridget's shoulders, their faces close and their bodies pressed against each other. Sarah's breathing was measured and forcibly steady. She thought about all the times they had touched before... playful, innocent touching. Hugs, kisses, even slapping each other's butts and playing with each other's breasts, all out of friendship and enjoyment of each other without a hint of sexuality. They'd seen each other naked plenty of times, had sleepovers in the same bed. But had it been that innocent the whole time, even for her? This felt different somehow, more serious, like something might come of it. Did she want that? All she knew was that she felt safe and for the first time in a very long time, turned on. Did it matter if it led to something else or if she could just indulge this once, especially if it had been so long since she had felt this way? Her desire flooded through her memories, seeing Bridget in a new light, and she was captivated.
"No," Sarah finally said under her breath. She looked up at Bridget, being absorbed and taken in by those lovely, plump lips. Acting on impulse, Sarah pushed up on to her toes just a bit and kissed Bridget gently. Bridget uttered a surprisedmmphbefore returning the kiss, closing her eyes and enjoying the first long taste of her best friend's mouth. Their soft lips explored each other, Bridget slowly inserting a bit of tongue just to test the waters. Sarah hungrily responded, pulling Bridget down into a deeper kiss and moaning in the back of her throat, her tongue lashing out.
The kiss lasted forever, and when they parted, breathless and surprised, they didn't want to quite let go of each other yet. In wonder, they just looked at each other with fresh eyes.
Disengaging reluctantly, Sarah became shy suddenly. "There's something I want to show you," she said, turning to walk slowly. Bridget smiled mischievously and grabbed her hand as she joined her.
"There are lots of things I want to show you," she replied flirtatiously. Sarah blushed.
As they walked, Sarah turned to Bridget with a teasing look. "So you and Freddy seemed to get along pretty well."
Bridget smirked. "Yeah, I guess you could say that. He's really good looking."
"I know, right? He is soooo hot."
Bridget looked at Sarah quizzically, raising her eyebrows. "Yeah... okay..."
Sarah peered back at Bridget, then let loose a startling guffaw. "Oh my god! Bridget!" she cried, laughing so hard she had to stop walking and bend over. She laughed so hard she started coughing. Bridget slapped her on the back, still confused. Once Sarah recovered enough to speak and could breathe again, she said "He's m-my step-brother! We're not related. I wish you could have seen your face!" Sarah burst into a new fit of laughter.
"Oh for Pete's sake," Bridget said, starting to laugh herself. "I was really worried about you there for a minute!"
They continued walking, and Sarah explained to Bridget how her divorced mother had remarried when she was eleven to a man that had a son. Thus, her step-brother Freddy. Freddy had spent most of his time at his mother's house, and visited his dad on the weekends and a few weeks over summer.
"Man, he made puberty awkward," Sarah said. "It felt weird to have a crush on my own step-brother. I didn't know what to do about it."
"Oh, I'd know what to do about it," Bridget replied. The girls looked at each other and giggled again. "Have you ever wanted to do anything with him?"
They came to a clearing, and in it was a run down abandoned cabin with no front door. It was a one-room house that looked like it had been taken over by the forest, its windows missing and the vines growing up the sides. It was small, really only about a hundred square feet.
"This is what I wanted to show you," Sarah said, leading Bridget into the cabin. "This is where I always played as a kid." The boards creaked as they stepped in, and it felt surprisingly clean and aired out for being so old. "I think someone used to camp here years ago. It seems so much smaller now that I'm an adult. I remember it being huge when I was little!"
"Did you ever take Freddy here and play doctor?" Bridget waggled her eyebrows at Sarah, and Sarah giggled in response.
"Goodness no! I could never bring it up to him. It's too embarrassing. If he ever knew what I thought about doing with him, I'd just die!"
Bridget walked in a circle around Sarah slowly, letting her hand trail up and down around her waist and hips as she spoke. "But if you could, you'd totally fuck him."
Sarah watched Bridget move, entranced by the sway of her hips, her chocolatey-smooth voice, and the feeling of her fingertips brushing lightly against her. "Yeah, I totally would," she confessed, trance-like. "And Tom would even like that if I did. He wishes I'd act more like you. I think he's jealous of John. I kinda wish I could do that too."
Bridget came to a stop behind her and slowly pulled Sarah's hips back against her. "What do you want to be? Tell me."
"I want to be more like you. To have power like you, to make guys want me. To be able to have anyone I want. I want that, but man, Tom would lose his mind. In a good way."
"Who would you want to make you a slut for Tom?"
Sarah leaned back against Bridget, her heart racing. "I'd want for someone to take me and make me do what I'm too scared to do myself."
"Aww, sweet girl," Bridget sighed. "You need someone to teach you how to express yourself, huh?"
Sarah's throat clenched, but she made herself speak. "Mmm, yes, I need to be taught. Will you teach me? Please?"
"You'll need to give me your power, Sarah, until you can handle it yourself. Give me permission to teach you in a, hmm... hands-on way. Can you do that?" Sarah nodded, her breath catching in her throat with her arousal at the thought of this goddess showing her how to take over and dominate like she did. She'd watched Bridget's magic with the men (and the women!) she teased, but she was surprised at her own reaction to this kind of attention from her. She suddenly understood the helplessness she'd seen in so many people's eyes when Bridget turned her gaze to them. It's like she bled an undeniable, overwhelming sexuality. She knew she trusted her enough to give in, to give herself over to the pleasure she'd been too afraid to explore.
Leaning her head down, Bridget placed a kiss on the back of Sarah's shoulder and deftly slid her left hand under Sarah's shirt, up and over her stomach, then under her sports bra. Gently teasing her nipple with her fingers, Bridget leaned in to Sarah's ear. "Let's talk about Freddy. Your secret fantasies about him. You'd take his big cock in you if you could. You want to feel him slide into you. You want him to pound you until you're numb. You're such a secret slut, Sarah. You know you are."
Sarah moaned and her knees buckled a little, causing her to lean back against Bridget. "Yes, I really want to be," she said.
Bridget slid her right hand under Sarah's shirt, up to her stomach, and gently slid her hand down into Sarah's leggings. Finding her lips on her freshly shaved pussy, Bridget used two fingers to pull her lips apart, and her middle finger to take some of Sarah's wetness to use to stroke her swollen clit. Sarah's legs buckled more as she received the pleasure, and Bridget held her tightly against herself. "I think you should bemyslut, Sarah, and let me teach you how to take him," she whispered into her ear, licking the lobe and then biting it, her breath hot against Sarah's ear and neck. Sarah cried out and bucked against her.
"Oh, can I please be your slut?" Sarah sighed, groaning and pushing herself against Bridget's hands. Her moans became louder and louder as Bridget toyed with her, sliding her fingers inside and then out to stroke and circle her sopping lips.
"Mmm, you're such a lucky girl. I happened to bring my new strap-on that John bought me. I can use it to teach you how to let go and enjoy yourself. Like a practice session. How about we try it out tonight?"
Sarah shuddered with pleasure and anticipation. "Please?" she moaned.
Releasing Sarah, standing her upright and turning her around, Bridget slowly licked her fingers as Sarah watched open-mouthed and practically drooling. "Oh, mmm. Ahhhhhhhh.Mmmm.You are delicious. And I love it when you beg." Bridget pushed her fingers into Sarah's mouth, and Sarah stared at her as she sucked on them.
"It's time to head back. But we're going to come here tonight. We can't do this at the house, you're too loud." With that, Bridget winked at Sarah and turned to walk out, leaving Sarah gaping after her.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Back at the cottage, Sarah's mother had fixed lunch for everyone. Bridget was the last to fill her plate, and as she piled it high with sandwich fixings and fruit, Freddy walked in.
"Look at what the cat dragged in," she said, winking at him. Surprised, Freddy actually blushed. He came up close behind her so he could speak low and not be heard.
"I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me last night." Sheepishly he raked his hands through his hair. "I didn't mean to take advantage of you."
Bridget turned her head over her shoulder and cocked her hip, leaning slightly into him. "Freddy dear, do you really think you would've been able to do anything I didn't want you to do?" Still holding her plate in one hand, she reached the other behind her to graze his crotch, running her fingernails over him again. "Mmm, but I see you're happy to see me anyway, penitent or not."
Freddy blushed harder, and that made Bridget giggle. "I j-just didn't want you to r-regret anything. I know you're married, and I respect that. I got caught up, I didn't mean to..." he stammered, rushing and tripping over his words.
"Nonsense," Bridget interrupted. "I'm hoping you get caught up again. Say... tonight at 10?"
Freddy halted his stammering, shocked. "But..." his sentence was interrupted by Bridget pushing against his cock with her hip as she opened her mouth wide to eat a chunk of watermelon.Mmmwas the noise that escaped as her lips closed around it, feeling the watermelon release all of its juices into her mouth. Half-smiling at Freddy's staring at her and practically drooling, she made a show of licking her fingers clean before continuing.
"And we'll be joined this evening by Sarah."
"Sarah???"
"Yes, she's wanted you for a while now. What kind of best friend would I be if I didn't make her dreams come true?" Bridget leaned father back against him and wiggled a bit, reminding him of her rotating bottom last night as she came all over him. Suddenly the memory took over his senses. He was instantaneously hard again.
"So you're saying you... and Sarah... but she never said..."
"Honestly, Freddy, try to keep up. Sarah and I will be waiting for you at the cabin in the woods at 10 PM sharp. Don't you dare be late." With that, Bridget flounced away, turning at the door to give Freddy her enormous bedroom eyes and one last peek at her departing breasts.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Everyone goes to bed early in the country. By the time it was eight, most of the house had already fallen asleep. Bridget and Sarah arrived at the cabin not long afterward, and Bridget swung her purse off her shoulder as soon as they walked in. In almost the same motion, she grabbed Sarah by the waist and pulled her in for a deep kiss. Sarah responded with just as much enthusiasm, burying her lips into Bridget's thick mouth, sucking on her bottom lip. She'd been aroused all day, thinking about getting to experience something new. She was already burning with desire, I mean it felt like she was actually on fire! She could feel everything like it had been turned up a notch, her nerve endings were so sensitive. She was nervous, and excited, and a million emotions all at once. She grabbed Bridget's waist and pulled her against her hips, much more aggressive than she had been before. Maybe thinking about this moment all day had emboldened her.
"I'm so nervous. And excited! And scared..." she said. "But mostly excited! I can't believe I'm doing this. I mean, I can, I've fantasized about this enough over the past couple of years. Because I mean, just LOOK at you. I'm straight and I still want you. At least I think I'm straight. But then you have that ass, and those lips, and they feel so soft and I just want to kiss them again and again, and I want to bury my head in your boobs! But wait! I hadn't said that before. Oh, I hope I haven't freaked you out, because I'd just die if this got ruined because of my big mouth!" Sarah continued to talk excitedly as Bridget reached into her purse. Pulling out a bandana, she wrapped it around Sarah's mouth, gagging her.
"You, my dear, need to talk less and enjoy yourself more." Tying the bandana tight behind her head, Sarah gave a slight grunt of protest, but stopped when Bridget trailed her hands down her front, pausing to go slower as she grazed Sarah's nipples. Stepping forward, Bridget leaned in and kissed her neck, sucking on it hard and pressing Sarah against her. Sarah moaned slightly and shivered in anticipation. Bridget reached down and slowly removed Sarah's tank top, sliding it over her head. She looked at Sarah's soft t-shirt bra clinging to her breasts, her nipples hard and trying desperately to poke through the thin fabric. She felt along Sarah's breasts squeezing and kneading them, then stopped and took a step back and looked at the bra again.
"Take it off," she said, gesturing at the bra. Blinking nervously, Sarah slowly complied, the fabric clinging to her breasts until the last moment as if it did not want to let go. When it did, Sarah's breasts sprung out and bounced pleasantly as the bra dropped to the floor. Feeling suddenly exposed, Sarah covered her stomach, then almost laughed at herself because THAT was the part she wanted to cover, even though her nipples were exposed and at complete attention, giving away her state of arousal.
And Bridget had noticed. Stepping back toward her, Bridget licked her thumbs and caressed Sarah's nipples, flicking them, pinching them. She leaned over and took one nipple in her mouth as she continued to tease the other, and suckled gently. Sarah felt her nervousness melt away, starting at the breasts and washing over her in waves, and she relaxed, giving in. Bridget's tongue rolled over the nipple, then proceeded around her breast, tracing what felt to Sarah like a line of fire in circles and patterns, until it came up to the top of her breast and traced a line to her ear, inserting the tongue into the ear. Sarah moaned again, her eyes rolling back in her head and swaying a bit. Reaching to Sarah's shoulders, Bridget pushed down, forcing Sarah to kneel before her.
"Yes, my beautiful girl, it is time you claim yourself as the little slut you are. No more hiding. You're going to give yourself to me and let me do whatever I want to you." Sarah nodded, in a trance, staring at Bridget's crotch a mere inches from her face. "You're going to eat me out now like a good little slut. Straight or not, you can't help it. Your tongue is now for my personal use." Sarah nodded again, and reached up to slowly peel Bridget's sweatpants down over her hips. Slowly, slowly exposing more and more supple skin that glowed in the moonlight as it revealed her soft ass. Once she had the pants at her knees, Sarah stroked Bridget's thighs and moaned, gripping her hips and pressing her face into her stomach. Bridget took a step back to admire her panting, topless friend kneeling before her.
Bridget reached down and slid a finger underneath the bandana, pulling upward until it covered her eyes instead of her mouth. Taking off her pants and kicking them to the side, she gently grabbed the back of Sarah's head and led it to her as she was standing over her. "There, yes there my good girl," she purred as Sarah shook with desire, flicking her tongue out to taste Bridget. Sarah's hands found Bridget's ass and fondled it while Bridget pushed Sarah's head into her pussy, helping direct her. She slung a leg over Sarah's shoulder, deepening the licking and sucking that Sarah was quickly becoming more than proficient at. Bridget wondered how long HAD Sarah fantasized about this. It's like she had it planned out. She definitely had some ideas about what she was doing, experienced or not.
Bridget was getting lost in the pleasure of the moment, her head hanging back as she drove Sarah in a rhythm against her. Enjoying her friend's response and wanting more, Sarah reached up between her legs and inserted a finger, pulled it back out, then slid in two. Rhythmically, she pushed her fingers up into Bridget, licked her clit in a circle, then slid her fingers out. It was Bridget's turn to moan. Hearing this noise from her friend encouraged Sarah, who reached down to play with herself while she was pleasuring Bridget.
Sensing movement, Bridget slowly opened her eyes to see Freddy standing in the doorway to the cabin, his mouth hanging open. As Sarah continued hungrily slurping and devouring her, Bridget raised a finger to her lips.Shhhh.She held eye contact with Freddy as he watched the scene continue, Sarah blindfolded and buried in Bridget, Bridget moaning and playing with her breasts.
Freddy didn't know what to think at first. He had never seen Sarah like this. I mean, he had always found her attractive. But seeing her so sexual - it was something that had only existed in his teenage fantasies, something he had never had evidence for before. Now she was a mewling, hungry cat slurping at her cream in a way that he had only seen on TV. Freddy felt his erection growing watching them.
Bridget released her leg from Sarah's shoulder as Sarah complained and fumbled for her lost treasure. "Now, now, my pet, there are other things to do yet..." Bridget teased as she took a knee to Sarah's back, forcing her down on to all fours. Trailing her hand down her back, Sarah stopped for a moment at Sarah's ass. Giving it a good slap again so she could watch it bounce (because this greatly amuses her), she then yanked Sarah's leggings down as Sarah gasped in surprise. "Mmm, I'm going to get the dildo ready for you. While I'm working on that, I want you to touch yourself here," as she softly ran her finger through Sarah's wet folds, "and tell me all about your fantasies about Freddy."
"Oh, god, Freddy," Sarah began, still blindfolded, as she reached through her legs in order to please her mistress. She started a story about when they had been teenagers and had been stuck at home alone, and the things she imagined he might do to her.
Freddy moved to speak, and Bridget quickly waved to him to be quiet as she walked over. Bridget could see the scene he arrived to had already aroused him, his pants were tight and bulging. Approaching him, she clapped a hand over his mouth and squeezed his dick. His groan was muffled by Bridget's hand and Sarah's own noises. That girl really was noisy. As Sarah began detailing the nasty things she had thought of doing to Freddy and of Freddy doing to her, Bridget quickly undid Freddy's pants and pulled them down, his cock springing out and to attention. "Oh, Sarah, you're really going to love this dildo," Bridget said, reaching down and squeezing Freddy's dick again, as if she was testing it for size and consistency.
Dildo?Freddy mouthed to Bridget, who only returned her coy smirk. Why did the thought of being used as a toy turn him on so much?
"Mmmm, I can't wait much longer! Please give it to me!" Sarah said before continuing her story. "After that I wanted him to touch me. I burned for it, Bridget! I was so horny and he was so hot... I masturbated to the thought of him fucking me every night..."
As Sarah continued, completely oblivious to Freddy's presence, Freddy watched her in amazement. He had no idea Sarah had felt this way. She'd always been someone that he thought was off limits. Of course he'd noticed her tight ass and pert little titties. Of course he'd fantasized about being with her, too. He never dreamed she'd wanted the same thing.
Bridget smiled as she watched Freddy absorbed in Sarah's monologue, and kneeled before him, taking his cock into her mouth. Slowly covering him in spit, she pushed him all the way back to the back of her throat, but he was too big to go in all the way. She pulled him out and began licking him, coating his balls and shaft with her saliva and using her hands to spread it around. "Yes, Sarah," she said in between licks, "you wanted him so bad you'd cum at the very thought of him. You wanted him to fuck you senseless, pound you into the wall."
"I would've taken it!" Sarah moaned. "Oh, Bridget, I can't stand it. Is it almost coming?"
"It's coming to you, darling, right now," Bridget said, then winked at Freddy. "I want you to pretend it's Freddy fucking you, okay? What would you say to him if he were here, if he were the one that was fucking you?" She led a flabbergasted but insanely aroused Freddy over beside Sarah, and knelt down between her legs. She was now dripping with her arousal, and Bridget leaned in, parted her ass cheeks and took a long lick to clean her up. Enjoying the taste, she lingered a moment more, sticking her tongue into Sarah's pussy as Sarah rubbed her clit and pushed back against Bridget's face, and Bridget's hand stroked Freddy's cock. Freddy had to cover his mouth to keep from making noise. But he reached over and fondled Bridget's ass, slipping his fingers into her warm, moist pussy where he had seen Sarah's face earlier. He liked where this was going. Bridget let this go on for a minute or so.
"Oh, mmm, baby, it's time. Tell me what you wantFreddyto do to you," Bridget said. Bridget moved out of the way, standing, and positioned Freddy behind Sarah.
"Oh, god, I just want to feel his cock on me," Sarah said, "I've dreamed about it so much I just need to know!"
"Then tell him," she said.
"Umm... Freddy, I need to feel your cock. I'm going to die if I don't feel you inside me."
Bridget took Freddy's cock in her hand and pressed it up against Sarah's clit, rubbing it up and down. Sarah reached to touch the tip, and Freddy shuddered. He moved as if to grab Sarah's hips, but Bridget stopped him, putting his hand on her own breast instead. He complied, not wanting anything to end.What would Sarah think if she knew it was really him?
"Oh my god, this thing feels so real! Uuuuggggghhhhhmmmmm I love the way it feels against me! Bridget, please will you put it in me? Please?!" Sarah cried out loudly.
"You mean Freddy, please will you put it in me?" Bridget said.
"Yes! Oh fuck yes! Freddy, please put your cock in me!" Bridget took Freddy's cock in one hand and used her other on his ass to guide him forward into Sarah's pussy, keeping her hand on it as she slowly led just his tip in, then out, then in, then out, teasing her. "Oh god, Freddy, I'm begging you to take me!" Sarah yelled. Bridget pushed Freddy forward slowly, entering and stretching Sarah as she screamed with pleasure, "Oh, fuck Freddy! God yes! Fill me!" Bridget kept her hand on Freddy so he could only enter her halfway, and Sarah began to groan in frustration. "I want more, Freddy!"
Moving behind Freddy, Bridget placed her hands on his hips and began guiding him in and out of her, slowly increasing her pace, but not quite putting all of his cock in her. Freddy was in a rhythm, and obviously struggling to hold his orgasm as he felt her envelop his cock almost all the way. But not all the way! Bridget's denial of full penetration had them both on the edge. His face was contorted in pleasure, and he desperately wanted to grab on to Sarah's hips. He kept trying and stopping himself, almost unable to control his instinctual drive to plow deeper into Sarah. Finally Bridget let him, and he grabbed Sarah's hips to pull her against him, burying himself all the way inside her. Sarah gasped and bucked back against him. As Sarah cried out, he slammed himself deeply into her again.
Bridget pulled back to watch the fruit of her work. Enjoying their coupling, Bridget began to play with herself. She loved watching, especially when it was a couple as beautiful as these two. Sarah's ass bounced against Freddy as he pushed into her, and it was mesmerizing.
"Oh god, Freddy, oh yes!" Sarah cried out, "I want all of it! More! Again!" Bridget got worked up watching them, Freddy forcing himself into her and Sarah flopping forward as he pounded into her, her boobs bouncing as she gripped the floor and screamed his name. He was masterful, slowing down the rhythm to tease her as she neared orgasm or if he did, knowing if he prolonged it that they would both enjoy it more. Then he would speed up again, taking her aggressively. The cycle would repeat, both of them getting to the edge and not quite falling over. They were lost in each other, in the overwhelming sensations that take over and flood all your senses. Bridget was surprised that Sarah hadn't noticed the size of the hands gripping her ass or pulling her back, but she was almost caught up enough in it herself to not notice those kinds of things.
Suddenly, Bridget desperately wanted to orgasm, and she wanted Sarah to have it. She had been such a good girl. And she simply wanted to feel those lovely lips on her again. Crawling in front of Sarah, Bridget spread her legs. Freddy watched, intrigued, and slowed down his pace. What would happen when Sarah realized what was going on? Would it abruptly end things? Would Sarah be traumatized and never speak to them again?
Sliding up under her head, Bridget pulled Sarah's face down to her pussy.
Jerking back, Sarah stopped, surprised. Pulling the bandana off of her eyes, she looked in confusion for a moment at Bridget, smiling and on the edge of orgasm in front of her, before she whipped her head around to see who was behind her.
Seeing Freddy still slowly fucking her, Sarah was flooded with adrenaline. So close to orgasm herself and lost in the moment, she responded the only way she could by having her fantasy come to life: by pushing herself back against Freddy again, pushing him deeper into her. Moaning, she felt him take up the rhythm again, but gentler as Sarah lowered her head and devoured the drenched pussy in front of her. Bridget immediately orgasmed, a flood of cum rushing over Sarah's tongue. At experiencing the flavor and rush of her friend's tangy-sweet cum while a huge cock was buried deep inside her, Sarah was next, releasing an orgasm so powerful that her entire body shook and she screamed gutturally, her eyes rolling back in her head. That immediately sent Freddy over the edge, blowing his load into her as his body convulsed. Bridget nearly orgasmed again simply seeing them both lose control in their pleasure from such a wicked and wonderful view.
As the group came down from their orgasms, Sarah lazily lapped up the cum dripping from Bridget. Bridget in turn beckoned Freddy over, who laid on the ground next to her, cuddling up close beside both of them. As Bridget cleaned him off with her tongue, Freddy took over cleaning Sarah with his. In a contented triangle they basked in the afterglow, gently fondling each other, kissing whatever body parts were near, and giggling at inside jokes.
After a while, Sarah looked at Bridget. "So what happened to the dildo?" she asked, playfully slapping Bridget on the ass.
"Be nice, I thought he did a great job," Bridget replied.
"Wait... so there's no dildo?"
"I didn't even know there was supposed to be a dildo," Freddy replied.
"Eeek! A talking dildo!" Bridget laughed, and they all burst into a fit of giggles.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning, as they were packing to leave, Freddy came by to say goodbye.
"Ummm, ahem," he stopped, embarrassed. "I... uhh... had a good time."
"Yeah, I bet you did," Sarah replied, smiling. Looking at Bridget, she saw her friend raise her eyebrow at her, and she cleared her throat. Moving closer to Freddy, she traced a winding pattern from his chest down to his stomach, circled his navel, and let her hand drop, "accidentally" brushing against the front of his jeans.
Freddy blushed scarlet, inexplicably finding himself aroused once again. "Yes'm," he stammered, "I-I imagine I'll be seeing you again sometime soon? Maybe the family reunion?" He reached down in a vain attempt to adjust himself.
Turning away from him, Sarah put one hand on her hip and the other on Freddy's face. "I'm looking forward to that," she said, looking at him from under her lashes before returning to her packing.
After Freddy said his goodbyes and left, Bridget turned to Sarah. "Okay, thatwasfun!" Sarah said under her breath.
"Secret slut indeed!" Bridget replied, and both girls giggled.