This is actually part of the first story I wrote. The chapters should be read in order in order to make sense. There are 11 chapters (so far) and they contain many themes of group sex, loving wives, incest, and exhibitionism. I will try to put them in the right categories.
You will notice that some of the chapters are almost duplicates of stories I've already published. That's because those stories were taken out of this one and edited to be stand alone pieces. They are:
Becoming a slut at my summer jobBecoming a hot momA girl needs comfortWatching the pool partyFriends and family miss the playoffs.
In this context they are part of a larger narrative. Here those stories are longer and contain other topics as well. Enjoy.
*****
Friday
Like I said, Friday at work was busy. We joked, flirted went to lunch, but had a lot to do. I was glad the weekend was here. As I drove home I thought about all the changes that happened last weekend. I was starting to get horny. I was wondering if I should fuck Mark. He was convenient. I considered it all the way home and decided I was going to.
When I got home my plans changed. Cindy, Kevin, and his friend Peter were there. I felt a bit disappointed. I went to my room. Cindy was lying in her bed playing online. She was wearing just a short T and a pair of blue string bikini panties. She wasn't supposed to be here this weekend so I asked her what was up.
She told me that since they missed a day last weekend she was getting an extra weekend with her father. She looked at my dress.
"Wow, that's what you wear to work?" she asked.
I was wearing a short blue dress that barely covered my ass.
She laughed and didn't ask anymore. It was just about dinner time. I wondered what to wear. Kevin and Peter were here, but they saw me in a T and panties last week. I'm sure they both were hoping to see some more.
I asked Cindy what she thought. She was excited. She wanted to know if we could really show off again. I told her I didn't see why not.
Then she told me she'd hidden her new panties from her mother, but wore them out. She'd flashed a boy or two at the mall. She told me how much fun it was.
I just laughed and told her she was turning into a naughty little girl.
She said, "takes one to know one," and stuck her tongue out at me.
I said, "ok what should I wear?"
She asked about mom. Was mom mad that we showed up for breakfast in our panties? I told her I thought mom was cool. She said that last week she only had the white cotton. This week she had something to show off.
She stood up. "Do you think this is Ok," she asked?
She looked sexy cute. The little string bikini panties were smaller than any bathing suit. Although not a thong they barely covered her ass. The front barely covered her pussy and must have been 4" inches below her Navel. Her top was a tight white T shirt. Her little nipples were easily showing.
I said, "you might kill the boys."
She giggled.
I heard Mark and Mom come in. They went to their room. I was wondering what Mark would make mom do.
Meanwhile, Cindy practically had her head in my underwear drawer. When she came up I think she had the sluttiest pair I own in her hands. They were a pink, tiger patterned, lace ruffled thong. Cute, but covered almost nothing.
I looked at them. What the hell I thought and pulled them on. Cindy practically squealed with excitement. She loved them. She pulled a little chemise out also. This was black, spaghetti straps, and fairly see through. I put it on.
"Trying to get me fucked," I asked?
She giggled, "Can I watch if you do?"
I swatted her ass. I heard mom call dinner was ready. We walked into the kitchen.
Mom was there in a black lace robe that barely covered her ass. It was the same one she wore the day she modeled for Mark and me. I noticed the panties were missing. She was walking around and getting dinner and as she did a bit of cheek or pussy would show.
Kevin and Peter were sitting at the table gawking. They hadn't even noticed us.
Cindy looked at me. "Wow, that's hot," she said. "What's gotten into her."
I told her that our little show last week got Mark thinking. He sent mom out shopping. There were some less strict rules around the house.
She giggled.
When she did everyone looked up at us. Kevin didn't know what to say. I was beginning to think he couldn't talk. Peter on the other hand was obviously the brave one.
"Hi Tina, Hi Cindy, wow you two look amazing," He said.
I thanked him.
Cindy did one better she did a pirouette and said, "You really like it?"
Peter assured her he did.
Mark showed up and sat down. He smiled at us, "Wow, cute panties," he said.
Cindy chimed in, "These are some of the ones I bought with Tina last week," she said.
"Well they're cute. Hopefully I'll get to see the rest of them. Maybe you can model them for me tomorrow?" He asked.
Cindy said she'd love too.
Peter complained. "Let's do it tonight! My mom is picking us early. We have a league thing in the morning."
Mark laughed. "Maybe next time." You could see the disappointment on Peter's face.
Besides that it was a normal dinner. Well, besides that and the fact I was horny as hell. Showing off was turning me on. I was looking forward to it. I was sitting here wanting to take my top off and finger myself in front of them. I don't think anyone would have minded. After all mom and my tits were pretty much on display anyway.
We finished dinner and Kevin and Peter offered to do the dishes. That was fine with us. Cindy and I went in the living room to watch TV.
Mark and mom said they were going out. They went to change. When they came out. Mark was in a nice shirt and slacks. Mom was in a black almost see through top, short skirt, and heels. She looked hot. I was sure she'd get a lot of attention.
Cindy and I went to our rooms. I went back online. Dave was there. I told him everything we'd just done. He said he saw some but would love to see more of Cindy.
I said Ok and said, "Cindy, stand up for a second."
She stood up and I took a picture.
"Is that for your friend," she asked?
I nodded. She asked if I wanted to take more. I said sure.
She started posing. Every sexy pose she could think of. A great one with her looking back over her shoulders and pulling down her panties to show her ass. I sent them all to Dave.
"Great pics," he replied.
Cindy asked if he liked them. I assured her he did.
Then Dave said, "Ready for a dare?"
Dare? Wasn't I daring enough? Now what was one going to ask? Funny thing was, I was also thinking. Yes please, I can't wait to hear it.
I said, "OK."
"I dare you to give Kevin and Peter blow jobs."
I responded, "no way."
I don't know why. I knew I was going to do it. As soon as I read it I knew I wanted too. I just thought I should at least offer some resistance.
He said, "Go."
"Both of them," I asked?
There was not an immediate response. I thought he was mad at me for hesitating. I was actually scared he was going to stop chatting with me. Stop making me do stuff.
He finally responded, "No, Cindy can do one."
"Cindy?" I said. I'm sure she's never done that in her life."
As I said it dirty thoughts came to mind. I could picture her pretty little lips wrapped around a cock. Then I thought, Peter or her brother Kevin? That thought was so dirty I felt like I would soak my panties.
"Teach her," was the response.
I looked at Cindy. What was I supposed to do? Just go up to them and say "Want blowjobs?" I was sure they'd say yes, but that seemed awkward.
Instead I said, "I wonder what the boys are doing."
Cindy practically jumped out of bed. "Let's go see," she said.
It was obvious she wanted a chance to show off more and get more compliments. We figured they must have gone downstairs to play video games or watch TV. We decided to go see. I grabbed my iPad and we went. When we got to the landing we could hear the sounds of sex. We realized the boys were watching one of Mark's porno channels.
Cindy whispered to me she'd never seen porn. We looked at the boys. Both of them had their cocks out and were jacking off.
I said let's go see, and we walked downstairs. When the boys saw us they immediately grabbed something to cover their cocks. It was pretty funny.
We played coy and asked what they were watching. They kind of stammered an answer. On the screen was a woman getting fucked from behind. She had big fake tits that barely moved.
I commented that they were fake. Peter, always the talker, asked me how I could tell. I explained that they barely moved when she did, and when she was on her back they pointed straight up. Peter asked what they should look like.
I had wanted to take my top off anyway. Here was my chance. I pulled it off, cupped my tits, and said, "See the difference. Mine move when I lift them."
This time Cindy just stared. I wasn't sure if she was jealous or shocked I did it.
I lay down on my back, my tits fell back. "See, real tits don't point straight up." Then as a joke I said, "As opposed to real cocks that stand straight up like your's were."
Kevin blushed. Peter was more bold. He took the pillow off his lap and showed us his erect cock. About 6" and fairly thick. Cindy stared at it. I realized this was the first erect cock she'd seen.
As she looked at it the scene on the TV switched to 2 women giving 2 guys blowjobs. Talk about luck.
"That's so fucking hot," said Peter.
Cindy agreed, "That is hot, but I don't know if I could get a whole cock in my mouth like they can."
I told Cindy it's called deep throat and that most women can't do it. I assured her she could give a good blowjob. She looked doubtful.
Here was my opportunity. "Let me show you I said."
I took her hand and told her to kneel down in front of Peter. I knelt in front of Kevin and pulled the pillow off his lap. His cock was a little longer than Peters but not as thick. He still didn't talk. He actually look scared. Peter was smiling.
I told Cindy to watch. I wrapped my hand around Kevin's cock. Then I took the head of it in my mouth. I stopped. Looked at Cindy and said you try. She did the same thing to Peter. I stopped and told her to pump it with her hand. I started to pump my hand to show her. Kevin groaned and squirted right away into my mouth.
I swallowed all I could. It was a huge load. Some dripped down my chin.
Cindy looked at me and said, "That's it?"
I felt bad for her, I felt bad for Kevin. I explained to Cindy that lots of times boys got so excited they couldn't control themselves. That if that happened, try again. The 2nd time went much better. Cindy smiled. I took a dab of the cum on my face and held my finger out for Cindy. She took it in her mouth and sucked it clean.
In my mind I was creaming. My cunt was so wet. She had just eaten her brothers cum.
She just said, "mmmm. I like it."
My hand was still wrapped around Kevin's cock. It started to get hard again. I thought about Mark shaking his head as he lamented his youth.
"Come on, let's try again," I said.
This time Kevin did not cum. Neither did Peter. I thought maybe he had while jacking off earlier.
I jacked Kevin's cock and fucked it with my mouth. I watched Cindy. She was doing everything I was doing. Kevin had his head back and eyes closed. Peter's eyes were wide open.
"Oh my god, this is better than I ever imagined," he said. "Cindy, you are so fucking hot."
Cindy took her mouth off his cock and said, "Thank you."
I laughed inside. She was thanking him? He's getting a blow job and she's thanking him? It was too funny.
Cindy started getting the feel for it. She was no longer watching me. She was concentrating on what she was doing. From what I could see she was doing great.
Kevin still hadn't said a thing. He barely moved. I think he was afraid this was a dream and if he moved he'd wake up. Peter on the other hand couldn't stop talking. The good thing was that Cindy was loving it.
"Cindy that feels so good. You are so sexy. I love the way your mouth feels. I can't believe I'm so lucky. You look so hot in those panties. I can't wait to see the rest."
Cindy was loving it and really trying to do her best.
I kept watching her. All of a sudden Kevin groaned again. My mouth started to fill with cum. He'd surprised me, and I let his cock pop out of my mouth. The rest of his cum landed on my face and tits.
I think that was too much for Peter. He closed his eyes and started to tense up.
I looked at Cindy and said "Here it comes. Try to swallow it all."
Peter grunted as he came. I could see Cindy working hard to swallow it all. When he was done she looked at me and smiled. A little cum dribbled down her chin. I still had it all over my face and tits.
Peter kept talking. He kept telling Cindy that was amazing. He told her he'd seen porn but she was so much better. She was loving the compliments.
I was starting to feel sticky. I looked at Cindy and said, "We better go clean up."
She stood up with me, I grabbed my top, and we started to go upstairs.
"Wait," said Peter.
We stopped and looked at him.
"Cindy," he said. "Can I see your tits?"
Cindy laughed, pulled off her top and threw it at him. We went back upstairs.
I was hot. I wanted to fuck. I thought about going back downstairs, but I wanted a good fuck. I thought of Mark but remembered they had gone out. Chuck was staying at a friends. Dammit I thought. It's my fingers again tonight.
When we got to our room. I put the iPad back in place. Cindy sighed. I asked her what was wrong.
She said nothing, but then said, "That was amazing, but what about me?"
I knew what she meant. I told her that boys usually had no idea how to please a woman. That we women had to show them how. Cindy asked what I meant. I told her that men had no idea what it felt like to have a pussy and we had to show them what felt good to us.
"Like what," she said.
I felt bad for her. I pushed her to the bed and said, "Lie down."
I knelt between her legs and pulled her panties off. She lifted her ass to help me. I was still sticky with cum, but that made me feel hotter. I threw her panties on the floor.
Then I started on her. I started kissing her neck. I worked my way down to her tits. Sucking on one nipple, caressing her tits, then sucking on the other. She moaned as I did.
I kissed my way down her belly. She smelled so good. I worked my way down to her pussy. I sucked on her clit.
As soon as I did she said, "Oh my god, that's amazing."
I stopped and told her that girls knew what girls liked, but she'd have to show a boy. I continued eating her pussy. She started squealing. It sounded so sexy. I kept at it. All of a sudden she grabbed my hair and push my face down.
"Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh my god."
She came all over my face.
"Oh my god, that was amazing. Thank you, thank you"
I kissed her softly on the lips and said, "I need a shower."
I stripped off my panties and headed to the bathroom. I ran into Mark in the hall. He looked me up and down. I had dried cum on my face and tits and his daughter's juices all over my lips.
"Wow. What have you been doing," he asked?
"Never mind," I said. "I need to be fucked. Now."
"Can't help you," he said. "Your mom probably already has her ass in the air waiting for my cock."
.
Dammit I thought. I headed for the shower. The shower massage was a little relief.
I climbed into bed. I glanced at the iPad. There was 1 message. "Good girl."
Saturday
I woke up to the sound of Cindy running around the room. She was naked and grabbing all the panties in the hamper. She threw on a T shirt. I don't think she even realized her ass and pussy were exposed. She ran and threw them in the laundry. Short cycle. Everyone else was still asleep.
She came in the room and sat on my bed.
She kissed me lightly on the lips. "Thank you for last night. That was amazing."
"Can I ask you something?" She continued.
Ask me something? I just blew her brother, made her swallow his friends cum, and ate her pussy. What did she think she couldn't ask me.
"Of course you can sweetie," I said. "Anything you want."
"Does fucking feel as good as you made me feel last night?"
"Sometimes," I said. "If you've got someone who knows what they're doing. Most boys don't. Older men are usually better at it."
She looked thoughtful. "How old, like my dad's age?"
"Well by that age if they don't know how, they never will, but most learn in their late 20s if you show them what feels good."
"Do you think my dad knows how to do it?"
"Yeah, he does," I said. I regretted it as soon as I said it.
"Oh my god. You've fucked him. Haven't you?"
What the hell. I admitted I did and told her the whole story. As I did she started fingering herself.
"That is hot," she said. "I hope I get fucked like that."
"Some day I'm sure you will".
"I have another question."
"Ok," I said
"On the movie last night, that guy had a huge cock. But Peter and Kevin weren't that big?"
"Men differ in size. The ones in porn are usually super big. That's not the norm, though you can run into it. Kevin and Peter were not small, they were average."
"Is my dad average?"
Whoa... This was getting kinky. I liked it. I got into it.
"Your dad's cock is bigger than normal. It makes you feel full. Plus, he knows how to use it. He's a pretty fantastic fuck."
"How many times have you fucked him?"
"Just that once," I said.
She seemed to be in thought. "Does it hurt the first time you fuck?"
"A little," I said. "You have to go slow. As you get more of it in it will hurt. When it hurts, just stop, wait a minute and start again. Once you take as much as you can, stop and wait again. In about a minute or two, it will start to feel good."
"Do you think I could take a cock as big as my dad's?"
"I'm sure you could. Your pussy stretches to fit the cock in it."
She seemed satisfied. She ran out again and threw her stuff in the dryer.
I got online. Ginny messaged me.
"You are a bad influence."
"LOL, I know. What happened."
"Well little perv came to my room last night. He looks so pathetic. I told him he could watch me change again. This time while watching me change he pulled out his cock and started jacking off. You would not believe it. He had a thick cock. I was shocked."
"Wow, that's pretty cool! I wonder how big your dads is."
"Let me finish. So I undress while he jacks off. Then I give him my panties and send him to his room. I got to admit. I was a little tempted to help him. LOL."
"Naughty Naughty!"
"Oh yeah, like little miss show him all, wouldn't be tempted."
"Tempted? Hell yeah, hey, I'd even watch you. :)"
" :). OK. anyways. You know I always sleep in a big T shirt."
"Yeah."
"Well lately I've been sleeping in shorter ones. It's fun. Ricky and dad would look at me as I went to the kitchen or something. Mom saw it yesterday and said. 'A little short isn't it?' I just told her I was comfy. She said, 'well, you do look cute'."
"That's pretty cool."
"But that's not all. So the other day I go downstairs to get something to drink. Dads in the living room. I remembered flashing Ricky and how fun it was. I said, 'hi daddy.' as I walked by. Then I went to the fridge, bent way over to put ice in my glass. I know he could see my ass and pussy."
"You are turning into a slut. I like it."
"I know. Somehow I think it's your fault, but I'm loving it. Anyway. As I'm bending over Dad says, 'Have told you lately how pretty you are?' I just stayed bent over and looked at him and said, 'no, that's so sweet of you.' I then stood and faced him. Yawned and stretched my arms over my head. My pussy was totally showing."
"OMG. What did he do?"
"He asked why a pretty girl like me didn't have a boyfriend. I went over and sat on his lap. He's in a pair of soft shorts. My bare ass was right on his lap. I hugged him and said, 'Because no one compares to you.' I could feel his cock getting hard. I wiggled my ass on it kissed him goodnight and ran to my room."
"OK that is hot. Hell. I'd sit on his lap too. We should do a sleep over."
"Totally," Ginny said.
Cindy came back with an arm full of underwear. "Ready?" she said.
"Ready for what?" I asked.
"My fashion show. Daddy said I could do it today. He is already sitting on the couch."
I laughed. She was so excited.
I put on some boy shorts and a T and walked out to the living room. Mark, was sitting on the coach in boxers and a t shirt. I sat next to him.
Cindy walked in the room. She put some music on. Obviously she'd planned this. She was wearing a tank top and a yellow boy shorts. She walked in the room, did a pirouette and then posed. Mark and I clapped.
Cindy beemed. She ran out of the room and came back in a pair of purple string bikini panties that seemed a bit too small but hot as hell. A slow turn and a pose. Her audience clapped again. We also told her in different ways how good she looked.
I dropped my hand in Mark's lap. I could feel how hard his cock was. I stroked it through his boxers.
Cindy went through this 12 times working from most coverage to smallest coverage. Her last pair was a see through tiny white g string.
I'd been stroking Mark. He had a hard on straining to get out of his boxers.
Cindy said, "That's all."
Mark and I applauded and said that we were sorry it was over, and that we thought she was pretty and sexy. She was ecstatic. She said thank you. She took a bow. She asked if we really enjoyed it and thought she was sexy.
Stroking Mark's cock, I had a super naughty idea.
"Let me show you how much," I said.
I reached into his boxers and pulled out his hard cock. It's 8" stood straight up.
"Did I do that," she said? "Is that because of me?"
"More than you know sweetie," I said.
I got up and walked behind Cindy. I grabbed her Tank top and pulled it over her head. Mark's eyes were all on Cindy, I hooked my hands in her g string and peeled it off her. She stood there naked. I led her over to her dad. I helped her up on the couch straddling his lap. I then sat next to Mark again. I grabbed his cock and put it against her pussy. I kissed her and said, "go slow."
She started to lower herself on her dad's cock. I could see her pussy lips part. She sighed.
Just then mom and Chuck walked in. She was just wearing a robe. "What's happening," she said.
Mark said, "I'm about to fuck my daughter."
"You pig," she said jokingly. "She's only 18." She turned to Chuck and said, "Let's watch."
Chuck sat on the big chair next to the couch. Mom dropped her robe. And sat on his lap facing out. She had her legs on the outside of his. She reached down and as she sat guided Chuck's cock into her.
Meanwhile I still held Mark's cock. I held Cindy and helped her lower go herself on Mark's cock. I was so turned on. I could see her pussy open as he slid into her. Her eyes were fixed on him. You could see her slide down, then stop, wait a minute, and take a little more.
"I love you daddy," she said.
"I love you too baby,." he said.
I kept watching. She finally had enough of his cock I had to move my hand. She slowly took the final 2".
She turned her head, gave me a long lingering kiss on the lips, and said, "Thank you"
As she gained confidence she started sliding up and down on his cock. Mark reclined the couch a bit. She was now almost riding him. From behind you could see his cock going in and out of her cunt. She was setting the pace. She moaned every time she buried it completely in her pussy.
Meanwhile mom was watching intently. Chuck was pumping his cock into her from behind and she was rubbing her clit.
"That is so fucking wrong," she said. "It's making me super wet."
I agreed. I sat back and watched Cindy get fucked. It was one of the hottest things I'd seen. His cock was stretching her wide. Every time she slid up I could see it covered with her juices. I stuck my finger in my panties and played with myself.
Good god I needed a good fucking. I was the only one in the room not getting fucked.
All of a sudden Cindy shuddered and cried out' "Oh my god Tina, that was amazing. I'd never felt anything like that. Thank you. Thank you."
Her first orgasm from fucking. Her dad then rolled her over. She was ready. She wrapped her legs around his waist. He started fucking her fast and furiously. She kept grunting and moaning and sighing. He fucked her harder and faster. She must have cum 3 more times.
Mark started to pull out. "I'm going to cum baby."
She pulled him in. "It's ok, I'm safe. I want your cum to fill my pussy. Give it all to me."
Mark spasmed, It seemed liked he came forever.
Cindy just kept crying, "Yes, yes yes, fill me up."
She rolled him over so she was on top again. Slowly she let his cock slide out of her. I could see his cum dripping out of her. Her pussy gaped open.
I came all over my fingers.
I looked at mom. She had I look of pure lust on her face. I could see Chuck was also filling her pussy with cum at that moment.
I came again.
It was now Saturday afternoon. Everyone was getting fucked but me. It had been over a week since I fucked Mark. I thought about how funny it was. I had gone almost a year without sex. Now I've gone a week and I want cock.
I had to get out of the house. I decided to head to the office and maybe get a little ahead on next week.
When I walked in the office something wasn't right. There was a blue dress on the floor that I immediately recognized as one of Julie's. I'd seen her wear it before. A little further down was a guys shirt. Then a pair of panties. I heard noises from the conference room.
I looked in. The big conference table had been pushed against the wall. Tom the sales guy was lying on the floor on his back, Julie was naked, straddling his cock and fucking him. Bill the other sales guy and jimmy the tech guy were standing on either side of her. She had a hand wrapped around each of their cocks and was alternating between them sucking on them. She looked sexy. Her 34B tits were bouncing up and down. Her cute nipples were hard.
She saw me at the door and said, "Get in here you little slut. I need help."
I found out later how the situation got started. The four of them came in early to work on a presentation for Monday. They were working hard all morning. They decided to take a break to "clear their heads".
Julie joked, "I need a good fuck to clear my head."
The office always joked like this. This time it was different.
Tom said, "Well if it will help I can give you that."
Bill said, "I could help too."
Jimmy said, "You already know I could help."
Bill and Tom looked and Julie. They had not known that she fucked Jimmy at that sales meeting.
Julie teased, "You guys are all talk."
Tom grabbed her and kissed her. Next thing you know they were in the position I found them.
But at this moment I was standing at the conference room door. I had no idea what was going on. Julie had just told me to get in there and help her. I had been dying to get fucked for a week now. I unzipped my skirt and pushed my skirt and panties to the floor.
"Help is on the way," I said.
I walked to the conference table stripping off my shirt. I bent naked over the table. I spread my legs.
"Who's first?"
Jimmy came over and stood behind me. He had a nice 7" cock. A little on the thick side. He placed in against my cunt.
"Just fuck me," I said. "I've been wet for a week."
He did. His cock sank easily into me on the first thrust. I had been so primed I actually came as soon as he hit bottom.
"Oh thank god," I said. "Fuck me, Fuck me hard, Slam that cock into me."
Jimmy obliged. He started fucking me like a wild man.
"Is this what you want, Want to be fucked hard like a slut while bent over a table?"
"Yes," I screamed. "Harder!"
And he did. He pounded my pussy to 2 more orgasms.
Then behind me I heard Bill say, "My turn."
Jimmy pulled out of me and Bill immediately started fucking me hard.
"Yes, use me like a slut. I don't care who fucks me. You can all fuck me. Just fuck me," I screamed.
Next thing I know Julie is in the same position as me, next to me bent over the table. Jimmy is fucking her from behind.
She smiles at me and said, "I'm one load of cum ahead of you."
I assumed that meant Tom had cum.
I laughed and said, "Does your husband know you're here?"
She said no but that gave her a great idea. She told Tom to bring her her cell phone. She grabbed the phone and pressed video call to her husband. His face came on the screen.
"Look baby, I'm getting fucked," she said.
She used the phone to show the scene around her. Her husband look startled. She looked at the screen and saw he was sitting with her parents. She had forgotten they were there.
As soon as she saw them she had a crashing orgasm. Loud and intense.
"Oh my god," She said. "Fuck me, Fuck me harder, I'm cumming, Glen (her husband) can daddy see his little girl cum?"
That did it for me. I came again. I looked at her. I whispered, "Does he know?"
She whispered back, "He does now." She came again.
Tom kept the phone going. Glen didn't cut the connection either. Julie went on.
"Oh daddy, did you know your little girl was such a slut? I was such a good girl till last week, then this slut next to me changed me."
Tom turned the camera on me. I was fucking in front of these strangers. I came again.
He turned the camera back to Julie.
"Daddy, right now I have one load of cum in my pussy and I'm being fucked by another guy. Can you see him fucking your little girl?"
Tom panned the camera down for a better view of Jimmy's cock pounding her.
Glen still had the feed on. Julie and I could see they were all watching.
"Glen, Do you think you're slutty little wife looks sexy?" she purred. I could see Glen nod his head.
"I couldn't hear you."
"Yes Julie, you look very sexy," said Glen
"Watch this daddy," she said.
She got down on the floor and stuck her ass in the air. She pulled Tom down and started sucking his cock. She wiggled her ass at Jimmy. Jimmy got back behind her and started fucking her. Tom handed the phone to Bill. Bill keep the video going. We could see Glen and both her parents watching Julie get fucked while she sucked Tom's cock.
It was awesome. I came again. This is what I needed. A good slutty fucking.
Glen's mother yelled, "Glen!"
He panned the camera down. He was stroking his hard cock, in front of their parents, watching Julie get fucked.
"Glen, Glen, I'm about to cum again, Oh my god, I'm cumming! Fuck me I'm cumming!"
Just then Jimmy pulled out of her. He started cumming. The video clearly showed his cum being sprayed on Julie's ass and back. She looked at me. I told Bill to go. Bill gave the phone to Jimmy and started fucking Julie.
"Do you see me? Glen, Daddy?" Can you see the cum on my ass and back? Can you see that I now have a new cock in my cunt? It feels so good. My back is all hot and sticky. This is the 3rd cock in my cunt today."
"Oh wait, I think Tom is about to cum. Glen, Should I let him cum on my face, or swallow it. What do you want my daddy to see his little girl do?"
"Can't decide? Well I'll take some on my face and some in my mouth."
Just then, true to her word, she got some in her mouth and some on her face.
She pushed Bill away and sat next to me on the table. She pulled Bill back between her legs and started fucking him again. She reached out, and with cum on her face and mouth kissed me. Jimmy got a close up. You could see her push the cum into my mouth.
Jimmy was hard again. He gave the phone to Tom, sat me next to Julie, and started fucking me. Julie started kissing me. As we were being fucked, she was kissing me and playing with my clit.
Every once in awhile she'd turn her head look at the camera and ask her daddy if he likes knowing his little girl is such a slut. She asked him if he ever fucked mom like a slut. He didn't answer.
Each time she'd do that I'd cum again. It was just so dirty. I wondered what my daddy would say. I wondered what it would be like to fuck him.
We slowly exhausted ourselves. I was satisfied. I'd been well fucked. It felt good. Very good.
I checked my phone and there was a text from Ginny. She wanted to know if I wanted to sleep over.
Sure I thought, we hadn't done that for a while.
I also got a text from Cathy. "Do you want to hang out some time?"
I texted them both back and said, "yes."
Cathy invited me to go swimming at her house Sunday afternoon. My plans with Ginny were for tonight so I figured I'd be free.
I told Ginny I had to go home, shower and change before I came over.
"Why do you have to shower?"
"I was at work."
"You have a desk job."
I wanted to tell her what happened. After all she is my best friend, but I had no fidea how'd she react.
"It's the weekend. The AC wasn't working."
"Ok, see you soon. Mom is gone for the weekend."
I headed home. I was wondering if there was a special reason she mentioned mom was not home.
When I got home, Mark and Cindy were fucking in his room. Mom, was doing something in the garden. Chuck was in the living room.
"Hi sis."
"Hi, I'm surprised you're not out there fucking mom."
"God, it's so hot fuckng her, she wants to be such a slut. I've been looking up stories I like online and sending them to her. Stories about moms fucking their sons and their friends. Figured it would give her ideas when I invite my friends over."
I slapped his shoulder playfully. "My god you're a pervert."
"Yeah," he said. "I'm not sure, but somehow I think you started this."
He was right, but I didn't tell him.
I stripped off my clothes and walked naked to the shower. The shower felt good. I kept the massage away from my pussy. It was too much pressure and my pussy was sore from all that fucking.
I dried off and went to my room to change and grab clothes for tonight and tomorrow. I figured I'd go right from Ginny's to Cathy's.
I decided to wear a short white sundress to Ginny's. It was a shirt dress and buttoned all the way up the front. I buttoned only the essential buttons. The dress was a gauzy material. With the light behind it, it was barely there. I put a yellow thong on under it. You could see the contrast. I grabbed a pair of tiny boy shorts panties and short tank top to sleep in.
For Sunday I took a pleated miniskirt and top. I took 2 bikinis. Both string bikinis, but one was much smaller than the other.
I jumped in my car and headed to Ginny's. I let myself in. Her dad was in the living room watching a game.. "Hi Mr H. "Where's Ginny?"
"I think she's up in her room." Then he added, "Love the dress."
"Thanks," I said. "What are you up to?"
"Watching the game with friends. Rhonda is out of town."
I looked past him. There were 2 guys sitting in the living room. They were watching the game, but right now they were looking at me and Mr. H.
That gave me an idea. I did a quick turn letting the dress flair out. "You don't think it's too sexy?" I asked. I knew he saw my panties as I spun.
"No, I don't think it's too sexy. I think most men would love to see you in that or something sexier. Hell, they'd love to see you naked."
I kissed him on the cheek and said, "Never know."
I went upstairs to find Ginny. She was In her room playing on her tablet."
We chatted like girls, and hung out. We decided to go downstairs and watch the game. .
Ginny looked at me and said, "Dad's going to love that dress."
I told her he already saw it and did love it.
She said it figured. Then she said, "Well if you're going to look so hot, I should too."
She started going through her closet. I heard her say, "perfect."
She turned around holding a white dress it looked like a long white tank top. Made out of that stretchy material the use for wife beater T shirts. She pulled her clothes off and slid the dress over her head. It did not hide anything. It clung to every curve of her body like a second skin. Her Dark nipples were clearly visible. It barely covered her ass.
"Nice," I said. "No panties?"
"No panty lines," she laughed.
She then walked up to me. She unbuttoned one button from the top and one from the bottom. The top gaped open to where it just hid my nipples. When I walked my yellow thong was clearly visible.
I reminded Ginny her Dad was downstairs and that he was watching TV with friends.
She giggled and told me they were work friends and one was about 21 and cute. I wondered how dad would feel seeing his daughter dressed like this in front of friends. I said that I'd be scared they'd try to fuck her in front of her dad.
Ginny laughed and in an exaggerated funny voice said, "Oh no, that would be horrible."
We headed down the stairs. Mr. H saw us first. "Hi girls, what's up?"
"Nothing," Ginny said. "We figured we'd come down and watch the game with you, if you guys don't mind."
"Don't mind at all," said Mr H.
I could tell he noticed how we were dressed, but he didn't say a thing. The other guys turned around to look. They kinda stared. Dad walked us in the living room and introduced us.
"Hey guys, this is my daughter Ginny and her friend Tina."
Truthfully, I don't remember the guys names.
If Mr. H. Was concerned about how we were dressed he didn't say anything. In fact he seemed kind of proud.
"They came down to watch the game with us."
The 2 friends on the couch moved over and made room for me in the middle. Mr H patted the arm of his chair and told Ginny there was enough room for both of them.
I went to sit down. I'm sure as I bent over to sit both guys saw at least 1/2 my ass. When I sat the unbuttoned dress gaped and my panties were clearly on display. I just pretended I didn't notice.
Ginny sat 1/2 on her dad's lap 1/2 on the arm of the chair leaning against her dad. That meant her ass was facing us. He put his arm around her resting on the arm of the chair. His hand landed at her thigh right at the hem of her dress. His fingers played with it.
As we watched the game I noticed he was slowly pulling the hem up bit by bit. I knew where he was sitting he couldn't see her ass. So if he was doing it on purpose it was to show his friends. The dress had ridden so high you could see 1/2 her ass.
I noticed the guys sitting on the couch with me. They weren't sure where to look. I think they forgot about the game and were only watching us.
I asked if anyone wanted a drink. All the guys said they'd have a beer. I got up to get them. Again when I got up I'm sure I flashed 1/2 my ass. When I opened the fridge, the beers were on the bottom shelf. I smiled to myself. I bent over straight legged and grabbed 3. I knew for sure my ass was completely exposed to all of them.
I brought the beers into the room. When I gave each guy their beer I bent over. They each got a very clear view of my tits down my top. I sat back down. Ginny gave me a quick wink.
Then she said to me. "You didn't get yourself anything. I'm going to get a Diet Coke. Want one?"
I said, "Sure."
Ginny climbed off the chair. She made no move to adjust her dress. It had slid 1/2 way up her ass and her pussy was exposed. Everyone looked. She pretended not to notice. Her dad was behind her and could only see her ass. She turned to him and asked him if he wanted anything else. Now, he also could see her pussy was exposed.
He just smiled at her and said, "No, I'm all set thanks."
Ginny got us 2 glasses. She reached to an upper cabinet. There were some in the lower cabinet shelf, but she stretched for the top letting her dress slide higher. She then pulled out the freezer drawer. With her legs slightly apart she bent over to get ice for the glasses. That did it. Her dress slid completely up over her ass. We could see her pussy and ass perfectly. She stood up. Back still to us, ass exposed, she put the glasses on the counter and filled them. She put the coke back in the fridge, picked up the glasses, and turned to us. Glass in each hand.
It was only then, as she walked towards us, did she pretend to notice her dress.
"Oh my god! I'm so sorry," she said.
The 2 friends mumbled something about its ok and no worries. She quickly handed me my coke and tried to readjust the dress with one hand. Her dad held out his hand. She handed him the drink and pulled her dress down. Well almost down. She still had a bit of ass showing. She climbed back up on the arm leaning into her dad. His hand went back around her to the hem of her dress. This time it was obvious he was slowly pulling it up. He didn't stop till her ass was completely exposed and the dress almost around her waist. Then he rested his hand on her ass. She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek.
He looked at her, and in a soft voice, pretending we were not supposed to hear, said, "no panties?"
She shrugged and said, "No panty lines."
I giggled.
I am not sure the guys watched the rest of the game. We kept getting up and doing stuff. They'd watch us.
When the game ended we finally went up to Ginny's room. We giggled, laughed, called each other slut, and reviewed our antics and their reactions. I commented that her dad seemed to enjoy it. Actually seemed proud of her.
"I know," she said. "I thought I was going to cum every time he pulled my dress up when I sat down. I was afraid when I stood up you'd see my pussy juice on my thighs. And his hand on my ass. Did you see that."
We giggled and chatted more. Her Dad called us for dinner. We got up to go. Ginny looked at me and said, "No way."
No way what? I thought.
She grabbed my thong and pulled it off me. I stepped out of it. "That's better," she said. We both giggled.
Mr. H was in the kitchen. He smiled when he saw us. "Well, you girls certainly impressed my friends today," he said.
We innocently asked what they'd said.
"They couldn't stop talking about how hot you are. By Monday I'm sure everyone at work will know how hot my daughter and her friend are."
"Uh oh," said Ginny, obviously worried. "Is that a bad thing?"
"Nah," said her Dad. "One's married, and no one would believe them anyway. But it's true. You girls sure are hot."
We thanked him.
He looked at me and said, " I see you lost the panties."
I giggled and told him his daughter made me. I asked if he wanted me to go put them back on.
"He laughed," and said. "No way, I love pussy." We all laughed and ate dinner.
"Where's Ricky'" I asked. The little perv was always around when I was here.
"He's at a friends house. He should back around 9-9:30," he answered.
We made small talk. Ginny and I went upstairs. Around 9 we decided to go watch TV. Ginny said lets get ready for bed first. Ginny pulled on a short T shirt that barely covered her ass. I put on my T and little boy shorts. The also barely covered anything.
We walked into the living room. Ricky and Mr H were watching TV. We asked what they were watching. Ricky's mouth dropped open. He kept looking at his dad then us. Mr H acted like nothing was going on and told what they were watching.
Ginny lay down on the floor in front of the couch. Her top pulled up and exposed her ass. I asked Ricky if I could sit on the couch with him. He nodded. I lay down on the couch and put my feet in his lap and asked if it was OK. He mumbled yes.
I think he forgot the TV was on. Between his sister's ass, my feet and panties, and his dad's non reaction. He had no idea what was going on.
I could feel his hard cock against my legs. I decided to tease him and rub my legs or feet against it every once in awhile. He got bold and started rubbing his hand up and down my leg. I couldn't believe he'd gotten so brave. He kept moving it slowly higher and higher waiting for me to react. The only reaction I made was to sigh, spread my legs a little, and place my leg on his cock so he knew I was doing it deliberately. I was wondering how far he'd go. I mean, he's 18. What could he possibly know. Then again, he was cute and has had girls he'd "gone out" with. So anything is possible. The idea that he was so young started getting me wet. Dammit, what kind of pervert am I. Then again. Kevin and Peter were 18 and I gave Kevin a blow job. I guess I am a perv.
I looked around. There was a throw on the floor near the couch. I asked Ginny if she'd throw it to me. She rolled over, grabbed it and threw it to me. When she did her pussy was completely exposed. Ricky looked at his dad to see if there was a reaction. His dad just smiled and went back to the TV. I put the throw over my hips. Ricky's hands now started going a little higher. I put my fingers in the waistband of my panties, lifted my ass, and pushed them down as far as I could.
Ricky got the idea and pulled them the rest of the way off me. Knowing they were gone, he ran his hand right up to my pussy. I spread my legs to give him access. He was kind of clumsy and rough. I took his hand in mine to guide him. He was a quick learner and was soon fingering me just the way I like. I kept playing with his cock with my feet. I could feel myself starting to cum. Again I took his hand and guided it. I came, as I did I let out a loud moan. Mr. H and Ginny turned to look at me.
Ginny giggled.
Now I wanted to return the favor. I sat up, stretched and said out loud that my side hurt. I asked him if I could put my head in his lap. He nodded, again looking at his dad for a reaction. I turned around keeping covered with the blanket. I put my head in his lap. I then pulled my top up over my tits. I took his hands and again showed him how to touch them. Once he got the hang of it. I let go of his hands and slid mine to his lap. I could feel his hard cock. Ginny was right. It was big.
As he played with my tits I rubbed his cock through his pants. It took about 3 minutes till I felt it spasm and felt his pants get wet under my face. I was surprised he lasted that long.
He looked around and said, "I better get to bed."
He walked around behind the couch keeping his back to us and went upstairs. Ginny and her dad looked at me.
"What?" I asked.
Ginny reached up and quickly pulled the throw away. I was on the couch exposed from my tits down.
Ginny just laughed and said, "You are a slut."
"You're the one who taught him," I said.
Mr. H looked at me and said, "nice tits."
Ginny looked at him and said, "She does have nice tits, doesn't she."
He said, "Yes but I'm sure you do to."
She put on a little girl face, kneeled in front of him, looked at him, and said, "Daddy, would you like to see my tits?"
I unconsciously placed one hand on my tit and the other went down to my clit. I started playing with both. I watched Ginny and her dad.
He was not shy. He reached down and pulled her shirt off her. She raised her arms to make it easy for him.
He reached out and caressed them. "I always thought they'd be beautiful," he said.
"Thought?" She asked. "Do you think about my tits a lot?"
"More than I'd like to admit."
She was still using her little girl voice. "What else does Daddy think about?" She pushed herself up so her face was in front of his. Her hands were on his thighs supporting her.
This was getting hotter and hotter. I spread my legs, lifted my knees and seriously started playing with myself.
His hands reached down and grabbed her ass. "I've always wanted to grab this sexy ass."
"Mmmmm, that feels good," she cooed.
Her hand fell to his lap. "Anything else daddy wants from his little girl?"
He just looked at her.
She started unbuttoning his pants "Anything? she said again. She starting pulling his zipper down. "Anything?" she repeated. She pulled his cock out. It was about 7". She breathed on the head, looked him in the eyes and in a husky voice said, "Anything you want."
He pushed her head down. She opened her lips and started sucking his cock. It was so sexy, so hot. I'd seen her naked before, but of course never saw her give a blow job. She was good at it. You could see her hands pumping his cock up and down and her saliva dripping down the sides.
I came. She heard me. She stopped, smiled at me and then started again. Her dad's head was back, eyes closed. His hand resting on the top of her head. She kept sucking him. All of a sudden he moaned. "Baby?" warning her he was going to cum.
She stopped for a second and said, "It's ok," and dropped her mouth back over his cock.
He started to cum. She got most of it in her mouth. Some sprayed on her tits. She turned to look at me. She smiled, opened her mouth to show me it was full of cum, and then swallowed.
I came again.
She brought her hands up to the cum on her tits, started rubbing it in, and said, again in her baby girl voice, "Look, daddy you made my tits all messy."
Then, she just stood up, announced it was bedtime, grabbed my hand and pulled me upstairs. At the bottom of the stairs she stopped. She looked at her dad sitting head back, eyes closed in his chair and said, "Night daddy."
We ran up the stairs giggling.
I climbed into bed and started checking messages and responding to texts. Ginny was in front of me, back to me, and brushing her hair. She turned to look at me, and asked what I was doing. I told her I was taking pics and kept taking them. She turned to face me, still brushing her hair.
"That better?" She said. "Who are these for?"
"A friend," I said. She didn't even question me.
I sent them to David with a note telling him there's a story to go with them and that I'd have to tell him later.
"Good girl." Came the text.
As I lay in bed I thought of the last few days. Julie, Cathy, Ginny, I wondered if every girl had a daddy fantasy.