Prologue:
Being a submissive wife has its ups & downs.
The hard part was the added responsibility. Kelly was a strong business minded woman. She worked hard all day as an office manager. At night, or on the weekends, she still had to work. A different kind of work. She was a sexual submissive to her husband, catering to his every need. It was a role she willing embraced.
The good part was the feeling it gave her. She loved pleasing her husband. It gave Kelly comfort to be submissive to him, because he knew how to treat her properly, and with great respect. It made Kelly feel safe to be in his bondage. Tied by his ropes. And then there were the orgasms. The lovely orgasms. That was the best part of being a submissive wife. All the orgasms she could ever want.
It gave their marriage a much needed jolt whenever possible. After several years of marriage, any way to spice up their love life was always a good thing.
As she undressed from her office attire, she wore a soft pair of silk stockings, a white pair of bra & panties, and a see-through negligee.
It wasn't something she wore often. And she wasn't required to dress like that around the house. It was something she chose to do for that particular evening, which was very special.
Richard came home around 6 pm. He had been working a little later than usual thanks to a big merger his company had been working on.
"You look amazing," he said upon seeing his wife.
Kelly was in the kitchen in her sexy little outfit preparing a home cooked dinner. There was a row of candles which were arranged in the dining room, but hadn't been lit yet.
"I thought I'd do something special, since, you know, today is a pretty special day for us," she said.
"Did you think I forgot?"
Her eyebrow raised. "Did you?"
"Our 10th anniversary."
She smiled, "You remembered."
"I did. And I also got you something. A nice little surprise."
He took something out of his pocket and held it upright to show his wife. From the short distance, Kelly couldn't tell what it was, but it looked like a key card or something.
Kelly sharpened her eyes and put her hands on her hips. "Well, are you going to tell me what it is, or am I going to have to guess?"
He put it back in his pocket. "I can't give you all the details yet. But it's something I know you're going to be thrilled with."
"Any hints?"
"What do you want?" Richard asked. "What do you want to have happen to you? Would you be interested in another woman?"
She flashed a skeptical look. "Is this another one of your games?"
"I'm absolutely serious. Would you be with another woman if you had the opportunity?"
She paused. "It's something I've been interested in for a while. You already know that."
"Then we'll make it happen tonight," he said. "I want our 10th anniversary to be unforgettable. I mean it, tonight will be special, and unlike anything we've ever done before."
She squinted at him. "You're serious, aren't you?"
"I got us tickets for a very unique event. We've never been there before, but I've heard many great things about it from people I trust."
"Sounds exciting."
"Of course it's exciting. Anything you want to happen, it will come true, sexually speaking. Think, what do you want to have happen? What do you want your first lesbian experience to be like?"
Kelly used her vivid imagination. "I'd like bondage to be involved in some way. Maybe I'm tied up and she comes over and licks me. That's how I'd imagine my first time to be."
"What would you want her to look like? Any preferences? You can have whatever you want."
"It doesn't matter. Just as long as she's sweet. Preferably not a lesbian. I'd like to have the same experience level as her so we can kind of explore it together. I guess that would be my ideal scenario."
"You can pick the woman you want."
"I can?" she asked.
"You pick, and she will be yours. Whatever suits your needs."
Both of Kelly's eyebrows raised. "Oh my."
"How would you feel if I fucked her?"
She gave a playfully sharp look. "Looking for an excuse to cheat?"
"Technically, you would be cheating too, since she'd be eating your pussy and making you cum."
"Touche," she smiled.
"So how would that make you feel?"
Kelly and Richard gave each other playful expressions. They were always totally honest with each other. And they had been married long enough to know each other's thoughts.
"Now that you mention it, it does sound pretty hot. Having a threesome is not something I think about often. But it's crossed my mind on certain occasions, here and there."
"Just think, you would be tied in bed, this other woman eating your pussy, then I'd fuck her. Nice and hard. Maybe you can clean her afterwards with your mouth. Enticing, isn't it?"
"God, this all sounds so deviant," she said with a slightly nervous tone in her voice.
"But does it make you wet? That's the big question."
"Sure, I suppose. My first lesbian orgasm followed by a threesome. That's enough to make any woman moist."
"Then it's settled. We're doing it."
Kelly raised an eyebrow. "If you keep talking like this, you're going to make me drip all over the floor and I'll have a real mess to clean."
"That means I'm doing something right."
"You always do."
Richard smiled, "For our 10th anniversary, your dreams will come true. This is going to be an amazing night. Come on, wear a nice dress. I'm taking you out for a nice romantic dinner. Afterwards, I'm taking you someplace special. A place we've never been before."
"You still haven't told me where we're going."
"You'll find out when we get there," Richard replied. "I promise you will be satisfied. Now get dressed."
"I've got the perfect black dress for tonight," Kelly said. "It's new. I've been dying to wear it."
"After dinner, you won't be wearing it for very long."
"I love you Richard. The past 10 years of my life have been a great adventure, you know that, don't you?"
"I love you too," he replied. "And the adventure is just beginning."
There was a playful expression on Kelly's face. She knew she could trust her husband. He always made the right choices for her. But the secrecy was what grabbed her attention. Richard was never a secretive person. But tonight was different.
Kelly put away the pots & pans, and put the food back in the fridge, while she was still dressed in her skimpy outfit. She was curious about her husband's surprise for their 10th anniversary. Whatever it was, it must have been good.
However, she had no idea how good things were going to be. It was the perfect anniversary gift that was going to take their sex life to a whole new level.
Part 1 of 3: The Slave
Melinda waited alone in the room.
It was sort of an office. Sort of a library. There were books all around the walls. And there was a large wooden desk. There was a chair in front of the desk for Melinda to sit later. There was also a video recorder sitting on a tripod, facing her. It was turned off at the moment.
The room was a place of elegance & sophistication.
She was only there because a close friend had recommended that particular organization. She was told that everything was professionally run, and so far, that appeared to be the case. Everything was handled in a corporate-like manner.
The door opened and in walked the Madame. She was tall, voluptuous, and she wore an elegant gown. She had a powerful demeanor about her, which was to be expected from a prominent Madame.
Melinda stood.
"Thank you for waiting," the Madame said.
They shook hands.
"No worries. I understand you're a busy woman."
"I'm always busy, but I love what I do."
"I can see that."
"Have you found everything to your liking?" the Madame asked. "I hope my staff has been helpful with you."
"Yes, very much so, thank you."
"Great. Now if you don't mind, I'd like to begin recording this interview session now," the Madame said. "I have a tight schedule. Please, have a seat."
Melinda sat down while the Madame activated the video recorder. Then the Madame sat behind the desk and got comfortable, as the two women looked at each other.
"We're going to begin the interview now," the Madame said.
Melinda nervously nodded. "Okay."
"I've already reviewed your resume and medical records. Everything looks acceptable. This is the final phase of your audition. We like to record this so our organization can make things more suitable for you."
"I understand."
"State your name for the camera," the Madame ordered.
"Melinda Cartwell."
"Age?"
"32."
"Marital status?"
"Single."
"Occupation?"
"I'm a paralegal," Melinda replied. "I help lawyers prepare cases, interview clients, do research, that sort of thing."
"How would you describe your appearance?"
Melinda thought for a moment. "I have shoulder length hair. Slightly wavy. Auburn color, which is kind of brownish. Average build. I've been told that I'm attractive."
"Do you agree?" the Madame asked.
"If that's what people think, then that's their opinion."
"I'm asking your opinion. Do you agree that you're attractive?"
"I think I am. I'm definitely not supermodel attractive, but I'm fine with my appearance."
"What's your best facial feature?"
"Probably my eyes. They're dark blue. I like them."
"I'd have to agree," the Madame noted. "Piercing blue eyes. A cute nose. And pretty lips. You have a very lovely face."
"Thank you."
"And your body? How would you describe your body?"
"My proportions are fairly average. I stay in shape by running on the weekends and doing yoga on the weekdays."
"How would you describe your breasts?"
Melinda thought for a moment. "They're small handfuls. Firm. Slightly upturned. They're shaped like pears. My areolas are light pink. I have pink nipples which protrude."
"Are your nipples sensitive?"
"Very."
"Do you play with your nipples when you masturbate?"
"Sometimes," Melinda acknowledged.
"And your legs and butt? How would you describe them?"
"Fairly toned," Melinda replied, with a hint of pride in her voice. "It's from all the exercising that I do in my free time."
"Now tell me about your sexual experience. Have you had many partners?"
"Not really," Melinda replied. "Less than 7, in my whole life. I'm more of a relationship type person than someone who goes around looking for one night stands."
The Madame smiled, "And yet here you are, being adventurous."
"I know," Melinda blushed.
"Would you describe yourself as being sexually adventurous?"
"Not exactly."
"Then what brings you here?"
"The experience," Melinda replied. "I'd like to experience something new, just for myself. It's hard to explain, but I'd like to explore my sexuality while I'm still young. I'm sure you hear that a lot."
"All the time," the Madame agreed. "So, do you like experimenting with new things?"
"Sure, sometimes. Who doesn't?"
"Do you like to experiment with anal?"
"I've done it with a few of my past partners. Not all the time, but it's enjoyable once and a while."
"Threesomes?" the Madame asked.
"No."
"Would you be open to the possibility?"
"I'd be open to it. I wouldn't mind if it was with the right people. Especially if I was, you know, the submissive of the group. I wouldn't know what to do otherwise."
"How about bondage?"
"I have experience with light bondage. Nothing extreme or hardcore. Just homemade stuff, with things around the house, stuff like that. Nothing painful either."
"Was your bondage experience fulfilling?"
"It was okay," Melinda replied truthfully. "I'm not very experienced with it. Neither were my past partners. It was sort of playing around with a fun little fantasy."
"Bondage is an art. Not many people are good at it."
"I agree."
"What about lesbian encounters," the Madame asked. "Have you ever been with a woman before?"
"I've had a few lesbian experiences in college with a roommate. Nothing since then."
"Did you enjoy it? Do you still think about it?"
Melinda smiled, "Yes and yes."
"Do you think you're good at eating pussy?"
"I've been told I am."
"All things considered, I think you would be great with couples. You have such a natural spark about you, you're curious, open minded, and you swing both ways when necessary."
"I've never thought about being with a couple before," Melinda replied. "But it sounds doable. I think I'm up for that."
The Madame nodded. "You're a very attractive woman Melinda, with a wonderful personality. We're happy to have you here."
"Thank you."
"Now that leads us to the final three questions. The most important questions. First, how submissive are you? Tell me about your submissive side."
Melinda gathered her thoughts. "Ever since I became a sexual person, I knew I was submissive. Maybe I didn't understand it right away, but I knew what I liked. I enjoy being controlled and 'taken' in the bedroom."
"Why?"
"There's a freedom in letting go. When I am told what to do, or if I'm bound, all control is lost. To me, there's a freedom in that. Everything is out of my hands. I feel safe and warm. And I love the feeling of being the center of sexual attention. My body is being worshiped and used by my partner."
There was a sexual tension in the air. It was raw emotion. Melinda was letting go during the recorded interview. And the Madame was enjoying every second of seeing Melinda's vulnerable side.
"Now the second question," the Madame said. "Are you ready to become a slave?"
"I am."
"Why?"
"I take orders well. I enjoy being told what to do, and how to do it. Even with my job, I'm very punctual with all of my boss's orders. I can handle light pain. As long as it's not too painful, I'll enjoy it. It's all part of being a good submissive, right?"
"You're right," the Madame agreed. "Now for the third and final question. Why do you want to be auctioned for a night?"
"It's the ultimate submissive fantasy. You know, looking my best, being admired, then being bought by a total stranger. I love the idea of being sexually used by someone I've never met. It's very taboo."
"Do you think you can handle the pressure?"
"I think so," Melinda replied.
"How do you know?"
"Because I think I'll get off on it. It's hard to explain. But I know I'll enjoy it. I'll definitely be nervous, but I could handle it."
The Madame smiled and graciously stood. She lifted the video recorder from the tripod and held it in her hand. Then she walked towards Melinda and stood in front of her.
"We're done with the questions," the Madame said, pointing the camera down at Melinda. "The final part of the process is to see if you can actually perform under pressure."
"Okay."
While still pointing the camera down, the Madame lifted the lower part of her gown and exposed her bare vagina.
"Now, perform for the camera," the Madame said. "Impress me."
Without hesitation, Melinda leaned forward and pressed her lips to the bare skin of the Madame.
***
The training was a very informal thing.
When Melinda had extra time away from work, she would visit the Madame in the same place where she did the interview.
There, she was schooled in the art of being a proper obedient slave.
"You have much to learn," the Madame said. "Fortunately, you are a naturally gifted submissive. Training you will be easy."
And the Madame was right.
Melinda was a natural. She was groomed in the art of good submissive behavior and proper manners. She was taught the intricacies of giving oral sex. And she was taught the proper way to relax when being bound.
As Melinda went about her normal life, the auction was always in the back of her mind. When she was working as a paralegal, spending time with her mother & sisters, or going to coffee shops with her friends, she couldn't help think about the decision she had made.
A part of her felt she was crazy for doing such a thing. Another part of her knew it was exactly what she wanted. After all, the Madame ran a highly professional operation and everything was safe.
But if she didn't do it, she knew she would always regret it.
Melinda was in the prime of her life. She was a grown woman. And she had chosen to make a decision which would impact her forever.
Part 2 of 3: The Auction
It was the night of the big auction.
She sat in a small private room while a make-up artist fixed her appearance. It was a short process, and when it was done, Melinda opened her eyes to see that she was prepared like a Hollywood actress ready for a big premiere. Perfect in every way. Her hair had been nicely done too.
The make-up artist left the room and Melinda stood in front of a small wardrobe, deciding what to wear.
After a brief thought, she decided on a see-through pair of a black bra & panties. She wore the tiny outfit and examined herself in the mirror. Next came the high heels on her feet, and she took another look at herself.
Melinda could barely recognize her reflection.
Gone was the educated legal assistant. Gone was the girl next door. Gone was the proper young woman.
There stood Melinda, the slave, complete with glamorous make-up, well done hair, and a bra which was thin enough to reveal the color of her nipples.
As she looked at her reflection, she wondered who her purchaser would be. Would it be a man? A woman perhaps? Would the person be gentle or rough?
God, she hoped the person would be gentle. Melinda was a woman who liked her submission to be treated with love and care. She was an affectionate submissive. That was the kind she liked. She wanted a thoughtful dominant. Either way, she was prepared to accept the outcome. She was an adult woman who made a choice to be there.
After all, it was her big fantasy.
There was a knock on the door.
"Come in," Melinda said.
The door opened and the Madame entered, wearing a beautiful long red dress. Her make-up was also done nicely. The Madame's eyes looked up & down the submissive, pleased with what she saw.
"Gorgeous as ever," the Madame complimented, closing the door.
"Thank you."
The Madame was holding a black collar, and instantly, Melinda knew what it was for. But the Madame didn't talk about the collar, not yet at least.
"How do you feel?" the Madame asked. "Nervous at all?"
"A little bit. Partly excited."
"I can assure you, that's a very normal feeling for a woman in your position. It's perfectly healthy."
"Well I'm glad to hear it."
"You'll do fine," the Madame reassured. "Mentally, you're in the right place. And we have so many great people looking to purchase a slave tonight. You'll be in good hands."
Melinda smiled, "I'm very happy to hear it."
"What's your biggest hope for the night?"
"To have the anonymous stranger push me to the limits. I'd like to explore. I mean, that's the purpose of all of this, right?"
The Madame nodded and gave a slight smile. "Yes it is. And I can promise you that your desire to be pushed will be met. You see, the clients that come here to purchase slaves areveryexperienced. They know exactly what they're doing. So your submissive side will be pleased when the night is over."
"You're making me even more nervous, but in a good way."
"Don't be nervous," the Madame replied graciously. "Now tell me, what's your biggest fear?"
"That whoever purchases me will be unkind. You know, that sort of thing. I don't like pain, not the bad kind anyway."
The Madame smiled, "I can assure you, that won't happen. All of our members and clients will handle you with the utmost care."
"That's what I've heard. And that's part of the reason why I've decided to become a slave here."
"Speaking of which, it's almost time. You can wait here if you'd like, or behind the stage. My assistants will guide you to the stage when it's your turn."
Melinda took a deep breath. "The butterflies in my stomach. My goodness. I'm nervous. But I'm ready.'
The Madame rubbed the shoulders of the trained slave. It was done in a motherly and caressing way.
"You're a strong woman. You can do this."
"I know I can. I'm actually very excited."
"Excellent," the Madame smiled. "Now, one last thing."
The Madame held up a black collar with her finger and twirled it around playfully. Melinda knew exactly what to do, and she lifted her hair so that her neck was exposed.
The Madame wrapped the collar around Melinda's neck, while they faced the mirror. It was a collar with the silver letters S-L-A-V-E on the front part of the neck.
Melinda continued holding her hair up as she gazed at her reflection in the mirror, while the Madame attached a leash in the back of the collar.
And everything was complete. Melinda was in full slave attire, ready to be auctioned to the highest bidder.
"You look stunning," the Madame whispered in her ear. "I'm a bit sad that I won't be able to watch you getting fucked tonight. But I know that it will be an amazing experience for you. The auction will begin soon."
The Madame gave the slave a kiss on the cheek, then left the room.
***
Most people have an idea of what an auction looks like. When people think of auctions, they think of a guy talking fast on stage, and participants raising their hands to make bids on whatever item is for sale.
This was similar. But also very different.
Melinda stood backstage in her tiny see-through clothes & black collar, and listened as the Madame conducted the auction.
Each slave was sold with care and treated as if they were prized possessions, like they were the greatest treasures in the world. Listening to the auction being conducted made her heart pound and her pussy wet.
Finally, it washerturn.
"Ladies and gentlemen," the Madame said to the audience. "Next, we have a very special treat. She's new to the slave experience. But she is also very prepared. Please welcome, the beautiful Melinda."
The small audience gave a light applause as Melinda was still backstage. Two scantily clad women approached Melinda and took her by the leash. The women didn't say a word.
Melinda was led to the middle of the stage. When Melinda stood center stage under the spotlight, the women stood beside her, along with the Madame who spoke into a microphone.
Although she tried her best to maintain a proper lady-like composure, her heart pounded furiously. It was a dark room. But she saw the crowd faintly. There must have been at least 50 people there. She could tell that they were all extravagantly dressed.
The men wore nice suits. The few women in the room wore fancy dresses. It was a classy affair, and they were all there for sex.
"This is the beautiful Melinda," the Madame said. "By day, she is a professional career woman, working as a legal assistant. However, her fantasy is to be treated like the good slave that she was born to be. She is submissive in every way. And believe me, I've found that out myself."
The Madame snapped her fingers and the women on stage removed Melinda's bra, leaving her breasts exposed. Then the women pulled Melinda's panties down.
Oh god, Melinda felt her pussy twitch. She was the only naked person in the room full of well-dressed people. All eyes were on her. The bright spotlight was focused on her bare body.
The Madame continued. "As you can see, she is physically perfect. As a 32 year old Yoga practitioner, she is in the prime of her life. Breasts shaped like ripe pears. Protruding pink nipples which are sensitive and made to be sucked. Toned arms which were made to be grabbed while she's getting taken. A flexible body, made to be bent in any shape while being ravished. A mouth that was made to suck. A butt made for anal sex. And a pussy which was made to endure."
The eyes in the room stared at Melinda's nude body.
The Madame continued, "The slave that you see is highly proficient in the art of oral sex. Particularly in the art of female satisfaction. I can tell you this from firsthand experience. She is also versed in male satisfaction as well. Which makes her perfect for married couples."
Melinda stood still and her eyes surveyed the room. Even though the room was dark, she could still see the faint expressions of people in the room, seeing them salivating at the thought of getting their hands on her.
The Madame continued, "Although she enjoys light bondage, she is a delicate kitten and must be treated with the utmost kindness and respect. She is a very special girl, after all."
Deep down, it was everything Melinda had hoped for. It was far more frightening than expected, but she got the strange exhibitionist thrill she was looking for that night.
"The starting bid is $5,000 for this slave," the Madame said.
Suddenly, the lights in the room brightened a little, and it wasn't so dark anymore. Melinda had a better view of the audience, and it only made her more nervous. She was able to see the faces of the people in the room. It was far scarier. And it was far more arousing too.
As the bids came in, Melinda could barely hear a thing. Her mind was spinning. It was a huge rush. She could barely hear, but she was able to see the hands going up, in what appeared to be slow motion, as the people in the room placed their bids for Melinda's body and sexual services.
Melinda was snapped out of the trance when she heard the following words.
"Sold! To guest number 38, for $15,000."
That was the moment in which Melinda came back to reality.
***
When the auction was over, the slaves stood obediently in an orderly line, dressed in their small outfits, standing behind the stage. They were all collared and ready to be sent to their new owners.
Melinda relished the feeling of being sold. She wanted to meet her new master. It was exciting. She hoped he would be a nice guy. She wished with all her heart that it would be a memorable experience. She wondered what kinds of fetishes her new owner had. Maybe he just wanted to fuck? Nothing wrong with that.
It was all part of the experience of being sold. The curiosity had her mind spinning and her pussy wet.
The Madame came and personally congratulated all of the slaves. Then she assured them that the night was only beginning.
She handed a piece of paper to each slave, then they were escorted away by scantily clad women.
Next, it was Melinda's turn.
"You're a very lucky kitten tonight," the Madame said.
She handed Melinda a small piece of paper, which had the number 930 on it. It was the room number where her owner would be.
"Thank you."
"Your new owner has something special for you," the Madame said. "Are you ready?"
"I am."
"That's what I like to hear. You'll do fine. Trust your instincts and enjoy your first slave experience. The submissive inside of you will get the pleasure it rightfully deserves. Okay?"
With that, the Madame leaned forward and gave Melinda a gentle kiss on the lips. When the kiss ended, they looked each other in the eyes, and Melinda was escorted away by the leash attached to her collar.
Part 3 of 3: The Night
The two scantily clad women led Melinda to the elevator, then up to the room. None of them spoke a word. The women didn't speak. And Melinda was too nervous to say anything.
Melinda was still only wearing her see-through top and small panties. And she was being led by the leash on her collar.
Once they arrived to the room, the woman knocked on the door, then she opened it.
Melinda was led inside the room where she stood by the entrance with perfect lady-like posture, the way a good slave should stand, and the two women left, closing the door.
She was left alone with her purchaser.
The room itself looked like a fancy hotel room. It was neat, very clean, and there was a stylish sense to it. Only some of the lights were on. The room was a mixture of light and darkness.
On the chair, there was a man sitting there. He was dressed in a sharp suit and his face was partly covered in darkness. Through the faint light, Melinda figured the man must have been in his 30's or early 40's. There didn't appear to be any expressions on his face.
There was a beautiful black dress placed neatly on a table.
On the bed, there was a naked woman. Her wrists tied to the bedposts. Her ankles tied apart to the lower bedposts, and she was in a spread eagle position. There was a blindfold covering her eyes. And a red ball gag in her mouth.
Melinda felt her adrenaline returning at the surreal sight. She knew by the sight of things that she was in the hands of a professional dom. Not some amateur. Not someone who's experimenting. But a true professional.
"Undress," the man said casually. "Your heels too. But leave your collar on. I enjoy the leash."
"Yes, sir."
Melinda obeyed. She removed her top to reveal her pear-shaped breasts. She removed her bottom, her toned athletic legs on display, along with her cleanly shaven crotch. And she removed her heels.
Within those brief moments, Melinda stood fully bare in front of her new owner. She was fully naked except for the S-L-A-V-E collar around her neck, with the leash still hanging down.
She wasn't nervous anymore. After standing naked on stage in a room full of people, she could handle anything at this point.
"My name is Richard," the man said. "The naked woman you see on the bed is Kelly."
"Hi Richard," she replied, trying to sound cordial. "I'm Melinda."
"Welcome, Melinda. You must be surprised."
"Why?"
"That I purchased you, while my wife is tied naked on the bed."
So the bound naked woman in bed was Richard's wife. Melinda was genuinely surprised, but in a good way. She had an open mind that night and was ready for anything.
"It's certainly unorthodox," Melinda replied. "But we all have our fantasies in life. And I'm not someone to judge."
"Not when you have a leash around your neck."
"Yes."
"I chose you for a few reasons," Richard said. "First, you're very beautiful. Second, you're new to this. Third, my wife likes you. Fourth, you're apparently very good at pleasing other women."
Melinda nodded. "I've been told that I have that talent."
"Good, because my wife has never had the pleasure of female satisfaction before. She's interested though."
Melinda looked over to the naked woman who was bound, blindfolded, and gagged.
"I'm sure she's a lovely person."
"And very submissive too," Richard added. "You see, as you've mentioned earlier, my wife and I have a very unorthodox marriage. I am her husband. And I am also her dom. She is my wife. And she is also my submissive. We love each other dearly. And we take care of each other's needs."
"I understand, sir."
"Please, call me Richard."
"Okay, Richard."
He continued, "Today is a very special day. It's our 10 year anniversary. It's simply not enough to bind her at home and make her cum. No. A day like today needs to be special. That's why I've brought her here. And that's why I've purchased you as my slave for the night."
The fantasy had come to life. Melinda felt her nerves vanishing and her pussy becoming wetter. God, she was ready for this.
"I'd love to help in any way that I can."
"Have you ever entertained a married couple?"
"No."
"A threesome?"
Melinda shook her head. "No."
"You're not very experienced, are you?"
"No, I apologize. I made it clear to the Madame that I'm new to this world. So forgive me if I'm not up to par. But I promise to try my best."
"Don't apologize," he replied. "I've never had a threesome before either. And I've never introduced another partner to Kelly before. That's why you're perfect for this. We can explore this together."
Melinda nodded. "I'd like that."
"Would you? Would you like tasting my wife's pussy while I ravish you from behind?"
"Yes."
"Would you like to begin?"
Melinda nodded. "Yes."
"Well then, slave, my wife's pussy is wide open. I'm sure she's dripping wet by now. Why don't you go ahead and have a taste?"
"Thank you."
Melinda approached the bound & helpless woman on the bed. The closer she got, the clearer she saw the woman's naked parts. In the partially lit room, Melinda saw the woman's brown nipples and cleanly shaven vaginal area.
It was a surreal moment, and Melinda was about to perform oral sex on a woman whom she had never met before. A woman who was bound & blindfolded. A woman who couldn't even speak since a gag was in her mouth.
And it wasn't just any woman. It was Kelly, the wife of the owner.
Melinda positioned herself on the bed, between Kelly's legs. She wondered what Kelly must have been thinking, if she was enjoying this or not. She wondered if this was truly Kelly's fantasy.
The question was answered as Melinda bent down and took a closer look at the spread eagle pussy. Inside the pussy was wet. Fluids were glistening. It wasn't rocket science to determine that Kelly was highly aroused. There was no doubt about it.
Melinda rubbed Kelly's thighs, closing in on the center. Then she leaned forward and gave the pussy a nice kiss. It made Kelly shiver. After another lick, Kelly's legs seemed to twitch. Melinda licked up & down like a good slave.
"Tell my wife how she tastes," Richard said.
"She tastes amazing."
"Say it to my wife."
Melinda looked upward at the blindfolded & gagged woman. "You taste amazing Kelly, you really do. I absolutely love your taste. I adore it. I love the taste of your pussy on my tongue."
There was a whimpering sound coming from Kelly, but it was muffled by the ball gag in her mouth.
"Well said," Richard commended. "Now continue licking. Make her cum."
Melinda continued her work and focused her oral attention on the wet pussy. All the while, the bound wife continued groaning with the gag in her mouth and squirming in bed.
As Melinda's tongue was buried deep in the pussy, skillfully licking up & down, she wondered about the woman she was pleasing. She wondered what Kelly was like in her ordinary life, what she did for a living, what hobbies she had, what kinds of foods she liked to eat, what tv shows she liked to watch.
The curiosity only made the sexual counter so much hotter. Perhaps Melinda would find out all the answers when they could talk and become friends someday. Or maybe they would never speak to each other, ever. Who knows?
But the only thing that mattered at that point was pleasing Kelly's pussy. That was Melinda's only job- so far.
At work, Melinda always took orders well, and she always followed through. Now, her boss was Richard, and she had been ordered to make his wife cum.
Her tongue continued stroking up and down. Her lips remained pressed against the pussy. And every so often, she would give the pussy a nice suck, and slurp on the natural juices.
Each action gave Kelly an equal reaction as she laid bound on the bed. The wife pulled on the ropes which bound her wrists. And she pulled on the ropes which bound her ankles. Her moaning sounds were muffled by the red ball gag in her mouth.
Melinda worked harder when she knew that her oral technique was working and achieving its desired effect.
"Her toes are wiggling," Richard said. "That means she's close to achieving an orgasm."
That was when Melinda worked even harder. She licked harder & faster. She pressed her lips tighter and sucked with increasing intensity.
Kelly squirmed hard and yanked on the ropes which kept her bound. She groaned hard, but it was suppressed by the ball gag.
"Swallow," Richard said to the slave. "My wife is a squirter. I have to warn you. And I want you to swallow it if that's okay."
"Mmm hmm" the slave acknowledge.
Sure enough, the orgasm came, and it came in spectacular fashion. Melinda continued her sucking & licking, and Kelly had a powerful orgasm.
A rush of fluids gushed from Kelly's pussy, and into Melinda's mouth. It came in several spurts and Melinda's mouth was relentless in swallowing. Kelly's body jerked and squirmed while Melinda continued to work her oral magic with her highly trained mouth.
When it was done, the fluids stopped coming out, and Kelly's body remained still, while she breathed heavily through her nose.
Melinda sat upright with pussy juices all over her mouth, like a fresh coat of wet make-up.
"Bravo," Richard said casually. "You did a terrific job."
"Thank you sir."
"So tell me, how does my wife taste?"
"Delicious, sir."
"Melinda, my slave, I'm going to fuck you now. And I'm going to fuck you in the ass."
She gulped. "Yes master."
"We're not going to do it in a normal position. Do you understand? This will be something different. Something you've never done before."
"My mind and body are open for you."
Richard gave a satisfied nod. "Get on all fours. Position yourself above my wife. You're going to look her in the eyes."
She gulped again. "Yes master."
Melinda got on all fours and she positioned herself over the naked woman whom she had just given an intense lesbian orgasm. Not just any woman. But the wife of her new owner for that night.
When she was in position, she was a mere few inches away from Kelly's face. Even with the blindfold and gag, Melinda could tell that Kelly had very pretty facial features, and she wondered what Kelly looked like without the bondage.
As she assumed the position, she heard Richard getting up and undoing his clothes. She didn't look at him. She simply remained in position, on all fours, directly above the bound wife.
"My wife is an amazing woman," Richard said to the slave.
Just then, Melinda heard the sound of a bottle cap being opened. She knew right away that it was lubrication. Her suspicion was confirmed when she felt Richard's finger, coated with lube, pressing against her anus.
The lubed finger was pushed inside Melinda's butt.
He continued, "Kelly has been my submissive wife for 10 years. Loyal and precious in every way. Tonight is something new for us."
The finger moved in and out, coating Melinda's rectal walls.
He continued, "This is partly her fantasy. She wanted to be bound in bed, while a woman ate her pussy. Even though she can't speak or see at the moment, I can tell that she loved it. Her body reactions are easy to read. The way her toes curled and her legs shivered, that means she had an intense orgasm. The fluids from her pussy only confirmed it."
Richard's finger pulled away. Then he pressed the tip of his erection against Melinda's tiny anus.
He added. "Do you want to see her? Do you want to kiss her?"
"Yes sir," Melinda nodded. "I would."
"Why?"
"We've shared a special experience together. And I think she's pretty."
"She's gorgeous," Richard said. "Go ahead, see for yourself. Remove the blindfold. Remove the gag from her mouth."
Melinda obliged. She carefully removed the blindfold, then suddenly the two women made eye contact. Melinda looked the wife in the eyes. And Kelly, saw the woman who had just eaten her pussy and given her a lesbian orgasm.
Then Melinda removed the red ball gag, and suddenly Kelly's mouth was freed, gasping for deep breathes of air.
Melinda was happy to finally see the face of the beautiful wife. And she wondered what Kelly's voice sounded like, or if they were actually going to say anything to each other.
But it didn't happen, not yet.
Richard pushed his cock in Melinda's butt, and the slave let out a small yelping sound. The cock went deeper, and Melinda's eyes widened and her mouth opened, while she was still looking Kelly in the eyes.
"Do you like my wife?" Richard asked, with his cock buried deep inside the slave's ass.
"Yes...sir. Very much so."
He pulled back, then pushed, making Melinda gasp.
"Do you want to kiss her?" he asked.
"...oh...yes sir."
"Then do it. She's never even kissed a girl before. You'll be her first."
Melinda bent down and kissed the restrained wife, while a cock was beginning to ravish her asshole. It was officially Melinda's first threesome. At that point, she felt her ass being stimulated by Richard's hard cock, and her lips being stimulated by the softness of Kelly's mouth.
The fucking continued and Melinda felt her asshole becoming accustomed to having the cock pounding her. In all her years of anal experience, it had never been done so rough before. She was used to gentle anal sex. But tonight wasn't the night for gentle sex. Tonight, she was a slave. And she was a slave whose owner wanted to fuck her ass hard.
As the fucking persisted, Melinda continued kissing Kelly on the mouth. It became a sloppy wet tongue kiss. Melinda loved the feeling. And she especially loved the fact that Kelly had never kissed a woman before. There was an erotic thrill in taking Kelly's lesbian virginity.
"Do you enjoy rough sex?" the owner asked.
She struggled to speak. "Yes, sir."
"Let me know if it gets too much. I never want to hurt you, my dear. But I really want to make you cum. I want you to cum the way my wife did."
The anal fucking became harder and more intense when Richard grabbed the leash andgentlypulled, which slightly choked Melinda's collar. As a result, her breathing became more restricted and she felt a squeezing tightness around her neck.
Melinda stopped kissing the bound wife as the anal fucking became harder. It became harder and harder, and the bed started to shake. Melinda felt the pressure building inside of her as her ass was being pounded.
"Oh god," Melinda whimpered while her neck was getting squeezed. "My ass...my ass..."
At that point, Melinda's bottom was getting pounded so hard that her little pear shaped breasts began to wave back & forth. Tears were forming in her eyes and she continued making little whimpering noises.
The leash was getting pulled harder and the collar tightened, giving Melinda less air to breath.
Even worse, as Richard continued pulling the leash with one hand, he used his other hand to reach below and fondle Melinda's sensitive nipple. He pinched and twisted it.The bastard. He knew her weakness. He knew her sensitive spot and he exploited it during sex. Her pink nipple was in agony. But it was also a source of great pleasure for her.
Her mouth was making short grunting noises. Her eyes closed. Her body was stiff as she endured the ass pounding, breathing restrictions, and nipple torture. And her hands tightly clenched the bed sheet. The feeling of intense anal sex and sexual stimulation was building inside the slave, and Richard sensed it easily.
"Cum, my slave," Richard grunted. "Squirt like my wife did."
He let go of her nipple, and instead, he reached down and expertly played with Melinda's aching clitoris, while he ravished her asshole with his erect cock. It was clear to Melinda that her owner was well versed in this position, and he must have done this plenty of times with his wife Kelly. Such a lucky woman, Melinda thought.
The leash was pulled harder and the collar became tighter around Melinda's neck, which prevented her from screaming.
Instead of screams, short breaths of air came out of Melinda's mouth as she reached her orgasm. Her back arched upwards while her ass was being viciously pounded, and her clit was being furiously rubbed.
"My ass," she softly whimpered, with her tight little asshole getting a hard stretching. "My ass."
It was her turn to cum. And it was also her turn to squirt. A few gushes of fluids shot from Melinda's pussy, and onto Kelly's body. She didn't cum as much as Kelly did. Melinda wasn't really a natural squirter. But she squirted enough to make a statement.
And that statement was, the sex was fucking amazing, and that she loved being a slave for that married couple.
The grip on the leash was slowly being released, and the collar felt less restricting. Melinda felt the air coming back to her lungs and her neck & throat at ease. Between the intense orgasm she felt, and the collar being loosened, Melinda barely noticed the fact that Richard had just cum inside of her asshole.
"I'm done," Richard said, fully releasing his hold of the leash. "Now it's time for you to get cleaned."
Melinda recognized the innuendo in his voice. She remained silent for a moment and breathed heavily. She wanted to regain her composure before speaking to her owner again.
It was all part of being a proper slave.
"How would you like me to do that, sir?" she asked in a well composed proper voice.
"Press your bottom against my wife's face. She'll clean you."
Melinda was shocked. But when she looked down, she saw a willing look on Kelly's face, who gave a slight nod to let Melinda know that it was okay.
Once the cock was pulled from Melinda's ass, she crawled upward and sat upright, positioning her asshole just above Kelly's mouth, and she lowered herself. Deep down, Melinda kind of felt bad for being in that position, but it wasn't her call. It was what her owner wanted. And judging by the obedient licking her ass suddenly felt, Kelly wanted it too.
As Melinda felt her asshole being licked & cleaned by the bound wife, she closed her eyes and savored the moment. It was, by far, the craziest night of her life. Nothing had ever come close.
In many ways, being auctioned was the best thing that ever happened to her. It gave her a sense of confidence. A sense that she could do anything. She had never felt so comfortable in her own skin.
It was sexual liberation at its finest.
Kelly's tongue went a little deeper inside of the anus to suck the cum, and Melinda felt like a satisfied slave. She wondered if she could ever do this again, and with who?
Epilogue:
A year had passed and Richard had promised Kelly something special.
He had come home early from work. Meanwhile, Kelly had just returned after a long day in the office. She was still dressed in her office attire.
When she came home, she was told to remove her shoes and put her purse down.
"Can I at least change my clothes first?" she asked. "I could probably use a shower too."
"Allowing you to do that would ruin the surprise."
Kelly smiled, "Another crazy gift for our 11th anniversary?"
"That's right," he said, taking out a blindfold from his pocket.
She looked at him skeptically, but agreed. She wore the blindfold, and Richard led her up the stairs, down the hall, to their bedroom.
When they reached the destination, Richard asked if she was ready, and she said that she was.
The blindfold was removed.
Kelly's jaw nearly dropped at the sight of a naked woman, bound in their marital bed. The naked woman had her wrists & ankles tied together by rope. She was in the kneeling position, with her ass pointed outward.
It wasn't just any naked woman though. It was someone who seemed familiar. Someone that Kelly was able to recognize based on the naked backside.
"Is that...Melinda?" she asked.
"Why don't you have a taste and find out?"
"Did you..."
"I bought her for tonight. Or longer if you want. She can be our slave when we need her. She's more than willing."
"You're too much," Kelly said with a slight smile, gently shaking her head in disbelief.
"Go on, have a taste darling."
Kelly gave her husband an ambiguous look, then she approached the bound slave, got down on her knees, and spread the slave's bottom even further with both hands. Kelly began to perform oral sex on Melinda's asshole and pussy.
As she continued with her oral work, she heard the sound of Richard opening a drawer. She tried to ignore it and focus on orally pleasing the slave. But she couldn't ignore it when Richard placed a small box on the bed, right next to the slave.
Through the corner of her eye, Kelly saw what was within the small box. It was a newly purchased strap-on kit, and Kelly knew it was going to be another long night.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.