Vicky again...
So I'm needing to take this course to gain certification for a job. My girlfriend's father, Tom, whom I've known forever, lives in the Miami area where the course takes place. He is nice enough to let me stay at his place until I complete my training.
He's a very handsome man at forty-two years of age and in crazy good shape. Very polite, he gave me a very welcoming warm hug when I entered his home saying that I'm like a daughter to him.
My best friend, his daughter, knows I've always had a crush on her dad and said, try not to cocktease my father too much. LOL
His house is enormous at eight thousand square feet, with sauna, tennis court, practice green and a pool.
He's a fantastic cook. The first day he made us a gourmet meal that was delicious. We sat afterwards had wine and talked by the fire pit in his backyard reminiscing about our family's history together.
Like I was saying, I've always been attracted to him and being like a daughter was in direct conflict with my true feelings. I felt something needed to be done about this. Not that I wanted to have sex with him (of course I did) but I did want him at least thinking of me as a woman, desirable and not as a daughter figure. I wanted him to lust for me as I did for him. Not necessarily to have actual sex but for him to want or at least think about the possibility. Lets face it, sexual tension is natural and fun!
A few days in, on a beautiful warm day, I asked if he would mind me skinny dipping in his pool. "Not at all... I often do so myself!" he replied. The pool is heated to ninety degrees, so it's perfect.
I've been skinny dipping every day that weather permitted. He seems very content with my being nude. DUH!
How could he not be? His eyes I'm sure were on me behind those sunglasses, which is always a turn on. As you know, I love to be watched. There was however, no outward sign of his wanting me in any way and with sunglasses off, he doesn't look at me any different than if I were clothed.
He was a perfect gentleman, sadly. So I needed to push the point. I wanted him to make a pass, get a hard on, anything to acknowledge an attraction. I'm a woman who's looks garner her a lot of attention and I'm use to that. And I was showing him, ALL of that! Of course we always want what we can't have don't we? And I want his manly attention!
First thing the following morning I walked into his kitchen topless with nothing more than a semi-sheer bikini panty on. He said a good morning and asked what I took in my coffee. He made no mention as to my being half nude. None!!
Weird.
We stood there talking for the better part of a half hour with him not acting like anything out of the ordinary was happening. He would glance at my bosom but with no sign of anything special.
What a challenge! This was oddly very much a turn on for me with perhaps my erect nipples giving away my excitement. If they had given it away, he didn't react.
My mind was now in I must have him mode.
We had a couple of days where the weather didn't cooperate so no pool or sunbathing. When it finally did, I came out of the pool naked and walked directly into his bar area and helped myself to a tequila and poured him a bourbon. I gave him his drink and was about to walk back out to the pool to do some suntanning. I asked him as I handed him the drink, if he would mind putting some sun screen on my back. "No, not at all" was his response.
Now I've got him!
I think.
I laid there in anticipation of his strong hands massaging my back and most certainly more. When his hands made contact, I broke out in goosebumps all over. Surely he must have noticed that. My pussy was already anticipating his hands invading its space. He gently applied the lotion from my shoulders to the top of my ass cheeks. Here we go I thought. Just when I felt that now's the time to spread my legs ever so slightly, exposing my paradise alley, he stopped. "There you go Vicky! Enjoy your day. I have some errands to do" as he got up and left.
What the fuck! Errands to do? I thought it was pretty obvious I was giving him, if not an errand, a pussy to do. I was more than shocked. Of course there was nothing I could say that wouldn't look, well, desperate on my part if I haven't already. I was now in a lather of want! What is a girl to do?
When he came back home he said he was going to make us a special dinner. It was of course fantastic in every way with us finishing with a dessert and wine. He made mention of retreating to his off the bedroom jacuzzi being that his body was feeling tight from tennis the day before. I asked if I could be so bold as to join him with his response being, "Absolutely.. no need to ask, you are always welcome."
I went back to my room to freshen up, coming out in a robe nude underneath. I walked through his bedroom and proceeded outside to the jacuzzi dropping my robe before going in. I was hoping to give a grand opening, an entrance but he wasn't there so I entered alone into the tub. I could hear a toilet flush so he was around.. and then he came out of the bathroom completely nude. My God he looked wonderful. The chiseled body I knew about but his manhood was perfectly proportionate. Not too big, not too small. He entered the tub two glasses and bottle of wine in hand and we talked, drank and soaked in the starry night. No moves on his part, no sexual innuendo. Just talked.
How fucking frustrating is that?
VERY!
Okay now, he may think of me in a daughterly way but come on! Men are clamouring all day long for my attention. Women at times too!
I'm nude often in front of him, now in a hot tub and nothing!
Maybe he's gay!
Some may be asking, well Vicky, maybe you need to make the first move. Perhaps but I don't want to take the chance of being rejected and too, then having his real daughter finding out that I tried to seduce her dad.
Yet here I was, getting more than a little drunk, horny, with his extra large King size bed within view, I actually had ideas of forcing the point. I really did. Just get up and face fuck him. Force feed him my love puddle.
I thought it but didn't but oh my I wanted to.
Most every night from that point, we spent in the tub before retiring for the night. Enough of this shit. I had to do something. I came up with a plan. This day would be the day I fuck him. I got back from my course knowing he would be home soon. My plan was to greet him in a sheer teddy, wrap my arms around his neck and plant as wet a kiss as possible on him and tell him that I need him in me. If he returned my kiss, I would drop to my knees and perform fellatio on him.
I heard his car as it entered the garage. Here we go, I'm horny and ready but nervous. I saw him walking up to the door and to my disappointment with a lady on his arm!
Oh my God! I ran back down the hall into my room just in time to not be seen as they entered.
Apparently he and she had been together all afternoon, tennis, early dinner and now closing out the evening together. I came out of my room. He introduced me to her, very attractive in her early forties. My plans evaporated away.
As big as the house is, I was able to hear their activities in the jacuzzi and onward and upward in the bedroom. Well, at least I know he isn't gay!
They sounded like they were having a really great time. Since having Wendy in my life, having sex with another woman has been a very welcomed addition. A threesome?
It entered my mind. I could just walk into his room nude and plunk myself into that giant King with them both and see what transpired. The problem was that I wasn't wanting to share. I wasn't wanting a threesome. I wanted him for myself.
That night passed and now two nights later, he took me out to a very nice place for dinner. I dressed in a sexy dress but not in a whorish fashion. I wanted him to feel proud to be with me. He was. He complimented me several times on how classy I looked. When we got home he asked if I was joining him for a tub. "I would love that" was my response. I had shaved my pussy that morning. Wendy told me that my hairy pussy was wonderful but being that I had a larger than normal sized clit and ample pee-flaps, that it would look magnificent if shaved. I only mention this because Tom took note of my new, at least to him, look, right away as I walked nude through his room towards the tub.
"You've made some changes!"
"Yes I did", was my response, "You like it?" He said he did very much but he loved my unshaven self as well. We laughed, talked, drank, soaked in the tub and yet again, went off to our separate rooms. No moves towards me. No sign that things would change and move in my favour. He was a real tough nut to crack and believe me my crack needed his nuts.
Why didn't I make a move? Why am I so scared? I laid in my bed very frustrated. Very.
I should have attacked him while in the jacuzzi? Several hours of thinking about him, brought me now to three in the morning. Masturbation would not help this frustration. I needed his touch. I needed him in me, on me and kissing me all over. I could taste it and wanted him to taste me. I got out of bed and left my room butterflies flowing strong in my tummy.
I was so nervous as I walked down the hallway and approached his bedroom door. What if he rejects me? What then? I stood there staring at his door. I was there probably all of four, five minutes but it felt like hours. My shaky hand reached out and knocked. There was silence and then a "Yes!" I opened the door and entered his room. I had not even thought about what to say once past that threshold. What came out was off the top of my head. As I approached the side of his bed, I simply said, "I need a good fucking." With that he flung open his blankets without a word, the action welcoming me to join him.
I jumped in and after 5 minutes of deep kissing I climbed up and mounted his face, my hands holding on the top of his bed board. Wow, my God does he know how to eat pussy. Almost as good if not as good as Wendy! His tongue worked me like a conductor of an orchestra. He sucked on my large clit and pee-flaps driving my body into involuntary convulsions until I reached a mind bending and squirting orgasm. My freshly squeezed juices all over his beautiful face. We're not finished.
I spun around into the 69 position and placed his dick in my mouth. His hard on was lovely and perfect. Hard as granite and about six inches and just the right thickness.
I deep throated him, while my hands played with his balls, taint and anus. He was really enjoying it. His cunnilingus technique was incredible, often so intense that it took my concentration away from the task at mouth.
His cock was throbbing as was my cunt. It was like a race to the finish, a finish that he won. I came again. My God I was squirting all over his face and pillow. I released his cock from my mouth just before I came but as soon as I was able, I took him down my throat working him until I could feel his ejaculate pump in me.
We made love like this and more repeatedly for a couple of hours. Each of us coming multiple times and then falling asleep in each others arms until noon.
So far, we've been going at it like rabbits ever since.
More to cum.