After an extended long day, Samantha Daniels turned on the lights to her campus apartment she shared with her boyfriend.
"Nick? Nick, I'm home."
Silence.
She frowned when there wasn't a reply and walked into the living room, throwing her bookbag on the couch.
The last nine or so months had been draining; tests, classes, meetings with agents, book contracts to go over. Everything crammed into less than a year and Samantha felt like her life was on a racetrack at the Indy 500.
Make that her professional and college life, while the personal portion was what kept her somewhat sane.
Her man, Nick Andrews, constantly by her side, cheering her on and doing everything in his power to make her happy, and then there was her sometimes woman, Chandra Wills who assisted her with work and play. Despite all the help she'd been, she held true to her position of not being their third and this was what drove Samantha absolutely batty. No matter how many times Nick and Chandra tried to change Chandra's mind, their naughty dominatrix/slash librarian wouldn't give in. They'd sexed her, mostly Samantha since Chandra still didn't feel comfortable being alone with Nick. They'd submitted to her, allowed her to introduce them into her world of bondage and submission, and yet the woman wouldn't budge. Regardless, Chandra was determined to stay on the outside, but Samantha was just as stubborn and wouldn't give up.
Thankfully Nick was fully on board with this, desiring Chandra just as much as Samantha. She considered herself very lucky to have a wonderful man as her lover. Most might've left if they saw how much their woman wanted someone else.
Exhausted from the day's events, Sam leaned back on the sofa and plopped her feet up on the coffee table. She'd been running ever since seven from class to class then onto a romance author's symposium held off campus. Things had been hectic and it wasn't even time to graduate. Sam anticipated everything to be doubly tiring when May finally rolled around.
Just as she closed her eyes, her phone chimed, meaning she'd received a text message. She plucked it from her pocket and eyed the screen.
At the laundrymat. Wanna come keep me company?
Nick had taken a part time job at the campus laundrymat to make some extra cash. The pizza place wasn't paying enough and both of them had to get ready for graduation fees in a few months.
Sam smiled and pressed the buttons to respond.
Nah, I'm too tired. I'll just wait for you to get home.
And she really was. She'd just walked in the door and only wanted to take a hot bath then wait in bed for Nick. She was too tired to call Chandra over to join them.
Aw please, babe. I'm dying here. These Youtube videos are getting boring as hell.
Sam laughed and rolled her eyes. She really didn't want to move from this spot and wished Nick could find some other form of entertainment for this late evening.
Nick, I wanna take a bath and wait for you in bed. I'll make sure I'm fully naked and ready for you when you get back.
She grinned, pressed send, and toed her shoes off. Feeling her feet throbbing from walking all day in heels, she grimaced and slowly got up to walk to the bathroom. When she arrived, the phone buzzed again.
Sam, I need you here, babe. I'm doing our laundry, too and I think I left a small bag of soiled sheets behind. Not only will we have clean sheets, but I'll make the trip well worth your while. 
"Ugh!" Sam turned to the left and headed into their bedroom, picking the bag up from the floor.
"You did that on purpose, Nick."
Aggravated, she slipped her shoes back on, grabbed her keys, and walked out to her car. Though the laundrymat wasn't far, there was no way in hell she'd be going anywhere with those aching feet.
* * * *
Nick peeked at his phone again and stuffed it into his back pocket. Most likely, no response meant his good looking woman would be here any moment with their sheets. He'd purposely wet them a little more because he knew how much she liked to keep things clean. Other than her dirty talk and mind, she was a neat freak and Nick played on it every chance he got.
Almost finished with their three loads, he began folding the towels along with their sheets and blankets. Working at the campus laundrymat had a lot of perks, like free laundry as well as access to the place after hours.
Nick was determined to make tonight fun for them because they'd been missing one another all week. Between school, him working and her going to various appointments, Nick hadn't seen much of his lady love other than early in the morning for breakfast or late night. He knew all of it was necessary for them to get through May then on to graduate school. Still, it didn't make it any less difficult for him to miss his woman and he thought an impromptu rendezvous would be exciting.
As he folded the last sheet, a tap on the glass disturbed him. He turned around, making a beeline for the front door. When he arrived, he twisted the lock, and opened the door wide.
"Hello, my sexy woman."
"Hello." Sam pressed her lips against his and pushed past him, dropping the bag on the floor. "Okay, so there's the bag. Are you almost done here so we can go home?" She petulantly crossed her arms over her chest.
Nick took a step back, noticing the dress she wore. Paisley print, spaghetti strapped outfit, just barely covering her voluptuous thighs with her black pumps to match; nude stockings and most likely red lingerie underneath.
As per usual, his woman was dressed to kill and Nick appreciated her going the extra effort to look good.
Only one woman could rival her in dressing sexy. Hopefully she'd come around and want to be part of their loving union.
"Almost done, but we still gotta wash these sheets."
"Yeah, but-"
Sensing a complaint, Nick cut her off, covering her lips with his own while he cupped her hips in his palms. He squeezed tight, yanking her fully into him while they shared a hot kiss.
"But?" His eyes met her wild blue gaze.
"Oh God, Nick, I swear, what you do to me." Sam dragged her fingers over his chest, rubbing his pecs through his white t-shirt.
He hissed from that feeling and bit his bottom lip.
"What I wanna do is make love to you before the night gets away from us." Nick pulled her forward and pressed her against the row of machines. He placed his hand flat on one of them, looking into her gorgeous baby blues.
"Here?" Nick, no, we can't do that here. What if we get caught?"
Nick shook his head. "Babe, we're not gonna get caught and even if we did, so what? Where's that hot exhibitionist who writes those saucy books, hmm?"
"Exactly, she's the one who writes, not the one standing in front of you," she snorted. "It sounds hot, but I don't know about all this. I mean, what if the boss comes by or..."
Nick lifted her chin up and pecked her lips. He traced them with the tip of his tongue before darting it in between them. "Love, my boss won't come by here, okay? Babe, I need you. Damn, ever since we started doing it bare, I can't get enough."
Sam curled her arms around his neck and returned the kiss. "It is true. It does feel good having you inside of me, completely bare. I just wish..."
Knowing what she was about to say, Nick captured her mouth again.
"I know, I know, I want her too, but she's stubborn as a damn ox. She refuses to come around and, perhaps we should just accept that she'll never want us long term."
Sam sighed, shrugging her shoulders.
"Maybe so, but I miss her like crazy. When we have sex, I feel guilty that you're not there with me. The same when we're alone, I want her there, too. God, I'm so freaking crazy, right?"
"No, no, of course not, but, we do need to start thinking about our future, most likely without her. Next year, I'm going to graduate school in Nevada and you're coming with me. I'm not leaving you behind, regardless of how you feel for her."
"No worries, I wouldn't let you." Sam pushed into him and crushed their lips together.
"Mmph." Nick lifted her up slightly, rubbing his erection against her thigh so she'd know he meant every word. With her still in his arms, he unbuttoned the top of his jeans so she could feel how hard he was for her.
"See what you do to me, Sam? I get like this whether it's with you or both of you at the same time."
"You're such a horn dog, Nick. I swear I can't resist you no matter how hard I try."
"Nope. Resistance is futile, my love." He put her down on the floor and shifted her around so her back would be against the machines. "Let me grab those sheets and put them in so we can get started along with the rinse cycle."
Sam laughed and grabbed his cock through his underwear, then smacked him on the buttocks.
Nick walked to the bag then turned the key on the soap dispenser, grabbing one out. Once he had it, he ambled back to the machine, throwing the sheets in and turning the key on the wash to get them started.
"Only a few minutes before they get going."
"And while they do..." Sam hiked up her dress, showing off her red lacy boycuts. One hand held it up while the other busied itself, pinching her clit through the soft fabric. She whimpered and licked her lips, while her fingers danced on the damp material.
"Shi..."
Nick ogled her a moment, then the machine so he wouldn't miss the opportunity to add the soap. He opened the attached door and poured the whole box in before tossing it aside.
"Oh yeah, babe. I love when you play with yourself."
Nick pressed both hands on opposite sides of her head and mashed his body against hers. The rumble of the machine sounded in the background, making a nice backdrop for what he'd wanted to do most of the day, or really the week.
Apparently aroused, Sam smashed their lips together and lifted her leg up for him to get a good angle. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders to maintain leverage.
With their lips still intertwined, he reached down, tugging at his jeans along with his underwear until they encircled his knees.
"Augh, Sam, oh God. I wanna be in you. I need, oh fuck!"
Nick moved away from the kiss and yanked at her panties, forcing them to give away. He tore them from her waist and lifted her up, thrusting his swollen, moist head inside her sex. The minute his dick connected with her pussy, he gasped from the sensation of her soft skin enveloping his cock. Damn, it had only been a couple of days since their last time making love, but the way it felt, it seemed a lot longer.
"Ugh, oh Nick, oh damn!" Sam moved back just enough to pull the dress over her head. She pushed her blondish brown strands from her face, grabbed her phone and tugged her bra down to reveal her perky tits.
"Hello, pretty ladies. Oh damn, how I've missed you."
He leaned down and kissed both nipples in succession before looking into her eyes.
"You want me to take that?" He nodded in the direction of her cellular phone.
"Nope. I have an idea." She pulled him close and held the phone away from her face. "Dial Chandra." Sam looked at him and smiled wickedly. He loved when she got naughty ideas, especially when they involved him and Chandra.
Without really missing a beat, he looked at the screen, noticing she requested face time with her female lover.
"Oh damn, baby. That would be hot if she picked up. Even more of she watched and participated by touching herself."
"Yes it would." Sam nodded at him as they waited.
Excited at the prospects Nick readjusted his hold on her and encapsulated her mouth within his. He picked up the rhythm, moving with her against the machines as it started it's first spin. The added motions from her backside, made his groin fill faster. He tightened his grip on her thighs and gritted his teeth, bracing himself for what was to come.
"Holy fuck!"
Nick toyed with her lips, biting sucking, while he continued pushing inside of her.
"Hello Sam?"
Nick pulled away, and looked at Chandra's pretty face on the screen and licked his lips, hoping she could see the action.
Hot damn!
Virtual is almost as good as real.
* * * *
"Oh, um, Sam? What are you doing?" Chandra lifted her glasses and gasped at the sight. Sam looked to be in the middle of a special moment with her man. She tilted her head, wishing she could get a clearer picture.
"Sam?"
"I want you to watch us, Chandra," she breathed. Her blue eyes filled with longing. Lust. The live picture shook a couple of times in succession, meaning Sam was not only in the middle of, but damn near close to the climax.
"Sam, you and Nick." Her cheeks heated and she placed her glasses back on her face. "You two are so damn, naughty."
Chandra had to admit how sexy it was to watch her favorite couple getting it on.
"Yes, we are," she giggled, with a tremble in her voice. "Nick started it though. He called me ... down...here, but, I miss you and he does too."
Chandra put the phone close to her ear, listening to the gasping sounds of the two of them as well as a strange rumbling sound. "Sam, where are you?"
"In the laundry mat, babe. Nick works here."
"Are you mad? Oh God, you two are taking a huge risk." Chandra played with her pearls and nibbled on her bottom lip. Hearing the laboring breaths and their bodies hitting the machines sent tingles along her flesh and in between her thighs. She closed her eyes a moment, imaging what she would do to the both of them if they were together.
"Chan ... dra."
She looked up, noticing a change in angles. Now Samantha's flush, moist face was directly in front of the screen. Her head jolted, apparently from Nick fucking her doggy style.
"Yes, Sam. I'm here, and I have to say." Chandra opened her legs and ran her hand over her silky underwear. "Face timing you while you're fucking is um... well... a fun experience."
"Is it? Are you turned on?"
Chandra licked her upper lip and pinched her clit through the moist material covering her pussy. She flicked it a couple of times and gasped at the sensation, knowing she'd need more to push her over the edge.
"Sam, talk to me. I - I'm having a hard time seeing anything other than your face, but I want to hear you." She sat the phone on the arm of the couch and toyed with her clit and her nipple at once. She pinched both and inhaled sharply, enjoying the tiniest bit of pain she'd inflicted on herself.
"Chandra," Sam called her name, almost in a whisper. "I wanna fuck you so hard with the strap on you used on me a week or so ago and as I ride you, I wanna smack each side of your ass and leave a handprint on each side. I have to mark you, baby. You're mine, all mine! I only share you with my man. Do you hear?"
Chandra heard loud and clear, rubbing her pussy and nipple at a feverish pace. She clenched her teeth and thighs tightly together, feeling the flood fast on the horizon.
No one had ever titillated Chandra like Sam nor ever would.
How many times had the dominatrix allowed herself to be controlled, to be talked to in this manner? For Miss Devine, never, but Samantha Daniels was no ordinary woman.
"Are you coming for me, Chandra? I can't see you, but I hear you moaning and gasping. You wish I was there fucking you, right? You wish I was there to take all your juices afterwards and drain you dry?"
"Ugh!" Chandra dropped her head and twisted both slivers of flesh, just hard enough to set her off. Bursts of moisture gushed from between her legs, onto her thighs and the soft pillows underneath.
"Holy, fuck, Sam!" Chandra leaned back, still trembling from the aftershocks of her climax. She held her chest while the other still toyed with her clit.
"Damn, babe."
"Oh God!"
Chandra shifted on the couch and turned to look at Samantha's face, contorting from her climax. She smiled and exhaled, wishing she was there to see her up close.
Though she couldn't help but be jealous of the man holding Samantha's heart, she was grateful he was so understanding, allowing them to get together.
Too bad she couldn't bring herself to accept that maybe Sam and Nick were worth risking everything including her sanity.
* * * *
Samantha gripped onto the edges of the machine and leaned forward, trying to hold on. Her legs were weak and her ass hurt like hell from the pounding.
Nevertheless she enjoyed every minute.
"Oh God, Nick, that was amazing. Chandra?"
"Yes?"
Her slow and tired drawl sounded through the dual tone speaker. "How did that feel to you?"
"In the words of Nick Andrews that was pretty fucking amazing."
"Yeah?" He asked behind her and pressed a soft kiss on Samantha's back. "So, if it was, why won't you let us do it to you in person on the regular?"
Silence.
Sam felt the weight of Nick's head on her back and his body on her buttocks.
"Shh, babe, don't push her." Sam struggled to stand up straight.
Nick angled his body around to kiss her and he walked away.
"Chandra?"
"I know, Sam. I know what we all want and, goddammit, it's tempting and..."
"And? Chandra, we're graduating soon. We leave for Nevada in June. I won't be in Chicago much longer and..."
"Shh, don't remind me," she interrupted her with a nervous laugh.
"I know all of that Sam, I just need more time, more reassurance."
Samantha shrugged her shoulders and straightened her clothes. "All right, babe. I get it, I really do, but damn I want this. I need this. You. Us, together, would be fucking incredible. Talk about inspiration for my work. Endless. It would be wonderful."
"It sounds wonderful and you're the most wonderful person in my life right now, Sam. Just ... let me think. Let me come to a decision that I feel works for all of us. I can't promise you'll like it, but hey, who knows how I'll feel over the next few months."
Samantha hated how Chandra ended everything with questions. More freaking questions and if she didn't care about her, she'd throw her hands up and say to hell with it. But maybe, it was more than just care.
Was It love?
Sam wasn't sure, but now, she didn't want to make things more complicated than they already were.
Besides, with Nick being an archaeology major and her being an author, things were up in the air. Could she handle her on and off affair with Chandra to be just as tumultuous?
Regardless of what happened, Sam truly did enjoy her late night rendezvous with her man and woman through the phone.
From now on the words dirty laundry would have a whole new meaning.