Disclaimer: All characters depicted are over the age of consent. This is not a pokephilia story, but does take place in the Pokemon universe. All sex acts are between humans.
*******
You take a careful step along the overgrown forest path and examine your surroundings. "I must've taken a wrong turn at some point..." You think to yourself, not recognizing the lush area. The once vibrant, summer sky above you darkens as dusk approaches rapidly. A breeze rolls through the trees and you shiver in your short, tight dress. "I knew I should've brought a jacket or something," you ponder with regret. You feel your nipples stiffening against the thin fabric and goosebumps form across your exposed cleavage and thighs. You had lately grown accustomed to wearing very little clothing, because of the long, hot summer days in the sun you would tell yourself. Deep down though, you knew that the main reason was because of your recent realization of the affect your exposed body had on other trainers. You would often catch men stealing glances at you, and just this morning had won a particularly tough battle against a man who was so distracted by your figure that he made several obviously bad calls. You couldn't deny that you enjoyed the attention, and having the extra advantage in battles was a nice bonus.
You had not expected to be out this long though, and began to worry about being stuck in the forest past nightfall after a long day of training had depleted most of your items and Pokemon's energy. "We need to get out of here soon, Lucario. I know you guys could really use a Poke Center by now," you lament to your prized companion. Lucario looks at you knowingly, clearly in need of a rest.
"I can show you the way out, pretty lady," a deep voice startles you from behind the brush. You spin around and see a tall figure stepping out of the tree line behind you. "It's not safe to be this deep into the woods this late, you know. All sorts of shady folk come out here to steal from and... take advantage of young, lost trainers like yourself," he warns, coming to a stop a mere foot away from you. You look up at the stranger towering over you and notice he is exceptionally well dressed and built. His broad chest and shoulders strain against his fitted button-down shirt and a large, fancy looking watch glistens on his wrist. Your gaze reaches his face and you find his neatly groomed beard, long, flowing hair, and piercing eyes entrancing. He appears quite a bit older than you, but undeniably attractive, with a commanding presence that makes you feel incredibly small.
"I-I know...I never meant to be out this late. It's embarrassing really. I'm actually a pretty experienced trainer, but I just lost track of time today and got a little turned around," you explain. You feel your heart beat quickening in your chest as his eyes remain fixated on you. This guy is hot, and seems nice enough, but something about him puts you on edge.
The stranger's eyes look you up and down, drinking you in and lingering a little too long on your chest, which from his angle is probably even more visible than usual. "How about a quick battle, little lady, and then I'll guide you out of here?" he suggests.
"Uhh, no thanks. My pokemon are pretty beat up and I'm low on items. I just want to get home," you answer.
"Oh, come on. There's enough daylight left for a quick one, and besides, if it's items you need I got you covered," he insists, reaching into his satchel and displaying a handful of potions.
"I dunno man...I'm not feeling up to it right now, and I-"
"Just humor me. It's been too long since I've had a good battle. I'll even sweeten the deal for you," he interrupts, while swiftly grabbing your wrist and stuffing your open hand with potions. Not releasing his grip, he reaches into his bag again and produces some neatly folded cash. Placing that into your hand he continues, "This here is two-thousand dollars, and I'll give you another two after the battle, win or lose. Money is of no concern to me." He releases your wrist.
Your instincts tell you to refuse. The audacity of him to grab you like that was brash and much too forward. This is a lot of money though. That kind of cash could really boost your training efforts and afford your beloved Pokemon some niceties.
"I'll even heal your buddies again after the fight, and we'll walk straight of here. You have my word. This is a hell of a deal lady. Guess I'm just feeling generous today," he persists.
"Ugh...fine," you reluctantly agree, placing the wad of cash in your bag and uncapping the potions to begin healing your weary team.
"Alright! It's on then," he exclaims, "It's not every day I get to battle a gorgeous young woman like yourself..."
His grin creeps you out, but the offer is too enticing. "With a fully healed team, I'm sure I could put this guy in his place," you think confidently. "Plus, he's obviously attracted to me and will be easy to distract." You quickly heal each of your Pokemon, joyous to see them re-energized.
"Let's get this show on the road! Get 'em Magby!" The man shouts while casting out his first opponent of the match.
"Just a Magby? This guy might not be so tough after all," you say under your breath. "Show him what you got, Prinplup!" Prinplup emerges healthy as ever, delighted to see such a favorable match up. "Bubblebeam!" You command.
The fierce jet of water blasts into Magby and instantly knocks him out. "Nice one!" you exclaim.
"Well that wasn't very nice, lady," he mutters calmly, withdrawing his defeated Pokemon. "Try this on for size!", he says proudly, sending out his next fighter. Your Prinplup easily thwarts his next mediocre opponent, and the next. Your confidence builds with each absolute victory. You notice his unchanging demeanor. Most trainers would be visibly frustrated by now at such a crushing defeat. This guy seemed unbothered though, grinning at you. You can feel his eyes roaming all over your body the entire battle, and you allow yourself to take advantage of his shaky focus, constantly readjusting your dress and exaggerating your movements as you direct your Pokemon. You knew that the way you were hopping around was giving him quick little peaks at your round ass and enticing views of your ample chest as it jiggled around in its tight enclosure.
"This horny old guy can't think straight. He's making so many mistakes," you laugh to yourself proudly. "Can't say I blame him," you smile with arrogance, glancing down at your swelling cleavage and toned thighs. Your new-found assuredness allows you to loosen up a little. "What's the matter old man? You thought this pretty girl was going to be a pushover didn't you?" you tease.
"Ha! I'll admit you're a lot stronger than I was expecting. I'm just happy to have such a thrilling battle. It's hard to find a good challenge these days," the man responds.
"He must only battle children or something if he's winning with this team..." You think.
"And yes...you are quite a pretty thing..." he adds. You smile at the complement, but his tone is a bit unnerving. "Well, I'm down to my last Pokemon, and you're clearly outclassing me, so why don't we make this a little more interesting? If you win the battle, I'll up your next payment to a sweet ten thousand," he suggests. Your eyes widen as he continues, "But...If I can manage to defeat you...you have to pull down that skimpy little dress and show me your tits..." A devilish smile forms across his lips.
You freeze up for a second at the shock of his sudden lewd proposition. "You nasty perv, how dare you even suggest something like that!" you reply defensively.
"Don't be such a prude! Your boobs are practically halfway out already and I can clearly see your stiff nipples through that fabric," he argues. "You're not even wearing a bra are you?" he inquires rhetorically. You instinctively raise an arm to cover your chest and tug at the bottom of your dress, suddenly feeling bare.
"A little teasing is fun and all," you think, "But this guy is starting to take it too far. I can't agree and encourage that kind of behavior. He seriously thinks I'm some cheap whore who will flash him just because he waves a bit of money in my face? Well...ten thousand is more than a bit...a lot more. And there's no way he could beat me anyway. I still have my whole team and he's down to one. Shit, I can't believe I'm even considering this..."
"Well?" he asks, still grinning.
"What makes you think you could beat me anyway? I'm destroying you! You're seriously going to bet ten thousand bucks on the slim chance that you pull off some kinda miracle?" you challenge. You notice your face feeling flush.
"To be honest with you lady, I don't think I have a chance either. But like I said, money doesn't concern me. The thrill of the bet itself is fun for me. Besides, I can see that your blushing and already showing yourself again," - you quickly reach your arm back up and cover yourself - "If you ask me, it kinda seems like you love the attention. What's a measly little flash compared to such a massive payout? Should be an easy decision..." He persists.
You further grapple with the proposition while clutching your torso in embarrassment. "I can't actually let myself get naked for this nasty dude...right? But it's just a quick showing of some skin...and he's so rich he's willing to just throw away that kind of money," you think, "I feel like I have nothing to lose here. For him to wipe my whole team now would be impossible." A clever idea comes to you. "Alright old man, make it twenty thousand and we have a deal. If money is truly not a-"
"Done," he responds rather quickly.
"Holy shit," you react audibly. You basically just secured twenty-two thousand for a single battle. You can't believe your luck, and feel proud of yourself for taking control of the negotiation. A nervous pang hits your stomach though, knowing the degrading act that is on the line.
"Welp, let's get it on then. Don't let me down Machamp!" he shouts confidently, casting his final Pokemon into the field.
"Ok, well he finally sends out something decent, I should've figured. But still, I can handle this," you think.
"Close Combat!" bellows the man. Machamp closes the gap blindingly quick and pummels Prinplup.
"Fuck! Prinplup!" you yell while recalling your spent companion. "You bastard! You'll pay for that. Go Luxio!" Luxio springs into action, seemingly determined to do his best, sensing the seriousness in your voice. You call for a thunderbolt, but again the Machamp is too swift and knocks your Pokemon out with a single attack. You feel a pit in your stomach. "Just how trained up is this damn Machamp?" you wonder, becoming noticeably worried. You look over at the man and find that he's unsurprisingly wearing the biggest shit-eating grin and shamelessly eyeballing you head to toe. "That sucked but I still have four left, there's no way he can get through all of them," you reassure yourself.
One by one, despite your best efforts, the Machamp decimates your team. Each loss hits you harder than the last. You are down to one. "Lucario, please protect me!" you plead. Lucario steps forward with a fierce stare. "Psybeam!" you shout, your heart practically beating out of your chest.
"Machamp, inner focus!" the stranger exclaims, much to your surprise. Machamp remains in position and pumps up his muscles.
"Ha, idiot. He finally slipped up and let me get a super-effective attack in, even though he still had the speed advantage," you whisper with relief.
Lucario charges up and unleashes a powerful beam of psychic energy straight into Machamp's chest. You've seen this attack countless times and can tell it's a critical hit by the size and brightness of it. Dust fills the air from the impressive explosion on impact. "FUCK YEAH!" you shout with glee.
As the dust settles, you realize in horror that Machamp is still standing, looking barely scratched. "What the fuck!? How!?" you scream in disbelief.
The man laughs boisterously. "Nice try, little lady," he licks his lips in anticipation. "Finish it," he commands. Machamp unleashes some attack you've never seen before and Lucario slumps to the ground.
"NOOOO!" you scream. Recalling Lucario, your head droops in shame as your stomach turns. "You tricked me...You cheated!" you accuse.
"Nonsense, there was no foul play there. You lost fair and square. If it makes you feel any better, you look damn sexy getting all worked up," he teases.
"Shut up, perv!" you shout, red-faced, "You better heal up my guys right now, like you said you would!"
"As soon as you fulfill your end of the deal. Now drop that dress, slut," he demands.
His sudden name-calling catches you off guard. "What!? Don't call me that! I'm not a slut!" you protest.
He begins taking measured steps towards you. "Oh please, don't play innocent. Look at that 'dress' clinging to you, if you could even call it that. You've got the goods, and you flaunt it. Nothing wrong with that. But you are most definitely a slut who feeds off of the attention of men like myself. I bet you love nothing more than strolling along and watching how many heads you can turn with that tight little body..." He stops inches from you. "Now honor our bet and show me those delicious tits...slut...or do I leave you here alone with nothing to defend yourself with?"
A lump forms in your throat and you struggle to swallow it down. You've never been spoken to like that before, and you feel dirty. You can't deny that there is some truth in his words, you had been teasing him relentlessly, but it stings to be called out in such a way by this stranger. Was it such a bad thing to be proud of your body? You wonder if perhaps you had taken the 'showing off' a little too far. "Look where it's gotten me now," you think in embarrassment. You curse yourself under your breath for allowing this to happen. You feel trapped. Helpless and on display in the shadow of this mysterious figure, you frantically try to think of a way out, but nothing comes to you.
You decide you'd better just comply before you anger the guy, whose demeanor had shifted dangerously quickly. At least you still get your four thousand, you think, and being left here alone with no Pokemon would be dire. "Fiiine...ass hole..." you mutter. Avoiding eye contact, you hesitantly pull the thin straps from your shoulders and peel down the top of your dress, shamefully revealing your fleshy orbs. "Happy?" you ask scornfully.
"Delighted. That's one hell of a rack," he responds, fixated on your fully exposed chest. You feel intense shame to be willingly exposing your perky assets to this stranger you had only just met. His insulting words ring in your ears, "Slut..." You certainly feel slutty now, half-naked while he ogled your bare flesh like you were a snack. A nervous flutter in your stomach accompanies your wandering thoughts in that moment. You are beyond embarrassed, but you also feel a small sense of pride at the power your body commanded. You can't help but feel sexy, a rare beauty to be admired and desired. Your anxiety fades a bit as you rationalize your behavior. "This isn't so bad, I guess," you think. "All I do is stand here with my tits out and I make this guy's night. It's harmless, and I kept my word." You calm yourself down, knowing that the worst is behind you. Still steering clear of his leer, you notice a large snake-like bulge growing down his thigh. You stare at it in disbelief. It seems far too big to be a penis. You watch open-mouthed as it expands down his leg, straining against his tight pants and threatening to rip them apart. His words snap you out of your momentary stupor.
"See something you like, lady?"
"Wha-No! Ok! I did my part, so-" You're interrupted by one of his large hands roughly grabbing your breast. "Hey!" You instinctively recoil and slap him across the face. "Touching is NOT part of the deal!" you blurt out.
The handsome man's face is overtaken with lust as he says wickedly, "Let's make a new deal then. I fuck your slutty little body every way I can think of, and you get to cum on my huge cock as many times as you want. Sound good?"
You are paralyzed in shock for a moment at hearing his grotesque threat, but quickly come to your senses and waste no more time, spinning around and sprinting away from him as fast as possible.
"Machamp, grab her," you hear behind you. Within a second, you feel the the pokemon's four powerful hands wrap around your arms and legs, hoisting you into the air. You try your hardest to flail out of its grip, but can barely move an inch.
"HELP!" you scream into the cool night air. Machamp carries you back to his master, holding you in front of him with your limbs stretched out like a star fish. You continue to cry out while trying desperately to wiggle out of the position. The man shoves something into your mouth, muffling your calls for help.
"Now where were we? Oh yes, you were drooling over my hard-on and fantasizing about what it would be like to fuck me," he says matter-of-factly.
"MMMM!" you try to protest.
"Yes, you see, the thing about slutty girls like you is you can't help but crave a nice hard dick, especially when one presents itself. Lucky for you, I have a particularly impressive appendage here, and I'm going to share it with you," he states smugly.
"MMMMMM!" you continue struggling.
The attacker grabs a fistful of your dress and rips the fabric off of your body, leaving you completely nude except for your tiny thong, which is then hastily ripped from you as well. He takes a moment to inspect you. "Just as I thought, a perfectly smooth pussy. You've been waiting all day for a guy like me to find you, haven't you? There are easier ways to get laid than pretending to be lost you poor thing," he continues, while beginning to gently grope you. His hands are softer than expected, and they feel warm against your skin as he carefully glides them over every inch of your body. You shiver as his light caressing of your flesh sparks tingling sensations all over. "I'll let you in on a secret. I spotted you earlier today and knew instantly that I was going to have my way with you. I saw you bouncing around the forest in that revealing dress, teasing the other trainers. I figured I should be the one to give you what you've been asking for."
You muster up all of your remaining strength and kick your leg towards him, but it doesn't budge in Machamp's unyielding hold.
Your assailant focuses his attention on your breasts, squeezing them in his strong hands and lightly pinching your stiff nipples. Much to your dismay, his actions are starting to make you aroused, and you try to bury the feeling. "These are some grade A tits, slut. I wonder how many battles you've won because of them," he laughs. He leans forward and takes one in his mouth, sucking and nibbling. He alternates between each, licking and biting one, while pinching the other.
You've never felt so degraded, yet a warmth is spreading rapidly in you, and despite your best efforts your pussy begins moistening. As if he could smell the arrival of your hidden desire, his finger traces a line down your belly and arrives centered on your clit. He starts lightly drawing small circles upon it, all while still sucking hungrily at your chest. Your light arousal escalates into heavy waves of pleasure, and you clamp your eyes shut in an effort to block out what is happening.
"Why does this have to feel good..." you think. "Fuuuck...I can't give him the satisfaction of making me enjoy this. I'm not turned on...I hate this...I'm not turned on..." You repeat the words in your mind.
His finger steadily quickens, and he begins softly scraping his teeth along your neck. The pleasure continues to build, but you carry on with your inner mantra, "I hate this...this doesn't feel good...this d-oh god...no...noooo..."
"Just give into it...Don't try to fight it..." He encourages, gently biting your ear.
You try your hardest to ignore him, attempting to transport your mind to a far away place. Your throbbing pussy keeps pulling you back though, pummeling your senses with desire.
"Your fuckable little body was built for pleasure. Stop denying it. Just let go and enjoy it. You obviously need this. Your poor little cunt is completely soaked. It's inviting me to play with it harder. Just listen to your body and let me give it what it needs..." He continues to play with you, pushing more firmly with each passing moment and biting all over your neck and shoulders.
You scream the lies in your head, tensing up every muscle in your body, trying to regain control. "This doesn't feel good! Noooo...god...not good...please stop...oh my...fuuuuck...no no no!"
"You can cum now my horny little slut," he whispers in your ear, while pressing his fingers firmly into your clit and rubbing frantically.
"MMMMMMMMMM", you can't help but moan through your gag as he forces you to orgasm. Your body twitches uncontrollably as pleasure ripples through you. Your denials are stamped out as endorphins flood your brain. His rubbing persists, pulling increasingly frantic sounds from your throat as your body buckles to his will. After some time, he finally lets up and your body relaxes. You are left breathing heavily, still suspended in the air, coated in a thin layer of sweat.
The man removes your gag and holds your jaw, coming face to face with you. Your eyes snap open, meeting his, and he sternly says, "You make so much as a single scream for help and I'll have Machamp here snap you into two pieces. Do NOT test me, bitch. You understand?"
His icy cold eyes and colder warning send a shiver down your spine, and you slowly nod your head in terror-filled agreement. You accept now that you are completely powerless and have no chance of escape.
His gaze softens and he grins, "That was some orgasm, lady, care for a taste?" He shoves his fingers into your mouth, forcing you to confront your body's betrayal with a new sense. He withdraws his fingers and kisses you deeply, still tightly clutching your jaw. Forcing his tongue into your mouth, he wraps his free arm around your waist and presses into you. He firmly squeezes your ass while assaulting your tongue with his. You don't kiss back, but you take it. His breath is surprisingly sweet, with a hint of mint.
Breaking the kiss, he says, "My god, you are one sexy piece of meat...and delicious too. I am going to savor you."
"Fuck you, creep," you respond bitingly, still out of breath.
He laughs. "By the end of the night, I'll have you begging me for more, slut."
You scoff.
"At least admit how good I just made you feel."
"Never," you deny it.
"That's not what I saw...nor heard...you loved it."
You shake your head. "You're a disgusting rapist pig! And I would never beg you for anything except to leave me alone!"
"We'll see about that," he retorts, while unbuttoning his shirt. He smoothly removes his top and casts it aside, revealing a chiseled, rugged torso.
"Of course he has a super hot body, the fucker," you think. "If he wasn't such an ass hole I would have gone on a date with-" you shake the thought away. This man was taking you against your will and did not deserve such considerations.
He continues to undress, slipping out of his tight pants a little less smoothly. And then you realize why. Your jaw drops as you see his naked, erect dick come into view. It's at least twice the size of the biggest you have seen. A massive, straight, smooth shaft, topped with an engorged mushroom-like head. It looks angry, and it's pointing right between your legs, as if it knows its mark. You can't take your eyes off of it, and shudder at the thought of it entering you.
"Like I said, impressive, right?" He snaps you out of your daze with another boast. "I know what you're thinking...juiciest slab of meat you've ever seen. I bet you'd like a taste, eh whore?"
You despise this man for forcing himself on you, but it would be deeply dishonest to say he didn't look stunning. His hardened body standing proudly in the moonlight with his monstrous erection slowly bobbing up and down was a sight to be seen. His bright eyes are fixed on you and make you feel like prey to be devoured. The familiar feeling of lust tingles through you. "Fuck you. It's gross and...small," you awkwardly describe in a hasty attempt to deny the obvious.
He laughs, "Very creative! If it's so small then I'm sure you'll have no trouble fitting it down your throat, bitch. Flip her Machamp." You shriek as the Pokemon effortlessly spins you 180 degrees in place and catches your limbs again, lifting you higher so your face is level with the rapist's throbbing tool. "Don't even think about trying to hurt me, or you will be hurt 100 times over."
The large, spongey tip is pressed against your lips. The smell invades your nostrils. It's heavy and unique, but not unpleasant. A warm, wet sensation grazes across your pussy and presses onto your clit. The sudden pleasure causes a light gasp to escape your lips, parting them enough to allow entry. The enormous cock is thrust into your mouth, filling the entire space before you realize what's happening.
"Mmmppff!" An involuntary moan leaves your stuffed face as the man ravenously laps at your sex above you. You try not to stimulate his organ, but it's stretching your mouth in such a way that any slight movement causes your tongue to massage the sensitive ridge where the head and shaft meet.
"Oooh...that's it slut. Show me what a good little cocksucker you are." You try to spit it out, but he pushes deeper. "God that tight, wet mouth feels good. I knew it would. While we were battling I couldn't stop thinking about how your pretty face would be servicing my dick soon." He loudly runs his tongue over the length of your mound. "Your pussy tastes better than I could've imagined. So juicy and sweet...ahhmm...I can tell you're loving this. Aren't you so thrilled to be treated like the horny bitch you are?" He returns to sucking and nibbling at your clit.
Your senses are overwhelmed, between the burning desire his tongue is forcing on you, the intoxicating cock in your mouth, and the disorienting feeling of being upside down. You hate what's happening to you, but it feels so fucking good. You begin losing control. You can no longer evade the fact that being used like this, and spoken to in such a manner is making you incredibly turned on. You can't remember a time that you've ever felt this aroused. It's like a switch flipped in your brain and the only thing that matters is getting more pleasure. You aren't sure if you can fight it anymore. Helplessly suspended in space, your body is at the mercy of this man, and he knows exactly which buttons to press. Another powerful orgasm sweeps over you and you scream in ecstasy. Your skin becomes electrified and ultra-sensitive as you are pummeled with intense satisfaction.
He is now roughly groping your ass and eating your burning snatch like it's his last meal. His fat dick thrusts in and out of your mouth, hitting the back of your throat and pulling gargled moans out of you. He pushes it further and further each time. Your eyes water and his heavy balls slap against your forehead. A salty sweet flavor graces your tongue. He begins grunting obscenities into your pussy while he fucks your face with a forceful, steady rhythm.
"Fuck! Mmm! Yeah! Take! That! Cock! Bitch! Dirty! Teasing! Slut! Mmm! Gonna! Fucking! Cum! GAHHHHH!"
An impossibly thick, creamy substance begins coating the back of your throat, quickly filling every space available. You feel his balls twitching against your skin as he holds his cock firmly in place and pumps you full of his semen. You cough and warm cum spills out of your mouth around his meat, pouring down your face like a gooey waterfall. He continues to cum for what feels like minutes, firmly holding the back of your head in his large hand. His cream is now simultaneously sliding down your throat and covering your face, trickling down your hair and pooling on the ground beneath you. As he finally withdraws his slimy member, you realize you had been cumming the entire time and feel your own juices rolling down your torso.
"Ohhh myyy god..." The words unconsciously leave your cum splattered mouth. You can't believe how amazing you feel. Your body hardly feels like your own. It's as if you were transported to another dimension where you float endlessly in pleasure. You don't fully understand it, but something about being used as a dispenser for such an unbelievably copious load of this sex demon's seed stirs something deep within you. You become aware of the sudden lack of stimulation though, and your pussy aches for more. Whatever that feeling was, you need more of it. It's all that matters right now.
"Flip!" commands the man, snapping you out of your blissful daydream. You are swiftly rotated and once again face to face with your rapist. "You're even more beautiful covered in my spunk, slut. Did you enjoy drinking my sweet milk?" He grins lovingly.
You have just enough fight left to feign rebellion, "That was disgusting," you reply unconvincingly.
"Was it?" He jabs, while palming your cunt and firmly massaging it.
"Oohhmmm...yesss...so gross...you...unnngh...fucker..." You continue the act, struggling to suppress the delight his fingers were forcing on you.
He expertly rubs your swollen clit, staring into your eyes. With his other hand he begins scooping cum from your face and feeding it into your mouth. You reluctantly accept his fingers, sucking them clean and swallowing every drop while small sounds of pleasure escape your lips. Your eyes remain locked on one another's as you willingly drink down all of his excess semen. The potent flavor dances across your tongue and intoxicates you. You can't believe how depraved you're behaving, happily consuming this beast's fresh seed after he savagely raped your mouth.
Seemingly satisfied with the cleaning, he grips the back of your head and clamps down on your mouth with his own. This time you kiss him back, savoring his tongue and offering yours. You moan into his mouth, the pleasure from your clit still building. The two of you make out passionately for a while, as he carefully plays with your aching sex, stimulating you just enough to build your need.
After some time, he breaks the kiss and ceases his hand movements. "Drop," he commands. Machamp releases your arms and legs and you fall into your attacker, who catches your ass in one arm and wraps the other around your waist. Your arms instinctively drape over his shoulders and your legs around his waist. Your soaking pussy now rests upon his rock-hard shaft. You look at him with surprise, unsure of what to do with your sudden lack of restraints. You involuntarily begin bucking your hips, gliding your needy lips along his cock. Your body seems to move on its own, desperate for more stimulation. He grins knowingly at you, and you grit your teeth.
"You want to feel my big, fat dick inside you, don't you, slut?" He teases.
"Nnnng...No...I want you to stop...mmmm...raping me..." You argue with obvious lust.
"I'm not doing anything, you horny lady," he replies.
"Yess...you are. Fucker...you're holding me against my will..." Blinded with insurmountable desire, you continue to glide your cunt along him, trying to catch that meaty head in your folds.
"Not anymore. You're just being a needy slut all on your own," he corrects you.
"Nooo...Nnnngh...you're doing this...mmm...to me..."
"Am I? Well then I should stop. You've clearly had enough and it's getting quite late," he teases.
"NO! I mean...don't leave me here alone..."
"Well what should I do then?"
"I don't know...just..."
"Hm?"
"..."
"Just say it, cunt"
"You could...maybe...fuck me..." The words catch in your throat. A small place in the back of your mind screams at you for your pathetic verbal surrender, but it is drowned out in your wildly horny state.
"I could what?" He asks, peering into you.
"Uggh...put it inside of me..."
"Put what inside of you?"
Your patience runs out. "Your big fucking cock! Just fuck me already with your huge dick!" You scream in his face.
He raises his voice back, "Master! You will call me master! And say please you stupid whore!"
"FUCK!!! PLEASE FUCK ME WITH YOUR BEAUTIFUL FAT COCK, MASTER! I NEED IT SO BADLY! PLEASE!!!" You plead in absolute desperation, your aching slit coating his shaft with your cream.
With that, he takes his slimy, hard dick in hand and rams it straight into your juicy cunt.
"OHHHHMMMMMYYYYYFFFFFFFFF!!!" You shriek unintelligibly. You feel stretched beyond your wildest expectations. Your body tenses up as you feel his massive appendage burrow and scrape its way deep into you. It hurts a lot, but it's also incredibly satisfying to finally be filled. You continue to scream as you explode in orgasm. All of the pain is instantly converted into immense pleasure. You spasm wildly in his strong arms while he plunges in and out of you. His pubic bone slams into your clit again and again, and it feels as if he restarts your climax with each thrust.
"That's a good fucking slut!" He roars, penetrating your senseless writhing body. "I knew the minute I laid eyes on you - Oohhfff - that you were the perfect cock sleeve - Mmmmpf - just waiting to be awakened by the right dick!"
His words echo in your ears as you ride through your orgasm. He was right. The bastard knew it all along. You are a slut. How can that be a bad thing if you feel this good? All you know at this moment is that you want this man and his amazing cock to keep fucking you and making you cum.
"You loving this big dick in you, whore?" He grunts through rugged breaths.
You reply enthusiastically, completely letting go, "Nnnng! Yessss! It feels so - AH! - fucking goooood masssterrr..."
"You're going to need your master's cock to fuck you from now on, aren't you?"
His dirty, dominating words are turning you on so much. "Yesss master! Please - Mmmpff - Please keep fucking - Ohffff - Meee!"
Your pleading seems to encourage him, as his pace quickens. "You won't have to worry about that. Mmmm! I think I'm getting addicted to your tight little cunt as we speak! Yes! Fuck! Ungggh...I'm going to keep you for myself!"
"Yesss! Keep me! Ahh! Oh!" You can hardly think straight as he brutally pounds your dripping sex.
You feel like a ragdoll as he clutches you against him, driving his giant cock in and out of you like a piston, kneading your ass and licking your neck through heavy grunts. You throw your head back and moan into the night, reveling in the feel of being completely dominated and man-handled.
"What are you?" He growls.
"A slut! Fuck! Fuuuck! Yes!"
"Didn't I - oooff - tell you that?"
"Ahhh! Yes master! You were - fuck! - right! Ohhhmmyyyyffffuuuuu!" You cum again, your total submission raising your pleasure to new heights.
"Doesn't it feel so fucking good - haahhh - to admit it?"
"YES! NNNNGGGGHH! IT FEELS AMAZING!"
As your orgasm wanes, his thrusting eases and he slows his hips, settling into a new rhythm of rotating them carefully as his hard dick throbs deep within you. "And you're a dirty, teasing slut for using your hot little body to win battles, aren't you?" He asks, locking eyes with you.
"I am! Nnnghh! I'm bad...I know - ahhhh - that guys get all horny and want to fuck me - mmmm - and get all distracted - ffffuuu... - It makes me feel sexy..." You admit it to him and yourself. You can feel every inch of his massive cock as it slowly eases in and out of your gripping tunnel.
"But you deserve to be fucked by their hard dicks if you purposefully get them all worked up like that, wouldn't you agree?" He leans in and roughly bites your nipple while bottoming out in you.
"AHH! FUCK! Yes! I deserve it, master. I need to be punished for being such a bad slut...please keep punishing me...nnnghh..." You squirm around trying to get him to fuck you harder, but he holds you still, flexing his meat buried in you. His words are making you so hot. Images of all the trainers you've teased, clutching their boners and lining up to have their way with you flash through your mind. You feel completely broken, salivating over the strange penises in the fantasy, but you can't help it. You are beyond cock drunk.
"You're learning quickly. Very good. Is my dick the best you've ever had?" He asks, still holding you tight and refusing to thrust.
"Oh my god yessss...It's so fucking big...It's the best feeling...I can't get enough..."
He finally pulls out of you and you shudder. He plunges back in and you moan uncontrollably.
"Mmmmm fuuuuck master...Yes...Please fuck your slut harder..."
You gasp as he wraps a hand firmly around your throat and squeezes while increasing the force of this thrusts once again.
"I'm going to claim your fertile womb here tonight - Yennnghh! - And you will be my cock slut to do with as I please!" He exclaims, with heightened aggression.
"Fuck! Masterrrrnnngh...Claim me! Ohhhhmmmm! I'm yours!!!"
"You'll never deny me again - Nnnggghhh! - Your body belongs to me now!"
"Yes! Oh my god! Fucking use me! Ohhh! Whenever you want! Fuck!"
"I'm going to fucking explode, bitch!" He shouts with urgency. "Take all of my potent seed! MMMMMM!!!"
You feel a warmth rapidly spreading within you, as his cock pulses and blasts thick jets of cum deep into your womb. Your pussy clamps down and hungrily milks his rod as it spurts over and over. It feels so hot to be tightly wrapped around him as he empties his virile load. You look at his face, a twisted expression of raw, animalistic hunger and pleasure. You can't help but realize how attracted you are to him, and drive your face into his. You kiss each other furiously as the last streams of cum are ejected from his softening meat.
With a pleasant shudder, he pulls his manhood from your gripping slit. You feel copious amounts of cum flooding out of your entrance, streaming down your thighs and dripping to the floor. "Now clean your master's cock, slut," he commands as he gently lowers you to the ground.
Your feet meet the ground for the first time since the battle, and you quickly drop to your knees in obedience. Kneeling in a shockingly deep puddle of sticky cum and fuck juices, you take his half-limp dick in your hand. You take a moment to admire it, still in disbelief at its sheer size. "Perfect..." The word automatically comes out of you.
"Good, little fuck-meat. Worship my cock," he instructs. "Now get it nice and clean so I can breed you again."
You comply and gently lick it up and down. You lick and suck away all the evidence of the night's events to the best of your ability.
"You're coming home with me tonight, slut. I need to pump dozens of more loads into you to complete my ownership of you, understand?"
You pop the velvety head from your mouth to reply, "Yes master, please use me more."