They were sitting out in the open, at a street side café. Only a few tables were occupied as it was still noon. The sun was shining, but it wasn't hot. Autumn had brought in a hint of chill and cuddly romance in the air. It was the time of year when they celebrated his birthday. Dev had left his office early to rendezvous with his wife, Aditi for his B'day treat.
'So, let me get this straight. As your Birthday gift, you will not settle for anything other than me becoming your sex slave for the day?' Aditi looked at her husband, inquisitively.
'Yes,' said Dev, looking in to her beautiful dark eyes.
'I suppose it would also involve some flashing and show of skin?' she ventured.
'Yep! And also acting sluttish with whosoever I tell you to!' Dev added and smiled.
Aditi rolled her eyes, 'I spoil you too much. Any other wife, would take you straight to a shrink.'
'Come on, you do enjoy playing the seductress. Don't you?'
'I do, but only in my zone of comfort. And out in the open? Definitely not!' Aditi looked away.
'Honey, you promised... you swore that on my birthday you'd willingly do whatever I wanted!'
'Me, and my big mouth!' Aditi grinned.
'So tell me, will you or won't you give me my birthday gift?' he asked toying with his coffee.
Aditi held his hand and pouted, 'Of course, honey. Have I ever denied you anything?'
'Yes! That's my girl!' Dev grinned delightedly and leaning across the table kissed his wife impulsively.
Indians are by and large a conservative lot. Public display of affection is still not socially acceptable. Their lip lock got disapproving looks from a middle aged couple who were passing by on the street. Dev disengaged hurriedly and picked up his coffee.
'Hey Mister, are you are chickening out?' Aditi grinned enjoying his discomfort.
'I'm not!' Dev smiled sheepishly. 'And lady, you are up, as soon as you finish your coffee.'
'I'm game,' said Aditi draining her coffee in one smooth motion. 'So, what do you want?'
'Hmmm... For starters, I want you to bare your breast, when I call the waiter for the bill.'
'You know, I was expecting you'd ask me to do something like that. So I came prepared -- I'm not wearing any bra under my shirt or any panty under my skirt!' she whispered conspiratorially.
'Wonderful!' muttered Dev rubbing his hands gleefully. 'Then let's do it. . .'
Aditi lifter her hand and ran her fingers through her hair. She casually brought it down to her neck where her fingers momentarily played with her silver pendant, before slipping down to the buttons on her shirt. As her husband watched expectantly, she began undoing the buttons, one by one.
'Do you think this is enough?' she said undoing the third button. 'Or should I do one more?'
'One more...' said Dev, staring lustily at his wife's plunging neckline. He raised his hand to attract the attention of a waiter. A young waiter immediately responded. However, as he approached their table from behind Aditi, he saw nothing amiss. He stood next to her, looking expectantly at Dev.
'Yes Sir, what can I get you?' he asked smiling pleasantly at Dev.
Dev looked at the waiter from head to toe. The young lad gazed back at him, without noticing Aditi's unbuttoned shirt. 'Just, get me the check!' said Dev finally, disappointed that his wife's tempting display went totally unnoticed.
'Sure, Sir' said the lad and turned to go.
'Tut, tut, Baby!' grinned Aditi. 'Your waiter didn't even look this side! Want me to get his attention?'
'Yes, please!' Dev nodded looking at the departing waiter.
Aditi turned in her seat and raised her voice. 'Waiter!'
The waiter stopped and turned to look at Aditi. 'Could you get me a glass of water, please?'
'Sure, Ma'am!' he said looking at her and acknowledging her request. He then turned to continue on his way, but suddenly stopped. Not believing what he had just seen, he turned back to check again.
The lady's shirt buttons were indeed undone, exposing quite a bit of her ample cleavage. Twisting around to speak to him, was making her shirt stretch dangerously. She sure had big ripe ones. Even as he watched, her right breast broke out of the confines of her shirt and popped out in full view!
Aditi smiled, seeing the affect she was having on the waiter. He stood rooted to the spot, just staring at her. She allowed him to stare at her exposed breast, then broke the spell by reiterating, 'A chilled glass of water, please!'
'Huh! Oh, Yes... Sure, Ma'am', said the boy, hurrying away.
Aditi turned back towards her husband who was watching her with fascination. She leaned forward towards him, dangling her exposed breast enticingly over the table. 'Did you see the way he was staring? Tell me, why are men so obsessed with breasts?'
'I don't know,' Dev grinned, 'may be, because they look so damned good! To tell you the truth, I married you because of your big juicy jugs.'
'Oh! Is it? Let's see if you are man enough to feel up my boobs out here in the open!' Dev quickly looked around. Seeing no one close by, he leaned forward and grasped her exposed breast. He then slowly uncovered her other breast and began squeezing her melons gently.'
'Happy B'day, darling!' whispered Aditi as he fondled her breasts publicly. 'This feels nice...' she purred, shutting her eyes and enjoying the sensation.
On opening her eyes, she suddenly froze. 'Dev, there's a big guy sitting two tables behind. He has a camera in his hand and is taking photos. I don't want my pics appearing in sleazy magazines or on the internet! Please grab his camera and delete my photos immediately... Dev, do something!'
Her husband turned around to look, then to her surprise waved at the guy. The guy smiled and waved back.
'Relax Honey, he's my man!' Dev explained to an astonished Aditi. 'He's a professional photographer that I have hired for the day. He will be accompanying us where ever we go, and taking our pictures... discreetly of course.'
Aditi heaved a sigh of relief but wasn't too happy with her husband's idea of a photographer tagging along. She obviously didn't like their privacy being shared by a third person.
'A six foot well built guy shooting with a big camera, isn't very discreet!' Aditi protested.
'Trust me honey, he's good! He has several discreet cameras, there's one that peeps out of an opening in his shoulder bag and even one that is wired to the buckle of his belt. He may have decided to use the big SLR here because there aren't too many people around. Relax sweetheart, he's a professional who's helping me build an album of my pretty wife, delightfully exposed in public places.'
Despite her apprehensions, Aditi smiled at the cameraman and gave him a wave. He immediately responded back, with a nod and thumbs up gesture.
Dev noticed the young waiter approaching their table. But seeing Dev's hand on Aditi's breast, the waiter stopped. Seeing young lad hesitate, Dev pulled his hand away and gestured him to approach.
'Honey, the waiter's bringing your water, now. You should have seen the look on his face when he saw your breast pop out! I hope our cameraman got that - his expression was priceless!'
Aditi looked at the traffic going by. 'If the photo's done, should I cover up, now?'
'No! I like the affect you are having on this young man.
'Sir, your check... and Ma'am your water,' said the waiter placing the bill and water at the center of the table. He looked very nervous and stood ram rod straight, avoiding any eye contact with Aditi or Dev.
While Dev took out cash from his wallet, Aditi decided to engage the waiter.
'Is the water chilled?' she asked.
'Yes, Ma'am!' he said stealing a quick glance at her.
She was indeed good looking, and her shirt was unbuttoned leaving both her melons on display. Boy was she well endowed! He couldn't help noticing that she wasn't covering herself in his presence. He wondered, why. Did she want him to see her naked? Did she fancy him? She was one hell of a bold woman, sitting out in the open with her lovely breast exhibited for the world to see. He was amazed!
'Do you want more ice?' he ventured.
Aditi responded by picking up the glass and taking it to her lips. She drank some and let some of the chilled water trickle down her chin on to her exposed breast. The chilled water had the desired affect and her big nipple tightened in to erection. Noticing that Dev's camera man had his big camera trained on her, Aditi raised the water glass as if in toast and taking a deep breath, thrust out her chest, 'Darling, the water is indeed chilled, give him a good tip'!
Dev smiled and handed an extra 100 bucks to the waiter. 'Thank you, Sir' mumbled the waiter to Dev but his eyes kept darting to Aditi. With a final glance at her ripe breasts, the waiter turned to go but with an 'Oops!' Aditi dropped her spoon to the floor.
'I'll get that... Ma'am', said the young lad chivalrously.
As he went down on his knees next to her chair to pick up the spoon, Aditi looked at her husband inquiringly. Dev, nodded his head imperceptibly and Aditi smiled and turned towards the waiter. As he retrieved the spoon Aditi leaned over and the waiter looked up to see her ripe melons with big tits dangling enticingly, inches from his face.
The young lad froze. He had never been up so close and personal with any woman since he had come to the city. He was so close that he could smell the fragrance of lavender soap that she had used while taking her bath. What would happen if he touched the forbidden fruits? His heart was thumping wildly.
'Darling, can I give him a tip too?' he heard woman's melodious voice call out to her husband.
'Why not, Honey... Go right ahead!' he heard his curt response.
Even as he was debating on the consequences of touching her forbidden fruits, the woman reached out to him and caressing the nape of his neck, pulled him to her bosom. 'Come, take your tip!'
'But, Sir?' he hesitated, glancing apprehensively at Dev.
'What about, Sir?' She repeated his question and then looked at Dev and smiled. 'Sir, likes you and has given you a big tip, hasn't he?' Aditi explained. 'He won't mind, if I give you one too...' she said brushing her taut nipple against his face.
The young lad couldn't believe his luck. The touch of her nipple broke his dam of restraint. He opened his lips and began licking and suckling her, gently at first, then more aggressively. He suddenly halted to see their reaction. Aditi had her eyes shut, with a smile playing on her lips. Her man too sat unperturbed, coolly watching as he suckled his pretty woman right in front of his eyes. Emboldened, the waiter placed his hand on her other breast and began squeezing and fondling her.
Through half shut eyes Aditi noticed the restaurant's manager and rest of the waiters watch from inside the café. A few customers sitting outside were gaping at them, their mouth wide open! The photographer was leaning out of his chair and clicking away furiously, while Dev sat there watching the young waiter passionately feasting on her breast. Shutting her eyes Aditi smiled and held the waiter to her bosom enjoying the sensations.
After a while, she plucked her teat out of the lad's hungry lips and gently pushed him away. The waiter looked at her and then at Dev as Aditi began buttoning up her shirt. Aditi winked at him, 'Not a bad tip for a glass of water, isn't it? Ever got such a tip before?' Now you must go!'
'No, Ma'am!'
'You can thank, Sir and now you must go!'
Thank you, Ma'am! Thank you... Sir!' the younger waiter got up and bowed gratefully. Then hiding his erection, rushed back inside the café where he was immediately surrounded by other waiters.
'So, did that make you happy?' Aditi asked her husband.
'Yes, very! Thank You, for being so delightfully sluttish,' Dev got up holding her hand. 'Now, let's go, before other waiters and customers start queuing up to serve you chilled water!'
Giggling like mischievous teens, they rushed out of the café hand in hand. Dev stopped only when they were a safe distance away and then he burst out laughing. 'You should have seen the Manager's face! He was ordering all waiters in to the kitchen while trying to catch all the action himself.'
'The kitchen was behind me so I couldn't see their reaction,' said Aditi, 'but I did see the two other guests at the restaurant... they stood up to watch!'
'Who wouldn't? It's not often that you get to see such a pretty woman expose herself in public.'
'Stop flattering me!'
'Hey, I don't need to flatter you for anything, because you are my sex slave for today! Remember?'
Aditi smiled and punched him playfully as they strolled down the shop lined street, the big cameraman following, some distance behind. As they walked by a bus stop Dev noticed the men watch her with interest. Waiting for bus is rather boring, so a woman passing by would naturally attract attention, he reasoned. But could that alone couldn't justify the looks his wife was getting. Had she forgotten to button up her shirt? Dev stopped and looked at his wife. No the shirt was buttoned up, nice and proper. But her skirt was rather short, not indecent but still revealing quite a bit of her shapely long legs.
'Let's try public transport,' he said to his wife.
'Where do you want to go?' she asked following him to the bus stop.
Since there was no space to sit on the bench at the bus stop Dev perched his ass on a steel railing. Aditi stood facing her husband. Dev looked at his wife critically. She was tall & quite fair by Indian standards. She had an athletic build but her bosom was particularly well endowed. It wasn't her lush cascading hair or big hypnotic eyes that cast spell on men. It was her impish sparkling smile that made her irresistible. He smiled to himself smug in the knowledge that this pretty woman was his for keeps.
'Where are we going?' the pretty woman repeated.
'We are taking a bus to Airport, from here,' said Dev looking at an approaching bus.
'Skirt isn't the ideal dress to be wearing when travelling in a bus.'
'Why not?'
'Coz, buses are crowded and there are creeps who grope in the crowd.'
'Well, what if that's the idea?' winked Dev.
'Ugh! I didn't know my husband was a creep!' Aditi looked at him in mock disgust.
A bus approached and Aditi looked at Dev who shook his head indicating that this wasn't the one. The bus went by without halting, but the accompanying gust caught her skirt. Her hands instinctively went down to smoothen her skirt, but not before the waiting commuters got a brief but delightful glimpse of the upper reaches of her shapely legs.
Aditi glared at the offending bus, 'Stupid, fellow!'
'You looked prettier than Marlyn Monroe there... I hope our lensman got that!'
Aditi looked around but couldn't see the photographer anywhere. 'Where's he? Did he get left behind?'
'A good professional, knows how to blend in and shoot without being noticed.' Dev quipped.
Aditi looked around, again. This time she scrutinized each waiting passenger carefully. She couldn't possibly miss this wide shouldered hunk amongst the crowd. Nope, he certainly wasn't at this bus-stand. She then started looking around. Sitting half hidden by commuters, she spotted him at the opposite bus stop right across the road. He was innocuously looking at the timetable displayed on the board, while the camera rested on his lap. But the lens of his camera was pointing directly at her!
'Yeah! He's good!' she grudgingly admitted. 'I guess he wouldn't have missed taking a shot when the breeze lifted my skirt!'
Another bus was approaching the stop and Dev nodded his head and gestured to the photographer across. Holding her from behind Dev guided her to the bus steps but Aditi not accustomed to the rush hesitated. Dev then jostled with the crowd and boarded and reached out his hand towards her but Aditi found herself being swept aside as a wave of commuters tried desperately to get in. Suddenly someone held her from behind and lifted her on to the bus. As Dev took her hand and pulled her in, she looked behind and saw that it was none other than their cameraman who had lifted her and pushed her through. The bus started to move and Aditi saw the photographer run alongside the bus and then hop on board.
The bus was jam packed and it was difficult to move an inch without shoving. Dev helped her towards the rear of the bus. People were pressing from all sides and Aditi had to used her hands as a buffer between the crowd and her breasts. As the bus began to move Aditi lifted her hands to hold the overhead rails but she couldn't find her balance. Luckily she bumped in to no one else but her husband.
'I have fond memories of one such crowded bus ride,' whispered Dev pressing against her breasts.
'Why? Did you get lucky and got a chance to grope some girl in the crowd?'
'No, on the contrary a gutsy girl deliberately pressed her breasts in to me. I was in college then and those days I couldn't afford to date a girl. So you can imagine the effect this sexy girl had on me when she deliberately kept bumping in to me each time the bus braked.'
'How do you know it was deliberate? In this crowd I have bumped in to half a dozen people too!'
'You see, she was standing behind me and the first time she bumped in to me. I thought it was accidental. So like a gentleman I moved away to give her space. But when she again bumped in to me I didn't move. The bus got less crowded but every time the bus braked, she would bump in to me. I used to be pretty sex starved back then and the feel of her soft breasts on my back was oh so heavenly. I really enjoyed the sensation. I was scared to turn and look at her in the eye, lest she got scared away. When the bus reached the final terminal, I turned sideways to get a look at her. She caught my eye then brushing herself against me one last time she smiled and walked past me...' Dev sighed!
'You are making me take this ride in a crowded bus to relive some adolescent thrill?' asked Aditi
'Actually, I was also hoping for a similar gesture from your side.'
'What? You want to feel my boobs against your back?' asked Aditi, pressing herself in to Dev.
'No, not me! A random act of kindness - to a sex starved stranger' Dev pleaded.
'Holy cow! Now, how on earth do I find a sex starved stranger?'
'That's easy', Dev suggested. 'Just look for someone not so well dressed. Someone, who looks like he can't afford expensive gifts or a girlfriend.'
Aditi looked around her in the crowded bus. All passengers seemed more or less middle class, not too well dressed nor too bedraggled. She spotted one young chap with unkempt hair standing near the exit and nudged Dev, 'You mean like that guy standing next to the exit?'
'Yeah... sort of, but I don't like his face.'
'What about the guy behind him?' she ventured.
'The one in leather jacket? No, he's too brash! How about that construction worker in blue overall?'
Aditi turned to look, 'The one with curly hair standing in the middle of the bus?'
'Yeah! Looks like he's headed for another boring shift - but may be you could brighten up his day!' Dev winked.
'And in the process, brighten up yours too!' Aditi grinned at her husband. 'Okay, let's do it...' She said and began elbowing her way through the crowd. Not finding a place next to the construction worker she waited a little bit behind.
Dev followed her but then noticed that the man sitting adjacent to where the construction worker was standing, began folding his newspaper. Taking this as a sign that this passenger was about to vacate his seat, Dev moved past his wife and was quickly in position just as the seated passenger got up. The construction worker was staring ahead and didn't realize that the seat next to him had been vacated till the exiting passenger shouldered past him. But by then Dev was already sitting in the vacated aisle seat.
Anyone else would have given Dev a dirty glance for grabbing the seat which rightly should have been his, but this construction worker seemed resigned to his fate and continued staring out of the window. Aditi maneuvered herself in to position and she was now standing right behind the construction worker, next to where Dev was seated. As the bus braked she bumped in to him gently. The worker turned and noticing a lady standing next to him in the crowded bus, moved half a step away.
The bus had barely begun to move when someone from behind rushed forward desperately shouting that he had to get off. The driver braked and Aditi moved forward to again bump in to the construction worker. This time she softly whispered 'sorry' and smiled at him. But when the bus braked again, she pressed herself fully against the guy's back. This time she did not apologize nor step away. The worker did not look behind but the way he stood frozen, betrayed the fact that he was acutely aware of her touch. Dev was delighted!
As the bus lurched and moved forward over rumbling speed breakers, Aditi felt her booties shake and rub against the construction worker. The bus reached a major junction and a lot of passengers began to disembark. Though there were empty seats available now, the construction worker remained standing at the same spot and so did Aditi.
Their photographer seized this opportunity to occupy the aisle seat on the opposite side. Keeping his black camera bag on his lap, he unzipped it a bit to let a lens peep out. Keeping his hand inside the bag, he casually surveyed all that was happening around, ready to record any action.
Aditi couldn't justify standing so close to the construction worker so she took a step back. The guy turned and looked at her for the first time. He had big bushy eyebrows but soft brown eyes and Aditi's heart melted. The fact that her husband was sitting right there, gave her confidence. She lifted her hand and began toying with her shirt button. Dev, nodded his head in encouragement.
Smiling at the construction worker, she slowly began unbuttoning her shirt. The worker looked at her in amazement as she undid the first button. He quickened his furtive glances as she undid the second button and held his breath when she did the third. As her cleavage began to show, the worker swallowed hard then stepped closer trying to peep inside her shirt.
'A random act of kindness' Aditi said to herself, and undid her fourth button. The bulge of her fulsome melons was now clearly showing.
Just then the bus braked and Aditi's left breast popped right out of her shirt. She let herself be carried with the momentum in to the worker's willing arms. Aditi swayed and clung on to his arm, as the bus moved. The worker looked at her exposed breast in disbelief and then at her. Aditi smiled at him invitingly then looked away.
She pretended to be busy looking out of the bus window as the worker summoned up his courage and touched her gently. She did not try to stop him when he slowly began exploring her flesh and then cupped her exposed breast. As he squeezed and fondled her, Aditi looked around to see if anyone was watching.
Other passengers seemed oblivious to the drama being played out except Dev who had an intense expression on his face. Their cameraman across the aisle was fiddling with a bag on his lap and adjusting what appeared to be the lens of a camcorder. A blinking light indicated that it was recording her actions. Feeling a rush of adrenalin, she turned towards the camera and leaned away from the worker so that camera could clearly capture her exposed breast and the worker's hand squeezing & fondling her breast.
Suddenly she felt a hand slide up her legs under her skirt. She looked down startled, only to find Dev grinning as his hands stroked her thighs. The construction worker too noticed Dev's hand on Aditi's thigh and glared at him. But seeing her smile at Dev and not minding his feeling up her legs, he thought she was indeed a woman lusting for sex. Making best use of the opportunity he began to fondle and squeeze both her breasts. Just then two passengers in the seat ahead got up to get down. The worker quickly pulled Aditi out of Dev's reach in to the just vacated seat. He guided her in to the window seat and took the aisle seat himself, wrapping his arm around her possessively to deny any access to Dev.
The worker didn't notice that the cameraman had also moved a seat ahead across the aisle, the camcorder bag on his lap, ready to capture action.
The bus started moving again and the construction worker nudged Aditi hopefully. Aditi obliged by turning towards him and the photographer across the aisle. Her uncovered right breast bounced enticingly as the bus went over rumbling speed breakers. She took the worker's hand and placed it on her thigh. As he began pushing her skirt up she adjusted her weight allowing it to slide all the way back. Even as he watched nonplussed, she flicked opened her shirt and brazenly cupping her firm breasts, offered them to him.
The construction worker swallowed hard not believing his luck. For a few seconds he just stared at Aditi's voluptuous figure. Then suddenly he buried his face in her chest, rubbing, licking and suckling her melons. Aditi winked at Dev as he peered over the headrest of the seat behind to watch. Noticing that the cameraman was having to lean forward to catch the action, she adjusted her position guiding the worker deftly, so that the camera had a clear unobstructed view of the construction worker feasting on her breasts.
The cameraman gave her a discreet thumbs-up and went back to lapping up all the action in his camera. Aditi glanced around to see if someone else was watching. But everyone seemed to be minding their own business. She let the worker suckle her melons aggressively and when he came up for air Aditi opened her legs to show him her glistening pussy. She took the worker's hand and guided his fingers in to her wet pussy.
Aditi posed for the camera thrusting out her melons and biting her lips seductively, even as the worker massaged her glistening clit. She looked at her husband who was watching her intently. Lust for her was writ large on his face. She was getting rave looks from the hunky cameraman. Aditi could also see the sheer delight on the face of construction worker sucking her now. Aditi felt a powerful tempo building inside her and she suddenly realized that her husband's idea of turning her in to a sex-slut and having wild sex in public had in fact turned her in to a Sex-diva capable of bestowing unfathomable joy on her subjects. She gasped and exploded with a shudder.
Eyes half shut she looked at the Cameraman who had undoubtedly caught everything. She then looked at the worker who had just liberated her. She had never given head to a man before. Not even her husband. But without another word she unzipped the worker and taking his erect cock in her mouth started pleasuring him like she had never done to any one before. She could feel the pressure build and build until suddenly he burst his juices inside her with a moan. and
As salty flavor filled her mouth, she swallowed his cum and continued to work on him, licking and sucking every drop of juice till his manhood went limp. Lifting her head from his lap she gave him a kiss then pushed his member back in to his trouser and zipped him up. Both Dev and the cameraman were watching her unbelievingly. Neither had thought she would do this. Forget them even she herself would never have thought of going the whole hog! After all she was a happily married wife!!
The cameraman seemed to be gesturing, tapping the side of his chin. Was there something on her chin? She lifted a hand to her chin and felt something gluey. She then realized that it was the construction worker's cum, dripping down from the side of her lips. Wiping it off with her fore-finger, she smiled at the camera and licked the salty cum off her fingers, smacking her lips. She then buttoned up her shirt, covering her melons and pulled her skirt down decently covering her legs. She looked at the construction worker lying spent by her side and smiled at him pleased with her accomplishment.
The bus finally pulled in to its last stop, the Airport. As people began to get off Aditi tapped the construction worker who still seemed dazed. Reluctantly he got up to let her pass. Aditi brushed her lips against his and whispered, 'Thank You!' Then without looking back, she walked out of the bus. The worker stood there looking at her in disbelief, then slowly walked up to the exit and turned towards his construction site.
'So, how did I do?' asked Aditi as Dev and the cameraman caught up with her at the Airport café.
'Mind Blowing! You were simply mind blowing!' said the cameraman enthusiastically.
Dev glared at him and the cameraman realizing that he had spoken out of turn quickly apologized. 'Sorry, It's just that I have never shot anything so bold, live and impromptu like this before. Your wife. . . She was, I mean is . . . simply amazing!'
'Thanks! Coming from a professional cameraman, I think that's flattering, but what does my hubby think?'
'Unbelievable! I think you acted like a real slut there!'
'I'm sorry; I guess I got carried away. . .'
'No, no, no! You don't need apologize. Your mandate was to give happiness to a random stranger and you fulfilled that mandate beautifully! In fact, I have never seen you act like a slut so convincingly before.' Dev wrapped an arm around her possessively.
'Thanks!' Aditi grinned. 'So, I passed?'
'With flying colours!' beamed Dev and Aditi jumped with joy and hugged her husband.