It was Saturday night and Susie looked sensational, as usual. She was wearing a very thin, see-thru top with a wonderfully short skirt. She loved to wear skirts that were so short that when she walked it would flip up in the back to reveal a bit of her ass and panties to everyone who looked.
I loved her short skirts because when my hands would brush her crotch when we were walking, it would move the skirt hem a little and I'd be feel her panties. If I put my hand in the lap when we sat, I could easily move the skirt to be touching what I wanted to feel and if I put my arms around her, my hands could easily touch her ass.
I was an active participant in the very short skirt department, I had several of her already short skirts "tailored", meaning I had them shortened even more to put as much of Susie on "display" as I could. She wore these dangerously short skirts everywhere - to school, the mall, parties. As a result, it was common for guys (and girls) to rub, pat or grab her ass frequently - a turn on for Susie and (and me).
Of course, it wasn't just me who loved her sexy attire. Susie did as well, after all, as I have written before, she is a world-class cock-teaser.
On this night, I drove us out to one of our favorite places. During the drive as we chatted, my right hand was on her lap. Every minute or so, I would move my hand a little to raise her skirt. Susie knew what I was doing, especially when I began to use my fingers to gently rub the lips of her panty-covered pussy.
I could tell she was enjoying it, so I asked, "Pink panties tonight, huh?"
Susie's reply was, "They go with my skirt which, by the way, I hope isn't too long."
As I stuck the tip of my finger into her, I said, "It's ok, these long skirts make you look a lot older, more mature." Of course, that's the last words she wanted to hear. She preferred being called sexy and vibrant.
Susie, who was beginning to get turned-on at this point, said, "I'll show you sexy tonight, get ready." And she reached over, undid my pants and took my cock out. She seductively said, "Would you rather have a blow job from a sexy girl or just conversation with an older, mature woman?"
As she was stoking me, and I was fingering her, we arrived at our place. It was actually a parking lot for 2 busy restaurants that we liked to frequent. We loved to make-out in the parking lot here for two reasons. First, it was safe. We weren't on some secluded road away from everything where, if dangerous people found us, we would be unprotected and alone.
Secondly, it turned Susie on to have sex close to the restaurants where she could see people eating and partying. The thrill of almost getting caught was definitely an aphrodisiac for her. I always parked the car pretty close to the restaurant entrances and thru the many times we came here, I parked the car closer and closer to the restaurants to heighten her excitement.
Commonly our car would be in the first or second row from the restaurants. What can I say? She loved the thrill!
These restaurants were always busy, especially on weekends. People were constantly coming and going, walking by our car. The restaurants also had outside patio seating which were always popular and packed. More than once, we would see people that we knew eating on the patios while we played around in the car.
Often, we'd go into the restaurant bar area to have a few drinks or to flirt a little, then would come out to the car to have more fun. Tonight was no exception. I parked the car in the first row about 20 feet from one of the restaurants packed patio's.
Before we got out, I began kissing Susie a few times on her mouth. Then I unbuttoned several buttons of her top so I could kiss her boobs. I said to Susie, "Hey, you should know that your bra doesn't look very good through this thin top. You know, maybe we should go back home to get a different top."
She was rubbing my cock with a seductive, playful smile. She said, "We don't want to go all the way home. Maybe I can try going bra-less, what do you think?"
So, I took her bra off. Her top was easy to see thru. I said, "This looks better than with that bra, but are you going to be ok like this? I mean everyone can see everything."
Susie moaned, "I think it will be Ok."
As I was sucking on her boobs, I was teasing her saying, "Ready to go in? We have to remember to button your top before we go in so these beautiful, perky, round titties and your hard, seductive nipples don't fall out for everyone to see."
I continued, which Susie loved. "Susie, look at your nipples, wow, they are outstanding. So easy to see thru this fuck-me shirt you are wearing. Could you imagine if those guys on the patio could see these. Do you think they'd stare at your nipples wanting to see more or would they be gentlemen and look the other way?"
Susie loved when I talked to her like that. She moaned and whimpered, "I'll be careful, if I remember, but sometimes I forget. Hope I notice if my boobs fall out."
I said, "This top is so thin, Susie. You can see your nipples right thru the shirt. Maybe you should get a bra. Look at your nipples, my gosh, beautiful and sexy as Hell. They feel so wonderful, too." As I was saying that, I was rubbing and kissing her nipples. "Your boobs have always been so crazy sexy. Perfect size. Everyone always loved looking at them when you were bra-less at school. You will drive everyone crazy in this place, especially if they happen to fall out a few times." I was turning her on, she loved hearing that as I continued to squeeze and kiss her nipples.
She said, "We don't need to go home, I'll be OK. No one will notice." As I was saying this, my other hand was under her little skirt rubbing her pussy. She was starting to get even more wet.
I was getting her hotter and hotter, so I continued, "Susie, everyone will be looking at your boobs. Unless ... well ... unless they are trying to see up this crazy short skirt." I pulled her skirt up so she could see my finger going slowly in and out of her.
After a couple minutes Susie moaned and said, "You've got me so fucking hot ... can I please blow you ... before we go in? ... Please?"
I said, "Well, I'll let you kiss the head of my cock. But, you can't put it in your mouth. You can use your tongue, but remember, no sucking." Then I said, "By the way, you give better blow jobs when you get up on your knees."
She got on her knees, and I turned her to face the patio out of her window. Her boobs were out of her unbuttoned shirt. We looked over to the packed patio and noticed two of the guys staring at her. Then they waved to Susie.
Meanwhile, I had my hand rubbing her pussy from behind, but they couldn't see that. But, because she was on her knees, they could definitely see her tits. She was excited. She said, "Wait ... are those guys waving at me? Um, do you think they can see my boobs?"
I slid my finger further into her pussy and asked, "Are your tits out of your fuck-me, see thru slut-shirt?"
Susie said, "Aaaaa ... yes ... they are. Don't stop, that feels sooooo good."
I said, "Well, don't be anti-social, wave back to your fans and I'll keep fingering you." I kept fingering her. Susie was moaning as she waved back, her boobs bouncing.
Susie couldn't take it anymore, she turned around, still on her knees and took my cock out of my shorts. She kissed and licked the head of my cock. I flipped her short skirt up over her ass, exposing those pink panties. Being on her knees, with her face in my lap, her ass was as high as the window. I glanced over to the patio and saw to guys staring at Susie's cute ass.
I said to Susie, "Hey, we better stop. I see those two guys on the patio starring at your ass. They have their phones taking pictures."
Susie said, "Finger me ... for them. Come on, finger me so they can see. Make me cum while they are watching me."
I had my hand all over her ass. I was rubbing her pussy, occasionally sliding my fingers under her panties into her pussy. After a couple to really hot minutes, I said, "OK, Ms. Sweet-Ass, let's go inside now. Any more of this and those guys are going to come out here to fuck you."
She was obviously into it and whimpered, "Call them over for me. Or at least take my panties off, OK? I want to give them to those guys."
I said, "You have to keep your panties on, at least for a little bit. I'm sure those guys will be happy to help you take them off in the bar."
Susie reluctantly sat up and said, "They better! You certainly aren't any fun!"
I buttoned the lowest 3 buttons of her shirt, which still left her top wide open, revealing her nipples. Her shirt was so thin and transparent, it really didn't matter much anyway. I could tell by the way Susie was looking that she was close to another orgasm. We slowly got out of the car and walked toward the restaurant, her boobs bouncing in and out of her shirt all the way to the door.
I teased Susie, "This patio looks busy. Good thing your boobs don't pop out of your skirt at all. That could give those guys in there the wrong impression - like you don't care if they can see everything."
Susie turned around and flipped her skirt up, showing her beautiful ass. "What if I did this? What would that tell them." And she giggled and giggled.
We walked into the restaurant and out to the patio and sat at the bar. The bartender immediately came over. He was obviously attracted to Susie's see-thru top and beautiful boobs and nipples. Susie began talking to him. I put my hand on her lap, which of course caused her skirt to inch up. When I took my hand off her lap, her skirt stayed where it was so her pink panty-covered pussy was exposed.
Susie pretended not to notice. I knew Susie would just leave her skirt where it was. The people around us had a splendid view. And, it wasn't just her panties that were on-display. Her top was open as well, having left the buttons from just below her boobs to the top unbuttoned. I could easily see her nipples sitting next to her. To my enjoyment, and Susie's as well, so could everyone else. Susie just sat there talking with the bartender, drinking her vodka tonic. She finished it pretty quickly and the bartender asked if she wanted a shot.
Susie, of course, said yes and the bartender poured her a double. We were having fun talking with the guys around the bar, they were all flirting with Susie. They were complimenting her outfit and her body. Susie took it all in, she loves attention.
One of the guys said, "Man, I love that top, it looks very ... um ... nice on you. You know, it's kind of see-thru."
Susie said, "You are just teasing me, it's not see-thru. But, glad you like it."
He said, "Looks like you have something on it, let me help you." And he took a napkin and brushed her shirt above her nipple. As he did this, it opened her shirt and her entire boob came out.
Susie said, "Sorry guys, this damn shirt." She pulled the shirt back over her nipple, but just barely over her nipple.
One of the other guys said, "Hey, I saw you in the car over there. What were you doing?"
Susie gave a good answer, she said, "I dropped my earring and I was looking for it. Why?"
The guys answered, "But, first, you were facing us and waving. You probably didn't notice, but your shirt sort of came open and your boobs were out. You were driving us crazy. Then you turned around and it looked like you were going down on him."
Susie smiled, laughed and said, "What? My boobs didn't come out, you're teasing me, again. And are you saying I was blowing him? ... in the parking lot? ... where you guys could see?"
He said, "Hell yes and when he flipped you skirt up over your ass, WOW, what a sight!"
Susie naïvely said, "What do you mean, flipped my skirt over my ass? I don't know what you are talking about. I was just looking for my earring."
The guy didn't really know if Susie was telling the truth, so he said, "He had his hands all over your ass and inside your ... well ... your panties."
Susie said, "You are full of it, you never saw my panties."
The guy handed Susie his phone and told her to look at the pictures. She took the phone and began looking. The first pick was Susie getting on her knees, not much to see there, except that her boobs were falling out. However, the rest got more interesting. Susie said, "See, just like I said, nothing, well... except my boobs were almost out."
The guy teased Susie, "Almost? Almost out? Look you can see your nipples plain as day."
That's what my turned-on girlfriend loved to hear, but she acted a little shy. She said, "Man, I had no idea, I wish someone would have told me."
She returned to the phone. But first she wiggled in her chair, which made her tiny skirt rise a little more. The guys could see a little more of her panties. It was sexy as hell.
In the next four pics, Susie had turned around so you couldn't see her face. All you could see was her beautiful ass "window-high" in the car. In the first one, my hand was up her skirt on her ass. Susie said, "WOW, again, I had no idea. He's such a pervert. The next pic had her skirt flipped up showing her ass. The next two my hand was inside her panties. They couldn't actually see where my fingers were, but they certainly knew I was fingering her.
Of course, the whole time the 5 guys standing around us were looking at the pictures and at Susie's panties because her skirt was still pushed up. They were also gawking at her nipples which were easy to see because her shirt was unbuttoned. I could tell that Susie was really getting turned on. She certainly took her time looking at the pictures.
Another of the guys said, "Look at this pic, we thought he was fingering you. Your ass, which by the way, is spectacular, was moving like you were humping his hand. We figured you were giving him a great blow job, too." The guy could tell that Susie was getting hot, so he continued.
"By the way, you have sexy lips. I bet a blow job from you is something else." He took his finger and outlined her lips. Then he slowly and seductively moved his finger into and out of her mouth. His other hand was on Susie's thigh, which he moved up until he was touching her panties, slowly rubbing her pussy. Susie was moaning. He said, "Just thinking about that idea almost makes me cum."
Susie mumbled, "Hey ... your fingers are touching my panties and rubbing my pussy. You are a terrible, terrible boy. That is so fucking bad. But, I guess it's ok unless your fingers slide under my panties, you better not finger me."
Susie reached over at put her hand on his cock. She squeezed and rubbed it, of course over his shorts. She said, "So ... Oh boy, you are already hard. Man, I can feel it. Its throbbing."
I said, "OK guys, let's break it up a little. Let's cool off and play some pool before we get into trouble." Susie slowly and reluctantly stood up and began to move toward the pool table.
The guy grabbed Susie by the waist and said, 'First, have a seat, let's talk about a wager." He pulled Susie over to sit on his lap.
Susie smiled and said, "Oh my ... what am I sitting on?" And she giggled to make her boobs bounce a little. She moved her ass forward and back to rub on his cock.
The guy, moved one of his hands under Susie's little skirt and said, "If I win, I get to show you what you're sitting on." Susie opened her legs a little more which gave all the guys an even better view. We couldn't see his hand because it was under her skirt, but I knew he was rubbing her pussy. He said, "Oh my, Ms. See-My-Boobs is a little wet."
Susie moaned and said, "Ok, but if I win ... I get to blow you."
I interrupted, took her hand and said, "Come on Susie, get up." She rubbed her ass on his crotch, moaning all the while with her head tilted back and her eyes closed. Then as she stood up, she used her other hand to lift the back of her skirt to her waist.
She very seductively said, "Do these panties make my ass look fat?"
I pulled her over to pool table and started racking the balls. The bartender came over and game her another shot. Susie said, "What do I owe you?"
The bartender said, "Undo one more button and we are even."
She teased, "Ok, but you have to undo it."
The bartender got close and put his hands oh Susie's tits, then moved them to her button. Her nipples were hard, and she put one of her hands on his cock. She said, "Thanks, I've wanted to feel this since I first saw you."
One of the guys buddies hopped up and said, "I'm up first!" He racked the balls, looked at Susie and said, "You break."
She looked around and said, "Guys, be nice. I don't want to see any of you trying to look up my little skirt or down my top when I'm taking a shot. I wouldn't have worn this stupidly short skirt if I knew I'd be doing this."
Susie bent over a little to take her shot. One of her boobs was out of her shirt and her skirt hiked up an inch or so above her ass cheeks. My girlfriend was putting on quite a show. Her opponent gave her a shot of vodka and simply said, "Take your time, sweet cheeks." She certainly took her time but missed the shot.
He sank 3 balls, then missed, of course on purpose. He left Susie an easy 1-foot shot.
Susie was pretty buzzed at this point and she simply looked sensationally sexy. Her opponent said, "Hey, if you miss this easy shot I get a kiss, ok?"
Susie nodded and again bent over to get ready to shoot. Another guy came over to Susie's side and told Susie to take her time. As he said this, he placed his hand on her ass cheeks. He said, "Don't worry, my hand will keep you covered back here."
Susie moaned, swayed her ass a little and mumbled, "Oh, thank you, I was really worried they could see more and more." She was obviously getting excited. The guy continued to lightly massage her ass as Susie steadied her aim. It was a very difficult thing to do with the guys hand all over my girlfriend's ass.
As she went to take her shot, the guy put a finder inside the waist band of her panties and snapped them. That, of course, made Susie miss the shot. She whirled around, smiling and said, "You pervert, I thought you were trying cover me up! But, you put your finger inside of my panties." As she was saying this, her right boob was completely out of her shirt.
The guy that she bet came over and said, "You lost, so I get my kisses, right?"
I had a feeling that something was going to happen. But it was such a turn-on seeing my girlfriend getting exposed and groped by this group of guys, I wasn't about to stop it.
The guy said, "Ready for the kiss? Close your eyes." She did, and he surprisingly dropped to his knees. He lifted the front of Susie's skirt and began licking her pussy. He stopped for a second, looked up and said, "I'm just looking and licking, haven't kissed you yet." Susie was in the middle of a circle of guys, so the rest of the folks on the patio couldn't really see what was going on.
Susie had her hands on the guy's head, but she wasn't pushing him away, instead she was pulling his face into her pussy. She was slowly grinding her pussy onto his face. Her eyes were semi-closed. Another guy moved closer and opened Susie's top. He began sucking her boobs. Susie reached down and stroked his cock.
The guy licking her pussy began slowly lowering her panties, I could see them slowly and seductively coming down. He knew time was getting short, so he began to finger her while still kissing her pussy. I knew that I had to get her out of there, unfortunately.
I moved in and said, "Hey, sorry, we have to go, getting a little too carried away."
Susie moaned, "Give me... Ahhh ... just a minute, Ok? He's taking my panties ... off. He's really bad." The guy obviously loved Susie's panties, his tongue and his hands were all over them, inside and out.
The guy continued to lower her panties and kept fingering and kissing her pussy. Susie was near orgasm and was mumbling, "Hey, come out to the car, Ok? Please. I want to put your dick in my mouth."
Other guys were groping Susie as well. She loved it. He skirt was up to her waist; her shirt was wide open with guys feeling her beautiful boobs. Sure enough, one guy had his dick out and Susie had her hand all over it, jerking it like crazy. Two guys were filming my sensational girlfriend in her glory.
I had to stop this.
I said, "Hey we have to get out of here - Susie, let's go."
She reluctantly slowed down and said, "Hey, he's been so nice to me - can he at least have my panties? And, I need to kiss this cute guy who put his big dick in my hand."
I said, "Well, ..."
But, before I could say anything else, the guy had her panties all the way down and Susie was stepping out of them. Susie took her panties and gently rubbed them over his face which made the guys (and Susie) go crazy.
Then Susie looked to the guy who had his dick in her hand. She smiled and bent down, licked the head of his dick and put it in her mouth. This made her bend over slightly.
Immediately, an opportunistic guy took his dick out and put it into Susie's pussy from behind. Susie loved it, she was moaning and twerking on the guys dick while she was blowing the other guy.
Obviously, this was way out of hand. I grabbed her hand and pulled her away. As we were leaving Susie turned and blew kisses at all the guys. Then we heard another guy with a familiar voice say, "My, my, Susie, that was some show!"
We turned toward the voice and saw it was Mr. Shaw, a teacher from our old high school. Mr. Shaw was a young 30-something year old teacher who always liked to tease the girls when we were at his school. He had a play-boy image that the girls loved.
Susie walked over to him and said, "I didn't know you were here, we were just having fun, Mr. Shaw!"
He said, "Well, I'm going to walk you to your car to make sure you get there safely."
When we got out into the parking lot, we turned to Susie and said, "Your pretty blouse is unbuttoned too much, you should button it."
Susie replied, "Can you please do it for me, I'm too much of a klutz."
Teasing Susie, he said, "Ok, but I don't want to rub or touch or kiss your nipples like all those guys did." Of course, he didn't mean that at all. He walked Susie over to his car and opened the door. Susie sat on the seat with her legs facing out of the door. "Let me see if I can find the right buttons." He reached down and began massaging her tits. Then he said, "Oh sorry ... I might have touched your nipples by accident." Because he was standing, his cock was face-high to Susie.
Susie said, "Tell me how my tits feel, Mr. Shaw, come on, tell me." She began rubbing his cock. "You know, I always wanted to do this at school. I was always staring at your cock in class, licking my lips. I almost always took my bra off for your class and I'd roll my skirt up real short, so you could see my panties. I hoped you could see my pussy thru my panties."
She unzipped his pants and slowly took out his cock. "Twice I snuck back into your room after class and put my panties in your desk drawer." Susie took her panties that she had not put back on and wrapped them around his cock. "How does this feel?" She licked the head of his cock, kissed it a few times, then stuck the tip in her mouth.
His cock was ragging hard. "It feels great, keep stroking me. I knew what you were doing, you were the hottest piece of ass in the school" he said. "I would take pics of you with my phone when the class was reading an assignment. Your legs were wide open for me. When you would stand up, your skirt would stay up a lot and you'd leave it there showing everything but acting like you didn't know. I knew you were showing off. I'd keep notes on what color panties you were wearing every day. Some of us male teachers would talk about you when we were alone in the lounge."
Susie was jacking him off and sucking on his cock at the same time. It was quite a show. She wanted to hear more. "I'd wear bright panties, like white and yellow a lot so you and the other guys could see them easily. So, what would you guys say about me?"
He said, "How much of a turn-on and a tease you were. We knew you loved being a sexy little tease. How outstanding your ass was, your perky tits."
She teasingly said, "Oh yah? Did you like it, Mr. Shaw? Did you ever fantasize about me blowing you with my sexy, cute panties wrapped around your shaft like this?" She was licking the head of her cock. Then she lifted her skirt to show her pussy. "Did you want to fuck me? Come on, would you want to stick it in me, now?"
Before it could go any further- I stepped in. "Come on, I mean it, we gotta go before we get into trouble."
Shaw said, "Why doesn't this hot piece of ass ride home with me." And, with that he got down on his knees, put Susie's legs over his shoulders and started licking her pussy.
Susie was orgasming, moaning and whimpering. He mumbled, "OK with me, I want him to see more of me and I want to taste his cum."
I moved Susie's legs off his shoulders and pulled her up to a standing position. I pulled her away and walked her away toward our car. She kept mumbling, "I gave Mr. Shaw a blow job and he put his tongue in my pussy. Wait until everyone finds out!"
More to come!