This is the continuation of my original story, My Naked Adventures, Awakenings.
Reading it and part 2 first will provide the background for Part 3.
~o~
I had never been so stiff and excited as I walked out to my truck naked; after today, my dick stayed hard all night as I dreamed of the day's activities. Saturday morning came fast; I was eagerly anticipating the invitation given by Jennifer and her mother.
I drove up at 11:00 AM as requested. There was no possibility of concealing the swollen head of my dick already poking out of my short pants as I made my way to the front door. As I reached the entrance to knock, the door opened.
"Good morning, James!" A very naked Jennifer immediately noticed the bulge in my shorts and smiled.
"Good morning," I replied as I attempted to cover my hardness.
"James, I am so excited to see you again, but no clothes are allowed today." She reached over and pulled my shorts down. "Take off your t-shirt." As I reached up to remove my shirt, I felt the warm grip of her palm surrounding my dick. "Oh, James, you feel so good this morning."
She kept her grip on me as she led me into the house. As we entered the kitchen area, Ms. Bradford came into view. "Mother, I have James!"
"Good morning, James. We are so very excited to have you again!" Ms. Bradford was stunning. Her fair skin gleamed as she stood nude, proudly displaying her shaven pussy to me. I was once more amazed seeing her perfect breasts and desperately wanted to have them in my mouth. My prostrate was already in agony, being in such close quarters with two beautiful naked women, one holding my penis.
"James, mother has made you a cup of tea; it will help keep your energy level up; we have many activities planned today!"
Jennifer led me to the counter where the girls had prepared the Island top with a fresh towel. I sat on a bar stool and gulped my tea.
"May I have a refill?"
"Why yes, you can; let me get it for you." My dick was more rigid than it had ever been. The thought of shaving Jennifer, my old classmate, drove an abnormal amount of blood directly to my pulsing head, which by now was almost purple.
Jennifer jumped up on the island, relaxing and opening her legs.
"James, I am ready to have my pussy shaved, just like mother. I want it to be super smooth." She reached down, rubbing it gently, running her fingers through the dark brown hair and inserting several fingers in the moist slit as she laid her head back confidently.
"Take a seat, James; I will bring the bowl of water and shaving supplies." Ms. Bradford appeared next to me with the items. As she placed them on the bar, she rubbed her naked body against mine, reaching around and grabbing my dick with one hand and massaging her smooth mound with the other.
"Now, James, take your time shaving my daughter; I want to see you shave every hair away carefully, just like you did for me. You feel so good in my hand this morning."
Although this would be only the second time I had shaved a pussy, I was still shaking terribly. My body was feeling a slight racing sensation anticipating the event. Ms. Bradford reached and held Jennifer's leg as I started. It felt so good to have my hands on her body. I made no haste as I wanted to enjoy this as much as possible. With each razor pass sliding down her most intimate area, Jennifer's body responded with subtle movements and soft moans. Her bush was thick like her mother, so I took it slowly, rinsing and applying lather with each stroke, then inspecting the area with my hand before proceeding. Her pubis was slowly becoming bald. It was magnificent having her mound under my hands. She reached down and held her labia as I worked the razor beside them.
"James, it feels so good to have your hands on my pussy!"
It was tough to concentrate with the razor as my eyes focused on the pink interior of Jennifer being so generously offered. As I finished, Ms. Bradford handed me the body oil.
"James, you know what to do." I poured oil over her freshly shaven mound and massaged the area as Jennifer gyrated and moaned. Ms. Bradford monitored the activity with enthusiasm watching her daughter enjoy what she had yesterday. She placed her hand on my shoulder to get my attention quietly as she whispered to me, "slide your fingers inside her and keep your thumb on her clit."
I was about to explode as I entered her pussy with two fingers. She arched up and jerked violently as my thumb rubbed her clit, now stiff and profound. Foreign words escaped as her body reacted to the invasion with multiple spasms.
"Press against her anus with a finger and massage it." I took the other two fingers and slid them toward her rear hole, already covered in oil, slowly running them around the opening.
"Oh, James, harder, harder, fuck my hole, fuck my pussy." I forced my fingers inside both holes and wiggled them slightly, causing her to scream as never before. Jennifer arched up and jerked wildly as her orgasm came to life. My hand was suddenly covered with warm liquid rushing out of her as her muscles contracted continually on my fingers inside her.
Ms. Braford walked up to the far end of the Island, taking Jennifer's arms and securing them to the faucet with the handkerchiefs. Jennifer was in a daze and hardly knew what was happening. She walked back to me and whispered, "eat my daughter's pussy!"
As I plunged my tongue inside Jennifer, Ms. Bradford knelt before me, taking my hardness and forcing it down her throat as deep as possible, gurgling intently while squeezing my butt cheeks. My tongue sank deeper and deeper into Jennifer as I exploded into Ms. Bradford's throat. She took every drop, never letting my meat out of her mouth.
The ecstasy of the minute caused me to suck Jennifer's pussy forcefully. I could not get enough. She trembled and spasmed abundantly on the bar uttering strange words. Suddenly I felt her shake passionately as her body again achieved orgasm while my tongue molested her interior. I reached down and slid two fingers into her rear opening, twitching them in harmony, probing further with my tongue. She mumbled strange things as she attempted to breathe; her body was in the zone as she relaxed her anus. Sinking my fingers deeper, she lurched up again, screaming, "Oh, James, yes, my ass; oh, yes, that feels so good."
Ms. Bradford rose to witness the activity as I sucked her daughter's pussy and probed her ass with my hand. She was jealous; Jennifer had achieved a degree of ecstasy that she had only dreamed of. Finally, Jennifer's body went limp. We left her there asleep in ecstasy, tied to the faucet.
I crawled to a chair and sat; my dick was still harder than ever, standing straight out at attention.
"James, have another cup of tea." I gulped it down quickly.
"I made some sandwiches for us, have one." Ms. Bradford was the most beautiful mom I had ever seen; her body was amazing. I was in awe, watching her move about in front of me, totally naked. We enjoyed several sandwiches together; I enjoyed the break!
Mid-afternoon was fast approaching when she grabbed me and said, "James, I want to feel you inside me. Come lay down on the rug." The rug was thick and comfortable to lay on. I still could not believe how hard I remained. She took her tube of lubricant and stood over me, oiling her recently-shaven mound methodically. She gave me the tube and watched as I oiled my shaft thoroughly. Ms. Bradford positioned herself on top of me, quickly lowering herself, taking all of me as she bottomed out onto my belly.
"Oh, James, you feel so good inside me." I could feel her vaginal muscles contracting, inspecting every bit of my hardened probe inside her. She looked at me with contentment and leaned over, placing a nipple in my mouth. "Suck my nipple, James." She took turns offering each nipple carefully as her hormones started to flow faster and faster.
Sitting atop me, she began passionately rising up and down on my dick, each time a little more intense until she had achieved a ferocious pace. She was fast approaching her pinnacle; I could feel each contraction squeezing me as she pounded up and down. "James, your dick feels so good inside me; push deeper!" The rhythmic slapping noise of her naked pussy bounding down on me ignited my senses.
My second wind was fast approaching; I could feel the sperms attempting to leave their residence inside me. I hollered and shook as I deposited my hot seed deep into her cavity.
"Oh, God, James, I can feel you shooting in my pussy!" The sensation of the warm fluid being deposited inside her intensified her rhythm. Her vagina squeezed me as never before, wanting to feel every pulse. I watched her breasts bounce up and down intensely as her body violently shook in response to the warm invader.
With an inquisitive look about her, not entirely satisfied, she rose and moved over to my side, resting on her hands and knees. She looked back at me and instructed, "Put yourself into my rear, James; I want my ass fucked." Her boldness excited me as I reached around her waist, positioning my pulsing penile head at her opening and watching my seed drip out of her swollen pussy. She slowly pivoted her rear as my head made small advances into her cavity. She succeeded with one final push against me as it finally popped inside. The very instant she felt entry, she rocked back on me, forcing my hardness inside, wincing with the newly discovered pleasure. "Oh, God, that feels so good, James; hold my waist and fuck my ass; yes, more. I want my ass fucked!"
I spent quite a while exploring the intricacies of her bottom end as she soaked every ounce of pleasure being given. She finally pressed back very hard onto me as she shuddered wildly, experiencing her first rear-entry orgasm.
"James, you are the first to have my body this way; I had no idea this could feel so good."
I heard Jennifer coming around as we finished our activity, so I walked over to untie her hands. She looked at me and said, "James, I feel dirty! Our bodies need to be washed!" Ms. Bradford held my hand, and Jennifer reached out and cuddled me as they led me to a huge walk-in shower.
After standing in hot water for a minute, Jennifer handed me a washcloth and soap. Each offered their naked self to be cleaned meticulously. I spent what seemed to be an eternity on each, washing each breast and upper body completely. As I approached their bottoms, each spread their legs happily to have their pussy and ass thoroughly cleaned.
"Ms. Bradford, I feel the stubble on your mound! We can't have that now, can we?"
"No, indeed, James, I will require your services again. I am sure we will both need the soft touch of your shaving hand quite often." Both ladies took great care in washing every crevice and spot on my body.
We returned to the front room once again, completely clean and refreshed. "Another cup of tea, James?"
"Yes, please, I can't get enough today. I can't believe how long I have been hard today; this is a record for me."
Both looked at my stiff dick and smiled. "James, we were both worried that you would not be able to stay hard today, so we mixed several Viagra pills in your tea this morning and again just a few minutes ago."
"It felt like something was different; my dick has never been so hard; I like being hard all day!"
"So now that you are hard as a rock, hop up on the Island. It's our turn to shave you!" My mind was in a trance as I climbed up on the counter; I had never shaved down there, let alone let someone else shave me.
Ms. Bradford took the razor and had Jennifer lather me up.
"Jennifer, hold the stiff post aside while I shave its base."
Her hands sliding the razor on me was amazing; I now knew how they felt being shaved. As her mother carefully removed every single follicle on my pubic area, Jennifer held her grip on me, squeezing my hardness, continually soaking in every inch of it.
"Spread your legs, James." I was in exhibitionist heaven, laying spread eagle in front of two beautiful naked women while being held and shaved!
Ms. Bradford lathered up my balls, taking them one at a time, stretching them out, and shaving every inch.
"There, all clean now. Jennifer, how does he feel?" She applied some oil and stroked me softly, inspecting the newly bald testicle taking each and saturating them completely.
"Amazingly smooth." Jennifer leaned over and took one of them into her mouth, sucking it as she stroked me. Mrs. Bradford pushed her hand away and took me in her mouth, sucking profoundly while teasing the base with her tongue. I could feel my balls being massaged and suckled by Jennifer as she held my thighs apart.
Suddenly I felt a strange sensation; a slippery finger was probing my anus; I jerked as the invader found the way inside. I had just discovered feelings of ecstasy that I had not previously known as she offered another finger, twitching inside me as she sucked on my balls while her mother was busy with my penis. I lay limp on the bar surrendering my body for their pleasure. My hardness would be present for quite some time, having multiple doses of Viagra today.
Jennifer motioned me to get down and lie on the rug. She held my dick in her hand, positioning me as she liked. Ms. Bradford, now standing behind me, grabbed the chair back with both hands and lowered her core as she hovered above my face aligning her bald slit directly over my mouth, gently rubbing it on my face.
"Eat my pussy, James." My tongue darted inside her as I took her mound and sucked profusely. Her body rippled with enthusiasm as I attempted to extract the orgasm from her. The sensation of her bald pussy planted on my face was overpowering; she knew exactly what she needed.
Jennifer was getting hornier and hornier, hearing the moaning and slurping sounds of her mother's pussy being eaten. I felt her sliding her swollen pussy onto my baldness as her warm core reached its limit atop my torso. She rested her palms on my chest as she frantically pounded up and down, screaming with delight. I could feel her pussy squeezing me intently as she shouted with pleasure.
Clasping my chest tightly, she yelled with satisfaction as she released her fluid onto me. Realizing Jennifer had just reached her pinnacle caused Ms. Bradford to ripple. At the same time, I buried my tongue as deeply as possible, releasing her ecstasy as I continually sucked the tender confines of her pussy. All three of us were utterly spent on this newly discovered pleasure as we lay in total blissfulness.
An hour later, Ms. Bradford announced she had made dinner. Jennifer and I joined her for a healthy meal. My dick was still standing at attention and sore from being molested all day. Jennifer and her mother glowed with delight when Ms. Bradford walked over and took my dick in her hand, "James, we both want you to stay the night with us. We have unfinished business that needs your attention."
At that moment, we heard a knock on the front door. Jennifer bolted up to answer the knock. Moments later, she returned with three ladies following her.
"Mother, your friends are here."
I immediately recognized the thin-skin-tight blouse on one of them. She was braless and proudly displaying her hard nipples directly through it. The second lady wore the very low-cut wicked Blazer held with one button; her breasts and naked torso looked magnificent as she spun around to display her boldness. The third lady was in the sheer black dress Ms. Bradford had modeled for me; her nakedness under the fabric was stunning.
"Ladies, please take a seat."
Each sat intently, watching as Ms. Bradford held my stiff appendage leading me to the center of the room in front of them, "Ladies, this is James. He will be our entertainment tonight!"