I will never forget what it was like to make love to you for the first time. I was so careful with you, at first. I lifted you out of your chair, set you upon the tiny table, and we both trembled as you wrapped your legs around my waist, your arms around my neck.
I could not have been close enough to you, our tongues fiery in each others mouths, our breath and our hearts racing. I freed you from your dress, and although I was the one releasing you, it was as if you were my master, finally unlocking my bonds. Your skin, salty with the sweat of the humidity which surrounded us, covered in goose flesh when I touched it. I removed your bra—not without noting the Western style, something that surprised me—and bent into your chest, inhaled. You shook with anticipation, moaned when my poorly shaven jaw brushed against your nipple. I laid you back, suckled more passionately than any babe ever has, completely swallowed by rapture. You continued to quiver, to moan in the sweetest way.
It didn't take me long to trail, to pull away from your exquisite breasts and move downward. You didn't stop me. I pulled away your underwear, and dropped to my knees, more from overwhelming wonder than from necessity. I closed my eyes and breathed, inhaling your scent, so clean and spicy at the same time, soft hair brushing against my face. I bent in and kissed you gently at first, let my tongue tease your clit, let my breath tickle your skin. You writhed, begged in Arabic, begged in English, prayed for freedom from your need. I smiled and relented, began sucking upon your hood. You screamed in ecstasy, grabbed my hair, thrust me into you. Although I could barely breathe, I could not have been happier, could not have been more enthralled. You were everything I had been imagining these past weeks. I let my hands massage your breasts, hummed onto your clit, let my tongue massage the inside of you, and you sweat, and you came.
"I need you," I whispered, standing up shakily. You propped yourself up, breathless, nipples hard, face flushed, hair wild. And you asked me to take you. I ripped my shirt away, struggled out of my shorts, and you straddled me. We kissed passionately for a moment, my erection rubbing against you without penetrating, your hips grinding against me. I picked you up once more, carried you to the floor in front of my apartment's window.
"They'll see," you whispered, fear sparkling in your eyes for a moment. I sucked at your ear, and you fell back onto the hardwood, back arching. I never calmed your concern, simply lifted your legs up and readied myself. I gazed at you for a moment, waiting for some sign. You glanced up, opening your eyes as if awakening from a dream.
"Do it," you begged, and I did. Slowly, groaning from the sheer wonder, I slipped inside of you. I pushed past the tightness of you, spitting on my hand and drawing my fingers to your clit so that you'd open up more. You screamed, body raked with passion, eyes rolling back in your head as I began to move. Slowly, gently, my own eyes squeezed shut because I knew if I saw you there, quivering and begging for me to fuck you harder, I would cum.
And then you began to grind once more, to thrust yourself onto me.
"Faster," you yelled.
"Harder," you screamed.
I relented once more, pounding into you, groaning in my own excitement, surrounded by an overwhelming sense of wonder at the moment, of the beauty. I stayed this way for a few moments before asking if I could move you. You groaned and nodded, delirious, unable to respond in any other way. You had cum twice more.
I lifted you, pushed you face first into the glass of the window so that your tits were pressed hard against it, your ass facing me. You groaned, a low and powerful sound, and I was reminded of a lioness. I swallowed, pulled your ass cheeks apart, and thrust back into your beautiful hole once more. With every slap of our skin, you pushed against the pane of the window, moaning as I grabbed your wrists and restrained you, moaning as you came again. Finally, feeling my orgasm coming, I pulled out.
You looked back to me, surprise and anger clear in your face. "Don't stop," you growled. It was more of a command than a question. I smiled.
"I'm going to cum," I murmured, hand working at my dick to keep myself on the brink.
You dropped to your knees without any further prompting, pulled my cock into your mouth, and sucked. It took only seconds of your perfect lips touching me to force me over the age. I yelled, cumming hard in your mouth, shaking and having to brace myself on the window glass. You laughed, joyful, as you swallowed my jizz and wiped your mouth. And then you stood up, slow, sliding against the glass, your sweaty body squeaking against it, and even that noise was sexy.
I looked you in the eyes and you looked away. I grabbed your face and forced you to gaze at me. We spoke no words, but I felt the connection between us. I pressed my naked body against yours, pulling you up by the ass cheeks so that we were the same height. You gasped, and I quelled the sound by kissing you once more.