This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
There are daddy/daughter themes throughout this story. If that's not your thing, you may want to move on.
Note this is also a slow build. No couple paragraphs of exposition followed by pages of sex scene here. Go elsewhere on this site for that. In the end, this is probably more of a love story. One I hope you enjoy. Since this is my first-ever story, constructive feedback is most welcome! Emphasis on "constructive," of course. Here we go...
The tension was building, separately, for both of them. Chloe and Allen both had erotic feelings for each other but hadn't acknowledged them. Well, out loud, at least. Certainly not to each other. Certainly not in words. But they continued to play the games they played, flashing and peeking, and they continued to never break the spell by admitting that either one was doing so. One of the problems for Chloe, of course, was that Allen was her father. One of the problems for Allen was that Chloe was his only, precious daughter.
How it all began for Allen the voyeur
It all started in late April on Chloe's 18thbirthday. Actually the day after.
Well, that's not true. It started the day Chloe was born.
Chloe loved her Daddy so much! She was his "precious baby girl." She had him wrapped around her little finger, but she never took advantage of it (much). She was always Daddy's Little Girl. She loved her Mommy and her brother, of course, at least when he wasn't being an annoying brother. Which was often. But whatever. But Chloe loved her Daddy with her purest heart. All her years growing up, she adored him. The smell of him. His enveloping hugs. Her Daddy and she spent all kinds of time together doing everything. They were inseparable. And they developed all kinds of inside jokes and loved to be silly together. That was true when she was young, and it was still just as true as she grew into a young woman.
For his part, Allen couldn't possibly love his baby girl any more than he did. It was love at first sight the day she was born. His heart ached with how precious, sweet, and kind she was growing up. She wasn't a pushover or anything, she was just...nice. He loved how their bond was strong from the beginning and never wavered. He tried not to play favorites between Chloe and her brother Sam. He and his wife Kathy and their two kids had a great family life. Oh sure, they had the usual growing pains and trials and tribulations that came with being in any family, but they all loved each other, and generally things went well for them all. But everyone knew Chloe and he had a special bond. Kathy thought it was kind of cute. Sam didn't really think about it much at all, except that it was just another aspect to having an annoying kid sister.
And all their silly traditions and rituals seemed to stay strong over the years, even as she grew up and matured into a lovely 18-year-old girl. The pokes, the shoulder rubs while studying, the bedtime chats and ankle/leg massages, Tuesday Movie Night cuddles, shopping trips, silly sayings. Everything always loving and affectionate and innocent, even at 17 going on 18 (and now, today, 18). It was just part of their bond.
"Poke!" Chloe cried as she aimed her index finger in a stab at her Daddy's belly button. "Poke!" her Daddy stabbed back. Mommy just rolled her eyes. Neither Chloe nor Allen could remember when that one started. Years ago, when she was younger. But pretty much whenever they walked past each other, they'd poke at each other's bellies.
This time, Allen was on the way upstairs to get Chloe's presents, and Chloe was headed to the family room for the grand present-opening ceremony. Of course, it wasn't really that grand. They lived a comfortable life. Allen had a good job as did Kathy, so they never really wanted for anything. So they didn't really save up for big splurges on birthdays. She got some things she needed and thing she wanted, and more importantly she got the usual gift card for clothes shopping.
Shopping was one of the things Chloe and her Daddy did together. He liked shopping more than her Mommy did, and they loved doing it with each other. Daddy actually had pretty good taste. He wasn't just the chauffer and bank; he actually helped select outfits, and sometimes (let's face it, not every time) he'd pick things Chloe liked and ended up getting. He also had a good eye and gave useful advice on what looked good on her. One of the rules was she always tried things on for him, not just trying everything on in the dressing room herself. She liked coming out in each outfit and modeling for him. They made it one of their many games. But in the end, he always left it up to her what to get, to reinforce good decision making skills and confidence. She loved that he trusted her that way.
They went out shopping Saturday, the day after Chloe's birthday, gift card in hand. Since they were heading into summer, this time the pile of try-ons included shorts, t-shirts, rompers, short dresses, and a couple bathing suits.
Throughout trying everything on, Allen was realizing something he knew all along but hit him harder today. He guessed it was because of Chloe's birthday. His precious baby girl was growing up. And she was beautiful! When she came out in a cute summer dress with frills around the shorts sleeves, bottom hem, and collar, he noticed how long and youthful her legs were, how toned and graceful her arms were, and how the v-neck collar didn't just lie flat against her chest anymore. It was his daughter, so he didn't think too long about measurements and such, but his formerly flat-chested little girl had developed what were somewhere around B or C cups. Perfect, especially on her petite frame, just like her mother. Allen never understood some men's fascination with huge DD breasts that could knock you out cold. "When did you grow up to be such a beautiful girl?" he asked Chloe. "You always say that, Daddy!" she giggled. Which was true. But this time, he meant it more. He was inwardly proud, however, that he could notice and be happy for the world and Chloe and not feel like he was perving on his little girl.
Then she came out in a new bikini. It covered everything respectably but just so. It was a deep green, which brought out the green in Chloe's sparkling and lively eyes. And it fit her form perfectly. Her breasts (Allen made sure he thought of them as "daughter breasts" and remained analytical about them...mostly) were round and hugged by the triangles held by strings. It provided coverage but not much support, and it was easily noted Chloe's daughter breasts didn't need support, as they were perky and defied gravity all on their own. Ah, youth. The bottoms tied on each side and perfectly framed her cute bubble butt. She got too close while modeling the bikini, and he yelled "incoming!" while taking a swat at her behind. She giggled and managed to dodge out of the way just in time, his fingers only grazing her left cheek as she dove back into the changing room.
In the end, she bought a couple pairs of shorts, the frilled summer dress plus one other, the green bikini and a one-piece suit that oddly almost seemed to show off more of her than a bikini did, the way it was cut. She also got some comfy-looking sleep pants and shorts, loose and cottony. She didn't need sleep shirts, since she always wore Allen's t-shirts as sleepwear. It wasn't like she just took a couple and kept them. She was always raiding his t-shirt drawer for a new one and giving the others back.
The trouble started later that evening, after they returned home. Well, trouble might be too strong a word. Let's just call it changes in perception and intent. And it all started innocently enough, at least Allen thought so.
Allen was in the family room watching TV, in his usual spot on the left end of the sofa, remote under his control in his left hand. Sam was of course still at college, in his sophomore year. Kathy had already gone to bed. She was an early to bed, early to rise type, while Allen was more a late to bed, early to rise type. He didn't need as much sleep. Chloe was similar, so she bounded into the room (that kid's energy is infectious, Allen noted with a smile for the umpteenth time), grabbed a pillow, and plopped down lengthwise on the rest of the couch, head on a pillow on the other end, for them to watch one of the several shows they watched together. On Tuesday Movie Night, her spot was always sitting on the sofa to Allen's right, cuddling him, since time began. But other nights she chose a variety of spots, and this was one favorite. Her feet were in good position to kick Allen if he teased her too much, or sometimes she'd get a foot rub out of the deal.
They chatted away amiably as they picked a show. Once that was settled, she fluffed the pillow, turned on her side to face the TV, and settled down to watch. It was early into the show that Allen looked over at Chloe, and his heart stopped.
She was wearing one of her new pairs of sleep shorts they had just bought together, and apparently they were not only short but also quite loose. The whole left leg of the shorts kind of billowed out, and the material hung a little forward and down. The result was that Allen could see straight up her shorts to her pink panties, and most of the left side of them was on clear display. Chloe seemed completely unaware. She had to be, right? There was no reason to think the surprising view was intentional, even though she had just bought that pair specifically.
Allen stared a little too long and found himself getting unexpectedly excited. Now, Allen had always been a bit of a voyeur and, like most boys and many men, loved trying to steal peeks when blouses billowed, shorts gapped, or skirts parted. But this was the first time it had ever happened with Chloe, at least this noticeably. He was stunned. But he couldn't pull his eyes away. The panties were simple cotton, but they were a vivid and pretty pink, with cute lime green, lacy borders. He could see almost all the way up to the top green border at her thin and toned waist. But more excitingly, he could see much of the left side of the lower green border, as it cupped her left butt cheek, curved up over her hip, and traced down across her thigh, disappearing between her legs. Right above, as if framed and supported by the green, lacy edge, the pink cotton hugged her, with much of the left side visible. He could see pink-covered butt cheek. And in the front, he could see her pink-clad mons and some of where the fabric must be covering her outer labia. (Allen tried to enforce thinking of them analytically as "daughter labia," but that was ridiculous and didn't help at all.) He could imagine her pussy hair just underneath, wispy and curly (or coarse? straight?), enclosed beneath the soft cotton fabric. And then he wondered...did she even have pussy hair? He never even considered whether she shaved before. Now he wondered fervently. Not that he ever expected to find out. So, he looked more intently, trying to determine if the pink layer was lying closely against bare skin or was raised a bit and therefore lying atop a curly mound of pussy hair. He hoped it was the latter. While he enjoyed a nicely trimmed pussy, he preferred one that still had hair and wasn't completely bald. As he stared, making his study, and thinking his exciting thoughts, his cock stirred. And then it dawned on him, finally, what he was doing. He was creeping on his own daughter!
In shock at his own behavior, Allen snapped his head back to the show. He had completely lost track of what was going on, of course, but it was a simple comedy, so it's not like he missed much. Then Chloe laughed at a particularly funny bit and moved her legs slightly, drawing Allen's attention right back to the danger zone. Lovely. Pretty. Tender. His daughter! Ugh. Back to the show. Then occasional, furtive glances...just to check if things got covered up somehow, of course. He adjusted himself, as things were getting a little crowded in his own pajama shorts.
When the show ended, Chloe rolled onto her back on the sofa. But in doing so, she lifted her left knee up toward the back of the couch first. Allen watched this happen as if in slow motion, staring as her entire panty-clad crotch was briefly and enticingly exposed to him, only and arm's length away. He could literally reach out and caress it, maybe tickle it and make her giggle, maybe something more. (Stop it! He cried to himself.) Chloe then followed with her right knee, so her knees were together, and then she stretched her legs out straight. In doing so, she yelled "incoming!" and gave him a little kick and chuckled playfully.
That jarred Allen back to reality. Chloe's shorts had now fallen back into place, and she was covered, but he realized he was still staring at his daughter's crotch. Upon being kicked, he looked up to Chloe's face and into her eyes, in momentary panic. Did she see where he was looking? How long had he been looking? Could she tell how flustered he was? Could she see he was hard inside his shorts? Surely not that. She didn't react at all, from what he could tell. She just chatted about the show, and he tried to keep up with the chatter, since he had little idea what had happened in it.
Thankfully, Chloe announced she was heading off to her room to do whatever teen girls do, chatting with friends and such before going to sleep. Allen didn't think he could take another show together that night.
Chloe had had another simple but enjoyable time with her Daddy. She loved whenever they just got to spend time together, even if they were just quietly watching a show. She was all comfy in her new sleep shorts and of course one of her Daddy's t-shirts. Her cotton bra and panties underneath were soft against her skin, and her new shorts were soft as well. Her Daddy's t-shirt smelled of him, which is why she loved wearing them so much. It was like wearing a Daddy hug all night. When the show was over, she stretched out and gave her Daddy a playful, two-legged kick. He looked into her eyes a little wide-eyed, and she wondered why. Maybe she kicked him a little too hard or something, though she didn't think so. And she had to chuckle to herself how little Daddy seemed to have paid attention to the show they watched. Maybe he had work things on his mind.
Chloe announced she was heading to her room and yelled "incoming!" as she launched from her side of the couch onto her Daddy's lap in a good night hug. He wrapped his arms around her and gave what seemed like an extra-long squeeze, and she giggled. She loved Daddy's hugs. She pulled away a bit and then leaned in to grab his head in both hands, and she kissed his left cheek, right cheek, and forehead with a loud "mwah!" each time, followed by a light good night peck on the lips. Some traditions never change, and she was glad for that.
Oh god, thought Allen. When Chloe grabbed his head and did her "Daddy kisses" good night, he realized his oversized t-shirt had a neck much wider than her petite body needed. And so, especially on the forehead kiss, he had a view straight down inside the neck to her belly button. It's cute. It's an innie. But that wasn't the point! Her bra-covered breasts ("daughter brea..." ah forget it) were also fully visible. Thankfully, her bra was a pretty conservative cotton number. There was some lovely cleavage, and it was snug, so the beautiful shape of them was clear. But that's about it. But wow! How had he not noticed that before? She had worn his t-shirts to bed for as long as he could remember. Surely that was also unintentional on Chloe's part.
This was too much for one night. He didn't know what to do. He was still hard because of the long exposure to her panties and crotch...and now her bra-clad breasts. And the naughtiness of it. It was always a thrill when that happened by chance with any female, but he didn't expect (or want) the same thrill when it was his precious baby girl. But there it was.
At least it was over, and she was going to bed now.
"You'll come in to say good night later, right Daddy?"
Uh oh.
How it all began for Chloe the exhibitionist
Chloe was in her room after just kissing her Daddy good night. She was replaying the pleasant evening in her head, and she recalled in hindsight things she hadn't noticed at the time.
The first thing she wondered about was something that happened when she was giving her "Daddy kisses." She always did an "incoming!" pounce onto his lap for these hugs and kisses, ever since she was little. That way, she was sitting and facing him, with her knees on either side of him, so her hug could consist of both her arms around him and her legs giving him side squeezes. His big, warm arms would always envelop her, each arm able to reach all the way around her back, and she loved being inside the best hug in the universe. And like most of their traditions, this one was still a common thing.
But this time, it was different. When she was sitting on his lap, she felt more than just his two legs under her. Now, she might be fairly inexperienced where boys were concerned, but she knew what she was feeling. In the past, she was sure that she sometimes felt something else in his lap and knew what boys had there, and she just chalked it up to being practical about the fact that boys had such things, and so of course her Daddy did, too. No biggie. But this time there was...more of it. Much more. And it was hard.
Chloe couldn't imagine what had caused her Daddy to get turned on. The show they watched wasn't sexy at all, and he didn't even seem to have paid any attention to it, anyway.
Then she remembered other things. Like the look on his face when she play-kicked him. It wasn't a look of pain, now that she thought about it more. He was...flustered. It was more like he was caught stealing cookies from the cookie jar. And he was blushing a little. What was that all about?
She thought back further to during the show when her Daddy's head snapped to the screen, which she saw in her peripheral vision, and she had idly wondered why but didn't chalk it up to anything. She also saw from the corner of her eye him looking over at her every once in a while, but she had decided he was just paying attention to his little girl, like he usually does. Now she wondered if there was more to it.
And he got flustered again after she gave him her usual "Daddy kisses."
Was she the reason he was turned on? Could that even be possible? And if so...how did she feel about that? They'd barely missed a day together her whole life, and she didn't think this had ever happened before. What changed? Sure, she was 18 now, but she didn't look any different than she did two days ago.
The only thing different was her new, comfy sleep shorts, and they weren't sexy at all. So, that couldn't be it, could it? What about the shorts could be sexy? They were just gray, cotton shorts with an elastic waist and wide legs for ease of movement and comfort.
Wait. No way. The wide legs? She had to do some research. Step one was to move her standing mirror close to the bed, so she could be on the bed and see herself in it. Then she jumped onto the bed and lay down on her back, head on her pillow. She adjusted the mirror again, so she could perfectly see her crotch area. Nothing special going on. Then she pantomimed settling on a show to watch with her Daddy and turning on her right side to get ready to watch it.
Holy crap! The left leg of her shorts flopped forward and open, and she could see most of her panties on that side. She moved her legs around a bit, up, down, backward, forward, and while the shorts responded a bit to her movements, she could still see a lot of panty, including some of her crotch and her panty-covered pussy. Is that what her Daddy saw? And even more importantly, is that what turned him on? Had she been like that during the whole show?
She might not be correct, but it all added up. The glances over at her. The guilty look on his face at the end. Busted! She'd have to tease him about it later. They'd have a good laugh. She almost got up and went downstairs to laugh with him about it.
But she didn't. He hadn't said anything. Maybe he was embarrassed. And while they relentlessly teased each other all the time, she didn't want to cause him actual embarrassment. So, he had seen her panties...a lot of them, including her covered pussy, and it turned him on.
That wasn't all, though, right? What about him getting flustered again after the hugs and kisses? Thinking along the same lines, could he see up her shorts again? No, of course not. Her lower half was pulled away from him at that point, so she could lean over and give him her "Daddy kisses."
Lean over. In her t-shirt. Her oversized t-shirt. She moved her mirror away from the bed and tilted it so that it angled about how her Daddy would be facing during the kisses. Then she leaned over.
Holy crap again! She could see down the wide neck of her Daddy's t-shirt, and she could see everything. Good thing she was wearing a bra, she giggled to herself! She had to chuckle about this situation at this point. Is it really possible her Daddy saw both her panties and her bra tonight and had gotten turned on? It seemed so. She needed to decide how she felt about that.
She should probably be offended or something. It was probably wrong for a Daddy to get turned on by his daughter. At least according to some people out there who made rules for other people who weren't harming anybody. But she thought about it carefully and for quite a while. And she just couldn't feel bad about it. She loved her Daddy so much and she always had. She knew he loved her and would never hurt her. She also knew (or thought she knew) that he and Mommy hadn't been intimate in a while. Sam had told her that, though she didn't know how he knew. They loved each other, and things overall were fine; they just weren't active sexually anymore. She didn't know why not (and didn't need to). So maybe he needed something to get turned on about.
And it seemed from his guilty looks that he didn't really want to get turned on. He just did. That made her feel sexy a little bit, and that was a nice feeling. To be able to turn on any boy, especially someone she cared about as much as her Daddy, was pretty empowering. So, if this new situation made her feel more loved and a bit sexy, what was wrong?
Of course, maybe she was completely misinterpreting everything. More research was needed. But how?
The answer was obvious. He was going to come say goodnight, probably soon. What to do? She thought carefully again and made a plan. Nothing extreme. Just some...controlled experiments. Then she prepared.
...
Allen was heading up to bed. He had tried to watch another show and couldn't concentrate at all. At least he had stayed downstairs long enough for his erection to subside. It had left a little wet spot from pre-cum, which he went into the bathroom and dried off as best he could. Because he now had to face Chloe again. He hoped he could get in and out quickly. Sometimes that happened. But usually he would sit on the side of the bed, and they would chat about whatever. Often, he'd give her a foot rub or massage her calves while chatting, which she always seemed to appreciate. (Or demand, if he forgot, ha.)
Allen decided on the way upstairs to just try and put aside the double wardrobe malfunctions and go say an innocent good night to his precious baby girl.
He got to her door and knocked. "Just a sec," Chloe called out. Allen heard a bit of commotion behind the door but then was called in.
Chloe was sitting up in her bed on her phone. He presumed on some social media or another. He said, "Hi, precious! I'm here to say good night. Short version? If you're tired or whatever," he added hopefully.
"No way, Jose! Get your butt over here and spend some quality good night time with your daughter," she giggled, almost nervously for some reason. Her legs were on top of her covers, as usual when a foot rub was expected, and they were currently out straight. Wardrobe-wise, everything looked in its proper place, thankfully! He did as instructed and sat near the middle edge of the bed to her right and facing her (the wall was to her left), so he'd be properly positioned for "foots and calves" if she bent her knees up while they chatted.
And they did chat. It was sometimes amazing to Allen that they could still have things to talk about, given how much time they spent together. But they were so comfortable with each other, they never seemed to run out. He loved that.
"Foots and calves?" she asked after a while and giggled a bit extra again. He was in his usual mode of being captivated by his daughter's wit and intelligence as they were talking and so said, "sure!" and kept going on their topic of conversation.
Chloe studied her Daddy's eyes as they were chatting as she slowly lifted both knees up and slightly parted them. She inched her right foot a little toward him, so he would have a clear and direct view between her legs. Her Daddy glanced down from the movement.
Allen stuttered in the middle of his sentence.
While everything had looked fine when her legs were extended, things were definitely not fine with her knees up and apart! The loose material of her shorts had inadvertently been pulled completely to the left side, fully exposing the crotch of the pink panties between her legs. Allen could see panties coming from under her butt, up across her pussy, and continuing up to her mons and a little beyond. And the panties had been pulled slightly into Chloe's pussy somehow, so he could clearly see an indent where her slit was. The material going in there also meant the material at the edges was pulled inward a bit toward center. Allen could see more skin than earlier and even hints of his baby girl's outer labia on the right. Such a vision! He saw enough to conclude she didn't have any pussy hair there. Farther up on her mons, though, he saw a few wispy hairs peeking out from under the green lacy edge. He tried not to audibly groan.
All of this registered in a matter of seconds, though it felt like he stared for full minutes. He also realized he had stopped speaking in the middle of a sentence. He frantically tried to remember what he was saying and pick up where he left off. Maybe he was quick enough with his glance and with his recovery that Chloe didn't notice. She didn't seem to indicate anything seemed amiss. She just kept on chatting, thankfully oblivious to his view and his reaction to it.
"He noticed!" cooed Chloe to herself with pleasure. Though she guessed it would be hard not to. She had tested a few positions in her mirror and settled on this one. She knew he could see quite a bit, but from her position and angle she also couldn't really see that she was on display. That would let her Daddy assume she didn't know what was going on. She had thought for a bit before pushing the panties into her pussy. That seemed pretty naughty for a first research project. In the end, she decided to push them in just a little. It felt good when she did, so she quickly pulled her hand away. That wasn't the purpose of this particular experiment, thank you very much! Then she went further and pulled a couple stray hairs into view, which actually made her giggle in anticipation. She was so nervous to lift up her legs, but once she did, she was so happy! Her Daddy's reaction was so cute!! He stammered and stared right down between her legs, and his blush was adorable. He then quickly looked back up and seemed to try to avert his eyes and continue their conversation. She didn't let on she knew what he was seeing. And apparently enjoying! She could see his boner growing in his sleep shorts, which were also a comfy, loose variety. "Success!" she giggled to herself. As in successful research project. She concluded that she was indeed the source of his erection earlier, and she believed it was for all the reasons she thought. Go, Daddy! She was happy she could make him feel good.
"Shit!" Allen thought. "I'm getting hard!" He quickly moved into "foots and calves" mode so that he could move his hands and arms, and he used is left elbow and arm to block his growing hard-on from his daughter's view. Ugh, if she knew he was getting hard because of her, she'd be mortified!
"Heehee! Tricky Daddy is covering up his boner," thought Chloe. He was doing an OK job of it. She couldn't see the bulge in his shorts except for sometimes, but she knew it was there. She found herself growing prouder that it was because of her.
Allan also resigned himself (didn't take much!) to the fact that his baby girl's pussy was nearly on display right in front of him, thankfully panty-clad. He tried to tell himself it's just like a bathing suit, so it's no big deal. But it was a big deal! He found he could actually use his foot rubs and calf rubs to direct his glances at her "feet" and "legs," or at least kind of in that direction, like he was intent on his massaging, while he was really looking almost directly at his precious daughter's pink panties and examining how they framed and shaped themselves on her pretty pussy...or what he now assumed was a pretty pussy (as he tried weakly and failed to avoid wondering just how pretty).
Allen found himself absent mindedly massaging Chloe higher on her calves than usual and even up over her knees and onto her thighs. "That feels good Daddy!" she cooed approvingly. All the while, they were still chatting as amiably as they always had ever since Chloe could talk. Allen got more intentional in his massaging of her thighs. Using both hands on each side of her right thigh, he kneaded her from her knee up her thigh, fingers pointing up perpendicular to her leg, his palms and fingers applying pressure along the way. He went just halfway then turned both hands 90 degrees to point his fingers along her thigh and lightly stroked back toward her knee. He kept up this circular motion to her obvious enjoyment, as she just hummed "mm-hmmm" and nodded in their universal signal he was doing something right.
That really did feel good, thought Chloe, and it wasn't just the massage, which her Daddy was always good at. His large, warm Daddy hands could envelop whatever was the target of their attention, and he always seemed to apply just the right amount of pressure with the perfect technique. But her heightened awareness of the situation, her experiment in intentional exposure, and his obvious arousal from his view of her excited her in a way she hadn't expected. She tried to be analytical. She had tried to excite her Daddy and succeeded, and she loved that she could do that for him, even if she didn't plan to let him know she knew. But she thought that would be it. However, she realized her Daddy wasn't the only one getting excited. But she wasn't seeing anything unusual. From her viewpoint, they were mostly having a typical good night chat session. His was the taboo view. Was it simply her exposing herself that was exciting her? It seemed so. And now Daddy's loving hands were massaging her right thigh, and every stroke up her thigh sent a little combination of warmth and electricity right to her pussy. What was that about? That was unexpected though not at all unpleasant! Some of his strokes were reaching farther up her thigh before reversing course. It felt wonderful! Then one time, his hands went so far up that his fingers brushed right against the sensitive area where her thigh met her groin. As he rotated his hands to reverse course, his fingers stroked from top to bottom right inside her thigh and next to her pussy. She gasped in unexpected pleasure but tried to choke it back. Wow! That was indeed electric!
Allen stopped back up at Chloe's right knee after his hands had just caressed her inner thigh all the way up next to her pussy. He couldn't believe he just did that! He had been chatting away with Chloe and not looking at what he was doing. She made a noise in reaction (and did she shudder slightly?) that he heard as surprise, so he stopped. He thought back to what he'd just done. Intentional or not, he had just caressed his precious baby girl, his daughter, in a much more intimate area than he ever had before. Thankfully her gasp or whatever it was brought him back in focus, so he didn't keep going and mistakenly do it again. But as far as his erection was concerned, the damage had been done! He was harder than he had ever been in his life. He gulped as he realized that was not at all an exaggeration. In a bit of a daze, he moved on to her left thigh and vowed to stick to the halfway-point boundary. Chloe's panties turned slightly darker at the crease where they slipped in between her pussy lips. Allen's dazed Daddy brain refused to process any other possibility than that she was sweating a little.
OMG! Her Daddy almost caressed her pussy! He only did it that once, but Chloe was surprised at her reaction. She found herself wanting him to do it again. The feeling was intense, and she thought she felt herself getting wet. Yikes! She hoped her Daddy didn't notice. He'd moved on to her left thigh and wasn't reaching as far up that one. Maybe it was harder to reach, since that thigh was farther away. That was likely a good thing, since this experiment had already taught her a couple unexpected things. Which was probably enough for one experiment! Then she remembered; there was one more phase she had prepared for. She was already pretty sure of the outcome, but since she had prepared, she intended to follow through.
At a natural lull in the conversation, Allen decided it was finally time to stop for the night. He hadn't really been in Chloe's room that long, but it was an overly eventful visit unlike any in the past. He had to think about what that meant to him. To them. So, he stopped his "foots and calves," which had turned into "foots and calves and thighs and nearly pussy" and patted her knees affectionately in the usual signal he was about to say his final good night and head out. "Well, good night, my precious girl! I'll see you tomorrow." "Not if I see you first!" she quipped with a giggle, providing the traditional response.
As he leaned in to give his usual good night peck on the cheek, Chloe stopped him with a gentle hand on his chest. Then she got on her knees and wordlessly grabbed his head in her hands. The look in the deep, green pools that were her eyes was unusually intense for some reason. It seemed he was getting "Daddy kisses" again tonight. Thankfully she hadn't pounced on his lap as well, or she'd have met with something quite large, hard, and unavoidable! Allen thought back to the earlier iteration and wondered if he'd see down her (his!) t-shirt again and spy her cute cotton bra. She leaned in with the usual loud "mwah" on each cheek and his forehead before the final peck on his lips. Was she moving more slowly than usual, Allen wondered, or had time just slowed down for him? Happily, he could indeed see down her shirt to (and beyond) her bra.
But it was a different bra.
Chloe took her time kissing her Daddy's cheeks and even more time kissing his forehead. She couldn't take too long, though, or her Daddy might notice. She knew he could see down her shirt but willed the neck of her Daddy t-shirt more open. She had selected a new bra especially for her experiment. She knew the forehead kiss provided his best view, so she held it an extra few seconds, her fingers holding her loving Daddy's head in place, so he could see her selection, which was just for him.
This was not the safe, cotton bra. It was mostly delicate lace and was much thinner, a beautiful light green color that made Allen think of the lace edging to her pink panties, the green bikini, and Chloe's gorgeous eyes. It was also smaller. It fit her fine; there was just much less of it, though it seemed to support her as well or better than the cotton bra. Of course, he remembered from the bikini that she didn't need any help keeping her breasts up and perky. He could clearly see all the cleavage between her breasts, and he could see the curve from the inside of each breast, as they reached around into the cups on each underside. Was her chest heaving a little? He could also see the adorable freckles that lightly spread across the top of each breast and splayed down between them, going deeper than he knew from any previous view. They matched the cute freckles that peppered the bridge of her perfect nose. (Allen took a second to wonder why she had changed bras. Was this the one she usually slept in? That had to be it, though it seemed the cotton one would be more comfortable. Of course, he was probably not the best judge of comfortable bra sleep choices, nor any sleep clothing choices for that matter, since he never wore anything.)
But there was more. He had never wondered before today about the color or size of his daughter's areolas and nipples. Now he thought he knew. The material over his baby girl's entrancing breasts was slightly sheer, enough that he thought he could see the tips of each breast. Her areolas were perfectly sized, of course, about a quarter in diameter, and her nipples seemed to stick out slightly, the size of pencil erasers, just begging to be nibbled and sucked... Ah! He put that thought aside. The enchanting sight also informed him that they were an alluring, deep brown color, attractively contrasting with her lighter skin. He loved and was proud that his daughter's breasts were so perfect. Maybe he was biased, but her breasts themselves were objectively a flawless size, shape, and color and were tipped by areolas and nipples that were the most sexy size, shape and color. He took a mental picture in the seconds he had this view, as Chloe's lips lingered on his forehead, since he may never have such a view of perfection again.
Chloe knew Daddy could see her sexy bra. It was the sexiest one she owned, bought on a whim and a dare while shopping with her girlfriends one time, as they all selected sexy bras for each other. She had never worn it before, waiting for the right time. This was the right time, of course. Who else to share it with than the person she loved more than anyone else on the entire planet? She hoped he liked it. Based on his barely noticeable gasp (she was paying very close attention to any hint of reaction), she presumed that he liked it very much. Indeed, while in this position, she was also able to glance into her Daddy's lap. He was no longer blocking her view, and she could tell under his shorts how long and hard he must be. Even more obvious was the huge wet stain on his shorts! She knew he didn't come; she would have noticed. So, that must all be due to pre-cum oozing from the tip of his penis. And oozing all because of her! It's exactly the excitement and pleasure she had hoped she could provide for him, so once again, it was clear her experiment was a success. As she was looking at the shape of his hard cock and the stain she helped created, she took a moment to wonder what his penis really looked like...and tasted like. No!! Just looked like. She had obviously never seen it before nor frankly ever wondered about it. But now...with a slight shudder she felt her pussy gush a bit more. Wait, what? Did that just happen because she was thinking about seeing her Daddy's penis? Or was it just a continuation of the excitement she already discovered she achieved from exposing herself to her Daddy? She'd have to think carefully about that later. It was time to conclude tonight's research. She was nervous she had pushed this experiment a little too far already, but it all just felt so right.
After the cheeks and forehead kisses, Allen knew, came the peck on the lips that always rounded out the set of "Daddy kisses." Chloe still caressed his head between her petite and delicate hands, and she guided her lips to his. She pulled him in for the peck. While their lips were touching, she seemed to pull a little more, a little longer, and press her lips a little more firmly than usual before releasing him so he could breathe again. Was that just his imagination, in his excited state, more of time slowing just for him? He wasn't sure. What he was very sure of is that the taste of his daughter in that kiss was as exhilarating as anything else he had experienced with her this entire surprising day. Her lips were also softer than he ever remembered, and he yearned to reach out and pull her in for another kiss, but he knew that was impossible. He had succeeded in hiding his reaction to his illicit views of his daughter and didn't want to give his baby girl any reason to think differently about him. It was time to make his escape and process all of this day's events and their implications.
Chloe thought her Daddy was cute as he made his way out of the room, how he awkwardly twisted and angled himself trying to hide is erection and the stain on his shorts. She was glad she didn't let on that she knew he could see her panties and bra, and she was happy he never noticed her arousal at the evening's events. As soon as the door closed, she jumped out of bed and did a little dance of joy. Her experiments were such a success! There were now a few things she needed to do, and she knew they would occur in a specific order.
First things first! She removed her pink panties, which were now much wetter than she ever realized they would be. She gave them a little lick (she had always loved her own taste) before tossing them in the hamper. Then she plopped back down on her bed, on her back, with her legs splayed. She attacked her pussy and clit with a rare ferocity. She was no stranger to playing with herself, and she went at it with a vengeance! She reached orgasm very quickly on her nimble fingers, with the thought of how exciting her exposure to her Daddy was. She gasped a quiet, "Daddy!" as she came powerfully and shuddered on the bed. She tried not to think too much about his penis and what that would look like, but she couldn't ignore that curiosity, and she had to admit it added to the intensity of her climax. As she still was caressing her pussy with her fingers, she suddenly felt a rush as a second climax bubbled up and over as she writhed on the bed. That was rare and completely unexpected! None of this was an anticipated outcome of her research. She licked her fingers, enjoying her taste, and had to go back and scoop her juices a few more times, a task she very much enjoyed. She laid there a few minutes to catch her breath and enjoy the afterglow.
Step two was of course to put on clean panties to sleep in. She selected light blue cotton panties similar in style to the pink ones she drenched playing with her Daddy. In fact, the lacy border was pink instead of green.
The final step was to think over the day's events carefully. It had all started with accidental exposure to her Daddy. She was glad that part happened and that he was so lovable in his reaction, both then and later. She loved him in the deepest part of her heart and soul, and she knew he would never do anything to make this awkward nor harmful. She knew now that exposing herself to him caused him pleasure, and giving him pleasure was one of her favorite things in life. He gave so much back to her. So, she probably would continue. It would be interesting to think about ways to play the exposure game for her Daddy, so he continued not to know she was doing it on purpose for him.
Now she needed to deal with her unexpected reaction to the whole exposure thing. She clearly got excited doing it for her Daddy. Was that bad? She knew objectively it was not typical. But that didn't make it bad. She thought carefully about just that aspect, and she just couldn't come up with any guilt or bad feeling about it. It felt so good and didn't seem like it could possibly do anyone any harm, since she's the only one who even knew it was happening. So, if she continued to expose herself, and it continued to excite her, she would just have to ensure that the excitement never became obvious! She could do that; she was sure.
Then there was the one final, most unexpected realization of the evening. Her Daddy had a penis. Ha, well, of course she knew that. But she had never really thought about it, or if she did, it was in recognition that of course he had one as a man. Tonight, though, was the first time ever that she thought about it and associated excitement with it. So much had happened tonight that she wasn't even clear if the excitement came first and then she thought about what his penis looked like, or whether the thought itself created or added to her excitement. Making that distinction might take some more research, controlling for the different variables. And she discovered tonight that she liked research very, very much!
Allen got back to his room and sighed with some relief. Kathy was thankfully still sound asleep. He quickly went into the master bath to survey the damage. In the mirror, he could see the pre-cum stain was bigger than he had thought. He removed the shorts and tossed them in the hamper, along with his shirt. He was also still rock hard, harder than ever before. The whole chain of events with Chloe was so intensely hot and exciting, he couldn't help his reaction. But he couldn't let her know, obviously. He loved his daughter so powerfully that it sometimes surprised him, and he would have to deal with how best to channel that love now that she was a beautiful young woman. But she was still his daughter. He also decided right there that, much as he desperately needed to, he certainly couldn't jerk off to the memory of what he'd seen and done today. That would be a line, and he had already crossed lines tonight that he felt guilty about. So, Allen decided to sleep on it. Which he did, though sleep didn't come easily.
Maybe he'd have a better perspective on things in the morning. He hoped so!