Sia was lonely. Ever since Minabi had disappeared and her Mistress had tightened her leash on Sia with the threat on Minabi's life, Sia had felt very much alone. Of course, she did not show this to just anyone. In fact, none of her usual associates, none of her contacts even knew anything was amiss. She was good at hiding her true emotions after all, a necessity if you wanted to survive in Sith society.
Still, she was lone and she -felt- alone whenever she was in her apartment on Coruscant, whenever she was in the cockpit of her ship, without anyone to help her pass the time. Of course, in the months that had passed since the first disappearance of her beloved sister, she had been worried sick, until her Mistress had told her what actually had happened. Then she had been angry, raging mad to be exact.
Eventually, the anger had cooled and longing had taken over. The anger was still there, to this day, but it was overshadowed by the longing to feel Minabi's embrace again, to feel her touch again, smell her skin, taste her.
And sometimes, this longing got especially intense, when she felt Minabi having the same cravings, even over the distance of lightyears, through the bond between them. The emotions, the feelings fed off each other, magnifying themselves a hundred-fold and Sia would literally feel herself brimming with lust and a frustration that she could not cure this lust the way she wanted to. However, today, she would see to it that this lust was cured in some way. And maybe, Minabi would gain a bit by this, through their link as well. Even if not, Sia had a little plan.
Picking up likely subjects at a club was easy for the Sith. Adjust her appearance a little, make the tight bandages around her chest a little less full, allowing glimpses of skin and hints of her ample chest to be seen through the straps, the skirt just a tad bit shorter still, now stopping just -above- the full cheeks of her ass. No cloak that hid her features or anything at all, simply herself. Dressed like this, though still with her Lightsabers at the ready, she had entered a club in the lower parts of Coruscant. While the Sith were not especially welcome everywhere, she knew that the seedier elements of the planet did not care much for allegiance. Especially when the subject was a hot, obviously slutty babe like this. And yes, she had made herself appear slutty on purpose. In fact, she felt rather slutty, too, considering how horny she was. For the past hour or so, she had endured the torment of the cravings of both her and Minabi until she couldn't take it anymore.
Even now, or rather, especially now, feeling all the hungry stares on herself as she walked through the club, swaying her hips seductively, she felt her desire burning through her, her sex wet enough to soak the little flimsy bit of panties she was wearing, soaking it enough actually to cause a bit of her juices to run down her thighs.
Her sulfur eyes peered around the club slowly, searching for marks. She had tastes and she needed her tastes to be satisfied tonight. Of course, since Minabi was not present, she'd have to make do with what she could get here. A slight smile plays over full, pale lips as she walks through the club, towards one of the stairs at the back. The stairs would lead to a room, a room she had ordered before coming here, ordered with a little specialty attached.
On her way there though, she was the attention of all males and almost all females as well. And while she had their attention, she decided to choose her prey. Or rather, decided whom she would allow to be the predator for a while. A slight grin at the thought. She let her gaze drift, settling on a broad-shouldered human male, with short-cut, black hair, merc-type, a rifle slung over his back. She smiled to him, blowing him a kiss and raising a hand, crooking a finger before her gaze drifted on. A Zeltron was next, sensual as he was, slimmer of build, but with the characteristic gleaming eyes and handsome of course. He received the same gesture. Her gaze then fell on a tall, broad shouldered Cathar male. He was not just tall, he was huge. She licked her lips. Ohhh, she could only imagine what kind of tool he would be packing. Yesssss! He, too received the gesture and just as Sia had planned, the three did not hesitate to follow her, almost tripping over tables to get to the stairs she was now ascending. She walked up slowly, slow enough so they could all get a good look up the already short skirt, her soaking wet panties clearly visible then.
She entered the room assigned to her. The room was one of the largest, which didn't mean much. All it was, when all was said and done, was a large bed, and a small side-room with a comfortable, but small bath-unit. But she didn't need more than the bed actually. She had gambled, had chosen the roughest looking of the customers, at least roughest of those she would consider to be worthy of her attentions. She discarded her Lightsabers almost carelessly to the side as she approached the bed, though she made sure to give them a light shove with the Force, pushing them under the bed so the males would not see them.
She had gambled well. The Cathar was the first through the door behind her and he did not wait long. Since he did not see any danger from her, probably having missed the Lightsabers on the first look anyway, his eyes having been glued to the shaking ass and the jiggling tits on proud display, he rushed forward and shoved the Sith Girl onto the bed roughly. He could not see her grin as she let it happen, let herself be shoved and pushed down onto the bed, on her knees in front of the bed with her ample breasts squished on top of the mattress. The Cathar used his claws to tear up the little mini-skirt and the panties in one go, exposing her soaking wet sex fully and as the door slammed shut behind her, Sia felt his hands, rough as they were begin to explore her privates. A low moan escaped her lips, her ample booty jiggling as the free hand of the Cathar slapped her ass roughly.
The human and Zeltron walked around to the side and got onto the bed, dropping their clothes as they went and showing Sia that she had chosen well. Both had rather remarkable cocks on display and the Sith grinned wickedly for a moment before she felt one of the three take her by the hair, pulling her head up.
"Damn, what a fuckslut. Think she's in disgrace or somethin?" the human asked.
"Who cares? She obviously wants ta be fucked, so I won#t ask." the Zeltron replied and without further comment, he thrust his hips forward and pushes the tip of his cock against Sia's cheek. The Sith moaned again, softly, turning her head a bit as it was supported by the one holding her hair still, lips parting to let her tongue trail along the thick shaft of the man, while the human began to thrust his own cock against the other side of her face.
The Cathar was busy behind her and that was the way Sia had hoped things would play out. Get the biggest one first, at least she still hoped the Cathar would be bigger. He was at least two heads taller than even the human, who was already a good 6'7". Unbeknownst to all three of them, a little holocamera was filming the whole deal, the whole scene. Sia had had the owner install it and had made it very clear that she would not tolerate anyone but her getting a copy of the tape. She had arranged for a slicer to check the system, making sure her wishes were met, and they were. The owner of the club wasn't stupid enough to cross a Sith like her.
So, she was gonna get a recording of this little event, for whom? For Minabi obviously. A small smile was hidden on her features as she guided the thick cock of the Zeltron between her lips first, tongue curling around it, stroking it lightly as she pushed it deep into her mouth, down into her throat with one, slow, but secure movement. The Zeltron gasped audibly.
"What the fuck...? Gods she's good! What a pro cock-slut!" he growled and the hand on Sia's hair, the way she was still more or less held up, was used to pull her even tighter against him, thus forcing the entire length of his shaft into her mouth and throat. She gagged once, twice, drool dribbling from stretched slips down her chin, her sulfur eyes closed as her nose was buried in his hairless crotch. Her right hand came up and grasped at the base of the humans cock, beginning to stroke it skillfully, slim fingers working along the length, squeezing, stroking, rubbing gently but urgently.
The Cathar behind her meanwhile was no friend of waiting and why would he be. The bitch was obviously ready for a good fucking, seeing how damn wet she already was. The scent drove him crazy in the first place, so his pants come off in a frenzy and if Sia were to look over her shoulder, she would have been delighted. The holo-recorder captures the Cathar in all his glory though, showing a cock that was damn near monster-sized, and obviously ribbed.
Sia of course did not see that, but the Cathar was grinning, almost manically as he positioned himself behind her. His large paws rested on her naked ass for a moment, then one hand slowly reached up, claw extending to cut off the bandages holding her ample tits in place, letting them spill free. The hand then settled back on her jiggly ass, taking a firm grasp of both cheeks and pulling them apart as he guides the tip of that incredibly thick and long monster to her sopping wet cunt. Then, without warning, he suddenly thrusts his hips forward and buries the entire length in the Sith Slut in one go, using the firm grasp on her ass to steady himself and Sia, pulling her back against him.
Sia would have cried out. Her eyes flare open and she gagged on that thick cock in her throat again, tried to push back but was held in place firmly by the Zeltron. She felt like she was being split in two. The pleasure and the pain of the moment was incredible. That ribbed monster stabbed into her throbbing pussy deep, powerful and penetrated her cervix and filled her womb in one powerful thrust. Her belly was even slightly distorted from the sheer size of the thing. It caused her incredibly pleasure, enough to send her over the edge of orgasm for the first time, mingling the intense pleasure with a sharp pain. Force be praised for meditative healing. She would need it after this! The Cathar gave the Sith Slut a couple of seconds to get used to the massive shaft inside her and then he started to pound into the Sith Bitch. A part of Sia was actually close to panic, because she had never felt something like this stuffed into her, but she firmly controlled that part in her mind. Still, tears leaked from her wide open eyes as she was slammed into again and again, the movement causing her to bob her head on the Zeltrons cock as well. Still, she did not let the human go without reward of course, stroking him rougher now, firmer as she was abused by the Cathar's tool.
The zeltron was obviously happy with his position in Sia's mouth, but the human did not want to be content with just the Sith girls hand, so he moved to the back, Sia almost losing her support there, but still being held up by her hair with one hand from the Zeltron. The Cathar slowed in his relentless pounding.
"Oye. Change o' position!" the Cathar growled towards the Zeltron, who nodded and yanked his thick shaft free from Sia's mouth for a moment, only to pull harshly on her hair, forcing her up onto the bed on all fours now. The Cathar got up as well, giving her mouth and her pussy a brief respite, but it was short lived. The feline alien got underneath Sia, which was actually quite cozy for a moment, but only until the Cathar lifted her with both hands firmly around her wide hips and more or less slammed her down on his shaft, stabbing deep into her again. Oh by the Force! Her belly was pushed outwards again from the assault and her mouth opened up in a loud scream of passion and pain, drool running down from the corner of her lips, tongue hanging out of her mouth, eyes open wide. And a moment later, she was put straight into her second orgasm as the human male positioned himself and with just a bit of lubrication from her own juices, stabbed his thick shaft into her tight ass.
"Oh...fuuuuuck yyessssssssssss. Use me...make me yer cumslut..." she moaned, loud enough for the three to hear clearly. They seemed surprised for a moment, and Sia herself was surprised that she managed to form the words, for her mind was nearly blank, everything blinded by a hot white light of passion, strong enough to cross the galaxy through her bond to Minabi.
"Well, I won't be asked twice!" the Zeltron said and forced her head down again, pushing his cock into her wide open mouth once more, down her throat and began to thoroughly face-fuck the cum-hungry Sith Slut.
"By the force she's tight...gotta get myself more human girls." the Cathar growled as he, too began to relentlessly plow his thick, monstrous shaft into Sia's abused pussy, every powerful, forceful thrust pushing that tip into the girls womb, past her cervix. The human did not even speak, merely began to hump into Sia's ass for all he was worth. She wasn't very used to getting it there actually and she was still an incredibly tight fit in her back-door, so the human would feel almost as though his thick shaft was being squeezed off forcefully as he thrust deep into Sia's innards.
Sia was having a hard time focusing, though she never lost the purpose of all of this from her mind, she was enjoying this particular rough fucking immensely. It made her almost regret what she had planned for the three after this. Who'd have known Cathar's would have such splendid cocks!? Well, there were more Cathar out there to sample. For now though, all those thoughts were not really present in her mind as she was thoroughly abused by the three males. Her body was shoved over the edge of orgasm again as they fucked her in all three holes, every thrust causing her tummy to bulge slightly, her heavy tits jiggling as the Cthar used his massive paws to knead and squeeze them painfully tight, her ass receiving numerous slaps from the human behind her, the pale skin turning a bright red by now.
Her body was merely a plaything for the three now and she willingly let them do as they pleased. Her sopping wet folds squeezed around that thick shaft tightly, powerful muscles at work, milking the cathar beneath her, her ass doing the same to the human who kept plunging into her and the both of them felt that they were close to finding release. The tightness and the rhythmic squeezing were testament to the Sith Sluts abilities and her mouth, well that was even better in that regard. She was rather good at sucking cock and even though the Zeltron did his best to simply face-fuck her, her tongue continued to tease and stroke that shaft as it pounded into her throat while the male held her aloft forcefully by her hair.
It was no small surprise then that the Zeltron was the first to reach his climax. With a groan and a growl, he pushed one last time, deep into her throat, thick cock bulging, twitching and finally spewing his load deep into her belly, squirt after squirt, a rather large load indeed, and too much for the Sith to swallow, even if she hungrily did so as much as she could. Some of it dribbled from the corner of her mouth, down her cheek and rolled along her neck down to those heavy tits. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she felt a fourth orgasm coming on when the human was the second to shoot his load into her ass then, the hot, thick liquid filling her ass, spreading its sweet warmth through her before he removed the still spurting cock and shot a couple of squirts onto her ass, painting her pale skin with his white, sticky seed.
The Cathar was the last to blow his load, but when he did, Sia realized that she had found a new favorite plaything among males. The Cathar filled her womb to the point of overflowing and even though his thick shaft more or less sealed her womb closed, she almost felt as if she would spill some of the copious amounts of seed. It got to the point where she felt her tummy growing out a bit, swelling with the sheer amount of sticky, hot, potent seed in her belly and the Cathar grunted wildly beneath her, his last couple of thrusts before burying himself as deep as somehow possible were simply frantic, making the Sith girls body jiggle and shudder on top of him.
"Turn over bitch!" she heard the Cathar command as she felt all of the males slip from her, all the thick cocks plopping free, but, by the Force, the Cathar was still not done. Still, his thick shaft was spewing seed and as she rolled over obediently, he shot the last two or three loads onto her heavy tits, plastering them with his hot seed. Moaning softly, the Sith Slut raised her hands, grasping at her own tits, beginning to rub that sticky liquid into her skin and she looked up blankly, seemingly to nowhere.
Of course, she was in truth looking towards the camera, grinning sheepishly, amusedly even as she imagined how Minabi would feel now and how she would feel when she finally got this recording.
A brief pause, respite as the males panted lustfully, looking down at the seemingly destroyed girl. Her cunt was still gaping slightly, so was her ass, bits of cum dribbling from the open holes, her lips glistening with the sticky Zeltron cum.
"What a fuck-slut...we gotta tell others about this one. I'm sure some of my friends wouldn't mind taking her for..." the human began, but he didn't get further than that.
In a flash, Sia was on her feet, though still buck naked and covered in cum, she reached through the Force towards her Lightsabers, pulling them from beneath the bed. The hilts sprung into her waiting hands, the blades igniting with their deadly hiss and a few hums later, three heads fell to the ground.
Sia held the two crimson sabers calmly, watching the bodies fall to the ground a moment later with calm, amused smile on her lips.
"Thank you for the fun my dears. But this is a once-in-a-lifetime thing. Can't have others knowing that, now can I?"
She giggled, looking at the three corpses around her. She purred pleasantly, shuddering a bit as she felt the cold air brush over her body. She looked up to the hidden camera and smiled, the smile no longer maddening, but gentle and loving.
"I love you sister dear..." she whispered before she blew a kiss to the camera, then headed for the bathroom to get cleaned up and ready to leave. When she left, she tossed the barkeeper a credstick and a nod. He would find the three corpses and dispose of them quietly. No sense in alerting anyone about it. That would only result in more deaths after all.