My husband and I had been happily married for just over five years. We had two small boys, two and three years old, and own our own, small, cozy home. A little about us, my husband Greg, at the time was twenty-four years old, jet black hair, dark complexion, 5'7" tall, about 135#. He was slim, active, and in great shape without an ounce of fat on his entire body.
I on the other hand have shoulder length blonde hair, fair complexion, an even 5', and about 120#, with a good, but not a perfect body. My 36-D breasts were my best asset, my 28 inch waist was a little more than I would have liked, but with 36 inch hips I did have an hourglass figure. Greg loved my body and our sex life was great.
And by the way, my name is Carol and I'm twenty-three, and this experience took place during the early 1980's, and it was so out of character for me, that I still can't believe I went through with it.
Greg's birthday was coming up in early October and I really would have liked to give him a special present for his twenty-fifth birthday. I had thought about a photo album of glamor shots, until I called a few places and was surprised at the cost. I could never afford to do a glamor shoot. So I forgot about that idea and thought I would just get him another present, something a little more affordable.
A little more than a year ago I had taken a part time job as a nursing assistant, where I met Kelly. She and I worked together and became good friends because we had a lot in common, as she also was married with two small children. Once or twice a week we would have play dates, at her, or our home, and we got to be pretty good friends although our husbands had never met.
My husband Greg and I didn't do a lot of socializing, other than spending time with our extended families, and a few close friends. Kelly and her husband Bill were just the opposite, well at least Kelly was, as she loved to go out dancing on the weekends, while Bill stayed home and watched the kids. Kelly would often invite me to go out dancing with her, and I always begged off and would tell her another time maybe, not that I didn't like to dance but I am very shy, and the club atmosphere with all the people and noise, just wasn't shy me.
One Wednesday she would not take no for an answer, and I relented and told her if Greg would watch the kids I would go out with her that weekend. Kelly and I made plans to head to the club that she frequents on Friday evenings. As it was late August and very warm, I wore a sleeveless top and a short (for me) skirt that fell to about six inches above my knees, and showed off my toned, tanned legs. Open toed sandals finished my outfit.
Before I left Greg whistled and told me how hot I looked. He loved to show me off when we occasionally went out for dinner and dancing, by insisting I wear revealing and provocative clothing. I would dress that way to satisfy him, although the admiring looks I got from other men did a lot for my ego. At times though, what he wanted me to wear was almost too revealing for my taste. Thankfully he hadn't insisted I wear something slutty tonight, probably because he wouldn't be there to watch the guys stare at and flirt with me.
Because Kelly liked to dance and drink, (I drank very little) I would pick her up and do the driving. When I pulled into the driveway Bill was outside and told me Kelly wasn't quite ready and he invited me in. I had only met Bill once before, as he was usually at work during the day when I visited Kelly and the kids. He offered me a seat in the kitchen and as he was drinking a beer he offered one to me, which I declined. Within a few minutes Kelly emerged from her bedroom, dressed and ready to go.
She was dressed in a spaghetti strap tank top, and a mini skirt, that the hem only came to mid thigh, at most. Her small pert breasts were noticeably without a bra, and her legs were tanned and shapely. With her thin athletic body she could easily go out dancing braless. In the 1980's the fashion was not to have bra straps showing, if they would show you just didn't wear a bra. Before he would let her leave, Bill retrieved his 35 MM camera and had her pose in different ways, some very sexy. He took a few shots of me also, and then both of us together. He told us we looked hot and said to have fun.
Bill did eventually let us go, and as soon as we were moving in the car Kelly apologized for the pictures, telling me he is an amateur photographer and is really good. She said he has a darkroom and photography studio in the basement, and does portraits, among other things. He has also done a few birthday parties and enjoys it very much. She also confessed she has posed for him in lingerie and even done some nude modeling for him. He really is good at bringing out the best look in his subjects.
We had fun at the club, especially with Kelly dressed as she was, attracting all the guys. I don't think she had to buy a drink, and she was never without a dance partner. I danced to most of the fast dances and a few of the slow ones when I was asked. Greg liked when I danced the slow one's with strangers, and he would question me about it when I got home. It turned him on to know I had danced with, and was flirted with by other men, and he wanted to know all the details later when we made love.
Later that night when we returned to Kelly's house she insisted I come in for a minute as she wanted to show me Bill's studio. Even though it was late I was wide awake so I went in with her to see it. Bill was still up so he led us to the basement and gave me a tour and showed me some of his work. I decided that he must be good, while looking at some of his photos, then he pulled out an album of Kelly's pictures.
The album went from Kelly being dressed elegant, to sexy, to slutty. It was hard to believe it was her as she looked gorgeous. Bill said someday he wanted me to model for him and I just laughed, and told him I didn't have the body for that, and I was way too shy. He told me I had a great body, and if I gave him a chance he would bring out the real beauty in me. I blushed and told him I would have to think long and hard about that. He just smiled and said I can help you get past your shyness.
Kelly walked me out to the car and told me I should really think about letting Bill do a photoshoot. I told her I didn't know that Greg would go along with that, but she said It's fun and I would love it, and Greg would love the pictures. On the way home I thought that maybe I could have Bill do some glamor shots of me for Greg's birthday. It was after midnight when I got home, and Greg was in bed, but awake and waiting for me. He asked if I had fun as I undressed and crawled in next to him. I was tired but sleep could wait, because I knew he wanted to hear all about the evening, and how my dance partners had flirted with me.
He kissed me as I recalled the events of the night and our passion became more torrid as his fingers and lips explored my naked body. I knew how aroused he would become as I told him how I had danced with strangers and they had run their hands over my body and held me close. He knew I would be ready for sex as soon as his lips met mine, and the guys I danced with were just foreplay for our lovemaking. I considered telling him about Bill's offer of a photoshoot when I first got home, but decided not to, as we were too busy satisfying each other's sexual needs.
One evening the next week I had to do some shopping and decided, spur of the moment, to stop at Kelly's house for a few minutes on the way home. She and Bill were sitting on the patio out back so I joined them. It was another warm August evening and I was dressed in rather short cut off jean shorts, a tank top without a bra and flip flops. Bill soon turned our conversation to the photoshoot he wanted to do of me. I told him I hadn't given it any thought. Actually I had given it a lot of thought, and was considering doing it, but I didn't want to commit to him just yet. I knew a sexy photo album would be a perfect gift for Greg's birthday.
Bill excused himself and was back in a few minutes with the pictures he had taken of Kelly and I last Friday night, before we had gone out to the club. Kelly's pictures were great, she is so photogenic, then he showed me the pictures he had taken of me. I had to admit the little bit of coaching he had given me, and the poses he had me assume while snapping pictures, made me look far better than I imagined I could ever look.
He asked if I had a few minutes he would like me to pose for a few shots now and I begged off, telling him I had to get home to the kids. He wouldn't let me leave until I promised to do a shoot sometime, so I reluctantly gave in and promised him I would, if Greg gave me his blessing. That was just an excuse, because if I did the shoot, I wasn't going to tell Greg, as I wanted to surprise him, with the album.
Three weeks later Kelly and I planned another night of clubbing on Saturday evening. Just before going to bed Thursday night, Greg surprised me with a new outfit to wear to the club. As I opened the box I was hesitant because of Greg's slutty taste in club wear. It contained a top that was made from a black, sheer material that was almost totally see-through. It was long sleeved and buttoned in the back. To go with it was a very short, black pleated skirt, that would fall half way up my thighs. Also in the box were a pair of open toe sandals, a black bra and string bikini pantie set, and a pair of black thigh highs and a black garter. I was thankful that Greg had included a bra.
Of course Greg had me try it on and model it for him. Looking in the full length mirror I must say that it looked very good and classy, not slutty like I thought it might look. The skirt was short enough that I would have to be very careful bending over, without showing off my bikini panties. The bra was a push up style, that really showed off my abundant cleavage, and was cut very low. Greg insisted I model the top without the bra, and when I did my breasts and nipples were on full display for him to see. All and all he had done a nice job of coordinating the whole look, and I thanked him with some hot sex before going to sleep.
Kelly picked me up Saturday evening and we were off for a night of dancing. She dared me to remove the bra before we got to the club, telling me my boobs would look great without it. I told her that no one was going to see me without a bra tonight with this sheer top, and she gave up on trying to talk me into it. We danced and had a great time, I even had a few drinks because she was driving. By eleven O'clock I was quite tipsy and we decided to call it an early night, said goodbye to our friends and left. As she drove we chatted and Kelly wanted to stop at home before dropping me off, which I was fine with.
As we entered Kelly's back door we found Bill and his friend Kevin in the kitchen having a beer. Bill let out a low low whistle when he saw my new outfit and made me twirl around so he could see the whole package. Bill complimented me and said he loved how I was dressed. He made a drink for me, which I tried to decline as I had already had three at the club, but he insisted and stated that Kelly was driving me home, so I began to sip the drink. Bill took my hand and said I must get some pictures of this stunningly beautiful woman, you three come with me, as he led all of us to his basement studio.
Once in the studio Bill turned on and adjusted the lights and moved furniture. He placed a wooden stool in the center of the room and had me take a seat on it. Before I knew what was happening his camera was clicking away. With all the lights focused on me, and the four drinks affecting my judgement, I smiled and turned this way and that way, I was definitely the center of attention and I started to get into it as Bill barked out commands about the poses he wanted. He took close-ups of my face, upper body and full body shots from farther away.
Sitting on the stool, wearing a very short skirt, I knew I was exposing a lot of my legs, but before I could protest, he praised how great I looked and had me adjust my position to show even more of my legs. Now I was trying to be careful not to expose my tiny little panties, which was hard to do, especially after four drinks.
I had almost forgotten that Kevin was there helping with the lights until Bill suggested I remove my top, it's so sheer it doesn't hide much anyway, you might as well just take it off. He was right, it didn't hide anything, so of course I did as I was told. With Kevin helping to unbutton it, because it buttoned in the back I couldn't do it myself, I was soon without my sheer top. After a few more poses with me sitting, standing, facing the camera and facing away, we took a short break.
This time Kevin made the suggestion that I take off the skirt, mentioning that it was so short that it wasn't covering much of my legs anyway. Kelly said that I would be wearing about the same thing as a bikini bathing suit. Bill asked Kevin to help me remove the skirt, and again I did as told. So here I am wearing only a very revealing bra, skimpy panties, thigh highs, and a thin garter belt, while a man I hardly knew was watching me and giving me instructions, while his friend was looking on. The compliments started all over again, about how great my legs looked, and how good the garter looked against my tanned skin. Bill had me stand and face the camera, face away, and then sit on the stool.
Bill then had me lean forward a little, so that my breasts were almost spilling out of my low cut bra, as he took a few more shots. Next he had me spread my legs, and put my feet on the rungs on the sides of the stool. In this position I'm sure the thin little v of my black panties would be exposed, so I covered it with my hand. After a couple shots Kevin took both my hands and placed them on my hips. now for sure that little v of fabric was on display, but at least my pubes were covered. I went along with his suggestions, even though some of the poses I thought were really getting vulgar.
A few more shots and Kelly brought me another drink and asked if we could take a short break. I thanked her and we did take a few minute break with me sitting on the stool and sipping the drink. Kelly praised me and told me how much Greg was going to love the photo album, and how proud he will be of me for doing this for him. I Knew she was right and that Greg would love the photo album.
Bill next asked Kelly to help unsnap the back strap on my bra. I protested and told them I was not taking off my bra, but Bill asked Kelly to explain how sexy I would look in the pictures for my husband, if I was topless. Kelly told me that she had gone topless for Bill's camera, and with my beautiful breasts, the pictures will be phenomenal. I told them that Greg would be pissed if he knew I was posing in just my bra and panties, and probably furious if I took off my bra.
I finally won out but Bill did take a few more photos before letting me get dressed. On the drive home I told Kelly that she couldn't say a word to Greg about the photoshoot, as I would have to bring up the subject at the right time. She promised not to say anything as she dropped me off. It was almost 2:00 AM when I walked into the bedroom and thankfully Greg was asleep, so I quietly slipped into bed, with all kinds of thoughts going through my head, and finally fell asleep.
The next morning Greg asked how my evening had gone, and mentioned that I must have come to bed pretty late. I told him yes it was late and that I tried to be quiet so I didn't wake him. I was dying to tell him about the photoshoot but now wasn't the time. Surprisingly he didn't ask about what went on at the club, so I didn't bring that up either.
That night in bed while making love, Greg asked me about and I told him all the details of last evening at the club. I told him of one guy that I had danced a few slow dances with. With my arms around his neck his hands had ventured down my back to my ass and I hadn't stopped him. He had caressed my ass all through one dance, and the next dance his hand gently cupped my breast over my top and bra, and again I didn't stop him. I told Greg I didn't stop his caresses because I wanted to be able to tell you about a stranger caressing my breast while we were making love, because I knew it would turn you on hearing about it. Greg responded by moaning and coming very hard, deep inside me.
After he had gone to sleep, I thought if Greg had liked hearing about me being caressed while dancing, he would probably love hearing about the photoshoot. I decided not to tell him about it, but when I got the album, I wouldn't show it to Greg until we were making love. To my surprise Kelly called two days later and told me the album was finished. I picked it up that afternoon and made a plan to show it to Greg that night.
The kids were asleep and Greg and I were lying in bed. I started to kiss him and he quickly responded to me. After a few minutes I stopped and asked him to turn on the bedside lamp, then retrieved the album from my side of the bed. I thought to myself here goes nothing, I hope he doesn't get mad. I said happy birthday as I handed him the album and told him this is why I was so late getting home Saturday night.
I explained that Kelly's husband Bill had taken the photos and made the album for me, He looked at me with a quizzical look on his face, then slowly opened the album to the first picture. It was me fully dressed in the outfit he had bought for me, in a sexy pose, and a smile came over his face. To say I was relieved was an understatement.
As he one by one turned the pages, he stared at the pictures as the poses became more sexy and revealing. I reached for his cock and I found it already very hard. He slid an arm around me as he was mesmerized by what he saw in the album. When he got to the picture where Kevin was helping me remove my top, I held my breath not knowing what his reaction would be. He asked if that was Bill and I told him it was his friend Kevin, who helped with the lighting. He replied that there was more than one man enjoying my charms. I replied yes, the two of them were there, but so was Kelly. He said he loved the shy look on my face as Kevin unbuttoned my top, and I looked so sexy.
Greg's erection was now stronger in my hand as he turned the pages, and made remarks about how beautiful and sexy I looked. He loved the one where I was bent over forward, and my breasts were almost falling from my bra. The picture of Kevin sliding my skirt down my legs really set Greg off, as his hand went to my pussy and plunged two fingers deep inside me. I was so turned on and wet that they slid right in. The final few were of me sitting on the stool, with my legs spread wide, and only the small, thin v of the panties covering my pussy.
After looking at the last photo Greg immediately put down the album and replaced his fingers in my pussy with his cock. The thought of me posing in just a bra and panties, in front of two strange men, excited us both and we didn't make love, we fucked. I had never felt his cock so hard, or so deep inside of me. I was as turned on as he was, and my first orgasm came quickly. Greg kept asking me questions, did I like doing it, was I turned on while modeling, did I consider taking off my bra, and many more questions. I didn't answer, I was too busy.
Greg didn't last very long at all before he had an explosive orgasm, deep inside of me, and that triggered my second orgasm. Afterward as we both lay there catching our breath, from the hottest sex we had had in a log time, he asked if I was going to answer his questions, and also would I consider doing another shoot. I told him that yes I liked doing the shoot, yes I was turned on while doing it, yes I did consider taking off my bra, and yes, with his blessing, I would do it again, but he would have to accompany me. We fell asleep in each other's arms, exhausted and content.
After thinking about it I didn't know if I would have the courage to do another photoshoot, especially if Greg wanted me to do some topless or nude shots. I think he was almost disappointed that I hadn't gone further during the first shoot, and at least taken off my bra. It had taken most of what courage I had, to strip down to my bra and panties in front of two strangers. As I am a very shy person, it must have been the half dozen drinks I had consumed to get me out of my clothes.
The next day I called Kelly and told her all about giving Greg his birthday present. She said that Bill had been pestering her to call me and ask if Greg had liked the album. She told me that Bill was already planning my next shoot and had some ideas he would like for me to try. I said to her that I had told Greg if there was to be another shoot, he had to accompany me. She thought that might be a good idea.
That evening in bed Greg was looking at the album and praised me for being so brave and so loving. I told him that before giving it to him I was a little worried that he would get mad. He assured me he would never have gotten mad, because he knew I did it for him, because I loved him. Then he asked when I was going to do the next one. I told him whenever he was ready to go with me. He said that would ruin it if he was there, because I wouldn't be myself with him watching. He told me he loved the apprehensive, shy look on my face in the pictures, because I was being the shy me, and with him being there watching, I probably wouldn't have that wonderful shy look.
That week Kelly and I arranged the next photoshoot for Saturday evening. I couldn't believe I was going to do at least a topless shoot, and maybe nude it I could muster up the nerve. Shy Carol couldn't wait for Saturday.
Thanks for reading. I would love to hear your comments and messages.