It had been a couple years since Brad and I split up and I was enjoying being free and acting like a real slut by cruising places and sucking and fucking just about everyone that wanted me to suck them or wanted a quick piece of ass. I use a couple hook up sites on the internet at times and that is where I met my second boyfriend and last boyfriend to date.
I met Jim on one of the hookup sites and after a few meets and playing he asked if I was interested in becoming a regular thing and starting a relationship. I told him from the get go that we could be a regular thing but I was/am a nympho so doubt that having a relationship would work. Jim said he was willing to try an open relationship and so this is how our relationship started.
I was now turning 50 and Jim was 47 and in pretty good shape with just a little belly starting and at 5'11 a good 4 inches taller than me and about 185lbs with a little hair on his chest and legs and kept a close trimmed cock area and shaved balls and a little thick and a cock that is a little over 8 inches which I learned to love. We had numerous same interest such as bowling, golfing, hiking, hunting and fishing and as for sex we seemed very compatible as he loved being sucked and loved to top as well as being on the dominate side. After about 6 months Jim moved in with me and we were getting serious even though I was still sucking and fucking other guys, very rarely did Jim do the same and most times if he did it was in a 3some with me. We didn't act like a couple when out in public and most thought we were just roommates but little did they know we slept in the same bed each night.
Anyways when we started living together Jim started showing his dominate side more and numerous times when I came in the house he would say hi but then pull his cock out and tell me to get on my knees (music to my ears) I would do as told and either suck him while he sat down or when he was standing. It seemed sucking him while he stood it was easier to deep throat his 8 inches so I learned when he stood he wanted deep throated.
When he was fucking me I also learned the best positions to be in when he really pounded my ass and over time got use to his big cock. We went out one night and was at the local best western to listen to the country band and it was pretty crowded but we were able to find a table and sat down. About 30 minutes later this guy comes over and asked if he could sit with us because all the tables were taken and he didn't want to sit at the bar. Tom sat down and we all introduced ourselves and started chatting about the place and the women that were there as well as the band.
As the night went on Tom made a comment that I wasn't dancing with any of the women and I stated I really wasn't interested and he asked why are you gay? I laughed and said actually yes I am. There was silence for a short time but then he asked why? Again I laughed and said some years ago I found out I liked cock better the pussy. Jim was out on the dance floor and Tom asked if Jim knew and I said he's actually my boyfriend and we live together but we're in an open relationship.
An hour or so goes by and Tom says it didn't look like he was gonna get lucky tonight and I jokingly said well you could go back to our place and possibly get lucky it he was interested. Tom had a blank look on his face then stated he could use a blowjob and as horny as he was he didn't care who sucked his dick. I said we were about to leave and if he was serious to follow us to our place. About 15 minutes later we were about to leave when Tom said he was game but didn't want to leave at the same time. I told him it didn't matter as we don't come here a lot and no one knows we're gay so I really don't think anyone will notice.
Tom was a nice looking guy and about 6'2 and about 220lbs and about 40yrs old, had a goatee that was well trimmed and for sure an alpha male. We got outside and were parked at opposite ends of the lot but we met up at the entrance and Tom followed us home. We got inside and I could tell Tom was a little nervous and said this would be a first for him. I said just relax and I'll get you a stiff drink (not that he needed it because he already was pretty buzzed) I went into the kitchen and made drinks and when I walked into the living room Tom was sitting on the couch and rubbing his crotch while talking with Jim.
I passed out the drinks and noticed a nice size bulge in Toms pants and asked what they were talking about. A bit surprised but Tom spoke up and said he asked Jim who was the man of the house and who was the bitch and Jim told me you had the bitch role. I laughed and said well I am submissive but not sure I was the bitch. We all laughed and then Tom said well the one wearing the panties would be the bitch in my book. I looked at Jim and grinned and said I guess he has a point and with that Jim says he wants to fuck and tells me to go clean out and wear some panties when you come back. Tom laughed and says yeah bitch get moving.
I showered and cleaned myself out and put a pair of purple lace panties on with an open back and decided that was all I would wear when I went back out. As I entered the room I noticed they were both sitting watching some gay porn of a guy getting spit roasted and they both had their pants off and stroking their cocks. I looked at Tom and his cock was about 7 inches and just as thick as Jim's but he did have a full bush (which I'm not a big fan of) but his cock looked really good.
Jim tells me to come over and get on my knees but Tom stopped me and told me to turn around and after doing so he says he likes my panties as I get down on my knees I first started stroking Jim's cock and asked if Tom was okay if I stroked his cock. Tom says after 3 of these stiff drinks hell yeah my balls are hurting. I reached over and was now stoking both their cocks as they set on the couch. After a couple minutes of stroking them Jim gets on the floor behind me and starts eating my man pussy as Tom was moaning and moving around on the couch.
Tom then tells me "suck my dick bitch I want that mouth" so with that I leaned in and licked the head of his cock and made it jump and started teasing his cock. I licked and sucked just the head of his cock and sticking my tongue in his piss hole while slowly stroking his cock. Tom started getting verbal and grabbed my head and thrust his hips towards my face telling me to quit teasing bitch and suck my dick. He gagged me a couple times as I was on my knees and my eyes started watering but had no choice but to continue and Jim had moved up and I felt him enter my hole and slowly started fucking me.
Tom kept calling me a bitch and a cock slut (which is true) then Jim started getting verbal also saying his cock feels good in my ass pussy and asked if I liked his cock in my ass which I couldn't answer with the cock in my mouth and Tom basically face fucking me. It didn't take Tom long before he grunted and told me "swallow it bitch". and started filling my mouth and I swallowed as fast as I could but he blew one of the biggest loads I ever tried to swallow and some did come out the corners of my mouth. By this time Jim is pounding my ass hard and I knew he was about ready also. Jim started slapping my ass and pumping his cock into me as deep as he could and then yells yeah slut take my cum in that pussy (which he never said that before) and he shot a really nice load of cum deep inside me. When he finished he pulled out and told me to turn around and clean his cock off then forced me down on his cock making me gag as he face fucked me until I had cleaned his cock.
Tom tells me he needs another drink and I got up and while walking to the kitchen Tom says "damn you do have a cute ass in those panties" I felt some of Jim's cum leaking down my leg which surprised me how much he unloaded being I just sucked him off at lunch time today. As I entered the room Tom is stroking his cock while talking to Jim then Jim got on his knees and started sucking Tom's cock. I handed Tom his drink and set Jim's down and just watched as Jim started sucking Tom.
After about 20 minutes Jim had Tom hard again and Tom said "another first but I want to fuck that cute ass in those panties and your boyfriend just got me ready for your ass/pussy" Then Jim tells me to get on all 4's and assume the position. I asked about a condom and Tom says no thanks I want to feel all that ass. Jim piped in and said you don't need any lube with the amount of cum I unloaded in the bitch.
With that Tom got off the couch behind me and said I like sloppy seconds and with that Tom shoved his cock in me balls deep which made me gasp as I didn't expect that. Tom grabbed my hips and started fucking me, he would push me away as he was sliding out then pulled me hard towards him as he slid back in and he would do this bringing his head almost out before jamming it back in. Jim set there watching and drinking his drink as Tom plowed me for about 15 minutes then started slapping my ass and asking how his dick felt.
I told him it feels really good and not to stop (most guys only last 5 minutes when fucking but Tom just came about 30 minutes before that so he was taking awhile (which I was loving) I could feel Jim's cum lubing me as well as some coming out but damn did this fucking feel great Tom kept slapping my ass and calling me a cum slut and whore and made me say how much I love cock and yes I was a cock whore. Tom banged me for about 20 minutes when he slams hard and gripped my hips in a hurting grasp and shot his load deep inside then pulled out and spun me around and jammed his cock in my mouth like Jim had done and ordered me to suck his dick clean. I could taste their cum and my ass juices and when Tom thought I cleaned him off good he pulled it out and slapped my face with his now deflating cock saying that I deserved a dick slapping once in a while.
When he slapped me a couple times he got back on the couch and took a sip of his drink and said he could get use to a guy sucking him off and fucking a guy in panties. Jim told me he was going to bed that he was worn out and when I come to bed not to shower "a slut like me enjoys sleeping with cum in her hole". Tom asked if he could crash here because he was to drunk to drive and I showed him where the guest room was. As I walked away Tom slapped my ass and said that was the best fuck I had in a long time, I winked at him and said see if you say the same thing when you wake up.
I cleaned up the living room and headed to bed.
The next morning I was the first up being I don't drink but 1 or 2 drinks in a night and Tom and Jim were pretty trashed. I started a pot of coffee and took a shower and cleaning out from the night before and decided to put another pair of lace open back panties (red) which I refer to as lace jock panties and went and started making breakfast figuring they both would get fairly soon.
While cooking the sausage Tom came out to the kitchen and asked for some coffee. Being in just my jock panties Tom said "last night was different and a first for me" I chuckled and asked how he felt about it and he said he never felt a blowjob feel so good and had to admit he really got into fucking an ass and was one of the best fucks he had in a long time.
I said thanks and glad he enjoyed it. He then said I thought your panties were purple, I told him I showered and changed while they were sleeping. Tom said a shower sounded good and asked if he could take one. I said sure and winked then asked if he needed some help. He said breakfast sounded good before the shower. We ate and was just finishing when Jim came out and I served him breakfast and said Tom wants help showering and we got up and went into the bathroom.
We got in and I started washing Tom's body and slowly worked my hands down to his cock which was starting to get hard as I washed it stroking it at the same time. I sank to my knees and started licking his cock and sucking when he put his hands on my head saying how good my mouth felt. I was bobbing on his cock when Jim walked in and (not sure why) asked if Tom minded him taking some pictures without his face of course. Tom said he wasn't sure about that and Jim said he would show Tom the pictures and would delete any that might get his face in them.
Tom sounded reluctant but agreed and Jim started taking pictures of us in the shower with me sucking Tom's cock. Jim has taken some pictures before but they were for his own use and that's what I figured he was doing but found out later that day he wanted to put them on the internet. Tom was really getting into the blowjob I was giving him and asked if he could fuck me again. I grabbed the lube that we keep in the shower on those rare occasions when Jim wants to fuck me in the shower.
I lubed up and lubed Tom's cock turned around and said fuck me big boy. With that Tom leaned into me and I felt the head of his cock enter me which made me push my ass out towards it and it felt so good going in and after a few pumps Tom was balls deep in me. As he was fucking me Jim was taking pictures and Tom was getting verbal again how I was a cock whore and a slut and his pace was picking up and I pushed back each time he was sliding in and telling him to fuck me harder. We fucked for about 15 minutes or so when Tom said he was about to cum and I told him to fill me up but instead Tom pulled out and spun me around and pushing me to my knees and started stroking his cock hard and when I went to put his cock in my mouth he pushed my head back and exploded on my face and for as much as he came you would have thought he hadn't cum in days.
Once Tom was done cumming he said "another first, I always wanted to cum on some bitches face" still on my knees I took my fingers and collected the cum while looking at Jim (still taking pictures) then sucked and licked my fingers clean. Tom saying "you are a real cum slut" I just looked up at him and grinned as I finished cleaning his cum off my fingers. Once we were done we both washed off quickly and got out and dried off. We all went back out to the kitchen for more coffee and Jim showed Tom the pictures to ensure Tom's face wasn't in any.
Over the next hour or so we chatted about many things and as Tom was leaving we exchanged numbers and Tom left. I asked Jim what the pictures were about being he hadn't taken any in a while. Jim said he wanted to put some on the internet and now he wanted to fuck because watching me and Tom got him going. I got on my knees and crawled over to his chair and pulled the top of his boxers down and started teasing him with licks and short sucks on his cock. Jim started getting dominant and face fucking me then stood up and pulled me up with him and turned me around and bent me over the kitchen table and I spread my ass cheeks his cock found my hole and instead of doing his little at a time he normally does Jim jammed his cock balls deep and reached around and grabbed my cock and was stroking me as he fucked me. It didn't take long and I shot my load on the table and floor and a few seconds latter Jim blew his load deep inside me.
I didn't know it at the time but Jim put his phone on video and recorded our little fuck session which he said he was also putting that on online for everyone that looked could watch our fuck session. When we were done Jim also told me just put a pair of pants on but don't clean up. I asked Jim what got into him and all he said was just do what I tell you and don't ask questions. After cleaning up the kitchen and doing some house cleaning Jim tells me he wanted to go to the mall and get a few things and I had to go with him.
I told Jim I needed to change my jeans because his cum leaked out and I could feel a wet spot but he said no wear them. I grabbed a jacket that would hide the spot but he made me take it off saying he didn't want the spot to be hidden. I looked at Jim in a dumb founded and asked what he was up to. He just grinned and said "you'll find out" and with that we headed to the mall. We get to the mall and from sitting for 15 minutes my wet spot had got a little bigger and was not pretty noticeable as Jim pointed out. We were walking around the mall and going in and out of stores while Jim was looking for something. We decided to stop at the food court to get something to eat and as we sat down I told Jim I had to go to the restroom. Not sure if I was self conscious or if people actually noticed the wet spot . When I got in there were a few guys in there and from being at other cruising spots I could hear someone sucking and some low moaning going on in the last stall and noticed some of the guys were just hanging out which I didn't know this was a cruising spot.
It became hard to pee because I got hard pretty fast from hearing the sounds from the stall. Once I finished and washed my hands as I was leaving there was a younger guy leaning against the wall just outside the entrance and as I walked by he said had a little fun in the bathroom? I turned and looked at him as he pointed to my ass and wet spot. I said no that was from earlier today. Want to have some more fun and nodded his head towards the restroom. I said sounds like fun but my boyfriend is waiting for me.
I returned to the table and Jim was grinning and asked if I had fun. I asked why he asked if I found the restroom interesting. Turns out Jim knew about this restroom being a cruising spot and I told him about the guy in the hall. Jim tells me if you want go back in. I grinned and said be right back and headed back and the guy was still standing in the hall and I said let me suck you off, with that he turned and I followed him into the second stall and when he turned around I hurriedly undid his pants and got on my knees as I pulled out his cock which wasn't all that big but a nice surprise as he was shaven. I started licking his head and worked my ways down to his balls and lifting his cock with one hand I licked his balls one at a time and started working my way back up to the head of his cock and engulfed it until my nose was in his pelvic.
He started moaning low and saying yeah that's it suck my cock. I could hear guys in the last stall playing and it made me suck this guys cock like there was no tomorrow. Maybe 5 minutes later he grabs my head and jams his cock down my throat and unloaded his cum which I could feel going down my throat and I was able to back off his cock a little to let the rest of his load fill my mouth. When he as done I pulled off his cock, looked up at him and opened my mouth to show him my mouthful of his cum then swallowed it and then licked and sucked his cock clean.
I left the stall as he thanked me and went back out to Jim. I asked Jim how he knew about this again and he said he found out by accident a couple weeks ago and said he fucked some guy while in there but had to be careful because mall security comes in once in a while. After we finished eating we stopped at another store where Jim picked up a few things then headed home. When we got home Jim got on the computer and was uploading the pictures and video of the earlier sex with Tom and us. He then told me to get naked except for my panties which I did and I wasn't sure what site he was on but Jim stood up got undressed and plugged in a web cam and said we're gonna do a live show
Jim was being very dominant and ordered me to lay on the floor on my back and then he squatted over me and brought his ass down as he spread his cheeks and sat on my face telling me to eat his ass and tongue fuck his hole and I stuck my tongue out as far as I could to get as deep in his hole as I could. Jim started rubbing his ass up and down my face as my tongue worked his hole and ass crack. He was getting verbal telling me to eat his ass and calling me a whore among other names then he had me get on my knees and lick his balls as he lifted up his cock.
As I was licking his balls he pulled away and started dick slapping my face telling me tell him how much I wanted to such his cock and beg for his cock. I pleaded with him to let me suck his cock as he continued dick slapping me and teasing me. After a few minutes he pushed his cock in my mouth as far as he could telling me to chock on it bitch. Jim was getting rough and face fucking me making me choke and gag and bringing tears to my eyes.
He then had me stand up and turn around several times to show the cam I was wearing panties and saying I was a cock whore and cum slut. Each time we moved around he would angle the web cam around for the best angle and when he had me get on all 4's he lubed up my ass and his cock having me beg for him to fuck me and breed me. He pounded my ass all the time having me beg for him to breed me like the slut I am. A short time later he slammed in me balls deep and moans take my seed bitch and unloaded inside me and when he was done he pulled out and got a close up shot of my fuck hole and the cum leaking out of it.
We had never cammed before so I asked him why all the sudden we were doing it (not that I minded as I do enjoy being watched when I suck or get fucked) He said he just thought it would be fun. We were together for 4 years and then one day sitting at the kitchen table while Jim was out in the yard his phone beeped indicating he had a text and I looked at it and it simply said if you don't move out today and end it I'm done waiting.
I picked up the phone and went out to the yard and asked Jim to explain this. He looked at the text and stared at it for a little while then started to stutter as he walked back into the house. Granted we were in an open relationship and pretty much were sucking and fucking other people (mostly 3somes) and anytime I was whoring around Jim always knew and thought he was doing the same but this guy Jim was getting into a relationship with and told me he wanted to marry this guy but didn't know how to tell me. He wanted a relationship with someone that would be true to him in all aspects. I was hurt but had to admit I am a slut and he knew that when we got together so having to admit that was something I couldn't give him we talked for a couple hours and decided to go our separate ways and Jim moved out that weekend even though we remained friends I did meet his (now Husband) and he was nice but he didn't like the idea that Jim and I lived together and had a past so we didn't see each other very much unless we ran into each other in passing.
That was 2 years ago and since then I have remained a slut and addicted to cock but being in a small town area that I pretty closed minded and the fact that I am now 57 (still pretty fit) it's getting harder to find cock. Yes I am still on a few hook up sites but most are just players with no real intentions of actually meeting and most that do meet,their pictures are either outdated or not really theirs so it's always a hit and miss. I still on occasions go up to Erie to the book store when it's been months since I got some cock but even that's a hit and miss thing. Well that's my life story from admitting my love of cock until now. If I think about some of my hook ups I will tell them as time permits.