So there I was, my cock hard as a rock, with only a flimsy piece of green cloth covering it up, about to go onto a beach and let someone take pictures of me in front of several hot women! Wow, how did I get here?
I guess I'd better back up and explain. It was a Tuesday (why do weird things happen to me on Tuesdays?) and I had a gig as an assistant on a photo shoot. I was really pretty stoked about it, because it was a coveted slot on the crew -- this was a shoot for a swimwear website! Yes, I was about to get paid to go spend the day with hot models in bikinis on the beach. Wow, who could argue with that?
When I arrived the tent was already set up for the director and the models, so I got busy setting up shades and reflectors for the shoot. We were on a private beach, very nice white sand and blue water for the models to show off the swimsuits. There was a tent where the models dressed, and a small shade canopy set up over the outdoor shower. The photographer was one of the better ones, named Pam. She did not yell too much, but she wanted things her way and wanted them fast! So when she called over to me and said, "Hey, go see if they are ready," I hurried over to the tent.
As I entered, I was greeted by the sight of a dazzling redhead who was tying a string bikini on a blonde who was holding up her hair, arching her back, and presenting me with a fantastic view of her tits!
"Is she waiting on us?" asked the redhead.
"Yeah, she's ready" I replied, trying not to stare.
"Okay, lets see," she told the model, spinning her around to face her. The redhead cascaded the blonde's hair down the front, and then cupped her breasts together to push them up in the tight bikini. Wow! The blonde did not even seem to mind as the redhead adjusted the tiny cloth to cover her barely concealed nipples. "You look great!" she announced, sending the model out of the tent. My eyes were glued to those incredible tits as the blonde walked by me, headed onto the beach.
"I'm Cindy," the redhead said to me. "You must be the helper."
"Um, yeah. I suppose so," I replied. "I'm Joe". Just then another girl came out from behind a dressing screen, and walked up to Cindy. Immediately I lost my voice, and my mouth just fell open, this stunning brunette was totally hot! Her incredible tits were firm and had amazing shape, her slender waist was toned and firm, just an all around amazing body. She looked at me with those dark eyes, and said, "Hi Joe."
Oh my God! I was totally unable to tear my eyes off her body!
"I think you better get busy," she said, with a playful look in her eyes.
"What?" I asked, rather stupidly! Just then I heard the photographer outside calling for more light -- which was my job! The trance was broken, and I spun around to leave, mumbling apologies to the two girls in the tent as they began to laugh at my awkward exit.
My face was as red as a beet when I finally got to my post!
"Having fun?" the photographer asked, not at all amused.
"Sorry ma'am," I stuttered.
"You'll get over it -- they do that just to make the new guys drool," she said as she began shooting photos of the blonde in the red bikini. "Just focus on your job, do what the director tells you to do, and help me out, and you'll be fine."
"Okay," I replied, holding up the reflector. "Cindy is the director?"
"Yes," Pam said in a voice that told me to focus on my job.
It was really a pretty girl, and I was beginning to get mesmerized by her body as she struck various poses. I did my best not to screw up, and I kept the light on her as she danced in front of the camera.
"That's great Susan," the photographer coached. I watched in admiration of the way her tits filled that red bikini as I mentally filed away her name for future reference. Perhaps on a break I could strike up a conversation with her!
"Ready for the next one, Pam?" called Cindy from the tent.
"Yes, send her out!" replied the photographer.
Out came the brunette, in a tight white suit that looked like it was one long piece of fabric which was creatively wrapped around her. I've seen those suits before -- like a French Bikini or something -- but never one that was as sexy as the one on her! She came right over to me, and held out her hand, "I'm Candi. Nice to meet you Joe!" As she took my hand she just kept coming closer to me until she brushed by me to continue walking to the sand dune, her tits just barely missing my chest. Damn, this chick was hot!
Pam began to position her for the shoot, and the blonde Susan went back into the tent to change with Cindy. I moved the reflector in front of me to hide the growing bulge in my shorts as the session started up. The white suit Candi was wearing was very revealing from the side. Although the cloth covered everything, when she turned to the side it was like she was totally nude again in the tent, and my overactive imagination filled in the gaps!
I felt an electric twinge in the tip of my cock, and I knew that it was going to be out of control! In fact, anytime I felt that it usually meant I would have a raging hard-on in just a few short minutes. Luckily for me I had the reflector, a large flexible foil which was about five feet across. It meant that the girls would be oblivious to my...
"Hey Joe," called Pam. "Will you go ask Cindy where our other model is?"
Well. Go figure!
"Um, sure," I replied. Awkwardly I began to back away with the reflector, Candi's eyes looking at me with a knowing grin.
If I dropped the reflector, she would see my bulge for certain. But I was feeling very conspicuous trying to back away awkwardly. This was stupid! I let the reflector fall to the sand and turned to go into the tent. But just as I turned I saw Pam glance at my crotch, and a little smile on her face as she held up the camera to resume the pictures of Candi.
I was very flustered by this time -- all these hot women around me and I seemed to be so very disoriented by the whole thing. I felt like such a nerd! Pulling back the tent flap I walked in to see Susan standing right in the doorway with her back to me, her ass framed in those red bikini shorts. She quickly spun around as I entered and raised her hands to cover her bare chest. However, it was almost worse that she was right there only a few feet away from me with her tiny hands covering those big tits! I just froze and stammered as Cindy came around the screen with a small green bikini on a hanger.
"Hi Joe!" said Cindy, smiling at my awkward moment. "Susan, will you put this on?" Susan smiled at me and took the green bikini from Cindy back behind the screen.
"Um, I wanted to tell you..." I stammered.
"Yes?" prompted Cindy.
"Oh, Pam wanted me to ask when the other model would be here," I replied.
"Good question, let me make a call," she said, indicating a folding chair midway back in the tent. "You sit there and cool off for a second, I'll find out."
I went over to the chair and sat, feeling like a schoolboy. But I could not have picked a better spot, because it gave a perfect view of the changing area behind the screen! I glanced at Cindy, who was scrolling through her phone, and then like a magnet my eyes were drawn behind the screen to the sight of Susan as she was bent over pulling off those red bikini bottoms. Her back was to me, and I was transfixed by her perfect ass as she raised up, totally nude. Still facing away from me, she took the hangar and pulled off the green shorts.
Feeling guilty I tried to look away. But I must admit, I was really aroused by the thought of being a voyeur in this situation! It certainly was not my fault that there was a totally hot naked girl right there beside me. I mean, I was told to sit here!
I glanced back just in time to see her sliding up the green shorts, her fingers adjusting the tight fabric across her ass. Then she turned to grab the top. She was mostly turned away from me, but I caught sight of one beautiful nipple as she stood putting on the top.
"Damn it!" Cindy yelled.
I almost jumped out of my skin thinking that I had been busted by Cindy's outburst. I looked over and saw that she was angrily talking on the phone, completely looking the other way. So I was not the reason for her exclamation. Relieved I glanced back at Susan, who was staring right at me. Busted!
I held my breath, my eyes revealing my total guilt. She looked at me for a second, and then gave me a grin, and playfully threw her discarded red top at me!
"Sorry," I mouthed to her, so Cindy would not hear. She just grinned and gestured for me to come over to her.
I lost no time at all jumping out of the chair and crossing behind to screen to her. She turned around and held up her hair, "Tie me, you jackass!" I dumbly complied, tying the strings on the back of her green bikini.
As my fingers touched her golden skin, I felt that twinge in the tip of my penis again! Her warm skin was so soft, and I took longer tying the strings than I really had the right to do. I glanced over the screen, but Cindy had evidently left the tent, upset by her call. Just as I finished tying the top string, Susan spun around, so my hands were around her and she lowered her arms over my neck. She gazed at me with those beautiful blue eyes, and I swear that time stood still for a second!
"Now..." she whispered.
I began to pull her closer to me.
"...go back outside and get to work!" she said playfully pushing me back with a funny laugh, and breaking the spell!
"Okay, okay!" I said as I smiled and stumbled back to the opening of the tent. "Hey, Susan?"
"Yes?"
"You look great!" I said, meaning every word.
"Thanks!" she laughed, as I exited the tent and went to find out what was up with Cindy and the upsetting phone call.
It only took a moment, as all three of the girls were fast walking back to the tent. I held the flap open as Cindy led Pam inside talking quickly about someone who had canceled at the last minute. Candi was right behind them, her tits bouncing in that white outfit as she struggled to maintain composure, and still stay in earshot of the conversation.
I followed them into the tent as Pam and Cindy were agitatedly discussing what to do.
"What's going on?" asked Susan, coming around the screen. Candi just shrugged and went to the cooler for a bottle of water and sat down in one of the chairs.
"It seems we got totally fucked!" said Pam angrily glancing at Cindy.
"It's not my fault!" said Cindy. "I had no idea the other agency was going to steal our model! Not even a damn phone call either."
"Well, you're not exactly paying top dollar," observed Candi.
"Still, you would expect some professional courtesy!" yelled Cindy. "Now we are never going to get this catalog done, and I'm going to lose the contract."
"Just get another model, Cindy," Susan said. "It's not the end of the world."
"You don't get it," Cindy said as she sat down dejectedly. "I'm a fraud!"
"What?" asked Pam.
"I'm not the designer of this line," said Cindy, beginning to tear up. "I only do the layout of the catalog. I'm just a paste up girl."
"But you told us..." began Susan as she crossed over to sit next to Cindy.
"All I ever wanted to do was show my boss that I could be a director for the layout. She only hires the best directors and would never give me a chance, so I made up a fake resume for someone and convinced her to hire her. I used a pre-paid phone to make all the calls, and sure enough my boss hired me. So I hired all of you and scheduled it on a day when I knew my boss would be gone. Then, when I came back with a fantastic catalog I'd reveal my secret."
Cindy was crying and Susan was patting her on the back. "I'm sure she will give you another chance."
"No, you don't understand. This is only half of the shoot, the other half was for a special line that my boss just landed the account for. If I don't get the shots, we will lose the account. And I'll be fired and I'll never work again!" Cindy said between sobs.
"Its not so bad," I said. "Look, you have two beautiful models, the best photographer on the coast, and a damn good assistant, if I do say so myself." Susan smiled up at me as she continued to console Cindy. Even Pam glanced at me with a smile. "What do you say, let's give you boss the best damn shoot she has ever seen! You don't need that other model."
"No, no, no!" sobbed Cindy. "The other half of the line isn't women's bikini's -- its men's! And my male model just flaked out on me for more money!"
The whole tent grew still as everyone froze with the realization of the situation.
"Shit," said Candi.
(*) (*)
We paced around for a few minutes. Cindy continued to cry, and Pam just sat there fiddling with her camera. I did not know what to do, or what to say. I was really beginning to like Cindy, and I hated to see her in trouble. Susan was hugging her, unsure of what to say.
"Why not let Joe do it?" asked Pam looking up.
I froze, unsure of exactly what she was saying.
"Yeah, Joe can do it!" said Susan looking up at me with bright eyes.
"Oh, I don't know," I said taking a small step back. "I'm not a model or anything."
"No, but you do have a great body," said Candi with a smile as she peered at me over her water. "I can see you filling out the suit nicely," she said as her eyes traced down my body.
"Cindy, what do you say?" prompted Susan with a shake of Cindy, who was beginning to glance up with tear filled eyes peeking under her red hair.
"Joe?" asked Cindy softly. "Would you be my other model?"
"Shit!" I whispered, glancing around the room. All eyes were on me, except Candi who was still looking at my shorts. "I'm not a model! I'm just an assistant, and I really don't know what to do."
"We can help you!" chimed Susan who jumped up excitedly. "You'll be great!" "Just do what we tell you, and you will be fine," prompted Pam.
"Please?" asked Cindy with those beautiful eyes. How could I tell her no?
"Okay, okay!" I relented. "I'll probably mess it up, but I'll try it!."
"Thank you!" squealed Cindy as she jumped up and gave me a big hug. I grinned as Susan beamed at me and Candi gave me a wicked grin.
"Lets get to work!" said Pam.
(*) (*)
This was going to be crazy, I could tell. I mean, who was I to model men's swimsuits? And did she say bikinis? Damn, I was beginning to really have second thoughts.
Cindy, however, was completely re-energized. "And, you will need to shower before we begin the fitting, and I'll put you in the green suit first... and I think we need to get you some suntan lotion -- we don't want you to burn, and I want to..."
"Damn, girl -- you are scaring him!" exclaimed Pam. "Here is what we are going to do -- Candi, you take him to the other tent, clean him up -- showered and shaved, and then back here for dressing. Susan, check the suits, pick out what you want him in first -- let's move from more to less, in that order. Cindy, you are coming with me to get settled down and pick the shots you want to see from the earlier set."
"And someone get me a drink!" she added.
Candi grabbed me by the hand and lead me out of the tent. We went over to the "shower" which was really just a hose attached to a pole under a temporary canopy. There was a privacy screen set up, which was only a three sided screen about 5 feet tall. Candi turned on the hose, and moved the privacy screen around to make a stall. "Go on, get cleaned up!" she instructed, handing me a bottle of shampoo and soap.
I took off my shirt, and feeling rather self-conscious I slipped behind the screen before I removed my shorts. When I turned around Candi was peering over the screen at me! "Yep, you will do just fine!" she said, looking down at my penis. I quickly turned around and began to wash my hair. When I opened my eyes, Candi was gone. I did not know whether to be relieved, or disappointed that she was not still looking at me. Part of me was excited by the thought of being naked outdoors with her right there, but part of me was wondering if I was up to her expectations.
Turned out that I did not have long to wait. As I was soaping up my body I was trying to keep from growing hard. I did not want to be embarrassed by a raging cock in front of the professionals. But my mind kept going back to the sight of Candi standing in the tent completely nude, her pussy with the closely shaved landing strip.
Just then the screen was pulled back to reveal Candi standing there with a razor and shaving cream. "Ok, let's see what we can do to make you more presentable!"
I just stood there, frozen as she knelt down right in front of my cock. No amount of mental control could possibly keep me from getting hard at this point! As it steadily grew she leaned forward until she was inches away from it. Then she foamed the shaving cream into her hand, and oh so slowly began to rub it into my pubic hair above the shaft.
Now, I regularly shave my cock and balls, but the pubic hair was still present from about a quarter inch away from my shaft on up. I trimmed it, but Candi had other ideas.
"Let's see," she said. "Just clean this part up," as she began to shave away the hair from my pubic area up past my abs. She moved slowly, the razor sending chills up my spine as it moved across the sensitive skin. God, I was hard as a rock! When she finished with the top, she moved down to my legs, blending in the hair so there was not a line going from shaved to unshaved. Finally, she grabbed my right leg and moved it about a foot out, leaving me standing with my legs spread and my dick pointing up. She foamed more cream into her hand and looked up at me as she gently put the cream on my balls. My cock strained at the intense feeling, as I stared into her beautiful eyes which were right next to my dick. Then, taking the razor she very carefully shaved the balls, moving down to shave right over my ass hole. She rubbed her hand across my balls, and over my anus, with the faintest flicker of pressure as she passed over the end. Then she slowly moved her hand back under my balls, and up the shaft to the tip of my penis. I thought I would erupt right there if she moved any more at all.
With just one finger on the tip of my penis she slowly stood up and looked into my eyes. "I think you are ready," she purred. Then with the slightest flick of my cock she turned around and walked back to the tent.
Still frozen for a minute, I realized that I was completely exposed to the girls in the tent as Candi opened the flap, so I quickly spun around to rinse off and cool down my cock. Being careful not to excite it further, I rinsed off all the soap and shaving cream, and inspected my newly trimmed body. It felt really nice being completely shaved, and I was impressed with the job she did. Although, it would have been nicer if she had finished me off!
Turning off the water, I realized that she had taken my clothes, and I did not have a towel! "Candi, can I have a towel please?" I called. Presently, Candi appeared at the door, and threw me a small hand towel. She gave me a wicked grin, and turned and walked back into the tent.
Doing the best I could to dry off with what felt like a postage stamp size towel, I tried to cover myself as I walked quickly back into the tent. When I got inside, Susan and Candi were standing there looking at several suits laying on the table. Cindy and Pam were already out for the shoot, so I was alone with the models.
"Oh, don't you clean up nice," said Susan, who grabbed a brush to fix my hair. I just stood there with my little towel covering my package, and my bare ass exposed as she brushed my hair. "Being a model means you lose all your modesty," she told me. I blushed as I remembered how Cindy had arranged Susan's boobs while I was first meeting her.
"I guess so," I said. "But you are much better at it than I am!"
She laughed, and turned away to the table. "Here is the first one," she said handing me a little green triangle of cloth.
"What the hell is that?" I asked, looking at how small it was.
"Don't worry -- it will be perfect!" said Susan.
"Welcome to the world of a model!" laughed Candi. "Here, take a little bit of courage!" she said, handing me a shot of clear liquid. However, I had the one hand on the new suit, and the other trying to cover myself, so she just stepped up to me, and said "Open up" pouring the fiery vodka down my throat.
"That will get you going!" she laughed, and exited the tent.
"Hurry up, we need to get going!" said Susan, who snuck in a quick shot of vodka before departing as well.
Taking the suit I went behind the screen and began to put it on. It surprised me by how much it stretched out to fit me into it, but it sure seemed to stop way lower than I expected it to. I shoved my dick way down into the soft fabric, but instead of pulling my cock down, the fabric simply clung to it and allowed it to grow. Suddenly I realized I was getting a hard on from the feel of the smooth fabric on my dick as the blood flowed into my cock. It was a cycle -- the harder I got, the more it would slide into the cloth, and the more stimulated I became!
So there I was. A raging hard-on in a little green swimsuit, and about to go get my picture taken. I ran to the ice chest, grabbed a cold bottle of water, pulled down my shorts, and shoved the ice cold bottle against my raging cock! The shock of it alone was enough to make me flaccid, so I quickly shoved my dick back down into the briefs, and moved to the door of the tent, and acting more bravely than I felt, pulled back the door to go and let everyone see me in my tiny green bikini.
(*)(*)
It's funny, but you know all those photos on websites of guys in little bikini swimsuits? I never thought about what the guy must be feeling when they took the pictures. Boy, now I was thinking about it!
My cock was beginning to recover as the four girls turned as one to look at me -- the new "model!" I forced myself to try and be cool as I walked over to the spot in front of the camera. Damn, this suit felt small!
To their credit, no one seemed to act unusual at all about the situation. I mean, this was pretty normal for them, right? But when I turned around I noticed that all eyes were on my dick. I glanced down and saw that it had throbbed itself back to life, and was pointing out at a 3/4 angle, which was not really a full erection, but close enough to be very obvious.
"Sorry," I said, turning my back for a second and pushing my cock down.
When I turned around again, Pam was ready to go with the camera. I tried to not think about it as she began shooting pictures directly of the front of my body. Her camera was pointed at my dick, which was getting harder, and I was trying not to think about it!
"You are doing great Joe!" called Susan.
"Yeah, just great," said Cindy, although she seemed to be more distant. I was not sure if it was because she knew her career was ending, or if she just was distracted by the sight of my raging hard-on in that tiny green suit.
I felt just lousy! That helped me to get my dick back under control mentally. "Hey, can we take a quick break?" I asked.
"Good idea!" said Cindy. "Take five everyone."
(*)(*)
I ducked back into the tent for another shot of the "ice treatment" when Susan followed me in. Since I did not want to do the ice bottle trick in front of her, I just grabbed a cold bottle and drank half in one long pull.
"Don't you look fine!" said Susan, taking the bottle from me and finishing it off.
"I feel ridiculous!" I said.
"Why? It is only a bikini. We have to wear them all the time, and I don't think we look ridiculous, do you?" she retorted.
"No, but that's different," I said, feeling self conscious.
"Oh, that's rich!" laughed Candi, coming into the tent. "Because you are a guy, you need more clothing? Look, you know it's simply a different way of dressing, just more sexy, right? Who says girls are the only ones who can wear sexy clothes?"
I nodded my agreement, and noticed that my cock had shrunk to a slightly more appropriate level of hardness. Thank goodness for embarrassment!
We went back outside as Cindy and Pam finished a whispered conversation. Evidently Pam was giving Cindy advice on how to handle the situation, which I was soon to discover!
"Now, let's get you ready," Cindy said, and immediately grabbed my cock!
I jumped, surprised as she laughed at my discomfort. "Honey, you are now a model, and I am the director, so stand still while I get you ready for the camera."
With her hand on the outside of my shorts, she slid my dick over to the center, and made a nice bulge in the front of my briefs. "Ohh, you look great," she said, standing back to look at my package.
Pam came right up and knelt down in front of me, already snapping pictures. I just stood there, awkwardly aware that I was the center of all attention. More specifically, my crotch was the center of all attention!
"Okay, now move around a little," Pam instructed.
I shuffled my feet, feeling both silly and exposed at the same time.
"More, Joe." she called out from behind the camera.
"Susan, will you help?" asked Cindy.
Susan jogged over, with her tits bouncing in the little tight bikini. She grabbed my arms, stood behind me, and began to move me like a rag doll. She put my hand on one hip, the other on my leg and used her knees to move my legs into position. Then she jumped back while Pam snapped a few more frames. This continued for a few minutes, her moving me into different poses, and Pam shooting away.
"This is much better," said Pam behind the lens. "Now turn around."
We did this for a few more shots from the back, and then Cindy told me to go change into the second suit. I left for the tent as she began to look at the pictures with Pam.
All in all, I was feeling much better about the whole situation. But I had no idea what a challenge that next suit was going to be!
(*)(*)
I headed back into the tent, and Susan selected another piece of cloth for me to wear. This one was white, just a tiny bikini that looked about three sizes too small.
"Here you go," she said with a grin.
"And how am I supposed to fit into this?" I asked, taking the piece of fabric.
"You'll figure it out!" she said.
I took the white suit, headed behind the screen, and stripped out of the red shorts. To my surprise, when I pulled on the white bikinis they stretched out to become almost transparent. It turned out that I did not have to worry about the size, these things stretched like gauze! But they were almost see-through. I looked in the mirror, and I could clearly see my penis bulging in the shorts, the tip of my head clearly outlined in the fabric. In fact, you could see veins in my dick if you looked closely.
Well, modesty was certainly not an issue, so feeling rather brave I crossed back into the main part of the tent to let Susan see what I looked like.
"Wow!" she said quietly. I did not know if she was just being polite, or if I really looked that good to her.
"Let me see those closer," she said bending over to take a view. When she did, her tits came into clear view straining against the top of her red bikini. That had an immediate reaction to my cock, and it began to grow in the shorts, making them stretch and become even more transparent. "Joe, you really have a nice body," Susan complemented. Her eyes were not on my body however, just on my dick! "We better get back out there before something else happens," she whispered. By this point she was so close that I could almost feel her breath on my cock!
"I don't know how much more I can take!" I whispered to her, staring at those tits.
She raised up, giving me a very good view, then stepped forward to whisper in my ear "I'm sure you can make it, because you'll get a nice reward at the end of the day!"
Then she leaned in, her firm breasts pushing against my chest and kissed me, long and deep. Her tongue was whisking its way in my mouth, and I pulled her in close, rubbing that perfect ass with both hands as we kissed.
Finally we parted, and without a word she slipped back out of the tent. I had a raging hard on at this point, and I knew I had to cool down. So grabbing another ice cold bottle of water, I pulled out my dick, and subjected it to the cold treatment. This time it did not work as well, however. I tried to think of anything else, but Susan's kiss and her body kept creeping into my mind. Finally, I had enough of a chill to make it back into my bikini. Then I headed back out of another shoot.
The girls were nowhere to be seen when I came out. Then I saw them down by the beach. They had moved the reflectors and gear to the waters edge. Evidently I was going to be wet for this shoot.
Suddenly I had a clear vision of what this suit would look like wet -- totally clear! My head was spinning as I thought of the girls seeing me totally naked. In fact, I realized that thousands of people would see me naked once the pictures were published! That thought gave me a thrill of being an exhibitionist, but being covered at the same time. It was okay, because I could always rationalize it as being something that other people had instructed me to do.
Cindy must have noticed my hesitation since she came up to me as I was walking towards the beach. "Joe, this one will be a little different. I am going to take some pictures of you standing at the edge of the water. Then I am going to ask you to get in the water, but I wanted to let you know that these will not show your face. These shots will be only of your... of you from about the chest down." She blushed as she said this, looking at my bulge in the white bikini.
I nodded my assent, and walked up to the edge of the beach, standing in the current of the waves about up to my ankles. Turning around, Pam began to snap away with a zoom lens. I turned from side to side as she indicated, and turned around a few times for back side shots.
Susan and Candi were holding the reflectors, shining lights on my skimpy bikini. I felt very daring to be doing this, and it was all I could do to keep from letting my imagination turn my cock loose! "Okay Joe, now I want you to get on your knees and let the surf crash over you." Cindy instructed.
I walked a bit deeper into the water, and judged about knee high to be the right depth. Pam was kneeling at the water level, so I waited until a wave was incoming, and splashed down on both knees. About a second later the wave crashed into my back, pushing between my legs and swirling around my cock.
Now, I don't know who designed this suit, but when the water hit it, the suit became totally see through. It seemed to cling to my balls especially, and my cock was protruding out like a mast! I don't know if that is the look that Cindy was going for, but it was certainly what was happening.
The sensation of the waves was providing me with an exquisite feeling. This, combined with the vodka from earlier, and the fact that I was practically nude in front of four beautiful women who were staring at me, and a camera capturing all of it to post on the internet, made me almost dizzy with an erotic feeling. I was on the verge, but I knew that I needed to keep it under control. I mean, what would happen if I just whipped out my cock and began stroking it right now?
The thought of masturbating in front of the camera was unbidden, but once it was placed in my head I seemed unable to resist it. My mind began to fantasize about standing there with the surf pounding around my ankles, my shaved penis in my grasp, erupting in streams of cum all towards the camera! Thousands -- no, millions -- of people would be awed by my sexual prowess!
"Joe, could you, um, move or do something?" asked Pam.
I realized that I was daydreaming and had not kept up the pace for the shoot. Mortified, I tried to turn left, then right to give different angles to the camera. Damn, I had been busted on my daydreams of being a stud! My cock began to deflate as the reality of the situation sank in, but the sensation of the surf kept me semi-hard, which was probably better for the camera anyway.
"Okay, Candi I want to have you in this one with Joe," Cindy called out.
Candi did not hesitate, she jumped up and splashed over to me, her tits moving up and down in that white French bikini and her long legs eating up the distance. Just about the time I had regained control of my body, here comes a hot package of sex in a white swimsuit! My dick went from "half-hard" to "real hard" in a second!
"Joe, just stay right there, and Candi, you can lean over his shoulder," Cindy instructed.
Candi's white suit was still dry, which meant that I was the naked one. She came up behind me and straddled her legs behind my back, and leaned over at the waist rubbing my wet chest with one hand, the other on my shoulder. I was really enjoying this, and it was pretty easy to see from the size of my cock!
"Wow, that is one nicely shaved piece of meat you have there sailor," Candi whispered to me.
I was trying to look at the camera, and to be cool, but clearly it was not working...
"I'd like to take that salami in my mouth and bite down hard!" she said as she moved the one hand which was on my shoulder down onto my chest. "I'd lick it, and then bite it, and then lick it some more!" she hissed, and slowly began to move closer to my dick with her hands.
"Candi," called Pam "Give him a tumble!"
Without even time for me to register what it was that she was doing, Candi pushed me forward into the surf, rolling over the top of my body like a wrestler. As we twisted down, a wave crashed over us and it was like being in a washer! Her hands were all over my body, and I was reaching for her as the wave pulled back to reveal two very wet bodies on the sand, both of our suits completely see through, and sand clinging to parts of our bodies which had just been in contact with the beach.
Everyone was laughing, and Candi crawled over to me with a smile, crawling to me like a cat. Her suit was see through, and damn her tits looked good! The way that the narrow cloth clung to her body was amazing, right down to the way her bottom was up in the air!
"Joe, I want you to stand please," called Cindy. I compiled, which put me standing right in front of Candi who was still on all fours.
Now, it was not a porn shoot, but I really felt like it was crossing the line into one. But, what the hell, no one else seemed to care, so I threw caution to the wind and stood as Candi crawled up to my cock and turned her head to the camera and smiled.
She then twisted one arm around my leg, and with her hand on my inner thigh, began to pull her way upright onto her knees. She stayed on her knees, looking at the camera and held onto my inner thigh, one hand just below my dick.
It was an incredible pose. It looked like a panther who was curled up around her prey before devouring it. My penis was standing erect like a mast as all this took place. I guess that is the look Cindy was going for, because Pam just keep shooting like it was the most natural thing in the world!
"Good set you two," called Cindy, and I helped Candi stand up. As she rose her hand grabbed my dick and stayed there for a second, blocked from view by her body as she stood. She didn't say a word, just stroked me really quick a few times!
I almost exploded right there! But she released my pounding dick and coolly walked out of the ocean, with me standing there with a soaking suit and a raging hard-on. I looked over a Susan, suddenly feeling guilty. I mean, sure I had not been the aggressor, but what a jerk she probably thought I was. One second I'm kissing her, then I'm rolling in the sand with another girl.
Susan gave me a gleaming smile, which was somewhat surprising to me. As I walked up to her she rose up off the beach where she had been sitting. "God, Joe. You looked great!" she said, wrapping me into a big hug.
I hugged her right back with her tits pushing into my chest. I looked into her eyes, "You are not, um..."
"Don't be silly!" she said. "You are a professional now, and so get used to it!"
Not being sure what that meant, I just nodded and let her lead me back to the tent.
"Susan, you know the one to go with next," called Cindy as we walked along.
Susan's grip tightened on my hand, and she broke into a jog, laughing. I was pulled along behind caught up in her excitement.
Just before we reached the tent, she pulled up short, causing me to crash into her, nearly knocking her over. "Oops, I forgot -- shower first!" she said changing directions to the shower tent.
We were still running as we came around the corner into the shower. I froze as suddenly I was faced with a beautiful nude woman! There was Candi, completely naked standing there with her tits pushed way out in front as the rinsed off her hair behind her with her arms over her head. Her pussy was more swollen than the first time I glimpsed it, which indicated that she had not been totally faking her excitement on the beach!
Susan was stopped in her tracks as well, admiring the dynamite body which was before us. I remember once hearing a comedian describe a girl so hot that guys would say "I'd do her" and their girlfriends would see the girl and say "Yeah, I'd do her too". That was Candi. She was so hot that even a model like Susan was taken aback by her body. It just screamed "Sex". No thoughts of romance, just wild, animal sex beyond your imagination.
As Susan stood there, Candi opened her eyes, seeing us for the first time. She just smiled, then closed her eyes again and leaned back to rinse her hair again, the water cascading over her head, and down her body. She slowly moved her hands down her neck, and then continued down over her ample breasts. Cupping them in her hands, she slowly turned around to let the shower spray directly on them, her nipples becoming hard in the stream.
I could not believe my eyes, as she slowly spun under the water, one hand slowly moving downward. She reached down between her legs, and let her fingers trace over her pussy, enhancing the swollen parting of her lips, exposing her clitoris.
"Well, are you going to just stand there?" Candi asked, with her eyes still shut as she continued to rub her body. "Someone wash my back please."
Susan glanced at me, seemingly unsure of what to do. I just shrugged, my rock hard cock pretty much saying all that I had to say!
"Looks like you might have missed a spot," Susan offered, as she moved towards the naked beauty. She picked up the bottle of soap, and put some into one hand as Candy turned her back to her. "Just a bit of sand here on your back," Susan said rubbing the soap across Candi's clean skin.
Taking my cue, I joined the pair under the stream of water. "Let me get your back," I said, taking the bottle from Susan. This freed up her other hand, and soon she was lathering Candi up all over her back, her fingers finding their way down to her ass, and up her sides just barely cupping those erect tits.
I poured some soap directly on Susan's back, then began to work it in under the red strap of her bikini. Reaching up, I untied first the bottom string, then the upper string of her triangle top, which clung to her breasts for just a moment before succumbing to the water and falling to the floor. Unlike Candi, Susan really was covered in sand, so I washed it off her back. Working my way down I untied the side of her bikini bottom letting it fall half open, revealing a tight bottom with a solid tan line from the bikini. I got just a glimpse of her shaved pussy, before I united the other side to let the bottom fall to the floor to join its partner.
"Hey, let's go!" interrupted a commanding voice. "We don't have all day." I spun around to see Pam standing there, with a stern look on her face. "You all can have fun on your own time."
We all three froze, then Susan said, "Sorry Pam." and we quickly rinsed off, and grabbed towels to run back into the dressing tent. I was frustrated beyond belief, but Pam was right, we needed to finish the shoot before we did anything else. I just hoped that the opportunity would present itself again!
(*)(*)
Once back in the tent there were three "outfits" set out for us. Pam and Cindy were in the chairs drinking water.
"I want all three of you for the next shoot," Cindy instructed, with a mischievous grin. "It looks like you are all ready for a three-way shoot!"
Candi just smiled and dropped her towel, revealing her tight body. Susan kept her towel on, but went over to the table to grab her suit, heading behind the screen to put it on.
I looked at the suit for me, and it was hard to tell which side was the front. It was simply a small gold piece of fabric, and one side was larger than the other. I went over to a corner, and pulled off my wet shorts, trying to act cool even though I was butt naked in front of everyone. I pulled on the tiny outfit, but it didn't fit right. The front was okay, covering my semi-hard dick, but the back was way too low and it just barely covered my ass.
"Joe, what am I going to do with you?" asked Cindy walking over to me. "Turn it around!"
With a start I realized that the tiny part of it was for the front -- I had it on backward!
With Cindy standing there I just dropped the shorts off, spun them around and pulled them up the right way. Now my ass was more covered, but my dick just barely fit into the tiny pouch in the front.
Spinning me around, Cindy knelt down in front of me with my dick right in her face. She reached in and grabbed my cock, pulled it out, and then began to adjust it inside the tiny fabric. Her hands felt great on my penis, and I tried unsuccessfully to act cool about the whole thing. But she just kept tucking, and patting the front of my cock until it fit exactly the way she wanted too.
"You look great!" she said, looking at my package. "Let's go."
I followed her out of the tent, with Susan and Candi coming along behind us. I looked back and they were both wearing gold bikini's that matched my shorts. The metallic fabric left very little to the imagination as their nipples proudly stood out.
Pam was setting up under a palm tree when we arrived. I glanced down and was amazed at the way I was dressed. The tiny pouch for my dick was just a teardrop shape which outlined every vein in my bulging cock. It was an incredible feeling being so exposed in a public setting, even though we were on a secluded beach. I thought about how many people would see me in the pictures, and I wondered what they would do to themselves looking at the three of us in sexy poses with those tiny bikini's on. I certainly felt like an exhibitionist wearing such a tiny outfit!
Pam had me stand under the palm tree, with my tiny bikini on, and began to shoot some pictures of me. "That's good Joe, just turn a little to the side."
I did as instructed, feeling aroused as she came closer to me, kneeling in the sand to get close up pictures of my package. Experimenting just a little I put one hand down on my thigh, the other on my waist - just like Susan had instructed me to do earlier in the day. I was aware of how much my dick protruded in the flimsy bikini and I glanced over at the girls. Susan gave a thumbs up and flashed an encouraging smile.
Pam kept shooting, sliding closer in the sand until she was just a few feet away. She kept angling the camera side to side, evidently getting some good shots, as she just kept getting closer to my dick! My cock was getting much harder, but the pouch kept it pointed down. So it just kept stretching out the suit!
Cindy had wandered over to stand behind Pam. She bent over to look at the camera as Pam tilted it so she could see the back screen. Evidently she liked what she saw and I heard her whisper, "It certainly shows off everything, doesn't it?"
Pam said, "Watch what happens when we get just a little more reflection on it." She moved over to the side and shot a few frames of my bulge in profile. Then Cindy leaned over to see the results. Her red hair was pulled back in a ponytail, which gave me a great view of her tits down her button up blouse. Wow, I knew she was hot, but just a glimpse of those tits was really amazing. They were hidden, except for the deep canyon of cleavage in the front where her shirt sort of pushed them together. That, with the fact that gravity was pushing them against the shirt made for a great view!
Cindy whispered something to Pam, who smiled up at her. "Girls, let's have you join Ron for this shoot," Cindy called.
Candi and Susan came over, both bodies jiggling nicely in those gold bikinis. Cindy moved Susan to my left, and had Candi on my right. She quickly did some pushing and tugging on the girls bikinis to adjust the cloth. She leaned down in front of me and quickly reached into my bikini to grab my dick, and moved it up to point front. "Oh, Joe. What am I going to do with you?" she said, looking up at me playfully. Her hand was still on my dick, and suddenly she bent it down right in the middle! I gasped with the pain of the moment, but she managed to make it more presentable in the pouch. "There. That should hold for a while!"
Pam moved up and began shooting pictures of the three of us. The girls struck poses on either side of me, constantly moving and twisting. Their tits would brush against me as they leaned into my shoulders, then they would turn around and lean against me, with those tight asses! I just sort of stood there, trying to keep my cock at a semi-rigid state, but I was fighting a battle I could not win.
Before too long my dick was pushing straight out in front of me. The tiny gold fabric was tented beyond its ability to cover me, and it pushed away from my body. I knew that my balls must be visible to the sides, but I really could not do anything about it with that tiny gold pouch!
"Candi, move lower please," called Pam. Candi slowly knelt in the sand, with one arm around my waist, her head level with my dick. Susan leaned in to my side, her breasts rubbing against my arm as she leaned her head on my shoulder. Then she moved one hand on my chest, and began to rub over my pecks and abs as Pam snapped away.
"Joe, can you lean back just a bit?" asked Cindy. I looked at her to see if I understood her correctly. If I leaned back, my dick would be pointing straight up! She just looked down at Pam's camera, and waited. Not really knowing what to do, I complied. Leaning back just a little my waist shifted forward, and my cock slipped up just a bit in the tight pouch. It was now three-quarters up, and it was rock hard!
Pam kept shooting as Candi leaned her head over against my side. Her eyes were on the camera, but her hand was on my ass! I felt a twitch in my penis as the fabric slid just a bit more, and suddenly I realized Candi was pulling the back of my shorts so that the front would slide off my cock!
Susan's hand continued to move all over my chest. She reached all the way across and pushed her fingers through Candi's black hair. Candi looked up at her with a smile, my dick just inches away from her face. I could feel her breath on my cock, as she slowly looked right down into my bikini which was pulled away from my body by the rigid tent pole of my penis.
"Doing great Joe," called Cindy. "Just lean back a little more."
I did so, which pushed the tip of my cock head right up to the edge of the fabric, where it stopped. It was held by the top band, or else I am sure it would have popped right out. Susan leaned over and peered down at my cock, while Candi began to move her other hand up my leg.
The pose was pretty hot, I must admit. Both women were looking directly at my manhood, which they had a clear view of. My tiny bikini was almost non-existent for all the concealment it provided. I knew that I was beginning to strain the top of the band, and that any second now I would just pop free.
Suddenly, Candi gave a hard tug on the back, and the front of my bikini slid down! The top half of my cock was standing straight up, relieved to be free. Both girls looked at it in mock surprise, making "oh my God" looks to the camera. Pam just kept snapping away, as I continued to lean back with my penis head exposed.
Candi moved her hand up my leg to reach into the side of the tiny bikini. With one finger she hooked it and slowly pulled it down, revealing my entire dick. She then tucked it under my balls, pushing them up. Susan continued to move downward, her lips stopping just an inch from my penis. Candi leaned in and they both hovered right over the tip.
I was in agony! Was this never going to end? Just as I thought I knew the game, they changed the rules. I really was not sure if I was supposed to do anything at this point, or if I was ever going to get relief!
Just then, a drop of pre-cum glistened at the tip of my cock. Candi moved her hand up, and with one finger she drew the bead out, stretching it in the light. She moved her hand up to deposit the moist drop into Susan's mouth.
Motion caught my eye, and I saw Pam move right up under us. She was catching the shots of my dick standing rigid in the air with the two girls looking at it. I squirmed just a bit to get a better view just as Susan's finger touched my balls. She slowly traced a path up my shaft, and caught another bead of pre-cum on her finger. She returned the favor to Candi, who took her finger into her mouth like a lollipop. Candi then moved her hand up and slowly encircled my dick. She held it forward as Susan slowly moved her mouth closer.
I felt the tip of her tongue on my penis and electricity coursed through my body! Ever so slowly Susan moved her tongue over my cock, in little swirling motions. It was an incredible sensation and I closed my eyes for a second.
My eyes popped open at the sensation of another tongue on my balls! I looked, and Candi was staring at me with those "fuck me" eyes, and licking my balls.
"Slowly girls," Cindy whispered. She was kneeling down right beside Pam, looking at the pictures on the camera back.
Candi continued to lick up my shaft until her tongue met Susan's at the tip. They pulled off me for a second and French kissed deeply. Their wet tongue's were working in and out of each others mouth with Candi beginning to stroke my shaft.
Susan moved her hand down to also grasp my pole, as Candi pulled away from the kiss and fluidly moved her mouth down onto my waiting dick. It was an incredible sensation as she slid my cock into her wet mouth. Susan guided it and had to move her hand down the shaft to give Candi room to take me deep into her mouth. She pulled back and my cock was glistening with moisture. The two girls put their heads next to my dick and smiled at the camera!
Susan pulled my useless bikini off my body, and I stood straight up, relieved to get to change positions. Without a word, the girls pulled my legs apart so I was standing with my feet spread apart and my rigid penis pointing up.
Wasting no time, the two girls resumed their attack on my exposed member. Susan was busy sucking my swollen penis into her moist mouth, while Candi was licking and pulling on my balls. With Pam and Cindy in the sand below us, I knew that it was not going to be long before I erupted in a huge load of cum!
I looked at the lens of the camera just as I noticed Cindy's hand reach around to cup Pam's breast. Pam seemed not to mind as she shifted slightly to provide more access to the lesbian encounter. Meanwhile Susan had pulled away from my cock, only to be replaced by Candi's waiting mouth. There was going to be no respite for my rigid pole during this encounter, which I was ecstatic about as I thrust into her warm, silky mouth!
Pam was diligently capturing every slurping moment on the camera, even as Cindy raised Pam shirt up to reveal a fabulous set of pale tits which glistened in the sunlight. Cindy was kissing Pam's neck, which caught Susan's attention. Susan gave a smile, reached back and untied her own bikini top. Her breasts were magnificent! They erupted from their confines, as Susan reached over and pulled down Candi's bikini bottoms. Repositioning behind Candi, Susan began to lick her soaking wet cunt, which caused a noticeable increase in Candi's sucking of my dick!
Within a matter of seconds the beach was littered with clothing, all of the girls shedding the last vestiges of constraint! Candi pulled off my cock with an audible gasp as Susan brought her to climax with her darting tongue. Cindy was face planted in Pam's pussy, with her naked ass pointing up in the air. Her shaved pussy was pointing straight at me, while Pam continued to hold the camera up over Cindy's back taking more shots. I glanced at Susan and Candi who were busy moaning in delight as Candi had laid back on the beach spread eagle to allow Susan more access to her vagina.
Suddenly, I stepped forward and simply thrust my dick into Cindy's inviting pussy! There was a moment of friction before her juices enveloped my cock, providing for smooth entry. She raised up off of Pam's cunt, and moaned in delight. Pam untangled herself, and repositioned to get a vantage angle on my penis ramming into Cindy's elevated cunt. As she did so, she soon became entangled with the other two girls who were writhing on the sand. Arms, hands and lips were all over each other in a orgasmic frenzy!
Soon Cindy began to scream, "God Joe! Fuck me!" I obeyed her, increasing my thrusts - pounding her down into the sandy beach. Suddenly she screamed in ecstasy as a series of orgasms coursed through her body! Her pussy gripped my penis as she came, bring me close to orgasm. But I wanted to be seen as I came, knowing that this moment would never occur again.
Slowly I withdrew from Cindy, grasping her tits past her red hair as I gently laid her on the beach. Turning around, I saw Susan staring at my swollen cock. She laid on her back and spread her shaved pussy for me. As I approached her, I saw Pam attempting to hold up the camera, with Candi's face buried in between her legs. Pam caught my eyes, with a lust filled look and raised the camera as I approached Susan. Slowly, so that the camera would capture every moment, I slid down onto my knees right in position to thrust into Susan. My penis had never been so hard!
"Don't make me beg!" Susan cried out as she spread her legs for me. Slowly, I moved my penis to the edge of her vagina, just knocking on the door. I held there for a second, wanting to make this last, but knowing that I only had a little more time before I erupted in cum!
Not wasting a moment, Candi raised up her head from Pam's legs, and reached over to grab my penis. Her hand began to rub me up and down on Susan's pussy, just parting the lips. The feeling was too intense to describe, with the moistness of Susan's juices mixing with the sandy feeling of Candi's hand while Pam snapped pictures from just a few inches away!
I thrust deep into Susan, my penis pushing Candi's hand down until she was playing with my balls. I knew that I would only last a moment, and I was right. Feeling the cum begin to move into my cock, I pulled out, positioning my pulsing dick over Susan's incredible body. Susan gasped as I pulled out, with an orgasm hitting her with force. Pam continued to tug on my balls for just a moment, and then I came!
Wave after wave of cum erupted from my cock! I shot a stream of cum all over Susan's body, splashing onto her tits, face, and hair. She screamed in orgasmic delight, which caused me to continue to pulse like a sprinkler hose. I really never knew that I had that much cum in me! Pam continued to tug on my balls for all they were worth, while Pam captured frame after frame of my dick shooting wads of cum.
Totally spent, I fell back into the warm sand. Pam continued her snapshots, as Susan lay opposite me still writhing with her own climax. Suddenly, I felt a wet tongue on my sensitive penis, as Candi began to lick off my cock, taking the remaining residual cum into her mouth. Finally, she laid her head down with her mouth still inches from my receding, spent cock.
I had never been so totally drained! My body was totally immobile, and from the looks of the girls, they were all pretty much the same. We all were completely exhausted from the stress, the sexual tension, and the sex! All of us except Pam that is. Standing there, with her camera positioned between her wonderful, perky tits, she said, "Okay, now that we have that taken care of, let's get back to work!"
We all groaned and laughed! Feeling somewhat self conscious, but at the same time feeling very much connected to each other we all headed to the shower before continuing with the shoot. All in all, I must say - that was by far the best job I ever had!