"Good morning!"
Christina Holly felt a warm body holding her from behind as she lay in her bed. Having gotten drunk on her own after Greg Hogarth left last night she left her front door wide open for any and all to come in and make her do slutty things all night long. Having only three men show up it mostly involved drinking games and hand jobs but she was fine with that. Obviously her body heat lover had fucked her and stayed the night but sadly she was so wasted she really had no clue who camped out with her. A beard was a clue because it was tickling her neck. Eyes open she giggled at the tickles of his facial hair.
Rolling over she rubbed her eyes for focus and realized who her bed mate was. It was one of the roofers she had screwed on a rooftop earlier in the week. Smiling at him he winked at her. "I need to get to work but I wanted to thank you for some mighty good pussy." He chuckled. "Mind if I take a five minute shower to wake up?"
"No. I'll make us some coffee if you want."
"That would be great. I'll leave you a few bucks for the water usage."
"That's nice of you. I'll use it for groceries later. I'm being eaten out of house and HO." She laughed at her humor. "Forgive me but I can't remember your name."
"Delbert Flowers, I just go by Del."
"I love getting Flowers." She rolled into him to kiss his chest and shoulder. "I don't recall a beard last time."
"Grows fast. I decided to let it grow back to avoid the baby face charm. Rugged enough for you?" She teased his chin with her fingers deciding that she approved. "I'll go make that coffee. There's a fresh towel in the linen closet in the bathroom. I'd make you breakfast but honestly all I can offer is cold pizza. I have a pizza delivery guy that keeps me stocked up for fucking him. I might not be a prostitute but he calls me his pizzatute. Silly I know but it's funny to me."
"At least you're getting something out of him."
"Oh, he gives me a lot of something." She laughs, "For an older guy he's...that pepperoni is full all the time."
"Gotcha! Alright beautiful I'm hitting your shower."
Both abandoning the bed he watches her wiggle away, enjoying the extra substance in her ass cheeks. In his mind the Amazon was perfect. She didn't look back preferring to get the coffee started and to check her phone in case her man Dixon called while she was too drunk to comprehend it.
Under normal circumstances Christina wasn't much of a drinker but with all this Venus stuff and Dixon opening up to her she needed to unwind. Thankfully Del and her other lovers last night brought booze. Body shots for hours. "I think they put the bottle necks up my holes too." Oh, yes they did. Liquor while they licked her. Girth Brooks offered up his longneck bottles.
"Shit! Last filter for the coffee pot. I have to get out and shop today, or tomorrow I'll be crying." She hated leaving the house most days, being lazy and enjoying letting people come to her.
"Now that I think about it I could just have groceries delivered, but again that's extra money out of Dixon's," She was tempted to say fuck it but her conscience got to her. ",pocket. I better go myself. The guys are right I do need to get out more." Seeing her tan lined forehead in a chrome reflection on her fridge handle she frowned, "I'm sure the store will love my tantoo." Shrugging, it was then she actually said, "Fuck it."
Hearing the shower ignite she smiled, "I wish that was Dixon." Eying her cellphone she pulled up the photo he had sent of the engagement ring. Fidgeting over it she sighed, "Do I want to fight for that ring? I love Dixon but...do I want to marry him? I used to dream of the fairy tale wedding but now I'm just...living for the day."
Flipping back to the video of he and Venus in his sleeper cab she admired the flexibility that the young woman had, knowing full well if she attempted that head stand she would have crushed Dixon. "I can't believe Dixon wasn't angry over our admitting we had sex on top of him when he was comatose drunk. For that matter my getting gangbanged in the street. He's more of a freak than I ever imagined. Why didn't he show me that side of him before now?"
Knowing Dixon had told her not to contact him until he called her she simply closed out her cell and awaited the coffee to brew. Finding her favorite cup in the sink and rinsing it she poured herself a cup once it was done. A second cup brought down from an overhead cupboard she filled it for Del. Once done she just took the cup black to the bathroom and sat it on the sink. Setting her own cup next to it she watched him clean up while squatting on the toilet to relieve her bladder. Seeing her across from him he chuckled.
"Guess it looks like we're both right at home."
"I couldn't hold it any longer. Does it matter? I mean you fucked me up my ass the way it feels so nothing should be sacred."
"I suppose that's true. Wanna join me in the shower while it's hot? I'll rinse your twat off." He laughed.
Smirking at him she flushed the toilet. His water instantly went cold. "Fuck! Raincheck!" He shut the faucet off shivering. Meeting him with his towel he stepped out and let her dry him off. Kneeling in front of him she licked the droplets from his balls and sucked his dick for a good ten insertions down her throat before dabbing him dry. "You sure know how to take care of a guy. Ever tire of this Dixon guy I might snap you up."
"I talked about Dixon?" She couldn't recall doing that. "Was I that drunk?"
"No big deal. We listened and fucked you at the same time."
"What exactly did I say?" She remained on her knees looking up at him as he took the towel to dry his upper body.
"Something about some monkey named Venus. You got a little emotional. So he asked you to marry him?"
"Yes and no. He asked Venus first then changed his mind. He didn't officially say will you marry me. Just a picture holding a diamond ring. He said fight for it. I'm a lover not a fighter."
"Good to know Christina." He noted his coffee cup and edged around her to grab his, he just knew the cow wearing red lipstick was hers. Black when he preferred cream and sugar he didn't even fuss. It was the gesture on her part that counted.
Climbing to her feet Christina let him hand up her coffee cup and the two sipped looking into each others eyes. She had gorgeous eyes even looking sleepy. His were pretty dreamy too she thought. Sighing he told her, "I better get dressed before Rich docks my pay for being late."
"Right! I remember now. Richard, Billy, Jeff, and you. Are they planning on ever dropping by?"
"Can't speak for them. Maybe!" He shrugged sitting his mug down on her dresser to pull his jeans up. Buttoning up his shirt he admired her tan lines. "Who did that to you?" He recalled them from the other day, "Looks like they're fading some."
"My friends. I guess I should go back out and tan again."
"You're one crazy momma Christina." He winked tucking in his shirt then finding his socks and boots.
"Venus calls me Mommy. Isn't that messed up?"
"Dixon the Daddy?"
"So it seems. I'll have to get used to hearing that once I meet her. She seems nice, but again maybe I'm just too nice myself. Shouldn't I want to pull her extensions out?"
"I guess if you wanna keep your happy home that might not be a good idea. Just get along. So...coming back to see you will have to wait until this Dixon is back on the road?"
"I don't know. He knows I fuck around a lot now so he might be ok. I figure nobody will want to come by though fearing him."
"Yeah, that's a given. I would be but I'm not trying to pick any fight. I'll swing over again once I know his schedule."
"He'll be home next week for two weeks then gone for three. It bounces around 2 weeks on the road 3 weeks off, then switches to 3 on 2 off."
"Ever take you with him?"
"Never! That's why I didn't know about Venus."
"Well...you have my number now I put it in your phone last night while the other guys were double dipping ya. It's under Del. I'm divorced so no worries calling or texting me if you need a friend."
"Thank you. It's nice of you to care."
"My gut says quite a few guys care more than they say. Just...keep in touch." A friendly hug he kissed her on the lips tenderly and wiggled his eye brows, "Time to climb up the non corporate ladder."
"Have a good day Del."
"You too...Slut." He winked kissing the tantoo on her forehead. She giggled and tried not to spill her coffee. Following him out she waved goodbye as he got into his truck parked on the street. Drinking her coffee on the porch a jogger darted past the house between Del and her. The jogger seeing her nude waved and simply said, "Mornin'."
Del rolling his window down shook his head. It was obvious people knew of her and accepted what she was like. A toot of his truck horn Delbert Flowers pulled away. In passing the jogger, Del noticed the words Mount Olive Christian Church on his t-shirt. "Oh, Lord! I hope he doesn't turn around and lay hands on Christina. She might like it too much."
Without a doubt!
********
Returning to her home Christina shuffled to the kitchen for a refill then took down her shopping list pen pad from her fridge. Moving to her dining table to scratch out the stupid things her lovers had written on it and adding real items of food and detergent, etc. Condoms were circled as a priority for Dixon's sake. She knew her period was due, so supplies for that impending gloom was a must. She wondered how many guys might still fuck her while on the rag, most guys squeamish of blood and the odor. She rarely bled hard but still there was always that chance.
While seated adding things to her list her cell rang. Noting the caller as Dixon she eagerly answered, "Morning Baby. Where are you today?"
"Eighty miles South of Salt Lake City, Utah." He spoke, she could tell he was on speaker. Hearing, Hi Mommy from Venus she rolled her eyes, "Morning daughter of mine." All three of them laughed over it.
"Mommy? I want to say something." Venus sounded so very young.
"I'm listening."
"I know this is all...new...but I want you to know I hope we can be really good friends. If you'll give me the chance."
"Pretty sure I don't have a choice, but for the record...I hope so too. I guess we're both in Dixon's hands."
"That there's a fact Holly Golly. You get that last pic I sent?"
"The ring...yes."
"Thoughts?"
"I'm not a fighter Dixon. If I deserve it I'll embrace it. If you don't think I do then I guess it belongs to Venus."
"Maybe I'll give it to that Ginger then." He chuckled.
"You might have to ask her man Rosco first. Eve lives with a huge firefighter. Bodybuilder type."
"Does she now? You fuck him yet?"
"I haven't met him. I just met Eve the day we played on the living room floor. She saw me outside by the mailbox naked and stopped. We got along immediately. She used to be a stripper."
"That's where I know her from, nightclub called Busy Booty's. She still dancin'?"
"No. Rosco took her away from that. I hope she doesn't get into trouble she swears she's been faithful to Rosco until...the living room carpet. I shampoo it regularly by the way." She added carpet cleaner solution to her shopping list.
"Your lil' buddies stay the night?"
"No they went home shortly after we spoke. I did have three other visitors late last night. One just left actually. Did I tell you I got laid on a rooftop by a roofing crew?"
"You did not!" He laughed, she even heard Venus say, "You go Mommy." It was cute and sounded genuinely respectful.
"I have a few scrapes on my knees from the roofing shingles. They put their shirts under me to protect my skin."
"I'll have to thank 'em for takin' good care of my girl."
"Dixon?" She paused to breath. "Why do you want...a slut for a wife? A daughter for that matter."
"Long overdue talkin' about all that Golly. I've been dishonest too long now. No more lies 'tween any of us. Got my word. Do I have yours?" He also looked at Venus for confirmation. She expressed her loyalty by unbuckling her seatbelt and crawling over the seats to hug him from the side. Her emotional reaction made Dixon melt a bit.
"I love you Baby. That has never ever been a lie. You saved my life."
"Mine too Daddy." Venus whispered into his ear then kissed his cheek before returning to her seat.
"Can I ask you something else?" Christina brought up another nagging question.
"Anything!"
"Do you really want me to keep...doing what I've been doing? I get laid...a lot Baby. A LOT!"
"I'm good with it. I'll let ya know when I expect a lil' us time without yer posse."
"I...like being a slut. I really...don't want to ever stop."
"Me neither Daddy." Venus whispered for him to acknowledge.
"Daddy's lil' nymphos." He smirked. "Expect y'all to bring me some fresh pussy now and then too. Like that Loni gal."
"Greg is going to talk to her about the possibility. I'll approach Eve but honestly if she regrets what she did or if Rosco gets mad at her I'm not even sure I'll see her again."
A knock at her front door comes to Christina's attention. Bad angle in her sight lines she gets up and takes her cell with her, "Someone is at the door. One second Baby." Finally seeing her visitor Christina brightened up, "It's Eve now. Would you like to say hello?" It hadn't even occurred to her that Eve had no knowledge that Greg had sent Dixon video of she and Eve getting hammered by Theo and Maurice.
"Sure! Why not."
"Baby? Don't mention the video until I know she's okay with it. Please?" She waved Eve to come on in, the redhead opening the outer door and stepping over the threshold smiling.
"I hear ya!"
"Morning Smiley." Christina greeted Eve with a brief hug. "You look cheery."
"Rosco destroyed me before work." She laughed, "Now I know why I let him sweep me off my feet."
"Did...you tell him about...?"
"Hell no! He didn't even question me about the bruises on my ass, and thighs. Not gonna say shit until he does." She realizes she was on the phone when she heard Venus sneeze. "Aw hell! Bad timing?"
"Not at all. I was just telling Dixon I made a new friend."
"About...what happened?" Eve lowers her tone but winks.
"He knows I got laid. Should I...fill him in?"
"He doesn't know Rosco does he?"
"I don't think so."
"Rosco who?" Dixon laughed eavesdropping.
"Hey there Christina's man. What's happenin' Mister Over the Road?"
"Mile after mile Red."
"You told him my hair color?" She winced at Chris then shrugged, it really didn't matter.
"Golly told me you were one hot number. Said you used to be a dancer."
"Stripper! Ever hear of a men's club called Busy Booty's?"
"Used to frequent the place. Probably tipped ya a few hundred bucks and not known it." He chuckled.
"Could be. My stage name was Hotti."
"Yep! I recall your sexy ass."
"Awww! Thank you. I'm teaching Chris how to dance for you."
"And the whole neighborhood I hear." Chris nodded as Eve presumed he knew everything.
"I've met a few of her...friends." Eve shook her head laughing. Chris expressed a helpless shrug and just admitted, "He knows what we did. Please don't be mad at me."
"I'm good! As long as Rosco doesn't get wind."
"Firefighter gettin' wind ain't a good combo." Dixon admitted, "Safe with us Hotti."
"I appreciate that. While I didn't intend to get laid it was fun. Her friend is...pretty talented."
"I wanna learn how to dance." Venus chimed in.
"Who be you Young Lady?" Eve was taken back by the childlike voice.
"My daughter Venus." Christina informed Eve with a hint of disbelief that she was even claiming the girl. Reacting to Christina's expression Eve grit her perfect teeth with a hint of concern. Whispering to Chris up close and into her ear she questioned, "How old is she?" A mouthed but silent confirmation of 18 led Eve to be facially opinionated. She didn't buy it. That in return spooked the redhead as to Dixon's true character.
"Readin' yer mind Hotti." Dixon grumbled, "Venus here has ID sayin' 18 so you two can stop the quiet riot act."
"Just looking out for my girl here. Venus...sure doesn't sound eighteen."
"AM TOO! AM TOO!" Venus defended herself laughing. "I was born in 2004. At least that's what I was told. I was raised in the Foster system so my birth certificate is in their possession not mine. My real mommy gave me up after I was born. I was a doorstep baby."
Feeling lousy over her life the women apologized and took it with a grain of salt. Proof would undoubtedly come out if she was bluffing them. ID's were harder to falsify these days so maybe she was.
"Get past it Hoochies." Dixon growled. "So what's on yer agenda today Golly?"
"Grocery shopping. I used my last coffee filter, coffee can is near empty too."
"I can take you shopping." Eve offered, "Nothing on my calendar and Rosco just got called early morning to battle a fire 80 miles North. Big wildfire in a game reserve he was told. So I'm not wasting my free schedule."
"Sounds like yer attachin' to Golly."
"I am!" Eve grinned winking at Chris. "I...think we need each other."
"Oh yeah?" Dixon Moretti chuckled, "I'm thinkin' I need to see you needin' each other."
"Excuse me?" Eve winced with a hint of amusement.
"Let yer guard down once it appears...ain't no reason ya can't do it again."
"What are you getting at?" She laughed.
"I'm thinkin' my dinin' table's yer stage Miss Hotti. Golly? Sit on down at the table and coax the Ginger up on stage for ole' times shake. Record and adored Holly Golly."
"You want her to record me stripping on your dinner table? That's hilarious."
"Strippin' and drippin' Hotti."
"Damn! You sound like you own me too. You do know that's not the case...right?"
"Do it for Golly."
"In turn doing it for you. Riiiight!"
"Put the tipper in the stripper Golly. Dollar bill's in my sock drawer. That single blue ribbed tube sock." Christina is taken back, she had seen that sock a million times and never once questioned it not having a match. Shuffling to the bedroom with Eve standing in the doorway she digs into Dixon's drawer and located the sock, finding it full of rolled up cash in the toe. Not just one's either. Ten's and twenties. Jaw drooping she shows it to Eve.
"Hiding money from me Baby?"
"Rainy day fund." It was all money Venus had made for him in selling her holes. Venus just knew it was, but said nothing. It really didn't matter.
"Soooo! You're wanting her to tip me for dancing on video for you? I can do that for free. Wouldn't it be better if you were here in person?" Eve pondered out loud.
"If I was you'd be ridin' my bronco."
"OH REALLY?" She laughed. "You're so sure of that?" His ego was off the charts.
"My floor...my whore...meanin' Golly." He chuckled. "You and her already went side saddle so ain't no reason y'all can't buck for a buck."
"Wow! I think I can see what Christina sees in you now. You're quite the character."
"Caretaker too. Ain't that right Golly?"
"He does take good care of me." Chris admitted and puts the money sock away. "Rainy day fund is back in the bank Baby. Add to it."
"Workin' on it." Dixon smirks at Venus. She knew he meant her. Her mumble of, "Ready when you are Daddy." shared her loyalty.
"We doing this now or after grocery shopping?" Eve shivered at the thrill.
"Now!" Chris spoke up, "I need a shower before I go too. I'm not even certain what I'm wearing yet."
"Sweat and Hotti there." Dixon laughed, "You been prowlin' the neighborhood naked...no reason to go coverin' up too much here on out. Understand me Golly?"
"Yes Baby! I can't go into a store naked but I'll figure something out. I'll make you happy I promise."
"Good girl. Take the stage Ginger." Eve hearing him just shakes her head and wiggles a finger at Chris informing her she was crazy. Chris agreed with a scowl and a shrug.
"I need tunes. None of that 70's crap!" Eve pulled her cellphone out and tapped into her Spotify account and located a playlist of songs she loved to dance to. More modern rock/ metal songs. "Not dancing to any country. Redhead to Redneck it's just not my jam." She laughed, "Live with it Whistling Dixon." Hearing him chuckle at her counter attack wisdom he simply grunted, "A'ight!"
"Go sit!" Eve nudged Christina toward the dining table. Looking above it at a shitty chandelier they quickly moved the table out from under it before getting started. Overhearing them Dixon kept on driving and made Venus flash other truckers in passing. Just for fun at the moment, he didn't have time to pull over.
"Am I recording while you're on the phone Baby?"
"You can call me back after yer done and send me Hotti's frolickin'. Make it sizzle Hotti Lou."
"Anything for you Mister Redneck." She sighed, "You owe me Mother Trucker."
"I'll pay up when I hit town." Hanging up on them Dixon Moretti eased his seat back slightly and snapped his fingers at Venus leaning out her window pinching her nipples at the truck driver next to them. Horns shared she reacted to Dixon's whistle having not heard his lower level finger snaps. Twirling in her seat she found him pointing at his dick, Dixon having unzipped and pulled it out in all it's majestic glory.
Scurrying into his lap she faced his chest and straddled his beast, her tight cunt finding a home on top. Easing down on his widespread girth she hugged him tightly up close so that he could see to drive and rode his cock hard. Her face on his left shoulder stared over at the next door driver and smiled. She was happy. The driver could tell. She being so tiny Dixon felt like King of the Highway, even if right this minute she was riding his crown.
********
Back in Austi, Texas...
Eve sat sideways in Christina's lap now that Dixon was out of their way. Concerned but ready to perform Eve eyed her new Amigo. "You know he thinks he owns me now too right?"
"Probably! Just set him straight when he gets home. Thank you for...humoring him. I know you want to be faithful to Rosco..." Eve palmed Christina's mouth to silence her.
"Long past that thanks to Theo. I love Rosco but...I think I needed to be taken like he took me. It's kind of nice knowing I'm wanted that bad. Back when I danced at the club I knew that feeling every single day. While I don't think I want to push my luck too much behind Rosco's back things like stripping for Dixon there isn't any big deal. Now if I do it when he's home...I might be trouble. My gut says your man would manhandle me like Theo did."
"You know he wants a threesome right?" Chris giggled.
"See what I mean?" She pats Chris on the upper arm. "We'll see. You okay with that?"
"Can I have a threesome with Rosco?"
"Now we're wheeling and dealing." She laughed, "I'll consider that too. Maybe I'll have you over for dinner and you can tease him. I'd like to see his reaction."
"Sounds good. I'm starving right now. Let's do this for Dixon so I can find me some breakfast."
"He's got rainy day money, let's go to Denny's."
"I haven't been to a restaurant in ages."
"It's settled then. Breakfast and shopping. Not just for food either."
Up Eve went, crawling on to the dining table. It being a rather large oak table it was sturdy, a gift from Dixon's late Mother. Wearing a laced up leather number for a shirt and poured into blue denim shorts with expressions of pores at every angle, Eve Adams removed her ankle high boots and stood up atop the table. Christina ready to record when Eve started the music smiled at how much fun this friendship was. She sorely needed a friend she could relate to more her age. While Loni was a good friend too, her youth made things feel out of synch. Friends regardless, just not on Eve's level.
"Cell ready?"
"It is as soon as you start the music."
"Then let's get this Ho on the road."
Eve winked and prepped her music to begin with the song Closer by Nine Inch Nails. A classic sex tune with graphic lyrics and an amazing arrangement of guitars, drums, and keyboard.
Swaying with a devilish grin she plays with the laces of her leather shirt until untethered and teasing a parted temptation. Before revealing her breasts in their entirety she twirled to face away from Christina's camera and bent over to touch her toes. In doing this her tits burst free but were out of sight. Her shorts so tight and constricting crept deep between her thighs as she sweeps fingers across the inner seam of her denims. Legs parting wider for a better view of her trailing fingertips made even Chris excited.
Without warning Eve stood upright and offered a shy show by tilting her chin from one shoulder to the other as her micro thin straps on her shoulders were swept aside, her top loosely slipping down. With her frontal split held in one hand she cupped her breast and ripped her top off swinging it to her right before tantalizingly dropping it on the chair to her side. Now holding both breasts she whipped around with whirlwind ease and faced Christina, jostling her 36C's up and down in a playful display.
"Sexy!!!"
Christina allowed her respect to vocalize in a flirty manner of her own chin on her shoulder. Eve flipped her tongue at her then crouched down to fan her knees as wide as she could giving Chris a heavenly crotch shot that shared a hint of camel toe. Keeping her tits palmed she shot up and once again turned away from Christina to carefully step to the far end of the lengthy table. Thank God the table was sturdy, and Eve wasn't more than 125 pounds.
Releasing her chest she moved her hands up into her red hair to torment her mane like a true wildfire blazing. In her seat Christina kept her cell recording with one hand but found her free hand rubbing her wet pussy. Since her sexual encounter with Greg's girlfriend Loni she was finding a fascination for girls. Eve blew Loni out of the water due to her seductive style. Of course, Loni hadn't really shown her erotic side yet. There might still be competition in the future.
Song ending at Fuck You Like an Animal, Eve let her cell resting on the table out of her walkway jump right into Addicted by Saving Abel. Furthering a more seductive sway Eve unfastened her jean shorts but left them up, choosing to twist and stalk toward Chris like a runway model. Standing directly above Chris she flipped one side of her zipper to the other exposing her fiery but neatly groomed pubes. Breasts in full view now Chris captured the scenic mountains bobbing gently in the Ginger's dance. Licking her lips at Chris, inevitably Dixon who would view it later she turned away yet again.
Bleeding songs the follow up became something a tad more sensual with Sexual Hallucination by the band In This Moment. Almost eerie in presentation Eve felt herself up facing first away then lowering herself to the table stretching out. The top of her head toward the camera Eve caressed her entire body extravagantly, running her fingers beneath her denim divide to rub her pussy for the duration of the song, her body arching for effect that she might be enjoying her touch a bit too much. Christina sure was, her cunt was sloppy wet and feverish.
Rolling over unexpectedly Eve stared at the camera and offered a glint of I need you in her gaze. Whom it was for could have been anyone in her audience. Chris shared a similar expression of yearn watching Eve strategically roll her hands down her hips and carefully, slide her shorts lower until lifting her ass to share in a new frontier. Her ass crack poised high as the shorts faded over the horizon toward her knees. Without making their removal appear distastefully done Eve dared to prove her flexibility and reared her body backwards enough to actually somersault her legs up and over perfectly to hook Christina's neckline between both of her ankles, her denims behind the blonde's head. Caught off guard Chris lowered the camera, a closeup of the Ginger's cunt was definitely in view. Crawling backwards on the table Eve used Chris's head to guide her shorts off, they fluttering down her back into the chair.
"That was fucking amazing."
Christina had to praise her friend, her filming returning to normal. Song ending the selection toured into a more upbeat tune by artists Black Stone Cherry and their track Blame It on the Boom Boom. In this livelier atmosphere Eve rolled back over facing the ceiling and kicked her legs up, down, side to side, splits wide, patting her pussy, as well as shaking her tits. Each time her legs flew wide her pussy appeared as if breathing, her hole gaping then closing time after time. Chris was drooling at the sight.
Spiraling in the center of her wooden stage she prowled on all fours away from Chris, leaning her upper body on the edge of the far end of the table and twerking her ass to the chorus of Boom Boom. Chris got the giggles watching her. Hillbilly rockers ending their tour another In This Moment song reared up with Maria Brink's song Whore.
This tune led Eve into a dance on her knees facing Chris at the center gauging her distance. Hands back in her long red hair she fanned her legs wide and fell backwards, her calves up under her as her shoulder blades tapped the table top. Breasts heaving her hands left her hair to explore nomadically across her body. Not a long song Whore dove into All-American Nightmare by Hinder. A darker turn sent Eve into another spasm of bodily contortions. Chris could barely keep up. The video being extra long she stopped it and saved then swiftly reset for a second video.
Finding Eve up close and whipping her hair all over Chris, part of the video was obstructed by a frenzy of red. Christina busted up laughing until Eve pulled back and finished the song at center stage. Venturing into Rob Zombie territory his song Pussy Liquor found Eve stalking Chris again somersaulting until her legs were poised over Christina's shoulders using them to anchor her heels and lift her cunt up toward Christina's face. Camera hand lowered to film upwards between her thighs the view of Christina's own chin nearing pussy was within reach. Extending her tongue she touched Eve's labia. A second later Eve used her feet to goad Chris in until her face smothered in pussy juice.
Songs not mattering now, Eve enjoyed Christina eating her out. Camera still recording in an upward manner found saliva and cum dribbling down on to the cell's screen. The song following Rob entered the feeding ground with Kid Rock's tune So Hott. Yes it was. Eve was moaning up a storm. Suddenly the striptease was a thing of the past. Christina's breakfast was served with no napkins in sight, not even a tablecloth.
Fingers deep inside Eve made her cum hard directly into Christina's mouth, tongue lapping up the mess without wavering or savoring. Eve Adams was impressed, maybe Chris was actually Lilith because their certainly wasn't a serpent in her garden. Saving Abel's The Sex is Good ended their reign, rain.
Eve had to shove herself away from Christina sliding across the table screaming and convulsing hard. Chris pouting realized her cell had slipped on to the floor in their flurry of furry. Luckily a rug was under the table so it cushioned it's fall. Still recording Chris giggled at the messy screen.
"Sorry Baby. Low blood sugar I had to eat. I'm sending these now. Going to go shower and get ready to go shopping. Love you!" A kiss added to smear the mess on her screen she shut the cell off and quickly fired them off to Dixon. Setting her cell aside Chris hopped from her chair and snatched up a still trembling Eve. "Shower time." The ladies shared the steam. Eve ate Chris in the shower returning the flavor. Eve's cell still belting out songs appropriately played Something in Your Mouth by Nickelback.
Clean version!
*********
Dixon Moretti having nutted up inside babydoll Venus while she rode his lap, found the girl clinging to him and not wanting to let go. It was cute. Her breath tantalizing the back of his neck felt really good.
Hearing his cell go off he knew he had videos. Patting Venus on her adorable brown bottom she shifted her weight but remained in his lap, mainly because he liked her there. Well versed in driving a big rig he was more than capable of staying on the road like a pro. His cell in a holder facing him he opened Christina's texts and they enjoyed Eve's striptease. On the second video seeing the cunt chowder chaos Dixon chuckled.
"Catfight!" Shaking his head he looked down at Venus, "Get back into your booster seat."
"I'm in my booster seat." She wiggled in his lap bashfully.
"Reckon you are."