Notes: No real disclaimer today, just an apology. I tried to figure out how to cut this story in half, but I didn't feel there was a natural break in any part without leaving both halves weak, so its long. If you are enjoying the story, then great, but I think it might be too long for others. So I'm sorry. Maybe I will actually be able to write a shorter story eventually...But I doubt it.
So here we go, the story below contains Drug-Usage with elements of Mind-Control and NonConsensual/Reluctance Sex. All Characters are 18 years and older. The Story is a work of fiction, and certainly does not condone any actions within, so please don't try any of this at home.
With that, sit back and enjoy Up In Smoke, Pt. 4. Light 'em up if you got 'em up.
- - -
"Sometimes you just gotta say 'fuck it' and smoke a big ass joint,"
- Tommy Chong
"Struggle is the enemy, but weed is the remedy."
- Kid Cudi
"It's hard to be mean when you're stoned."
- Bill Lee
- - -
THE GRIND
- - -
[MARCH 20, 2017]
I awoke with a start. Was I late? It's bright out! Why didn't my alarm go off?
I looked at my phone, [07:59].Oh, Good.
The clock ticked [08:00]. My alarm starting blaring away in my hand. I hit the Snooze button, and laid back down. I hate waking up like that, right before my alarm goes off, it always makes me think I over-slept. I just laid there with my eyes closed, trying not to fall back asleep, but at the same time not wanting to move, just luxuriate in the calmness of doing nothing before having to do something.
My alarm went off again, [08:09]. I hit snooze again, but made sure my legs started moving. I always hit snooze...now...far too many times I have turned off my phone and fallen back to sleep, only to actually be late when I have reawaken. I even set an emergency alarm over by my desk to go off later, just in case my phone failed at getting me moving. I have sleep issues.What?
But I was moving, my legs fell off the bed and dragged the rest of my body along with them. The cool floor on my legs was a nice further aide to help me wake up. I sat my body up on my bed and rubbed my face and hair, then I stretched my arms, yawning. I looked around my room for a moment, nothing had changed while I slept. There was no girl in my bed, Thuy having gotten her own room, after all, but I had still half-wondered if she would have tried to sneak into my room while I slept. But no, she had been a good girl this time and given me my quiet time.
I stood up, scratching my chest, and made my way to the bathroom, every step waking me up more as my bare feet touched the cool floor. I used the bathroom and took a quick shower. After drying myself off I went to go get clothes. I checked my pants from yesterday, but realized pretty quickly that I needed to get another pair because the zipper was broken on these from when Giang had ripped them open. I was a little annoyed at the inconvenience at first, but then smiled to myself thinking what I got gotten for the low, low price of a pair of pants. Well worth it, in my opinion. I dug out another pair of pants, figuring I could take the broken pair to a tailor and get them fixed, put them on and got a shirt too. After throwing it on as well, I took a moment to think about what I would need today. I packed my bookbag with the needed text books, work books, my folder of blank paper, pens, the works. Then I remembered I had a date tonight, smiling I thought about my plan for tonight.
I got off work at 6, but it could be earlier, depending on how fast I could get the students out of there, and I had told Amber that I would pick her up at 7. I should have enough time to get back here, drop stuff off, get changed, and then make my way over to her house. One can never be certain with Vietnam traffic, but I should be ok. That said, I didn't want to bring my book bag on my date, and I certainly didn't want to bring my magic bag of weed to the school. That is the easiest way to get caught and this is not that kind of story. So, I would have to take the chance on trying to get back here after work before heading out on my date.
I checked the time again, [08:40]. I was good, I didn't need to be there until 9, and the school was a five minute drive away. I put my shoes on, grabbed my bookbag, and made my way out of the room. I made sure to lock my door this time. God knows what Thuy would do if she found my room unlocked. Probably smoke all my weed at least, that or I would come home and find her laying naked on my bed, trying to seduce me before my date. Door locked, I got on the elevator and made my way down. Once the doors opened again, I quickly went to the kitchen to see if there was anything I could shove into my mouth quickly and found a couple left-over spring rolls in the refrigerator. I munched down on them, trying to swallow quickly, and then turned back to leave the kitchen.
Trinh had just come down and was standing in the doorway, was she following me?
"Hey Trinh, Morning. Sorry can't talk, I'm late for work." As I grabbed my bag off a chair, and made my way into the parking area of the house.
"Good Morning Ben, did you sleep well?" She had turned around and watch me make my way to my motorbike.
"Yea, I slept pretty well, thanks for asking." I replied, as I put my helmet on and walked over to unlock to the front door.
"What are you doing tonight?" Trinh asked.
"I got a date, so I might not be back until late. Why? What's up?" I had returned to my bike and was about to roll it out the door, but stopped to see what Trinh had planned now.
"Oh, another date? Oh my. Very busy boy." She flashed me another grin. "No worries, I was just seeing if you would be back for dinner. Never mind, however. Have fun on your date, I will see you later. Oh and good luck at work."
"Thanks, Trinh. I will." I rolled my bike down the little ramp we have in front of our door down to the street. Once, I set it down again outside, I turned to lock the door, but Trinh had followed me out and was watching me.
"No worries, I will lock the door, have a good day." Trinh said, eyes still locked on me with something on her face that I was too rushed to think about at the moment.
I swung a leg over my bike, straddling it, and turned on the engine. Before driving off, I quickly checked the time again, [08:53]. I should be fine, and I put the bike into gear and drove down my alley. I slowed at the end of the road, waiting for a gap in the traffic to slide into to get onto the main street, and I saw someone heading my direction foolishly use their breaks, opening a space in front of them. I took the advantage and jumped my bike into the flow of traffic ahead of the breaking fool.Who actually uses their breaks in Hanoi? I mean, seriously. Was this their first day in country?
I sped up, sliding between other drivers, slipping into any gap I could find and accelerating ahead of them. I gracefully swam my bike through traffic, like a shark on the hunt. Someone ahead of me wasn't paying attention and almost hit me when she tried to turn while I was on their left, I honked loudly and repeatedly. The motorbike's horn was more of a high pitch beep, but it got the other driver's attention anyway, and I sped around her too. I arrived at the school with plenty of time to spare, [08:58]. I slipped my bike into their parking area, hung my helmet on the handlebar, and jogged into the building.
This was my Monday/Wednesday/Friday school, one of the three I worked at. I was kind of a floating teacher, moving around to where they needed me from day-to-day, but I had arranged my schedule to spend my Mondays and Fridays here specifically because it was so close to my home. Come Monday mornings I didn't want to have to fight half-way across town in rush-hour traffic, I'd have to wake up earlier; and then on Friday evenings it gave me an easier time to get home and drop stuff off before getting to my weekend ASAP. I hadn't really been taking advantage of this accessibility these last few months, post-break-up, but tonight it was going to work to my advantage.
Today I was teaching at one of the local, neighborhood high schools, not one of the best, but a decent public school that got most of its students through their exams. Schools like this one are typical in Vietnam. The building itself was an old French design of a giant, yellow block of cement with an orange roof, and brown shutters and doors. Each classroom had an exterior door that opened onto the open-aired balcony which ringed each of the three floors. With a bright blue banner that ringed the building with the name of the school printed in a very professional style. It kind of looked like a giant beehive, and all the uniformed students were buzzing around flying into one class from another like bees.
High schools in Vietnam only cover three years, instead of the four they typically do back in the US, so the school was divided into three grades and each grade was given a floor of the building, the tenth grade was ground floor, the eleventh grade was in the middle, and the seniors were given the top floor. It was now March, and we only had a couple more months left before summer, so the whole school had gone into Study Prep Mode preparing for the upcoming end of year exams. Which were taking place at the beginning of April. Two weeks away. It was crunch time.
In Vietnam, exams are everything. It doesn't matter how good a soccer player you are, or if you are a concert pianist. They don't care if art is your passion or you want to build robots. All those extracurriculars you can do on your own time, and your own dime. Succeeding in the Vietnamese Education system relied only on two factors, exam-scores and money. The less of one you had, the more of the other you needed. And at this school, the families weren't rolling in the dough. It was a public school, and most of the families that could afford it sent their kids to private, international schools. Therefore, my students needed to work their asses off to get into better universities.
Here is a recipe for success and/or disaster. Take a bright, intelligent, eager to learn student, then add on twelve years of constant pressure from teachers, non-ending competition with your fellow classmates, no time for TV, and then throw it all into a blender with their overzealous, helicopter parents demanding the student be 'Number One', the best, better than little Hong over there, at least. Students all over the world feel similar pressures, but trust me on this, Vietnam cranked that dial up to Eleven. The people knew that their country was lagging behind other developed countries, economically and technologically; and they also knew that the only way that would change is if they worked their collective asses off. And work their asses off they did, starting at school.
...And test time had arrived.
I checked in at the front desk, then jogged over to the doorway at the end of the building to my first class of the day, walking into the classroom at exactly [09:00].Damn, I'm good.The class was already full of 26 uniformed students, all sitting at their long-bench tables, all having their notebooks and pencils ready. None of them were quiet.
I'm not going to get into most of my day, because A) no one cares, we have all sat in a classroom before and don't care much to repeat the experience, and B) if you have never been a teacher nor have even stepped into a classroom after your own graduation, then its kind of pointless to explain about my day. I have heard people say jokes about teachers, about how easy they have it, 'Oh, they get summer vacations, lucky bastards.'It pisses me off every time I hear it. Look, you come into a class for one day, just one single day, and help out. You don't even need to be the one in charge, just sit and try to help around the class, and then you can go and tell a teacher about how easy they have it. If you can even keep your eyes open afterwards, that is.
Classrooms are pure chaos, and exam-time in Vietnam, especially so. Each and every one of my students are hoping to be Number One, none of them realizing only one can be. Their parents say it must be them, and so they have constructed the illusion that this is the only possible outcome. It can be rather heart-breaking actually, watching some of these kids have their illusions shattered right in front of their eyes. Sometimes, I think I would rather have them ask me if Santa is real, more than them ask me if they will be Number One. But equally heart-retching is watching some of those who have gradually realized over time that they aren't as smart as their fellows. They 'know' they are disappointment's to their parents and live with that guilt every day of their lives. Around exam-time you always have to keep a watchful eye on both of these types of students because having all that built up pressure can explode violently or spiral down into deep depression. Bad shit has happened before.
My day went as can be expected. Lots of questions about the tests:'Will this be on it?', 'What about such-and-such?', 'How should we answer that?'.And lots of explaining, pleading, yelling, and crying...not all of it from the students. By the end of the day I was exhausted and frustrated, and I just wanted a drink.
Now here's a fun game: Find a teacher friend of yours and ask them what their usual poison is at the end of their day or week, because I guarantee you, they all have one. For most, its alcohol, usually something strong too, like whiskey or vodka, but I have also known a lot of younger teachers especially, who have gotten into weed because of teaching. It helps relax them at the end of the day. And no, they are not getting drunk or high at work, they are teachers. They are responsible people who care for and love their students, the booze and smoke is for after work, for stress relief. If you ever want to hear what teachers really think, join them on a Friday evening after school has been let out, and a group of them all head to their closest bar and vent about their weeks and their students. It can be quite entertaining.
But sadly, today was only Monday, even though the school day had felt like a whole week already it was only Day One and I still had to try to get my students out of here. The day's final bell had just rung and I was currently in one of my Senior classes, and not a one of my students made up to leave. They all had more questions. They were all about to take their final secondary school exams, which doubled as their University entrance exams. Now think if your last semester's high school final exam was the only test score universities you applied to would see, and you don't have that nifty football scholarship guaranteeing your way into your chosen university. Oh and no ACT/SAT to help out either. Just this test.
They all had questions and I had a date. Time to get this moving. I let each student approach my desk, ask their most pressing question to me directly. This way if they wanted to keep the question private, then the answer could be given discretely. If they asked a question that the rest of the class needed to know as well, then I could give the answer to them all. Then I pushed the student out the door. One by one, I pushed, shoved, and threw them out the door, some of whom were still asking questions as I physically carried them out of the room and deposited them outside. Eventually I was left with the last one, and I already knew who it was going to be.
Thanh, was the perpetual Number Two ranked student, and she knew it. Her parents didn't though, they expected her to be the top of the graduating class, and I could see the pressure building behind Thanh's eyes. I had taught her for two years now and knew her as well as any teacher knows their students, I knew that she needed to be handled with care. I doubted that she would be one of those to explode, she understood intellectually that she wasn't the top of the class - that realization had hit her earlier - but she was still trying to chase that goal, if for no other reason than to be able to look her parents in the eye. We had talked a lot over the last few weeks about how to get her score up.
"What do you got for me Thanh?"
"I'm scared." Her quiet voice traveling across the empty classroom.
"Why? You don't have anything to be scare of." I said as I stood up to walk over to her.
"I know I am not going to get the top mark and when I don't, I won't get into the university I want, and I will have failed my parents, and my life will be over." She said, hiccuping into her hands.
I sat down on a table top maybe six feet away from her so I didn't have to yell. "No Thanh, we have talked about this. Your life would not be over. You don't need the top mark to get into your school, and even if you didn't get into that one, there are plenty of other good schools. You parents might be disappointed, but that will pass. You are smart and hard-working, and will do marvelous in university."
"My parents say I have to get into the best medical school or I wont be a good doctor. I have to go to the best to be the best." She said, still not looking up from her hands.
"Is that what you want to be 'the best doctor'?"
"That's what my parents want."
"Is that what you want?"
Her head finally lifted and she met my eyes, hers filled with confusion.
"I don't know."
"Well, maybe take some time and think about what you want. You have two weeks before the exam, and you are as ready for it as you will be. My advice for you is that you need to relax a bit. Find some time and go out with some friends for coffee or whatever it is you guys do, and not think about marks for a few hours, just talk about what you want your lives to be like. There is a lot out there and it is not all about Med School."
"I need to study." She said, with her face a mask of neutrality.
"Yes, and you should study. You still have two weeks though before the exams. I'm sure you can find at least one night to take off and blow off some steam."
"It is my birthday on Friday." A look of dawning realization hitting her features.
"Well, there you go. Talk to your friends and go out on Friday, let them spoil you. A fun Friday is just what the doctor needs. Release some pressure before you take the exams, then you will be more relaxed the following week."
"Maybe." I could see her trying to figure out how to get permission from her parents.
"Well, I think you need to. You are likely to explode if you don't release some pressure."
"Ok, thank you Mr. Ben, I will think about it."
"Good. I will see you on Wednesday."
"Ok. Bye Mr. Ben, see you on Wednesday." She collected her book bag and walked out of the classroom, with one final look over her shoulder at me like she was about to ask something else, but I waved her out.
I watched her leave and I knew she would be fine. I guessed she wasn't going to explode like others had when their illusions were shattered, because she already knew she wasn't Number One material. She might be in risk of spiraling down into a depression after seeing her scores, but I didn't think so. I had known her long enough to know she could bounce back and do even better in whatever university she was destined to go to.
But enough thinking about that now, I had a date. I rushed back over to my desk to get my own stuff together, threw my bag over my shoulder, and made my way out of the door. I looked at the time, [17:47]. Good still early, I should be fine. However, I was on the top floor and needed to make my way down to the ground floor and out to the parking area without getting stopped by questioning students or talkative teachers. I figured at this time of the day the teachers were likewise trying to get out of here, but there were always those few that just hadn't had enough talking for the day and wanted to chat about their weekends. I didn't want to get caught in that discussion, so I decided to go into sneaky mode.
I quickly made my way down the exterior hallway, speeding up when I passed the doors of those particularly talkative coworkers of mine, got to the staircase and took the stairs down two at a time. As I passed the second floor landing, I think I heard someone call after me, but I didn't slow down and just acted like I hadn't heard them. When I reached the ground floor, the place was still partially packed with students milling about talking to other students or waiting for their rides.
I tried not to make eye contact with any of them. I usually am more friendly than this and open to having conversations after school, but today I was on a mission. I made my way over to the teacher's parking area and rolled my bike out to the driveway near the campus entryway. As I was getting my helmet on I saw a dad waiting down a bit away over by the entry gate.
He kind of stood out and I briefly wondered why a guy with this much obvious money sent one of his kids to this school and not one of the expensive private schools. He was on his phone, sitting on the hood of his brand new, shiny, black sedan, probably answering a few work messages before picking up his kid, thus not getting another ounce of quiet that night. I understood that desire for quiet, and let him have his moment. I did, however, compliment his jacket as I got on my bike. It was a cool jacket, black, long-sleeved, half leather jacket-half hoodie. I wondered where he got it. I might have to track one down. It was maybe a bit too hot for a Vietnamese summer, but it still looked cool and his car looked expensive enough to have air conditioning.
I put my helmet on, got on the bike, and checked the time, [17:52]. I had time to go home, change and get ready before heading to get Amber. I made it through the evening traffic fine, only having to use my horn twice, use a rude hand gesture once, and got home without any real problems.
I left my bike, locked (people steal them all the time) out in the alley in front of my house. I opened the front door and made my way over to the elevator, no one was in the kitchen so I got to make my entry to the house without any distractions. I went up to my room and dropped off my stuff on the floor, no time to put stuff away. I went into the bathroom to relieve myself, and clean up as much as I could in the sink.
Coming out of the bathroom, I looked in my closet for a nice shirt to wear. I found the sexiest, clean one I had, and slipped in on. Then grabbed a tie and my sports jacket. I went to check myself out in the mirror, tie my tie, fix my hair, throw on some cologne, the works. I then walked over to my desk and took out the bag ofDesirefrom the desk drawer I had stashed it in the night before. I retrieved the joints I had pre-rolled and slipped two in my breast pocket and the other two in the case I had used earlier and slipped the case into my pocket. "Just in case," I thought to myself.
I then looked around the room for anything else I might need and I heard a door outside mine, close. I knew it was Giang's, I could usually hear when she opened or closed it, the soundproofing in the house was kind of weird. I usually could not hear what happened in her room, but I could hear pretty clearly what was happening in the hallway. She had either just gone into her room or left, not sure which.Focus, Ben. You're on a mission, remember.I went back to scanning my room and I noticed that the bed wasn't made, so I quickly just threw the coverlet over the bed, making it look mostly made, or at least not like I had just fallen out of bed and left it unmade.Ahem. I didn't think I'd be bringing Amber back here tonight, I still had work tomorrow too, but hey, you never know.
Not thinking of anything else I needed, I checked the time, [18:33]. I thought for a moment, trying to remember where Amber lived, I had been kind of drunk and tired when I dropped her off on Saturday morning. I think I remember where it was and then did some quick math in my head. It should be about a fifteen minute drive to Amber's house, so twenty should be plenty.
I took one final look around the room, and not thinking of anything else, I left my room and got on the elevator. I was planning on just running out the door, but as I passed the kitchen I saw Trinh and Giang moving around making dinner. I almost just passed anyway, but I had to Man-Up. Giang was going to find out about me having a date one way or another, if she didn't know already, and she deserved more than my attempts at lying or hiding things from her. I didn't have long, but I needed to tell her the truth, and hopefully not make her angry.Girls want the truth, right? Right?
I stepped into the kitchen doorway, and watched for a moment as the two women were chatting and moving around preparing to cook.
"Hey ladies. What are you cooking?" I said them.
Both women turned to look at me. Giang looked initially excited to see me, but then her smile faded and she turned back to her work.Well, shit. Good start.Trinh however, acknowledged me.
"Good Evening, Ben. We are just preparing a hot pot, I thought with our new housemate, it would be good to have a little 'Welcome Party' for her. But I guess you are busy tonight. What time is your date?"
I looked down at my watch, "In twenty minutes. But I just wanted a moment to talk with Giang first."
Trinh turned back to her work and Giang turned around, but she didn't look happy.
"Yea?" Was all she said.
I rubbed my temples for a moment, trying to figure out what I was going to say, knowing I didn't have long.
"Hi." I started, but went on, "Look, so I know you probably aren't happy with me going on a date right now, after...we..."
"Had sex last night? Why wouldn't I be happy? I had a great time." Her look gave me nothing to work with, so I had to just go on.
"So did I. It was wonderful. I just...I already had this date scheduled before we had...last night." I rubbed my temples again, I did not want a headache right now.
"Ok, I'll be direct. A lot happened to me this last weekend, and more than either of you know. More than just Thuy and you, Giang. There were others, and I think I have gotten involved in something bigger and darker than me. Something not so pleasant. Amber, the girl I'm going to meet, is part of that world. I like her, but I also think she is involved with whatever is happening. Last night, I told you about the magic weed and I..."
Trinh had let out a snort and turned around, "Magic weed?"
"Umm, yea. I was given it by a woman named Mai on Friday and it turns out it kind of has powers."
Trinh's face got dark. "Mai?"
"Yes...is she a friend of yours?" I asked Trinh.
"No." She said flatly, but went on, "What kind of powers does thismagic weedhave?"
"Well, I'm not exactly sure, but apparently it makes girls crazy about me. Or at least, that is what I was told, and it seems to be true. Amber was someone I smoked with on Friday, and Thuy...well, you know all about that, apparently, and with Giang, here, look..."
I turned my attention back to Giang, "I know you said you have had feelings for me for a while, and I feel the same way about you, I have always liked you and that has not changed, but I can't stop and wonder if you smelling the weed yesterday morning had something to do with what happened last night. And then we both had that vision..."
Trinh turned her dark eyes on Giang and asked, "Vision?"
But I answered for her, "Yea, we both had some kind of vision, or hallucination, I'm not sure what it was, but it wasn't a normal weed-thing. It was mind-blowingly fantastic."
I saw Giang start to smile again remembering.
But I plowed on, "Then we had that vision. I'm just worried that the weed has effected you more than either of us know. I never want to hurt you, but I also like Amber and then there's also Thuy.Gah! I'm sorry, I was never this kind of guy. My life has just gotten a lot more complicated this last weekend. I don't want to hurt you and I didn't want to lie to you either. You have every right to know what's going on, and apparently that means telling you that I have become...some sort of...of...sex god, or something." I finished lamely.
Giang just looked at me emotionlessly for a long couple of seconds, but then burst out laughing again as she does. She turned to Trinh and said, "I told you he would tell us, you owe me 500,000 dong."
"Fine." Trinh responded, but turned an approving look at me.
"Sex god, huh?" That glint coming back into her eyes.
"Kind of." I said, confused again.
"Ben, sweetheart." Giang looked at me, "Thank you for telling us that, but we aren't dating. You can have dates with other people as long as you save time in your busy schedule for me too."
"Uhh, sure. I mean, of course. I loved spending time with you and I would like to keep seeing you, but there...."
Giang cut me off now, "Good, because I want to spend more time with you too, and if that means I have to share you with other girls, then I am ok with that."
"Uh, right." I said sheepishly.
"Well, hurry up you don't want to be late for Amber. Tell her 'hi' for me." She finished with a wink.
I just sat there stunned for a moment before turning around, but before I left, I turned my head to Trinh.
"See. Magic weed." I said, point my thumb at Giang.
Trinh let out another snort as I made my way over to my bike, but she called out to me as I moved my bike out the door.
"If your dinner plans fall through, bring her over here, we will probably be eating late, we haven't even started cooking yet."
Giang then yelled out, "Have fun tonight and good luck!"
I waved to let them know I'd heard, as I closed the door and locked it behind me.Jesus, that was weird. I needed to get a handle on what was happening. No one seemed to be getting jealous, and that certainly was not normal with girls in my experience. I quickly checked my phone, [18:49]. Shit, I was going to be late. I quickly opened my messages and sent one to Amber, telling her I was on my way but would be a few minutes late. Then I threw on my helmet, jumped on my bike and was back out into Hanoi traffic. This time I drove fast.
- - -
THE TEASE
- - -
Less than fifteen minutes later, I was on Amber's street but I couldn't remember which house was hers. I drove down the alley looking at the houses but couldn't tell which was which, they all looked the same. I pulled out my phone again, [19:03], and saw I had a response from Amber telling me she got my message and that she was ready whenever I got here. I wrote back to her, telling her I was here, but couldn't remember which house was hers. I quickly got back a response from her "Haha." Then a moment later I heard metal grating from a door being unlocked, and my head turned in the direction I thought I heard it coming from, and saw the outer-gate of a door being opened. I started the bike and drove that direction only to see Amber walking out the door speaking Vietnamese to someone inside the house. All I understood as I stopped next to her was "Yes, midnight, I understand. Goodnight, Mom."
As Amber closed the gate, I saw an older woman sitting on a thick, wooden chair (a kind of chair I really liked, actually) inside in a living room area where my house had its garage. The woman looked remarkably like an older version of Amber, and it didn't take a famous British detective to figure out she was Amber's mom. I tried to say "Good evening, Mam" in my best Vietnamese through the bars of the outer-gate, but either she didn't hear me, or my Vietnamese was worse than I thought, or maybe she just didn't like me, but she just stared at me for a moment, didn't say a word, then turned back to her TV playing inside.
"Don't worry about her. She's always like that. Hi!" Amber said very brightly, giving me a glowing smile.
"Hi, right back." I said taking in the sight of her while walking around my bike. I stood right out of her mom's line of sight and I leaned in to give Amber a kiss, which she returned affectionately, molding herself to my body. An onlooker might have thought we were long-lost lovers who had not seen each other for years, instead of the two-and-a-half days it had really been. After holding the kiss a bit too long near where her mother sat, Amber broke away. I looked at her and could instantly tell why her mom was not inclined to be friendly with me at the moment, Amber had gone all out for the night.
As tall as ever, she was wearing a red, satin, cami dress that started right under her arms and wrapped around her chest, then fell down passed her knees. The dress was only held up by two very thin, string straps around her shoulders that connected to the satin bodice of the dress. The fabric was sort of scrunched together, ruched about the chest to give the illusion that the dress was loose, but it was anything but.
While I knew Amber did not have the largest breasts around, they did fit her form beautifully and this dress did a great job of showing them off. The satin then poured down her belly and hips like the material was liquid, I could even see the shape of her belly button traced through the fabric, it fit so snugly. Then passed her hips, which were likewise shown off proudly, the skirt of the dress continued down her legs ending only after her knees, with a long slit up the side of the skirt which nearly reached her hips. Amber could have been a strawberry dipped in a large vat of molten-red velvet chocolate, and served to me on a platter, the dress fit her so well.
But like good chocolate, she had wrapped herself in a sheer, white collared shirt with the buttons left unfastened. The choice to wear an over shirt could have been mistaken for a trace of modesty, but the see-through fabric of the shirt only accentuated the features of the dress it tried to hide beneath. When she noticed me checking her out, she did a little spin and showed me that the dress was even backless, with a web of strings loosely lacing the dress together, visible even through her shirt. The skirt then flowed around her backside, much as it had with her hips, the satin traveling in sync with every movement of her ass.
The cami dress did a magnificent job of showing off Amber's best features, but what I loved most about it was that it emphasized her tall stature and her long, smooth, bare neck. Her hair had been mostly pulled back into a bun, with what looked to be two chop-sticks stitching it in place, except for a few strands of hair on either side of her face, which had been left lose to fall around her ears and down passed her shoulders, failing to hide her sharp cheekbones. Her sharp, dark-brown, mischievous eyes were not framed by her glasses tonight, but perhaps she was wearing contacts, because I could see a streak of red hidden in the color of her eyes, and she was still able to pierce into my soul with her gaze. Her look was topped off by the deep red lipstick which matched the color of her dress and only made her smile look even more devious.
The look could kill, but all I was able to say was, "You look amazing! Where's Hat though? I wanted to say 'hi'."
She laughed, but then put on a fake-sad, innocent face, "Sorry, Hat is too tired to come out and play. He has been having a long weekend and needs time to recover and get dry."
She flashed me a wink.
"I understand his pain." I laughed.
"Oh you do, do you? Those hundreds of girls keeping you busy all weekend?" She asked, referring back to a joke Thuy had texted her.
"Well, right now more like four, a hundred would be too many for one weekend, even for me." I told her truthfully, deciding to be honest, as no one has yet seemed to get jealous.
She laughed, maybe thinking I was joking. "You get them, Killer. So what's the plan for tonight?"
"Depends, do you like Italian?"
Her smile faltered a bit, but she answered happily enough, "Oh yes! Of course, Pizza Shack is one of my favorites!"
I just looked at her for a moment before letting out the laugh that I really tried to hold in. I laughed for a few moments before I could stop myself.
"It's not Pizza Shack, it's Pizza...oh never mind. No, I mean real Italian, like an Italian Restaurant?"
Amber looked confused, "Isn't pizza Italian?"
"Yes, but that place is fast food, I had something better in mind."
"Ohh." She looked happier now, "The only Italian I have had was Pizza Shack."
I laughed again, while I handed her my spare helmet.
"Well then, hop on, I'm about to blow your mind." I said, as I swung onto my bike.
She loosened up the strap on the helmet to its loosest setting and daintily sat it on top of her head as not to mess up her hair. She then slid into place behind me, sitting side-saddle, with her legs crossed and her arms wrapped around me, hugging my chest with her head on my shoulder right behind my ear.
"You already did, remember?" She whispered right behind me.
I turned my head towards hers and flashed a smile.
"Yea, I do." I said and gave her a short kiss, then started my engine and we were off.
I chose to drive a bit more cautiously now with Amber on the back of my bike, but that didn't mean I was going to be a pushover either. I have been driving these roads long enough now to understand the game. The best defense is a good offense on the streets of Hanoi, and the driver who is reacting to others around them, instead of being the one others react to, only gets that driver killed.
It didn't hurt either that every time I made a particularly daring move around traffic, Amber would reward me with a tight squeeze around my chest, her voice squealing through the Hanoi evening air. I loved driving with this girl behind me. It felt like I had rescued a princess and was getting her safely to her castle, which in this case was a beautifully hidden Italian pizzeria, on the other side of my lake.
- - -
FOOD RANT (can skip, if your bored)
- - -
Now, I have mentioned that dinning out in Hanoi is a bit different than back in the States or even Europe, for that matter. Most Vietnamese cook at home on a regular basis, and generally eat a variety of the same dishes every day, almost always rice and chicken. If they ever do go out to eat, it might be to a small little 'hole in the wall' where they sit on tiny, plastic chairs and eat boiled chicken, pho, or other street foods. The food is both delicious and cheap, a dangerous combo, but it is not very fancy.
Or, if there is a group of friends all going out and having a party, they might hit up a Bia Hoi - think Beer Hall - a wide open building, with long tables covered in hot pots and plates of squid, with waitresses delivering pitchers of beer to every table. It's a blast and really is fun, but not really the date-night scene, more 'Rodeo-roundup', than 'Dear Penthouse'.
Date-nights are usually either eaten at one of our localized, brand-new, American fast-food franchises (I.e. Pizza Shack, ha!), or if they are really being ritzy, a Japanese BBQ. Don't get me wrong, Japanese BBQ is to die for, but girls usually don't wear their nice clothes out for it, unless they want their dresses smelling of, and strained with, grease.
But then there are the other restaurants around town, the types of places most Vietnamese usually do not frequent, either due to cost or not being the desired target clientele. These are the foreigner owned and operated restaurants, run by long-term expats (Ex-Patriots, long-term residents living in a foreign country, of which I am included) who wanted to bring a taste of home to their new country. There are plenty of these kinds of restaurants around town, some better than others, but their usual clientele are other expats. Hanoi has German beer halls, Irish pubs (see Part 1), English dinners, American burgers, Indian curry, Mexican tacos, Japanese AND Korean BBQs, pretty much anything you can think of, except Chinese food. They don't like Chinese food. But don't even get me started on that whole mess, this story is long enough.
I tell you all of that, so when I say that this hidden-gem of an Italian pizzeria would have been a welcome addition to any city, I want you to understand my meaning. It is a beautiful little establishment hidden in a grove of trees right along the lake shore, serving some of the best Italian cuisine I have ever had, including the time I had lived in Rome. It was an elegant restaurant to bring a beautiful companion to, if one was trying to show off. I had actually discovered it with Thuy, back in our early days, but bad memories shouldn't ever ruin a perfect restaurant.
- - -
DINNER (welcome back)
- - -
Anyway, back to the actual fucking story. I delivered my princess, to the front steps of this Italian pizzeria, as one of the parking attendants came to park my bike.It's not as glamorous as it sounds, the guy just parks my bike on the sidewalk, but still.Amber slid off my bike, fixing her dress as she did, and took off her helmet and handed it to me. As she was fixing her hair, she looked out over the darkening lake shore not thirty feet away, taking in the scene. She really was beautiful, standing there in the pale evening light, against that backdrop, with a breeze blowing her strains of hair across her face. She was perfect.
The perfect tease. She threw me a wink, as she turned around and started walking up the steps, swaying her ass as she did, leaving me behind holding the helmets. I hurriedly went over to where the guy had parked my bike, and locked away the helmets (people will steal those too!), then followed after Amber, taking a receipt from the guy as I jogged up the stairs. She was waiting for me by the door, which I opened for her, and I followed her in.
The hostess (no,not THAT type of hostess...or the other one...this is a third type, the usual type) welcomed us in asked for my name, which I gave. I had gotten reservations yesterday, before my shower with Thuy...not that I had been thinking about bringing Amber here while I was showering with Thuy or anything. Seriously.
The hostess grabbed a couple of menus, and led us up a set of stairs to the second floor dining area. Its much as what you'd expect of a cute pizzeria, the room was designed more like a home than a restaurant, with dining tables and booths covered in linen sheets, and an open patio over looking the lake.
We didn't get a table out there however, I don't have that much clout. Tonight was already extravagant enough, without having to throw bribes around. I was fine, but with my last weekends expenses, thrown in on what I'm expecting to spend this next week, I was already cutting into my savings.Fuck, dating multiple women is going to be fucking expensive.I'm going to have to think about that.
Not now though. We were able to get a booth almost near the patio, in the back corner though. Not the best view.
Unless you were sitting next to Amber, that is.
As we came to our table, Amber took her seat, sliding across the booth's leather cushion, her legs disappearing under the table; I took the spot perpendicular to hers and sat down next to her. The waitress was waiting for us, a professional late twenties-something-year old, in a cute white, collared shirt, much like Amber's, but much less revealing, and a black skirt. She introduced herself as Phuong, and she told us the specials and took our drink orders, I ordered us a bottle of wine, a Cab if it matters. As she was walking away to give us time to study the menu, Amber finally spoke to me.
"So is this where you bring all your dates?" She whispered to me over her menu.
I turned my eyes over to her and saw a smirk on her evil little lips.
"Only when I want to impress." I told her, with my own smirk matching hers.
She held my eyes for a moment, before dropping them back to the menu.
"I've never been to a place like this, is it still pizza?" She asked, still whispering leaning closer to me to look at my menu.
"You can have pizza, but there also pastas, steaks, here..." I mansplained the menu to her, as I walked her through the options, finding something that she would like.
We decided on the pizza.
Look, I'm not knocking this either, I've had their pizza, its fantastic. Plus, she needed to see thatPizza Shackwasn't pizza. What? Don't give me that. I'm from a country that takes pride in its pizzas. But everything has its exceptions.
We gave our orders to Phuong, and then we were alone.
"This place is beautiful." Amber spoke up again.
"Yes it is." I responded, looking at Amber, but then went on, "I'm glad you like it."
"How long has it been here? I've never heard of it before."
"At least three years, that's when I first came here."
"And how many girls have you brought here since then?" That little smile back again.
"Only one." I said, shortly.
"Oh, your Ex?" Her face fell in sympathy and she laid a hand on my thigh.
"Yes, but that was a long time ago." I wanted to get off this topic, so I changed it. Lamely.
"So, how was the rest of your weekend?"
She just shook her head, knowing what I was doing, but answered anyway, "Oh it was fine. Pretty boring actually, compared to Friday."
She threw me a wink.
"Saturday night was busy, but that was mostly just work, then last night was slow, no one was out. But I got to chat with you, so that was fun."
"You have any friends there with you?"
"Saturday night? A couple, there are more of us sent out on Saturday than Sunday nights, so I know more people out there, its kind of a party but we are too busy to chat with each other."
"What about last night?" I asked.
This was actually more than idle chit-chit for me, I was curious about her weekend for big two reasons; first, I wanted to know who that photographer was, the one Amber lets take up-skirt shots of; and two, I still hadn't forgotten my primary goal for the night, I needed to find out information about what's going on with Mai and what her plans for Thuy were. To get that information, I could think of two girls I had to talk to; Amber and Cici, the creator ofDesire, to whom I had never got the number of. I needed to see if Amber had seen her or knew her number.
"Well, the bar was mostly empty, only like seven customers all shift. But I had my friend Hien there, so we mostly just hung out, talking about our weekends."
That didn't help me much. Hien was a gender-neutral name, I probably knew four Hiens of either gender. That didn't tell me much, but the name did sound familiar.
"Telling stories about me now, have we?"
"Well, yes. Yes I have been...But only to Hien though, she was impressed, its not usual I get to out-do one of her stories."
I softy laughed, while thinking,'she was impressed'.
"Is she the photographer?" I asked.
"Well, she usually is the photograph."
"I'm sorry?" I gave her a raised eyebrow.
"She's a model, so people are usually taking pictures of her. She doesn't like the word 'model' though, so she just tells people that 'she is the photograph, if she is not in it then there is no picture.'
"Oh, sounds charming." I said, with a twitch of my lips.
Then it hit me.Right. Hien was the name of the girl who friended me on Facepagegram last night. The artsy one, with all the model shots. She was cute, in that teenage rebellion sort of way, granted their rebellions are a little later in life here in Vietnam. Something about 'helicopter parents' having an explosive effect on their kids once they finally break free in their twenties, the ones that survive it at least...And apparently she trades sex stories with Amber.Interesting.
"Yeah, but she is mostly joking. I don't think she is really serious, but it does sound kind of cool though, so she likes saying it."
I moved my hand over to Amber's legs and started reaching down to look for the hem of her dress but just then the waitress returned with our bottle of wine. She uncorked it and gave us the taster. I took the glass with my free hand and tasted it. Everything was fine, so she poured us our glasses, and set down the bottle.
As she walked away, I noticed people coming out from the balcony a little hurriedly, and instantly knew why. It had started raining.Haha, suckers. That bribe not looking so good now, huh?
Now here is something I have not talked about yet, but which is vitally important to know about living in Vietnam. It rains. There's this movie - you probably know it - where a character told the audience about how one day it started raining, and it didn't stop... Yea, that shits true. No truer, words have been spoken. It fucking rains...And we all drive motorbikes, not nice water-proof cars. Right now it didn't seem to be coming down that hard though, but that could easily change.
"It started raining." I told Amber.
"Oh. Darn. I did not bring a jacket, I'm going to get all wet." She flashed her mischievous eyes towards me and then I felt her hand slide over my junk, softly moving her hand over my dick.
I think she was wet already.
"Oh, no!" I said in mocking concern. "That means we will be stuck here all night, how will we ever pass the time."
I leaned in and with my free hand I lifted my glass of wine in salute, while my hand at her knee had finally found the slit in her dress and slid a finger on her leg's bare skin. She returned the gesture, and our glasses clinked, with a high pitched ring, and her grasp around my dick tightened, and we each took a sip of our wine. It was good wine. I'm not good enough to describe it, but I know its red, just like Amber.
I had to ask. "So did you see Cici again this weekend?"
Her smile turned vulpine and her hand at my dick started rubbing. "No, I don't see her that often. We are both so busy, and we usually work at different kinds of bars or clubs. Friday was the first time I had seen her in a while, and only then because Mai had asked her to be there."
"Why?" I asked, trying to play coy myself.
"It was going to be a busy night. They were sure to make a lot of money."
"That the only reason why?" Ok, maybe that was a touch too abrupt.
Amber just gave me a confused look, before we were interrupted by the waitress bring over our antipasti, our starter, calamari. Not squid, like they sell on the streets here, calamari. We thanked Phuong, but before she could even turn around, Amber's hand released my cock, and came out from under the table. She picked up and fork and speared a squid with it. The waitress's eyes followed the path her hand had come from but her attention was distracted when Amber brought the food up to her mouth. Apparently, she like what she tasted, because her eyes closed and she moaned in pleasure, doing some very appealing things with that dress from my point of view. Apparently, shereallyliked it, her foot replaced her hand and crawled up in between my legs, now rubbing the inside of my thigh.
The waitress had noticed Amber's minorfoodgasm, but didn't comment, I'm pretty sure I did see a glimmer of something in her eye, though, before she turned and walked away, back to her job.
"This is so good!" Amber said to me, spearing another squid.
I decided to try one before they were all gone. Again, not complaining, I'm happy when a woman eats on a date. A hungry woman is a grumpy woman, a full woman gets filled. So I'm happy she was enjoying it, and was not allergic to fried foods. We emptied the plate in minutes.
"So what were you asking about Mai and Cici?" She asked me, between bites.
"Oh." I thought quickly, while chewing.
Can't screw this up.I looked around us to see if there was anyone close enough to hear. The only person I could see was a man sitting with his back to us at a table nearby. After it had started raining outside, the restaurant staff had to move a few tables around to fit everyone from outside into the dining area. Therefore, this table had been set up for him and his date closer to us than it normally would have been. He was reading the menu, while an empty chair across him sat waiting for his date to come back, presumably, from the bathroom, trying to assess the rain-damage. I figured we were fine.
"Ok," I said rather quickly, scooting in closer to Amber, which had an extra bonus of moving her foot further towards my groin, and I lowered my voice to a whisper, looking her in the eyes as her hand joined her foot at my leg.
"You were there. What was all that about on Friday? Mai and Cici gave me a free bag of...weed" I said lowering my voice even more. "...And apparently, it's magic. It gave us the best sex I've had in years. Why'd they give that to me? It wasn't for the money. They didn't want any."
"I don't know." She said as I studied her eyes. I couldn't read her expression. Was she nervous about the question? Was she being honest? I couldn't decide. But she went on.
"You really think its magic?" She asked with a small laugh. But I noticed her eyes flicker around us. Then she returned to her usual playful tone.
"I guess, men always think their first time with a woman is magical. I'm flattered that you thought so highly about our night together." Her hand started moving against my growing hard-on again.
"I don't know if it really is magic," it was my turn to say, "but a lot of magical things have happened to me sense I got it.
"Oh? Like hundreds of women?" She said with a giggle, flashing her mischievous eyes at me again.
"I told you, four."
She laughed a little harder, before seeing my face, and abruptly stopping. Her smile slowly fading.
"Oh. Four? Who?"
I better be right about my lack-of-jealousy theory.
"You and Cici."
"Ok, and...?" Her smile was gone now.
Moment of truth.
"My Ex and another housemate." I said and waited for the explosion, at least it was raining harder outside, that should muffle the sound...granted, it was also going to keep us trapped in here, if things turned poorly.Good idea, Idiot.
Amber paused for a moment, now just looking confused, "Your Ex? Isn't she in France or something?"
"She was. After dropping you off, I found her on my doorstep. Apparently, she had just flown in and needed a room."
"...And you gave her one?"
"Yes."
"Is that why you didn't call me all day?" Her hand disappeared from my pants.
"No. I really did sleep sixteen hours or something about that. You really did drain me." I tried for a joke.Yea, that's what this situation needs, Jokes. Idiot.
"But you slept with her." That was definitely not a question.
"Not at first. She tried, but I stopped myself, and we had a big fight. I went up to my roof to smoke, she followed me up and we shared a joint, and one thing led to another and we did. Yes, we did sleep together. I'm telling you though, there is something magical about the weed. She started following my commands, and she has become a very different person than she was before. I can tell."
"Or she's lying to you." Amber's eyes were getting very narrow, a danger sign.
"I don't think so, she was pretty convincing, I don't think she was lying to me."
Amber rolled her eyes, "Why not, you are lying to her."
"I...Wait, what? No, I'm not."
"Oh? Did you tell her about me?" I could see the anger growing in her eyes, here we go.
"Yes, and she likes you, she set us up on this date."
That took the wind out of her sails, the anger vanished, her eyes widened in surprise, and she blurted out, "What?"
"She was there while we were messaging and she really likes you. She wants to meet you. She probably would have been here now, but I told her she couldn't be."
"How long was she there during our messaging? Last night?" Looking more nervous now than angry. She was probably worried about the pictures she had sent me last night.
"No, not last night. I was alone last night while we were talking."
"Oh. Good." She said in relief, as she looked down to something under the table.
"She did see the pictures you sent yesterday morning, however." I said trying to hide a smile. "She said 'you looked Hot'."
Amber looked up at me for a moment, confused, I could see her thinking, then it hit her, and her face fell down into her hands giggling, she looked at me trying to hide her face in her hands, but her blush was plainly visible.
Our waitress chose that moment to arrive with our pizzas. Amber dropped her hands back down to her lap, but the blush remained on her face the entire time our plates were set in front of us, and our pizzas cut.
Before the waitress left, I ordered another bottle of wine, somehow this one was already empty, and made sure she was safe enough distance away before turning back to Amber.
"Oh please, don't give me that. After what happened Friday, I don't think either of us can really be embarrassed by PDA." I said with a smirk.
Amber gave a nervous laugh as she lifted a slice of pizza up to her mouth, "Yeah, it was kind of a wild night, wasn't it."
"Ha, that's one way to put it. And after that, you still don't believe in magic?"
Her eyes closed again in enjoyment as she tasted her first real pizza, followed by another moan, and this time, her foot made contact with crotch, I winced. Luckily she had gotten rid of her shoe first.
"I didn't say I don't believe in magic." Her toes started wiggling and digging into my dick. "But there are different kinds of magic."
"What are you doing?" I hissed as I tried to pull out of her reach, but only getting maybe an extra inch of space. I hadn't really been hard during our near-argument, not even with Amber's hand groping me and all the talk of Amber's nude pictures, nor the thought of Amber and Thuy together. Nope, hadn't gotten hard at all. Not until Amber stuck her foot right on my dick.
Showing me that I could not escape her, Amber's toes only dug in deeper finding that extra inch and started giving me afoot-massageunder the table, her toes running up along my shaft, as she ate another slice.
"I am showing you that you still can be nervous about PDA, even after last Friday. Just as I can be." Amber said as she flashed me her trade-marked, devious smile through her enjoyment of tasting the pizza.Right, this was a woman paid to flirt with men, and she knew what she was doing.
Then thedamnedwaitress came back over to our table with the new bottle of wine. Look, Phuong was a great waitress just doing her job, but why to they always have to pick the most awkward times to come back to the table. And I, personally, think getting a footjob under the table counted as an awkward time.
"Everything ok? How is the food?" She must have seen a look in my face because she pressed the issue, "Is everything to your satisfaction, any issues?"
"No, thank you the foot is excellent." Did I say 'foot'? Idiot.
I'm not sure if she noticed anything happening, like I said she was a professional, but if she did notice anything, she didn't let it reach her face.
Amber cut in, "This is delicious, I've never had pizza as good. Though, I think we should have gotten sausage to add to it."
As she said that, her hand slipped under the table again and grasped my now hard dick, and she squeezed. Her eyes were held on the waitress as she added, "I always think you can never have enough sausage, don't you agree?"
Phuong couldn't have helped but notice what Amber was doing but just gave her best straight-faced smiled and said, "Yes, I always enjoy sausage on my pizza too, the harder the better. I can get you some on the side if you wish."
"Oh, yes! That would be fantastic, thank you." Amber exclaimed with another squeeze on my dick.
"Then I will go get some and you enjoy your dinners." Her eyes turned to me, "I hope the foot satisfies you."
Did she just say 'foot' too? Sometimes it real hard to tell the difference between their "t's and d's". Or was she just teasing me too? Or maybe she might even think I was correcting her, and genuinely trying to pronounce 'food' correctly. Who knows?
I felt Amber push deeper onto my cock with her foot making sure I flinched in front of the waitress.
I managed, "Thank you" to hide a jerk of my body, as the waitress' smile deepened slightly, before she finally turned away and went back to her station.
The pressure from Amber's foot eased up a touch, but it still hovered there waiting to strike again.
I had to know one thing from her at least, "Did Mai ask you to flirt with me?"
Her foot disappeared, and she sat back up and focused solely on her food. She looked upset.
"No." As she took another bite. Her hand now back on top of the table.
Don't trust anyone, Ben.
"Ok, I just had to know." Was all I said, and turned my attention back to my food as well.
"Mai doesn't ask." She said quietly.
We sat in silence for the next couple of minutes, both enjoying our pizzas and wine, and each definitely not thinking about the other's motives. Phuong arrived with a side of sausage, all chopped up into pieces and I could sympathize. After a few minutes of quiet eating and finishing the dinner, Amber asked a passing busboy where the 'ladies room' was, thanking him after getting the information. She announce to the table that she needed to powder her nose and made a production of standing up, checking to make sure her dress was in order.
She leaned down to me and gave me a soft kiss on the cheek, "I'll be right back."
"I'll be here waiting."
She flashed me a small smile before gracefully turning and walking away. Even though I knew she worked for Mai, and was probably angry at me, I couldn't help but watch Amber walk away, loving that dress more with each step she took. I hoped I hadn't ruined the night with my questions, but I had to know the answers that had been piling up.
I briefly wondered if she was going to disappear and just leave the restaurant, but I doubted she was making a break for it right now. Even if she had wanted to, the rain was now coming down pretty hard, and it left us effectively 'trapped'. I hadn't brought a jacket either, just the flimsy raincoat in my bike. The guy in front of me had though, a nice leather one, sitting on the back of his chair, with a hoodie on the back. I noticed his date was gone again too, maybe they had also gotten into a fight.
- - -
DESSERT
- - -
While Amber was gone, Phuong walked over to check to see how we were doing and I told her we were doing great. Her eyes noticed Amber's empty seat but didn't say anything about this either.
"If you need anything, please let me know." She said as she walked away again, hips moving with every step.
Amber was gone just long enough for me to start to wonder if she had actually decided to brave the storm and escape, but then I saw her weaving through the tables towards me again. While she walked, she was looking everywhere but me. Had I upset her enough to not want to look at me?
With one last look around, before finally meeting my gaze with an evil, little look in her eyes I have seen before, Amber slid back into booth with no preamble this time. Instead of taking her seat though, she continued her slide all the way under the table cloth, and disappeared under the table in one graceful move.
I quickly did a scan of the room myself. It didn't seem that anyone was paying attention to us. The place was pretty packed due to the rain, and everyone was focused on their own dates and food. So maybe if no one was paying close enough attention, they might think Amber was still in the restroom. I hoped.
I did look for the waitress however, to make sure she wasn't going to interrupt either, and couldn't find her at first until I spotted her walking out of the hallway leading from the bathroom and head into the kitchen.
I didn't have any more time to look around however, because at that moment I felt Amber's body slip in between my legs. I tried not to jump when I felt her fingers grasp a hold of my second best belt, the first being still lost somewhere in Giang's room. Luckily, Amber didn't seem to be in the mood to rip this pair of pants off. She was too busy unbuckling my belt and slowly guiding my zipper open, releasing the bulge in my pants. I had been hard enough tonight, to have left a coat of pre-cum on the inside of my boxers. When she released my zipper she also release the smell. She must have liked it though, because the next thing I knew, her hand was digging my cock out of my boxers and her tongue was licking the tip of my cock clean of my pre-cum.
I tried to not let my face react, as Amber's mouth closed about the head and her tongue started swirling. Then as if pulled by a magnet, her head started sliding down my shaft. I guess she hadn't had enough dinner, because she was still clearly hungry enough to swallow my cock whole. She attacked me with a passion reminiscent of the club the other night. I felt her nose bury itself in my pubic hair, her tongue rubbing the underside of my shaft. Then with a forceful suck, she pulled her head back up. I heard her head hit the table, making the silverware jingle. The sound wasn't too loud though, someone may have just hit the table with their knee.
I slipped one of my hands under the table put it on top of her head to act as a buffer. I didn't want her to hurt herself.
Almost as if my hand was a gesture of permission, Amber really got to work now. I felt one of her hands grasp my balls and squeeze as her head came back down my shaft. I couldn't stop myself, I moaned.
She kept a firm hold on my balls as her head came back up sucking, and then back down licking. Rinse and repeat. She didn't have enough room under the table to pull all the way out easily, so instead of working my head, she worked my balls. She rolled them together, softly squeezing, and pulled down on my sack whenever she sucked up my shaft. The faster her head moved, and tighter she squeezed. There is a fine line between pain and pleasure, and Amber was at an expert at not crossing it. I had stopped caring about what my face looked like.
Phuong chose this moment to come on over and collect our empty plates.
"How was everything tonight?" She asked with her professional smile.
Amber gave my sack another little squeeze.
"Very good, thank you" I said, trying not to flinch.
Amber's mouth sucked down my shaft again, this time I felt her esophagus. She didn't pull back she just kept trying to push deeper.
"Is your date alright? She has been in the restroom for a bit now." Phuong seemed concerned.
Amber's head made a final push down on my cock and I felt it when my head popped passed her esophagus and down into her throat, I couldn't hold it much longer.
I couldn't help it, I moaned, "Yes, she is good" in answer to the waitress.
Amber now sucked with her whole body.
"She just had something stuck in her throat, she went to go pick it out." I added, most likely doing a horrible job with my poker-face, as I knew I was about to explode.
Amber now gave my sack a particularly tight squeeze.
"Is there anything else I can get for you tonight? Another bottle of wine? Coffee? Dessert?
I exploded down Amber's throat as she inhaled every spurt.
"YES!" I moaned a bit too loudly, but then caught myself and lowered my voice, "Yes, dessert would be lovely, could we get a menu?"
Just at that moment, Amber -damn her- decided to pull off my dick and then dig herself out from under the table, leaving my cold, wet, deflating cock out under the table and outing me as a liar to the waitress. She slithered back up onto the seat holding a cloth napkin.
"Look, Honey. I found it!" She held up the napkin to her mouth, and started wiping her mouth with it, then looking at the waitress with innocent eyes, she said, "Sorry, I dropped my napkin under the table, and just had to get it. Yes, dessert would be lovely."
The waitress now was having a difficult time holding her own poker-face.
"Yes, that often happens in these booths. The room must be slanted, things always roll under the tables. I'm sorry for any inconvenience, mam, we could have gotten you a new napkin. Is your throat ok? You're date seemed to think you had something stuck in it."
"Oh! No, not problem at all. I'm always a 'do it yourself' kind of gal, anyway, so I just had to pull it out." Amber said, giving the waitress her favorite smile.
"I can see that. Well, I hope you are not too full, we have a delightful selections of desserts. I will bring you the menu." Face almost cracking, she fled back to her section.
Once she was gone, I brought my hands under the table and tried to stuff my cock back in my pants and fix my belt and zipper without making too much a scene. I think I got it mostly taken care of by the time the waitress had come back, her neutral mask back in place, and offered us the dessert list.
I chose a ricotta cheesecake with strawberries, while Amber ordered a pair of cannolis.
"And what would you like those filled with?" The waitress asked. "Italian Cream Stuffed or Chocolate Chip?
"The Italian Cream, please. That sounds delicious."
"Yes, mam, it is." She turned her attention back to me. "So, we are getting a Strawberry Cheesecake and a Cream-Stuffed Cannoli," her eyes flicking to Amber as she said the last. Very good, mam. Sir." She turned again to place our order her ass shaking with her silent laughter.
"Mmm. Yes, Sir, it does sound delicious." Amber said leaning her head towards me.
I liked the way she called me 'Sir'. I leaned in too and kissed her. Just a short kiss for now, my tongue might have tickled her lips.
"What was all of that about?" I asked her.
"I was still hungry, and I wanted to see if I could embarrass you, what with you being immune to PDA now." She said with a glint in her eye.
"Well, if you are so hungry, maybe I can get you another course."
"No, dessert will be lovely enough. I still have to save room for later." She threw me a wink.
After a few moments silence, out came, "I thought I had upset you and that our date would be over."
"No, I'm not upset, but please, don't ask me questions I can not answer. I can't keep blowing you to keep you distracted. We won't always have this lovely table to hide under."
Her face look like she was joking, but her eyes had lost that glint.
"I'm sorry."
"Oh? Was the blowjob that bad, that you are sorry?" The glint came back.
"No! It was excellent, I'm just worried dessert wont be as good after."
She laughed as our desserts were delivered to our table.
"Here is your cheesecake, sir, and your cannoli, mam. I hope the cream is to your satisfaction."
"Oh, it will be, I love Italian Cream."
"Enjoy."
I watched the waitress walk away again (what? she had a great ass), before taking a bite of my cheesecake. As I was savoring the sweet texture of the cake, I looked at Amber who was holding one of the cannolis up to her face like a hot dog and she didn't know how to eat it. She was holding it up to her lips, the baked tube spilling cream from the end, and she saw me looking.
"What?"
"Nothing, that is just bringing back memories." I said to her, giving her my own devilish smile.
She burst into soft giggles, before reaching out her tongue and licking away some of the white cream spilling out of the side of the cannoli.
"Mmm, delicious, but I've had better." She said before sliding her hand down under the table again to my cock and gave it another squeeze. Then she stuffed the whole end of the cannoli into her mouth and bit down.
I winced in sympathetic pain, and tried to cover it with another bite of my cake.
After swallowing the massive load of cannoli she had just devoured, she turned back to me.
"Very delicious."
She had cream covering her lips. I leaned in and gave her another kiss, and I licked a bit of cream off the side of her mouth.
"Yes, quite tasty."
She laughed again as she brought her napkin up to her face and wiped it off.
"Oh no! My face is covered in cream." She said snickering at her own joke.
"...And not all of it Italian. Here try some cheesecake." I offered her.
I took a scoop with my fork, making sure to get some of the strawberry and lifted it to her lips. Her mouth closed around my fork and her eyes shut again pleasure.
"Oh my god! That is amazing!" And faster than I could react, she slid my plate in front of her and dug her fork in.
"I love strawberry." She said after another bite. Her hand coming down to my crotch again, and started to try to get me hard again. "They always make me feel like I'm glowing."
My dick started glowing again too. Man, this girl was a great tease.
To hide my reaction, I reached over and took her plate with the remaining cannoli and took my own bite of her dessert. It was good, but cannolis aren't really my favorite. I didn't care right now though, because I was enjoying the site of Amber apparently having another foodgasm while she was rubbing my cock under the table. I've had worse desserts.
Soon, the food was gone though, and we sat back relaxing and enjoying the experience. I noticed it had mostly stopped raining outside now, and people were taking the opportunity to pay and leave before it could start again. It was a good idea, but I needed to use the bathroom and clean myself up before we could leave.
I leaned over and kissed Amber again, and told her I would be right back, then I slid myself out of the booth and headed my way to the bathroom, passing the man with the cool leather jacket whose date had never returned. I guess their fight was worse than ours. I liked his jacket though, but it looked familiar.
Once I got to the bathroom, I entered a stall and pulled down my pants to piss. After I finished, I took the opportunity to readjust my boxers and pants, cleaning up any mess Amber had left, washed my hands, and returned out to the dining room. As I approached our table though, I made eye-contact with the man sitting alone, and he also looked familiar. His eyes held mine as I walked by, was he a parent at the school? Why was he alone? Something felt weird to me.
I got to the booth, just as Phuong was arriving with the check.
"How was everything tonight?"
"Delicious." Amber said.
"And the Italian Cream, was that up to your satisfaction?"
"I preferred the cheesecake, I like his cannoli better." Amber said gesturing to me, throwing the waitress a wink.
"That must be some cannoli, if it can beat our Italian Cream." The waitress joked back.
"Oh it is, I can give you my number, if you ever want to take me up on my offer and try it." Amber almost sounded innocent.
"I might have to take you up on that some time. I do enjoy a good cannoli. Well, here is your check, Sir. I hope you had an enjoyable dinner tonight. We look forward to seeing you again."
I watched her ass again as she walked away. Why is it that all my girls were trying to pimp me out like some stud.
The bill was about as I expected. I counted out enough cash to leave a tip, and set it on top of the bill. They don't usually tip in Vietnam, but I figured the girl was good at her job, and she didn't make a scene about us making a scene, not to mention, she really did have a cute ass.
Amber took the bill out from under the money and I saw as her eyes got wide at seeing the price. Then her eyes moved up to mine and she gave me a beautiful smile.
"Thank you for dinner." Was all she said though.
"You are worth it." I responded.
"Do you have a pen?"
"Umm." I was thrown by the random question. I reached my hands into my pants and found that I did have one. "Yes, I do."
I handed it to her. And she started writing something at the bottom of the bill.
"Thank you for your advice, If you ever want to try Ben's cannoli call me, Amber, at (+84) 5555-55555."
"What advice?" I was confused.
"Oh, we had a little talk in the ladies' room. She had seen our disagreement and come in to ask me if everything was ok. She hoped that nothing had fallen off our table, and said that kind of thing happened too often and sometimes it ruined dates."
"You think she was telling you to blow me?"
"I do. I think she wants to taste your sausage."
"Then why wouldn't you just give her my number then?" I asked Amber, laughing.
"Because I want to be there when she tries it, see how well she likes it. Plus, she has a cute butt, I want to spank it." Amber threw me a wink.
That thought got me worked up again. So, Amber was open to sharing, and she wasn't even drunk or stoned this time.Interesting.
Phuong came over and took the money. She thanked me for the tip, giving me a rather stunning smile as she did. She was about to turn away, but had just seen Amber's note. She turned her attention to Amber, and gave her the same smile.
"I will be sure too." Phuong then winked and walked away.
Amber and I both stood up from the table, and while I was fixing my coat I noticed that the man sitting next to us was gone. Why did he seem so familiar? While I was pondering, Amber walked over to the balcony and stuck her head out taking a look. She then came back over to me.
"The rains stopped for now, we should go before it starts again."
- - -
THE CHASE
- - -
We walked down the stairs and out to the front of the restaurant. I had Amber wait for me while I went to collect the bike. I handed the attendant my ticket and gave him the 10,000 dong he asked for. As I was unlocking my bike and getting out the helmets I noticed a car idling down the street with its lights on. Ignoring that, I walked the bike over to where Amber was standing and handed her a helmet. I also dug out my raincoat out of the interior compartment just in case.
As she was putting her helmet on, she asked me, "So where to next?"
I looked at my watch, [21:23]. "Well I had planned on driving around the lake for a bit, so we could talk and get to know each other better, but after the rain, I'm not sure if that's still a good idea. If not that, then we have been invited back to my house, my landlady is having a late dinner party for the other residents and she said she'd like to meet you."
"I like that idea," she gave me a beautiful smile, "but now that the rain has stopped it's a rather lovely night. Let's drive around for a little before we head back to your place. My mom wants me home by midnight, but it's ok if I am late." Finishing off with her mischievous grin. I then watched as she took off her white shirt, so not to get it dirty, and handed it to me to store away in the bike.
"Well then, sounds like a plan. Hop on." I directed her, after stowing away her shirt.
She slid in behind me again, wrapping her arms around my chest, and kissing me on the cheek. As soon as she was situated, I started the engine and turned down a small neighborhood street that ran along side the lake. I was in no hurry this time. I was simply enjoying the post-dinner/post-blowjob glow with Amber wrapped around my waist on a beautifully cool Hanoi night. Even though the rain had stopped, the air was still pretty humid however, and the streets were rather wet. Any bike in front of us would spray us with dirty street water being thrown from their tires. Every time this happened, Amber tried to hide behind me as to not get any mud on her beautiful dress. For my part I tried to cover my legs, at least, with the plastic bag that doubled as a rain coat.
Regardless, it was still a beautiful night. I couldn't see any stars, no one ever could in Hanoi. Between the light pollution of a big city, the air pollution normal to Vietnam skies, and the rain clouds still hanging above, I would have been more surprised if I had seen any stars. But with Amber on my bike, it didn't bother me either. She was enough to make the night wonderful.
Then something black flew maybe a foot passed my face. My first thought was 'bird' but I quickly realized it was a bat. I tracked the flying mammal flap it's way around us and then behind us. It was only then that I noticed a car was behind us. I wasn't sure if he had seen us or if we had been blocking his way with our slow, casual pace. Either way, I figured I could stop and let him pass, I was enjoying our night and didn't want to rush. So I pulled up onto a sidewalk over looking the lake and let the black car pass. Amber took a moment to stare out into the night. I heard her say "beautiful" again as she snuggled her head into my shoulder.
"Yes, you are." I told her and she gave me a little squeeze around the chest, and a hand wandered down to my pants.
But we were not the only lake-gazers out tonight, I could see at least five other bikes relatively close. It was quiet, but we were too public to do much more, right here at least. I started up my bike again and passed the other couples parked. I did notice however, that one of these couples weren't bothering to be very discreet. I got a glimpse of the man with his pants already open as we drove by.
I think Amber must have seen him too, because she started giggling and both her hands now moved down to the front of my pants under the raincoat, trying to distract my driving.
It must have worked, because I didn't notice when another car came up behind us again. There wasn't a good spot to pull over this time, but I did stop on the side of the road to let him pass. As the car got closer, I thought it was the same one that had passed us a few minutes before but that didn't make sense.
As the car slowly passed, I got a look at the driver this time and it set off my paranoia. It looked just like the guy sitting by himself at dinner, the one with the cool jacket...the same kind of jacket that I had seen earlier at the school on that dad waiting on his car...the same kind of car, now passing us, a black sedan with silver trimmings.
I stopped and gaped for a moment, putting pieces together. Had this man been following me all day? First at school, then on my date at the restaurant, and now seemingly following us on our casual drive around the lake? Why would he be? My mind went to my pocket concealing the weed.Oh shit.Could he be a cop? But that didn't track. If he simply wanted to arrest me, he easily could of, I was holding drugs that could get me into a lot of trouble, after all. But that didn't explain why he'd just been following me all day, in secret. My paranoia was going crazy. What else could it be then? I hadn't left my apartment all weekend until now, not since...
...Friday. Not since I had been given the magic weed, given to me by Mai. Mai, the daughter of a crime lord. Could she be what all this is about? Could she be having Amber and I followed? That kind of tracked.
I turned my head to follow the car driving slowly away and asked Amber, "Do you know that guy?" Maybe he was an ex of Amber's and was stalking her.
"Who? The driver?" She sounded confused.
"Yea, the driver of that car. Do you recognize him?"
"No, why would I?" She sounded genuine.
"Because I think he has been following me all day. I saw him this afternoon sitting outside my school when I left and he was sitting near us at dinner."
"Was he?". She asked, now a little skeptical.
"Yea, I'm pretty sure it's the same guy, they had the same jacket on, and I think he is also driving the same car that just passed up a couple minutes ago."
"That's weird." Amber said, now a bit suspicious herself.
"You know what, I'm going to head the other way." I turned the bike in a U-turn and headed down the path we had come.
Behind us, I saw the car's break lights turn brighter as the car stopped, and right before I turned the corner I could have sworn I saw him start to turn around too. I accelerated the bike and tried to get as much distance between us as I could.
We were on a small street that just ringed the lake, there weren't many options to where would could head right now, aside from 'away'. All the other options were people's homes or businesses closed for the night. So my only hope was to put distance between us and hope we could lose him in the night.
As we turned another bend around the lake, Amber saw headlights from a car speeding up behind us.
"I think that's him." She said, worry now in her voice.
"Hang on!" I said loud enough for her to hear. I waited just long enough to feel her tighten her hold around my chest, and I twisted my handle bar to its maximum acceleration. My motorbike wasn't the fastest around, but I had found a mechanic who did wonders for my bike. I tended to ride my bikes hard, and my mechanic saw to it that my bike rarely ever failed me. All I had to be worried about right now was getting a flat tire. That would put a quick end to my attempted escape.
Well, I also had to worry about the wet roads. The two extra tires on a car gave it a lot more traction on wet roads, so driving a motorbike, one always had to make sure a wheel wouldn't go sliding and taking the driver down with it. But as I had said earlier, it rains a lot in Hanoi, and I had plenty of practice driving in it. By now I saw myself as an expert. I started gliding around curves in the street, making sure not to take them too quickly or not at too sharp of angles.
It didn't matter though how fast my bike was or how well I drove, no motorbikes could outrun a car and this street did nothing to hide our path. I saw the car getting closer behind me, now not bothering hiding. He had obviously realized we had spotted him. Now it was a full on chase.
I thought quickly, I needed to get off this road and either lose him in the giant spider-web of alleys that were neighborhoods here in Hanoi. Or I could make it onto the main road and try to out run him. At the moment, there weren't many good options for losing him in neighboring streets, all roads led to the same place here, the lake. So I had to make it to a main street, and luckily there was one about a mile ahead. Just had to get there.
I continued to drive as fast as I could, but behind me Amber kept up the commentary that he was getting closer. Not like I couldn't see.
"What did we do???" Amber yelled over my shoulder, her voice fighting through the cross-wind.
I just shrugged, and focused on getting to the main street. We made it, our back wheel sliding and almost taking us down as I turned onto the street and slipped into traffic. In some parts of town there was always traffic, and this was one of them. Maybe thirty feet behind us now, I saw the black sedan turn onto the street as well, almost taking out an innocent motorbike as it did.
Now in the lights of the busy street, I got a good look at the man, a scowl on his face. Yep, that was definitely him. He did not look happy. I turned my head back to the road ahead of me and started sliding through traffic as if I was late for work, and not being chased by a road-raged car which now looked like it would be happy to just simply run us over. I heard Amber scream something as her grip got tighter around me. I turned my head around just in time to see the car actually hit another motorist this time and send the motorbike crashing down behind it as the car gained another five feet on us.
"Mother Fucker!" I yelled and instinctively stuck up a middle finger above my head. I don't care what country you are in, everyone know that hand signal. The car sped up.Whoops.
"Hold on!" I yelled again to Amber, and slipped in between two more bikes in front of me and then around a car on the inside lane. I was now driving on the solid yellow line, bisecting the road, but it didn't matter. The car chasing us went wide around on the right and got ahead of the car we were hiding behind. The sedan then hit its brakes, and forced the other car to swerve out of the way, almost taking us out as it did.
Amber screamed and I swore, as I swerved into oncoming traffic and weaved between oncoming motorbikes, only visible by their headlights in the night. The sedan followed suit and swung against traffic trying to get ahead of us. Bikes and cars all around us were now honking their horns, trying to let me know where they all were and at the same time telling us to "fuck off." Well, that's fair, and I took their advice.
Right up ahead I saw an on-ramp leading from a lowered side street running parallel to the main street above it. I took the exit and slid down the ramp as if it were a water slide. That earned me another scream from Amber as I almost turned head-on into an approaching bike. I swerved out of its path and turned onto the side street, but now further ahead I saw the car take another side street down as well.
The car had more speed than I did, more weight, more traction on these wet roads, and apparently he had no problem running over other bikes to get to me. In a normal race I was boned. I did have one advantage though. My bike was much smaller and therefore, much more maneuverable. I had to find a way of trapping him and finding an escape after.
So that's what I started trying to do. First, I U-turned again, heading away from the car. I decided to stay on the narrow, one-and-a-half lane side street, figuring it would be much easier to trap him here, but I forgot he could drive faster now with no traffic. He got way too close, almost ten feet behind me. I needed to think fast, I faced forward again just as another car came out from another side street and onto my street almost hitting me as he did.
I yelled as I slammed on my brakes, losing control of my back tire as it swung wide. Somehow I managed not to crash the bike or throw Amber or myself off.Oh right. That's what brakes are for.Instead, the motorbike had slid up onto a small hill between the side street and the main street, stopping mere inches away from boulders dividing the two streets. The car which had almost hit me started honking and his window rolled down and he started yelling at me, as well. I just gave him the finger too, and my eye flicked to the sedan which had also stopped behind this asshole. The sedan's engine revved, and I saw him start to move towards us again.
Getting an idea, I turned my wheel and got ahead of the turning car and sped up leaving both cars momentarily behind, each driver screaming at the other. There was a curve in the road ahead and as soon as we turned around it, I took the first neighborhood street I could find and sped down it too, taking random turns whenever they appeared. After maybe six or seven such turns, I turned off my headlights and continued driving down the small streets slowly. Trying not to be noticed. After a couple more turns, we had thoroughly buried ourselves in a maze of neighborhood streets and we stopped and listened. I didn't hear any cars or horns, it sounded like a quiet Monday night in Hanoi.
Behind me, Amber whispered, "You think we lost him?"
I listened for a couple more minutes, still not hearing anything before I answered.
"Maybe, but he might just be waiting for us at the beginning of the neighborhood. Not a lot of other ways to get out of here. He might just be waiting for us to make a mistake."
"So what do we do?" She asked, with panic in her voice now.
"We need to find a place to lay-low for a bit and try to wait him out and give ourselves time to think." I answered.
"Where?"
"I have an idea." I turned the engine back on, making sure my lights were still off and turned around back the way we had just come.
- - -
HIDE AND SEEK
- - -
Maybe two turns later, I found what I had thought we passed earlier. It looked almost like any other building surrounding it except for two things, a sign outside its sunken garage and a purple light on above the doorway. I turned around and gave Amber a raised eyebrow.
She stared at the building for a moment, then gave me the same look, clearly not amused.
"Here?" She said, voice dripping with sarcasm.
"Yea, they are open. The lights on." I answered innocently.
"You know what this place is, right?" She now said with a smirk.
"I've heard stories..." I replied just as innocently.
"It's a hooker hotel." I saw danger in her eyes.
"No, that's just a bad name for it. It's a hotel where husbands can stay the night after their wives kick them out of their houses."
"And where they can find hookers!" Amber hissed while still trying to keep her voice down. "You actually pay by the hour here!"
I looked her in the eye, and said with my most poker-straight face, "You seem to know a lot about these types of places."
She just glared at me. I couldn't hold it, my smirk appeared.
"Look, it's a good place to hide out for a couple hours, and let us catch our breath."
She looked like she was going to argue, but then I saw her take a deep breath and she just said, "Fine".
I turned the bike back on and drove up to the garage entrance. As I did, I saw a light turn on inside and the garage door started opening up. I drove the bike inside as the door started closing again. Amber had not been wrong about these kinds of places. These were short-term, usually hourly, hotels that primarily catered to a certain type of Vietnamese husband, who would prefer it if their wives not find out where they were. Therefore the managers of these kinds of hotels relied on discretion as their number one priority. The garage door swiftly closed behind us.
I parked the bike in an open space. The garage was not filled, but neither was it empty. Amber got off the back and flung the helmet at me. I locked up the helmets and locked the bike, and tried to give her a comforting smile as we both started walking to the door leading inside. I took her arm and whispered, "let's try to play the parts at least."
She glared at me again, but nodded her understanding, and we walked through the door into the lobby. Against the back wall was the counter with the manager standing waiting for us, and sitting opposite from him in a row of chairs were three women, all dressed like they were going out for the night. But their make-up wasn't great and their clothes looked cheap. I guessed that they were here to offer a comforting shoulder to any distressed husband coming in. They didn't pay much attention to me, seeing as I brought my own girl, but they did give challenging looks to Amber. I could almost hear their thoughts, 'Oh, dressed like that she must be a working-girl too, but why couldn't they afford a better room than this dump?'
The manager welcomed us in anyway and said a greetings in Vietnamese. But then noticing I was a foreigner, his welcoming smile got even wider. If this had been a cartoon, his eyes might have turned into dollar-signs. I call it the "white-tax" here in Hanoi, they see foreigners and they figure they can try to gouge us. After years here, I was used to being told prices double or sometimes even triple what locals paid, and usually I had to haggle them down to a more appropriate price. But in a place like this and the time it was, I guessed that the manager figured I was only here out of some urgency, and seeing the woman I was with, he knew what kind of emergency it was. He knew he could gouge me on the price and I wouldn't bother haggling. He was right, even if his reasons were wrong.
We walked up to him and greeted him ourselves, Amber did most of the talking and arranged a room for two hours. When the manager told her the price, her eyes narrowed, and she started doing some fast talking. I got lost in the speed in which she talked, but I knew she was haggling. The manager kept throwing in new prices progressively lower. Finally, Amber turned back to me with anger in her eyes.
"He says he won't go lower than 400,000 dong, even the room is worth less than 200k."
"That's fine." I said as I pulled out my wallet and found a 500k note - which was worth around $25 USD.
I slapped it on the counter and told him to keep the change. The manager's face broke out into a grin again. He seemed more than happy with the tip and he reached under the counter and pulled out a gift basket wrapped in plastic, which he handed to me. Then he clicked away on his computer and he asked us for our names.
Now in Vietnam, hotels are supposed to take ID to check anyone in, especially foreigners, something about knowing where everyone was at all times, but money always seemed to speak louder than passports, especially in shady dumps like this one. I told him my name was John Smith and Amber was named Jane. He typed it into his computer without asking a further question and then handed us a room key for a room on the third floor. He asked us if we needed anything else, vaguely motioning to one of the girls sitting behind us. We politely declined and he sent us on our way to the staircase.
I followed Amber up the stairs keeping my focus on her tight-as-fuck ass mere inches in front of my face to distract me from the stairs. I hate stairs, but walking up them behind Amber was a totally different experience. My mind flicked back to when I had first met her and first seen her ass, I had wondered if I could bounce a coin off her ass. Maybe if I could get her in a good enough mood, I could find out.Boing.
We reached the third floor and the layout was much the same as my building and most other residential buildings in Hanoi. There were two rooms to a floor, and I could guess which one wasn't ours. The room on the right had loud music playing inside and I could hear a woman laughing. Amber and I walked over to the other door. She unlocked it and found a light switch as she walked in, me following right behind her.
Once the door was shut we both looked around the place. I didn't think it was too bad, even if it could have used a cleaning, but it had everything we could want, a bed, a TV, a radio, and a bathroom.Shit. I've stayed at worse highway motels in the States. For twenty-five bucks this place was a steal.
Amber did not look impressed though. After scanning the room she just turned her glare at me and said, "Is this what I am to you, some common street-whore?"
"Umm. No. If things had been different I would never bring you to a place like this." I told her.
"Uh huh." Was all she gave back to me.
"Look, we are just going to hide out for a little while and try to figure things out?"
"Like what?!" She practically yelled. "What is there to think about. That guy was obviously having a bad night, and something you did must have set him off. He is probably gone by now."
I looked at her for a moment wondering before I answered her, "No, I don't think this was some random road-rage thing. That guy has been following me all day."
"Why would he be?" She said, exasperated now.
"My best guess is that it has something to do with Mai."
Amber froze. Her eyes just staring at me, flicking back and forth between each of my eyes.
"What do you mean?" She eventually asked.
"Oh, please. Enough. I know who Mai is, I have heard stories. She is the daughter of a mob boss and she has her fingers in the drug business. I know she also has a bunch of bars around town, at least one of which you work for, and I know she has a personal vendetta against my Ex. Who, by the way, just arrived home the morning after Mai gave me a bag of brainwashing weed. Do the math. What am I supposed to think about all this."
She just continued to stare at me, "I don't know anything about that."
I laughed. "Really? Because somehow I doubt that. Mai sent you to tease me and 'woo' me, didn't she?"
Amber just nodded.
"And I'm fairly sure you are not a prostitute, or at least I hope not..."
Her eyes flashed in anger. "No, I'm not."
"Good, but then that means there is another reason Mai sent you to me. Why? To keep an eye on me? To manipulate me? To seduce me? What was your job?"
She continued the stare for another ten seconds, before her eyes fell and she sat down on the bed.
"I don't know why."
"Amber...time to answer some questions."
"No! Seriously, I don't know why. All that she told me is to keep you company on Friday night and to make sure you had a good time. That's all she told me."
I didn't believe her, but what was I going to do? I wasn't going to beat the truth out of her, that's for sure. I'm not a psycho. Instead I just looked at her, her eyes refusing to meet mine.
"Fine, don't tell me then." And I went over and sat in a chair by the window. Well it was kind of a chair. It was a low, squat thing with two humps, the hump in back higher than the hump in front. It didn't take a genius to figure out it was some kind of sex chair, but it was the only other place to sit in the room, and at the moment I didn't want to sit on the bed next to Amber.
She looked over to me and saw what I was sitting on. She rolled her eyes and with a "pfff" she stood up and went into the bathroom. I heard the water turn on. I closed my eyes and just reviewed the disaster that the night had become. My wind was still racing with adrenaline and unanswered questions, I needed to slow down. I put my hand to my chest to feel my heart beat, but while I was doing so I also felt a couple of joints in my breast pocket. Oh, right. I had forgotten about bringingDesire. That is just what I needed, something to calm me down, ease my paranoid mind, and take my mind off of things.Exactly what weed is known for...
"Ahh, screw it." I mumbled to myself, and reached in to pull a joint out anyway. I stood up and tried to open the window, but either it had been nailed shut or it was just a crappy design, it only opened an inch or two. I figured weed smoke was not high on the list of demented shit that these walls must have seen, so I lit up anyway, and leaned back on the sex chair to enjoy the smoke.
After my first puff or two, I heard the toilet flush and the sink turn on in the bathroom. It didn't stay on long though, and soon enough the bathroom door opened and Amber walked out. She stood there and just looked at me.
I was leaning back on the squat chair, almost laying down, with one leg bent straight up up on the smaller hump about even with my head and my other leg held bent above it with that foot resting on my knee. Thus situated, I was practically leaning backwards, and had the joint in my lips inhaling. I looked over to Amber standing in the bathroom doorway and grinned.
She just rolled her eyes and walked over towards me, and sat on the corner of the bed maybe a foot away. She didn't say anything, but I could see the familiar mischievous glint back in her eyes. For now, at least, I was amusing her with my antics. Apparently, she also thought that weed was a good idea, because she held out her hand silently asking for the joint. I grinned again and passed it over, but lost my balance in the process. The chair flopped over spilling me onto the floor. Amber thought this was hilarious and she hadn't even taken her hit yet. I sat back up straddling the gap in between the two humps, and pretended I was riding a camel.
"Hey baby, want to ride my camel?"
Maybe she was just humoring me, or maybe the late night toke had hit her quickly after the two bottles of wine earlier, but Amber coughed out a cloud of smoke and started cackling with laughter trying not to cough more from the weed. It kind of worked. She was able to take another hit at least. Then she passed it back to me.
So there we smoked, her sitting on the corner of the bed, her dress right in front of my face, while I was practically sitting on the floor on some see-saw horse contraption of which I didn't have the first clue how it worked. At least, I didn't have a clue until after the joint was done.
Amber leaned down towards me with her hands held out. I finished the last hit and stubbed out the joint on the windowsill, then reached my hands to take hers. She pulled me out of my seat, or rather, she tried to, but ended up more pulling the horse with me. The action made the sex-chair thing pitch forward and almost spilled me out of the chair again. I didn't fall though, but instead was lifted up right to Amber's face level and she leaned in and kissed me. The kiss was short, however, because my chair rocked backwards away from her and I went sliding back into the bigger hump.
"This chair is dangerous." I said, swinging my head around to get a better look at it.
"You have no idea." Amber said, that glint now sparkling in her eyes, as she stood up and took a step in front of my chair. She then put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me back into a lounging position with my back against the larger bump. I watched as she swung a leg around the outside of the chair and started walking towards me, the hem of her dress stretching around her legs with each step. Her hands lifted to her hips, pinched some of the dresses' material and pulled the skirt higher up her legs, giving her more mobility. She continued her slow steps until she was standing over me, her legs on either side of mine, and she sat down, right on my hard-on.
Her hips did a shimmy, grinding her pussy down my clothed erection, her hands returned to my shoulders, and her head leaned in to kiss me. The kiss was soft, yet commanding, with her head above mine. In this position she had all the power, and she used it to go slow. My hands slid up her legs, and slipped under the hem of her dress, pushing it up with my hands passing her thighs and over her hips. It was only now that I realized Amber had gone commando all night long, she had no underwear on again. This chick really seemed to hate underwear.
My dick jumped and she definitely felt it against her bare pussy. She moaned in my mouth and her hands slid down my chest to my groin. She found my dick again and gave it one of her little squeezes before her hand slid up to my belt buckle. She unbuckled it for the second time tonight, and then got to work unzipping my fly.
When she was ready, she stood up, her naked pussy now hanging above me and in clear view of my head, then she took a step back, dragging my pants along for the ride. I tried to help by lifting my hips, but in my present position, I was barely able to lift them more than an inch or two. It still helped though as my pants slipped off my legs, she had even managed to pull my boxers along as well.
I was now half naked sitting on a sex chair my hard-on standing tall in the open air, as Amber stepped back over me and sat her ass on the little hump. Her hands came back to my shoulders as she slowly slid down the decline of the hump, her dress being pulled up even more by the friction. She had aimed perfectly, as she slid down, I directed my cock towards her target and her velvety furnace swallowed my dick in one smooth move.
"Choi Oi!" She cried out to her deity, as my eight inches slid up her with no foreplay needed, she was already soaking.Fuck!She was boiling.
There we sat, pole in hole, Amber's arms at my shoulders and her head above mine, looking down into my eyes. She leaned in and our lips hungrily attacked each other, our tongues dancing. She started grinding her hips onto my dick, riding my camel. She was getting into it, she liked the control. At one point, when I tried to lean her back and take some control myself, she slapped me lightly across the face, to keep me focused on her and an attempt to show me who was boss.
It awoke something in me. Control. She was trying to control me. She was trying to break me in. Make me her ride.
"Amber, Stop!"
She froze, my dick still wedged up her twat.
"What are you doing, Amber?"
"Trying to make you mine."
"Why?"
"Because you broke me on Friday, you used me, you took away my power. I am always the one in charge of men, I know how to control them, withLust."
"Go on." I commanded. This blatant honesty was reminding me of Thuy.
"You lusted after me all night and I was in control, until we smoked and I lost control. You took it."
"WithDesire." It clicked.
"Yes, Cici has a way with drugs. She knows how to manipulate emotions by mixing pheromones in with her product. She can make people more powerful or graceful, more alluring orlustful, or even moredesirable. She helps me with my control by making menlustafter me, and I use that power to break them in. I knew you wanted me, but mydesirefor you was even stronger, and you used that to take me in front of an entire club. No one has ever taken me like that before."
I just looked in her eyes and tried to read her emotions. She was finally answering my questions now because we had smoked together, just as Thuy had done. I hadn't tried giving Amber orders on Friday, had I? I tried to think back, but my memories of that night were too hazy. I had commanded Thuy, and it had seemed to work, but Trinh had thought I had done a sloppy job of it. She had said I was too emotional to make her fully submit. So maybe with Amber I could actually try to be smart about this.
"How does that make you feel?" I asked Amber.
"Scared and horny."
"Are you angry? Do you hate what we did?"
"No, I loved it. It was the best sex I can remember, but I need to be in control."
"Why?"
"Because if I lose control then men hurt me or they leave once they get what they want."
"I haven't left."
"Not yet, that's why I need to regain control. To make sure you won't leave me. I need you. IDesireyou."
"I will never leave you." Now that I was paying attention, I could hear the musical tone of my voice as I told her that. I could tell that the message sunk in, as I felt Amber's muscles relax and she kissed me again, now more lovingly.
"But." I said leaning my head back to break the kiss, a hand reached up and grabbed her by her throat, holding her still. "I am in control, Amber. You are Mine!"
I felt her shiver, and tears came to her eyes.
"Yes." She said softly.
I moved my other hand to her tight-as-fuck ass and squeezed her cheek.
"As long as you are mine, I will never leave you." I pulled her by her beautiful neck towards me and kissed her.
"Yes." She said a little louder.
I bucked my hips sending my dick thrusting up her twat and pushed her back against the smaller hump, my face now over hers. Now I was on top.
"Whose are you?"
"Yours." Tears still in her eyes.
"Whose?!?" I forcefully commanded, as I pulled her hips down the slope further onto my dick.
"Ben's!" She now yelled.
"Say it!"
"I am Ben's!"
"Yes you are." I leaned down to her, still holding her by the throat, and kissed her hard.
I then planted my feet and stood up carrying Amber with me, my dick still lodged up inside her. I carried her around to the other side of the chair, and laid her ass on the larger hump facing me. I kissed her again before I spun her around and threw her face down over the big hump. Her dress had ridden well up passed her hips now but the tail of the dress still covered her ass from my view.
That was easily fixed, however, by my hands taking the hemline and pushing the dress farther down her body, now clumping around her chest. Her perfect ass was now naked to my eyes, and thrust up to the heavens. Who ever had designed this chair was a fucking genius. Her ass was now perfectly at level with my dick, and the angle of her body hanging down the chair's slope made her snatch stretch open.
I brought my hands to her cheeks and started massaging her ass. They were so tight, however, that I could barely even move the skin, it felt as tight as a drum-head. I thought back to Friday and remembered how much she enjoyed my ass play. I smiled to myself. This was going to be fun.
I gave her ass a slap, like I was playing a bingo. It wasn't a hard slap, but I still could feel the sting in my fingers. She felt it too.
"Ben!" Her muffled voice came from under her scrunched up dress. I looked over and could not see her beautiful face.
"You can remove the rest of your dress." I told her and quickly she started shimmying the dress down passed her head and over her arms. The dress had knocked loose the chopsticks in her hair though, and her hair spilled out extra curly now around her head as the dress passed. She then awkwardly tried to throw the dress up onto the bed, and almost made it, but it only hit the edge and rolled off onto the floor.
Amber was now fully naked in front of me for the first time and I effectively had her bent over a barrel. I slapped her ass again and she squeaked.
"Good girl. Now don't move."
I walked over to where my pants had fallen, picked them up and searched my pockets for a moment looking for the desired toy. I found it, but before returning to Amber, I noticed the gift basket the manager had given us, sitting on the bed. I grabbed it and ripped off the plastic, checking out what he had given us. Inside were a roll of condoms, a small tube of lube, some shampoo and soaps, a small red candle that even unlit smelled strong, a small rubber ball attached to a strap, and a plastic cylinder about as big as a AA battery. The cylinder was smooth and had a rounded end almost like a bullet, and on the opposite side was a long string with a little remote on the end. I clicked one of the buttons and the rubber bullet started vibrating strongly. My smirk stretched across my face.
I took the vibrator and the lube out of the basket, and picked up what I had retrieved from my pocket and returned back to behind Amber's ass.
I lifted the large US fifty cent piece that I kept in my pocket for luck above her ass and asked Amber a question.
"Do you know what I thought, the first time you shook your ass in my face?"
"No, but I knew you liked it."
"Oh, yes. Very much. You have the perfect little ass, Amber." I squeezed her cheek again and I heard her moan.
"But my first thought was that 'I could bounce a coin off that ass'. Do you think I could?"
"I don't know, no one has ever tried."
"So then how about we play a little game? If this coin doesn't bounce, you can choose the next position I fuck you in and I will do what you say. If it does bounce, however, I'm going to spend tonight playing with your ass and you are going to answer my questions. Deal?"
"Yes." She said excitedly.
"Good. Now hold still."
I lifted the coin maybe a foot over her ass and threw it down, hitting it exactly as I had hoped, face flat, and it audibly smacked her ass cheek. It bounced maybe six inches. I laughed.
"Hey Amber, your ass is so tight, I CAN bounce a coin off it." And just for good measure, I did it again, this time only getting maybe 3 inches. I laid the coin face down on her ass and pressed the cool metal into her cheek. Amber shivered from the touch of the cold metal on her bare skin.
"You know what that means." I told her.
"Yes."
I leaned down and spread her cheeks apart presenting me with her tight, brown hole. It looked as it had been stretched out before.
"Have you had anal before?"
"No, not all the way. I like when my partners play with it, but they have only used fingers and toys. I have been waiting to put a dick up it."
"Waiting for what?"
"For you." She said as she wiggled her ass.
I smiled, though she could not see me. I took up the vibrator and turned it on. She heard it turn on and I could see her shiver again as I brought the toy up to her ass. I touched the device to her cheek and let her feel how strong it was, then I dragged it in circles around her ass cheeks and zeroed in on her asshole. I did little circles around her dark hole and saw her muscles constricting. I leaned my head down and licked a wet circle around the entrance. She shivered again.
I put the end of the vibrator up against the hole, not pushing it in, but letting the vibrations flow through her body. She started moaning, her whole body now shaking.
I reached a hand over to the bed and grabbed the bottle of lube I had put there. I flipped open the cap and aimed it over Amber's asshole. When the first cold, stream of liquid hit her ass, she jumped but my hand at her ass held her still. I started spreading the lube around her ass crack and massaged it around her hole. I poured on some more and closed the bottle and threw it with my lucky coin back onto the bed. Then I returned my attention to Amber's ass.
I turned on the vibrator again and started moving it around in small circles around her asshole again, slowly increasing the pressure as it tried to sink through her sphincter.
"Relax your muscles." I told Amber and she immediately did.
I saw her hole loosen and I took the opportunity and pushed the bullet into her ass. Her hole opened and swallowed the small device whole. It had disappeared entirely, only leaving the cord trailing out of her sphincter like a tail and the muffled vibration sounds coming out of her ass, which was matched only by the moaning sounds Amber was now making.
I looked at the controller attached to the other end of the cord and noticed that, aside from the on off button, there were two other little buttons. I clicked one and heard the vibration get slower and lower. I clicked the other button and heard it return to the previous speed and pitch. I smirked again. I clicked the same button again and the vibrations got even faster.
"Choi oi!" Amber groaned again.
"That feel ok?" I asked her.
"Yes..."
I pushed the 'up' button again and Amber's whole body started shaking. I left it on high for a moment, before lowering it down again to a slow vibration.
"Amber." I started, "I want answers. What is Mai planning?"
Through her heavy breathing, I heard a soft answer, "I don't know."
I turned the up the vibration level to its max making Amber shutter again.
"Is that the truth?"
"Yes." She said loudly.
"Fine." I turned the level down again.
"What did Mai tell you to do with me?"
"To keep you happy."
"Anything else?" I asked.
She hesitated, so I pushed the level back up to max.
"She told me keep an eye out for your Ex!" I turned in down again.
"And to do what when you found her?"
"Nothing, just tell Mai when she was back."
"Does Mai want to hurt her?"
"I don't know...BUT, but!" she waited to make sure I wouldn't turn on the device again, then continued when I hadn't, "...But I have heard people talk. After Mai's fianc died, Mai took it hard and stopped seeing men. I have heard that your Ex was involved with Mai's fianc and was the reason they broke up."
I knew this part already. "Did Mai have her fianc killed?"
"What? No, he killed himself. She would never, she loved him."
"But he cheated on her and left her at the alter. He embarrassed her."
"Yes, everyone knew what happened, but Mai wouldn't hurt anyone."
I laughed. Was Amber just naive?
"Would she hurt Thuy after what Thuy did?"
"No! Never!" I buzzed Amber again.
"Mai is the daughter of a crime lord, is she not?"
"Yes, her and her sisters have always tried to separate themselves from him, though. I have heard she doesn't like her dad."
I turned the vibrator back to max.
"She sells drugs and owns nightclubs, are you telling me she is not involved in the mob?"
Amber cried out again, "No! She is trying to start her own Family, not help her dad."
I turned it down again.
"Start her own Family? But you said she stopped seeing men."
"Yes. She didn't like how her father and other men took power through force and threats. She thinks its too violent. She wants to gain power more through manipulation than violence."
"Cici's weed." It wasn't a question.
"Yes! She and Cici have been working together for a while now and have been building their own organization around Cici's drugs."
"Why give them to me, then?"
"I don't know."
I didn't like that phrase, I turned the vibrator to its max again.
"I DON'T KNOW!" Amber screamed. I turned it down again.
"Who does?" I asked.
"Cici. Cici is her partner. If anyone knows, it is Cici."
"Do you have her number?"
"No, she changes it too often. I only have an old one, but I doubt it still works."
"Then how do we find her?" I asked, holding out the controller to the side so Amber could see it.
"We would have to find which club she is working at."
I turned the vibrator back to max.
"And how do we do that?" I asked the naked, bent-over, and shivering Amber.
- - -
WHITE AND BLACK
- - -
We rolled up to the brightly lit nightclub, Villain, a half hour later, safe and sound, I hadn't seen the black sedan anywhere on the drive over. Maybe he had given up for now, or maybe he just got a different car. I'll have to keep my eyes open.
We pulled into the parking lot and found an open spot. Even on a Monday night the place seemed busy. After locking the bike and helmets, I took Amber's arm in mine and we both walked through the front doors.
The place was huge. It was dark inside, but lasers and lights were flashing in every direction. I thought about Next Stop, the nightclub Amber and I had visited on Friday, but this place was on a whole other level. The front doors brought you onto a balcony overlooking the club's dance floor in front of a giant stage that covered the entire back wall. This place was at least five times bigger than Next Stop and was currently having a rave. The House Music playing throughout the hall was happily keeping the three-hundred-plus dancers busy. The place was hoping. Apparently there were enough rich kids in Hanoi, with nothing more important to do than keep this place busy, even on a Monday night.
As we walked up to the railing on the entry balcony, I looked to my right and saw a large birdcage hanging over the dance floor with two women dancing inside maybe ten feet away from me. Both women were naked and dancing in a way that would make a porn-star blush. And there was another such occupied cage over to my left, as well. Both cages hung over the dance floor right next to winding staircases that led down to the floor and up to balconies ringing the room with tables and booths all around the walls all connected by steel lined gang ways leading to different sections of the club.
I saw a bar down around the dance floor lit up in neon lights with a whole team of bartenders slaving away making their drinks. I was about to head that direction down the stairs, but Amber took me by the arm again and led me up the stairs instead. The staircase up winded around the large birdcage with the dancing girls and gave us a view of the two naked beauties at every angle as we ascended the stairs.
Amber led me up along the gang way to a back corner of the club where there seemed to be a segmented off glass room, it was a club inside a club, up on the top floor with glass walls and floors overlooking the club below. As we walked through the sliding glass doors and closed them behind us the music of the main club was replaced by that of another DJ in a corner of this room.
"Find us a table, I will go find out what I can about Cici and see if she is here yet." Amber told me after walking into the room. She kissed me on the cheek and turned away to wandered through the crowd.
As she was walking away, I reached into my pocket and found the controller hidden there and turned it on. I saw Amber's ass shake and she turned her head around and gave me a mocking glare. I just winked at her, and she turned back away and disappeared. I turned the controller back off.
So it seems that the Vibrator had been designed to be detachable, and I could control it from a distance. The string still attached to the device inside Amber's ass was able to be tied off so it wouldn't get stuck inside her, and I was able to take the controller with me and surprise her whenever I wished.God, I love technology.
I looked around and found an empty table with four seats. The club downstairs was busy, but this VIP room we were currently in was maybe only half full, so finding a spot hadn't been difficult. I took my seat and just took in the atmosphere around me. The walls and floor of this room were all glass, held together by steel frames, and all lit up somehow so the glass kept changing colors in coordination with the music. I didn't know how much I trusted these glass floors, but they hadn't broken yet...so, I guess we were good. I could see the mob of dancers thirty feet below me dancing away like tonight was their last night on Earth. Then two people walked in through the sliding glass door and nothing else seemed to matter.
They walked in the door, knowing every eye was on them. Two women. A brunette with dark, near-black hair and a blond, bleached brightly. They had dressed to match.
The dark-haired, brunette was half-a-head shorter than the blonde, with a knife-sharp, frayed Bobby-cut; a brooding, quiet aura, and was dressed in black. All black. Black denim jacket. Black skin-tight, corset crop-top, tits trying to escape. Black high-waist, skin-tight pants with a bell-bottom finish. And black heavy-duty, storm-trooper boots. All with shined, silver buttons and zippers. All set against her pale skin, glowing through gaps at her belly, neck, and shredded pants. Even her eyes were shaded black.
The Blonde stood about 5'7, tall enough to make an impression, with shoulder length bleached curls and a bubbly personality to match. Her pure-white, form-fit pants suit was the same build as the other but in complete opposite. Pure-white denim jacket. Pure-white, skin-tight, corset crop-top, tits trying to escape. And Pure-white, skin-tight pants, waist high with a bell-bottom finish. All buttons, black pearls. She'd even found pure-white leather, combat boots that were just begging to invade Finland in the winter. Her tanned skin showed clearly through the gaps at her belly, neck, and shredded pants. Her eyes, however, shown out like cold, blue sapphires.
They each carried their opposite's color purse. White and Black.
They were here to kill.
The Pair walked in like they owned the place, smoke trailing from the cigarettes between their fingers. They acted like they knew that everyone loved them, while the reality was more that everyone wanted to hate them, but couldn't. The flirted like they breathed, effortlessly. It didn't matter with who, young or old, fat or thin, male or female, they could manipulate them all. For now at least, the world was offered up to them on a silver platter, and they took advantage of that fact.
Black had a man on her arm, who thought he was the luckiest son of a bitch alive. But even he knew that he would eventually be devoured in the end. His punk-rock attire and his drugged-up gaze, made me think he really didn't care if he was, though. Black led him around like a puppy begging for his treat, and rewarded him accordingly. If he disappointed her, she didn't scold or yell, she just simply started talking another man. Punishment received.
White hunted. She flirted with every man there, taking what she wanted. She got free drinks from the young, inexperienced bartender in the back of the room by tickling his beard, so she wouldn't have to attempt it with the more experienced, surlier bartender. But even him, she won over by playing up the girl with daddy issues, just needing a new daddy. She even wove her spell on the DJ so he would play her songs, all so he could watch her dance. Which she did, alluringly.
I was sitting at my table waiting for Amber to come back, when White approached me, innocently flashing her eyelashes dragging my attention to her cold, bright-blue, sapphire eyes.
"This seat open?" She asked, sitting down in Amber's seat, before she was even finished asking. She had a smile on brighter than the clothes she wore, her well-toned legs crossed at the thighs, the top leg point directly at me, stopping maybe an inch away.
"Sorry, someone's sitting there." I responded without even lifting my head from the menu I had been trying to study instead of staring at these two. My eyes lifted to hers, however, over the rim of the menu, without asking my permission.
"Not at the moment, its not. Hi! I'm Dani."
"Ben."
She lifted her cigarette to her lips, took a puff.
"Hi Ben, We haven't see you here before, what do you do?" Smoke floated out of her mouth as she asked, and blew the last little puff in my direction. Her lips making a very alluring, small kiss as she did. There was nothing innocent about this girl.
"I'm a teacher." I answered, but as I did, I smelled something familiar but not quite what I was used to. The smoke trailing up from her cigarette was not the usual tobacco smoke, but something which almost smelled likeDesire.
They were both smoking joints ofDesireout in public in a crowded bar, and apparently using its effects to manipulate everyone here. Whereas, I had been clumsily banging around like a neophyte attracting women one at a time with the weed, and maybe - possibly - inadvertently getting my whole house hooked, these two had mastered its usage. They flooded the room with their allure, then picked which ever fruit they wanted, and took a bite. I could learn a lot from these two...if I was a freaking sociopath, with delusions of grandeur.
"Oh? Can you teach us something?" She asked, as her smile turned hungry.
"I can teach you that its not polite to take someone else's seat."
I stood up to welcome back Amber, who had just returned, her fiery, satin-red dress standing in sharp contrast to the colorlessDani.
I stepped towards Amber, took both her hands in mine, leaned in, and kissed her, stoking the fire. Amber held the kiss, her body melding into mine, while her hand grabbed my ass as a sign of her territorial claim. When the kiss was done, our foreheads met, and Amber turned her face to see the woman who had taken her seat.
"Hello, Dani. How are you tonight?"
"Better now." White's smile turned ravenous. "Hello, Amber. We have not seen you here in ages, we had thought you might have retired."
"No, I am just more selecting of the establishments I frequent now, some of these places have started to let the trash pile up." Amber fired back.
Dani let out a bubbling laugh which rolled above the music, and her eyes turned on me, "Yes, they will let anyone in, these days. So then what brings you back?"
"My friend here," Amber said, while pulling my ass into her again and her eyes baring into my soul, "He is looking for Cici."
"...And yet, Ben has found us." Dani said, while presenting herself with her own hand, Anna White-style, while also letting Amber know that she had gotten my name out of me.
"Have you seen Cici?"
"Not tonight. Not yet. Why?"
I finally found my tongue, "I have business with her." I growled.
White's eyes snapped back to me, and held my stare for a good second, before she let out another bubbling laugh.
"Oh! This ishim, isn't it? Not what we expected."
I ignored her jibe, and turned my attention back to my date, "So I take it you two know each other."
"Yes. Dani and I used to work together. Her and her sister, Kali, are Promoters. Where is your sister actually?" Amber finished by directing her question back to Dani.
"Oh, you know her, lurking as usual, you know how she gets when she has a new toy to play with." She answered by waving her hands in the vague direction of Black, standing by the bar with hertoyin her arms.
Black noticed the gesture, however, and floated over to our table as if she had been called by her sister. Kali - I presumed - stood behind White, fingers walking on the latter's shoulder, with the lit joint between them. Her date trailing behind in the wake of her smoke.
"Amber, Sweetie. Nice to see you again. We had thought you retired." Kali said in a soft voice that still managed to be heard over the music.
"No, not retired. Hello, Kali. How are you this evening?"
"And who is this?" Black asked ignoring Amber's pleasantries, her soulless eyes turning on me.
"He is the one everyone has been talking about, from Next Stop." White told her sister, while her eyes locked onto me as well.
For maybe half a minute, both Black and White continued to eye me in interest, their hungry smiles identical.
"Oh, is he? We had heard he broke that poor girl in, hard." Black purred, then realizing something, snapped her stare to Amber, "Oh! Was that you, Amber? We hadn't heard that part."
Kali's laugh was as soulless as it was sexy. A beautifully dark, threatening, and alluring laugh that would not have been out of place behind a black widow's web.
Amber's laugh, however, burned with a fiery, passion which cast away the shadows.
"Yes, that was us."Desireshining in her eyes, "He claimed me on Friday. And yes, It was very hard." With that, Amber's hand slid around my ass and grabbed my dick instead, already half hard just being in the presence of these three stunning women.
I didn't jump or wince, I simply leaned in and kissed Amber again. Why should I be embarrassed about the topic, when all three women were staring at me like I was a juicy steak dinner about to be eaten. I reached my hand in my pocket and buzzed the vibrator again, to tease Amber back.
"So promoters, huh? What are they promoting, aside from a chess set?" I asked Amber.
I think her lips might have twitched, but Amber's eyes flashed to mine in a silent warning. I understood her meaning. 'Be careful, these women are dangerous.'
I fully agreed.
"Dani and Kali work for establishments and bring in clientele to new clubs, arrange parties, that sort of thing. They bring the people to the party. The promote the party." Amber responded.
"We are the party." White corrected.
"Well, Dani. Kali. Enjoy the party, it was a pleasure meeting you both, but Amber and I are on a mission, at the moment, looking for Cici. We thought she might be here."
"No. Please, sit. Stay. Cici should be arriving any time now. And we want to hear all about how you two lovebirds met." Dani said in her bubbly tone, like she genuinely wanted to know how her friend had found love.
I was about to politely decline the invitation, figuring the best way to survive this matched set would be to be wherever they were not.
But before I could speak, Amber graciously accepted.
"Yes, of course. This is our table after all. We can wait here as well as anywhere. Isn't that right Ben?" Her look now urged me to accept as well.
"Of course, Babe."
Dani had not deigned to move an inch since she stole Amber's seat, and Kali now took one next to her. Amber directed me to sit down in the chair closer to White and I took the seat, thinking she would take the the last available, but instead she sat down on my lap. Kali's boy-toy stood behind Black never uttering a word, ignoring the open seat. He was probably too stoned to sit down.
"So, dish. How did you two meet?" Dani asked us, her white boots approaching my leg again.
"Oh, through work. You know how it is. Ben, here, is a VIP of Mai's, so she made sure he wanted for nothing." Amber answered, as she placed one hand around the back of my neck, while the other started playing with my tie.
Something Amber had said seemed to have an effect, both Black's and White's smiles faltered and both pairs of eyes locked on to me again.
"...and one thing led to another and my mind was blown." Amber finished with a kiss to my cheek.
I returned her smile, looking up into her beautiful eyes. I buzzed her again.
"So is he one of hers? We had thought after...Well, we had heard she had sworn off men, for now at least." Black asked.
"No, he is his own man. I am just escorting him this evening for my ownDesire." Amber answered, looking into my eyes, ass wiggling. "Darling, can I have a light?"
She had slipped a pair of fingers into my jacket's breast pocket, and slid out one of my own joints ofDesire. She set it between her lips and held her hand out for a lighter.
I didn't hand it to her, instead I lifted the lighter and lit the joint myself in one graceful flick of the Bic.
Amber's eyes closed in ecstasy as she took her first drag, then she leaned her head down to mine, and kissed me while smoke trailed between our lips. She then handed me the joint and laid her head in the crook of my neck, while I returned my attention to the other set of women and met their gaze as I took my own hit.Please don't cough, Idiot.
With all my focus, I let the smoke flow from my lips, then in mocking salute to White, I blew out the last breath of smoke in her direction, blowing her a kiss of my own.
I saw White's eyes flash inDesire, as her lips curled into a smile.
"Oh, veryAlluring." Dani purred, "We understand your business with Cici now. But we are sorry to disappoint. We don't know where you found it, but we have an exclusive deal with Cici forAllure."
Was that their strain then,Allure? Makes sense, I guess, for their to be other strains, and theirs did have a subtle different aroma than mine. Amber had said Cici could manipulate different attributes with her drugs, and I guessed that their weed was likewise enhanced likeDesirebut for them to make them morealluring. Cici had said she made my batch specifically for me though, so I wondered how the effects would be different.
"Good to know if I ever want to bealluring, but I prefer to beDesired." I responded before taking another hit and passing it back to Amber.
Amber took the joint, inhaling its smoke as she stood back up from my lap. Stepping towards Dani, Amber leaned in, mouth leaking smoke, and offered White a try.
"Here Sweetie, taste the future."
For a half a heartbeat, Dani's cold eyes bore into Amber in fury, but even this Great White could not resistDesire. She took the offered joint and tasted its sex. Her sapphire eyes dilated as she held her breathe, and the smoke bubbled out of her in laughter.
"Oh that is Marvelous." She purred.
Her sister, apparently not liking being left out, reached over and look the joint from White's fingers without even asking. Black took her own hit in silence, her shadowed eyes deepening into Black Holes trying to drag me in. Smoke glided up from her lips and caught in her web of hair, lingering there for a moment before dissipating into nothingness. Without saying a word, she just held the joint above her shoulder to hertoy, who took it and walked it back to me without trying it himself. Apparently his mistress had trained him not to take what wasn't his. I thanked him, and took another hit.
"So when are you expecting Cici?" I asked Dani, looking into her eyes, while handing myDesireto Amber.
"We are not sure, she usually arrives after midnight." White replied.
I looked at my watch, [23:28].Oh, how shall we pass the time?I leaned in to give Amber another kiss.
"So it looks like we still have some time. Can I get anyone a drink? Amber? Dani? Kali?" I looked at Kali's man, but not having been introduced I had no idea how to address him.
Amber asked for a Manhattan, Dani a dirty, gin martini, extra olives, and Kali a scotch on the rocks. I excused myself and made my way to the bar leaving the ladies to their schemes. I was in no hurry to get the bartender's attention, just thankful for a moment to catch my breath. The bar was getting busy for a Monday night, but the older, surlier bartender approached me after only a few minutes of waiting, regardless.
"What can I get you?" He asked.
I placed the ladies' orders and got a dirty, vodka martini for myself making sure the bartender used a shot of vermouth. British spies have ruined how people make martinis. Shaking the ice waters down the drink and no vermouth just makes it a chilled glass of watered-down vodka.Double-Oh-Bite me.
The no-nonsense bartender, got to work, masterfully crafting each of the drinks in turn. He speared three bright-red cherries on a long silver dagger about three inches long, and added them to Amber's Manhattan. Dani's extra dirty martini, clouded in green fog, was likewise given three large, green olives. He then reached on a shelf behind him and grabbed the desired scotch whiskey and poured three fingers into a squared, lowball glass, with a large, perfectly-cut cube of ice in the center. And finally, he let me see as he poured a shot of vermouth into the martini glass and stirred it with with my own daggers of olives.
While he was constructing his masterpieces, White sidled up to me, put her back against the bar, set her hand on my arm, and leaned in to talk under the music.
"So what's the deal with you and Amber?" She whispered into my ear.
"She is my date tonight."
"Are you twodating?" She asked, emphasizing the last syllable, searching my eyes with her bright-blues. This close, they shinned in the light, like moonlight on snow.
"We haven't discussed it." I replied simply, not breaking her gaze.
"Amber is a very special girl. It would be a shame if you lost her."
"She is very special to me, all my girls are."
"All?" She asked, the corners of her mouth curling up to meet her eyes.
"Yes, and I don't plan on losing any of them. But what about you? I see your sister has a date, where is yours off to tonight?"
"Oh, we are currently in betweentoysat the moment, they do wear out so quickly."
"I'm sure. Batteries can get quiet expensive."
She laughed, and I think it may have even been genuine this time, perhaps she was surprised I knew how to play.
"Yes, quiet expensive." She agreed, her hand now sliding down to my forearm. "That's why we just go out and find a new toy, before we can get bored of the last."
Her fingers had made it to the back of my hand sitting palm-down on the bar and they were now walking between my knuckles, "But from what we hear, you are anything but boring."
"I'm also no one'stoy." I said, sliding my hand a couple inches away.
"Not yet, at least." She gave me her hungry smile again.
At that moment, the bartender finished the drinks and set each one in front of us. I paid for them and left a generous tip. Remember kids, if you are wanting a fun night out, always tip your bartender well. Take care of him and he will take care of you.
While I paid, Dani there was taking pictures of each of the drinks like she was a professional photographer. I guess her job is to advertise the bar, so who am I to stop her. Plus, the positions she kept putting herself into to get each perfect shot were veryalluring. When she got to mine, she asked me what it was and I told her, a vodka martini with vermouth.
"What's that?" She asked about vermouth.
"It's what makes a martini a martini, not just cold vodka."
"Does ours have that?" She directed the question to the bartender who was doing the dishes now. He just shook his head in answer to her.
"Can we try yours?" She asked back to me.
"Sure, here."
I slid my glass across the bar towards her, she took a sip and moan in appreciation, which I silently mirrored seeing her chest bulge out when her head tilted back to take a sip.
"Oh, that's good. We'll have to remember that. What did you call it, a verminth?"
"Vermouth" I corrected.
"See, you did end up teaching us something." She then stirred the glass with the spear of olives again. "We would love to learn more."
I slid my drink back to me and picked up Amber's as well, Dani took hers and her sister's. She threw me a wink over her shoulder and led the way back to the seats, her ass swaying with each step she took. Honestly, I tried not to stare but her ass cheeks were hidden behind pants so tight, I doubt I could of slipped a dollar bill in the back pocket of them. When we arrived back at our seats, White handed Black her drink and sat down in her previous spot. Amber was sitting in the chair I had abandoned, so I handed her drink to her, leaned down, laid a soft kiss on her neck, and took the remaining seat as far from White as I could be.
I knew White was dangerous, she was the kind of woman who liked taking what other's had, and leaving a wake of destruction behind her. She reminded me of someone. But unlike Thuy's secretive, deceptive mode of operating, this woman wielded her sexuality like a flamethrower, blasting everyone she met with her alluring presence, stole men right in front of their dates, and took what she wanted. If she had ever been rejected before, I would be surprised. But I was determined to be the exception. I am done being taken by women. It is my turn to take.
But I couldn't just reject her, however, women like her would twist any rejection as if the man never had even stood a chance. Her self-delusion would never allow her even the remote possibility of thought that someone might not want her. She needed to be taught a lesson that men were more than justtoysfor her to play with.
"This surprises us, we never thought that anyone would break-in Amber." Black said to her now-returned sister. "She has been telling us the most wild stories of their weekend together."
"Well, Amber is not the only filly this one has broken-in, we hear." White replied while looking at Amber with taunting eyes.
"Like I said," Amber's hand moving to hold mine, "he is his own man. I'm just sorry he hasn't shared me yet."
I clicked the buzzer again just as Amber was about to take a sip of her drink, and her whole body shivered. She managed not to spill any of the drink, but shot me another playful glare. She stared me in the eyes as she took her sip, then returned to the conversation she was having.
Dani had witnessed the whole exchange with her hungry smile deepening. Her eyes turned onto me and she winked.
"Oh, so you are willing to share?" Dani asked to Amber.
"Only if she is good enough for Ben. I wouldn't want him to settle for second best." She gave a mocking wink directed at White.
"You sure he hasn't already settled?" White shot back.
"I am." I interrupted.
Dani's eyes turned back to me and she smiled. I have seen smiles like that on wolves.
- - -
FOUR & FIVE
- - -
At that moment, the music stopped. The DJ made a wave and walked out from behind his box. The room was much quieter now, but we could still hear the music from the main club vibrating through the glass walls.
"Of course, Amber is a wonderful woman, but she is more old-school, if you know what we mean. We're surprised she hasn't already gotten herself married off and started popping out babies." Her eyes turned to Amber and finished, "There isn't too much time left, Sweetie."
She reveled in Amber's glare for a moment before reaching a hand to her sister's and pulling her close.
"We, on the other hand, are still fun, fresh, and innocent." Dani said before pulling her sister in for a kiss. They held it for a moment, before White pulled back slightly and flicked her tongue to lick Black's lips. She then turned her eyes back to me.
"Andalluring." She finished.
I couldn't help it, I had to adjust my pants. Dani noticed, her eyes locked onto the tent in my pants.
"See, no one can resist ourallure." With that White stood up and gracefully walked over to my seat, and sat down on my lap facing Amber, and wrapped her arm around my neck, her hips slowly wiggling on my my thigh. Her face was mere inches away and her eyes bore into mine.
"Amber says she is willing to share, and that's nice. But we do not share. We take what is ours and do with it as we please."
From my left, I heard Amber respond, "I wouldn't try that, if I were you."
I turned my head and saw her lift the joint to her lips. It had gone out earlier, but now Amber re-lit it and took a drag.
"Oh? And what are you going to do to stop us?" White said, her fingers walking down my chest to my pants and finding my hard dick. "It seems like he wants us to try."
"I'm not going to do anything..." She moved her hand towards me, offering me the joint, and I took it.
I liftedDesireto my lips and inhaled the aromatic smoke, as Amber finished.
"He is."
I reached my free hand up to the back of Dani's neck and pulled her towards me and kissed her as I blew the smoke right into Dani's mouth. Our lips met and it sent shivers down my spin. Her lips were ice-cold and juicy. She tasted like a coconut, waiting to be milked. I felt her tongue slip in between my lips and I bit on the tip of it. She moaned into my mouth and I felt her whole body start to melt into mine.
I pulled White's head back away from mine, and looked her directly into her eyes.
"I am no one's toy." I told her and I felt her whole body shiver. "You are my toy."
"Yes." She softly sighed.
Behind her, I saw Black's head rise up and focus completely on us.
"Tell me. Whose toy are you?" I directed into Dani's eyes.
"Ben's toy." Black stood up at her sister's words and started walking towards us quickly.
"Yes you are." I said, as I took another puff ofDesire.
Kali had gotten to us and pulled her sister up off me by the arm, and looking into her sister's eyes with concern. I followed Dani up and towered over them both. Black's eyes turned to me as I wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her in for a kiss as well. Her tiny lips, painted in black lipstick, parted in surprise as I repeated my earlier move and exhaled myDesireinto her mouth. Kali's lips were much like her sister's but they were hot and juicy and she tasted like blueberries.
I saw Kali's date stand up straighter when I kissed her and he started to move towards me, but I stopped him with a stare. I held it for a moment.
"You can go dance now," I told him, "Kali and Dani are going to be busy for a bit."
He hesitated, I guessed deciding if he wanted to start a fight or not, and apparently he decided not to. His drugged stare held mine for a moment, before I saw a ghost of a smile appear on his mouth and he turned and walked over to the door leading out to the rest of the club. My eyes followed him out and in doing so, I looked around us. The private room was mostly empty at the moment, most of the other's had apparently decided to go dance out in the club instead of stay here in this quiet room. The DJ was gone and so was the younger bartender. Actually, now that I looked, the only person I could see in the room was the surly bartender, and he was busy doing dishes behind the bar.
I looked over to Amber and gave her a wicked smile, which she returned. I reached into my pocket and turned the controller on to the lowest setting. Still sitting down, I saw Amber start to squirm in her seat, and her smile turned mischievous.
"Want to have some fun?" I asked her.
"I would love to." Her smile replied, and she stood up too. I saw a wet patch on the chair she had left behind.
I returned my attention to the white and black sluts in front of me.
"Kali. Get on your knees." I ordered, to which Black complied. I moved my hand to the top of her hair and dug my fingers through her hair and pulled her face into my pants covering my hard-on.
"Take a sniff." I commanded her and I felt her head nuzzle into my dick.
"Good girl." I complimented her as I patted her head.
Then I turned to Dani. I pulled her into my arms, with Kali's head in between our hips, and wrapped my free arm around White's waist to hold her tight against me as I kissed her again, pushing her torso backwards as I did.
Then without warning I spun her around and pushed her over the table, bent at the hips, her tight, white pants presented her ass perfectly.
"Stay" I ordered Black and walked over beside the bent over White, Amber walking over next to me.
I put my hand on Dani's neck, holding her down, and I lowered my face down to hers.
"I don't like some of the things you said to my Amber. She is worth more than two of you, but I still think you hurt her feelings." I told Dani but looking at Amber.
"Did she hurt your feelings?" I asked Amber.
"No, she could never hurt me. She is just jealous."
"I agree, but still I think you should teach her a lesson, don't you think?"
Amber's eyes twinkled as she nodded, "If you think I should."
"I do." And I stepped away from the bent over White, and let Amber take my place.
Dani tried to lift her head off the table, but without warning Amber slapped the prone girl's ass hard.
Dani cried out in pain before turning her head to look at Amber, pure hatred burned in her cold eyes.
"How dare y..." Dani started, before being interrupted by another slap from Amber.
"You don't talk until I tell you." Amber told the younger girl. "You need to learn to treat your elders with respect."
As Amber gave the girl another slap, I sat down in the seat she had just left, and I could smell her scent on the cushion. I was now in line of sight of all three women. I took the controller out of my pocket and held it up as I buzzed Amber again at the highest setting, and was rewarded by her legs squeezing together and her knees almost buckling.
"Hey!" She turned to me and saw me grinning widely. "I'm working over here."
"Sorry, babe." I gave Amber a wink and then I turned my eyes to Kali. "You. Come here."
Black made a move to start to stand up before I stopped her.
"No, I didn't tell you to stand up, did I? Crawl to me."
She stared at me with death in her black eyes, but I saw the moment they broke intoDesire. Her eyes fell and she started crawling over to me, one hand after the other, her tight, black ass swaying each time her knees made a move forward. It didn't take her long to get to me, but I enjoyed watching every second of her trip. She was so small and petite she looked like a cat strolling on the floor, all that she needed to complete the look was a black tail. Maybe I could find her one.
When she reached me, I directed her head right in between my outstretched legs and stopped her an inch away from my crotch.
"Unzip me." I ordered her.
She moved again to raise her hands, but again I stopped her.
"No, not with your hands. You are not very good at following my commands, are you? We will need to work on that. With your mouth, Kali. Unzip me with your mouth."
She glared at me for a moment, her Will still behind those black eyes. I needed to break that. I put my hands on the back of her head and pulled her onto my dick.
"I told you to unzip me." I said coldly.
Her head started to move along side my dick and she leaned up and I felt her mouth and tongue digging around my zipper. I felt it when she captured it in between her lips and started to pull it down my pants, but the pressure was too strong for her. I took a hand off her head and used it to unbuckle my belt and unbutton the top of my pants releasing the pressure on the rest of the zipper, and it started to slide down easier now in Kali's mouth.
Once it was as low as it would go, I took hold of my belt loops and slid my pants down around my hips, my dick now standing at attention in front of Black's eyes, taller than her head.
"Now Pussy Cat, time to have your treat. Enjoy." I took a hold of my cock and directed it towards her mouth.
Kali's small black lips opened and out came her tiny, pink tongue. She leaned in and licked the entire underside of my cock in one long lap and followed that up with rubbing her face against my pole. After another lick, she tilted her head up to capture the head of my cock and slipped it in between her black lips. It was obviously too big for her, but I wasn't going to let that stop me.
I looked up to Amber and Dani and saw that they were both watching us, Dani still bent over, her face laying flat against the table but aimed perfectly at us. I stared her directly in the eyes as my hand behind Kali's head pushed her further onto my dick, making the tiny girl in black start to choke.
Dani's eyes started to fill with tears but I could see theDesirein them. She was not crying in anger or pain, she was crying out of jealousy, she wanted my dick in her mouth.'In time, Dani. In time.'I thought. Amber chose that moment to slap Dani's ass again, dragging another squeal out of her.
I looked back down to Kali and saw her dark eyes, now wide withDesireof her own, looking directly into mine as she pushed further down my cock unassisted. She'd obviously sucked dick before, but she was no where as skilled as Amber or Thuy had been. Apparently, Kali had preferred men pleasing her and not the other way around. Why practice sucking dick if you didn't care about keeping your guy happy? For her, blowjobs were just another way to control her toys, not a way to give him pleasure. But now I was in control and she was finally going to get some practice in sucking dick.
I interwove my fingers in her hair and held her in my grasp. I pushed her black lips down as deep as she would go and then pulled her head back up by the hair. She barely got to my tip before I pushed her back down on it. It didn't take long for me to reach the back of her mouth and feel the pressure from her esophagus. She choked again, and I pulled her head back, her eyes watering and looking at me.
"Relax." I told her, then pushed her back back down. This time I felt my head push its way through the muscle at the back of her throat and it slipped in. My dick slid down her throat and her black lips found my pubic hair. I groaned loudly.
"Good, Kitty." I patted her head again and then pulled her back off my cock. Sticky drool hung off her lips as she started coughing.
Before I could give her more orders, her hands came up to my dick and grasped the base and the shaft with her tiny fingers. She pulled it down towards her and her mouth jumped onto my head again. She didn't deep throat me this time, but she hungrily attacked my tip, lapping up my pre-cum with her tiny, pink tongue jetting out from her black lips. Her mascara was running from the tears now falling from her eyes, but she acted like she was happier now then she had ever been before. She actually started purring as she sucked on my dick's head, her tiny tongue swirling around the tip, catching as much of my juices as she could.
I had been worked up a lot tonight, and had not finished things with Amber back at the hotel after her revelation that Cici would be here tonight, so I was ready to blow. I looked up to Dani.
"Don't turn away, I want you to watch as I make your sister mine. But don't worry, I will take care of you after." I told White.
I grabbed the back of Black's head and still keeping my eyes locked on White, I pushed Kali deeper onto my cock, passed her esophagus and into her throat again. Then I fucked her face hard, pumping my hips up while I held her head down, thrust after thrust until I felt the buildup in my balls start to churn and I knew I was about to cum. My whole body tighten up and pressed Kali's head deeper onto my cock and I erupted straight down her throat.
I held her down for a moment longer, before my muscles relaxed and my hand slipped out of her hair. She fell backwards onto her ass, my dick popping out of her mouth loud enough for us all to hear. She sat back on her ass, gasping for air through a mouth full of sticky saliva and cum. She coughed a couple of times, bringing more of my cum out of her throat, and looked like she was about to spit it out, before her eyes caught my disapproving stare. She froze and shut her mouth, still breathing hard.
"Swallow it." I ordered, and was pleased to see her struggle to swallow all of my magic sperm. Hopefully, what Cici had told me was true and she would be addicted. I could have a lot of fun breaking these two again, if they came back begging for more.
After a moment of waiting, Kali leaned her chest towards me with her head up and opened her mouth for me to see how well she had done. I could still see sticky lines of saliva in her mouth, but all of my cum was gone. She had taken it all in.
"Good, Pussy Cat. Now, we need to teach you how to lick pussy."
My eyes flicked up to Amber who gave me her mischievous smile again and I pointed to a vacant seat on my right. She left Dani behind, and sat down in the chair, hiking up her skirt as she did. I stood up and stepped out of my pants at my ankles. I took Kali by the hair and directed her to start crawling again, this time she did without comment and crawled along with me pulling her hair towards Amber. I led Black under Amber's skirt and her head disappeared beneath the dress. I let Amber take charge now as her hands came up and weaved her fingers through Kali's hair taking the lead from me.
I took the controller and turned it on to the medium setting and left it on. Amber started whimpering almost immediately under the vibrations coming from her ass and the young woman lapping up her pussy. I left her to her enjoyment and turned to the tight white ass still bent over the table. I looked up and saw the older bartender just watching us wiping a glass with a towel. He caught my look and just gave me a nod. Remember, always tip your bartender, folks.
I laughed in response, as I approached Dani's ass presented to me. I lifted my hand and felt the material covering in. She jumped at my touch, maybe nervous about what I was about to do with her; maybe in pain, Amber had been spanking her for a while now, after all. Her pant-covered-ass felt fantastic. I don't know what kind of material it was made of, but her pants felt soft and smooth, almost stretchy. Whatever it was, it hugged the shape of her ass amazingly, and felt great to my fingers. I gave her a smack to the ass of my own and heard her whimper. I stepped up behind her, took her by the hips, and pushed her into my half-soft dick. I felt her start to wiggle her ass trying to tempt me harder again, it wasn't going to take a lot. I was still worked up.
I leaned over and grabbed her by her bleached curls and pulled her body up to my chest. She let out a soft scream and I released her hair. Instead, I slid my hand around over her face and down to her neck and held her tight against me as I squeezed her throat with just enough force for her to know I was in charge. My face came up behind her ear.
"I am going to make you my toy now, Dani, and you are going to love it." I told her as I bit down onto her earlobe.
"Yes." Dani breathed out quietly.
With my free hand, I grabbed a hold of her jacket and whipped it off down her shoulders, leaving her standing in the white corset with her tits trying to escape. The angle I was holding her at pushed her chest out further and it gave me a great view down her cleavage from above her. I threw her jacket onto a nearby chair and brought my hand back and grabbed a hold of one of her breasts. They were firm enough I vaguely wondered if they were fake, but she was still young, maybe she just had great tits. I dug my fingers into her corset from above and found her hard nipple. When my fingers touched it, she let out a gasp and her ass dug into my crotch again getting me hard again.
I pinched her nipple hard with two fingers and pulled her tit out of the corset cup. It popped out of her top and hung there out in the open still propped up by the corset. I reached my arm around her further and dug into the other cup, pulling her other breast out the same way I had the first. Once I got the second tit out, I twisted her nipple hard making her grunt in pleasurable pain and her ass grind into me wildly. I then lowered my hand down to the front of her pants and slid my hand over her covered pussy. Even through the pants I could feel her heat bleeding through. I massaged her pussy with that hand as I squeezed her throat again with my other. I turned her face toward me and I captured her wet lips in mine and hungrily kissed her.
My fingers at her snatch found the line of her zipper and followed up to the button holding her pants together. I unbuttoned them and pulled the zipper down, releasing some of the tension holding her pants tight. I dropped my hand down from her throat and together, my hands pushed her pants down her well-toned legs down to her ankles. Then I reached up, broke my kiss and pushed her back down onto the table.
I held her body down with one hand and turned my head around to look at Amber. Her head had fallen back staring up at the ceiling as Kali was busy munching her muff.
"Amber." I said, and then I called out louder to get her attention, "Amber!"
Her head snapped up and locked eyes with me. She looked like she was about to come.
"Sorry to interrupt, Baby, but do you have that lube I gave you." I asked her.
She just nodded in response and made a small move to find her purse.
"No, don't move. I'll get it." I told her.
I walked over and kissed her panting lips before bending down and picking up her purse. I opened it and dug around a bit. Inside I saw some of the usual stuff, a coin purse, a phone, a couple of tampons, a baggie filled with pills that I remembered her getting from Cici, and a heavy looking mechanical device I did not recognize which was a bit bigger than her phone. There were also a few things we had picked up earlier, including the candle and the ball-gag, then I found the bottle of lube I had given Amber before we ran out of the hotel. I took it out of the purse and then with a second thought, I also grabbed the ball-gag, with a smirk.
I returned to Dani, her naked ass hanging out in the club air. I brought the ball-gag up to her head.
"I have a few new toys for my toy to play with, and these don't require batteries." I told her. I brought the ball up to her mouth and told her to open up. She did. I put it in between her teeth and wrapped the straps under her curly, blonde hair, then fit them together at the buckle and tightened it.
"That fit ok?" I asked her.
She just nodded.
"Good." Then I moved back to her ass. I looked at it. It was still tight, not a lot of fat and just enough muscle to stop it from being bony. There were angry red patches over her pale skin from where Amber had been spanking her. I rubbed my hand over them and Dani winced in pain or excitement, not sure which.
I then took one of my hands and slid it under her ass. My fingers sunk into her soaking snatch from behind and were instantly covered in her hot juices. I rubbed her pussy to get her worked up even more, and it worked, she started squirming on the table and panting through the ball-gag, making moaning sounds as she did. I brought my hand back around to her ass and spread her cheeks open with it. I lowered one of my wet fingers to her asshole and spread her juices around her puckered hole. Her moaning got louder, and I pushed the finger into her ass down to the first knuckle.
She screamed through the ball-gag and her head stretched around as far as she could get it and looked at me. Meeting my eyes, she started shaking her head 'no', but she stopped when I growled loudly.
"Whose toy are you?" I asked her straight in her eyes. She mumbled something behind the gag and nodded her head slowly before setting it back down onto the table.
I returned my focus to her ass, with my finger still stuffed into her. I took the bottle of lube in my other hand and started dripping the lube around my finger already inserted. I felt Dani shiver when the cold liquid hit her skin and then she shivered even more when I started working the lube around my finger and slid it further into her ass. When my finger got as deep as I could get it, I wiggled it a bit and poured more lube over her rim. White was now moaning as I started pumping my finger in and out of her asshole getting the lube worked all though the hole and loosening her as much as I thought she needed.
When I thought she was ready, I pulled my finger out and I put the bottle onto the table. I took a hold of her hips with one of my hands, and grasped my dick with the other. I aimed my now hard cock for her pussy and dipped the end in a few times just to get it wet. Even that much action got Dani worked up, and she tried to push back onto my dick. Maybe she thought she could distract me with her pussy and I would just take her right then and there. Her pussy was tight enough that I could feel her moaning though her body from my girth, but I had another mission in mind. I was going to take this tease and teach her who the real toy was. I pulled my dick out of her snatch and slid my wet member around her taint and up her ass crack, to her puckered hole.
I aimed my head right for the dead center of her hole, and I pushed my hips towards her and I pushed into her. I felt her sphincter resist letting me in and I pushed in harder. Dani's ass was tight, maybe too tight. I heard her uncontrolled moaning from above me. I grabbed her hips with both my hands and I pulled her against me hard as I thrust my dick onto her tight muscle. It worked, I felt her sphincter give way, and my cock-head pushed through her muscle, and slid three inches into her rectum.
She screamed. Even through the ball-gag and the music, I could clearly hear her scream.Shit. The bartender probably heard her too. I looked over to him and saw him still watching, his hand now under the bar probably jerking himself off.
I turned back to Dani and pulled her hips farther towards me and pressed my cock further into her deeps. The work was slow. I had to keep pulling out and pushing back in to get another inch. I even grabbed the bottle of lube again and poured more lube around my cock as I worked it farther into her. Eventually I bottomed out in her ass and held it in so she would feel all eight inches of me. When I felt like she had adjusted, I lifted one of my hands and smacked her ass cheek hard. She screamed again, and I lifted my other hand and smacked her other cheek. This got her whimpering.
I placed my hands back at her hips and took a firm grip. Then I pulled my dick out of her. I pulled all the way out, so the head of my dick was just outside her sphincter and then I pushed in again, hard. She screamed again and her ass muscles tighten around my shaft as hard as she could.Fine. If she wanted it hard, I'd give it to her hard.
I pulled out again but before she could get a moments of peace, I rammed her ass again, and again. Her screams had turned into loud moaning and grunting. I brought one of my hands up to her hair and grabbed a handful of her curly locks and pulled her head toward me as I continued my assault on her ass. I looked down and with her neck stretched back and I saw her chest thrust out, and her nipples were hard as diamonds. I took my other hand off her hip and grabbed a handful of her tits as I thrust into her ass again. My fingers found one of her diamond-hard nipples and I twisted it in time with my thrusting. She was now panting with each thrust and I could see her eyes screwed shut.
I continued my ass-ault, twisting her nipples, and pulling her hair hard. As the attack continued, I felt her body start to stiffen and shake. I was going to make this slut cum from fucking her ass. I did warn her she was going to love it.
Behind me I heard Amber start to scream herself in ecstasy, she was cumming too it seems, but I had no time to look. I did see the controller on the table next to Dani, however, and I grabbed it and pressed down on the maximum button and held it down. I heard Amber's screams behind me shatter.
I felt myself approach the line of no-return as well and started thrusting even harder into Dani still buzzing Amber. My legs were getting tired but I powered through, I wanted to fill up with Great White with my white cream. I pushed her head down onto the table and held her down and I thrust into her as deep as I could go. Almost there. My hand moved to her shoulder and pulled her onto me as I leaned my body down to her and whispered into her ear "Mine."
I pushed into her with one final, forceful thrust and we exploded together.
I felt her ass tighten and her whole body start to shake uncontrollably as spurt after spurt of my cum sprayed into her rectum making her mine. If she screamed this time, it was only silently.
I held her down as I felt my cock start to soften and then I slipped it out of her. I released my hold on the buzzer and I watched as streams of my cum started leaking out of Dani's ass. I stepped away and turned to look at the other two girls.
Kali was now sitting in Amber's lap and the two were making out, tongues lapping at each other. Amber's hair was a wild mess and her tits had been pulled out of her dress with which Black was fondling with passion. I saw that Amber's hand had unbuttoned Kali's pants and had slipped inside playing with the girl's pussy. I vaguely wondered if her pussy lips were black as well. I'd have to find out later.
"Hey." I called to the two. They broke their kiss and looked at me standing beside the dripping ass of Dani and my cock hanging limply and dripping of our juices.
"Kali, come clean me up." Black stood up from Amber's lap with one final kiss and immediately fell to her knees. She then crawled over to me like I liked it, and took my cock, dirty from her sister's ass, in her mouth and started licking me clean.
Amber also stood up and walked over to me. I took her in my arms as the other girl cleaned my dick, and kissed Amber's ruby red lips. Our tongues danced together as Kali's tongue danced around my cock. Once she got it as clean as she could, Kali sat back on her heels and started up at Amber and I with wide excited eyes. I broke my kiss with Amber and looked at Black. I then pointed to her sister's ass still dripping my cum and she took the hint immediately and pounced on the white cream coming out of White's ass. I heard Dani start to moan again as Amber and I watched Kali stick her pink tongue deep into her sister's ass.
Then I heard clapping behind me. Standing over by the door, watching the scene and apparently enjoying it immensely, stood Cici.
"Well, look who has been busy." She said with a smile.
- - -