All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica
The drive home on that fateful night was peaceful. Mike relived the last few hours as he drove. He looked over at his naked wife as she slept in the passenger seat pleasurably exhausted from her adventure. It was a moonlit night, and he could make out the silhouette of his wife. She looked so peaceful in her slumber.
Betsy reached down, rubbed her pussy as she mumbled something muffled under her breath. She had a smile on her face and then started to moan as she jammed three fingers in her wet honey pot. Betsy finger fucked herself as she slept, she came with a loud cry of pleasure. Betsy didn't awake, she turned toward Mike and spread her legs wider in her slumber, as she leaned against the passenger door. She had a smile on her face.
The couple arrived home, Mike opened the garage door and drove in. He awakened his wife and helped her into the house. They took a shower together without any mention of their day. Each were in their own world tonight but would have to talk about the way forward for them at some later date.
They dried each other and went to bed naked, something that hasn't happened since the children were born. Betsy felt secure when her husband wrapped his arms around her while he cupped her breasts, and they spooned. They fell asleep in this position.
Mike awoke alone in the bed. Sometime during the night Betsy had disengaged from his hug. He could smell coffee, bacon cooking, and his wife humming a happy toon. He arose went to the bathroom relieving his bladder, donned shorts, and walked into the kitchen topless to find his nude wife with only an apron on her naked body at the stove as she prepared breakfast.
"My-my I like your outfit. I think you should dress that way from now on. In fact, I insist that you wear that outfit when home from now on my dear you look absolutely edible." Mike drooled as he rose to the occasion.
"Yeah, this is my birthday suit it is wash while I wear it. I thought it was befitting after the night we had." She giggled.
Mike looked at his wife the picture of sexuality, with her hair mussed up, breasts that peeked out on the side of the apron and the hint of her pussy framed below her brown star, from the back. Betsy had a space in the juncture of her legs that let her pussy lips hang down exposed when she stood with her legs slightly apart for balance. Which she did at the stove and the sink.
They sat to eat while Betsy still vacillated whether she wanted to do the show for Greg. "Mike what do you think, should I do the show for Greg? What if someone recognizes me? I don't want to lose my job at this late stage of the game. I am too close to retirement."
Betsy ate slowly as Mike contemplated the best way to answer his wife.
"Betsy are you afraid to do the show and looking for a way out?"
"No, I know I will have fun as you have shown me that I like to be nude in front of other people."
"Will it make you happy to do the show?"
"I know in the beginning I would be embarrassed to be the only nude woman in a room full of men, but I know I will get over the embarrassment quickly. I would be happy to have the money Greg will pay me also."
"Then it is settled Betsy do the show, call Greg after breakfast."
The couple cleaned up the breakfast dishes. Mike was in back of his wife, as he passed the dishes to her to put in the dishwasher. When she bent over, he poked his sheathed pecker between her ass cheeks, this aroused his wife as she remembered the wonder feeling she had when all the young men poked her the night before.
Betsy looked back over her shoulder and said. "You better stop that, or we will not finish cleaning up and have to go take a shower ourselves."
They hurriedly finished their chores and Mike pulled the bow on his wife's apron, removed it, and put her on the kitchen counter in one motion. Betsy was surprised to find herself on the counter with her legs over her husband's shoulders, he pulled her to the edge and started to use his tongue as a mini pecker as he rubbed her clit. She moaned her excitement.
In a hoarse voice Betsy moaned. "OH, MY DEAR! Mike you're making my toes curl. AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" The surprised woman came.
Mike with his wife's legs still on his shoulders he unzipped and dropped his shorts. Brought his wife's legs to his waist and Betsy used one of her hands to inserts her husband's pecker in her honey pot. She then proceeded to use her legs to make the tightest connection possible to her pussy and her husband's pecker. They found their rhythm and she rode his man meat to her second orgasm as he blew his load into her box.
"Wow, I should have consented to your wishes sooner, you are insatiable now. I like the new you Mike." Betsy said as she dismounted the counter, cum ran down her legs onto the floor. She retrieved her cell phone. She dialed Greg's number when he answered Betsy stated. "Hi Greg, I will do your show. I will be there on Friday morning for rehearsal."
"That is great news, remember to trim your pubic area. Wear a dress only, no undergarments when you come here. See you Friday morning." The jubilant Artists stated before he hung up.
"Mike, I want you to shave me."
"No, I don't think I can do a good job. We need to find a professional hairdresser to take care of your pubic trim."
The reason Mike said this is he has his friend Bernie who is a hairdresser, both go to him for their haircuts, his wife's perms, and hair coloring. He can do this for her, besides Mike wants to show his wife off to his friend Bernie.
"Where can I have this done then?"
"Betsy, leave that to me. I will find someone for you my dear give me a day or two."
Betsy was still naked along with her husband, they showered together to save water. You will never guess what happened in the shower. Betsy was so excited about doing the show that she gave her husband's pecker a tongue bath. Which caused round two of their fuck fests in the shower. Betsy was delighted to get all this attention from her husband. They exited the shower and dried each other off.
"Hopefully the lust will last for a while." Betsy thought.
While Betsy was primping after the shower. Mike went down to his office. Dialed up Bernie he answered. "This is Bernie's Curls how may I help you."
"Hi Bernie, this is Mike Ford."
"Hi Mike, you need a haircut?"
"No, I am good I am calling for my wife. Do you do pubic hair trims?"
There was a long pause. "Yes, I have trained for that, but wouldn't you rather have a female hairdresser work on your wife's intimate area?"
"No, my wife and I discussed it. We trust you, so we want you to do this for her." Mike lied.
"Okay, but I'm not set up for anything like that it will take me until Thursday. Come after 5 PM as I don't want anyone coming in the shop while we are taking care of your wife's intimate area."
"Thank you that is great." As an afterthought Mike said. "It will be okay with Betsy if you have other people there to watch. Oh, I want you to have my wife remove all her clothes, so she won't get them messed up with the creams you use."
"Understood, buddy and in that case, I will do her trim for free." Bernie stated in glee as he will charge his friends to watch.
The next few days after Betsy's fuck fest Mike made sure his wife was well lubricated so she wouldn't squeak when she walked. (Translation- they fucked a lot and in every room.)
In the middle of the week, they sat and had the conversation. Mike in shorts and a tee, Betsy nude and relaxed on the couch.
Betsy started the conversation. "Mike once you gave me the hall pass, I would have done a show for nothing for the young men. I was surprised when they offered me the money."
"If they went to the strip shows in Springfield, they would have spent at least that much money Betsy."
"Oh, I didn't realize that. Mike when did you decide to let me have sex with the group? What were you thinking?"
"I have contemplated this for a long time. I felt guilty that I have had relations with a few women before we met and you didn't have the opportunity, so I felt it was only fair that you had the chance to try out other cocks. The final push was the display you put on at the restaurant."
With a surprised look on her face, she said. "I never knew you felt this way. I thought you just wanted to see other men poking me as you watch."
"Well that too." He giggled.
"Do you want to continue doing this?"
"It is up to you as long as I get to watch."
Satisfied they went about they day. The couple had a lot to think about.
The weekend arrived. It was to be a beautiful summer day. Mike said. "Betsy pack, an overnight bag for you and me. Let's take a ride in the Mustang see where we end up."
"Sounds like a plan, Mike." Betsy said with excitement, as she ran upstairs to do as he asked before he changed his mind.
Betsy had a fetish for long button front blouses that came to her knees. She donned a light blue one today with white shorts and of course bra and panties to match the blouse. The couple left for parts unknown within an hour.
The couple headed northeast into Vermont the weather was warm and sunny, with the top down they had to put on the Air to stay cool. Mike drove into Vermont and stopped at the first rest area, pulled down where there was some privacy. "Okay Betsy take everything off but the blouse, you need to practice for your show debut."
"Now I see the method to your madness. I was wondering why all of a sudden you wanted to do something like this. I have bugged you over the years to just take off for the weekend and your answer was it costs too much money." Betsy said as she removed the top and her bra, put the blouse back on, left it unbuttoned, she removed her shorts, and did not debate whether to leave her panties on, she removed them. Betsy threw her clothes on the floor in the back seat. Mike exited the car, picked up his wife's discarded garments and put them in the trunk for safe keeping. Betsy started to button the blouse.
"Leave it opened my dear."
"What if we get stopped?' Betsy asked in a panic.
"The officer will think you are a mature goddess. My dear."
"Yeah, right after they bring us in and do a cavity search on me."
"Betsy, that would be alright as long as I could watch."
"You're a pervert Mike."
"You just came to that conclusion my dear. Furthermore, I am only a pervert when it comes to you. I love to see you naked in public."
"My one saving grace, Mike, you only want me to be naked in public. Yippy!" She stated sarcastically.
In reality Betsy loved the cool air on her pussy and her boobs as they drove. The exhilaration of being nude outside went right to her pussy. Mike looked at his wife she was turned to him. He could see dew on her pussy lips, she was excited. When he turned back to concentrate on driving, Betsy thought Mike didn't see her as she rubbed her pussy surreptitiously, but he caught her antics in his peripheral vision.
By the time they stopped for Breakfast Betsy was at ease with her outfit or lack thereof. The young man that served them eyes bugged out when he noted a breast exposed or pussy hair exposed as she moved around in her seat. Mike left a generous tip when they exited the diner.
"Good she was horny for the next test I will put her through." Mike thought as he spent a lot of time in Vermont as a kid. He knows spots where you can sunbathe nude. He will bring his wife to one today and have her strip nude to sunbathe, while he keeps his shorts on.
It was another half hour before he came to the parking spot, Betsy had dozed off she was completely nude and spread. She awoke when she felt the car stop. "What are we doing here?"
"I have some sunscreen you are going to sunbathe for an hour or so. To deepen your tan for the show." Mike exited the car and retrieved a beach towel. "Here remove, your blouse and wrap the towel around you." Mike instructed.
"Mike there are other cars here, someone might see me."
"Betsy there will be many people that see you today."
Reluctantly Betsy put the towel over her shoulders and removed her blouse. Mike put her top in the car, the top up, and locked their car. They walked about a quarter of a mile into the woods and came to a sunlit beach on a brook. There were five men, and three women, nude on the beach.
Betsy sighed and dropped the towel to the ground spread it out and laid on it. Mike thought he would remain clothed but the looks he got from the naked group made him change his mind. He stripped out of his top and shorts. He laid on his stomach because he was aroused to see his wife nude.
A few of the men were facing her. "Spread your legs let the guys see your pussy." Mike whispered.
Betsy put her arm over her eyes and did what was asked, this brought a smile from the men who witnessed the pussy show. After a half hour Mike's swelling went down so he went into the water and brought his wife with him. The water was cold, but the black rocks acted as a heater and there were pools of warm water that you could lounge in. Mike and Betsy did just that.
One of the men came over and sat in the pool with them. "We have never seen you here before. How did you find, this place?"
"When I was a kid I spent a lot of time in this area, we used to go skinny dipping here many times." Mike explained.
Betsy looked at the man as he tried to bore a hole between her legs with his gaze, so she opened her legs wide so that her pussy lips opened for his visual inspection. Mike was oblivious to her antics but knew her legs were spread wide. All the other men walked by to gaze at her open pussy and two of the women did also. Mike and Betsy happily conversed about nonconsequential things, with the group and among themselves.
Betsy took notice when four teens came to the beach, she started to close her legs, but Mike stopped her. "Let the young men view a mature pussy. They have probably been fantasizing about their mother's pussy, so you will provide a service to them."
"You are a pervert, Michael Ford." Betsy snickered as she opened her legs wide for their visual inspection.
Taking note of the mature woman's movement to splay her legs open wide. The group of youths walked into the fridge water and over to the mature couple. "Hi, how are you doing today?" One of the young men asked.
"We are doing fine; this is a nice place to sunbathe and swim." Betsy stated.
The four young men babbled on as they took in the older woman's exposed beauty. They were there for about fifteen minutes until Mike stated. "It is time for us to leave."
"Thank you for sharing this lovely spot with us." Betsy stated as she stood up and followed Mike to their belongings. Mike put on his shorts and carried Betsy's beach towel. She walked nude to the car, well not completely nude she had on sandals.
Mike unlocked the car, put the top down while Betsy put her long blouse on but left it unbuttoned. He drove for another half hour to a motel his family used when they traveled in these parts, luckily it was still there and had been remodeled.
The motel was in the mountains and there was a lovely breeze, Mike went to the reservation desk and secured a room on the first floor, as there was no air conditioning you needed to keep the windows opened and the blinds up. The options were, be uncomfortable in the room with the blinds shut or leave them open and lose privacy.
Mike chose this motel because he wants to recreate the scene he had with his wife when he fucked her in front of the young men.
Mike came out of the office with a key card for room sixteen, it was halfway down the line of rooms. He parked the car and removed the two travel cases from the trunk, this included his wife's discarded garments.
Betsy opened the door to the room, and it was stifling. "Mike this room is hot!"
"Betsy, remove your blouse and open the windows in the sitting room and bedroom area. The breeze will cause the room to cool down."
The motel was situated on top of the mountain on route one hundred, there was a walkway and decks overlooking a ravine, were the bedrooms were, and a sitting room where you parked. There was a door out to the deck and steps down to the walkway on the first floor and a couple of sets of stairs from the second and third floors to the walkway.
To Betsy's amazement with the windows opened the room cooled to a comfortable temperature. "I am taking a shower Mike. You want to help me?" She asked as she proceeded to retrieve her body soaps and wash sponge.
"Yes, why not." As he retrieved his soap on a rope.
While in the shower Betsy dropped the soap a few times to hint to her husband she needed to be spermed to calm down she was so horny, but he had other ideas and didn't take the bait. The couple exited the shower and dried each other.
"Put on your blouse we are going to a nice diner for dinner tonight it has live music on the weekends."
Betsy retrieved another long blouse she had in her overnight bag it was pink and to her chagrin her nipples were completely on display. "Mike you can make out my nipples in this top can I put on a bra?" She asked but knew what the answer would be.
"Let me see my dear." Mike made a show of looking over his wife's breasts then stated. "You look lovely."
The couple entered the Mustang and within ten minutes were in a quaint town with Pappy's Diner as the centerpiece to the town. You could hear the music before you saw the diner. Mike found a place to park and walked around to open the door for Betsy.
"I feel I am going to be naked in this place before the night is out." She expressed in dismay to her husband.
"I guarantee you will be naked before the end of the night, but maybe not here." Mike told his wife.
Because the car was so low to the ground Betsy could not get out of the seat without showing the world what she had for breakfast to her husband's delight. He never gets tired of seeing his wife's pussy on show in public.
They stayed for a couple of hours, had dinner which was fantastic, danced to the live music. The only downside to the night Mike didn't make any demands on Betsy to show off, her body in the place. She was disappointed! Betsy was fearful but primed to show off, also very horny from her day's activities.
It was dark out about nine thirty when Mike said. "Let's go back to the motel my dear."
Reluctantly Betsy let her husband lead her through the dance floor as she covertly unbuttoned her long blouse as she walked. By the time she stood by the Mustang, her husband unlocked the door, and put the top down. She gave him a full frontal of her naked body. He came around to open the door for her.
"Did I get your attention?" She asked as she slid into the passenger seat while she gave him a pussy show. Betsy noticed her husband had wood a good sign for tonight.
"You will pay my dear wait until I get you back to the motel."
"Promises, promises!" She teased.
The couple started down the road. "Take off the blouse Betsy."
"What if there are kids at the motel?"
"They will see what their mommy looks like nude."
Without further discussion Betsy did what was asked and rode nude but for sandals to the motel. It was a warm night, and she enjoyed the wind on her nude body.
Mike went around the car and helped his wife out of the vehicle, she crouched down as he opened the door to the motel for her. He brought her to the door to the deck on the opposite side of the motel.
Betsy stopped in fear. "I'm naked someone may see me on the deck."
"I am going to administer your punishment for teasing me all night."
Mikes said ushering his reluctant nude wife out onto the deck, placing her against the rail facing the gorge. "Hold not the rail my dear."
Betsy was really getting scared now, she was afraid he was going to spank her on her bottom. She was relieved when she felt his naked pecker as he poked her ass cheeks with it. "Can't we go inside and make love? I'm afraid we will get caught."
"I want to relive the other night when I had sex with you in front of the group of young men." Mike said as he found his mark and pushed into his wife's dripping pussy.
She let out a surprised squeak when her husband entered her and a moan when he bottomed out in her pussy. Betsy tried to be quiet, but her husband pounded into her with vigor. This caused her to moan loudly. She looked up and a few couples from above looked down on them to see where the moans came from. The group above were mesmerized by the older couple as they fucked their way to orgasm. Betsy screamed when she came it felt so good and Mike let out a loud grunt. When the couple disengaged from their coupling, they received a cheer from all who watched them.
Some of the comments heard as Betsy and Mike scrambled to their room were. "We have never seen anyone fuck in person before." And "We still have hope when we get old." And. "You have a sexy lady, no wonder you want to show her off in ecstasy."
"I don't believe I let you make love to me outside the motel room."
"You had fun, didn't you?"
"Mike that was wild, what are we going to do to top that?"
"Your perverted husband will find something that will top our public fuck."
The couple went to bed satisfied but tired from a full day of games.
They awoke the next morning, showered together, Betsy primped, donned a long yellow top, and secured only two buttons, which left a lot the possibilities for pussy and boob shows. Mike packed and they headed for Brattleboro Vermont where they have weekend figure study drawing in the park on Main Street unbeknown to Betsy.
The couple stopped at a diner on the way. Mike had Betsy perform for the servers. The lucky young men caught glimpses of the mature woman's pussy and breasts as the couple ordered and any time the either young man came to their table.
It was about eleven o'clock when they arrived at Brattleboro.
"What is the barrier for in the park, Mike." Betsy asked suspiciously.
"It is for art in the park, they have it here every Sunday during the summer, Betsy."
"Are we going to look at the art pieces today that is why you brought me here?" Betsy was getting the feeling that she will be naked in the park before too long, by the way her husband evaded the questions she asked.
"I will find a parking spot and then we can go see what is happening in the park." Mike gave his wife a disarming smile, that sent tremors to her pussy.
"I am going to be naked in the park!" She thought.
Mike parked and helped his wife out of the Mustang she couldn't keep her modesty because the car is so low to the ground. Betsy gave a few admiring men a glimpse of her pussy. A few women who saw Betsy's pussy show, were jealous of the almost naked woman.
Betsy and Mike walked hand in hand to the park. She was relieved to see many women dressed as she was or with skimpier clothing. Although they were a lot younger.
Betsy and Mike walked the few blocks to the entrance to the enclosed area. There was an admission fee. As they walked up to the gates a few of the couples in front of them were asked. "Models or guests."
The models were let in without paying, now Betsy knows she will be nude as soon as the mature couple go through the gates. It was their turn. "Model or guests."
"My wife will be a model today." Mike stated as he smiled at his wife.
They were let through, and Betsy saw the women who were models remove their clothing. "I will hold your top for you Betsy. Good thing you dressed lightly today." Mike said with a smile, as he helped his wife disrobe.
"You are really loving this aren't you Mike, having your poor wife nude in public."
"Yes, I wish you thought of this adventure sooner Betsy."
"Yah right. I feel like I am a babe in the woods and the big bad pervert took advantage of me." Betsy said. She was in erotic overload to be nude in a group setting but didn't want her husband to know how thrilled she was. Betsy wanted to have her husband feel guilty to have her strip nude because she has guilt for her desire to be nude in a group setting, and the thrill she receives when she shows her intimate parts to others.
The photographers started to work with some of the younger women. It seemed that the ladies were there before as most of the photographers knew them by name. Betsy and Mike wandered through the area and looked at some of the poses the women took. For the most part the women were nude but showed very little a nipple here some pussy hair there.
At one area the model was sitting in a chair and the young photographer asked. "Could move forward and spread your knees apart?"
The model angrily stated. "You're a pervert, I only do classical nudes not pornography." She got up and left in a huff.
"Sir, my wife is a model, and she would be willing to get into the pose you asked for." Mike said to the photographer to the embarrassment of his wife.
The photographer asked. "Mam will you be willing to pose for me?"
"I have to talk with my husband first." The couple walked out of earshot and Betsy laid into her husband. "Warn me first before you do something like that. You embarrassed me."
"Sorry, I thought you would love to show your feminine bits to the photographer and anyone else that is watching him take photos? So will you do the shoot?"
"You know I would but let me decide. I don't want you to decide who I will show my pussy to."
Betsy walked over to the young photographer. "Hi, my name is Betsy."
"Hi Betsy, my name is Clifford or Cliff for short. I am not a pervert." He stated embarrassed.
"I know your not, so how do you want me to pose?"
Betsy sat in the chair, slid forward, and spread her legs. He was still not satisfied. "Could you put one leg up on the chair arm?"
Without hesitation Betsy put one leg over the arm of the chair, thus she exposed her intimate being to the world and for anyone to observe. She smiled at the camera. The people who wandered close to the site of the photo shoot stopped to observe the beautiful naked lady in the erotic pose. More people stopped to watch as the photographer positioned Betsy in ever increasingly erotic poses.
"Could you please put your hand next to your vagina?" The photographer asked Betsy while she was in her spread position.
Without hesitation Betsy moved her left hand to the side of her pussy.
The photographer wasn't satisfied and said. "I want you fingers closer to your vaginal opening."
Betsy smiled at the group that formed to watch and inserted two fingers in her honeypot. The group who watched flinched when they saw the model insert her fingers in her pussy. It was such a private moment played out in public. The photographer was satisfied with the pose and took many photos from different angles. The group of people were mesmerized by the innocence of the model's facial expression and the erotic intensity of the pose.
Some of the women who viewed the mature naked woman's poses were jealous of her innocent sexuality and the boldness of her poses. Other women the wiser ones took note of this woman's sexuality to use in their relationships when they saw how their men reacted to the woman's intimate exposure.
The session continued: The photographer asked. "Could you kneel on the chair with your back to us and spread your legs as far as the chair will permit and then look back over your shoulder at the camera."
Betsy happily assumed the pose without any hesitation, looked over her shoulder, smiled at the photographer and the spectators who assembled to watch her session. The number who watched grew the longer she posed.
Betsy could see her husband in close proximity to her. He had a smile of delight on his face. She knew she was totally exposed to the group as she could feel the cool air on her lady lips and brown star. "I guess this is good practice for when I model for the show in a week." She thought with a smile.
As the Betsy stayed in the pose her husband noted her expression changed to an expression of embarrassment. It took him a few minutes to understand her embarrassment. He could see moisture on her pussy lips, and it ran along her thigh. The group assembled were fascinated by the older woman's excitement, as it ran down her thigh.
She was glad the session was over. Betsy was in a horny state because all the men and women who watched her exposure, when she shows her pussy in public it turns her on.
After the last pose the Photographer said. "Thank you for modeling for me." He gave Betsy a model release. "Sign the release and I will give you a hundred dollars for your time and a business card. Contact me if you want to model again."
Betsy signed the release and received compensation. She looked at the card with her husband by her side. "Mike look, the photographer is from Pownal Vermont.
"Do you want to model for him again my dear?"
"Mike, you like me to be naked in front of other people. When you get bored again maybe I will call him?"
"Yeah, that could work."
The couple walk toward the back of the park and there was another cordoned off area with an opaque fence.
"Betsy what were you thinking my dear? While you were in the last pose? You went from a happy expression to one of embarrassment."
"Did you notice anything my dear while I was in the last pose?"
"Only that you looked beautiful in all your naked glory. You let everyone see your lady bits with innocence."
"I was dripping wet, and the excitement was running down my leg."
"Oh that! It showed that you enjoyed your exposure and that fascinated many of the people who watched your session."
More photographers asked for Betsy's service, she posed for two hours with different photographers, and was totally exposed to all present. She loved it but found the poses to be tedious after a while. She was astonished how much money she made now she knows the real worth of her naked body. This has bolstered her notion of self-worth.
The couple was at the opaque fence which had a guard at the entrance. A sign on the entrance stated:
SEXUAL POSES AREA
Admittance $50.00 a person
No one under twenty-one admitted.
"Betsy, do you want to get in and see what is happening?"
"Yes, I do, but they want a hundred dollars as an entrance fee."
"You made over six hundred dollars for modeling use that."
"I have a better Idea." Betsy walked to the guard. "I am one of the models and this is my manager."
"Okay you can enter." The guard said as he moved aside. He was captivated by the composure of Betsy while she was nude.
"What if you don't want to model here." Mike whispers as they walked through a blind to gain entrance to the area.
"Don't worry about it Mike, how much more can anyone do in public." Betsy said as they turned the corner to gain entrance to the area. The naked woman stopped dead in her tracks. "Oh, my dear, they are having all kinds of sex out in the open in this area."
What the couple saw was nothing less than an orgy and they were not interested in that. The couple was satisfied with the exposure of Betsy in public to date.
"I think this is a bridge too far my dear. Time to go home." Mike said as he directed his wife back out into the main area.
It was nearly four PM when the couple started for their vehicle. They arrived at the exit point from the park to Main Street with Betsy still nude. The guard at the checkpoint said. "Mam, you have to at least put on something before you leave here."
"Oh sorry." Betsy said and put on the long blouse but didn't secure it. She gave everyone a full frontal of her naked body. "Is this better?"
"A little bit, you look beautiful naked it is a shame ask, but how about securing a few buttons." The guard asked with a smile.
"Okay, I will secure two buttons."
"It is a pity to have you cover your lovely body, but that is what the city fathers have decreed."
The couple walked arm in arm to their auto. Betsy released the two buttons before she entered the vehicle. "I feel more comfortable without the buttons pulling on my boobs." She gave as a reason to open her blouse.
"Do you want to go to Publik House in Bennington?"
"Sounds good to me Mike."
Mike found Vermont route nine and headed over the green mountains to Bennington. Betsy took a nap en-route to the restaurant. The hours she spent modeling tired her out.
"To be a model tires a person out." Mike thought as he looked over at his naked wife asleep beside him.
They arrived at Publik House, Mike awakened his wife, she exited the vehicle and gave the people on the deck a show as she secured the buttons on her dress. They entered the establishment and were sat in a corner with some privacy to Mike's delight.
While they looked at the menu a male server came to their table. "My name is Toby, and I will be your server tonight. What would you like as a beverage?" He stated formally.
The couple gave the young man their order. Betsy said. "That kid looks like he has a stick up his ass, he has to loosen up." With a mischievous twinkle in her eyes, she undid both buttons and folded over the edges of the blouse. Betsy faced the wall and Mike had his back to the wall, so the only ones that will see her nakedness will be her husband and the server.
The server came back and put their drinks on their table as he said. "Are you ready...." Betsy turned, her breast came into view, and Toby's train of thought was derailed. His eyes nearly popped out of his head, and he started to stammer. "Ah tits okay I mean it's getting hooter I mean hotter in this corner. Ah no I will be back." He left to compose himself.
"Well, I think that worked out well." Mike said and Betsy giggled.
Toby came back with his pad, Betsy made sure she stayed covered.
"Are you ready to order?"
"Yes, we are, I am sorry if I embarrassed you, Toby."
"No, you didn't embarrass me you just surprised me." Toby explained.
"So, you don't mind if I let my girls hang out with us then?"
"That would be fine with me." Toby stated as he thought. "The woman is older than my mother. I wonder if my mother has the same inclinations as this woman does?"
Betsy looked at the smiling server. "Toby, what are you thinking? I bet I know? Would my mother do something like this in a restaurant? This brought a blush to the young man's face. "Your expression is telling my dear young man."
Mike piped up. "Betsy show, the young man heaven on earth."
"I don't know Mike do you think he is ready for that?"
"I think we will ask him. Toby, you want to see heaven on earth?"
The couple have the young man primed as from her vantage point she could see he pitched a tent in his pants. "I would really like to see that." Toby stated excitedly.
"I will show you when you bring our meals back. Can we order now?"
Toby took their order and he said slyly. "You know I will need help to bring your meal to you."
"That is fine with us." Mike stated and Betsy smiled in agreement.
"Do you think we are going to far." Betsy asked, when the young man left to place their order..
"No, I think you have made the young man's day."
The couple discussed the day and the fun Mike had as he watched his wife pose and the fun she had with her exposure.
As promised Toby came back with another young man the same age. "Here are your meals." Toby stated as the young men waited expectantly.
The couple started to eat and ignored the two servers. Betsy looked at the two.
"Will there be anything else." Toby asked.
"No, I think we are good. Are you two waiting for something?" Mike teased.
"Well to be honest we were wondering what heaven on earth denotes." Toby asked face red.
"Oh, that heaven's gate actually. Both of you stand over there." Betsy pointed at an angle away from the table. She turned spread her legs and opened her blouse so they could see her naked glory. She took her fingers opened her pussy and stated. "See, heaven's gate."
"You are an unbelievable woman and so innocently sexy. Secure in your beauty. You show off your body beautifully not shamefully." Both servers responded in awe.
After Betsy's demonstration the couple were left to partake in their meal. They giggled as they discussed the looks Betsy received from the two servers. They came around to make sure the couple had everything they desired and to get another glimpse of the mature woman's sexy body.
When the meal was done, and Toby brought the check he hesitantly asked. "Would you be willing to model for myself and a few of my friends we are in the Fine Arts Program at Bennington College in the summer program."
Excitedly Mike jumped in, he wrote his number on a napkin and gave it to Toby. "Give us a call see if we can make time to have my wife pose for your group of scholars."
After Toby left to run the card Betsy said. "Jumped right on that proposal like a hobo on a ham sandwich. You really want me to spread my naked body around don't you."
"You said you're doing it for me, so I figured I could help you find gigs."
"Okay I see you're trying to help me with our obsession. Me naked in front of other people and you watching me show the world my pussy."
The server returned, Mike signed the check and they left. Betsy wasn't so blatant with her nudity on the way out. Mike opened the door for his wife she entered but couldn't do it modestly if she tried. Her beaver was on display for a time to Mike's excitement.
He walked around the car, entered, and put down the top. The area on route seven was too populated with families for Betsy to open her long blouse completely until they exited the town proper.
"Okay Betsy you can open your top now." Mike instructed as they went by the Apple Barn.
Betsy did as she was asked, and then turned to her husband. "I had a great time this weekend." She thanked him as she diddled her pussy for his visual enjoyment as they motored home.
"I love to watch my wife as she pleasures herself. She has only started doing it this weekend." He thought with glee.
"Oh, I need a hand, Mike." Betsy said as she reached for her husband's hand and placed it on her engorged pussy lips.
Mike put the car in dynamic cruise control which followed the road and slowed to the speed of any car in front of them. It was still a daunting task to diddle his wife's pussy while controlling the car.
Luckily it only took a few minutes to get her off.
"AAAHHHH I am cumming." She screamed and went into an after-orgasm fog. It took her a few minutes to come back to earth. Betsy had a smile on her face. "Thanks, I needed that. I have been so horny because of the adventures this weekend." She explained.
She remained nude for the duration of the ride home. Betsy took a nap. Mike admired his naked wife's features. They were home and Mike parked the car in the garage. He unloaded the car as his naked wife went to the master bath. He arrived just in time with the overnight bags to join her in the shower. Betsy gave her husband's pecker a tongue bath in appreciation for the wonderful weekend she had. He in turn washed her pussy thoroughly they dried each other and proceeded to the bedroom.
Round two: Mike gently laid his wife on the bed on her back. He spread her legs, crawled between them, and licked her clit until he could gently grab it between his teeth.
"OOOHH- AAAHHH, Mike that feels goooooodddddddddd." Betsy moaned.
He stuck his tongue in her pussy and she went off like a firecracker on four of July with a Scream that could be heard down the street.
Mike climbed on board and inserted his pecker in her soaked pussy. He went balls deep with one thrust and pounded her to her third orgasm of the night. After she came, he unloaded his offering deep in her pussy.
When she came back to earth Betsy said. "We need to take another shower before we retire for the night. I think alone would be better because my pussy is sore from all its abuse in the last hour."
Mike looked at his wife's pussy it was red and engorged. "In truth I am spent for the night also, but it was fun to get to this point. He thought with a contented smile.
They each took a shower and watched TV in bed naked. After the late news they cuddled in slumber. Life was good they thought as they dozed off for a good night's sleep.
Mike awoke to the smell of coffee and his wife singing. He donned shorts and went to the kitchen to find his wife nude with an apron as she cooked breakfast. They cleaned up the kitchen after breakfast. Betsy was too sore for sex but gave her husband a blowjob as he sat on the couch in the den. She went about her chore's nude. Mike was in his office as he tried to find something to do, boredom set in again.
Betsy's emotions went from excitement about the coming event to dread that she will not be able to pull off the character she was to play. The nude part of the gig didn't bother her as much as the mask and her circulating around the room. "What if someone recognizes my voice?" She thought.
Mike hopes this gig will be fun for his wife and couldn't wait for Thursday night so she will be nude in front of a group again. He never mentioned it to his wife, and she didn't ask him about it, so he just let it lie.
Betsy forgot about her need for a pubic trim until Thursday afternoon. Mike never said anything to her about this, as he was to set it up for her.
"Mike, I need to have by pubic area trimmed you were supposed to set it up? Are you going to do it for me?"
"Yes, I did set up a session for you and we have to be there by five thirty tonight."
The surprised woman asked. "With whom?"
"Bernie our barber."
"You mean he is going to see my pussy!"
"Yes, my dear that is the only way he will be able to trim down there."
"Couldn't you find someone we didn't know. I will never be able to go get my hair done again from him after tonight. I will be too embarrassed that every time he sees me he knows what my pussy looks like."
"The reason I want him to do this for us is that we go to him, and he is trustworthy, so I asked him, and he made special arrangements to do this for you."
"Well, I guess it is too late to find someone else so I will have to go to him. You are going to be with me, right?"
"My dear that is a foolish question of course I will be with you. I don't want you to show your pussy to anyone when I am not with you. I thought you knew that."
It was a tense few hours before Betsy and Mike had to leave for Bernie's place. Betsy was dressed in shorts, a bra, panties, her signature long top, and of course sandals, for the ride to Bernie's establishment. The ride was stressfully quiet, Mike should have warned his wife he could see that. This may go sideways on him.
Betsy and Mike entered the beauty shop. Bernie greeted Betsy he could see she was stressed. "Betsy let's sit down and talk." He then proceeded to gain her trust, as he calmed her, then he said. "I need your help. It would usually cost about one hundred and fifty dollars for the procedure with the tip. I will do it for free if you let a few of my students watch the procedure, as you know I teach at the college, but it is difficult to demonstrate a Brazilian wax procedure because it is so intimate."
"If you give me a year's free haircuts, perms, and waxing I will do it and you can have your student's watch every time." Betsy said before she thought of the consequences.
"Okay then we are good, and we can start as soon as the group gets here."
Five minutes later ten young men showed up and six she had in class. "Hi Mrs. Ford." They all said.
"This is my husband, Mike." She introduced him to the group. It shocked her that her former students will see her completely nude and spread. "How will I get out of this? I don't want my former students to see my pussy." she thought.
"Mrs. Ford thank you for letting us attend this procedure, we have had a hard time to find someone willing to let us view this."
Now Betsy was stuck she couldn't very well back out, she said. "Let's get started before I come to my senses."
Bernie locked the door and put a screen on the front of the large window. "Betsy,I think you should undress completely so we won't get any of the wax on your outfit and ruin it."
"Of course, you do Bernie." Betsy said sarcastically, then in a more cordial voice. "Do you have a dressing gown for me?"
"I knew I forgot something, no I am sorry."
Betsy went to the women's room and removed her garments. She took off her long blouse folded it and put it on the vanity, her shorts came next. She debated about the bra but mumbled. "To hell with it. Mike likes me nude, and I am getting free beauty treatments for a year." As she pulled down her panties, removed her bra, and threw them on the pile of clothes.
The group of men most aged twenty-two or less were captivated by their former teachers nakedness. In awe of her as she strolled into the room head held high and arms at her side. She presented them with a full frontal of her charms. This was only the beginning before Bernie is done, they will have an intimate knowledge of the beautiful older women, who by the way is probably older than most of their mothers.
Bernie took over: "Betsy please lay on the table on you back." He had her get on the table before he had the wax warm. "Mike plug in the wax heater." It takes about twenty minutes. "While the wax is heating up let's see what you want done Betsy." He said as he spread her legs for everyone to see her pussy.
Mike took over as his wife was too humiliated to talk. She was almost in tears with this situation. "We want the hair on her mound to stay but the hair around her vaginal opening and anus to be removed." He explained in the most proper terms he knew.
Bernie took one of her pussy lips between his finger and stated. "You want me to remove the hair on her lips, so her vagina is completely visible when she spreads her legs. Am I correct?"
"Yes, that is correct." Mike stated.
Bernie mauled Betsy's pussy with his fingers as he pretended to show the young men what will be done.
For twenty long minutes Bernie stroked Betsy's pussy as he spoke to the group about the procedure until. Betsy yelled in a high pitch moan. "I am Cumming." As an abundance of liquid squirted from her pussy. This is the first time this has happened to her. Betsy was in another world for a few minutes. Then totally humiliated when she realized what happened.
One of the young men who has little knowledge of women asked. "Did she just piss herself?"
Mike took over. "No, she just had a squirting orgasm and that is the first time I saw her do that."
Embarrassed Betsy went to the women's room and cleaned up, as Mike and Bernie cleaned up the table.
Mike went into the ladies' room to find is wife near tears. "Betsy it is all right, come back out the wax is ready, and we will be done in a short time."
Reluctantly the embarrassed woman existed the restroom and went to the table. She mounted it spread her legs and put her arm over her eyes, so she doesn't have to look at the young men gawking at her box.
Bernie had Betsy get on her side as he held her leg up with one hand, he put the wax on her lips let it set and used a strip to pull off her hair.
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH SHHIITT." She screamed and this was repeated about six times to get the hair removed that was needed. She was in tears before Bernie was done. He put powder on her pussy and then Mike helped her up. She dressed in just the long top left it opened and answered questions.
"Would you want to be waxed again?" One of the students asked.
"No, from now on Bernie will shave my vaginal area the waxing hurts too much."
"Don't you think the shaver with will cause shaver burn and hurt more." Another student asked.
"I don't know, this is the first time I had my vaginal area shaved. Usually I only trim it, so we will find out.
Betsy went to their SUV and in front of the group present removed her blouse and entered the vehicle nude for the drive home.
Tomorrow will be the real test of her courage to see if she will be able to perform.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica