The disadvantage to waking up in a bed between two men is that in order to pee you have to disturb at least one of them. Usually I've discovered that when you wake up a man by climbing over him when you're naked, you not only wake up their brain, you wake up their dick. You pee and then clean yourself, (you lucky men just give it a good shake), and try to make your lady parts presentable. You men just pee and climb back in bed and proceed to stick your dick in our mouth. Do you know just how bitter that last drop of pee tastes?
God, here I am again in some other man's bed. A naked man on either side of me, neither of which is my husband. He's still sleeping 3000 miles away, alone in a hotel, I hope! I just have to make it through today and tonight and he'll be home tomorrow to take me home and away from this crazy mess I've let myself agree to. I keep telling myself that I'm only doing this to please him. I'll do anything he asks just to please him. If it means allowing myself to be stripped naked by another man and allowing him to do anything he wants with him and anyone else, then, I'll do it. I am ashamed, I am humiliated, my actions run counter to who I am. But if my husband wants me to be his personal slut whore, I'll do it with no hesitation.
Jim, my husband wants me to put on a show for him tonight. He wants his best friend Randy to get several other men to come here and fuck me. He wants another of his friends, Robert to video everything that happens. Jim wants me to take a drug that removes all my inhibitions so I'll beg all the men to take me anyway they want. I know I'll do it. I know I'll do anything they tell me I know I'll open my body to any degrading thing they will come up with. And I know I'll beg for them to give me more. I know this is going to happen, I can't stop it. What worries me the most is the whole idea excites me.
Owen stirred and turned over onto his back, still asleep. Linda looked at the sleeping youth and remembered the night before when Owen had made love to her, not fucked but made love. She remembered how his larger than normal cock felt deep inside her. She could still remember how his huge balls felt as she took each one at a time in her mouth. She could still taste his cum mixed with her juices as she sucked and cleaned him after he erupted deep in her pussy. She smiled, yes he was one of the best she had had, not quite as good as her husband Jim, but a close second.
She carefully slid across the top of Owen's sleeping form, supporting herself as best she could on her hands and knees. When she was directly over him, she gently leaned in and kissed him on the lips, tasting their fluids from the night before. His eyes opened and he was momentarily confused as to who was above him. He quickly remembered who the beautiful woman was and how her body looked and felt as he had made love to her the night before. He reached up and pulled her down on top of him and kissed her deeply. Linda's position above him was such that she was wide open and when she settled down on top on him his erect cock was pushed up on her wide open pussy. It only took a couple of wiggles and the head was beginning to slide into her.
"Mmm, good morning, lover, sorry to wake you." Linda whispered. "My God, does that thing of yours ever go down?"
Owen moved a little more and slid his member a little further into Linda. "Sorry, I was having a wonderful dream about having sex with a beautiful woman that looked exactly like you. I guess dreams really can come true."
"Oh God, stop, you can't, not now, I mean I can't, not now." As she squirmed to pull herself off Owen's erection and off the bed. Owen had a look of surprised rejection on his face.
"I gotta pee in the worst way and if you push that big thing of yours any deeper you are going to squeeze my bladder. You, big boy won't have a golden shower but more like a golden bath. Sorry."
Linda rushed into the bathroom and sat down and with a sigh relaxed and let the urine flow.
After she finished she stood and looked at herself in the mirror and said, "Oh no, Oh my God no. I can't face the world looking like this.", and she stepped in the shower to wash away the sweat and cum from the previous night.
When she was finished she walked back into the bedroom where Owen waited still naked and uncovered. Randy was also awake also naked but with a corner of the sheet barely covering his manhood.
"Aww, you two look so cute, am I interrupting anything?" She teased, while taking a sexy pose and putting her hand over her mouth, mostly to hide her grin and to keep her from laughing.
"Oh God, No!" Owen said a little too loudly as he looked towards Randy and then down to his own nakedness. "You know I don't do that." He sputtered as he grabbed the sheet to cover his privates.
Linda couldn't hold herself any longer and burst out laughing at Owen's expense.
Randy seeing Owen's embarrassment joined in and threw a pillow at Linda and in mock indignation said, "Oh fuck you, bitch. If you could have waited a little longer before coming out and prancing around like a naked hussy, I might have been able to put my moves on this young stud."
At that Owen jumped out of bed and started out the door. Linda caught him in her arms and still laughing so hard she could hardly speak, hugged him tight and said, "Owen honey, we are just teasing you. After last night I for one know are a woman's man. I'm sorry." And she broke down in laughter again.
"I was just waiting for you to come back and we would finish what we started. And then Randy woke up and we were just talking about you. How beautiful you are and how wonderful it feels to, you know..." Owen was still trying to explain why he was naked in bed with another naked man.
Still hugging Owen and giving him little kisses all over his face, Linda said," I know, Sweetie, I was just being mean and teasing. I know." She reached down and cupped Owen's cock and balls in her hand squeezing him gently. "Oh, my God look, your thingy does get soft; I've never seen it down like that. Only thing though, it still isn't small. It's still a lot bigger than Randy boy's over there." As she said that she looked and behind Owen's back and gave Randy the finger and said, "And that is for calling me a bitch."
"Hey, Hey, you know I was only teasing. That and I'm jealous, Owen got you last night and was already starting again this morning. I want my turn. My little man is getting lonesome, just look," as he uncovered himself and showed Linda his erection.
"Sorry boys, my pussy is off limits to you and everyone else today. You well know that I somehow got talked into having a party tonight for my absent husband. You're going to be busy today rounding up at least 4 more willing, more than able if you know what I mean, acceptable studs to help me tonight. You can partake if you think you can get it up and don't get carried away around several naked men." Linda couldn't help putting another jab at the two.
"Can't we just get a little sample?" Randy whined.
"I'll burst before tonight", cried Owen.
"Poor babies, no samples, no quickies, no blow jobs, no hand jobs. You have to rest up and store all those little swimmers you can produce. I expect a big output from both of you. I want you to set the standard for the others to follow. I'm doing this for my hubby and I want him to be happy and horny when he comes home tomorrow. Understand?"
They both regretfully nodded that they understood.
"Good. Now both of you shower, you stink. Get dressed; we have a lot to do today."
Randy snapped to attention and saluted, "Yes Ma'am." His cock stood at attention too.
Owen just smiled, his cock still at parade rest.
Linda was sitting at the table in the kitchen drinking her morning coffee and nibbling on some toast. She was still totally naked having none of her clothes at Randy's house and he having no intention to give her any to wear. Even though she had been naked for 3 full days now, she still felt exposed and vulnerable. She felt reasonably comfortable being naked around Randy and Owen, but she never got over the fact that she was wearing nothing while everyone else was dressed.
Randy came into the room first, followed a few minutes later by Owen. Both had showered and were dressed. They puttered around the kitchen fixing themselves something to eat and discussed what they needed to do that day.
"Do either of you have anyone in mind to join in on this little party Jim requested?" Linda said between bites of toast.
"Well, I thought maybe we would ask Max and Tom from the market. You've met both of them and they've seen you, you know..." Randy replied.
"You mean after shoving exactly how many hot dogs up my pussy and ass? Yup, can't say that I need any false modesty around those two. Anyone else?"
"I know someone who would be interested." Owen spoke up. "I have a buddy, his name is Austin, he's pretty cool and all he ever talks about is wanting to get laid. I'll have to check with him though. He's been dating a really strange chick lately, he says she's kinda kinky and likes all kinds of sex. If he can get away for a night he'd be good to join in."
"I've been thinking about a guy I work with, Rick, he started working with me about a year ago. His fiancée is in medical school out of state and he sees her only every two or three weeks. He's cool and really smart, a nice guy, I think you and Jim would like him." Randy added.
"Ok my concerns are can they be trusted to keep their mouths shut about this? You know I'm a married woman and I have to live in this town. Jim's reputation is at stake here too. I'd feel better if this were happening a couple of hundred miles away, but this is Jim's call. I just don't want anybody like Terry and Mel showing up again."
"I'll vouch for Rick; I admit I fucked up with Terry and Mel THAT will never happen again." Randy said emphatically.
"Austin's cool, I'll explain things, he'll understand." Owen answered.
"Okay, that makes Max and Tom, Austin and Rick, you two and Robert with the camera. I guess that takes care of that. I still can't believe I'm letting myself be talked into this." Linda shook her head.
"Good, that's taken care of. I've got some running around to do today and I've come up with a couple of things for you to do to keep you occupied." Randy said with a mischievous grin.
"I'm not so sure I like that expression. Every time you come up with an idea, I end up naked in front of another bunch of men." Linda replied with some skepticism.
Randy quickly jumped up from the table and said, "Come on you two, time's a-wasting. We've places to go and people to see."
Owen looked to Linda and shook his head as if to say that he had no idea what was going on.
"Uh, Randy, people to see, what people? There's a little matter about clothes, like I don't have any."
"Oh God, woman, will you let it go. Details, details, details, you should know by now that you really don't need any clothes. And don't I always keep you covered in the end?" Randy tossed her another of his dress shirts whose arms were too long and the tail of the shirt just barely covered her front and back.
As Linda slipped into the shirt she realized there was no buttons, they had all been removed. "Randy, we have a little problem here. I can't wear this, no buttons. How am I supposed to keep it closed? And it's my ends that I'm trying to keep covered."
"Yup, I know. I cut them off last night. Figured it would save a lot of arguing over how many to button. Don't worry, you won't need it much anyway."
"Oh fuck, this doesn't sound like anything that's going to end well." She reached over and grabbed Owen's arm and pulled him close. "Owen, promise that you'll protect me from this perverted person."
Caught off guard by the other two's badgering and being grabbed by a half-naked woman Owen blushed and stammered, "Uh, yah sure, uh I won't let anything happen. I guess." He wasn't sure if she was joking or serious. This whole situation was way out of his realm of understanding. He was still trying to understand how Linda's husband would let a guy like Randy keep his wife naked and offer her up to what seemed everybody they came across. And why a beautiful woman like Linda just seemed to do whatever Randy told her to do.
As they all got in Randy's truck and were driving towards town, Randy said, "First stop, I need fuel. There's a self-serve station just down the road. Their prices are always a few cents higher than everyone else so it won't be busy." He looked at Linda and smiled.
He drove in to the station and parked at the pump furthest from the cashier which was also closest to the road. There were no other vehicles pumping fuel. "Okay, babe, fill it up." He handed Linda $50. "It won't take that much, you'll have to get the change. Oh and give me the shirt, I don't want to get the gasoline smell on it." Randy laughed.
"What! You expect me to just hop out naked and pump your fuel? You want me to walk over and give him the money and stand here in front of everybody? Naked, with no clothes, nothing! No fucking way!"
"Now Linda, remember Jim said to do everything I asked. Look around, there aren't any other customers. There's no one to see you except the cashier. He's got to be bored out of his mind. You'll make his day. And if you don't, I'll take you across the road to that shopping center parking lot and dump your naked ass out and make you walk back to my place. It's only a couple of miles. Come on, it'll be exciting, you know you like to do things like this."
"Randy, you ass, you're pushing your luck. When Jim comes home, he's going to make you pay for this."
Linda slid the shirt off her shoulders and with only light tennis shoes on her feet she grabbed the money and climbed out of Randy's truck. She took a deep breath and with her head high and shoulders back, she walked calmly to the cashier and handed him the $50 and told him that it probably wouldn't take that much and she would be back for the change. She then walked back to the truck and started fueling it.
She had only been standing there for a minute when another vehicle pulled in and stopped on the other side of the same pump. The male driver didn't notice her until he had gotten out of his car and was removing the nozzle from the pump when he looked up and saw that there was a completely naked woman pumping fuel not two feet away from him.
Linda was mortified. She had hoped that she could have finished and got the change and back in the truck without being noticed, but it was not to be the case. Now a complete stranger was standing right in front of her looking at her naked body. She couldn't move, she couldn't cover herself, it was like a nightmare. Only it was really happening.
The guy was the first to say something, "Uh, can I ask you a question?" He asked never taking his eyes off Linda's naked body.
Determined not to lose it, Linda returned his stare and just said, "What?"
"Uh, I know you are aware and all, I mean you're just standing there all naked and everything, but why? Are you in trouble or anything? I mean are you being forced to do this? Are you okay?"
Realizing that the guy was maybe just as uncomfortable as she was gave her some confidence and she actually found that it was rather funny. She smiled and said, "That's four questions. Under the circumstances I'll grant you that much. Why? Well, I lost a bet with my husband there in the truck." She looked at Randy and continued with her fabrication. "He decided to bring along his best friend to show that I paid off the bet. Am I in trouble, no, but he is, big time. Am I being forced? Yes and no, yes because do you think I'd stand here stark naked in broad daylight on a public street and pump my husband's fucking truck full of fuel? No because I'm not going to let him have the satisfaction of saying I reneged on a bet. And last, am I okay? I'll let you answer that question. Do I look okay?" Linda took a step forward so he could see her better, spread her arms and legs apart presenting herself to him.
"You are definitely okay." Looking at her from head to toe and lingering on her pussy and hard nipples he smiled and added. "I'd have to say that you are way more than okay. I'd also have to say that your husband is a dumb shit to make you do this. I don't think I'd like to be in his shoes when you pay him back."
Just then Linda's pump clicked indicating that the tank was full. She put the nozzle back in the pump and without any hesitation, walked past the guy and back to collect the change. As she was walking back to Randy's truck, another truck pulled in with two men in the cab. They stopped and Linda walked across in front of them like nothing was amiss. Just as she got in front of them she stopped and turned towards them and gave them a big smile and a wave then walked on to Randy's truck.
As she passed by the man parked beside them, she stepped up to him and said," I have to confess something to you. Neither man in the truck is my husband. The driver is my husband's friend, who he loaned me to, and the other guy is his friend and my husband has never met him." With that she climbed back into Randy's truck.
"Ok, Randy, you've had your fun, let's get the fuck out of here before one of these red-necks decides they want to join this party." Linda said looking none too happy.
"Holy shit, I can't believe what you just did." Owen said as he sat beside Linda.
"On to our next adventure, Yee Haw!" Randy laughed as he drove away from the fuel station.
"Next adventure my ass," Linda said. I've got a great idea, the next stop, you get naked and I'll sit all safe in the truck and watch you make a fool of yourself."
"Not to worry sweetheart, the next stop will be nothing."
"Why do I not believe you? Oh maybe it's because I'm sitting here stark fucking naked. Ya think?"
Randy laughed and Owen sat dumbfounded that Linda seemed to do anything Randy said. No matter how embarrassing it was to her.
"Here we are," Randy said as he pulled into a package liquor store. Gotta pick up a little refreshment for the big party tonight. Come on everybody."
Linda sat firmly in the seat and said, "Ah, No! I am not walking into that store naked. There are other people in there and somebody is going to take exception to me just walking in there au-natural. I don't want to be hauled away to jail for indecent exposure."
"Linda sweetie, you are about as decent as anyone could ever be. I can't imagine any man objecting to having a customer looking like you."
"No, Randy, No fucking way."
"I was just teasing you, here, put on the shirt. It's long enough to cover you and it looks like a dress on you anyway."
"Long enough if I don't reach up or bend over you mean." Linda slipped the shirt on and reached for the buttons before she realized that Randy had removed them. She clutched the middle of the shirt together in a feeble attempt to cover herself. She muttered to herself, "I can't believe this is really happening."
Randy walked into the store, followed by a very uncomfortable Linda, and then Owen who wondered what Randy was going to do next.
Randy proceeded to move up and down the isles picking out bottles and placing them in the cart. When he got to an area that was pretty much out of view, he stopped and looked at Linda. "Linda, Honey, this cart seems to have a bad wheel, could you go up front and get me another one, please?"
"Randy, No! You know I can't push a cart like this. If I let go of this shirt, it'll open and show everything!"
"Sure you can, just be careful and you'll be fine. Just leave it like that, it really looks better that way."
"Randy, there are too many people in here. Everyone is going to see me. Please!"
"Linda, you know the rules, you have to do as I say, remember what Jim said, because if you don't I'll just have to take the shirt away right now and then you'd really have a problem. Just how do you think you'd get out of here if you didn't have that big shirt to cover you?"
"Randy, you bastard, you are going to pay for this!" Linda gave up knowing Randy would indeed take away her shirt and leave her naked inside the store.
"Oh, by the way, it looks a little ridiculous with you holding the front like you're doing. Let go of the shirt, please." He reached over to her and opened her shirt completely before turning her toward the front of the store and giving her a gentle nudge.
Linda gave him the evil eye and partially closed the front of the shirt. It was still opened three or four inches showing that there was nothing under the shirt but bare skin. She walked carefully to the front of the store and got another cart. Using both hands to push it, she leaned forward to capture the front of the shirt between herself and the cart handle in an attempt to keep her shirt from flapping open. She was only partially successful.
When they got to the check-out counter, Randy stepped away from the cart and said to Linda, "Here, you get the things out, I forgot something."
Linda knew what he was up to, in order to get the things out of the cart, she had to lean over and reach, exposing her breasts as she leaned and also the back of the shirt slid up exposing her ass to everyone behind her. Blushing and trying her best she carefully took each item out of the cart and placed it on the counter. The man behind the counter never moved, his eyes glued to the front of her shirt that was now open from top to bottom exposing Linda's side boobs, navel, and all the way down to her pubic hair which was now visible.
Just as she was finished, Randy came up and said, "Linda, honey, go grab two ten pound bags of ice while I pay this good man."
Linda went to the cooler and as soon as she opened the door, the cold air hit her sweaty chest and her nipples hardened immediately. "I'm going to kill that mother fucker, I swear." She mumbled as she grabbed a plastic bag of ice in each hand. As she walked back to the counter the shirt was no longer being held closed and opened exposing her breasts and hard nipples as well as her pussy. She walked past three men getting back to Randy and they, as well as the man behind the counter and the now four other men waiting in line all watched as Linda carried the ice exposed from head to foot.
Randy looked at the other men and said, "Beautiful ain't she? I'm looking after her for my friend, her husband, while he's out of town. He told her to do everything I said. Hope you don't mind her outfit. Usually she don't even have that on. Ain't that right Linda?"
All the men stood looking at her. Absolutely mortified, Linda looked at the men and said, "That's right Randy, my husband knows I'm safe with you because your pecker is so small that you couldn't get it in far enough to do anything."
With that she smiled at the admiring men and said' "I'll meet you at the truck." And walked out the door still carrying the bags of ice and still exposed to anyone in the parking lot. She could hear the men in the store laughing at the dig she gave Randy. She smiled and said to herself, "Got ya, you bastard."
When Randy and Owen got to the truck, Linda was still standing there holding the ice, her shirt was now almost completely off her shoulders. She made no attempt to cover herself. She wouldn't give Randy the satisfaction of seeing her loose her cool. Owen could hardly restrain himself from laughing. Linda leaned over and gave Owen a little kiss and winked. Owen blushed and quickly grabbed the bags of ice and put them in an ice chest in the back of the truck.
Once they were back on the road Randy looked over at Linda and said, "If I didn't love you so much I'd probably be pissed, but I know you were just getting back at me. Good job! You won that round. It was worth it to see you carrying that ice and look at the expression on everybody's face when your shirt opened up. It was priceless. And you didn't even bat an eye! Linda, you are one brave woman, I've got to hand it to you, you have guts. Oh by the way, did you notice all the security cameras in the store? I bet every inch of the area is under surveillance. They will have an interesting video to look at. I bet they save all those tapes for review."
Linda just groaned.
Owen laughed and said, "I nearly pissed my pants when your shirt opened. I thought for sure that you'd drop the ice and scream and try to cover yourself. When you just looked straight at everybody and kept on walking like nothing was wrong, I didn't know what to do. And when you jabbed Randy, I nearly busted a gut from laughing. Linda, you are my hero."
"Owen, baby, I hope you are rested up for tonight because I'm going to show you just how much I appreciate you. I just hope I don't hurt you when I show old Randy here what happens when you treat a woman the right way."
Owen blushed as Linda gave him another lingering kiss and rubbed his leg brushing against his erection. "My God, Owen, is that thing always hard?" Linda could feel Owen shiver from her touching.
"Ok who is ready to eat? Last stop before we head for home?"
Both Owen and Linda agreed that they were hungry. Linda said, "Drive through only, I am not going in anywhere dressed, or better said, undressed like this."
"Not to worry, this place will make you look overdressed. It's just down the road a mile or so."
Randy pulled into the parking lot of a building that had no windows and boasted on a sign in the front, "Noon Lunch Specials! Come In For the Noon Show!"
"Oh dear God, Randy, you have got to be kidding me. A fucking strip joint, you are taking me to lunch at a strip joint?"
"Sure, you'll have a ball! The food is actually really good and the beer is cold. Come on you two. You can hold the shirt closed if you want. Come on Owen!"
Owen looked like a deer caught in headlights. "I've never been to a strip joint. I mean I've never seen but a couple of women. I mean I've seen you naked more than any woman in my life." He looked like he was going to faint.
Linda looked at Owen and felt so sorry for the young inexperienced man. "Come on Owen, let's do this together. I'll keep you safe. It'll be fun. And I don't have to be naked."
As they walked in, Linda was surprised to find a clean well-lit area with what looked like fifty or so tables surrounding a stage that was elevated so everyone could see the dancers. There were maybe fifty to sixty men and a few women siting watching a young blond girl dancing topless and wearing a tiny G-string. She looked like she could easily be a college student, not at all like the worn out hooker that Linda had expected. Nearly everyone was eating and it appeared that there must be a good menu. At least the food looked and smelled good. They found a table one row away from the stage and sat down.
Randy told them what to order for him and said he needed to talk to someone and he would be right back. He told them to order whatever they wanted and a pitcher of beer for him.
They placed their orders and shortly after Randy returned to the table, they were served.
The sandwiches and fries were to die for. Linda couldn't believe such good food was served in a strip joint. She swore to herself that she was going to bring her husband, Jim, here. She laughed at the thought of bringing her husband to a place where he could look at sexy young women while they took off all of their clothes. The beer was from a local micro-brewery and went down smooth. Maybe too smooth because Linda found herself moving to the music and forgetting that she was wearing only a man's shirt and nothing else. She would close her eyes and imagine herself dancing for her husband. God she couldn't wait for him to be home. She even let Randy and Owen see that she was letting the shirt gap open enough that almost all of her breasts were visible. She would catch them looking and smile not pulling the shirt closed at all.
Randy and Owen were watching the half dozen young dancers as each did their three numbers. The girls would come out with just a bra like top and thongs or G-strings and would be topless half way through the first number, and completely naked half way through the second. They didn't spend much time teasing. Everyone came to see totally naked women, not partially naked. Randy and Owen would make comments about each dancer, mostly good comments, admiring their bodies.
Owen had had the better part of a pitcher of beer and was more vocal than his usual self. He looked at Linda with more than a little lust in his eye and leaned over and said, "You know something? Those girls are sexy, but in my book you have every one of them put to shame. I bet you could dance better than they can too. I'd love to see you up there."
"Owen, sweetie, you've had too many beers. All those young things up there put this old lady to shame. Nobody wants to see me up there, especially naked."
"You're wrong, Linda, I'll bet everyone here would love to see you up there naked.
Hey, Randy, don't ya agree that Linda would look great up there on stage?"
"Owen, my boy you are exactly 100% right. Linda would be the hit of the show. Come on Linda, hop up on the stage and show us your stuff."
"No way, guys. I'd be laughed off the stage before I got my shirt off. Anyway even if I would, they wouldn't let me dance here anyway. They'd ask me to leave."
"There's where you are wrong. I already asked if they'd let you and they said no problem," Randy replied.
Linda had enough to drink to somehow let herself stop for a second and consider the offer. She realized that she had just been thinking of dancing for her husband. It was a small step away from dancing for her husband's friend and sweet young Owen. She did a quick look around and didn't see anyone that she knew.
Randy started talking to the tables around them telling them that if they all asked, Linda might dance for them. Soon more and more men were encouraging her to get up on the stage and dance.
Owen looked at Linda with the biggest puppy dog eyes and said, "Come on Linda, dance for me, please."
Later Linda would look back and wonder what in the world she was thinking and what possessed her to give in. She would blame the beer, she would blame the fact that she was hot for her husband to come home and she would blame Owen's puppy dog eyes for agreeing to dance.
She no more than got the words out and Randy had escorted her to the back of the room to a door that led to the dancer's dressing room. The manager met them at the door, gave Linda a once over and nodded to Randy and said. "So this is who you were talking about. I can see what you mean."
He then turned to Linda and said, "You know what you are doing, right? I mean you don't have to strip completely, but if you don't you might get booed off the stage. You're doing this of your own free will right?"
Linda looked at the manager and said, "How about if I just take off my shirt? Would that be okay?" She opened her shirt and showed him that there was nothing under it.
"Honey, just taking off the shirt is fine with me. You will be a hit out there. You're on in five minutes."
Randy hurried back to their table and as he sat down the DJ announced that they had a special request dancer and would everyone give a big hand for "Lady Linda." The music started and Linda looking more than a little panicked took a deep breath and danced out to the middle of the stage wearing Randy's borrowed shirt and nothing else, not even shoes.
Linda looked at Randy and Owen and saw the big grins on their faces and told her self that she could do this. She focused on the music and was soon lost in it moving to the beat and rhythm. She imagined that she was dancing for her Jim and soon nearly forgot about the fifty plus strangers waiting for her to take off her shirt.
She moved to the song while keeping the shirt closed. Then about half way through the first song, she fully opened the shirt and flashed the audience her naked body. She closed it quickly as the men cheered and beat on their tables and shouted "Take it off!"
Take it off she did, in one quick movement, Linda whipped off the shirt and tossed it toward their table. It hit Owen square in the face and he nearly fell over backward. He took it in his hands and pressed it to his nose to smell Linda's scent. He broke out in the biggest smile in the room.
Linda now with absolutely nothing on finished the first dance to the roars of the crowd. The second dance she went from slow erotic movements to swaying her breasts and touching and pulling her nipples as she leaned over to show how her natural full heavy breasts hung. She turned her back to the crowd and spread her legs wide and leaned over to look back at the leering men. Her ass and pussy were completely open and to be viewed.
She could feel herself begin to get wet as she danced and realized that so many men were looking at her naked body and seeing up close her open pussy and now wet pubic hair. She faced the crowd, squatted down and opened her knees as wide as she could and still keep her balance. She ran her fingers up and down her opening and spread herself exposing her swollen clit. When she touched herself, it felt like an electrical shock.
She danced to the third number trying to show herself as openly and completely as possible. Her bouncing, swaying, hanging breasts, her open wet pussy and her puckered asshole. Nothing was hidden, everything was exposed to anyone who wanted to see and it seemed to Linda that everyone wanted to see everything.
Finally when the third number was over and she was dripping with sweat, she just stood there naked on the stage as the crowd cheered and banged their glasses on the tables.
With no music, Linda suddenly came back from that happy place and realized that she was now just a naked woman standing in front of over fifty men and they were all looking at her naked body. She motioned for Owen to pass her the shirt so she could cover herself. He handed it to her and as she walked off the stage she covered her embarrassment.
After a few minutes she made her way back to the table through the crowd of admiring men. She had the shirt on but it hung open and her front was visible from head to toe. What was the use of trying to cover herself after showing herself so completely only minutes before.
"Randy, can we leave now, I want to get out of here and go home. I need to shower the sweat off me and I want to sleep and rest for tonight. Please let's leave now."
Once in the car, Linda snuggled tight next to Owen. Her shirt barely covering her, she pushed her face in his neck and let her body completely relax. She was suddenly so completely exhausted. Owen pushed his nose in her long brunette hair and inhaled her sweaty woman scent. One hand went to a breast and as he softly squeezed and massaged it he took a nipple and gently pinched and pulled on it. The other hand went to her moist pubic hair and as he slid his finger lower, Linda slightly spread her legs allowing him to slide a finger deeper into her. His thumb found and pushed on her sensitive clit. Linda took a deep breath and let a long sigh escape as she drifted off to sleep.
It took about 30 minutes to drive back to Randy's house. Linda slept cuddled next to Owen the whole way. When they arrived she awoke and still groggy from the beer and dancing, staggered into the house and told the men that she was going to shower and then take a nap to rest up for her performance for her husband later that night.
She showered, cleaning herself thoroughly, shaved her legs and arm pits and trimmed her pubic hair. She wanted Jim to see her and want her as bad as bad as she wanted him. As she slipped into bed and closed her eyes she wondered why she was in a few hours going to allow over a half dozen men to fuck her as often as they wanted. They were going to record their cocks being shoved in her pussy and mouth and pump their cum inside of her and over her body where ever they wanted. And she would beg for every inch of cock she could get, and beg for more. As she slipped to slumber, she whispered to herself, "Jim, honey I hope you know what you are asking me to do and I hope I can do everything you ask."