The drama department's bulletin board was plastered with sign-up sheets for auditions. Tristan's eyes flitted over his options, skipping anything directed by undergrads. He had limited time this semester as it was his last year at school and he wanted to build a strong portfolio of successful shows before graduating. He found one bulletin that listed the director as a PhD student and booked an audition time before glancing at the line of text at the top of the page.
Please be aware that the male lead role requires nudity. Inform me of whether you are auditioning for male lead or only for supporting roles at the time of your audition.
Lead roles were few and far between for Tristan. Despite his consistent success in his drama classes, he found himself being type-cast again and again because of his Asian heritage. He hovered for a moment, trying to determine whether he would be comfortable with nudity. It would likely mean less competition for the role and a great addition to his acting resume. Plus, acting was never about staying within one's comfort zone. Tristan left his name on the list.
The day of the audition arrived and Tristan waited patiently outside the fourth floor classroom that had been assigned for the purpose. The two monologues he often used for auditions ran silently through his mind. Nudity, on the other hand, was far from his thoughts. He would start thinking about that challenge if he got the role.
A first year student Tristan vaguely recognized exited the room. There was a bit of colour in his cheeks and a look of permanent embarrassment across his face. Tristan offered him a smile. He remembered his early auditions and how poorly many of them had gone. As the younger man passed, Tristan thought he noticed a bulge beneath the fabric of his jeans. Tristan smiled a little bigger. Oh the ways embarrassment multiplies itself. Auditions did have the miraculous effect on unseasoned actors of bringing out teenage tendencies like getting erections in times of utter humiliation.
A woman peaked out the door. "Tristan?"
Tristan nodded.
"Come on in."
Two women sat at a table at the front of the room. The woman who had ushered him in took the third chair and gazed up at him.
"My name is Ava and I will be your director if your audition is successful." Ava was tall and very dark, with high cheekbones and a thick voice. She kept her hair very short. She was stunning. "To my right is Taylor and beside her is Alex. Taylor is my assistant director and Alex is my stage manager." The two women looked younger than Ava who Tristan had estimated to be close to thirty, maybe closer to his own age. Taylor had a sprinkle of freckles across her pale nose and chest and a very full form. Alex was tiny but stern-looking, with several feet of dreadlocks pulled back from her face and revealing large plugs in both her earlobes.
"Nice to meet you all," said Tristan, smiling genuinely and reaching out for a handshake to each of the women in turn.
"To begin, are you auditioning for the lead role or just the supporting roles in this play?"
"The lead," confirmed Tristan, "I'm comfortable with the aspect of nudity required."
"Excellent," replied Ava, glancing down to write notes. "I do have to ask though, are you circumcised?" Her eyes returned to Tristan's face. He wasn't expecting such a personal question.
Regaining composure quickly he responded, "No."
"Ex-cellent," Ava repeated. "So we're asking you to do the audition in the nude. This is a chance for you to decide whether you are truly comfortable, especially considering that we are all women, as well as an opportunity for us to see how you use your body."
Again, Tristan was surprised. Ava's reasoning made perfect sense but he hadn't thought he would have to reveal everything quite so soon. He cleared his throat, "Alright." Stripping unceremoniously he left his boxers for last, finally slipping them over his hips while looking at the floor. The slight draft in the room became noticeable as his penis and balls were uncovered. He thought he could feel the women staring at his genitals. When he looked up, though, they all looked relatively uninterested.
He stumbled a couple times reciting his monologues, his mind overtaken by a hyperawareness of his nudity and vulnerability. When he finally finished he found the only way to distract himself from it was to study the women in front of him. He felt guilty about trying to look down Ava's shirt and glancing at Taylor's cleavage but he needed to increase his confidence if he were to continue conversing coherently and he wasn't going to be able to do this if his dangling genitals were at the forefront of his mind.
"Thank you Tristan," said Ava, her blank expression concealing her impression. Her breasts looked firm below her t-shirt and her skin was such a lovely chocolate brown.
"You're welcome," slipped from Tristan's lips. Suddenly he realized the drawback to trying to envision the women sexually as he felt a slight throb of blood in his shaft. Karma, he thought as he quickly focused solely on Ava's face.
"So would you still like to be considered for the role?" She asked.
"Yes," he nodded.
She smiled and nodded her head towards his clothes, "You can get dressed now". Relieved, Tristan quickly pulled his boxers over his slowly growing penis, concealing it before it could embarrass him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Alex's eyes lingering on where it once was.
Giving a quick wave after thanking the women for their time, Tristan began to head for the door.
"I shouldn't say this," came Ava's voice behind him, "but you're the only one who hasn't gotten an erection so far." Tristan smiled back at her, keeping his crotch facing the door and suppressing the slight surge of guilt that he felt in his chest.
"Not that I don't enjoy the power to inflict them," Ava said laughing slightly, "but it is refreshing when someone is professional enough to put our gender aside."
Tristan nodded again before exiting. As the door swung shut behind him he could hear Alex's voice: "Or he's gay."
Then the door clicked closed. Tristan felt a slight tinge of annoyance towards Alex. He was not gay. He had never had any interest in men. He had had two serious girlfriend's in his life, both of whom he had slept with and greatly enjoyed sexually. But he had to let his irritation subside as he recalled that hehadbecome excited by the trio. Alex was at least right that he wasn't quite as innocent as Ava's compliment suggested.
Nearly a week passed before Tristan received a phone call from Ava. He knew at least one of his classmates has been rejected for the female roles in the play already, and he hoped that the delay meant he was being seriously considered. He tried to put aside the terrifying aspect of nudity and focus on his desire for a lead role. Every so often, though, as he lay asleep at night and his hand drifted down to gently massage his scrotum or squeeze his pulsing head his fantasies landed him back in that audition room.
When he replayed the events the women couldn't take their eyes off the package between his legs. The cool draft in the room was stronger, heightening all erotic sensations. In his fantasy Ava would want to see what he looked like hard as well and Tristan would cautiously begin to fondle himself. As he stroked his shaft at the front of the room, Alex would hungrily stare at the growing penis in his hand. He would blush a little bit when he achieved erection too quickly but none of the women commented, just starred while they made him parade around the room, turn around slowly, even spread his legs. After these fantasies Tristan always chided himself. He was afraid if he continued to sexualize the experience he might run into problems if he was chosen for the role; perhaps find himself unable to separate the erotic stories from professional reality.
"Hi Tristan, this is Ava. I'd like to offer you the lead role in my play," came the distinct voice through the phone's earpiece.
Tristan thanked her and agreed to meet with the rest of the cast over the weekend to read over the script. He was proud of himself and couldn't help but think how excellent this role would be for his acting portfolio.
When he arrived at the meeting that Saturday, Tristan learned that the cast for the play was relatively small. When everyone was seated in a circle, Ava began to hand out scripts and go over the play. The story focussed on a family.
"Lily, you'll play the youngest daughter. Cho will play the oldest daughter. Lucas is the single father, and Tristan you're the middle child and the main character, Richard." Everyone Ava had named was of Chinese or Japanese heritage. Tristan was a little disappointed. It looked as though he had been type-cast again after all. He must have been naive to think that having a black director might make his race less relevant.
"The play was originally supposed to feature a Midwest white, republican family. Because of how the auditions went I decided we would have to go in another direction." Tristan lightened up. Perhaps hewaschosen for his skill for once.
Tristan's character was struggling with whether to pursue a relationship with a man. The play culminated with his decision to embark on the sexual adventure. As the group read over the script, they came to his final scene. Tristan felt his stomach drop as he read the stage directions.
Richard slowly and self-consciously undresses while Carter watches. Then Carter makes a few strides toward Richard (from stage left to stage right), wraps his hand around Richard's penis and kisses him deeply. As the kiss finishes, Richard nods in consent and Carter guides him off stage left exit by his penis.
Tristan had come to terms with nudity. Having a man's hand wrapped around his junk and then pulling him across stage with it was something entirely different. The actor who would be playing Carter, Cole, read the directions in a monotone voice. When he was done, Ava burst in, "Oh the brilliance of having him guided by his penis, his phallus. The symbolism is just... well anyways. I love it." Tristan didn't really care about the symbolism.
They finished reading the play and trickled out. Tristan intentionally avoided Cole. He had never met the guy before and wanted to keep their relationship as distant as possible; there was something more palatable about acting out such an intimate scene with a stranger rather than a friend. Much easier to write off as professional work rather than an awkward encounter.
As the practices wore on, Cole seemed to be a nice guy. He gave the actresses hugs only when they asked for them and seemed to spend most of his free time between scenes reading award-winning novels. Tristan was slightly disappointed that he had to avoid such an appealing colleague, but continued to ignore him as best he could. Cole seemed to respect this.
Unlike his audition, the looming nude scene in the play never tempted Tristan to fantasize. So far they had done all rehearsals fully clothed and Tristan had no interest in thinking about what was to come. When his thoughts did begin to shift to visions of a man's hand reaching out and roughly grasping Tristan's most private parts, Tristan would quickly find something to distract himself with. He began watching porn again which he hadn't done in years just to replace the image with something else.
About a month before opening night, Ava announced Tristan and Cole would now be acting the scene out in full. Terror flooded Tristan's mind. He felt nauseous. Maybe he should say he was sick and head home for the day. Maybe he should fake severe illness and drop the play all together. These thoughts were still pounding against his skull as he climbed up on stage. Only Cole, Ava, Taylor, and Alex remained. Ava had had the good sense to send everyone else home for the day affording some privacy for Tristan and Cole to practice in.
Cole spoke his first line before ripping off his own shirt. He had an athletic build, lanky but toned and his torso was practically hairless except for the treasure trail from his belly button to below his jeans, sandy like his curly hair.
Words passed between the two actors. Then it was Tristan's turn. His discomfort in undressing was only partially acted. First his shirt came over his head. Then he slowly unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants.
Ava stopped him there. "I'd like you to buy some briefs for this role." Tristan nodded. She motioned for him to continue. With a deep breath he pulled off his boxers.
For a couple moments, him and Cole stood still on opposite sides of the stage. Then Cole began moving towards him, his gaze intense. Tristan tried to act nervous but interested, rather than emanate his genuine emotions of absolutely horror and fear. Cole was right in front of him. His hand reached out.
The feeling of fingers on Tristan's genitals was electric. The only thing in his mind was the feeling of the slight calluses on Coles fingertips and how gently he was cradling the sensitive organ. Then Cole's lips were on his. The stage kiss of course involved no tongue, but Tristan's nerves were all firing like crazy anyways. The smooth, cool skin of Coles chest pressing into his. The electricity of where their lips met. The pressure around his thumping penis.
The sudden rush of blood was hardening him up quickly and increasing the sensitivity of his already twitching penis. Before the kiss was complete, Tristan was noticeably erect. Cole began to tug carefully on the member as he turned to walk across the stage. He was very gentle, allowing Tristan his own pace and barely leading at all. The light grip against Tristan's engorged erection felt fantastic, especially as Cole's hand was jostled slightly as they walked.
"More forceful!" Ava called out. "I need you to be ultra-masculine right now."
Cole looked out at the three women. "It isn't masculine to inflict pain to another man's genitals," he shot back. Ava laughed. Tristan was aware of nothing but his rock solid erection. He wanted to die. He thought of what Ava had said at his audition about how professional he was to not get hard.
Cole took the last few steps off stage a little more powerfully, but his grip stayed loose so that Tristan could slip out of his grip if he fell behind. This had the effect of much movement along his shaft, each step resulting in a stroke that felt like liquid pleasure coursing through his body. As the two men disappeared behind the curtains, the three women clapped. It took every fibre of Tristan's being to force himself out on stage again, his erection pointing out lewdly in front of him and his face burning. He avoided looking at Cole.
"Fantastic!" Ava shouted at them. "Tristan – Amazing. You got so into that! I could feel the emotions pouring off of you andthat," she gestured to his bobbing penis, "sealed the deal. If you can do that during the shows, that scene will be be-autiful." Tristan tried not to shake. His erection had just been excused. The embarrassment abated a bit. Now he was left to grapple with how erotic he had found the whole experience. Precum glistened on his penis head.
Tristan was still semi-hard by the time he got home, having practiced the scene several times. Involuntarily, his hand began to grope himself as he sat down on his bed. He came within minutes, the thought of Cole's hand wrapped around his package at the forefront of his mind as he jerked uncontrollably in pleasure and filled his hand with a hot pool of semen.
At the next practice Tristan's penis leapt to action once again which pleased Ava. Cole was still too gentle visually for her. She got on stage to show him how she would like it done. Tristan was surprised – while he had originally been horrified at the idea of a man touching him, now he wanted nothing more. He braced himself for the pain Ava's unknowing hand was undoubtedly about to inflict.
The gorgeous woman wrapped her slim fingers around Tristan's pulsing shaft, her firm grip trapping more blood in the head of his penis. Then she started off. Tristan panicked, trying to keep up with her as she pulled his foreskin forward and made him leak precum. He managed to keep pace but barely.
"That's good," said Taylor from the seats. "Tristan, don't look so panicked. You and Cole will just have to work up the trust level so you can handle that." That meant an extended rehearsal full of tentative tugging and forced communication between the two men.
"How does this feel?" asked Cole, blushing slightly.
"Good," responded Tristan. "I mean... fine." His balls ached. He needed a release. Cole's respectful touch and keenness to maintain the utmost comfort was pushing him into states of extreme physical pleasure. Being fondled, tugged, and stroked with the occasional passionate kiss had Tristan unconcerned with the gender of his partner.
Near the end of the day Tristan glanced down to notice a bulge in Cole's pants. For a moment he couldn't help but stare. He was overcome with curiousity. Cole had spent all rehearsal learning the intricacies of Tristan's genitals, but Tristan hadn't and wouldn't ever be able to see what Cole looked like below the belt.
Over the next several rehearsals he couldn't help but obsess over Cole's penis. Did he have big balls? Was he hairy? Or maybe he shaved. This thought excited Tristan. Though he was becoming much more comfortable with the repetitive snippet of nudity, and much less physically pleasured now that Cole had gotten his grip all adjusted and had no need to focus intently on Tristan's penis at all, Tristan still found himself turned on in rehearsal just fantasizing about what Cole might look like naked. It was a mystery that perturbed him and his desire to know something that he knew was unattainable translated into a strong erotic response.
About two weeks before opening night, Tristan began to become concerned with his obsession. Not only was it unprofessional, it was downright creepy. Cole had treated Tristan's body with nothing but respect and here he was wanting to violate the guy's privacy. Tristan resolved to let the sexy thoughts drop from his mind. At rehearsal he forced himself to consider Cole as nothing but a colleague. His penis remained soft for all three run-throughs.
After several days with no erection, Ava raised the issue, "You can't get bored with the scene yet, Tristan. I need you to get into it again. Bring that passion, that erotic energy you had at the beginning."
"She means get hard." It was rare that Alex spoke at rehearsal. Mostly she just wrote Ava's directions on the script, or went off with the technical crew to discuss lighting. But her voice rang out clearly this time.
Ava nodded. "Next rehearsal we are going to do a full run through of the play. That means the other actors will be here and you will have an audience." While Tristan understood her intention was to let him know he had to be at the top of his game, he also breathed a sigh of relief. It would be easy to get hard with all the other cast watching him naked. He was even okay with the familiar sense of fear that welled up when he thought of exposing himself to so many people. It was preferable to being further chided about his absent erection. After all, there's nothing worse than being unable to get it up.
Tristan was right. The cluster of people in the front row staring unabashedly at his penis the next day did help a little. He was able to get semi-erect, and as he was lead offstage past the two ogling women whose scene followed his, he began to grow to full size. He wasn't sure if it was by accident that Lily brushes up against his penis as she passed by. Over the next few rehearsals, though, he was inconsistent and Ava became more concerned as opening night approached.
The idea of what Cole's penis must look like once again took root in his head. He wished he could see it, wrap his hand around it, and feel it grow in beneath his fingertips in front of a whole audience of people. On days when this thought occupied his mind, Tristan felt himself harden in Cole's grasp much easier. And the gentle tugs Cole administered by accident as they crossed the stage felt like pure pleasure. What would it feel like if Cole rubbed him intentionally? Or explored under Tristan's foreskin with those careful fingers?
Tristan hoped he could maintain this sort of arousal for the three shows.
Opening night went wonderfully. Tristan imagined everyone in the theatre was staring directly at his naked penis and heavy balls. For all he knew, they might have been. He thought of how erotic it must look to those people in the front row, as Cole wrapped his hand around his quivering genitals and then pressed his body against him. Then, as he was pulled off stage, he imagined for the first time what might happen after that scene for the two characters. Would Carter wrap his lips around Richard's penis, gently stroking his balls as he sucked at the throbbing member? Or maybe Carter would pull his own pants down and stroke both his and Richard's penises simultaneously. What if Cole did that...
Tristan was still rock hard as he bowed. To his left he could see that Cole's penis was straining against his pants as well. Back in the dressing room, Cole slipped into the washroom to change. When he emerged, Tristan locked himself into the bathroom and masturbated furiously until his semen shot forcefully into the toilet. When Tristan opened the door, Cole had already left for the night.
The second night went much worse. Tristan could not get into the erotic mindset at all, and his flaccid penis barely hardened in front of the audience. The more he tried, the less successful he was and as he exited the stage he swore under his breath.
"Hey man, don't worry about it," Cole whispered back. There was something nice about being reassured instead of having to endure Ava's concerned glances that let him know he was letting her down.
The final performance arrived and as the sex scene approached Tristan became more and more worried. Soon he was out on stage, slowly undressing, terrified less of the crowd watching him naked than of being unable to get an erection. His penis and balls soon hung free for everyone to observe and he stood nervously as Cole began to approach.
Cole's body language was more intense than ever before and he grabbed on to Tristan's penis forcefully as he looked him passionately in his eyes. As he pressed his lips to Tristan's, his wrist moved, stroking Tristan's penis in front of the whole audience. Before Tristan could process this pleasurable addition, Cole's tongue slid into his mouth. Blood rushed to Tristan's genitals, engorging his penis quickly and Tristan let out an involuntary moan, loud enough for the audience to hear.
The kiss finished and he nodded his approval to Cole, no longer acting. Cole pulled back the foreskin of Tristan penis and slid his hand up so it was resting directly on the head before leading Tristan offstage. As the two disappeared behind the curtain Cole let go, leaving Tristan's penis aching and bouncing. Cole wiped off the precum on his hands on the neared curtain. He kept walking and Tristan was left in the wing of the stage listening to his heartbeat thump against his chest and temples. He almost used the opportunity to jerk off but he knew the actresses on stage could see him.
Tristan was still beyond turned on when the show ended. He could feel the pressure of his hard penis between his legs as he returned to the men's dressing room. Neither of the men mentioned the erotic additions Cole had made and Tristan reluctantly decided that Cole had just been doing his job as an actor as best as possible, not to mention helping him out after his flop on the second night.
Tristan began to take off his costume as Cole rummaged through his backpack for something. Soon Tristan stood in only the briefs Ava had requested. His penis pressed against the fabric and a huge wet spot had formed around where his urethra rested. The mess was excessive. He would just have to wear his jeans without underwear home. He picked up his clothes with the intention of heading for the washroom, but then decided it was stupid to try to maintain modesty at this point. As he pulled off the briefs Tristan noticed Cole watching him out of the corned of his eye. Tristan's penis pulsed.
Someone knocked loudly on the door. "Can I come in?" asked Ava's muffled voice.
"Just a minute," said Cole on Tristan's behalf.
"Okay, well we're all going to the corner pub to celebrate," Tristan had stopped rustling his pants to hear Ava's softened voice. "Meet us there if you're interested. And great show by the way!"
When she had left, Tristan finished putting on his clothes. He couldn't help but notice Cole's eyes watching his penis disappear for the last time.
"So, going out with the others?" he asked.
Cole changed his focus to Tristan's face. "Um, I don't think so. I don't drink so. Yeah I'd rather not."
"Oh okay." Tristan realized this was likely the last time he'd see Cole. For a long moment he stood still, know it was time for him to leave. He wandered towards the door then stopped and cleared his throat. Turning around he blurted out, "Can I see your penis?"
He couldn't believe he had actually allowed those words to form. Cole looked surprised. "Um... I'm sorry. Never mind. I just meant you've seen mine for months now and.... never mind. It was a stupid thing to say." Tristan was beet red now. He turned and began to fumble with the doorknob, forgetting to undo the latch that held the door closed. Just get out as quickly as you can, he told himself, hands shaking.
"Okay," said Cole. Tristan didn't process his response at first. "Okay, if you want me to." Tristan slowly turned around. Cole hadn't changed out of his costume yet.
The two of them stood still, then Cole began to take off his shirt slowly, with none of the same assuredness as he did on stage. Tristan watched intently as his pants dropped next. His boxers had a bit of a damp spot as well.
Then Cole hooked his thumbs on his waistband and pulled down, his semi-flaccid penis coming into view all at once. It was rather large considering it was mostly still soft and had an uncut foreskin covering the head. Underneath it were two small, well-defined testicles. Cole looked anxious as Tristan's eyes bore into his most private parts. His hand fluttered as though to cover himself but then subsided.
Tristan took two strides towards Cole then wrapped his fingers, very gently, around the other man's penis. It felt warm and Tristan could feel the shaft begin to thicken and twitch. His eyes moved upwards to meet Cole's gaze before moving in for the kiss. Cole's tongue met his and Tristan moaned. The kiss became more involved and Cole reached out, tangling his fingers in Cole's shirt and pushing his body forward. Soon Tristan was aware of this discomfort he was in as his penis chaffed against the rough inside of his jeans. His grip became firmer on Cole's shaft and he began to tug him gently towards the couch on the other side of the small room. Cole obliged. Once they had reached the sofa they stopped.
"Now what," asked Cole half-playfully but still blushing. "We haven't learned this part." His penis was dripping precum.
Tristan smiled shyly, "I don't know."
Cole looked down and cleared his throat. Avoiding Tristan's eyes he said, "All this time I have been wanting to really be able to explore your cock. I mean I got to see it so frequently but never up close. It's been driving me crazy."
Tristan nodded and undid his pants, relieving the pressure against his erection as they dropped to the floor for the hundredth time.
"Lie back on the couch," Cole said softly. Tristan did so and spread his legs slightly. Cole nudged them apart further and Tristan felt more exposed, more vulnerable to him than he ever had in practice. Cole knelt on the couch and leaned forward. His finger gently pulled back Tristan's foreskin and traced the ridge around his head. Tristan exhaled deeply, clenching the couch as he tried to manage the spurt of pleasure he felt emanating from his penis.
Suddenly he felt warm saliva as Cole eased his penis into his mouth. Tristan had been nervously staring at the ceiling but now he looked down. Cole's lips were wrapped around the head of his penis and his hand had begun to cup Tristan's balls. Tristan let out a groan that grew in pitch as Cole's tongue began to explore the crevice between Tristan's head and foreskin, working all the way around until it flicked against his frenulum. Then Cole shoved Tristan's member all the way to the back of his mouth.
"Cole, Cole, Cole." Tristan said urgently, sitting up. Cole released him from his mouth instantly, looking concerned. "Sorry, I'm just... I will blow my load if you keep that up." Tristan blushed.
"Isn't that a good thing?" asked Cole chuckling.
Tristan laughed a little. "Yeah I just want to wait a bit. My turn to uh... explore."
"Okay." Cole seemed nervous again. His lean stomach glistened with precum where his penis had rested. He sat at the edge of the couch and gripped the fabric as Tristan kneeled on the floor in front of him. Tristan had no idea what to do with the penis that he was staring at.
"What would you like?" He asked softly.
Cole began to blush. "Could you be a bit rough with me? I... trust a guy." Tristan nodded slowly. First he grabbed hold of Cole's balls and tugged on them, keeping his eyes on Cole's face. He pulled harder until Cole nodded. With his other hand he pulled the penis to his mouth and tentatively began to nibble on his head, barely biting, just applying pressure to his teeth. Cole nodded fervently and grunted. Tristan became more forceful as he tugged and bit until Cole was moaning constantly. Leaving the penis in his mouth, Tristan reached down to touch his own. He rubbed his finger against the head of his aching member until it was coated in precum then reached between Cole's legs. Running his lubricated finger along his crack he found his puckered anus.
At first he just rubbed in gentle circles then he added pressure, dipping inside a little bit. Cole pushed into him. Taking Cole's penis out of his mouth, Tristan asked cautiously, "Would you like me to try to find your prostate?" Cole hesitated for a moment, then nodded. Tristan's finger pushed further inside and curled toward him. Cole began to buck slightly, his face contorted with pleasure, and Tristan once again took his penis in his mouth. Remembering how wonderful Cole's exploring had felt, he pressed his lips hard against the ridge of Cole's head, then traced the flesh with his tongue. Cole pushed up against Tristan's face, pressing himself further into his mouth. Gagging a little, Tristan angled his face so Cole's penis would press into his cheek rather than his throat then began sliding his lips up and down the shaft.
"Harder, harder," Cole mumbled and Tristan complied, pressing his finger up against the magical spot he had found inside Cole. Suddenly his mouth filled with semen and Cole let out a loud low moan. "Fuck. Fuck," he said, breathing heavily, then his body collapsed back into the sofa. Tristan swallowed and sat back as Cole caught his breath.
Then Cole patted the couch beside him. Tristan joined him.
"What wouldyoulike?" Cole asked.
Tristan thought. "Whenever you had your hand on me I wanted you to stroke me. Could you?"
Cole smiled and wrapped his hand around Tristan's penis. "You mean when I would hold you like this." Tristan nodded and tried to hump Cole's hand, eager to be pumped.
"You mean I tease you when I just hold you?" asked Cole mischievously.
"Oh god, yes," said Tristan, moaning with sexual frustration. Cole stroked his shaft once then stopped.
"Fuck you," said Tristan, becoming more and more eager to come. Cole laughed. Then he began to pump Tristan penis, moving his foreskin back and forth over the sensitive flesh of his head, picking up pace as Tristan began to moan.
"Oh here it is," said Tristan under his breath, his brow furrowed in pleasure and concentration. He let out a howl as semen shot from his penis and Cole continued to stroke him. "Oh fuck that's good." As he bucked up and down on the couch, Cole began to slow his speed before stopping entirely and allowing the now flaccid member to rest on Tristan's balls.
They sat there in silence for awhile, Tristan panting slightly. Then Tristan reached out and closed his hand over Cole's package. The genitals were warm and soft. "So now what," he said quietly.
"I'm not sure," said Cole. "I've never been with a guy."
"Me neither."
There was a pause. "I think I'd like to do that again... but we're going to have to find some other erotically charged situation to tease ourselves with."
Tristan laughed. "Okay, I'll have to think on it."