Note: This chapter is the second entry in what I hope to eventually turn into a short series with multiple characters.
It's inspired by a number of unconnected stories I came across on a Yahoo group many, many years ago, and something that kickstarted my own fascination with exhibitionism.
The stories all revolved around a university in which every female member of the student body and faculty had to remain completely nude at all times. The premise was that, at this prestigious school, they had determined that this unique set of circumstances led to higher student satisfaction, achievement and overall test scores.
Beyond the requirement of constant nudity, there were certain other rules and requirements that were to be followed only by the women at the school. Obviously, it's a complete fantasy, but I loved the idea of it, and it's always played around in my head as one of my favourite scenarios.
Below is my own take on this favourite concept, and while it's not my intention to plagiarise anyone else's work, the below is heavily inspired by scenarios and settings laid out in my memory of these stories.
Disclaimer: All characters in my stories are 18 years of age or older. Within this series there will be interactions between family members that will border, if not cross over into, the taboo category.
Whilst I'm not setting out to write a story with this as the main focus, I want to give a warning to anyone who may be offended/upset by that. If that's the case, you may want to give these stories a miss.
Chapter 2 - Renee
Renee was halfway home when the realisation hit her like a shard of ice in her stomach. She quickly pulled the car over and stared rifling through her bag, pulling out sheets of loose paper, tossing them aside one by one. Looking at the mess on the passenger seat beside her she knew that she had left the forms on her desk. She could feel her anxiety rising as she pulled back onto the road, edging through traffic, looking for the first available U-turn.
Three years earlier, things had been going great for Renee. She had spent a few years after high-school travelling before moving out to the city for her degree. After putting in the hard time as a school teacher, she had secured herself an assistant teaching role at a prestigious university and had the down payment on a beautiful house with her long-term boyfriend Brian.
Then things had quickly began to unravel. She missed out on the coveted fulltime teaching role that she had been pursuing when it was given instead to another colleague, Nicholas. The fact that his uncle sat upon the board at the university was not lost on Renee. Shortly after this she had discovered that Brian was cheating on her and had been for years.
After a messy breakup, they sold their newly purchased home, barely recouping their costs. Now without the promotion that she had been depending on, and unable to meet the rental costs in the city, Renee had moved back home with her overbearing father and taken a job as an English teacher at the local high school.
At 33 it was not the life that she would have chosen for herself, but Renee was grateful for the opportunity to save money whilst living back at home rent free. Slowly building her savings back up and keeping an eye out for any university job prospects, Renee felt like she was biding her time, waiting for the perfect opportunity to present itself. And that came in the form of an offhand comment from one of her colleagues one night after work.
It was the day before school recommenced, and the staff had all met out at the local bar after a pupil-free day spent prepping for the coming term. It was Paul, the school's science teacher, who had brought it up as they sat around commiserating the meagre pay increase that the state schools had been afforded in the most recent budget.
"I'll tell you what, if we even got half of what they were offering over at FSU I'd be happy to teach with my junk out," he'd said with a sarcastic laugh.
A few of the other teachers let out a laugh at the idea, before Christine the vice-principal piped up, "They're not offering that for the guys Paul, no one wants to see them with their kit off. You'd have to pay them to let you teach there. The waiting list for male teachers is so long you'd be retired before they even saw your resume."
Paul gave a resigned and theatrical sigh before returning to his beer. Christine smiled before continuing, "But he's not wrong. Looks like they're really desperate for women on the faculty at the moment. Not surprising really, it must take a certain kind of lady to work there."
She took a sip of her drink before continuing. "I had an old university friend reach out to me about applying. I'll be honest, the pay was so good I actually considered it for half a moment." She let out a laugh in response to the surprised faces around the table. "I said a moment. But no, I think my husband would have a heart attack if I told him I'd even considered it, let alone taken the job."
Renee sat there at the bar, soaking this all in. Every teacher in the country knew about FSU, and most even had a friend, or a friend of a friend through work who had some connection to the school. Opinions were mixed about the institution, but no one questioned that they paid well, and everyone who worked there never seemed to have a negative thing to say about it.
That night, Renee had sat up in bed on her laptop, scrolling through the career pages on their website. Looking at the listings available, and the salaries they were offering, Renee wondered to herself why she had never considered this before. And then she reminded herself exactly why she had never considered this.
For her entire life, Renee had been an incredibly private person. Always dressing conservatively, softly spoken, introverted and shy, her character was the exact opposite of what was drawn to an institution such as this. She closed the laptop, pushing it to the side as she lay back in the dark, staring at the ceiling. 'And where has that gotten you', she thought to herself.
Maybe this is exactly the change that you need. Nothing grows in the comfort zone. You'd make more in a semester than you're making in a year. You could actually be doing the job that you want to do. Her mind was racing as she tried to argue with herself, to reason her way out of it. She barely slept that night, tossing and turning, anxious dreams and ideas pushing their way into her head.
The next morning as she pulled herself out of bed, Renee realised something. She wanted this. She wanted to work there. She just didn't know if she could bring herself to actually admit it. Before leaving for work she jumped back on her laptop and clicked the application for the role that she had been going back to repeatedly the night before. She let out a grumble of annoyance as she realised that it required a printed paper form, signed and mailed in. Quickly emailing the documents to her personal account, Renee left for work.
The first day back at school is always a difficult one for teachers and students alike, but Renee struggled more than most. All day she had to push the thought of FSU from her mind, waiting until everyone left so that she could finally use the printer in her shared office. Finding an excuse to stay behind, working away at her desk as her colleagues slowly trickled out, Renee was finally the last one in the building. Making sure that that none of the other staff were lingering in any of the nearby offices, Renee printed out the application forms and filled them out one by one.
It was close to 8pm when she had finally left the building, her head feeling sluggish after a long day of work and the added self-imposed stress. It was only as she steered her car down the highway that she had realised that in her hurry to leave, she hadn't even grabbed the forms. They would be sitting there, face-up on her desk in her shared office, waiting for the first arrivals in the morning to see. Renee Miller, conservative, modest, proper English teacher, applying for FSU. It was bad enough for your colleagues to know that you're looking for another job, but the added shame of them knowing she was trying to get into FSU was too much for her.
As she pulled into the parking lot and strode quickly into the building, her heart was pounding in her chest and ears. Turning the corner, Renee's heart skipped a beat as she saw her office door ajar, light shining out from within.
Her legs began to tremble as she hoped and prayed to herself that she had left it open. As she crossed the length of the hall and pushed open the office door, her heart leapt up into her throat. Standing over her desk, application forms in hand, was Darren, the school's PE teacher. He had an amused smile on his face as he looked up to see Renee enter.
"Oh, hello there Ms Miller," he said with a smile and a laugh, "Came back for this I take it?". He stepped out from around the desk and held out the forms for Renee to take. Renee held out a trembling hand to receive them, struggling to find the words to reply as she looked back at him.
"Yeh, I just popped back in to grab a few things," Darren began with a smug grin on his face. "You can imagine my surprise when I saw that sitting face up on your desk. Almost like you wanted someone to find it," he said with a laugh. Renee opened her mouth to protest, but he cut her off with a wave of his hand before continuing, "It's fine! Your business is your business you know? But I mean, let's be honest, we both know it's never going to happen."
Renee felt a sudden cold flush of annoyance towards Darren, and glared at him before demanding, "Excuse me? What do you mean by that? I'm more than qualified for that job!"
"That's not what I mean," he said, still with the smug and condescending grin on his face. "Everyone at this school knows you're too overqualified to be here. I mean that you don't have what it takes to work at that university." He paused, still grinning, letting the implication wash over Renee. "It takes a particular kind of woman to work there, and sweety, you do not have the guts to go through with that."
Renee could feel her annoyance bubbling into anger. The fact that this man was even questioning her abilities was one thing, but the fact that she felt the inexplicable urge to defend herself to him was something else altogether. She felt a confusing desire to earn his respect, despite the fact that she didn't even respect him.
Darren had been teaching at the school for the better part of two decades. In his late forties and divorced, he had a reputation as a sleaze amongst the female staff members, and as a bully amongst the students. He wasn't unattractive, having kept himself in perfect shape over his years, but his attitude and temperament overshadowed his good looks.
Dark haired, barrel chested and standing well over a foot taller than most of the staff and students, Darren was an imposing figure. Renee had already endured his unwanted advances on multiple occasions in her relatively short time at the school and had made it very clear to him on those occasions that she despised him, both professionally and personally. And yet in spite of all of that, she now found herself feeling the need to defend her character to the man.
"You have no idea what I'm capable of Darren," she said, her voice coming out less assertively than she had hoped for.
"Oh please," he replied with a smirk, "No one here has even seen you in a t-shirt. Half the time you come to work looking like you're scared of the sun! You really think you'd be able to walk around in your birthday suit all day?"
He emphasised the words 'birthday suit' as he said them, letting his eyes flick up and down Renee's body, sending an involuntary shiver through her. To her surprise, it wasn't revulsion, or contempt that she was feeling. It was a sudden and unexpected fluttering of excitement. She realised in that moment that Darren was imagining her naked. And it excited her...
Renee realised that she was blushing and tried to compose herself. "I can do anything I set my mind to..." she said, cringing internally at how diminutive the words had sounded when she spoke them aloud.
"Prove it then..." he replied, staring directly into her eyes. Renee froze, staring back at him, shocked into silence by his directness. Darren pressed on, "I'm serious. You could prove me wrong right now. Strip off and have a little prance around. We're the only ones here, we have the whole building to ourselves."
"I..." Renee started, shaking her head as she tried to find the words. "I can't...I mean...no I'm not going to do that, that's...that's crazy..." Renee realised how unconvincing her words were. She wasn't even sure if she was trying to say no to Darren, or to herself. Her head was immediately filled with all the terrifying and exciting fantasies that had been keeping her up at night. She couldn't believe that it was Darren, of all people, who may be the one to give her the final push.
Darren was grinning almost from ear to ear as he stared down at her, sensing her inner turmoil, unable to believe his luck, feeling like he had won the lottery. Half the men on the payroll at the school had fantasised about what the reserved English teacher was hiding under her clothes, and if he played his cards right, he'd be the one to find out.
"Can't or won't?" he asked with a smirk. "There's nothing physically stopping you, the only barrier is your own willpower. Do you have what it takes? Do you have it inside of you to do what you need to do?"
It was the same recycled faux-motivational pep talk he'd give to his struggling student's in PE, and Darren figured the chances of it working on a highly educated professional woman were quite slim. But to his surprise, he could sense Renee beginning to let down her guard.
For her part, she knew exactly what he was doing. She'd known for long enough now how Darren would get around with the other women on staff, even some of the student's mothers. But she was determined to never let him have the satisfaction of winning her over like that. But in spite of this, she found her heart racing with nervous excitement. Knowing how eagerly he was trying to win her over, how badly he wanted this, how easy it would be for her to give in...it turned her on in a way that she hadn't felt in a long time.
Sensing the lack of resistance, he pushed on. "Think about this for a moment," he said, trying to compose himself more seriously, "Everyday at that university, you'll be walking around without a stitch on. Anyone and everyone who wants to, will be able to see everything on show. If you're not able to show off in front of just one person...how do you think you'll be able to manage when it's a few hundred?"
Jackpot, he thought to himself. He could see the words washing over Renee, see her shoulders relax as she looked off to the side, clearly considering his words. He fought the urge to keep talking, to press his sales pitch further. Just let her think he told himself.
Renee realised he was right. Even though she knew he had an agenda, the words he said were all true. And surprisingly convincing. On top of that, Renee was struggling to fight down the excitement that she was feeling. The exhibitionist urges that were welling up inside of her, making her legs tremble slightly, making her heart race in her chest. She could have turned and left at any point, she had the forms she needed, and the door to the office was open behind her.
The little voice in her head telling her to leave was getting quieter and quieter as the primal urges began to take over. She fought hard to give one last inch of resistance, knowing deep down that she was losing this fight with herself.
"But...what if someone sees..." she asked feebly, looking back up at Darren.
Darren tried to control his excitement, thinking to himself how glad he was that he came back to the school tonight. "Relax sweetheart," he said smiling back at her, "we both know this building has no security cameras, and on the minuscule chance that someone does come back and catches us...well...you might have a new job soon anyway." He finished with a laugh.
On any normal day, being called sweetheart would have infuriated Renee, but to her surprise the condescending words sent a shiver of excitement through her.
"What...what would...should I do?", she said, surprising even herself with her sudden shift from assertiveness to timid compliance.
Darren immediately picked up on the sudden change in dynamic and seized the moment. "Simple. Think of tonight like a practice run. A try-out for the new job if you like. First things first," he paused for a moment, looking her up and down, before continuing, "strip."
He said the words with such directness and confidence, Renee knew without doubt that he realised that he had won. She knew that she was going to follow his orders, likely without question, and this sense of realisation was the most exhilarating feeling she had felt in years. There was still a small part of her trying to convince her to stop, to turn around and leave, to not let this asshole get his satisfaction. But the excitement, the longing, the incredible anticipation of this moment was too much for her to resist.
With trembling fingers, and eyes cast down to the ground to hide her blushing face, Renee began to unbutton her blouse. Standing at just over five feet, Renee was still taller than many of her friends and colleagues, but standing so close to Darren as he towered over her was making her feel shorter than she had ever felt.
Renee knew that she didn't have a conventionally attractive body. Whilst she had been on the running team in high school, the lack of a consistent routine since then had deprived her of her once athletic physique. She was curvy, without being overweight, but her once toned abdomen was now soft, and her a-cup breasts showed the slightest beginnings of sagging. She was not under any illusion that she was unattractive but ignoring her self-perceived imperfections had become a daily struggle since her breakup.
Darren's gaze never faltered as he watched Renee slowly remove her blouse, placing it aside on the nearest desk. Kicking off her shoes and socks, her fingers fumbled with the button on her jeans as she carefully shimmied out them, leaving discarded on the office floor.
She paused for a moment, feeling a shiver across her bare skin as she stood there in only her bra and panties. Slowly, she turned her eyes upwards to meet Darren's face, half hoping that he would tell her to stop, half praying that he wouldn't. He looked back down at her with a condescending smile on his lips.
"Tsk, tsk Renee," he tutted in a patronising tone, "If you can't even show this much skin at the beach, how are you ever going to last at FSU?"
Renee followed his gaze down to her body, to the exposed skin above and beside her panties and bra. With a flutter of embarrassment, she noticed the distinct tan lines visible, outlining the shape of her very modest bikini. The wide straps of the bikini top and bottoms had set a contrasting line that stood in stark comparison to her relatively skimpy underwear. Renee felt a sudden urge to defend herself. But before she could speak, Darren put his hands on his hips and in an authoritarian tone of voice barked, "Come on then, I don't have all night!"
Renee felt like she had been slapped. The fact that he was acting like she was wasting his time, the desperate asshole who had lusted after her for over a year now, it should have enraged her. Instead, all she felt was an intense surge of humiliation tinged excitement.
Only just managing to stop herself from blurting out an apology, Renee reached back and unclasped her bra. She held it against her chest for a moment, pausing to take a steadying breath, before releasing her hand and letting it drop to the floor. Not wanting to be told off again, she quickly followed with her panties, sliding them down her legs and stepping out of them. She stood up straight, arms at her sides and looked up at Darren with what she hoped was a somewhat defiant expression.
Darren didn't even meet her eyes as his stared longingly up and down the length of her exposed body. Renee's heart was pounding in her ears as she stood there, still as she could manage, letting him take in the view.
"My, my, Ms Miller," she drawled, staring down at her chest, "You've got some lovely big nipples don't you"
Renee flushed with embarrassment, glancing down at her own chest, at the large brown areolas that dominated her breasts, at the stiff hard nipples poking out from the centre. Before she could stop herself, she mumbled a diminutive, "T-thank you..."
Darren smiled and looked up at her. "Thank you Mr....?" he began, raising an eyebrow.
Renee's heart rate spiked, and she almost felt dizzy with arousal hearing his patronising tone. "Thank you, Mr. Ward", she finished, her voice a little steadier.
Darren took a step closer, crouching down in front of her, his face inches from her exposed crotch. "Never picked you for a landing strip kinda gal Renee," he said with a chuckle, examining her neatly trimmed pubic hair, "Always figured you'd have a full bush." He looked up at her smiling, "I'm not complaining, it suits you. It really does..." and as he said this he reached out, delicately pinching a small tuft of hair and giving it a light tug.
As delicate as it was, the small amount of contact was enough to send a jolt of energy through Renee's entire body, straight to her brain. She let out an involuntary gasp before clasping her hand over her mouth in surprise. Darren looked up at her smiling, then raised his eyebrows expectantly, waiting for her response.
"Th-thank you...Mr. Ward," Renee managed to blurt out, trying and failing to keep her voice steady.
Darren held her gaze for a moment, clearly savouring every second of his new found power over her. Before standing back up, he reached out and collected the discarded clothes on the floor at Renee's feet. One by one he placed them in a pile on top of the blouse on the nearby desk.
He paused for a moment as he held Renee's panties in his hand, looking down at the slightly glistening stain left on the inside, chuckling slightly as he placed it carefully at the top of the pile, where Renee could witness the shameful evidence of her arousal for herself.
Renee could hardly believe what was happening. Just hours before Darren had been nothing more than her colleague. She had been a professional academic, frustratingly unobtainable and disinterested in him. And now she had completely relinquished her power over to him, and all it took were a few mildly convincing words. How long had she wanted this without realising, she thought to herself. Is this what it will be like at FSU? And if it is...will that only make me want it more?
Darren walked around behind her and opened the office door, activating the sensor lights in the corridor and illuminating the hallways. "Come on now Ms. Miller," he said with a smirk, "It's time for your tour." He stepped out into the corridor, waiting as Renee hesitated.
Taking a trembling step forward, Renee realised how shaky her legs had become. She took a second to steady herself before timidly creeping towards to doorway, leaning out slightly to check all of the corridors were in fact empty. She had been so absorbed in the moment that she had almost forgotten where they were.
This was a school, her place of work, a building usually packed with hundreds of people. It stood empty and quiet, the classrooms and offices dark through their doorway windows, but Renee couldn't shake the absurdity that she felt being stark naked in a place like this.
She took a careful step out with her right foot, feeling the cold lino floor against her bare sole, contrasting the warm carpet in her office. Taking another slow breath, feeling like she was about to plunge into icy water, she stepped out with her other foot, now entirely out in the corridor.
Darren didn't hesitate, stepping forward to close the office door behind her. With a swift and practiced movement, he slid his key into the lock, securing the door closed, before returning the key to his pocket. "Gotta keep your stuff safe, don't we?" he said with a wink.
Renee suppressed a shudder at the sudden realisation that she was now completely naked, with no keys, no phone, not a stitch to cover herself, until Darren decided to allow it. She felt the now familiar sense of confusion at the excitement coursing through her. Darren swung his arm up holding his hand out towards the corridor opposite the door, clearly indicating for Renee to begin walking.
Not even knowing where she was going, she dutifully obliged, slowly passing right by him, smelling his cologne as she moved away from the safety of the office. She could hear the light slapping of her bare feet on the cold linoleum floor, feel the soft gentle bouncing of her breasts and bum cheeks with each trembling step.
It was the most surreal experience she had experienced. Walking naked through a place where she had spent so much time fully clothed, a place usually bustling with life, now empty and quiet but for the sound of her footsteps and shaky nervous breathing.
Renee slowly made her way through the winding corridors, leading ahead on shaky legs as Darren followed behind. For each door that she passed, Renee would glance nervously towards it, seeing the dark empty rooms through the glass inserts on the doors, imagining familiar faces staring back out at her.
As they passed the large open cafeteria, having almost completed a full lap of the building, Renee felt her heart begin to race. Walking timidly past the open double doors, she looked into the vast space with its dozens of tables and alcoves, straining her eyes for any sign of movement.
Finally turning the last corner, she reached the end of the corridor and paused. The rows of student lockers that lined the hallway ended here, and the large double entry doors flanked by floor to ceiling glass panes began.
The entrance faced onto a large carpark, now virtually empty, but dimly lit with the orange glow of the overhead street lamps. On the far side of the carpark lay the now quiet side street which led to the highway. Renee hesitated, unsure of where Darren wanted her to go next, and reluctant to walk past the large exposed windows. Now standing still, she could hear the soft thudding of his shoes against the floor as he approached behind her.
"Ah, that reminds me," he began with a chuckle, "I needed to get into the gymnasium tonight. Silly me, I've left that set of keys in my bike. Be a sweetheart and get them for me, would you?"
As he said this, Darren reached into his pocket and pulled out a small ring with two keys attached. "The big one is for the bike itself, you won't be needing that," he said with a chuckle, looking her up and down. "The little key will open the box on the back...gym keys should be in there."
Renee felt her heart leap up into her throat before she managed to find her voice. "You can't be serious," she said, almost pleadingly, "I can't walk out there...not like...not like this!"
"You can, and you will," said Darren, still with the same condescending, amused smirk on his face. "How do you think you'll be getting around between classes at your new job, ey? You gotta get nice and used to prancing around like this."
And with that he gave Renee a light slap on her bum cheek, pushing her towards the door. She let out a gasp and stepped forward, face burning with humiliation as she placed her hand on the door handle, paused, and then pushed as slowly and quietly as she could.
The heavy door slowly shifted open, grinding softly, but loud enough to echo through the carpark. Renee thought to herself how many times had she walked through this door without noticing how loud it was. Of course, it never mattered to her before now.
The carpark was silent and abandoned. Her own car was parked directly beside the entrance, but Darren had parked his bike almost directly across the lot, over towards the entrance from the adjacent street. Renee realised that she would have to cross the entire carpark with nowhere to duck or hide if anyone came. The though filled her with so much excitement that she began to shiver.
As she stepped out onto the rough asphalt of the parking lot, she felt the warm evening air hit her exposed body. A slight breeze picked up, and the wind seemed to slide across every inch of her exposed skin, reminding her just how naked and exposed she really was. It was an intoxicating feeling, and Renee almost felt a pang of regret that she had waited this long to experience such a thing.
With each step towards the bike she found her confidence growing, her legs becoming more stable, her breathing steadying, although her heart continued racing in her chest. Despite her better judgement, she found herself slowing her pace ever so slightly, wanting to prolong the incredible sensation of being out here. She was so lost in the moment, so deeply absorbed in the sensations that she was feeling, that she didn't even hear the car.
Renee was only six short steps from Darren's bike when she saw the headlights coming around the corner. The car was coming fast, and the lights carved their way along the empty parking lot moving straight towards her. For a split second that seemed to last a lifetime, Renee froze, staring wide-eyed at the rapidly approaching vehicle. Then she made a snap decision.
Knowing that she would never make it back to the building in time, Renee dove forward crouching down on all fours beside the bike, trying to fit as much of her body behind the vehicle as she could. She heard the car come to a stop on the other side. Still on the road from what she could hear, but very close.
Renee was frozen, her hands and knees pressing into the rough and jagged asphalt. Her heart was pounding like a drum as she strained to hear, feeling like a wild animal caught in a clearing.
Renee heard the engine sputter and die, followed by a moment of silence before the sound of car doors opening followed. Then came the voices, deep but youthful, a group of three, maybe four young men were exiting the car. Panic was completely overtaking Renee. All of the confidence, the self-assurance and steadiness were draining out of her.
But in its place wasn't fear, or dread...it was a level of excitement that Renee had never experienced. She felt dizzy, almost on the verge of fainting. Her arms and legs were shaking as she crouched, huddled behind her meagre covering. And she was wet, so much so that she could feel herself throbbing, aching even.
With a further surge of panic, Renee realised she recognised one of the voices. The heavily accented drawl of a former student Josh. A problem student who had barely managed to graduate the year before, and a constant thorn in her side for his final year at the school.
From what she could hear, they were moving towards the school. Renee only just managed to stifle a whimper as she resigned herself to her fate. Not only had her most despised colleague managed to convince her to humiliate herself like this, but a student that she had loathed for a better part of a year was about to witness her shameful exposure. Their voices were getting closer, only a few feet away, when a louder voice called out.
"Evening boys! And what brings you here tonight, ey?"
Renee had been so focused on the new arrivals that she hadn't heard Darren approaching from the school building. It was clear by the way that the new voices were immediately silenced, that they had been caught off guard too.
"Oh...hey Mr. Ward...nothing much, just...you know in the area..." came the reply in Josh's familiar drawl.
"Bullshit." replied Darren bluntly. "I know a bunch of idiots trying to sneak into their old school when I see them".
The boys sounded like they were about to protest, but Darren cut them off. "Honestly, I don't give a shit. I'm not your teacher anymore. But I have shit to do here tonight, so fuck off and come back another time. Understood?"
There were a few grumbles of acknowledgment in response followed by the sound of retreating footsteps. Renee felt an overwhelming surge of gratitude as she heard the doors of the car opening and closing. She remained in her now almost painful crouched position, too afraid to move until she knew the car was gone.
At the same time, Darren was slowly moving towards her and the bike, stopping to pick up the keys that Renee had dropped in her dash to hide herself. He walked slowly towards her until he was standing directly behind her. Renee felt a shudder of humiliated arousal at the thought of what Darren was now seeing. As she crouched over with her head down to hide, her bum was being pushed up into the air, cheeks parted, her asshole clearly on display to him.
Renee heard the car pulling away and moving slowly down the street, but waited, holding her position in front of Darren. The reasonably part of her knew that it was safer to be sure, but the now dominant, dizzyingly aroused part of her was almost drunk with excitement knowing the view that she was giving to him. After what felt like minutes, Darren reached down, slowly patting, then rubbing her bare bum cheek before telling her it was safe to stand up.
As she slowly, carefully climbed to her feet, Darren looked down at her, and with a laugh said, "Oh yeh, I realised I had the keys with me the whole time, so we're all good here."
Renee stood gobsmacked, mouth open in stunned silence, realising that Darren had intentionally sent her out here for nothing. More shocking than that fact, was how excited that realisation made feel. "You're a fucking asshole," she managed to say, but the softness of her tone and the smile on her face took away any gravitas that the statement had.
Darren simply smiled and shrugged in response and beaconed Renee to follow him back towards the building. They walked slowly, side-by-side, and Renee was once again able to savour the addictive feeling of the night air on her bare exposed skin, the roughness of the asphalt on her bare feet, and the gentle rhythmic bouncing of her naked body.
Once again, swinging open the large entryway door, Renee was momentarily blinded by the harsh fluorescent lighting that bathed the entryway. She suddenly felt an exhaustion washing over her. Despite her ordeal only having lasted twenty minutes or so, she felt as though she had lived a lifetime since arriving at work that morning.
Turning to face Darren, and trying to keep her voice steady and confident, she said, "I think I'd like to go home now."
She had expected some resistance, maybe even disappointment or annoyance, but was momentarily surprised by his response.
"Of course. You've been free to go whenever you'd like. Come on, let's get your clothes, can't have you prancing through your front door like that." Darren turned and began walking back towards their shared office at the end of the corridor.
What surprised Renee even more than Darren's amicable response, was the sudden pang of regret and disappointment that hit her. Despite her exhaustion, a part of her was not ready for this to end. Almost as though reading her mind, Darren stopped shy of the door to their office. Turning to face her, pausing for a moment, he said, "I do have one small favour to ask."
Renee hoped that she was able to hide the excitement on her face. Raising her eyebrows in what she imagined was a passive and calm expression, she replied "OK...I mean...what?"
Darren smiled back at her, clearly seeing through her pretence. "That view I had...out there in the carpark...that was something else..." he said, slowly and carefully as he looked her up and down. "Awfully dark though. I really wouldn't mind seeing that again. You know...with proper lighting."
He let the words hang in the air and Renee's face blushed deep red. She stood facing him, a million thoughts running through her head, the tiny rational voice telling her no. Before she'd even consciously made up her mind, Renee found her body responding. Turning slowly to face away from Darren, she carefully lowered herself onto her knees.
Gingerly shuffling her knees until they were shoulder length apart, Renee leant forward until her head was resting on her hands placed out in front of her. She heard Darren sharply inhale before slowly letting out a sigh, taking a few steps towards her, admiring the view of her shameful exposure in front of him. Never before now could Darren have ever imagined that his modest, uptight colleague would ever be presented in front of him like this.
Lowering himself to his knees behind her, Darren placed a hand on each of her bare cheeks and slowly, steadily began to part them. Renee flinched slightly as she felt his calloused hands against her smooth skin and let out an involuntary gasp as she felt him slowly moving them apart. But she didn't move, holding her demeaning position on the floor as her colleague slowly parted her cheeks open, stopping only when she was completely spread wide.
Renee could feel her asshole pulling taught, her labia spread wide open, completely exposed in every way that she could be. And she'd never felt so turned on. In that moment, she knew that if Darren asked to fuck her, she would do it. An idea that had once seemed repulsive, even laughable improbably, was now driving its way deep into her mind.
She knew Darren could see how wet she was, he was close enough to smell her arousal, and yet he just held her there, almost taunting her, stretching her open as wide as he could, and then stretching some more.
"We're going to see each other again Renee," he said, still holding her open in front of himself. "I'll let you know when and where, and what to wear. And in the meantime, I don't want you touching yourself. Do you understand me? I want you dripping with anticipation. I want to see how wet your gash can get..."
The last comment sent a shudder through Renee. The word he had chosen was so demeaning, so degrading...but in this moment felt so accurate. Still on all fours with her face down, not wanting to release her position, Renee responded, "O-OK...yes."
"Yes...what?" Darren replied, and even though Renee couldn't see his face she knew he was smirking.
"Yes sir...Mr Ward..." Renee managed to respond. As the final words left her lips, she let out an involuntary gasp and moan as Darren slid his flinger along her open pussy, sliding from the top, downwards and over her clit. The moment had lasted only a second, but the sensation sent a jolt of electricity through her entire body, making her arms and legs shudder uncontrollably.
Darren moved around in front of her and held out a hand to help her up. Renee could see her own wetness on his finger as she reached up to take his hand, trembling on unsteady legs as she rose up from the floor. Darren guided her over to the office door, unlocking and pushing it open for her to enter.
Renee's hands were shaking as she fumbled with her clothes, skipping her underwear completely as she pulled on her jeans and buttoned her blouse. As she moved to leave the office, clutching her bra and panties in one hand, and her shoes in another, Darren pointed back in at the forms lying face up on her desk, "Forgetting something?"