This is part two of a three-part mostly fictional story, but loosely based on some actual experiences had while camping. All characters are fictional and are over 18. The story is self-edited and proofed with the help of software. Some errors are expected.
___________________________________
Summer came again, and the two couples and close friends decided to take a long weekend, instead of Friday, they got there on Thursday. They made good time and found the secluded spot that wife Lori and the couple's friend Jim had fished at the summer before, well, that's what they had both told their spouses they did. In truth, it was really where they broke their marriage vows with each other in epic fashion. Lori loved her husband Bill then, and still loves him, but could not help but to get a flashback of the nearly full day of lustful sex she had when she cheated with the couple's friend.
Lori stood there pantie, and bra-less in the cute polka dot sundress she chose for comfort on the car trip. Comfort was only part of it, knowing that only that one piece of cloth kept her from being naked made her feel so sexy. The result of that was her remembering the first time she was at that spot. Lori was standing there in almost a dreamlike state thinking about the year before. The seduction of Jim, the male in the other couple they were camping with. She could almost see Jim standing there naked and offering to help her join him nude, by helping her remove her shorts. That was just the beginning of a day of mad passionate sex the two of them had. It was such a sexually fulfilling day it even caused them to find a reason to come back there the next morning to talk about what happened. Little talk resulted, and they ended up having a full session of lovemaking in nature again.
At the same time, that first day Jim's wife their friend Cassie worked to seduce Lori's husband Bill. She had some success but he refused to go as far as to fuck her. That did not happen until the next day.
__________________________________
Soon a cool breeze came off of the lake causing her sundress to lift. It felt so good on her wet bottom that she pulled up her dress exposing herself from the waist down, just for the feel of a breeze on her bare private area. That flash was not missed by her husband Bill. The small incident caused them to focus on each other that morning. I guess it was a case of fuck the one your with.
Despite those memories, today it was just Lori and Bill, and they had just arrived there. The same girl that claimed to be not sure if she could find the special fishing spot without Jim, was able to direct Bill right to it this time. They had borrowed his dad's big Jeep Wagoneer and some of his camping gear, for the first time they had room for a decent table, a better stove, lantern, and extra coolers for more food and beer on this trip. They were looking forward to not just enjoying the friendship of the other couple, but both longed to have sex with the other's spouse again. Something they were both hoping would not have to be done in secret this time but enjoyed as a group.
Even though they were anxious to get naked and swim, Bill and Lori somehow managed to get the tent up by themselves. They wanted to get at least that task out of the way to place their stake on that great camping spot. They stood there checking out the bigger tent that they borrowed, and were promised would sleep 6, but it was not looking quite that spacious to them. They knew that being in one tent would limit their privacy. But with their relationships growing to the point of cheating with the other's spouse, fucking in the same tent at the same time might be considered mild.
They all wanted their friend's partner and preferred it to not be a cheat in private, but as a swap with the other's blessings. Not one of them was not curious about how it would feel to either fuck in front of their spouse, or watch them getting fucked by close friends. They also assumed their friends felt the same, and that having them be friends would be a good way to sample what an open marriage would be like. The only thing holding them back was that no one wanted to be the first to bring it up.
The two of them were anxious to smoke a bowl, maybe two before taking that naked swim. Lori's sundress flash, and Bill's viewing of it, though not on purpose, had them both horny. They wanted to have a wild naked sex session, just the two of them, and out in the open before their friends got there.
Jim and Cassie were not expected until much later. They both had to work at least a partial day and were not expected until at least dinner time. Their SUV was in the shop and they only had Cassie's little car to use, with little area for camping equipment, thus the reason for Bill and Lori to bring the bulk of what is needed.
For Bill and Lori, it was probably a good thing for them to have time together just the two of them, and out in nature. As a couple, they both had been restless, well maybe a bit bored with their routine sex, and it was showing in their marriage. Despite the feelings of a need for excitement that had led them to stray on the last trip, they were both still deeply in love with each other.
Bill had more than an inkling of what went on at that spot they set up on with his wife and friend but loved the spot all the same. His thoughts were more of it being a good place to fish with that same buddy, and of it being a private place to potentially get high, naked, and then fuck in the open. Lori had some of the same ideas Bill had and was trying to live in the present and block the memory of the fantastic sex she had with Jim from her mind, as Bill was still the love of her life.
Bill and Lori followed a little path behind where they set up the tent. It led to some more shoreline, as the camping spot was almost a peninsula. The little walk down the path caused them to find that not far from them was a good place to swim. You couldn't, well, shouldn't call it a beach but they decided to, it did have more sand than gravel along the shore.
Bill had sensed Lori's state of mind when she purposely lifted her dress to expose her naked bottom to nature, and enjoy its breeze in return, he knew she was thinking like him. He stripped to his boxers and waded out to check out the spot for a possible swimming beach. He found the bottom was at least partly sand and through the clear water. He could see it was absent of broken bottles and other trash and did not drop off so quickly. That made it a safer place than where Jim and Lori claimed they fished. It was decided that it was going to be their beach as it was also a more secluded area further back and hidden from the road.
Lori gathered, and lifted her dress again, this time for Bill's viewing and to walk in briefly as well. Stood there with her pussy exposed to Bill as she agreed with his choice. That second long flash of her pussy, caused his manhood to react and set the stage for their late morning. They were drawn by their own, and the feelings the surroundings were giving them to get a buzz and the fuck they both wanted. It was too early to drink, but not to smoke a bowl and get stoned on the excellent pot they brought. According to the friend Bill got the weed from, it was expected to be the best they ever had. Lori went to get the pot and some pastries they brought with them.
They started by smoking and then sat at the water and talked. They snacked on the pastries as the first signs of the strength of the pot caused some deep conversation about their marriage, mostly about the lack of frequent sex lately. It was something they needed to open up to each other about for a long time. They both admitted that their love has not faded, but sex had grown a little boring at times. They both yearned for some of the sexual excitement they had in the early years of their marriage. The two of them were a much wilder couple back then, especially when it came to nudity outdoors.
Lori used that opportunity to tell Bill she knew that he had lustful feelings for Cassie. She knew it from seeing how he was often the first to strip for swimming, and made sure he got naked while pointing her way when the four of them were together. His cock showed the same excitement getting naked for Cassie as he used to for her. That did not bother Lori, it was how Cassie would react to it sometimes, by finding a way to be close to him that made her a little jealous. Sometimes Cassie's undressing was more like a strip show intended just for him. She used that conversation as the time to tell Bill that was why she gave him the pass to accept oral sex from her. Telling him she understood his need for the kind of excitement a blow job from someone else would bring.
Lori did not want to tell him about her exploits with Jim, and the excitement they brought her, as they far exceeded oral. They were on a whole different level, and not done with his approval. She did admit, however, that she has had lustful feelings for Jim, and just gone as far as to say she has tried not to act on them. That statement was well worded, as it was not denying what had already happened. It was not like he didn't notice her paying attention to Jim the night he was so drunk, that he fell trying to pee with his shorts down around his ankles. After they all poked fun at him he stubbornly refused to put them back on and sat at the campfire naked, and even showing some wood at times the rest of that evening. Bill also saw how happy Lori was to grab him by his muscular arms, and who knows by what else as they all struggled to get the naked Jim in his tent.
That was as far as they took that particular conversation, but deep down they both knew that something more than oral sex had happened for all of them on that trip last summer. They were smart enough to keep it to themselves. They both also knew that their own sex lives were rejuvenated for at least a short while afterward. This talk made Lori horny, and she used the sexy skimpy dress to tease him some more as they talked. Deliberately having it pulled up as she sat legs spread showing more than a little of her pussy. That scene was likely more effective than if she was just sitting naked. It seemed to work, Bill was showing some wood already without his or her touch.
The result of this conversation and more pot was them sitting there extremely aroused and very stoned. When you added in their thoughts of possibly fucking the others spouse again on this trip, it made something sexual between the two of them need to happen, and soon.
Her thoughts and the pot they shared had already caused Lori to want to expose herself again, and she stood with her back to the lake and faced Bill. Then she pulled the shoulder straps aside to let them drop, and expose all of her model's body to him. The view just confirmed this was the best spot in the park. Lori reached down to put her fingers in herself as her final signal to him of what she wanted. Then she told him, "If this turns you on, pull those boxers off and prove it to me. Join me, grab your bait in your hand fisherman, and I will take it like a large mouth bass would take a big fat worm."
Not only did he answer that request, but he also started stroking his hard member as she masturbated to continue this ritual she initiated.
It was such a scene for both of them, they never mutually masturbated before. To do this out in the open with such beautiful scenery just enhanced the act.
As hot as it was, it was not like engaging each other, and Lori was soon on her knees and sucking his cock as he looked up at her with loving eyes. They needed this badly, something to jump-start their sex life. What happened then was not something that either had ever dreamed of.
It was a private scene at first, there was only one boat visible on the lake, but quite some distance away. Bill checked from time to time and watched what looked like a couple of fishermen as they moved in a little closer, and it made what they were doing more thrilling. Bill knew that once he could see them better, they could probably see them too. They eventually would not help but recognize what was a beautiful woman's naked ass and maybe even close enough to see, his wife's bald pussy.
The thrill this possible showing gave him was a surprise to him. I guess every man with a beautiful wife imagines at some time what a thrill it might be like to show off her private parts to a stranger, that thought came to him. They would soon be close enough to at least see her ass, even if they could only speculate on what she was doing to make it stick up in the air like that, giving them such a view.
Bill looked down at his beautiful wife, her breasts, and nipples. She was sexier than he remembered seeing her in quite a while, especially with a mouthful of his cock as she looked back at him. It was obvious that both of their feelings were dreamlike in that environment and state of mind. They were also stoned beyond belief, and this spot was not like staying in a motel, their view was of nature, and no 10-dollar prints of paintings a motel room could offer would come close to what they had there. The urge to fuck was delayed. Lori was too busy getting serious on Bill's cock. Lori's beautiful ass and pussy were exposed only to the waterfowl that would land and paddle along on the water not far behind her.
Bill then noticed the boat was now close enough for them to now see their nakedness, Lori's ass for sure. Being nude for guys was not a thrill on its own, but while getting his cock sucked by a beautiful naked woman was. He did not have to guess that it would be a thrill for Lori too. He had witnessed the look of delight on her face whenever Jim would pay attention to her naked beauty while the two couples would skinny-dip. He decided to tell her, "Honey, just want you to know you have some distant, but I think now ardent admirers of that perfect, and very much exposed ass of yours. Surprisingly I am enjoying not just your oral, but showing your ass and bald pussy off to them as well. I am telling you because I figured you might enjoy knowing it."
Lori looked up with a shocked but excited as well look on her face, but wanted to know more.
Bill told her, "The two fishermen are no longer too far away to not know you are seriously sucking a cock. That seems to be enough to keep drawing them closer, how does that make you feel to have your whole ass and bald pussy on display for what looks like two young fishermen as you are sucking your own personal fisherman's cock?"
Lori let his cock go to look up at him and say, "Sexy Honey, it makes me feel sexy and anxious to have that cock of yours inside me in front of them too, but it better be true. Don't fuck with me, because that is so hot, do you think they can see this bald pussy? It is just dripping wet from sucking your cock. Do they look cute? Like somebody that I would want to see me naked? I admit I have an exhibitionist side to me, I never got to fully explore, and so do you, at least when it comes to Cassie. But right now you're naked with me in front of strangers, and not in a hurry to put your shorts back on."
She got back to work and Bill told her that they were still too far for him to tell how cute. He told her they looked young and were shirtless in nothing but shorts. They were in a bass boat with swivel chairs. He told her he could tell for sure they were not old or fat, and he was pretty sure she would like them to see her pussy and ass.
The fishermen could not hide the fact that they were casually moving closer with their boat using their electric motor, trying to pretend that they were moving to new fishing spots. There was no longer much if any fishing being done by them.
Bill kept her posted and eventually told her they were close enough to know they were watching two people getting it on in some way out in the open. It was almost too much for Bill, he was enjoying the blowjob, and not ready to cum yet and was trying to hold back. He kept her posted that it looked like they were pumping down beers and just enjoying the show. He said, "I think it is finally time to get up and let them fully enjoy the beauty of your whole body."
It served a purpose, it further turned them both on, mostly Lori. Even though she was not sure if he was serious about all of what he said, but was ready to reveal all of herself to strangers with Bill's blessings.
Lori in her world of thought shared one, "Wouldn't it be so fucking hot to not just be naked while blowing you, but to be watched doing some serious fucking? I am game, should we give them a show they will remember, and at least have wanted to join? I am willing to crawl up there, and take your cock in my bald pussy so they can see more of what this slutty wife of yours has to offer?"
Bill liked that thought, and was all for it, and said, "Let's start by getting a spot ready, and trying not to look outward toward them as you debut the rest of yourself. We can then spread the blanket out and at least try to act like we don't know they are watching. Before we fuck, I want them to see more of my beautiful wife as I eat her pussy first. The thought of being naked with my head in your pussy out in the open in front of strangers is too hot an opportunity to pass on."
Lori again did not answer but followed instructions, Bill was spreading out the blanket as she gave them a show. She made a pivot toward the woods, and slowly, so they did not get just part, but the full view of her body. She then helped spread the blanket with her butt and pussy pointing their way, but not lifting her head. Lori felt so exposed and turned on as they went about the business of spreading the blanket knowing they were being watched. Both she and Bill were turned on beyond belief.
Bill told her, "You have their full attention now, it is your turn to keep me up to date on them. I am ready to go diving in that beautiful pussy of yours. Remember I am a free diver and can use that training to dive for up to three minutes without taking a breath."
Lori laid back, propping her upper body up to show her breasts, and trying to look focused on Bill, but she could see them without looking up. First Lori opened her legs wide and grabbed her ankles as he lifted her so they would have a chance of seeing what he was about to do with her. She knew that even though he was not that fond of anal sex, he loved treating her orally. He liked eating her ass as well as her pussy. Bill lifted her even higher as he started with her ass.
She knew that Bill's action would make her sex more visible, and it turned her on even more. Having her pussy on display as she was getting eaten out, gave her a chill. It was pretty hot for both of them knowing that they were putting on a show for two males that were strangers to them. She kept Bill up-to-date telling him they seem to have drifted even closer and did not seem to be trying to hide the fact that they were watching, nor were they fishing anymore. She joked that maybe since she could not see their hands, they were too busy jerking off to cast.
That was the last update said in a normal voice and tone. The next one was, "Oh Fuck Yeah, that feels good Bill, this is so fucking hot, they must have realized we were doing it for them as well as ourselves. I would just love to see them jerk off as we continue our sex acts. Dare I do a reverse cowgirl and point my breasts right at them, so I can show them how my tits bounce as your hard cock goes in and out of my exposed pussy?"
Bill stopped licking her clit long enough to say, "Maybe as a finale Sweetheart, or maybe an encore."
Both took note of the fact they were talking like young lovers again, using words like Sweetheart, Honey, or just Sweetie. It felt so good to them to recapture some of those feelings.
It made Lori feel so sexy to display herself naked in such an intimate action with the man she loved so much, she could not lift and spread her legs any further without it hurting. It was about time to let them see him bury his hard cock inside her Bill thought.
Once Bill got her off orally, they moved on to fucking. They both lost view of them in some of the positions they fucked in, they were a few, and they were so into the sex as they were being watched. Bill did wonder if they could see his cock going in and out of his hot wife, or his balls smacking her. He realized that they had to know by then that we were aware of their interest, They were close enough to be moored on the rocks, that were at the shoreline. He figured it would take more courage, but they all would have a good view of each other if he pointed her that way and pounded her doggie.
Once they got into place and he entered her, it was obvious that they realized this was a show they were willfully giving them, and decided to just watch and maybe please themselves. Lori was now able to watch them as Bill pounded her pussy from behind. Lori was focused on them and was loud enough for them to hear her in that quiet late morning environment.
Bill felt it was time to get the show going even though it would be obvious it was deliberate. He suggested it was time she could turn around like she wanted to, mount him reverse cowgirl if she wanted, and give them a good look at what a part-time model looks like naked and riding her husband's cock. He knew her riding his cock while seeing them naked and touching themselves to the show would blow her mind. Lori said to Bill, "Fuck it, they're watching, surely hoping for more of a show, let's do it! I bet I can get them to jerk off for me."
Once she made the turn and could look right out them, all four of them were no longer able to act like they were not enjoying seeing or performing this show. In their bass fishing boat with swivel seats pointed their way they did not care who was watching who anymore. They must have been close friends because at least one had his cock out and stroking it, and the other soon joined. It made her so proud that she actually could cause them to have to please themselves. "Well my bouncing breasts did the trick, they are stroking themselves, and I won the bet, I will try to think of what the payoff can be."
She was then strumming her clit as she rode, all four of them were getting sexual stimulation, her and Bill the most. It was the best sex she could remember since that last trip there. She was tiring though but wanted to still watch them jerk, even though she could not see their cocks very clearly. It did not matter knowing what they were doing was enough. She managed to get out between moans, "I want to be your doggie Bill, it would be the best way to fuck right now."
It truly was a good idea and was accepted, this would still feature most of her body and little of Bill's. The bonus was they could both watch their reactions.
It was not a hard transition, and Lori was now down on all fours. Looking out to the water as Bill pounded her. It was special sex as her senses were so much sharper. She could feel every bit of Bill's cock as it slid in and out of her pussy, even his balls as they would swing forward and make contact with her butt. She wished Bill was more open to sliding it in her ass. She still remembered how it felt when she let Jim in that hole. She learned to enjoy anal back in college, when Jim fucked her that way last summer it took her back to those fun and slutty times.
Bill who had been happy to be in the background then took center stage. Once they saw one of them seem to shoot his load, Bill finished as the other did, and pulled out to lift his cock up far enough to shoot his seed from her ass up to her back. He helped her up, and she took him by the hand and they stood there as the fisherman just starting to pull their shorts back on readied to pull away. They acknowledged each other finally. Lori through a kiss as she checked out what she could see of them, and they waved as they pulled away.
Their first fuck with an audience, and of masturbating strangers at that, was a real thrill. It made for what would end up being a memorable day, and they did end up napping, but right then and there on the beach naked. Bill woke up first, started at her toes, and kissed his way up to her pussy. She woke as he made the journey, and it was just the start of the second session of lovemaking, a short one of mostly him just plain fucking her again, and right there on the beach. This time shooting his load inside her, then them taking the first skinny dip of the weekend. Then they went back to the tent to get ready for their friend's arrival.
_________________________________________________
Much later, Jim and Cassie pulled in, and the two of them were both glad to get off the road and were hungry. Bill knew by the last text that came in about when to expect them. Cell phone signals came and went at that park. Phone calls were next to impossible unless you climbed a hill and found a clearing, but a text needs only a few seconds of connectivity to launch or receive.
Bill had some burgers on the grill and they brought their stuff in as Lori and Bill got dinner ready. They were so happy to see each other after a whole winter and spring. They did love each other and always felt so comfortable together. They all wondered if they were ever going to get the courage to say what they desired, a swap.
Bill and Jim started fishing soon after and drinking beer of course. It was not long before they were talking shit about who was the best at catching fish. A wager was made, but as usual with them, money was not involved. It was about who could catch the most by dark, and the loser had to start the fire. Lori and Cassie were sitting there observing and talking on their own, but then put their two cents in.
Cassie said, "That's a pretty weak bet, you guys can do better than that?"
They did not respond but heard her. When the sun started to set and they both were shirtless and pretty fucked up, yes, they were back to their normal selves when camping. They were back to just dropping their shorts and peeing first by the lake, then later in it, and right in front of the wives giving them a view of their naked butts as they did.
Their state of inebriation and the fact that they were tied at 4 keepers apiece, made them add another condition to the bet. The loser now had to not just gather the wood and start the fire, but do it naked, survivor style. Then, they had to stay naked for the rest of the night. None of them would see anything they haven't already seen, but the thought of a CFNM session would add to the fun, especially for the girls.
The bet ended up in a tie when it got just too dark to fish, but the guys did not want to admit it was and stop fishing. When Bill mentioned getting the lantern, the girls jumped on them. Cassie told them, "Oh No, it's too fucking dark out here now, and I want a fire and some marshmallows. Since it is a tie I expect to see two naked studs building the fire, and honoring the conditions they made!"
Not a lot of arguments followed about the getting naked part, they were drunk by then, but would not have cared even if they had been sober. They tried to act indifferent but the thought of being naked for the spouses, especially each other's made them forget about the contest that ended in a tie. A fish-off to determine the winner would just have to wait until the following day.
The still-dressed girls were treated to their naked husbands gathering wood in their shower shoes. It was still light enough to see how sexy their cute little asses were. They gave them any comment they could think of to fuck with them. Lori said, "Look Cassie your man has the bigger dick, but look at the size of those balls on mine. I sure felt them hitting my ass this morning when we were seen fucking by the lake."
Cassie was impressed, Lori saved the best part of being watched to tell around the fire.
Once they got the fire going they were cleaning fish for breakfast, they were afraid to leave them on the stringer and have some animals steal them. They made them stay naked, but of course, more harassment came, like, "Careful with those knives over there, keep a good grip on the handle, don't Bobbit yourselves. You would be useless to us then, and we would need to find new men." No further explanation was necessary, guys know being naked with sharp things is scary.
As they were cleaning fish they heard a car, and could see headlights, it appeared that some people were arriving across the road. Cassie went to their cars to peek over and check them out. She came back and said that it was just some college kids trying to set up in the dark. She joked about sending them their naked men over with the lantern to help. They went back to their drinking and talking at the fire. They were having fun, even if they did not have their naked husbands to make fun of they would have been happy just all being together again.
Both couples were sitting by the fire when Lori told Cassie and Jim about putting on a fuck show for the fisherman that afternoon. Just the fucking at the lake part she told her earlier had her envious, now the rest of the story in detail had all of them horny. How could the guys not get erect as she was telling how she shed her sundress, showing all to the fishermen? The fucking part put the icing on the cake.
The surprise of the night, probably the weekend, came after that. The guys were still nude, Bill sitting, and Jim standing still in sight with cock in hand trying to pee with the hard-on the story had given them. Right about then two girls, Mia and Lynn from the group across the street walked up on the four of them. They saw the guys right away and were a bit sheepish when they did. Bill and Jim had no time to go for cover, Bill tried to cover his hard cock with his hands. Jim, the drunkest as usual was like a deer in the headlights. Jim was frozen there still holding his impressive wood. Seeing these two young girls did nothing to shrink their packages either.
The two younger girls could see them both clearly, and tried to keep straight faces as they explained why they came over. They said that between the four of them, all intelligent engineering or advanced science juniors no one thought to pack matches. Not just matches but probably countless other items they had yet to discover they were missing. Once the one got that out, the other dared to joke with them.
"Did we interrupt something, I am guessing this is a CFNM deal and these hot guys sporting such nice erections that they are now trying to cover are your slaves. They looked like they were glad to see us when we walked up, and we saw their manhood at full attention. I think you should command them to get up and greet us as you did, we want to see what they are trying to hide, and not that successfully with their hands?"
Cassie did, "Did you hear them? Slaves, you were running around naked and even pissing in front of us a while ago. So hands off your junk, I think they have seen your hard penises already. Get over here so we can introduce you, don't talk, we will for you."
The guys walked over, fortunately, drunk enough for courage, but not too drunk to not get even more excited about seeing two college girls. I guess they were both embarrassed and proud of what they had to show. They were not a foot away from the tips of their hard penises they no longer tried to hide. Truth was, they enjoyed showing themselves to them, these were hot girls, not wearing a lot of clothes on a hot night either like their wives, but they were not their wives. They were both shapely little things with a lot of spunk to be that forward.
Cassie introduced their husbands saying, "Well these are our slaves, Jim and Bill, Jim is the one with the slightly bigger penis. The other one with the big balls is Bill, Lori was telling us how good they felt slapping against her ass down by the lake before we even got here. It was a hot story you missed, they claim to have got naked and fucked as a pair of hot fishermen watched from their boat."
The girls' Mia and Lynn seemed more than a little impressed.
Lynn said, "So do you guys all sleep together in one tent? Do you ever get your slaves mixed up in the dark? Or can you tell by feel with the big balls and stuff?"
After a short laugh by only the girls, Lori said, "No, this is the first time we are all in one tent, but that might be an idea we might want to pursue. Maybe some kind of guess whose cock is in you, or whose balls are hitting your ass type game. Thanks for the suggestion!"
They had a surprise for the guys when they left saying, "Stand up and at attention again there are two women here that are leaving."
They did of course and Lori and Cassie could not help but laugh when the girls reached out and asked, "Do you mind if we shake your slave's penises?"
Lori not sure exactly what she meant said, "Sure but not too long, you may get some precum if not a whole load of their seed on you."
They were not kidding, they took the end of their penises in their thumb and forefinger and shook them like you would shake someone's hand as a greeting. They then excused themselves to go back to their friends who they made sure to let them know they were not committed to, and in fact, they are just classmates.
Mia said as they left, "We have never done anything with our guys, until now they have been just friends that we assume we will get carnal with this trip. We have some party stuff with us and hope to get them naked soon and see what they got, we are hoping for some cocks like your slaves are sporting. You are welcome to join us and party sometime if you partake. Thanks for the matches, I hope we see you and your slaves tomorrow."
Cassie might be the ornery one, but Lori is the thoughtful one. She pointed to the path to the newly discovered beach and said, "You guys are welcome to come through here to take that path to what loosely resembles a beach. It's not big but seems to be absent of broken glass. Just a warning though, we swim just like we came into this world. As you already learned nudity does not bother us, if it does not bother you are welcome.
We camp in this park at least a couple of times a summer, and nudity just seems to happen more when we are here in the great outdoors. Drinking and smoking pot seem to help set the mood. However, this is the only time we have had a site we could be naked most of the time. So just be aware we will likely take advantage of that and be naked, and hopefully getting fucked by our men a lot."
"Thanks, guys, I don't know about my friend here, but your guys and your story has me horny. I hope we can get our guys naked like yours when we get back. As far as the beach goes, we might just join you there tomorrow. Since you guys partake, we brought some party things with us, both to get us ready and some things to entertain during. You would be welcome to join us, the more the merrier they say!
One more thing, what about the absence of bathrooms around here?"
Lori took that one too, "Well we suggest you go as far away from your area as you can. But after dark, we girls are afraid to go into the woods, and our guys are usually too drunk to escort us. As for them, they typically just whip them out in front of us and take a few steps away. So if we have to pee, we do the same, but we have to remove our bottoms if we have any, then we just squat, and sometimes together as we empty our bladders in front of them. Now for #2, you drive down this road about a mile and there is an outhouse. Make sure you are ready before you go in one. It is not the kind of place to read a magazine or diddle yourself if you get my drift."
"Thanks again, especially for showing us your slave's cute asses and letting us shake their hard wieners. Enjoy them, I hope we get lucky too, if for no other reason than to see what they got."
They left, and the girls got a good laugh from the whole thing, at Bill and Jim's expense. They did not care though, what guy does not want to show a nice hardon to a young girl that seemed interested?
Cassie was a bit froggy from seeing their spouses walking around naked and now with hard cock's caused by the visitors. It was not just the guys that were drinking. They had all smoked a bowl and the girls were hitting a box of wine pretty hard, nothing but the finest wine when camping.
Cassie told the guys, "I see the excitement you were showing is pretty much gone now, your little Johnnies are just hanging there looking sad. Don't we excite you anymore, do we have to get naked for you?"
Bill responded to that one, "Well, it would help, but if you are looking for real honesty? Those young coeds checking us out did the trick even with their clothes on. Now with our wives, it might take a little more than even their nudity. But I can promise you, a surprise blowjob will get us hard immediately, we can imagine it is from one of those young girls, or if I can be really honest, from each other's wife."
"You horny bastards, in your dreams!" Lori then said to Cassie, "Come pee with me in private, I have an idea I want to discuss."
Between the young girls' statement, and Bill's she came up with something. They did have a discussion and peed, then came back, now naked and carrying their clothes. The guys did not know what was going down but enjoyed the escalation and the view. They walked over to their husbands, rolled up their tops, and wrapped them around the guys' heads covering their eyes. Those young girls gave us an idea for a game you two might like, guess who is sucking your cock, that is the name of the game. "Are you in?"
"Hell Yeah!" Was their answered almost simultaneously. Then the girls gave them the rules, no touching, so they had to keep their hands down, beside them, and stand while they sat down.
They finally got everyone's OK for at least a temporary swap. They set it up, took them by the hands to stand the two blindfolded, and overly buzzed and horny husbands up without falling. They had arranged the four chairs in two rows of two. They sat the guys back down and they moved back away and said, "OK, there is going to be no more talking by us to give our identities away. You two are going to have to figure it out by our sucking skills."
This was a great deal for all of them, they were tired of the secret that was not one. This partial swap could lead to opening up their relationships to each other even more, and then their conscience could be a little relieved about the cheating they all have already done.
Lori said, "We are coming over," and they said it from about 6 feet away. Then they walked over and each took a chair, they took each other's spouse's cocks in their mouth, of course, that was mostly about what this was about, a way to ease into a swap. They all were thinking it, but no one wanted to acknowledge it outright and played the game.
It had been almost a full year since they had sucked the other's husband's cock, and that was not in front of each other or with each other's blessings, this carried its excitement for them. They had discussed the oral they have with their guys, girls do that, and had some idea how to try to fool them as to who it was. For one, they knew how the other usually started and added that to what the guys liked to try to fool them. They got to work and were loving it, both guys were hard immediately of course. They had to stop to muffle a wine-influenced giggle when they looked over to see the other sucking their husband's cock, actually seeing it was a new experience for them. In truth to some degree their blow job styles were similar, they both got the first part out of the way and began to freestyle trying to do new things to fool them.
Both guys were squirming, and both Lori and Cassie did not want to stop. They had a mouth full of cock that they had lusted for. They both were wet and would have loved to just climb on and fuck the other's spouse. Both Jim and Bill thought the mouths reminded them of the other's spouse but were afraid, to guess either one might get them in trouble.
Cassie tapped Lori on the shoulder, and they pulled away. Stepped back a few feet to see what their handy work caused, and ask them.
"Well, Jim, who was sucking your cock, me or Lori?"
"Oh
boy, I don't want to get in trouble, but here I go. At first, I was sure it was you, then there was some unfamiliar stuff, and I was no longer sure."
Then Lori asked Bill and he said, "It felt like yours, but were you trying something different at the end too?"
Cassie said, We will give you your results later, but I will give you a hint, right now I want some more strange cock."
Cassie proposed a change in plans in Lori's ear and they went with it. They both took their shorts off to make access to their sex easier. They squeezed into one chair in front of Jim and double-teamed him. It was the two girls' first time touching each other like that while naked, and it was a turn-on of its own. Jim got that right away, and so did a neglected Bill.
Jim said, "Oh my God, both of you, did I die, is this what Heaven is like?"
Bill pleaded, "Hey guys what about me."
They gave him his turn next, then let them both take off the blindfolds to see each other's, naked spouse.
"Tent time guys?" Lori said, "We want to lay back as you try to fool us with your cunnilingus skills."
Well, they liked the sounds of that, all of them, all knowing the oral would be a swap too but hoping it would eventually lead to fucking each other's spouse. When they got in the tent the guys took over the rules and put the blindfolds on the girls. Then told them to lift their legs and hold them, so that they would only be feeling their tongues and not make them by the feel of their hands.
The guys could not wait to eat some pussy, especially the other's wife. It was pretty much a given who the guys would go for and did. Nobody was fooling anyone, but they were all getting what they wanted. The girls did not worry about hurting feelings and were goading them. Lori said, "Oh fuck Yeah, watch him, Bill, this man knows how to eat a pussy."
It was not long though that Bill got Cassie off, and he wanted to do what he would have if it was just him and Lori, he wanted to just go right into fucking her. He is usually the quiet one, but told them, "Well, is it time for you girls to try to guess whose cock is fucking you now?"
They wasted no time answering, Jim already had his large and swollen knob against Lori's pussy lips, and Bill was right behind him with his cock pressing on Cassie's opening.
Lori, "OK guys, games over, I mean the guessing game, let's face it, it was just a setup for swapping spouses anyway. Take the blindfolds off, I want to look into the eyes of my friend's husband as he fucks me. I want to watch Bill fuck my friend as well."
Cassie, "OK Bill, Lori always tells me what a good fuck you are, prove it, fuck me in front of my husband like you do her, damn this is as fucking hot as I always dreamed it would be! Yes admit it guys, we all have at least imagined this."
They were then officially swingers, Jim went right into kissing Lori as she held her legs back and he slowly shoved his big cock in and out of her, they all four were turned on by this event. Bill might have been the most turned on, he may not have been as surprised at how much he had liked seeing Jim eat Lori's pussy, but his big cock pounding her and giving her pleasure was even better. He realized he was losing focus thinking about all the activities of that day and got back to work on Cassie. He may have been outgunned, but he pounded her fresh pussy so hard that his balls started hurting. She responded well, "Fuck Yeah Bill pound me, I will gladly be your cum slut for the night."
It turned out to be an amazing turn of events, and it went on for a long time. They fucked in all positions, when Lori mounted Jim, Cassie could see that it turned Bill on watching, and she mounted him too. They all got some pleasure from seeing their partners fuck. Now the girls were side by side, and took time to kiss each other, even swapping tongues in front of their husbands, girl on girl with each other was another first for them. It was pretty much a given that they were going to get the other's cum inside them, as it was what they all wanted. They were pretty much fucked out once they did cum, especially Lori, but it was still too early to sleep, and no one wanted to switch back to their spouse once they finally took this big step.
They decided to go for a moonlight swim a little later, and Jim picked up Lori and Bill picked up Cassie and carried them down the path. Nothing was said then about the swap being still in progress either, but the fact that it continued proved it was something they all wanted. It was a little later in the summer and the water was warmer than usual so they did some chicken fighting with each other's spouse on their shoulders.
They had fucked each other back at the tent in low light, but now they were out in the moonlight next to the lake. This made it even easier to see each other than back at the fire, and they all wanted more sex, even Lori. They drank some more and smoked a bowl at the fire as well, and all of them were fucked up enough to have the courage to do even more sexual things in front of each other.
Bill and Cassie were the first to spread a blanket and take their make-out session into another phase, first by Cassie sucking his cock, then him eating her out again in front of them. This turned on the other two who were enjoying watching, so Lori first stroked, then sucked Jim's cock as they waited their turn to use the blanket. Even though her and Cassie set it up, Lori could not believe what was going down. Were they all naked? Was she sitting on Jim's lap watching her husband eating Cassie's pussy? It could not be described as anything else than a surreal scene. It was a more intimate act to watch, than when she saw them fuck at the tent.
Once Bill made Cassie cum orally, he pushed her legs back and started fucking her. Not only was he pounding her, but it was also pile driving style. Their view was of his ass and balls going up and down, and his hard shaft going in and out of her swollen hole as he pounded her, and then pulled out and pumped his load, covering Cassie's face with his spunk, also kind of strange to watch.
They all got up to change places and Lori could not help but embrace Cassie and clean Bill's cum off of her face. If fact, the two of them were so turned on and fucked up, they lost control and the next turn was the two of them with each other. They ended up in a 69 on the blanket for a short session of eating each other out in front of their husbands.
It was such a turn-on for the guys watching them, they could not help but touch themselves as they did. Jerking off was not something they could have ever imagined doing in front of their fishing buddy.
Cassie had Lori worked up, and she was in the same show-off mode she was with the fisherman that morning. She wanted to do something shocking to the others, especially for Bill to see. Lori took Jim's hand for his turn on the blanket. They got right into fucking, and this time it was Jim's big cock she was taking cowgirl as she faced them. She arched her back sticking her breast out and said, "Is this Fucking Hot or what? You two were just beautiful fucking in the moonlight, I don't think we can outdo you, but I am trying to think of a way."
Try she did, every time she could see he looked like he might cum she would stop and change fucking positions with Jim. She did think of a way to shock them, all three of them when she whispered in Jim's ear, and then they did start to fuck another way.
Lori was ready to give her pussy a rest, and lifted her legs and held them up so that Cassie and especially Bill could see as she spread open her ass cheeks to reveal her butt hole. However, Bill was probably the most shocked when he saw the tip of Jim's cock pushing against his wife's now stretched open hole and then pushing hard enough to enter his wife's ass, she was loving it too. He loved seeing her getting fucked, but taking another man's cock in her ass was over the top, and something to get used to. It helped that it was with someone they knew so well. He too realized that her pussy had to be getting sore from all the dick it had taken.
Cassie reacted differently, she wanted to please Bill. Cassie stood up and leaned over the chair so Bill could have his way with her as they both watched what was going on at the blanket. Bill could have entered either hole as far as she was concerned, but she knew he preferred fucking a pussy.
For Bill, fucking Cassie as he watched Lori take it in the ass and starting to not just be OK with it, but was starting to love it, that made it hard for him to hold back from cumming. In Jim's case, it was such a tight fuck, and he had already held back cumming several times in her pussy. He could not hold back any longer and shot his load inside her, it left a nice pie on Lori's pussy and ass. Bill shot his load on Cassie's back, and the girls went to rinse off.
Now it was time for sleeping, and they retired to the tent for their first night of cohabitation. They found out that four was pretty close to an overload for the tent, pretty much like sharing a King Bed.
Waking up naked spooning each other's spouses was a new, and odd experience. No one showed any regrets after it except for drinking too much and the mild hangovers they had the next morning. No one bothered dressing, as being nude together was so much fun the night before, and was something they had enjoyed doing at least briefly on other trips. They decided that it was so much fun they that they would try to spend all day naked. The guys started fishing after they had the previous day's catch with fried potatoes they watched their hot wives in nothing but aprons cook for them at breakfast.
The weekend was barely started and they already swapped, what they would do, and who with for the rest of it was still up in the air. But they already suspected it would be memorable.
Part Three The final part will be coming soon!