Author Note: This story is probably the most taboo I will ever get but I had a lot of fun making it. Please send me any suggestions or comments as the series is still in production! Enjoy.
______
Lindsay and Ben were the first couple we met when we moved into our neighborhood and they quickly became Sarah and I's best friends. We just clicked with them right off the bat.
Ben and I bonded over the stereotypical male interests like grilling and cocktails but also really got into photography together. Lindsay and my wife became each other's confidants, class pass buddies and had started plotting civic projects together. Over three years in we had already invited each other to our respective weddings and had even taken a trip to the beach together.
It was during the beach trip we saw each other in our skimpiest clothes, I had to admit, Lindsay and Ben were hot, in-shape and smart. Lindsay was built like an athlete coupled with lightly bronzed skin and cute blond hair. I never thought much about Ben, just knowing he was ripped, I can't add anything more than that as I never made it a point to stare at him.
However, I can freely admit that I had pleasured myself to the thought of them having sex together, I remembered that during our beach trip together we made sure to not have adjoining rooms together because they worried about us being able to hear them fucking. I don't think I would have had a problem with that, my imagination ran wild thinking about what type of sex they had.
While I speak highly of them I can't not discuss how incredibly sexy my wife is. She is the love of my life and has never ceased to make me weak in my knees. She was a little bigger than Lindsay in height and in the boobs and ass area, her flowing dark hair and brown eyes made her a knockout.
A healthy lifestyle and regular workouts had given both of us attractive bodies. We made it a point to make love in front of a mirror when we had the chance. Getting to see our bodies pleasuring each other in all their glory was the single hottest thing I had ever seen. We even made a few videos of our exploits, for the benefit of our saggy 80 year old selves.
I had no idea that anyone besides Sarah and I would ever see these videos or that we would see any other couple's most private exploits, that was until this past Saturday night.
____
Ben and Lindsay had invited us over for our monthly dinner with each other. I went to help Ben with the cooking while Sarah and Lindsay got to catch up and work on their business idea a bit more. I was really excited for them, they were working to revitalize the now defunct town paper.
I hoped that because of Ben and I's in with the future editors in chief we might get to snag the spot for the front page photo. At the moment though we were fast at work, he was on grill duty tonight while I finished up the sides on the stove top. We had decided on serving up a grilled stuffed pork tenderloin with an apricot glaze and a wild rice medley.
To top it off I had put together popovers for an appetizer. Our monthly dinners were a nice chance to serve up something fancy while we usually stuck to less complex dinners for the busy weeks between. We summoned the ladies to the dining room and I used my best French accent, "Le diner est servedddd."
Ben added, "Bon appetite mes amis!"
"You two are insufferable." Sarah laughed at us.
"We can never let them solidify any idea of starting a restaurant together. They will reach peak loser then." Lindsay spoke to Sarah but was eyeing us with suspicious eyes.
"These insults are empty words for us because we know you are going to be raving about this meal all the way up until next month. Oh by the way Lindsay, I told Dave that we would show them the video of the boat we want to rent with you guyssss!!"
"Oh a boat trip?" Sarah spoke up, "Dave! We are going. We don't even need to see boat. WE ARE INNNNNNN!!"
Lindsay replied, "Well wait to you see this boat, until then, cheers to this admittedly delicious looking dinner, I think the boys did it again."
Ben and I air fist bumped across the table and were mid-explosion when Sarah said, "You spoke too soon Lindsay, it's gone to their heads." We laughed and enjoyed the amazing meal.
We were just about finished with cleaning up when Ben told us we should go ahead and relax in the living room. Sarah and I left the kitchen and cozied up on a couch together.
"I don't know how your cooking is so damn good every time...well, except for those salmon burgers you made that one time."
I recoiled at the thought of those burgers, "I almost gagged thinking about those burgers again. Here, let me go ahead and turn the tv on to get it ready for them."
We could hear the sound of running water and dishes clinking from Lindsay and Ben cleaning up in the kitchen, I got up from my seat to grab a remote next to the tv and headed back to Sarah.
"So did Ben say where we would be taking this boat? The Carribean?"
"I want to say he mentioned the Pirates of the Caribbean movies."
"Oh yes! That would be amazing! Do we have enough saved up?"
"I think so, let's check our budget when we get home. We could do the boat trip instead of the trip to Argentina."
"Let me pull up our budget sheet right now."
I looked down at the remote and pressed power. The screen flashed on and we froze at the sight before us.
On the screen was a video already playing, of Lindsay..and Ben..fucking on a bed.
Sarah and I didn't move a muscle, we just stared. In the video Ben was fucking Lindsay from behind, taking her doggy style. We had seen both of them in their bathing suits, we knew they had good looking bodies, but everything was on display now.
We could see how incredible Lindsay really was. Lindsay's breasts swung beneath her with each thrust, her ass looked beautiful as it slammed against Ben and his cock.
Ben looked impressive too, his toned body and defined muscles on display from his shoulders down to his ass and thighs. Lindsay was looking back up at Ben as he fucked her, smiling and then looking at the camera.
I could feel my own cock growing in size within my pants, shifting underneath my underwear. I wrapped my arm around Sarah. My hand felt goose bumps. Sarah was frozen too, her eyes hooked to the screen, hooked to this private and sexual act that was all of a sudden no longer private.
From the screen I heard a "Fuck me harder Ben!"
My cock grew in size, Sarah placed a hand firmly onto my leg. Why could I not turn the video off? I should turn it off right? I knew I should stop this but I didn't. Sarah didn't say anything or do anything to make me stop it.
Both of us could not take our eyes off the sight of our best friends taking so much pleasure in each other, their bare beautiful bodies, it was so exciting. I heard footsteps but was in such as trance that I did not have the time to react.
Lindsay stepped around the corner, "Do you guys want some dessert, maybe chocolate, maybe..."
She turned to the odd sounds coming from the tv and her face went completely white.
"OH MY GOD!" She recoiled in total fear and embarrassment.
I finally shook my enraptured state and grabbed the remote to press the power button off. Fear took over my mind. I was not sure if we were in trouble but my heart was racing from crossing a line we were not meant to cross.
My eyes were wide with terror over what we just did, I stared at Lindsay and back at the screen in bewilderment. Lindsay, put a hand up to her mouth and darted her eyes back and forth from the tv to us.
Ben walked around the corner into the living room with us, unaware of our shared state of shock. "Alright! Let's show off that boat!" He pressed power on the side of the tv and the video appeared again.
"So this boooOH FUCK!" He stepped in front of the tv with his body.
"What the fuck Ben!! Turn it off!!" Lindsay yelled.
"OH MY GOD!"
Ben fumbled for the power button on the side while pitifully blocking the screen from us. I meanwhile jostled with the remote still in my hand and pressed the power button to turn it off.
"I've got it!" Unfortunately Ben made the mistake of pressing the power button after I had just turned it off and the video flashed from off, to back on again.
I yelled, "Oh Jesus Christ! Here I'm dropping the remote, just turn it off on the tv!" Ben reached for the power button on the tv again and succeeded in turning it off yet again. We all took a shallow nervous breath.
Sarah broke the silence, "We had just come in here and turned the power on and this was already on, we...umm..only saw a few seconds." That was a gross understatement from Sarah.
"I am so embarrassed!" Lindsay spoke, both hands now on a deeply red face. Ben looked to be in a state of shock too.
After a few moments Sarah said, "Do not be embarrassed Lindsay! It's perfectly natural!"
The pie fucking scene from American Pie flashed into my mind. 'Yeah, this is just as awkward.'
"If it makes you feel any better...Dave and I have made the same types of videos..." I was taken aback by Sarah but understood she was just trying to make them feel less unnerved in a less than normal manner.
"And you two looked great, I think I speak for Dave and I both when I say that." I nodded my head but had no clue where this was going to end up.
Words escaped Lindsay, her face still flushed red, "Thank you Sarah...Ben, I thought you had closed out of that file! Guys, I am so sorry for what you saw...Ben and I were revisiting some...highlights earlier today." Ben was rigid as a statue.
"Oh that's not your only tape of you two?" Sarah piped up again with a smile. Ben and I were essentially spectators at this moment, afraid of whatever we might say next.
"I feel so bad though, we intruded on your privacy and saw something of yours that we shouldn't have!"
Lindsay and Ben started to relax a bit from their heightened state and Lindsay spoke, "I mainly feel embarrassed that you saw that video, it's far from being our best one."
The two ladies laughed but Ben and I laughed much more nervously.
"Is that right Ben? You looked like a stud in that one! You two would make a killer porn star couple, it's a great side hustle. Just saying," Sarah said.
"Haha, umm, thank you. I mean I look ok in that one." Ben was red in the face but smiled, "If you saw me in our best video you'd be really impressed." His eyes shifted to Lindsay who was looking at him.
They, both smiled with a hint of sultriness, knowing WHICH video it was that was the best one.
"Let me guess Ben, it's the video that makes your dong look the biggest?" I jabbed.
"Hahah, sort of...I think it's the camera angles and the lingerie that do it though. That video..that is hot."
Ben laughed and looked at Lindsay with the memory in mind of whatever it was they had done together. The two locked eyes on each other. Whatever they had done must have been hot because I could see the lust in their eyes as they both re-visited that moment in their unspoken conversation with their bodies.
I had been hanging on every word that was being said. I suddenly realized how hot all of this talk was making me. My clothes were stifling and I could feel my heart beating harder now. Sarah's hand still rested on my thigh, still holding onto me tightly.
Why were we still talking about the video, shouldn't we have moved on by now? Something kept us from breaking away from this conversation. Ben and Lindsay were awesome friends, but now I was sexualizing them. I had seen them fucking. Not just some open door on accident type moment.
A real show of lust and sexual pleasure had played out before our eyes...and I think we wanted more. I got nervous about what unknown territory our friendship might be headed into but I was excited, my primal desires stirred. The next words spewed out of my mouth without any forethought, just stupid desire.
"Put it up on the screen then, we'll be the judge of that."
Lindsay and Ben just looked at me.
Sarah laughed, "Dave stop. We just violated their privacy, let's just move on. We can forget all about this." She looked to me not with mad eyes, no, her eyes said something of wanting, and then back to Ben and Lindsay, "We are sorry guys."
Lindsay and Ben had held their positions, not defensive, but unsure. She looked at Ben and then back at us, "Ben is right, it is really hot.."
She shook an emotion that had taken hold of her and seemed to restore some reason within her temporarily, "Oh god, I'm just so sorry we had that video up on accident. Completely our fault."
Ben looked at Lindsay and then back at us, then back to Lindsay, "I mean they already saw that one video, what would be the horror in them seeing us at our best?"
Lindsay's demeanor changed at the sound of those words, as if her most sexual self had just kicked rational Lindsay out of the driver's seat of her body. I could see Lindsay's throat move as she swallowed her nerves.
Her next words broke the tension, "Put it on Ben, but let me get some wine."
I felt every nerve in my body firing at once, what was happening? I could see from my hands that I was trembling. Sarah must have felt me because her steadied hand on my thigh began to move to pet my leg, attempting to calm me. Lindsay walked back into the kitchen while Ben opened up a nearby laptop to pull something up.
I turned to look at Sarah who had her eyes on Ben. She shook her focus to acknowledge me, our eyes spoke words of panic but also anticipation. This was a whole new world for us that we were about to step into.
I projected a calm with my eyes to let her know this was going to be ok and something about her gaze let me know that she was on board with whatever the fuck this was.
I heard the clinging of glasses as Lindsay returned with an open bottle and a handful of stemmed wine glasses. She walked over to the two of us and I helped grab two of the glasses from her. I had been in close proximity with Lindsay before but this new environment was different.
I now noticed the cute button up shirt that she was wearing with her lightly faded jeans. How her shirt opened up enough for me to see her cleavage as she bent down to hand off the glasses to me. We locked eyes for a moment and I noticed a look of desire in her eyes.
She was nervous but excited. It was as if something had been awoken inside all of us. I could tell that Sarah was looking longingly at Lindsay too, as Lindsay poured Sarah's wine they shared eye contact.
Lindsay took a glass over to set down near Ben and then walked back to the couch near us. The couch was a sectional, Lindsay sat perpendicular to Sarah and I, looking over at Ben. My eyes began to sexualize her, I wanted to see her naked body again, either on screen...or in the flesh.
I grabbed my wine and took a pre-emptive sip, I needed to calm down with my body in a state of disarray.
"Ok, this is it." Ben pressed play and the video started on his face. Non-video Ben went over to a light switch and turned it off, the only light now coming from the tv screen. Ben headed for a spot next to Lindsay and took his seat before kissing her and then nervously looking over at us.
On screen Ben spoke, "Ok Baby are you ready?"
The camera moved from his face to a recognizable hallway that Ben was walking down, this was somewhere in their house. Ben walked through the door frame and the camera panned to their bed with Lindsay sitting on it..in a boudoir type lingerie outfit...She had lace black stockings and a garter belt on with black panties..and a matching black bra.
'Fuck'. I felt Sarah shifting next to me. We were both thinking the same thing. Lindsay looked incredible, her toned body highlighted by the contrast of the black lace lingerie. Her hair hung down to her shoulders and her eyes looked at the camera with desire.
"I'm ready for you baby."
The camera moved closer to Lindsay in the video, showing more beautiful detail to Lindsay's body and her lace outfit. Her eyes were looking up at Ben behind the camera. The frame shifted to show just her face and her cleavage. God she looked so hot, so ready to be fucked.
I squeezed Sarah and she returned the favor, moving her hand from petting my leg to grabbing my emerging bulge in my pants. I shifted my eyes over to Lindsay and Ben on the couch near us and could see that Lindsay was looking out of the corner of her eyes at us but noticed my own eyes on hers.
She refocused on the video screen. Ben had one of his arms on Lindsay's leg closest to him and was rubbing it while he stared at the screen in awe of what he knew was about to come next.
The camera panned down to Ben's waist. He was already mostly hard, his cock straining against the confines of his underwear. Lindsay's hands slowly latched onto his waistband. She looked up and smiled at the camera before pulling his underwear down, slowly revealing Ben's shaft. His dick sprung up from the waistband as it was tugged lower, it looked huge next to Lindsay's face.
"Fuck." Sarah muttered next to me. My heart was thumping now. Sarah's hand was gripping my cock through my pants now. Ben was one of my best friends, and now. I was seeing his cock, on camera, in his living room, with him.
In the video Lindsay reached a hand up and grabbed his cock with one hand and ran her tongue along one side of his cock until she was at the tip. She angled the cock straight at her and began taking the head of his cock in and out of her mouth.
Now this was one of the hottest things I had ever seen. The beautiful face I knew so well looked so different now as her lips opened wide to take Ben's big dick into her mouth. One of her hands was grazing along Ben's stomach while the other held the base of his dick firm, steadying him.
"God baby, I love the way you suck my cock." The video captured the wet noises of Lindsay's mouth as she sucked and moved her mouth up and down the end of Ben's dick while her eyes maintained contact with Ben's. I could see Ben's dick pulsing and his veins bulging out more on the screen, god she must have been sucking on him hard.
I heard my wife take a deep swallow. Her hand began rubbing up and down the length of my cock through my pants. My own breathing became shallow, I was losing myself in this video.
On screen Lindsay pulled Ben's throbbing member out of her mouth, "I want you to put that big dick inside my tight pussy baby."
I had never heard Lindsay say anything like that before, it was so..slutty. So sexy! The camera moved and the room swept across the frame rapidly before it steadied again, the camera was seemingly put on a desk or dresser facing a corner.
Only movement could be heard from outside the frame but then Ben and Lindsay appeared in full view, Ben was fully naked while Lindsay still had on her bra and garter belt plus stockings..but her panties were gone. God they were incredible to look at. We could see every part of their bodies.
Lindsay's toned stomach led down to a perfectly bare pussy. Ben's physique was something like an ancient greek sculpture, a visible six pack, strong arms and his cock was swinging out in front of him, coming to rest against Lindsay's body.
Ben turned Lindsay around for the benefit of the camera, to get a perfect view of her bubbly butt. It was so round, so firm looking. I had always known her butt looked good but now..Jesus Christ.
On camera Ben turned Lindsay to face the wall so she was angled 45 degrees to the camera, her eyes looking at the lens. She leaned against the wall while Ben got down on his knees behind her, his face behind her ass. Lindsay's face turned from a smile to a look of pleasure as Ben buried his mouth into her from behind.
What exactly was he doing?? Was he eating out her pussy, or her ass?? Whatever it was Lindsay was moaning on camera, her eyes closed but her mouth opened to let out the sounds of her pleasure.
Sarah's rubbing of my cock was not just light any more, she was stroking me through my pants. My hand was moving too, I shifted my hand under the shirt she had on and came across her stomach. I could feel the build up of heat within her.
I ran my hand up her shirt further with no fear to grab the bottom of her breast through the bra. I wanted more but my focus was still on the screen. I couldn't do two things at once. On camera Ben raised his head up and got up from his knees to a standing position. His hands went to Lindsay's back and undid her bra. She used her hands to pull it off of her.
I tensed up as the bra fell and her breasts came into view, they were amazing, they looked to be more than a handful. I had seen during our beach trip together how perky they must have been, but now I could see how truly perfect they were. Ben grabbed his cock and gripped Lindsay with the other hand. By the sounds of pleasure they both made he had penetrated her.
Fuck I was so turned on, I wanted to have my way with Sarah at that very moment, but we were still in a state of shock, not being able to look away, not wanting to look away as Ben began to ravage Lindsay on camera. The sounds of their bodies colliding together with each thrust in.
Lindsay was moaning from Ben's cock filling her up, from his hands moving to grab and play with her breasts. Ben looked ravenous on the screen, his muscles flexing with each thrust into Lindsay, his eyes looking down at the ass he was fucking. I could not believe we were seeing this.
The scene played out for I don't know how long. I just didn't want it to end, but after a while Ben's pace began to change.
"Babe you're going to make me cum!"
"Not yet. Finish with me!"
Ben pulled out of her and walked towards the camera, his dick bouncing up and down as he walked closer. Lindsay still leaning against the wall with one hand, the other..rubbing her clit.
'Holy fuck.' The camera became Ben's first person perspective again and he walked back behind Lindsay, the camera panning down to Ben's dick lining up behind Lindsay's beautiful ass.
'God damn I might cum too' I thought.
We saw Ben push his dick into Lindsay, inch after inch disappearing into her. I could hear the moaning from the tv. I looked out of the corner of my eye and saw Lindsay whispering something into Ben's ear, and then give it a playful bite.
My eyes were back on the screen as we were treated with the sight of Ben pumping away into Lindsay's ass, his dick visibly wet on each stroke out, the slap of their bodies setting a steady pace. The camera panned up Lindsay's back and she turned to face the camera. She looked desperate, her eyes filled with want. "Give me the camera baby!"
The camera jostled for a bit as it changed hands, before ending up on the ground, pointed up at the two. We could see all of Lindsay's body from her chest down to her legs and behind her we could see Ben's legs all the way up to his balls that were beginning to slap into Lindsay again with his pounding.
Lindsay reached one hand back down to play with her clit. Her moaning started to get louder. My hand that had been on my wife's breast was reaching down again, going down her stomach to the edge of her pants. I felt for a gap and was met with no protest as I inched my finger's deeper into Sarah's panties.
Yet again I found it impossible to lose focus of the display of lust in front of us. Lindsay's moaning had been growing and Ben's thrusting had kept a steady pace. All of a sudden Lindsay's legs began shaking and her hand on her clit let go to grasp her leg, the other hand reaching up to her breast.
She began to collapse in on herself as Ben's pace began to quicken. Without warning the tv began to blare the sounds of their orgasms as they screamed and moaned together. Ben was cumming inside of Lindsay and we were getting to see it.
We were seeing our best friends cum together. Lindsay was still quaking as Ben began to slow down his pace. She let out a deep moan as she dropped to her knees off his dick, bringing her face into view of the camera. She looked satisfied and tired, but a devilish smile flashed across her face. Her body was glowing, her breasts so perky.
She reached for and grabbed the camera. Turning to Ben who looked exhausted himself, the camera panned down to his still mostly erect cock. Lindsay must have stretched her arm out in a selfie pose because we next saw her face come back into view with Ben's cock.
She grabbed and then began to suck on his cock once again, draining every last drop of cum from him.
"Oh fuck Lindsay!"
She pulled her mouth off his cock after taking him inside of her for half a minute to smile at the camera again but then opened her mouth to stick a cum covered tongue out. She closed her mouth and swallowed.
"And that is a wrap my love." She blew an air kiss at the camera and the video went to black.
I pulled my hand back from under Sarah's pants and back around from behind her to my own thigh. She had pulled back her hand from rubbing my cock through my pants to her lap. I tried breathing through my nose to calm down but settled for more wine.
I heard Ben get up and he flicked the light on, illuminating everything once again. Lindsay sat cross legged, looking confident and almost relieved. Ben was walking to the tv and glanced over at Lindsay who was now looking at the two of us, I couldn't tell what the hell was next after what we just watched and who we had watched it with. I turned to look at Sarah.
She was looking back at Lindsay intensely, I could safely say that whatever fire that had been lit within me was also lit within Sarah. Part of me wanted to crack a joke, but that was not the place for this.
Ben and Lindsay had shared with us their most intimate moment, even if they didn't look vulnerable, they must have been deep down on the inside, I blurted out, "That was one of the sexiest things I have ever seen in my life."
Ben and Lindsay smiled but didn't say anything initially until Lindsay sat up right, "What was your favorite part?"
Her question was like taking another step on a tightrope. The wrong word or the wrong feeling would send us falling and into a panic. Sarah and I were both excited by this new world we had suddenly entered into but hadn't the damndest clue as to how to take the next step.
Sarah spoke up, "Well first off, Lindsay, you have an amazing body. And Ben, I can say this as your good friend." I almost sensed her choking on her next words, "You have a big and beautiful dick."
"Thank you Sarah." Lindsay said with a shy smile. Ben smiled too, a feeling of pride took over his body. Lindsay looked at me now, "What about you Dave, what was your favorite part?"
I didn't even have to think but hesitated what such a quick answer might imply, "Umm, well..." my voice trembled, "your ass." I can't believe I just said that. I had just said I liked my friend's wife's ass in front of him. I almost stammered through the next part, "and how you sucked Ben's dick."
I said that! I really said that. In any other context, that would have ended any relation with any other friend at any other time in life. I was so embarrassed at what I had just said, but it was the truth, how could I lie??
Ben chimed in, "I cannot begin to tell you how amazing Lindsay is at, erhmm, sucking my dick. Babe, you are incredible. I can't believe I just said that out loud. And I'm not even drunk!"
We all laughed, helping to break the tension some. I searched for some words to say next because there was no play book on how to transition from watching a friend's sex tape with them, to discussing when the next game night would be.
"I am so fucking turned on right now. Sarah," I turned to face my wife, "You and I are not going to bed once we get home my dear."
Sarah was now fully focused in on me, my words had grabbed her from her lusting trance. Her left hand was on my left knee cap, her right hand moved up my left leg to my crotch, she jokingly growled.
Lindsay spoke up, "You said that you two also made home movies?"
Sarah turned to Lindsay, "We have quite a few..and I feel like it's only polite of us if we have you over to watch one of ours. Dave? Do you agree?"
I was shocked by Sarah's invitation to our friends, but my shock levels had been blown through the roof already with this night's events, I managed to run with Sarah's proposal.
"100 percent. You showed us yours, we should show you ours."
Ben and Lindsay were excited, I wished that we had a copy..
"Wait, Sarah, do you remember how I accidentally shared that one video to the cloud and you have been telling me to delete it?"
"Hahha, oh that one? Mhhmm, that is a good one. Wait, you want to share it right now???"
"Well, in the spirit of having just watched our best friends sex tape with them, why not show it now?"
Sarah smirked at me, but then warmed up more, I could tell she wanted to show off. She pulled out her phone and typed away.
"Ben, check your inbox, and please please delete this after we are done?! Ok?"
Ben got up and opened his laptop again. He clicked around for a few seconds. His face betrayed a look of giddy anticipation. "I think I got it."
A media player opened on the screen, Ben hit full screen and cast the video to the tv. He sped off to hit the lights and assume his spot next to Lindsay again.
I knew what was coming but had no problem watching it play out all over again. The video began in our bedroom, the shower could be heard and the camera headed for it. The sound of the water grew louder as the camera came into the bathroom, coming to focus on my wife behind the glass door. She looked so sexy on camera, I squeezed her close to me.
My arm came into the frame as I opened the shower door, revealing Sarah in all of her naked glory. Soap suds ran down her breasts, down her beautiful stomach and then down her luscious legs. I was so damn lucky. I could hear Ben or Lindsay swallow from across the couch.
"Hey babyyyy. Want to have some fun?"
Sarah's wet hair was pulled back from her face, she smiled at the camera, "Get on in here tiger." I remembered I had attached one of the shapeable tripods to that camera, allowing me to attach it to the towel rack. I was so impressed with my own forethought.
'Way to go past Dave!' I congratulated myself. The camera steadied on the view of Sarah in the shower. I saw myself come into view, I thought my back looked good but still thought my ass was just ok, but my hands, so awkward.
I cringed a bit. I felt bad ruining the frame that Sarah had made look so good with me being in it now. In the video I turned to face the camera, showing off my long swelling dick. I looked over and saw that Lindsay was gawking at the screen, I smiled to myself.
In the shower Sarah and I started to feel each other up, I rubbed all over her body, squeezing her ass, feeling her breasts. I turned her around so her ass was pressed against my dick. My hands were rubbing all over her wet body, the shower still running.
I knew that I was beginning to rub Sarah's clit in the video. She started to arch back into me, her moaning made louder by the shower tiling. I remembered how good it felt under that hot water, feeling all of my sexy wife against me. Sarah leaned forward in the video and I backed away from her. I saw my dick line up behind her.
I looked back over at Lindsay who was still staring, Ben seemed to be biting his lip as he got to see Sarah's ass start taking my cock into her.
"Oh baby, give me that big dick of yours."
Sarah looked magnificent as I saw myself plunge into her, my hands glided over her wet body, around to the front to squeeze her breasts, to play with her nipples. The water magnified the sounds of our bodies slapping against each other as I began to pump Sarah with my dick.
The frame caught every sight and sound of our nasty delight, but only Sarah and I could remember how it felt, how hot our bodies were, how wet our skin was, the smell of the lavender shampoo still wafting in the air.
God, I could go for a repeat of this. Sarah's moaning picked up as the sounds of my thrusting increased. Her ass cheeks rippled with each thrust into her.
"Baby finish me on the bed."
I pulled out of Sarah and we embraced to kiss once again. The water turned off and Sarah walked to the camera, she smiled into the lens and winked.
"Dry off at least a little bit, I don't want to get the sheets drenched."
"Ok, let me get the camera first."
The screen began to move as I relocated the camera and took it into the bedroom. The frame was steadied onto our nightstand and I could hear the sound of towels rubbing across our bodies as we dried off. I came into view as I jumped on the bed. I was stroking myself, getting fully hard again for Sarah.
Sarah's ass was next to appear in the frame as she stepped onto the bed, crawling to rest on top of me. I could see her raise her hand to her mouth to get some spit to lube up my cock for her. Her hand stroked me and I could hear my moaning.
I felt the Sarah next to me kiss me on the cheek and whisper in my ear, "Should we recreate that tonight?" I think my groan passed as a 'yes' to her question.
In the video Sarah lifted up and positioned me at her opening. Her breasts stole the show though in my opinion. We both moaned as she lowered down on to me, taking every inch in again.
She began to ride me, her breasts bouncing around as she lifted up and down on my cock. I saw one of my hands grabbing her ass now while the other went about rubbing her clit. Sarah rode me for several minutes, our noises growing with the time.
"Just like that baby!"
After more than five years together I was skilled at making Sarah cum with my fingers, the same technique always got her and I knew what was coming next.
Sarah began to shake on screen, her upper body fell onto my chest as her orgasm took over.
"Aghhhhhh!! Baby!! Baby!! Ahh ah ah!!"
I saw my hips pick up her slack, thrusting into her from below. I always loved when she doubled over from cumming and fell against me. Her breasts would press against me and she would scream into my chest. God I needed her again as soon as we got home.
Sarah laid on top of me for a minute as she recovered, all the while my hips kept pumping into her. She finally lifted herself up and turned around on top of me, never letting me out of her. Her ass was facing the camera now as she faced my feet. Her ass began to rise up and down my dick for the audience.
The one thing that Ben and Lindsay couldn't see was Sarah using her hands to play with my balls and rub my prostate.
"Oh God Sarah! I'm so close!" I yelled from the video.
I saw myself slap and grab Sarah's wide ass as it ravaged my cock. My moaning poured through the tv's speakers, it got louder as I was about to cum. The camera picked up the sound of Sarah's wet pussy slamming down onto my cock.
I was completely hard now. I was hoping I wouldn't have to get up off the couch once the video finished for fear of hiding my erection which seemed odd considering its open display on the tv screen.
"Oh fuck Sarah! Fuckkkk! Ughh!!"
Sarah's ass kept slamming against me despite the orgasm that took hold of me in the video, until she raised up too high and slid off my cock. The camera captured me spraying my cum up and all over Sarah and I's bodies.
Sarah was quick and reached her hand between her legs to grab me again and take me back inside of her so she could continue with fucking the life out of me.
"Oh God Sarah! You gotta stop! Holy fuckkk!"
Sarah could be heard laughing on the camera, her ass kept pumping my dick despite my pleading. I envied my video self, who was blowing his load inside of Sarah, but I was excited.
What was going through Ben and Lindsay's heads? I looked over and saw that they were still enraptured by the video, Lindsay was rubbing Ben's leg. Fuck, had she been rubbing his cock too?
In the video Sarah finally pulled off my dick and crawled to the camera, her breasts swaying beneath her, her satisfied face took the full frame.
"Let's see the damage shall we?" Sarah panned the camera to me almost passed out on the bed, my hair still wet from the shower sex. My legs were splayed out and my cock rested across my thigh.
Small pools of cum were all over my groin and my stomach, one spot had reached my chest. I saw myself smile for the camera and hold a thumbs up. We both laughed for the camera and the screen went dark.
"Wow." I heard Ben across from us as he got up and flicked on the lights. He looked dazed and from how he walked, was hiding an erection. I saw Lindsay was taking a long drink of her wine, she looked red in the cheeks, her eyes were big.
I turned to look at Sarah who was grinning from ear to ear, impressed by her own performance. We gave each other a peck on the lips and I turned back to Ben and Lindsay.
"So. What was your favorite part?"
Ben reached down to grab his glass of wine, swirled it and then looked up, "I...I...Sarah's tits." He drank the whole glass.
Lindsay looked up at Ben, then directly at me, "You barely touched her and you made her cum? Wh...I don't know. I mean, obviously for me...seeing Dave covered in cum just looking so happy..."
"To give you context Sarah and Dave, Lindsay loves cum, that is just one of the many reasons I love her."
Lindsay blushed. I smiled at the thought of Lindsay eagerly swallowing cum, maybe in some fantasy world it would one day be mine, "I still think that's not our best video! Just the one we had on hand...Just saying.."
"That wasn't your best one?" Ben's question came off more serious than joking.
"Oh, are you talking about the one we made in the sauna?" Sarah asked in an evil manner.
"Mhm hmmmmmm, that one."
"Fuck, I just got a residual orgasm from that time..." Sarah's legs were squirming next to mine. Her hand grabbed my cock again through my pants.
I could tell that Lindsay noticed, her eyes had been looking down at me but then flashed up to meet my eyes before darting off to Ben.
A silence took over the room as each of us played around with the images of what we had just seen and what might possibly come next.
Ben opened his mouth to get out a thought, "I don't know if I can even think about a boat right now after...that. That! Was incredible. Dave and Sarah, you two...you are so sexy. I feel really weird saying that!"
Sarah and I just smiled, I felt amazing, it felt great to share ourselves with Ben and Lindsay.
"Despite the initial shock of tonight. I had a lot of fun." I said.
"Can we do this again?" Lindsay asked, I could sense the excitement in her voice.
Sarah answered her, "Maybe we can show you the sauna video next?"
"Next Friday?" I asked.
"Yes" Ben and Lindsay replied at the same time.
Sarah and I said our goodbyes and headed home, we were in a rush to get home and have each other. We had just gotten past the front door when Sarah got down on her knees in the foyer and yanked my pants down. She took me into her mouth, rushing to start sucking my dick. I wasn't even out of my shoes yet.
I hardened in her mouth as she sucked on my head and stroked my cock. I groaned for her. Much as I loved Sarah sucking my dick I just had to have more of her. I pulled her up and had her lean against the wall next to the coat rack, we both worked to get her pants down, we didn't even bother with our shirts, we just needed each other so badly.
I grabbed her hips while she reached behind her to guide my dick up to her already wet pussy. I didn't try to ease into her, I just thrusted right in. Her pussy was ready for me, wrapping my cock in her warmth.
Sarah moaned for me as I went to work right away thrusting in and out of her. I moved one hand around her front to rub her clit as my cock pumped away into her pussy. We were both moaning now.
"Oh fuck babe! God I need you harder!"
I picked up the speed of my rubbing and my thrusting. I lifted one foot up on the shoe bench near the door to gain more leverage. My hard cock was slamming into her now, our bodies smacking with each thrust in. I squeezed her large breasts through her cotton shirt, feeling the padding of her bra.
"Just...a bit...AHHH! AHHH!! OH Fuck Dave fuck!!" Sarah's pussy tightened around my cock as she began to cum. Everything that had happened tonight came to a boil. I felt a wave of pressure rise up within me, my body tensed and I came.
"AGhhhhH!! Sarah!"
My cock exploded cum into Sarah as I continued to thrust in and out of her pussy, growing wetter with Sarah's orgasm and my cum. We had only been fucking for a few minutes!
Our evening with Ben and Lindsay was the ultimate foreplay and we just needed a final nudge to reach our climax. My hips started to slow as my dick pumped out the last of my cum into Sarah. We were both breathing heavily. Sarah looked back at me satisfied.
"That didn't take any time at all!" We both laughed at the absurdity of our foyer quickie.
I held myself inside of Sarah, not wanting to pull away to get cleaned up and go to bed.
"I think we have Ben and Lindsay to thank for that."
Sarah leaned back to me and we kissed before I pulled out of her, she rushed off to the bathroom trying not to let my cum leak out of her and onto the hallway floor. I headed for our bedroom to change clothes and get ready for bed letting out a loud sigh of relief from the much needed sexual release.
Sarah and I had finally gotten into bed and turned off the lights when we got to talk about what had happened.
I turned to Sarah in bed, "I still can't believe we watched each other's sex tapes."
"I hope things don't get weird with them. I thought it was fun! Who knew!"
"I know, it's like, I never knew I wanted to do that..until it happened."
"I was thinking the same thing!"
"But how does that affect us? I mean, were you ok with what we did tonight?"
"I wasn't at first, and Ben and Lindsay are such good friends, but like you said, I started to like it once it was actually happening. Were you ok with it? I don't want you to be doing anything that you don't want to do either."
"Definitely ok, I think if we weren't as close with them to begin with, none of this would have happened. I feel like the best word I can use to describe how I feel right now is "excited"?"
"Dave, me too. I didn't know how hot it would be to see them watch us! I have always been nervous of someone else seeing me naked, but this was totally different."
"So what, does this make us swingers?" We laughed a bit but were genuinely curious.
"Well it's not like we're fucking them."
"Yeah. Now I won't judge you at all, because I love you but I have to ask, and I don't want it to come across as accusing, just curious...would you be interested in fucking them? God that is such an awkward question."
"I love you too, so much!" Sarah paused for a bit, thinking, "Hmmm, I mean, I don't see it even happening, but in a hypothetical situation, where there's no judgement and if we were in total agreement that it wasn't cheating and basically the same thing as playing a board game with them...yeah. I think yes. Does that make you uncomfortable? You know that I want to be yours forever baby. Hypothetically this would only work in a purely physical space."
"I think if you said that to me yesterday I would have been uncomfortable...but after tonight, the thought of it. It turns me on."
"So you would want to have sex with Lindsay?"
"In a hypothetical world...only if you didn't become uncomfortable, and this brought us to a new level in our relationship...then...yes."
"Mhhmmmm, I feel like a bad girl now, because that..really turns me on..."
"Oh does it?"
"Mhmm hmmm!"
Sarah and I moved closer to each other to kiss. We made love again that night and went to sleep already hoping for Friday to come around.