She wore a turmeric coloured turban, with a red and brown open jacket, but, without anything underneath it. It covered the important bits of her magnifique, but exposed enough to be too bold. It was like those open jackets that the Rajasthani men wore. The same on a woman would have been outrageous, as Arshya observed. He was lying on his mattress in his house when the girl appeared in his window. She was too fair for a Rajasthani girl, in fact, Arshya thought she had light pink skin. She was fair, but not so much that she was pale. She smiled at him through the window. Raising her eyebrows once, she asked, "You up?"
Arshya sat up, and studied her face intently. She had a maroon teardrop shaped bindi, and on her chin were five dots of mascara arranged like a trapezoid with one in the middle. That uniqueness already had Arshya intrigued. He got up and went to the window. She smiled at him again. Arshya found himself flushed red.
"Your name, what is it?" He asked.
"Madhuri. You?"
The way she said, she sounded like a royal to Arshya. He was always called Arshya by his family, but at that moment he felt that was too lowly.
"Arshitrao."
"Hehe. Nice name. I was just passing by your house and saw you awake. So I thought why not have a chat."
"Where are you going?"
"Home. I'm not from around here so I can't navigate around easily."
"Do your parents let you out at this time?"
"I don't have to worry about that. Do yours?"
"Oh yes they do. I asked because they don't let my sisters who are elder to me out."
"Huh. Don't worry that's common. Wanna get out?"
"Well, I mean, since I can, but my family will hear me getting out. They definitely won't let me go out at midnight to talk to a girl."
"Ha. That's very specific. But don't worry about your parents. I'll just pull you out through the window."
"What? I don't fit through-"
Arshya didn't have time to complete when Madhuri grabbed his hands and pulled him through his window. He was stunned for a moment, and as he looked around, he was outside, in one piece.
"Baapre baapre baapre, how did you do that?" Arshya was still in shock, because he had just passed through his window like it was nothing.
"Come on, na. Doesn't matter. Where do you like to hang out? I thought that we should hang out for sometime before I leave."
Arshya never gave up a chance to go to his favourite place, the hill. Arshya had once scaled it alone, and the best he got was a scolding for endangering himself. But he liked it. He would do it again.
"There's a hill nearby. Let's go there, the view is amazing from there."
"Alright. Let's go!" Madhuri chirped.
Arshya liked her enthusiasm. Almost everyone who knew Arshya liked to go up the hill only told him to stay away from it. But Madhuri here, she was encouraging him. Her enthusiasm and admiration for his likings made him feel something different.
Nevertheless, they climbed up the hill. It was a short trek, during which Arshya noticed Madhuri wore a dhoti and mojaris for footwear. Arshya compared her regal shoes to his nonexistent ones. Through the trek, they chatted like old friends catching up after a long time. They finally reached the peak, and Arshya showed the area around.
"Are you sure you're not uncomfortable in that?" Arshya asked.
"Not at all. That's nice of you to ask."
"But umm, do, you, your..."
Madhuri nodded once quickly and listened intently. That just made Arshya more self conscious.
"You know, open... jacket..."
Madhuri thought for a moment and replied, "Oh yeah. I get it, you haven't seen a girl this open, right?"
Arshya shuddered and managed a quick nod.
"Too much skin..."
"Oh. Don't worry. I'll show you."
"Oh, nonononono I didn't mean it that way!" Arshya looked away, blushing.
Seeing his reaction, Madhuri giggled.
"Hey hey, it's ok if you wanna see them. I don't mind. In fact, I like to show off. I thought you got that idea already."
"No. Yes. I mean, ummmm, my parents say it's bad to stare like that. It's immoral."
"Hmph. That's what your parents say. What do you say?" Madhuri said sternly.
Arshya thought it over. Even though he could hide the entire drama, he still hesitated.
"Look, I'm fine with both ways. It's what you wanna do. If you'll listen to your parents all the time, when will you listen to yourself?"
Something about that stuck with Arshya. She did have a point after all. He was the youngest in his family and was bossed around by everyone. His life was dictated largely by others' choices. When would he make his own?
He gulped once, and looked towards Madhuri.
"Yes. I would like to see them. Thank you."
Madhuri smiled back. "Hehe. You're welcome."
She pulled her jacket cleanly off and Arshya just looked at her intently. Two cute breasts hung in front of his eyes, and he couldn't get his eyes off them.
Almost instinctively, he also removed his upperwear. His slender body gleamed with sweat.
Madhuri's smile disappeared as she looked at Arshya's chest and back at his laser focussed eyes.
She tried to suppress a giggle.
Arshya moved towards her.
He was entranced by her tits, but still demonstrated restraint.
"Can I, touch them?"
"Yes sure."
Arshya touched his finger on her nipple and retracted immediately.
This amused Madhuri, seeing his innocence.
Arshya then slowly touched her entire breast. It was so soft to the touch, and Arshya felt ecstatic. He enjoyed the touch, and as Madhuri let him, he thought that she must be enjoying it too. Then he used his other hand as well. He touched her breasts freely. He liked them.
"Can I, I don't know why, but, I wanna kiss them."
"Ohho....." Madhuri said with a smug expression and Arshya blushed.
"You're quite the romantic, Arshitrao. I've always wanted to be kissed by a boy, and you wanna kiss me there too... Ohh, go ahead."
Arshya felt a little energetic and bent down. He brought himself face to face with her left breast and kissed it on the nipple.
Madhuri began to moan slowly, but Arshya thought she was getting hurt and stopped immediately.
"Hey, why did you stop?" Madhuri said, a little annoyed.
"Oh, sorry for that. I'm very sorry. I didn't know it hurt."
"It doesn't hurt, Dumbo."
"Huh? But you were moaning, I thought I was hurting you."
Madhuri slapped her head and laughed.
"Oh, my Arshitrao, you are so innocent 😇. I wasn't moaning out of pain. I liked it. That's why I was moaning."
"Huh? Because you liked it?"
"Oh I can understand how you're so confused. Don't sweat it. You'll learn."
"Ok. But tell me if I'm hurting you."
"Aww, obviously I will. Come here now."
And Arshya resumed his kissing. He kissed her right nipple, and then began to suck on it, trusting Madhuri to tell him if he was too rough.
Instead Madhuri just moaned more. She held Arshya's head closely, caressing his cheek and neck. Arshya wrapped his hands around Madhuri's stomach, and ran his finger along her back.
Suddenly he lifted her up. Catching her by surprise, she yelped and held on tightly. But Arshya did not stop sucking. He continued, enticing more moans from Madhuri. His hands could not stop exploring her skin. He felt an urge to move his hands towards her butt but was afraid she wouldn't like it.
He then decided to do it. She would tell him if she didn't like it.
He slowly moved his hand down, towards her hips, so that she could feel where he was headed. Feeling no resistance, he put his hand on her butt.
"Aaah!!!" Madhuri screamed. Arshya stopped and put her down.
"Are you ok?" He asked fervently.
"I don't know... I...umm, when you touched my butt... I... felt good and bad both. I... Can you just give me a moment?"
Arshya turned away with no second doubts. He felt ashamed that he hurt her. With his head hanging down, it was now that he noticed his dhoti was feeling quite tight. Almost painful. He felt like taking it off, but that would render him naked in front of her.
But the pain was there. The tightness was weird. Arshya finally thought "Well she's already shown me something. I should return the favour." That thought made him strip instantly. He took his dhoti off and dropped it down.
Then he noticed the cause of the tightness.
His penis was standing up. Like a small lathi. He moved and it danced. That was interesting. He danced and the penis danced more. He was giggling at his own rigid penis.
Madhuri noticed his nakedness and was already amused. But seeing him dance and giggle got her interested. She asked him what it was, and he turned around with a smile brandishing his newly found weapon.
"It dances. Hahahaha!"
She watched his penis dance and started laughing too.
They didn't understand what it was doing but it was funny as heck.
After sometime, tired of laughing,
Madhuri said, "Can I see it?"
And Arshya agreed wholeheartedly. But when she touched it to examine it, he felt weird. It was, wonderful.
"Aaah..." He moaned too.
Madhuri shot up in surprise.
"Did... Did you like that?"
"Yes. Yes. Please do it again."
Madhuri got to work quickly. She touched it and it continued to feel good. Arshya felt like some tension was building inside him. He felt he would explode. So he asked Madhuri to wait.
She stopped instantly.
Arshya took this moment to talk about what he did.
"That.... That I did... Are you ok?"
Madhuri blushed.
"I... hehe... liked it. It was just so surprising that I was afraid. I like your touch."
Arshya nodded slowly.
"Oooookk...... should I do it-"
"Yes." Madhuri looked away as she said that.
"And, I want you to use both hands."
Arshya nodded and came near her. Then she said,
"You know what? Lemme get naked like you too. I wanna show you what I have too." She said and stood up. She loosened her dhoti and dropped it, quite shyly.
Still, she was sure she wanted to do this.
Arshya looked between her legs. She blushed as he came closer.
He touched between her legs.
A moan came from her. He was fascinated by what this was.
But she had told him to touch her butt. So he decided to do that first. After all it wasn't like he didn't want to. He touched the back of her thighs to tell her what he's doing now. She adjusted her footing, and nodded yes. Arshya was still sitting in front of her legs, and grabbed both her buttocks.
Madhuri moaned loudly. Arshya thought he did too. Just like her breasts they were very soft.
But he wanted to focus on something else.
He touched her princess parts again and rubbed it. Madhuri let out a series of moans, each a higher pitch than the first.
This amused Arshya. He rubbed it more and more. Madhuri's legs were shaking and she had to lean on Arshya to keep herself upright.
She finally told him to stop. Honestly, at that point, Arshya didn't want to stop. He looked up at Madhuri.
"I... I don't know what I'm feeling. Just give me a second."
Arshya smiled. Just a moment later, he says,
"Second's over."
He began rubbing it again. Madhuri tried to dissuade him but he was not listening. He continued as Madhuri told him to stop, tried to stop him, and then decided to just brace for whatever he was throwing at her.
Lots of rubbing later, something happened. Madhuri moaned and screamed, her whole body shaking. She then let out one more scream, and passed out. Arshya caught her in time.
She was unconscious like that for a few moments. Arshya could feel his heart pounding inside his chest, scared of what he'd do.
Did Madhuri die? Or is she asleep?
Arshya held himself responsible for whatever he'd do to Madhuri.
He knew he always messed things up like this. He was always clumsy and he will always be clumsy. There was no escaping how troublesome he is for everyone. He was always a good for nothing boy.
Arshya was about to get up and leave Madhuri when she woke up.
"Hey."
Arshya was quick to respond. He felt as if a huge rock was lifted off his soul.
"Are you ok?"
"I've never felt better. I loved that. How'd you do it?" She asked, pulling herself up.
"I just rubbed it. I don't know why, but it felt instinctual."
"That felt so good. Now your turn. You need to feel as good as I did." She said assertively.
Arshya was taken back, but Madhuri comforted him. She sat him down and sat next to him. He was scared for sometime.
But she held his penis. He let out a small moan. She giggled at his reaction, and began to rub his member. Arshya breathed heavily. She was right. It did feel good. He let go of any restraint he held on himself, and just enjoyed. She worked magic on his shaft. He was shivering all over. He liked it.
But he felt weak. Tension was building inside him. He didn't know what it did and quickly told Madhuri to stop. Madhuri stopped, surprised at Arshya's request.
He didn't want to tell her that he felt weak while doing it. He wished she won't ask what happened.
But she asked anyway. Unable to come up with a good answer, Arshya quickly spurted,
"Since it feels good when you rub it, and I do too, why not both rub our parts together. I bet it'll feel good for both of us."
Madhuri liked the idea.
"That sounds amazing. I liked it a lot. You'll like it too. Just let it happen."
Arshya nodded, realising he didn't escape the weak feeling, only delayed it.
But there was no escape. He resigned to it and watched as Madhuri got into place.
He suddenly felt like doing something good. If he was gonna feel weak anyways, better be strong about it. He walked up to the beaming Madhuri.
She looked at him, after which he grabbed her and pulled her down to the ground with himself. Caught off surprise, she tried to resist but he already overpowered her. He laid her on the grass, and climbed on top. She looked at him with a little fright, but also excitement, and arousal. He was intoxicated by how powerful he felt doing that. He lined himself up with her and rubbed their parts together. His eyes fluttered out in ecstasy as she breathed heavily and submitted to pleasure too. After that Arshya just focused on the pleasure. It was too good. Madhuri held onto him tightly. She moaned as he continued to pleasure her too.
The tension was building again. Arshya was not afraid this time. He let the tension rise.
Rise beyond its breaking point.
And then Arshya felt a powerful shiver. His body was throbbing. His vision blurred. He could not hear as his ecstasy reached its peak. In all this, he heard someone say, "I love you, Arshitrao." As he collapsed on said person. Arshya could see no more. There was a bright light everywhere.
And then he breathed in as his vision came back to him. He was not lying on the girl of his dreams now. He was lying on his mattress, looking out the window.
"Madhuri..."
"Get up you idiot 😤. We have guests over today and you're dozing off like a king! Get up and bring water from the well!"
Arshya's mom thundered at him. He was used to it.
He fetched the water alone.
He cleaned the garden alone.
He took a bath in the pond alone.
He liked to be alone. But it bought out his loneliness too.
As he came back from the bath, there was a Marwari family in the verandah. He walked a little closer and met all the members, with their big beards and decorative jewellery. The women were sitting while the men stood tall.
In between the men stood one girl too.
She wore a red and colourful jacket with a shirt that matched her skin colour. She wore a dhoti too and Mojaris. On her head was a pagdi.
But she was not fair and she did not have five dots on her chin.
Arshya found himself wondering about those imperfections way too long when he saw her.
She's not perfect. Not at all. How the hell am I supposed to love this girl?
She smiled at him.
Arshya's family talked to her family for quite a long time.
It was times like these when Arshya liked to retire to the attic, making clay dolls.
"What are you making?"
The sound had almost stunned Arshya.
The girl stood there on the stairway watching him make something.
"Oh Madhuri." Arshya said.
"Who's Madhuri?" The girl asked.
Arshya was surprised. He looked back at what he was doing.
So there never was a Madhuri.
"No one."
"Huh. Ok."
"Come here I'm making an elephant. By the way, my name is Arshya."