"Special invitation for patrons and friends only:
Come meet Petra and all the new models at her shop, as they're revealed in erotic photographs and sexy lingerie. This is a fancy dress occasion, complete with your mask. Champagne and hors d'ouevres will be served. Saturday, May 31 at 8:00 PM.
You must present this invitation at the door to be admitted to our private party."
A beautiful blonde woman is boarding a train to travel to an art gallery party in another city. She's full of anticipation because her nude photos have never been on public display before.
Closer to home, two adult students are at a hair salon, pampering themselves. They want to look their best when they arrive at the same party, because it will be their gallery debut too.
A young woman and her boyfriend are so eager about the party that they feel breathless. The couple have been photographed together and will appear naked to others for the first time.
No-one is more excited about the gala than the owner of the shop, Petra Stanwick. Her four young proteges- sensual beauties she has coaxed into erotica- will be mingling with her customers.
Tomorrow night promises to be a special event. And to add even more spice to the evening, the owner and her models will be clad in the lingerie now available in Petra's Erotic Photo Gallery.
Everyone who appears in the prints for sale will be there. That is Petra, her best BFF Emmeline, student models Gabriella and Christina, and friends-with-benefits Chloe and boyfriend Mitch.
Toss in Petra's former professors William and Ronald; and add hungry cougars Lezlee and Desiree. Mix everyone together with lots of champagne and expect the gallery party to be a wild affair.
But at least one dark cloud looms over the evening. Petra's former boyfriend Darren, the chauffer whom she knew intimately before spurning him a few months ago, knows about the event.
He's not on the guest list, but is determined to show up anyway.
****
Two men about forty years old wear fine suits as they browse the photos in the gallery. The party hasn't begun yet, but this pair of special friends, the investors behind Petra's growing business, require no invitation. She has lined up the models to preen and pose, but her former professors William Edwards and Ronald Dennison have put up the money to make her dreams come true.
"What do you think, Old Boy?"
Ronald often addresses his long-time friend this way because he's a couple of years younger than William. Both are single and always hungry for women. Beneath the fancy clothes and polished manners, they are really two wolves on the prowl, ready for action.
"About the photos? Excellent shots, but of course I took them. Great little hobby I got into a half dozen years ago."
"Yes, but I meant about investing in Petra's business. Will we do well on it?"
"Ronald, we certainly will. So much better than with that bloody crook, Rodman. He took me both of us for a pile of money over the years. The slammer is the right place for that slippery bastard."
"You're right about him and our new investment. Petra has lined up some gorgeous talent here. I think half these new prints will be sold tonight."
The two profs had 'sampled' most of the models themselves during their photo sittings- except for the latest addition, Chloe Grey. And they'd try her too, if she could be pried loose from ever-present boyfriend, Mitch. There had even been private photos and video with the others. But none of that would ever be shown in the gallery because it could cost them cushy careers at the college.
Professor Edwards stops in front of a familiar framed black-and-white photo.
"That shot of Petra will always be my favourite, the star of the show. Goes back to the very first photo session we did. You suggested fashion images of a model instead of architectural shots to liven up my dull History of Design 201 lectures. She surprised us by agreeing to pose,"
"I know she has sold plenty of that print. Something about those beautiful tits and that distinctive Art Nouveau jewelry that customers like...."
"And that beguiling look I think, with just enough face showing to suggest a wicked invitation for sex."
"Jeez, that's Petra alright!" Dennison exclaims. "She blew me for the first time later that evening. That girl has unforgettable lips, not to mention a fine pussy."
"Best fuck we'll ever have, my friend!"
"Hmm...." Dennison grins at the thought but he isn't quite so sure because there are others to compare.
They continue circulating through the gallery, killing time before erotic arts connoisseurs arrive for the big party Petra has planned. They notice many framed photos new to the shop.
"I'm glad that her friend Emmeline finally agreed to sell her prints in here," Edwards comments. "It took some competition from the new girls before she'd agree. That shot goes back maybe three years now, but it's in here for the first time."
"Good thing too," Ronald enthuses. "Emma is my favourite! Look at that body, and that blonde hair falling over her eyes. She looks like a naked Marilyn Monroe stretched out that way. I can't get enough of her pussy, and I'll be looking for some more tonight!"
"She was posing as Marilyn there. You were James Dean. Remember, Ronald?"
"My cock can never forget it, Old Boy! Petra will sell quite a few of that print, I'm sure."
They round a corner to another section of the gallery and come to a large, framed image, a close-up of two young women passionately kissing. Their eyes are closed, and their painted lips are open enough to reveal flicking tongues tasting the other. Fingers alongside one face and some shadow across the other hides their identities, but it is evident that they're posing as ardent lovers. The sexuality of the print stirs Ronald's easily stimulated groin.
"I haven't seen that one before, William. It's not Petra with Emma, though you shot some of those. Who are those babes anyway? It's hard to tell the way they're posing."
"Gabriella and Christina, you know, the two students who took over as my models after Petra graduated. The blonde one is a bit shy, so I doubt you'll be getting into her pants, but Gabby will want to give you a good ride like you had last time. Maybe you can steer her upstairs for a roll later tonight?"
"Say no more. She turns my crank. Tell me more about this shot."
"Just a phone picture. The lens in my Samson is fantastic! Then I used the crop and enhancement features built right into it. Anyone can shoot stuff this good now."
"No, I mean the session. Like, were they nude in bed, or what? Are they lez?"
"You have a dirty mind, my friend. They're best friends and as I recall they were still fully clothed from the neck down in this one. After a few glasses of their favourite wine, I convinced them to play around pretending they were more than friends. I promised that they wouldn't be recognized, and they surprised me with this shot."
"Well, I like it- even though they weren't naked."
Close by, there are some individual photos of the two new models that show a lot more skin, enough to make Ronald smile broadly.
"Oh yeah. I'll be watching for that Gabriella tonight- if Emma leaves me with any spunk to give!"
"You are utterly incorrigible, Ronald.... That's what I like about you!"
They laugh and move on to another group of images. One of them screams for attention.
"Now that is a fuck photo if I ever saw one! I suppose it's the new couple, right?" Dennison comments.
"Right, Chloe and Mitch. You were out in the kitchen refilling our glasses when I got that one. They were really going at it!"
"No question of that. I mean, look how he's on his knees with her ass up in the air. Hands tight on her hips and his back arched forward. Easy to tell what's going on there! And I can see her tits out to the side, so he must really be pounding her!"
"Oh yes, he was. Look at how her back is curved down. She was throwing it right back at him. But you can't tell who it is, can you? I was a bit off to the side and her head is in the cushion, so the upper half of her face is hidden."
"Great shot! His head is tilted back like he's about ready to unload. I can't tell who it is, even though I know now."
"That's the beauty of erotic photography, Ronald. It tells a little story. Shows almost everything but hides enough to let the performers go on living fairly normal lives. You could walk past this pair in the park, even say hello to them, and never know they're the couple boffing on your bedroom wall."
"Amazing when you put it that way, William. You have a real gift for this, you know."
"Uh... thanks. And now it's going to bring us both financial rewards too.... Hey, Lezlee and Desiree are here now. Check out those two, eh, all tits and ass. I think Petra hired them as servers tonight. I'd even go for a crack at them later!"
"Wicked cougars, those two. I remember when we picked them up at The Den a few years back. They've been around the block quite a few times but are as hot to trot as ever. Just look at their get-up tonight, would you!"
The curvaceous pair had gone for the French maid look, with tight little black-and-white lingerie, black mesh tights and black chokers. The elbows-high white fingerless gloves and frilly white caps above their matching eye masks added to the picture. Their towering black pumps completed it.
"Sex-on-the-hoof, my friend. That's just a sample of the lingerie line we've invested in, you know. Petra and her girls will be showing more of it tonight, over there where she added the runway stage backed by the mirrored wall."
"I can't wait to see the new merchandise... I mean the new models!"
"Let's get our masks on, Ronald. The first guests should be arriving soon.... Greetings, Lezlee!"
"Hi, Desiree!"
****
Later that evening:
"Your invitation, sir?" Lezlee smiles as the big masked man comes to the front door of the shop.
"Ain't got none. Special frien' wit a phone invite. She know I's comin' t'night."
"You do seem familiar to me, even with that mask."
And he should be because when Darren drove for now-convicted investment dealer Gerhard Rodman, he had picked up Lezlee quite a few times, delivering her for evenings of sex at the broker's rural mansion.
"I seen ya b'fore too. Can't place ya tho," he lies.
"Well.... OK. Come on in and have a good time tonight. We all will, I'm sure."
"Lookin' fer Petra. She here yet?"
"If she's not around talking with customers in the gallery, she might be in her office back there. She'll be busy tonight."
"Am sure she will," Darren adds sarcastically because he knows Petra well enough to realize that she'll probably be flat on her back a few times this evening.
At one time Darren had been on the front burner of Petra's overheated libido. They met when he drove her to Saturday night appointments at the Rodmans' place, a dirty bargain needed to quiet them about her nude modelling work. He rescued her from their evil clutches and after that, moved into her little apartment for a time. Petra loved his big dick but hated his continual drinking and whoring. She finally threw him out.
Darren is angry about how it abruptly ended. Petra had been so hot for him that they'd made some lurid porn videos together, shot by her former professor. In those days, she couldn't get enough of his monster cock, and he enjoyed her clenching pussy every bit as much. But now the thrill was gone.
Petra's ex-lover gets plenty of action with bar pickups, but they all fall short of her in bed. He wants her back again and thinks that she'll quickly give in to his big cock, just like always. Darren knows Petra likes a good fuck, so he's quite sure about that. And now that he's crashed the party, tonight might be as good a time as any to find out.
Darren looks at the masked people around him Some wear tuxedos and satin shoes, their women dressed in the slinkiest of low-cut glittering gowns. Naked thighs and largely revealed breasts flounce through the place, beautiful women slyly comparing their bodies to the erotic displays which hang from the walls.
Many of them secretly want to pose like the models, showing all their hidden charms with only strategic shadows to hide their treasures. Some of men actively encourage these lurid thoughts, caressing a fine ass or crotch while whispering lewd comparisons. One handsome couple studies an extreme closeup.
"I know your honeypot is even better than that one, baby. You have such fat lips. Hey, I can take some shots like that for you, even better ones."
"Oh yeah, honey. I'd love that," she whispers "I'll spread wide and even touch myself for you. I know you like that." She is flushed pink at the very thought. "Ohhh, I'm gushing right now!"
"I'll come in close like that so that you really get wet," he teases, ramping her up. "You should wear your rings and work your fingers hard on your hot little box. Now wouldn't that be sexy!"
"Omigod!" she hisses. "The married woman getting herself off. Yes! Yes! That's so rude! I love it. I'll do it for you, honey!"
"Yeah, get yourself worked up for a great fucking after, eh. Or should I use my tongue first, babe? I could set up the camera angled from behind me."
"Oh gawd, you've got me so hot right now. I want all of that! Let's go out to the car... I need it so badly!"
That is the seductive power of the erotic photography on display tonight. The couple grab their coats and within minutes they're naked in the back seat of their big car, her legs splayed open while he pounds into her. It doesn't take long before they're sufficiently satisfied to trapse back into the art show again. A few people notice how rumpled and creased their expensive clothing looks now.
Meanwhile, Darren circulates the whole gallery, listening to conversations and looking for something in particular. He had been filmed with Petra and wonders if some stills taken from their porn videos made it into the display. While there are a few framed black and whites of a couple rutting, they don't look quite right. The guy has a slimmer build, while the woman has lighter hair than Petra.
Actually, he is examining three photos of Petra's latest girlfriend-with-benefits, Chloe Grey with boyfriend Mitch. Darren had been tossed aside before they came on the scene, so he had no way of knowing them. Eventually he realizes that none of his images are for sale, and this angers him even more. He hoped to press his ex-girlfriend for some money in exchange for selling his photographs, but there aren't any here.
Darren's angry thoughts are suddenly broken as a man next to him speaks while admiring the photos.
"I'd give anything to have that woman! Imagine. Getting paid to do it. The life of a porn star."
"Bin there an' done it," Darren brags. "See this un o'er here," he says' pointing to Petra stretched out nude on a divan, her ass cheeks spread enough to show a hint of pussy. "Fucked 'er lots. Yeah, right up 'bove here where she live. Great lay! Best a man can e'er git. An' I lost her."
The man doesn't know if he should believe this masked stranger or not. He certainly has a big, muscular physique, probably popular with the women, but he seems very crass.
"Are you sure? That is one classy lady! I don't think she'd just go with anybody...."
"Wait a minute, bud!" Darren interrupts. "Ya sayin' I ain't good 'nough fer 'er?"
He's annoyed and the man knows better than to push his buttons, so he gracefully retreats.
"No harm intended. I meant that she wouldn't give ME a second look. If you already had her, you're a much better man than I am."
"Well, I had 'er. Lots o' times. An' ev'ry way too, even behind. She good at that. Love it!"
"Then you're a lucky man, my friend. The best I can do is buy that picture and just dream."
"An' wank yerself lookin' at it," Darren laughs, no longer angry with the man.
Just then Darren sees Petra for the first time tonight. She looks amazing in her shiny black dress, so short and deeply slashed down the front. A familiar twist shoots through his groin, and he knows he must have her again. She walks out of the back of the gallery and into what he knows is the storeroom and the back stairs directly into her apartment above.
Maybe she's going upstairs for something? This is the perfect opportunity to catch her alone.
Quickly he strides over to the storage door and hearing nothing inside, he gently taps. No response. Darren knocks again, and hearing nothing, creeps inside, closing the door behind him. Evidently, Petra has gone up to her apartment, so he tiptoes up the steps, listening carefully all the while. Not far from the top, there's talking from the lounge a few feet away, female voices. Then he recognizes Petra's business-like tone.
"Are we ready for the show now?... Good. You and Mitch first. Then Gabby and Christina. Emmeline is next, and then me. When it's time, we'll wait in the storage room, then come out for our turn. When you've left the stage, leave on your outfit and mingle with the guests."
"In this? I'm almost naked!" someone complains.
"It's a lot more than you have on in your gallery photos," Petra insists. "And you're wearing your mask tonight too, so you won't be recognized."
"Well.... OK. When do we start?"
"I'll go down and see that William has everything cued up. The music, spotlights, the mic. Then I'll get out of this dress, and well start the show."
Before Darren can retreat, Petra throws open the door to go down into the gallery. Face-to-face with him, she suddenly jumps back, but before she can close the door, he pushes it half open. Petra throws her weight against it and shouts at him.
"Out! Out! You're not welcome here anymore!"
"I... I wanna talk...."
"No! Right out the side door. I don't want you back at my party."
"But.. but, Petra...."
She grabs his arm to drag him through the lounge toward the side door. Darren sees all the beauties in the room, decked out in erotic lingerie staring at him. There's even a guy among them, wearing some sort of Tarzan get-up.
"Get out now! Go! Go!" Petra vigorously pulls his arm.
Darren feels humbled and ashamed to be treated like this in front of the women watching his rejection. He is quite disappointed, almost numb, with confused thoughts unwinding in his head.
"After all I dun fer 'er, how can she do dis ta me? Sure, I fucked 'round, but thar waren't no promises when she bade me live here. An' me drinkin', well ever'body do that, eh."
Now the side door is open, and he's being pushed through it onto a little porch. It's clear that Petra doesn't want him around anymore, so Darren trudges down the outside staircase. Suddenly, he turns around and flares up.
"Goddamit! I git ya fer dis. Jus' wait, ya bitch!"
Petra slams the door shut and locks it tight.
"I hope that's the last I see of that stupid ass!"
****
A few minutes later, Petra takes the inside stairs to see if things are ready for the lingerie fashion show. After the details are confirmed with Professor Edwards, she'll bring her models down to the storeroom. But first, Petra will have to find him among the throng of customers and friends milling around the gallery, champagne glasses in hand, slowing getting bombed out of their minds.
What she sees downstairs shocks the shop owner. Lezlee and Desiree have been pushing the free alcohol hard, and many people have lost any inhibitions they came with!
Several beautiful women wear less than the revealing clothing they arrived in, their now-naked breasts on display for comparison to the images on the walls. In one dark corner, Petra spots an eager girl giving head; in another one, a guy is behind his woman, throwing it into her. The art show has become an orgy!
"I better get the fashion show underway,' Petra remarks to herself, "before my guests have more out on reveal than my models!"
She finally spots William off to one side, his hands groping Lezlee's big boobs while she takes a break from serving. Judging by her smile, the cougar seems to be loving it.
"Ready to go in five minutes, Professor?" Petra asks sternly.
"Yes.... Uh, just waiting for you. I'll cue the music now and get the stage lights on. That should draw everybody over to the runway."
"Good, I'll have the models assemble in the storeroom at the base of the stairs. Remember, don't use any names. I'll come on last. Five more minutes and we start."
A few minutes later, William had a mic in his hand to get the fashion show underway.
"Ladies and gentlemen, come over to the stage area now. I repeat, gather by the stage for a special surprise. You may have noticed the mannequins dressed in exotic lingerie just inside the front door. Tonight, all our models will be wearing it in the flesh... lots of flesh. The fashion show starts in one minute."
Everyone crowds around the stage, a few inebriated people with their tits still out or their zippers down. Excited comments abound, a buzz of anticipation from the buzzed patrons. Then the store- room door cracks open and two people step out and into the lights- a man and a woman.
What a show opener! It's Chloe Grey and Mitch, masked of course, now Jane and Tarzan in their jungle-inspired attire. She comes first, swaying along in a gauzy tiger-striped two-piece number that barely covers her top and bottom. Her entire body sways side-to-side in the skin-tight outfit as she cross-steps in her ridiculous high-heeled sandals.
With her head held high, Chloe leads her boyfriend by a little chain attached to the leather collar around his throat. People laugh, because Mitch wears a full-face Tarzan mask just in case anyone missed what's going on here. Apart from that, he is barefoot and wears a miniscule pouch that just manages to contain his large appendage. This leads the Professor to comment into the mic:
"Me Tarzan. You Jane. I nail you later, babe."
After the laughter subsides, Edwards points out that this male-female outfit is available at the gallery. Then a short time later, the storeroom door opens again and two young women stroll out hand-in-hand, best friends Gabriella and Christina.
"You've seen them together in the photos, no doubt. Here they are in person. Be sure to check out Petra's new lingerie line, where you'll find these hot pieces."
Both models are decked out in almost transparent baby-dolls, cropped just below their breasts, with tight little thongs below. One wears pink, the other black, but in either colour a great deal of creamy skin shows through. Big heels bounce their ripe bodies with each step, causing the gauzy fabric to rub their deep pink nipples to full alert. Christina's particularly full chest is partially suspended beneath her top, while Gabriela's plush ass jiggles invitingly with every stride.
Then, halfway along the runway, the models stop and turn toward one another. They smile, then share a deep, erotic kiss, almost like the one in their framed photo. The crowd cheers and calls for more. The girls are caught up by the mood and oblige with a much prolonged one, this time with hands up under the other's top, groping eager nipples.
"If our next model looks familiar, think Marilyn Monroe. You'll see several shots of her in the gallery, some of our special favourites." Ronald nods his agreement.
Emmeline Jones looks fantastic under the spotlight following her slow strut along the stage runway and back. Her tumbling blonde locks contrasts with the extreme French underwear which hides only the tiniest bits of her buxom form. The little black half-bra lifts her shapely tits up and out, making no pretense of hiding her nubby points, so prominently displayed.
Her matching transparent bottoms are tight against her groin, so tight in fact that when she turns, everyone catches a glimpse of her shaven pussy. Crotchless, no less! Black pullups stockings and satin stilettos with five-inch spikes scream out sex. And in case the audience hasn't grasped that message, Emma stops mid-walk, spreads her legs apart, and grabs her crotch Madonna-style. People go nuts.
"Ladies, wear that gear and you know what's going to happen next, right. But well, we saved the best for last. I have a very special model, the one who chose all the naughty stuff here tonight!"
Petra knows the value of anticipation, so waits a half minute before stepping out into the lights. A roar rises immediately from the patrons because she seems to be totally nude. Her creamy breasts bounce unsupported as she does a slinky model's walk. And her firm butt cheeks move from side-to side, displaying only a glittering little circle from time-to-time, a ruby butt plug! Petra the exhibitionist is out tonight!
The masked model IS naked! And what's that? A bobbing pink bubble dangles from her puss, and she smiles whenever it flashes on. The Professor is controlling her internal stimulator with a pocket remote! Petra is using her turn on the runway to demonstrate devices now available in her shop! She has another toy in her hand- a long, black wand with vibrating head, which she waves around when she struts past.
By the time Petra reaches the end of the runway she begins to spasm, then shake. Her muscles clench and her eyes pinch shut in apparent ecstasy. The clamoring crowd gazes at her, then cheers loudly before she scoots back to the storeroom at the climax- literally- of the fashion show.
After that, the models all remain in costume, circulating through the gathered throng who are admiring their outfits. All the girls and Mitch toss back some champagne to help mask any unease they feel at being so exposed in front of people. Only their masks and the smallest bit of fabric preserve their dignity.
With another quick glass of alcohol, the hands trailing across the models' backs, then fondling their hips and breasts don't seem so invasive. Mitch isn't neglected either, with painted fingers exploring the length and girth of his rising member and heavy balls. He grins because it feels rather good.
Meanwhile, Petra remains in the storeroom experiencing an almost unbroken string of little orgasms. Every time Professor Edwards' remote makes the inserted device blink, her tortured vagina twitches some more. It's much too pleasant to stop this intense new sensation. Besides, since beginning to pose for him three years ago, there aren't many things that she hasn't already tried.
Then all at once, panic erupts through the gallery!
"Fire!" someone screams loudly, and the herd scrambles for the front door.
A big truck is already barrelling down the street, headed for the shop. A neighbour must have seen the flames behind the building and called in the alarm. The pumper truck skids to a halt by the front door and the wail of another siren comes from about a block away. A two-alarm fire- it must be a big one!
There are many prominent citizens- pillars of local society- at Petra's Erotic Photo Gallery. Some disrobed women have time to get themselves back together before rushing in front of the firefighters jumping off the truck. Some ladies don't have enough time.
Some men manage to get their trousers back on before fleeing, but others can't. People lose their masks in the rush to their cars, leaving them half-naked and recognized in public. Reputations will be ruined.
Most exposed are the models and servers themselves. The firefighters are treated to an array of exciting lingerie rushing past them, naked flesh bouncing as the women run out in their little nothings. Mitch has time to grab a suit jacket left behind by one of the fleeing patrons, but poor Petra isn't as fortunate, reaching the front door completely nude. The crew stops their work to stare.
When the building is cleared, firefighters drag a hose inside, ready to douse any flames. Meanwhile, those from the truck in the back lane have already turned theirs onto the flames licking up the back wall. It's not a big blaze, so they douse the fire quickly. But the real damage has already been done. Petra's gala is finished, her guests scattered to the four winds in disgrace.
The inside fire crew rushes through the storage room to the back of the building. Some clamber up the inside stairs but find no smoke or flames in either location. The inside hoses remain dry, so nothing in the art gallery will be destroyed.
But that is about the only good news for Petra. No prints had been sold yet, and none of the new lingerie purchased. Her models stand shivering in the night, draped under firefighters' bulky coats. To make matters worse, the crews watched Petra rush out of the gallery completely naked before someone threw his coat over her. With this disaster, her business and personal reputation may be in tatters.
Across the street curious neighbours and passers-by gather to gaze at the whole confused spectacle. Men and women charge out of the building half dressed. Models in spectacular lingerie huddle under firefighters' coats. A tall brunette runs onto the sidewalk nude. What the Hell is going on over there tonight?
But one of the spectators knows. He stands watching silently, with a smirking grin on his face, and Petra sees him staring at her.
Anger wells up, and she glares back across the street defiantly.
Petra raises both arms in his direction, clenching her fists.
The middle finger of each hand shoots skyward.
She knows who is responsible for this.
Please rate my final Petra story before you go. Thanks for 100 000 reads.