This is actually the fourth part of the Staying with Mrs. Wentworth series. You might want to read the day one through day three parts first. This is also slow developing and maybe longer than it should be. I'm really enjoying the characters so I got a little long. I'm a new writer though so any feedback is always appreciated.
I woke up later than I intended. It was the latest I had slept at Mrs. Wentworth's. I was starting to feel at home in my bed in the spare room. I almost didn't remember how mad I had been when my mom made me stay there while she went away. I mean what 19 year old (almost 19) wants to be forced to be babysat or watched over by some old lady who used to be his fifth grade teacher? But I didn't mind anymore. After all, Mrs. Wentworth was really nice and actually kind of hot for a woman her age. And actually her age wasn't that old. She was maybe 40 which isn't exactly old. And she treated me like an adult which after all I was. Most of the time anyway.
Other mornings she had woken me up but today I just slept through. It was already 9:30 and I was looking forward to seeing her. Actually, I was curious and nervous about what I would say but also looking forward to it. After what had happened the night before, I thought things were going to be really different. I mean she actually pretty much gave me a blowjob which changes things, doesn't it? (See the story in Day Three of this series) I hadn't been super sexually active in the past and it was probably technically my first blowjob. So I didn't know the next thing to do but I was sure we'd figure that out together. I was pretty sure we were going to talk about it and just go from there.
Anyway, I got ready and got dressed pretty fast to get downstairs as soon as I could. However, on the way past her room I stopped and saw her laying in her bed. I went in and looked around not sure if I should wake her. After all it was pretty late for her to still be asleep. She woke me up at 6 the first morning and it was almost 10 today. She was sleeping and her clothes from last night were on the floor. The pajama shorts and top she had been wearing, with the addition of a few dried stains that gave me happy memories, were laying there in a pile on the floor of her usually really clean room.
I was thinking about whether she was naked under the covers and how to find out when she woke up, saw me and sat up in bed with a big smile. She wasn't actually naked and had a blue nightgown on so I was disappointed. I guess she had changed after everything had happened last night. I smiled back and tried to figure out what to say. I guess "thanks for sucking on me" would have been a bad choice but I wanted to say thanks. While I was trying to figure it out, she saw the clock and said "10:00? Oh my goodness! I never sleep this late. Oh my sweet Stevie dear, you have to forgive me, I think Mrs. Wentworth made a big mistake last night."
I was a little shocked and said "well, I don't know about that." But she shook her head and said "yes, sweetheart, I set a bad example. I had much more wine than I should have. I'm sure I didn't do anything crazy because we didn't go out anywhere but I don't remember a thing that happened after the girls left and my head is aching. I'm sure I wasn't very good company and I'm sorry."
I didn't know what to say. This was weird. Maybe it all just happened because she was drunk. Wow, that wasn't what I expected but I couldn't exactly remind her of it. Instead I just said, "No everything was fine. You know we saw a movie and we went to bed early. I didn't even notice you were drunk. I don't mean that you were drunk, just sleepy or whatever."
She smiled and said "How sweet. Always the perfect gentleman. I'm so lucky to have found you. Now be a good boy and run along so I can get dressed and I'll make us some breakfast." So I went downstairs and did some thinking. It was like she was two different people sometimes and I was never positive which one was going to come out. Still I guess it was nice to be called a perfect gentleman. Not that she "found me." My mom brought me over. And while she did make me feel like an adult sometimes, at other times her language was a little funny. Be a good boy and run along isn't exactly what some guy wants a super hot woman to say. Finally it was weird that she didn't remember the most memorable thing that had ever happened to me. Oh well.
I was downstairs making a big pot of coffee because I knew that coffee was a good thing after drinking. That's what people said. When she came down, she was really happy to see coffee and gave me a huge hug and a big kiss before telling me "you're just the sweetest thing taking care of me like that." It wasn't sexy but it made me happy. She drank some coffee and took a couple pills but seemed to recover pretty fast while she was making us eggs and bacon. So I set the table and she brought stuff over and we ate.
It was usually morning when she asked me embarrassing questions so I jumped in first to avoid them. "Um, Mrs. Wentworth, are you on vacation or do you have to go to work soon? I mean I hope you aren't staying home because of me. After all, I'm an adult and don't really even need supervision. I don't want to be the one making you not go in."
She smiled again and leaned across and squeezed my hand and told me "you're such a sweetie-pie to think of that. Please don't worry, honey. I don't have a job." I looked surprised and she quickly explained. "Darling, I did teach for a few years but I think you were in my very last class. The late Mr. Wentworth didn't live very long but he did make a lot of money. When he went, he didn't have any family, just little old me. I finished out that school year and I haven't needed to work since. I'm glad because it gives me so much more time to spend with my dear, sweet Stevie."
That explained a lot. I didn't ask how much exactly she was worth but I guessed that her dead husband had made a lot of money because she seemed pretty loaded and had a big house and a real expensive car.
"Now, enough about that, Stevie. I have to ask something important." That made me nervous. "Sweetheart, I want to ask you to do something for me, well with me really. A lot of men, I guess a lot of people I should say, don't like to do it but I think you should experience it and you might even like it. I know I will like it and I think you will like it. In fact, I'm pretty sure you will, a giving young man like you. And I can walk you through it all because you won't be familiar with doing it and obviously I am very familiar. But it would make me happy if you and I can do it together. That will be fun won't it?"
I was pretty sure I knew what she about to say and I wanted to play it cool. So I waited while she continued. "After our pretty little date at the restaurant and how nice it was, I thought you might be willing to try this. I know it will be fun for both of us. I'm a little embarrassed to tell you but I've been thinking about it and looking forward to showing you since before you came here to our house."
She smiled at me and actually I had a huge erection under the table. I was all set to crawl under the table right there if she was ready. Maybe she wasn't really a completely different person in the morning. I guess she really did remember too and this was the next step. It only seemed fair like the obvious thing after last night. "Sure, I'd be happy to do anything for you, Mrs. Wentworth," I said. She was very surprised and very excited I said yes. I can't believe I would ever say no even if it wasn't something I had dreamed of doing or tasting. It was partly a fantasy, obviously, and partly an awesome sexual experience I had thought a lot about in the past. I think I'd have done anything for her right then. I knew I really liked her even that quickly and I just got a kick out of seeing her happy.
She stood up and pulled me to my feet. Obviously doing stuff under the kitchen table wasn't exactly classy. It wasn't how a classy lady like her would start her first time with me. She hugged me even though I was pretty hard right then. I'm pretty sure she didn't mind a huge tent in my shorts this morning because we were actually talking about more advanced things. Considering what we were about to do, it was fine to be really worked up.
"Now I need to figure out what to wear. This is a special occasion. And we need to decide what to put you in too. I want us both to look just right." I never thought a lot about clothes. At least my clothes. I noticed everything she wore and all the details of her underwear and her shoes and her dresses. I had spent a lot of nights staring at catalogs and the real thing was better. But I never thought what I wore mattered a lot. But why not, right? I know I was definitely extra turned on when she wore the right stuff so it made sense that she might want me to wear something special because we were talking about her getting turned on. I was okay with that. I just didn't know if she meant funky underwear or we were talking costumes or something kinkier.
But whatever it was, I was up for it. "Mrs. Wentworth, whatever you want is okay with me. Anything at all." She giggled and playfully swatted me on the butt. "Careful what you say young man, ha ha, I just might test you." And she laughed like she told a joke. "Okay, darling, now obviously I'll dress up from head to toe. I always do. For you, I don't think we need a tuxedo. A lot of men wore business suits last time I was at the opera so we'll work with that."
I'm sure I looked really puzzled because she stared at me and I mumbled "did you say opera?" She looked and laughed and said "didn't I say that before? That's so funny, Stevie. What did you think? You didn't think I just meant some boring movie, did you?" Well, I didn't tell her what I thought but I did turn red and said "No I didn't really know. I mean I wasn't completely sure. And, well, I've never been to the opera."
She hooked our arms together and led me up the stairs side by side up to her bedroom. "I won't waste our time on silly movies. I really think you'll have fun with me at the opera and I know we talked about how you don't have a lot of experiences." We had talked about that but usually she meant it in a sex way but I guess not always. "And I know I'm your teacher right now. I want to give you more experience so we can have another fun date night. Maybe not exactly the same as the last time though, right honey?"
I said that I couldn't think about any part of the last date I didn't like. She sat me on the edge of her bed and smiled "Oh, I love that you're such a perfect gentleman so you didn't mention that bitchy girl who annoyed us. You're so right not to even think about her, the obnoxious little tramp, or that part of that night." I could feel Mrs. Wentworth getting angry again. It was cool that she got so angry when someone was obnoxious toward me. Then she paused and calmed down and went on with a smile, "We were just two people having a nice meal and a quiet evening together and coming home to our house. I love that about you darling." With that she opened her closet door and disappeared inside while I sat on the bed.
I heard her making noises and opening and closing drawers and humming. The she said, "where are you sweetie? Come here." I walked just in the door. I hadn't been in her closet before. It was big and had lots of clothes hanging all over it and two pretty big dressers in it too. And shoes everywhere.
But she was smiling at me and holding something in her hand for me. It turned out to be two tickets. I don't know exactly what I thought she was going to show me. She read it out. It was La something at the Grand Opera House. Italian, it turns out and it starred someone named Sofia something who I guess I was supposed to know. "Isn't it exciting, Stephen? I can't imagine anything better for your first time and La Belle Sofia is stunning. We're so lucky! I ordered the tickets weeks ago."
She was so excited about it, it made me excited too. I mean opera sounded like the last think I'd ever want to do but she loved it so why not give it a try? And she had the tickets for weeks. That was weird because I don't think my mom even decided to bring me over until a few days before I got there. But I guess Mrs. Wentworth was just glad now she had someone to use that extra ticket.
She shooed me out and said "I'm not going to show you my gown early. It will be a fun surprise and I'll pick out the right things for you too. Now let's go back down."
We walked downstairs and went in the living room and she pulled out her phone while I crashed on a chair nearby. "We almost forgot to call your mom to check on her, Stevie hun. I'll talk first and then you can say hello to your mommy." I hated it when she talked that way but what can I do. The I guess Mom answered and they started talking, "Hi sleepyhead, it's me....Oh, we've been up for hours we probably got up at 6 or 7...are you being a good girl....no Stephen's in the other room, he can't hear us," and she made a face and a shhhhh noise at me. So I tried to be quiet.
"Yes, he's been a real sweetheart, very helpful....no we haven't done much, mostly quiet nights. I had some old friends for tea yesterday....of course he wasn't in the way, he was very helpful....yes he was, very. He was like a very skilled waiter....I'm sure he might have been a little bored but he didn't show it....maybe I'll take him to a movie one night...of course and he helped drive me when I went shopping yesterday too...yes, very boring but he took care of the packages..he's a dear and if you aren't careful I just might keep him....ha ha....how's is your conference?" I noticed Mrs. Wentworth said the word conference with a little smile.
"Of course I know that, all business....yes, I'm sure it's very grueling....conferences in Las Vegas are always very difficult...I don't mean anything by that...I hope you did manage to squeeze in some fun.....oh that sounds nice, a lot of you?....oh did you? That's interesting....Nothing at all, you're being paranoid....oh i'll want to hear all the details later....what? what was that noise?...I know I heard something or maybe someone....I thought you were in your room...Oh is that what it is? Well, I hope the air conditioning wasn't banging like that all night...I'm not implying anything but I know how these conferences are....yes...oh well let me get him, he's in the other room."
She motioned to me to wait for a second or two then handed me the phone. She said loudly "here Stevie, it's your mommy, come say hi." I hated it when she talked like that but I picked up the phone and said "hi, mom, what's up?" Mom wasn't real talkative and actually sounded out of breath a little. I guess she just woke up. She said, "I'm fine honey. I want you to be good for Doris." The she paused for a few seconds. "Yes, please be very good. I don't want to hear about any, oh wait a second." There was a short pause and it sounded like she dropped the phone or something. Then she said quickly, "I don't want to hear about any trouble. Now be good and I'll see in a few days probably. I have to go. Bye." And then it was over. Something came up and mom signed off fast I guess.
Mrs. Wentworth was frowning but didn't say anything and didn't seem to want to talk about Mom. That was fine with me. My mom annoyed me sometimes. I said, "I guess it's going well." Mrs. Wentworth sighed and said "I'm sure your mom has everything in hand. Enough about her though. We're going to want to relax for a while, have a late lunch and then get ready. It's a long drive and we need to be there by 6 at the latest."
We ate and did some things around the house but it was pretty early when Mrs. Wentworth went up to get ready and told me not to wait too long either. I had a quick shower, shaved, and got ready. I wasn't sure what to wear but I noticed she had laid clothes out on my bed. All of it was very dressy and there was even a pair of boxers. Not the new tight things she got me before but they were new boxer briefs. I guess you wear new underwear to the opera (joke). Anyway, it was actually a new suit. My gray one was nice, I thought, but this was a little dressier. It was dark without a lot of pattern but there was just a little. The tie was very bright with lots of purple but it looked very sharp. I got dressed then I went downstairs. Of course I was ready a long time before she was.
Finally, Mrs. Wentworth came downstairs. Wow. I mean, I admit I like loooking at a mature lady all dressed up. In fact, I liked Mrs. Wentworth in almost anything but she was something else tonight. I thought I looked sharp but she was amazing. The dress had lace and sheer parts at the top but it wasn't slutty at all. It was very fancy. The long flowing bottom half was shiny and almost to the floor but you could see it was cut a lot of the way up so she could walk easier. Her legs showed when she walked through the slit but it wasn't at all cheap looking. She looked like a million bucks. I just stared.
She smiled as she came down, hair done, a lot of makeup, a total knockout. "Good evening, sir, are you my date for the opera this evening?"
I said, "um, yeah." But then I caught myself and bowed a little (I thought that was what I was supposed to do) and said "Yes, I am, Mrs. Wentworth. Are you ready for an evening at the opera?"
She held her hand out and let me escort her to the car. It was very formal but she seemed real happy with it. I held the door and let her in the passanger side. She wanted me to drive again which I was happy to do because her car is awesome. While I let her get in the seat and waited to close the door, I may have noticed that her slit skirt sometimes showed off more leg than she meant to. I didn't mean to stare but I had to wait until she got in.
While I drove she reached over and patted my leg and told me "you're a wonderful pupil and you're learning very well to be a perfect gentleman. I just know you'll love tonight's performance. Opera can be so exciting." I admit I was expecting opera to be terrible but I liked how happy she was and I wasn't complaining about her patting my leg. I liked that part even if her hand wasn't really near anything good.
It was a long drive and I couldn't really see her legs in the car. She told me a lot about opera and what we were going to see and why Italian was a romantic language and perfect for opera and how very lucky I was to get to hear this Sofia who wasn't Italian but was born for the part. She was very excited so I tried to be happy too but wasn't expecting to like it really.
She directed me to a valet parking downtown but across the street from the Opera House. Opera houses apparently don't have parking lots so you take what you can get. This was connected by a walkway. We got out. Mrs. Wentworth said a few words, got a ticket, gave it to me, and took my arm in hers and walked me to an escalator, up and across and into the Opera House lobby. Then she handed me the two tickets subtly and I handed them to a usher who bowed, smiled and directed us without words to a red carpeted stairs.
It was actually pretty elegant and we walked up to a bigger lobby with bars and lots of people, all of them dressed as well as we were or better. Well not better than Mrs. Wentworth but some guys were dressier than me. She told me to wait for a moment then she walked to a bar and came back with two tall skinny glasses with bubbling champagne. She handed me one and said "Stephen, one always has champagne at the opera." It was pretty cool.
She held my arm tight while we drank. I liked champagne and we said a few words to people who would walk by and smile. One oily guy in a white bow tie came up and starting talking and eying Mrs. Wentworth too much. He was a weasel but older than me by a lot and older than her by a lot too. When he touched Mrs. Wentworth's arm, I glared at him but he didn't get the message. When he touched her arm again, I thought it was a lot too much like putting a move on her. I grabbed his arm and didn't let go. When he looked at me, I just stared. I'm not a super intimidating guy but with some oily opera guy I am. He started to say something but just left.
Mrs. Wentworth just kissed me on the cheek and whispered "Stephen that was so sweet. I think you were jealous." I didn't answer that but I did say "I didn't like that guy or his attitude." She agreed because she squeezed my arm and finished her champagne then handed it to a hostess. Then she pulled me toward the theater. The lights had flashed which in opera land means we're about to start. We got caught in a crush of people. Not a riot like thing but still a lot of people trying to get through one spot. Mrs. Wentworth reached to grab my hand and when doing it also pinched the butt right in front of me. The lady in front of me didn't freak out but did turn her head and look at me like I did it. I whispered to Mrs. Wentworth "what did you do that for?" But she looked clueless and said "do what?" So I dropped it.
We got past the crowd and our seats were in what they call a box. It means we were on the side and not in a row but sort of separated. I mean we could see people and they could see us but it was just a tiny bit more private and exclusive. Mrs. Wentworth told me they were the very best seats. She was proud. I thought it was really nice of her. I guessed they were expensive or more than regular tickets cost anyway and it felt real exclusive. We sat down just as things started and she gave me a pair of binoculars. They call them opera glasses.
Mrs. Wentworth was obviously real excited. She kept reaching over and squeezing my hand with a big smile before turning back to watch. It wasn't terrible. It was a lot of singing and not what you're used to because you can't understand the words very well. Even when you can, they're not English. But the music is good and you get used to the singing. I was using the glasses to get a better look at the singers and maybe some of the audience. Actually mostly the audience. Give a guy binoculars and sit him above people and he can't help himself. Then Mrs. Wentworth squeezed over (our chairs could move) and whispered "Amazing, don't you agree?"
I did agree but because I was looking right that second at an older woman through my binoculars and she had the kind of cleavage you can't look away from. But I think Mrs. Wentworth meant the opera. I said truthfully, "I didn't know what to expect but it really is an amazing show." She squeezed me more and gave me a kiss on my cheek. "Such a sweet date," she said.
It was about this time I noticed the slit in her skirt was pretty high and I could see almost her whole leg if I looked. I could stockings, stocking tops, and connecting garters because she had no idea she was exposing herself. I know I shouldn't have looked. But I did and I got pretty hard right away. So I took the glasses and looked at the stage and the audience to distract myself.
I few seconds later, she nudged me, "I know what you're looking at, naughty boy." I was shocked and felt bad. She was so nice to me and now she caught me taking a cheap peek halfway up her skirt. I didn't know what to say which happens to me a lot. So she pinched my arm and said "a lot of men say Madame Sofia has great lungs but we both know what that means." And she was sort of twinkling not mad. Before I answered I looked at the singer she meant, the star of the thing. She was big and beautiful. I know a lot was make up but she was very pretty and also slightly larger, I guess the right look for a singer, and had a very large set of lungs as Mrs. Wentworth said. And they were displayed as part of her costume. I can see how a lot of opera fans might be thinking less about her voice than the chest it came out of.
Mrs. Wentworth reached over and patted the large bulge developing in my pants sort of playfully and sort of scolding. She said "I'm sure it's the notes you like not where they come from" and then she giggled. I thought it was better to let her think that than say "no it's your awesome legs and knowing you're wearing garters that's driving me crazy."
In the first intermission (they had two), we went back to the lobby and reception area. It was a little more crowded but Mrs. Wentworth managed to get us two more champagne glasses. I decided that night I liked champagne a lot. So did Mrs. Wentworth. She had two glasses in that intermission. We made small talk with a few people for a few seconds. The lady whose butt Mrs. Wentworth had pinched when I was behind her passed by/ Mrs. Wentworth poked me and said "isn't that your friend?" Then she laughed again.
It was all in fun, though. She was very happy and I was actually enjoying myself. Opera was different but fun and she just loved it when I said anything positive about the night. So that made me happy.
Only one bad thing happened. When I came back from the bathroom, that same oily guy had swooped in and was trying to weasel his way into a conversation. He left as I got closer and I asked Mrs. Wentworth, "Was that weasel bothering you again?" She smiled and laughed. I think she was flattered that I was protecting her but she wanted to tease me too. "It's so cute when you get jealous. Don't worry my sweet Stephen. I know who my date is." And she kissed me on the cheek again.
It was a short intermission so we got stuck in a crowd again and to my amazement she pinched the same lady again. It's like she was trying to get me in trouble. What was worse is that the lady was with a pretty big guy. I really thought she was going to have the guy hit me or something but she didn't. She just looked at me and then at Mrs. Wentworth and looked funny and winked at me. I sort of turned a little red and Mrs. Wentworth was laughing a little when we got past them and headed to our box seats.
The second part was better because I started to get into it a little more and looked at the audience a little less. Mrs. Wentworth's legs though were still on display and our seats were closer so I could really watch her without being totally obvious. It didn't help that she kept whispering stuff in my ear about the opera. It was helpful in understanding the opera but a woman you are lusting for whispering in your ear with warm breath doesn't make the lump in your shorts go down.
During the intermission I tried to think of things to make myself soften so when we stood around I wouldn't be obvious. Mrs. Wentworth got champagne quickly and then left me holding both while she went to "freshen up." I was standing there waiting when the lady I pinched walked by. Well I didn't pinch her but she thought I had. I turned my head so she wouldn't see me but she must have seen me anyway because she came over and whispered "it's OK. I feel safer with your hands full." And then she gave me a fun smile and walked on.
I was staring after her not sure what exactly that meant when Mrs. Wentworth appeared out of nowhere and asked with a giggle what I was staring at. I stuttered. She laughed as she took her champagne glass and said "now you have a free hand in case she comes back." She finished her champagne and had another one that she had obviously picked up coming back from the bathroom. So I gave her mine so I could make a quick stop at the bathroom myself. I wasn't used to drinking champagne or anything else so I was feeling different. When I came back that weasely guy was there again. It made me mad. And even madder when I saw he wasn't just talking to her but really making his move. He was too close and had moved a hand to her side. I got there and bumped him and he let go. I grabbed his arm and said "get the fuck away from us. If I see you again, I'm going to ram my fist down your fucking throat and leave you bleeding in the alley." It wasn't me. I was never like that and didn't usually talk like that but I felt this rage when I saw his hand on her and I was reminded of all the jerks I knew in school and took it out on this weasel who deserved it. I'm not a big guy at all but this guy wasn't either and I wanted to smash him but I didn't. I just scared him away and we never saw him again.
No one else really noticed. The only people who might have heard were one really old couple and they didn't seem like they heard well. Also that lady that I didn't pinch and her giant husband. He didn't notice. I guess he didn't notice much which is why I was alive despite Mrs. Wentworth's pranks pinching his wife. I think she saw the whole thing but didn't say anything.
But the audience that mattered was Mrs. Wentworth. I think she probably could have handled the guy and he didn't get far, he just touched her waist, but she was looking at me with sort of wet eyes. She put her arm around me and didn't tease me at all and just said quietly "thank you, my sweet protector, you were wonderful." I know I didn't really do anything but if it made her happy that was great. I wasn't complaining about her arm around me and her body close.
The lights flashed. At operas, they flash lights to say "we're almost ready to start." So we quickly finished our champagne. The pinching lady walked by behind her husband and leaned over to say "very nice. Hi, I'm Julie." I kind of blushed. I wasn't used to being noticed. I said, "I'm Stephen and um...." I didn't know how to introduce Mrs. Wentworth. I couldn't say "This is Mrs. Wentworth, she used to be my teacher and is a friend of my mom's." It would be lame. Fortunately, she jumped in and said "and I'm Lana, his date. Nice to meet you." I don't know why but I thought it was cool that she called herself Lana again. It made it feel different.
The woman who said her name was Julie didn't stay because the opera was starting and she had to catch up to her husband. We found a place for our glasses and went into the traffic jam of people too. Fortunately, we weren't right behind Julie again so Mrs. Wentworth wasn't tempted to pinch her and get me in trouble again. As we got around the crowd though I felt something pinch my butt which was really unexpected. I looked at Mrs. Wentworth but she was looking behind us and I saw Julie back there with a grin turning the other way.
We went back to the box and the rest of the opera was fine except Mrs. Wentworth got our chairs right up against each other and snuggled up against me the whole time, still happy from me yelling at the weasel guy. It was nice. It made it harder to sneak peeks at her leg but I felt the leg against me which was also good.
When we left, I kept an eye out for that guy but we didn't see him. Which was good for him. Mrs. Wentworth held my hand which was kind of cool. She said "Stephen, honey, a woman likes her date to hold her hand so keep a tight hold of your Lana." I know it's crazy but I kind of felt like she was really was my girlfriend right at that moment.
We walked back across the walkway to where we had dropped the car with valet parking. But before we went down the escalator, she said "wait here while I go take care of something." After all that champagne, it was a good idea to go again before we hit the road for a long car ride. So I stared at the city lights through the walkway glass. It was very nice.
When she came back, she took my arm and said "ready." Then she led me right past the escalator. "Mrs. Wentworth, I think we go down there," I said.
She smiled. "I'm Lana tonight remember? This is a date. I thought that since it is such a long drive back to our house and we both had a few drinks, it would be smart to get a room and drive back in the morning." It was only then that I noticed that this was the lobby level of a hotel and actually a pretty nice one. "Okay, Lana," I said. "That's pretty smart." She was right. I never drink much and I was a little light headed and she'd had even more.
We went up in an elevator. I guess she had gotten a key when I thought she was heading to the bathroom. "Is your car, okay where we parked?" I asked. She assured me, "oh yes, I told them when we dropped it off that we were staying over."
So we got to our room on the 14th floor and I immediately noticed the view and nothing else. Wow. We were high up and it was nice. When I turned around, I noticed only one bed and it had a suitcase on it. "Uh, Mrs....I mean Lana, there's only one bed and someone's suitcase is on it."
She acted pretty annoyed. "That's very annoying. I know I told them I wanted two doubles and now it's too late to do anything about it. I'm so sorry Stephen. I hate it when they mess things up like that. Oh, but the suitcase is ours. I told the valet when we parked that it was in the trunk so I know they'd bring it up." I was confused because I know we didn't leave the house with a suitcase unless she had packed it hours before which was impossible unless she thought there was a chance we might need it and was being safe.
"Now, why don't you buy Lana one drink, a nightcap before bed? If you like our view then you'll love the bar at the top of the hotel." And without waiting for an answer she grabbed me and took me out the door and we took the elevator to the top. There was a restaurant and the bar had seats on the windows which had an amazing view. It was like you could see the whole world.
She had ordered more champagne which was okay with me. Then we sat there and she turned to look out the window, twisting herself around. "Don't you just love the view, dear?" she said. I was staring at the huge amount of exposed leg she was showing. All the way up, I could see stockings tops and garters and even just on her hip the bottom edge of her panties. I was lucky I heard the question and could say "uh, yes, I really like the view too."
I was disappointed when she turned but liked it when she leaned closer and put a hand on my thigh and said "Stephen I was so very very happy to be able to share this night with you. I think it was very fun to be with you at the opera for your first time. I like introducing you to new things and I like being your date." It was very nice and nicer too when she leaned in and gave me a very nice soft kiss on my lips not my cheek. That even more than the leg show got me very excited and obviously to anyone who could see into my lap.
She took another drink on her champagne and smiled. She was obviously happy. She said, "I could tell you thought Julie's husband was going to come after when she got pinched. That was funny." I was going to protest but she leaned in again to say in a little bit huskier voice "but it was just the most exciting thing for me when you chased that man away. It was so wonderful to be protected by you that way." And I just got a little embarrassed.
She looked thoughtful for a few minutes before saying, "I do have to say, however, that even though your action was very gentlemanly and proper, I think your language was very naughty. I never thought I would hear such coarse words come out of my date's mouth. I know you were provoked so you might not have to be punished."
"Uh, okay. Great." I didn't know what to say. She started to get up but then fell back down again and actually almost fell on top of me. She actually just missed crushing an important part of me and even leaned on the bulge in my pants when she got herself back up again. I thought she didn't notice what she had touched until she giggled. No one much was in the bar because it was pretty late but we decided to leave anyway. I mean she decided and I followed her back to the elevator.
When the elevator started in threw her off balance and she actually fell backward which was okay because I was between her and the wall. It cushioned her so she didn't get hurt but it also meant her butt pushed into my waist so her beautiful soft cushiony butt was pressed against my erection. That happened three or four times. I guess she was a little drunk.
But we got back to the room in one piece. I was trying to figure out if I should sleep on the floor or I could make a sort of bed out of two chairs. She stopped me. "Stephen, honey, please. I know we wanted two beds and that would be appropriate but it's a big king-size bed it won't be a problem. I think Stephen and Lana can share a bed like two mature adults." I was never sure what it means when she talked about us like we were two other people or when she called herself Lana. I know it was sort of still the date and she was Lana on the date but it was still weird to talk about yourself that way. She was right though. It was a big bed so why not. Then I realized that I hadn't known I wasn't going home so I didn't have spare clothes or anything to sleep in. I was pretty sure she wouldn't approve of me sleeping with her in just my underwear.
I tried to think of what to say but she had apparently thought of it. She was opening the small suitcase on the bed and saying "Now, my sweet Stevie I bought you new jammies for tonight because the opera is special and why not? If we are elegant people tonight, we won't sleep in shorts and T shirts. I know you like shorts though so I got you jammies with shorts, sweetie." With one sentence my bulge was gone. She got me jammies. I don't think I said the word jammies in almost forever. But still it was nice and at least it solved the problem.
She laid them on the bed and said "they are elegant satin pajamas, dear. Very high society. I know you'll like them." Actually they were pretty nice as far as pajamas went. I had taken my coat off and now my tie until she turned her back to me. "Now be a good little helpes and take care of my zipper." She stood funny and I pushed against her to get her zipper started. She whispered, "Keep going, Stephen." and I pulled all the way down past her waist. I could see the back of her bra or longer than a bra actually, and the garter belt that was holding up her stockings and the top half of her panties. It was one of the sexiest moments of my life.
The she took a step away an wiggled and the dress fell down. "Help me hand the dress up, dear. Get the hanger over there." I helped her and tried not to think about it. She was out of her dress. I took a minute to stare. She was wearing the sexiest underwear I ever knew existed. I don't know why anyone needs garters anymore but they are very hot. Her panties weren't tiny but that's almost better. Most of it was black and matched. On top she had something I had never seen but I checked on the internet later and it was a bustier. Wow.
I wasn't very subtle because she said, "Oh, I don't know what you think. Maybe my foundation garments are too old fashioned but we were going to the opera and they make me feel pretty. After all, no one was ever going to see them. Except you of course right now." I never heard anyone say foundation garment before. But I didn't want her to think the wrong thing. "No, actually Mrs. Wentworth...." She looked at me like she was going to scold me. "I mean, Lana, you look awesome. What I mean is that you're very pretty and I think your clothes are very nice."
She smiled and came over and gave me another kiss. A big kiss, soft and long, with her body pressed against me. And my body knew that an attractive woman was kissing me in just her underwear, fancy underwear. I didn't want it to stop but she was just being nice. She turned with her bag and went into the bathroom saying, "Now I better change so you can have privacy to put your jammies on."
I quickly changed, took off everything and put the pajamas on. They were a burgundy color and soft shiny silk. They actually felt really good against me, almost too good. I still had a hardon and having it press against the thin silk was nice. Then Mrs. Wentworth came back out saying, "I got new jammies too." She also had silk but a long, almost to the floor, satin nightgown. It was so nice and lacey around her breasts she could almost have worn it to the opera. I just stared.
She smiled at me and said "which side do you like best?" I loved that question and just stared at her, comparing sides, until I said "I like both." She smiled and said "well you have to pick one. I'll take the right and you can have the left." Then she pulled down the bed spread and I realized what she meant. So I climbed into the bed before she got a quick drink of water.
Before she climbed in, she pulled the covers back and looked at me. "Oh they look darling on you. I hope they feel as good as they look." Then she got on her knees and elbows and leaned over and gently stroked the shorts, not in that spot that would have made me explode but on the thigh nearby it which was still nice. I had a huge tent in my shorts but she didn't say anything at all about it. I tried not to look at the cleavage she was showing me but I just couldn't help it. Her breats were hanging down because of her odd position, sort of like she was on all fours. I kept staring when she sat up and was frozen looking at the bumps her nipples made in the silk and lace cups of her nightgown. Even when you can;t see anything, the bumps are really sexy. It was pretty cold in the hotel room but maybe she was also still excited a little from the evening. Anyway, she didn't notice that I was staring even though I was obvious but she did turn over and turn off the light ending the show.
Then we settled in. The only light in the room was from outside. She had the curtains wide open and the night glow of the city was almost like candlelight in the room. I thought we'd just go to sleep but she decided to talk. "Stephen, my sweet darling, I had such a wonderful night. You were a wonderful date for me. I want to thank you for this special time together with me." I felt warm when she said that and suddenly felt her hand fumbling under the overs reaching for me. She accidentally bumped by twitching erection but she was trying to find my hand which she grabbed and squeezed. I had to respond, "I had a great time too, Mrs. Wentworth, I mean Lana. I was happy to be your date and it was night full of surprises and it made me happy to see you happy. I mean I was happy too but it's really nice and cool to know that the person, I mean that your date is happy."
I guess that was the right thing to say because she turned a little and grabbed me and pulled me close to her and gave me another nice tight kiss with our bodies pretty scrunched together. I liked that even more. My legs were bare so I could feel her nightgown against them. And the only thing between us was my layer and her layer of thin silk and satin. I'm sure she was focused on being happy but my mind was very aware of my hardness pressing into her body and the silk. I was also very aware of her soft breasts pushed against me and I swear I could feel her nipples poking my chest. I had to actually try not to explode and ruin the moment.
She let go but only after she rubbed her hands all over my back and the rest of my body, especially my butt. She said she just loved the way my new jammies felt and that was why she had her hands all over me. I just agreed and said "yeah, that feels very nice."
She rolled back over but not very far away even though it was a big bed. "I'm so glad we didn;t try to drive back to our house tonight. This is a lovely hotel and also nice to share with a friend. It's very cold though, isn't it, Stevie? It's warmer under the covers with someone else there to keep the chill away. Especially when he is my date and protector of the evening." That made me happy to hear. Suddenly though, she was back over and pressed against me, one leg over mine, not ont top of me but we were connected. She was whispering in my ear even though were were alone in a room with no one we knew within miles of us. "Stevie, honey, I just thought of something. You know this is all very innocent and we are just here because it would have been wrong to drive after having so much champagne, right? And you know that the room was a mistake, we were supposed to have two beds right? And it's a big bed so it doesn't matter because we're both mature enough to be good, right?" She didn't wait for answers and her mouth was right against my ear so her warm breath was pushing into my mind. "Stevie, I don't think we should tell your mommy. Sometimes mommies don't understand or even listen and I don't think yours cares anyway." I didn't know what she meant exactly about my mom but I don't know why she had to say "mommy" and be kind of a buzzkill to my fantasy. But she was right so I said "Of course. I mean I never told anyone about dates I had before and I am not about to start now." I didn't feel like mentioning that I hadn't had very many and none of them really included anything like this before.
She said, "I knew we agreed about this." And then she gave my ear a little kiss and a little lick and a little bit of a bite. I know she was being playful or friendly or whatever but I actually thought it was erotic and it did the opposite of talking about "mommy." That had deflated me and now I hardened right back up. The in rolling over, she dragged her leg sort of up and off me which made it rub and give a lot of friction to my hardon. I was pretty calm about it at first but I couldn't help actually groaning out loud. She didn't say a word.
Then we settled down to sleep, on our own sides but kind of in the middle. When she turned, her leg would bump me. I think we were just inches apart. I faced away from her but I could feel her moving restlessly, she was twisting and turning, trying to get comfortable I think. I didn't mind and the sound of her gown moving and rustling was kind of a cool soundtrack. I quietly rolled back the other way thinking why not stare at the beautiful woman laying by me. She was on her back with her knees up and squirming a little. She was half asleep but her side of the covers were at her waist and I think her left hand was on her breast and her other hand between her legs. I thought she probably wasn't exactly going at it but she might have been doing a little something. I never knew because right after I rolled over, she changed position and pulled the covers up. She mumbled something about being cold and backed her body into mine. The she yanwed and said "I'm freezing, maybe this will be warmer."
And that's how we went to sleep. She pressed back into me to keep warm and then pulled my arm over her body. It was warm and my hand over her and on her stomach wasn't bad. I think it helped her sleep but it kept me awake. My hand on her could feel her deep breaths as she fell asleep. Her hips moved a little but since she was pressed against me, I could feel her nightgown covered butt warm and soft against me. I was embarrassed that my hardon, rockhard now, was pressing into it. It meant that when she squirmed a little it was like a small grind. We stayed like that a while. When I whispered, "Mrs. Wentworth, are you awake still?" she didn't say anything.
I would have rolled over, probably, but our legs were tangled a bit and she sort of had my arm. I don't know why but I couldn't stop myself. When I looked over her shoulder to see her face and that she was asleep, I noticed she had my hand pressed pretty high. I was just inches away. So when we moved, a little restless adjustment, I pushed a little and my fingers ended up on her breast, she had my wrist but the fingers could move. I spread them a little and then they were on each side of her right nipple or the bump it made in her nightgown. So I closed the fingers and opened them a little to gently squeeze her nipple. It was incredible and didn't wake her up so I kept doing it like a little scissors pulling on her.
It made her a little more restless which I guess wasn't a surprise but she didn't wake. That made things worse. Her restlessness caused her butt to squirm more and I felt it. After about ten minutes of that, I stopped with her nipple caught in between two fingers tightly and my hips got tense and I had a better orgasm than any masturbation with her nightgown covered butt tight against my cock. I made a mess in my pajamas. I think most of it stayed in there but maybe some got on her nightgown. I relaxed my hips but her tight grip on my wrist meant I couldn't pull away. I also let go of her nipple, a little ashamed of myself. Not long after that she seemed to rest deeper. There was almost no squirming and I fell asleep pretty fast too. The whole situation was almost unbelievable. I had no idea what the morning would bring.