The Next Day
...KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK... I jumped out of bed startled by the pounding on my hotel room door. Completely out of it I stumbled to the door and without thinking I swung it open and saw Billy and Ana standing there. Still in a fog I noticed Billy looking down "Uh... Brad...You forgetting something?" Billy said motioning down with his eyes.
"Shit!" I said diving into the nearby bathroom. Just realizing that I passed out right after I got out of the shower last night, and in my startled state I opened the door without covering up first. Embarrassed I put on my robe and opened the door. Billy and Ana were now standing by my bed in the room.
"What's going on? What are you guys doing here?" I asked them still not completely sure where the hell here was.
"Uh, you're our ride to work today and if we don't leave in the next ten minutes you're going to make us late." Billy said "Why aren't you ready?" "Did you sleep in?" Billy asked.
"Shit I must have." I am so sorry guys, give me like five minutes and I'll meet you in the lobby." I said already starting to pull off my robe.
"OK" Ana said turning Billy towards the door but never taking her eyes off of me. I caught her eye as I grabbed my pants and she had an evil little grin on her face. I would have enjoyed that a little more had I not been in such a rush to get dressed. I raced down to the lobby still buttoning up my shirt and found Billy, Ana, and Becca all staring at me and laughing.
"What!?" I said "Let's go, do you want to be late?" I quipped as I walked past them.
We made it to the office with seconds to spare, and we made our way to the meeting room. We got some stares from a few of our fellow employees, but we didn't let that bother us as we got set up. The meeting got under way and I was able to breathe a sigh of relief. I looked over to Becca and Billy who were both smiling and shaking their heads at me; and then I looked over to Ana who had a sly little curious look on her face.
I would totally be lying if I said I heard one thing they were talking about in our meeting today. My mind was racing with so many things I thought I was going to short circuit. I sat there trying to process what had happened last night with Becca. I mean did it really happen or was it all a dream, I thought to myself. And then the embarrassment of exposing myself to Billy and Ana finally started to sink in. Although the more I thought about this the more aroused I began to get.
Bzzzz...
Becca: Whats up buddy, how you doing today?
Me: I'm ok, kind of a crazy morning. How are you?
Becca: I'm good. I slept like a baby...Soooo, did you really flash Billy and Ana this morning?
Me: Haha... yeah...Shit I was kinda hoping they wouldn't say anything.
Becca: Lol...Well don't feel too bad about it. I mean think of it this way, you were caught in an awkward situation yesterday and that turned out ok... didn't it?
Me: Yeah I guess...still embarrassing though... Can you keep a secret?
Becca: Of course
Me: I am embarrassed...but the more I think about it now it is kind of turning me on... knowing that Ana has seen all I have to offer... Is there something wrong with me?
Becca: No, defiantly nothing wrong with you. You're a voyeur and there's nothing wrong with that... If you can keep a secret I'll tell you something that'll make you feel better...
Me: You know I can! Lay it on me.
Becca: So Ana has been texting me all morning about you... All she keeps talking about is your dick.
Me: Shut up...What's she saying?
Becca: Oh no, I only agreed to tell you one secret.
Me: Really, that's how it's going to be? Fine what do I have to do to get more out of you?
Becca: Hmmmm... Oh the possibilities... 
Me: Be genital
Becca: What fun would that be?.. So have you ever played Truth or Dare?
Me: Yeah... Back in high school. Why?
Becca: Oh I just had a wicked idea that I think will make this meeting way more interesting.
Me: Well I haven't heard a damn thing these people have said so far...so I guess lets have some fun... What are you thinking?
Becca: How about I give you some dares and for everyone you complete I'll give you a truth?
Me: That's not how I remember playing... but I guess I'll play along... What happens if I refuse to complete a dare?
Becca: Hmmm... Well tell you what I'll give you three strikes. One strike for every dare you turn down.
Me: Ok, and what happens when I get three strikes?
Becca: Game over, and I don't have to give you anymore truths.
Me: Hmm... Ok deal... what's my first dare?
Becca: I'll make it easy on you for the first one. Richard is talking right now and he hates to be interrupted. I want you to interrupt him three times in the next 5 minutes.
Me: No problem!
Richard was a know it all jerk who really lived up to that Dick nickname. He thought when he spoke the whole world should shut up and listen. The only problem with that is he never shut up. Now I had no clue what he was talking about right now and frankly I didn't give a shit. I was on a mission, and I got to fuck with Richard so it was a win win for me.
"Hey Richard" I said as I grabbed my note pad. "Would you mind repeating that last part?" "You kind of lost me. Thanks." I said a little patronizing.
Richard looked pissed, but he grit his teeth and said "of course." He stared going over the slide he had just presented again, that's when I saw my second opportunity.
"Oh crap!" I said, sounding a bit winey. "Sorry Richard, but my pen is out of ink." "Does anyone have one I can borrow?" I looked over to Becca who was doing everything in her power to hold back a laugh as she held up a spare pen. I walked over and took it from her and thanked her.
Richard was really pissed now, and I was also getting some looks from my boss. I knew I had to be smart about my last disruption. Three minutes had ticked by since I got my dare, and Richard was leering at me while he continued through his slides. He was almost done and I knew I had to do something quick or I would forfeit this dare and get my first strike.
"Uh-um..." I quietly cleared my throat..."cough, COUGH..." I got a little louder.
Richard stopped talking again looking like he wanted to take a swing.
"UUUHHHHH...UUUUMMMM!!" I waived at him while pointing at my mouth. "excuse me...need some water" I coughed out as I got up and walked to the door. I looked over and winked at Becca on the way out.
Bzzzz...
My phone went off as I walked into the hallway; still laughing at myself I opened my phone.
Becca: OMG that was great. You've earned this. So Ana texted me this morning and told me saw you naked and she hasn't stopped thinking about your dick.
Me: Yeah you told me this already. What did she say about it.
Becca: Ohhh... I'm sorry that's going to cost you another dare.
Me: are you kidding me!??? You're soooo mean.
Becca: I know  ... Now I'm a little jealous that after all we went through last night together you went and gave Ana a live look at your cock... I want you to send me a picture of what she saw.
Me: That's it? Too easy
I walked into the bathroom, now way more confident than I was yesterday. I pulled out my dick and gave it a few strokes and snapped picture. I stood in front of the mirror with my pants still down around my knees as I typed out a message to Becca, and right before I hit send the bathroom door swung open and Ana was standing there.
"Shit!! Um Sorry I forgot to lock the door." Ana was just as surprised as me as she apologized saying that she should have knocked as she shut the door. I let out a laugh as I pulled up my pants and thought Ana is going to think I am some sort of trench coat wearing pervert.
Me: Soooo guess who just walked in on me while my pants were around my knees?
Becca: Well Ana just walked back into the meeting a minute ago with a huge smile on her face soo... there's no way it could have been her. I mean if she saw your junk she would be laughing not smiling right?
Me: Wow! So I guess you don't want the picture I took then... I wouldn't want you bursting out in laughter.
Becca: Hmmm... So are you forfeiting this dare???Strike 1???
Me: Oh no you don't! Here you go...
I sent the picture as I walked back into the meeting and sat down. "Are you better?" Richard asked scowling at me. "Yeah, thanks." I said like nothing had happened. Billy was up front now going over some new training material they have been testing back east.
BZZZZ...
Becca: So Ana told me that you and Billy were similar in length but you were noticeably thicker. She asked me if I thought that would make a difference...
Me: Oh??? And what did you tell her?
Becca: Oh I'm sorry did you complete another dare without me noticing?
Me: No... Ok so what do you want me to do?
Becca: Well since you're just showing your junk off to everyone I want you to expose yourself to someone else.
Me: What!???? Who?
Becca: I want you to flash Lucy.
Lucy was the personal assistant to the owner of the company. And she was smoking hot; she was about 5'9" with straight black hair that came down to the middle of her back. She had to be a D cup (I suspect they were the best money could buy), and every time I saw her there was plenty of cleavage on display. She was a huge flirt and even being that beautiful she was easy to talk to. I've had a number of lengthy conversations with her when I would call down looking for my boss or one of the owners. However even with as well as we get along and play with each other there was no way in hell I could just flash her.
Me: Umm...are you trying to get me fired? Yeah... I'm gonna have to take my first strike.
Becca: Booo. What a wimp! 
Becca: Well Billy is wrapping things up right now and we are almost done for the day. So I'm gonna give you more of a task than a dare. I want you to get Ana and Billy to go out with us tonight for drinks.
Me: That's it?
Becca: Yep... I'm thinking drinks at the bar down the street from the hotel. And since we don't have to be back here till noon tomorrow, we can stay out late and not worry about you sleeping in again...
Me: Haha...ok that's how it's gonna be? I'll send them the message right now.
Me: Hey you two, I would like to take you guys out for a few drinks tonight to apologize for this morning.
Billy: Haha... You gonna keep your clothes on?
Me: LOL, depends on how drunk I get.
Billy: Take it easy Magic Mike... Yeah we're in.
Me: Ok Billy and Ana are in.
Becca: Very good. So I told Ana I was not sure how a thicker cock felt but maybe one day I would find out...
Me: Ohhh? And how would you do that, is Tom going to have a procedure or something?
The meeting ended and I never got another text from Becca. What the hell was she talking about when she said maybe she'll find out? Eh... it had to be her teasing...Right?
"Hey Mike you ready to go?" Billy said laughing as he patted my shoulder.
"Very funny" I said "Don't get mad at me for showing Ana what a real man looks like" I jokingly said.
"I'll show you a real man" Billy said acting like he was going to gut punch me.
"You two done fooling around?" Becca said walking up to us with Ana. She said she wanted to get going so she could shower and change before we went out tonight. Not wanting to hold her up we all jumped into my car and we headed back to the hotel. We agreed to meet up in the lobby in about an hour and we all went our own ways.
I decided to shower too since I had some time to kill, and I noticed my phone was blinking when I walked back into the room. I picked up the phone and saw I had a text from Ana: she was probably letting me know that they were ready.
Ana: Just so you know that rule about keeping your clothes on was Billys idea not mine...
What the fuck... I thought. Shaking my head and putting my phone down I had to wonder what that message was all about, and then I wondered if I should reply... No she was the wife of my friend and co-worker; I wouldn't dare have a conversation like that with her. But then again Becca was the wife of my best friend and that didn't stop me from doing what I did last night. Oh man what a crazy couple of days. Going against my better judgement I decided to have some fun and reply to Ana.
Me: Haha... is that right does that mean I'll get to see you naked tonight...?
Ana: Only if I'm dared to...
Dared? What the hell was she talking about?... Shit did Becca tell her about our little game today? I mean she had been talking to her all day she said... Oh man how much did she know? How will I look her in the eye tonight? Damn it Becca!!
BZZZ
Becca: Hey buddy you ready?
Now the question was do I question Becca and see what if anything she said to Ana, or do I play along?????
Me: On my way...
Game on!
We met up in the lobby and decided to get an UBER so that no one would have to worry about driving. The bar Becca wanted to go to was only about a mile down the road. It was a pretty cool country bar that we've all been to before.
We got there around eight and for it being a Friday night the place was kind of dead. This sort of worked out for us because we had no problem finding somewhere to sit; we all agreed upon a booth that was tucked away at the far end of the dance floor but was still in close proximity to the bar. I took the liberty of getting the first round of drinks; a whiskey for me and Becca (another thing I loved about her by the way) then a beer for Billy, and a glass of wine for Ana.
We all sipped on our drinks and made some small talk about our day. We all finished our first round pretty quick, Becca and Ana offered to go and get the second round; and after a few minutes Becca sat down with a tray of about a dozen shot glasses filled to the brim. Ana was right behind her with another tray full of drinks.
"What's this?" Billy and I both asked almost simultaneously.
"Well Ana and I agreed that this party is taking too long to get started" Becca said handing me my Jack and Coke and placing a shot in front of me.
"Yes, we want to get drunk and dance" Ana said handing Billy his beer and also placing a shot in front of him.
Billy and I looked at each other and shrugged as we grabbed our shots and toasted "to getting drunk and dancing" I said before tossing back my shot.
We did this three more times before finishing up our second drink. The alcohol started to have an effect on me, and as our conversation began to turn. I got the idea that I wasn't only one it was having an effect on.
"I've got the next round" Billy said as he stood up and made his way out of the booth.
"And I need to pee" Becca said standing up. Ana and I sat there in an awkward silence for what seemed like forever.
"Hey Ana, I just want to apologize for today" I said breaking the silence. "I swear I don't normally go around flashing beautiful women" I said giving her a genuine smile.
"Well then I guess today was just my lucky day" Ana whispered in my ear as she leaned closer into me and placed her hand on my lap. I felt my cock twitch at her touch and my heart began to speed up as I felt her breath on my neck and her hand inching up my thigh.
"Oooo secrets... I want to know..." Becca said sitting back down."
"Oh, I'm sorry, did you complete a dare when I wasn't looking" Ana said winking at Becca. I turned to Becca and glared at her with narrowed eyes. While she just gave me a dumb look and shrugged.
Billy finally made his way back with the drinks and Becca was temporarily saved. Billy handed us our drinks and another round of shots. Ana wasted no time throwing back the shot and then exclaimed that it was time to dance. She grabbed me by the hand and dragged me out to the dance floor. We began to two step when I saw Becca leading Billy out to the dance floor behind us.
Ana was really cutting loose, and I could tell that the alcohol was doing its job on her. We danced around the floor for about four or five songs, switching partners every other song. We all got tired of tush pushing our way around the dance floor and decided to make our way back to the booth.
"Sooo, Truth or Dare...?" Ana said mischievously. "I haven't played that in years, and I don't think I ever played it with your twist Becca" she laughingly said.
Ana looked at the both of us and said "I have to admit after hearing about all your fun this afternoon I'm tempted to get another game going." She looked around the table with a devilish grin and said "who's in?"
The alcohol had its grip on all of us because with no hesitation what so ever we all eagerly agreed. "We need to make some rules here to keep things fair and interesting" Becca said.
"You know I let you make the rules today and they really only worked in your favor" I said giving her a teasing smile.
"Yeah but you liked it" she fired right back at me, and to be honest I wasn't going to argue that so I just shrugged my shoulders in acceptance.
"Ok first off we are going old school here, it is just truth or dare." "However, I did like the three strikes rule so three strikes and you're out of the game.
"Also I want everyone comfortable so if one person wants the game to stop we stop. Agreed? Becca said.
We all agreed and by the looks of everyone were egger to get started.
"Brad another round, and then you can get us started since you were such a good sport today" Becca said.
I returned with the drinks and another tray of shots adding one more rule to the game. "There are four shots here and you can consider these get out of jail free cards, meaning if you don't want to do a dare or tell the truth then you can take a shot, but remember no more shots no more freebies." I said. "So, Becca, Truth or Dare?"
"Truth" She said to my dismay. I decided to go with the total cliché question.
"Have you ever had a sexual fantasy about another woman?"
Becca then shocked us all when she said all the time with her most resent one being last night when I was telling her about Billy and Anas audible exploits... I glanced at Ana just in time to see her blush.
"Ok Billy Truth or Dare?" Becca asked.
Still a little caught off guard from Beccas last comment he stammered and answered Truth.
"Hmmm... Would you ever be willing to share your beautiful wife?" Becca asked.
Quickly shaking his head Billy answered no.
"Ehhhhh!!" Ana said loudly "that's one strike for you."
Becca and I looked at each other quizzically and Billy went pale. Ana went on to say "if that's the truth then how do you explain our cruise last year to Cabo?"
"Yeah Billy how do you explain that?" Becca said mockingly.
Billy accepting his strike said "I believe you only get to ask me one question."
"So... my all so sharing wife, truth or dare?" Billy asked Ana.
Giggling she replied dare.
"Ok, I dare you to go and get someone's number in the next five minutes."
Now Ana was beautiful and there was no doubt in my mind that she could walk up to just about any guy in here and say number now and they would comply, so it shocked me when Ana walked up to a cute little blonde woman that was sitting alone at the bar. It shocked me even more when after about three minutes the blonde handed her a piece of paper. Ana leaned in kissed the girl on the cheek and walked away smiling. She waived it in Billys face as she sat back down saying "Still got it".
Ana then looked at me and said "I guess you're up, what'll it be...truth or dare?"
Feeling the effects of the alcohol and the buzz I had from the game I decided to take my chances with a dare.
"Hmm... Ok Becca told me that you chickened out today when she told you to flash Lucy. Well I happen to know that she has a thing for you and would have loved that. But since she is not here, I can't give you a do over sooo... I want you to send her an embarrassing text and act like you were trying to text your wife."
"Pshhh... Piece of cake!" I said confidently as I pulled out my phone.
ME: Hey honey I'm lying here thinking about you and how much I miss your sweet ass... What are you wearing right now?
I reluctantly hit send and hoped she would not read it or blow it off. I told the group what I sent and everyone had a laugh.
"Ok Becca, truth or dare?" Becca said she wanted to have some fun so she elected to take a dare. "Well since you had me flashing everyone today, I think it's only fair that you do the same." "I dare you to flash the table"
Not expecting her to do it I thought she would take her first strike or her first shot. But before I could finish that thought Becca had her top down and her gorgeous breast on full display to us all. And without flinching she tucked them away as she asked Billy truth or dare. I started to notice a pattern with Billy, second time in shock and second time stuttering out truth.
"So Bill, tell us about this Cabo trip..." Becca said.
Without hesitation Billy grabbed a shot and took it which raised even more questions. We know Billy wasn't talking and since he was the one questioning Ana, we knew we weren't getting anything out of her. After his shot he turned to Ana and said "truth or dare?"
Ana again opted for a dare; Billy told her that he wanted her panties and she could go to the restroom to remove them. But before Billy could finish his comment Ana was hiking up her skirt and pulling her panties off right there at the table. She stared at me while she wadded up the tiny piece of fabric and sat it on the middle of the table. Smiling she asked me truth or dare? But just then my phone buzzed
Lucy: Haha... My sweet ass said thanks! Think you sent this to the wrong person Hun.
The group asked me what the text said and I reminded them that I was not obligated to share. And as I replied back to Lucy I told Ana that I would take a truth.
ME: Oh shit! I'm sorry Lucy that's so embarrassing. 
Ana told me for the rest of the game I was to read all text sent and received...Guess I didn't think that one out.
Lucy: Awww don't be embarrassed. I mean it can't be worse than flashing Ana today ;-)
I read the last three messages as I leered back and forth between Becca and Ana. So, who told her? I asked, As I typed out my next message.
ME: Ummm so you heard about that, yeah you probably think I am some sort of a perv, but it was an accident I swear.
I read my message out loud as everyone giggled.
"Ok Becca, your turn. Truth or dare?" I said in my most authoritative voice.
"Dare" she said in a submissive teasing voice.
"Anas panties are looking a little lonely up here on the table, why don't you have yours join them?" And just like Ana moments earlier Becca lifted her hips and pulled her panties off and flung them on the table. Laughing Billy said "You looked a little excited doing that.
"Truth or dare Billy?" Becca said staring at him in a sultry way.
"Dare" Billy said more confidently this turn.
Becca leaned into Billy and said "Pick up my panties and tell me if I'm excited or not..."
Billy still not breaking eye contact picked up Beccas recently discarded thong, held it just beneath his nose and inhaled. As he did so he closed his eyes in bliss and said he was right. Becca fell back laughing asking Ana what other tricks he knew. Ana laughed back and replied maybe you'll get to find out.
Bzzzz
Lucy: Not a perv... Truth be told I was a little jealous...
Oh shit!!
"Let's hear it" Ana said as she took another sip of her drink. "What's Lucy saying?"
I read the text to the group and you could see the gears turning. I knew my interaction with Lucy was far from over tonight.
"Truth or dare dear?" Billy said as he gulped down the last of his drink. The once reluctant Billy seemed to have a new found confidence as he pulled us all back to the game. Looking down at the shot tray and seeing three more sitting there he seemed ready to turn things up a little. And as if on que Ana chose a dare.
"Well I don't think it is fair that both Brad, and Becca have flashed you today and yet they have not seen what you are hiding under that bra." Billy said with a devilish grin.
With no hesitation Ana lifted her shirt allowing her perfect round tits to spill out. They were milky white with small stiff nipples. Ana left them out longer than Becca did and she even ran her hand over one gently giving one of her nipples a squeeze. And while she did this, she turned and asked me "Truth or dare?"
Caught up in the show I lustfully said dare. I caught Billy out of the corner of my eye picking up one of the shots and throwing it back. I guess he could see there were not a lot of inhibitions at the table tonight. With her breast still on full display, Ana leaned in to me and reached her free hand down to my crotch gripping my ever-hardening erection. "I dare you to send my friend Lucy a picture of this" She said kissing me on the check just before letting me go and tucking her tits away.
"No problem" I said; I mean at this point who hasn't seen my dick. I opened my phone and scrolled through my pictures and selected the picture I took for Becca last night of me holding my cock and stringing out my precum.
ME: Aww... I would never want you to be jealous.
And I hit send.
Setting my phone down I turned to Becca and said "What's it going to be my BFF, truth or dare?"
"Why slow down now?" she asked "Give me a dare"
"Well you said that you have fantasized about our sweet Ana here. So I think you should fulfill some of that fantasy and give her a kiss."
Becca picked up one of the two remaining shots and to my dismay she tossed it back, but no sooner than she sat the shot glass down she leaned over me and grabbed Ana by the back of the neck pulling her in for one of the hottest sexiest kisses I've ever seen. I had a front row seat as Ana and Beccas tongues swirled. Both moaned into each other's mouths; And after about a minute or two they broke apart panting eyes locked on each other lustfully. This was all broken up by the buzzing of my phone.
Lucy: Mmm...Ana wasn't lying when she said it looked delicious. So Rebecca told me how this works one for one right? Well here you go...
Attached was a picture of Lucy standing in front of her mirror topless. Her breast stood firm and she had dark half dollar shaped nipples that sat dead center. This was getting insane. I had the bosses PA sending me nudes, My best friend making out with a hot read head right in front of me, And I don't think there was anyone left at my company that hasn't seen my dick yet. What else was going to happen tonight and how far were we all willing to go?
The questions swirling in my head were interrupted when I heard Becca, still panting and holding the back of Anas head ask Billy truth or dare.
"Dare" Billy said in a daze and still processing what he just saw.
"I dare you to do that last shot and then take us back to your room to finish this game..."