Tuesday night meant it was time for darts. Going out on a weeknight wasn't always the easiest thing for work the next morning, but it was worth it to see Stella. Most dart nights she would be reserved and just hang out with the team, but every now and then she would give a couple of us a little something extra. Those were the nights it was more than worth the lack of sleep.
One particular night Stella had worn a more daring outfit than most other nights. She wore a leather halter top, a tight mini skirt and knee high boots. Her skirt was short enough that when she leaned forward it was clear she was wearing a black thong to complete her outfit. I am a very visual person so I was thrilled to see this outfit. I made an effort to stay where I could get a good look at her.
The pub where our team was playing that night was not busy. As the night went on, her darts were on fire and that pushed everyone. The other team put forward a lackluster effort and the match was over quickly. They didn't seem overly interested in playing. I was completely distracted watching Stella. She had a couple of beers and seemed to be getting a little loose and relaxed. I slid my seat further back and challenged her to a one on one game. She swallowed the end of another beer and accepted.
I continued to stay back as she stepped to the line. Leaning just a little forward I could see the bottom of her cheeks peeking out from the bottom of her mini skirt. When my turn came around I failed to come close to what I needed. When I turned back Stella was leaning forward searching for something in her purse. Her wonderful boobs were swaying as the halter was not holding anything in place. It was a magnificent view of her cleavage. She grinned at me as she stood up and went back to the line. We swapped turns, back and forth. I tried. I really did. I didn't stand a chance. Stella gave a little hip wiggle or had a hand slowly slide down along her side and over her hip. I was so busy looking at her I didn't realize how late it had gotten.
"The darts were great tonight, but I think I had a beer or two more than I should have" Stella walked over to where I was sitting. "Would you be willing to give me a ride home?"
I blinked. I think I forgot how to speak for a moment. "Uh, yeah, sure..."
"Great. Where are you parked?"
I paid for the beers and led Stella out. My car was just off to one side of the lot, but still relatively close to the pub. I walked beside Stella and she leaned toward me as we got close to the passenger door, "I know you were watching me tonight," she reached over and laid a hand on my shoulder.
"I couldn't help myself. You're gorgeous."
"Would you like to see more of me?" she teased the top edge of her halter down. "I could show you more if you wanted".
"Yes. Absolutely. I do want that" I told her as we stood next to the car.
"Well, you are being so gentlemanly and giving me a ride, it seems only fair." Stella reached around behind her back and released the hooks on her halter. "I want you to watch me. I want to cum for you." She pulled her halter off. She stood there, in the lot, naked from the waist up.
"I am not going to be able to drive. I'm not going to be able to do anything but watch you."
"Well," she pulled the zipper down on the back of her skirt, "I think I should really give you a show". She pulled the skirt away and set it, along with the halter on top of my car. Stella was only wearing a black thong and her knee high boots right there in the parking lot. I was super hard. I reached down and adjusted my already throbbing member.
"I like having that effect on you." Stella started sliding her hands along her sides and up over her nipples. "I want you to imagine sucking on my pink, hard nipples. Twirling your tongue around them, sucking them into your mouth and taking a little nibble with your teeth." She pinched her nipples and pushed her breasts together toward me. "I am so wet tonight".
"I'd love to see that too," I whispered.
"You naughty boy. You want me naked right here where I might get caught." Stella spun to face away from me, then slowly slid her thong down over her boots. She bent forward at the waist as she did giving me a delicious look at her amazing, round ass. Beautiful and smooth, she grasped her cheeks and showed me everything.
Standing back up and facing me she said, "I want to get more comfortable... will you let me into the car?" She pouted a little bit.
Fumbling for my keys I unlocked and pulled the car door open. Stella rubbed up against me as she moved past me to get into the front seat. She pushed the seat all the way back and laid that back down. Pulling one leg in, she left the other on the ground, leaving herself wide open. She rubbed one hand down over her clean shaven mound and slid a finger inside herself. She was so wet I could hear her finger sliding in and out. Stella moaned and her hips bucked.
"Having you watch me is turning me on." Stella kept rubbing. "I've cum once already. The chance of getting caught is just delicious too, don't you think?" Stella moaned again and started to rub faster. "I want you to cum too. Will you do that for me?" Stella's hips jerked again and she added another finger inside herself.
I looked around the parking lot. I didn't think I could see anyone. Stella was right. The energy of potentially being caught was a thrill. I pulled my shirt front out of the way and unzipped my pants. I struggled to drag my dick out just because it was so hard already. It sprang free and I shivered as the cool air hit me.
"Yes!" Stella's fingers rubbed faster and she added another finger sliding in and out.
I stepped up closer to her and started stroking my cock. This wasn't going to take long. I needed to hold out as long as I could. I wanted to keep watching her. I wanted to see her squirm.
"Show me," she demanded. "I want to watch you too". Stella added more fingers. She rubbed her hand over one of her tits and pinched the nipple.
"You are so hot," I kept stroking. "I'm going to be done too soon".
"Oh yes sweetie! Do it! I want you to splash hot cum on me." Stella was rubbing faster. She started to moan. "DO IT!"
Stella was so loud it caught me off guard. I jerked hard up against myself and felt myself start to cum. Long hot ropes shot out onto Stella for three or four solid jerks in a row. I was shaking and pulsing with my intense orgasm.
"Yes!" she slammed her fingers into herself and rubbed my cum over her naked body. Her hips jerked and her ass pulled up off the seat and slammed back down again. "Yes!"
My dick was still throbbing with my hand curled around the base of my shaft. I felt like I would be able to go again right then and there. I slowly ran my hand up and down savoring the sensation of being out in the cool air.
"You naughty boy! Look at the mess you made!" Stella licked her fingers clean. "How am I ever going to be able to put my clothes back on?" She pulled her leg up into the car. "I guess you'll just have to drive me home like this. Maybe when we get there you could help me get all cleaned up too?" Stella pouted a little bit.
"I think that's a great idea," I grabbed my pants so they didn't fall off me and headed to the driver seat not even bothering to put my dick away. I was going to be very late getting home... and I was just fine with that idea.