Normally I loved my job.
I loved the work and I loved the people I worked with.
If I had a complaint, it would be that everyone was almost too nice.
Everyone treated me as if I was the stereotypical "nice girl next door," or their "little sister." I am sure that they thought that I taught Sunday school and always wore dresses even on my days off. Admittedly, I had always been the "good girl" in school and even now at work. My friends always said that I never got in trouble and never seem to do anything bad.
I suppose everything about me must seem nice. I got married right after university, I had a nice little house, we both had good jobs, and after being married for five years, I could understand why people would think that.
Today, however, my workday could not end fast enough. Time dragged and dragged. I found that I could hardly concentrate on anything, much less work. Everyone seemed to be moving in slow motion. It seemed to take a week to get to lunch and a month later, it was still only 3:24.
In my mind, I was a million miles away. I was thinking about tonight.
Mercifully, 4:30 finally arrived and I turned off my computer and gathered my things. I was excited, almost trembling in anticipation as I started walking to the parking garage. I hoped that I wasn't being unconsciously rude to anyone because I was so distracted. I was afraid that I might have ignored my coworkers' "good nights" as I anticipated what was waiting for me in my car.
As I entered the parking garage, I caught a reflection of myself in the glass windows. At just a little over five feet, I was small. Well proportioned and in good shape though, my body was attractive but not perfect. I ran and did yoga as well as watched my diet. I don't think I am vain, but I do feel sexy when my 34 x 22 x 33 frame catches the attention of men and other women.
Occasionally I catch them, their eyes lingering for a few extra seconds on my ass or boobs, each time my pulse races and I feel myself getting damp and excited. If only they knew what I was thinking.
Today, I wore a nice summer dress, the hem just below my knees and I wore my beige boots, a nice necklace, a little makeup, and jewelry. My hair was in a loose bun and I walked with a little sway to my hips.
I smiled and said under my breath, "Just like the girl next door."
I considered myself a solid 7 or 8 but not a 10. As if the emphasize the point, under my dress, I wore my plain white bra and a pair of comfortable but plain panties. Looking at me, nobody would think anything but "nice."
My secret was hidden very well.
A secret that manifested itself randomly and not nearly enough for me. Like today, an hour after arriving at work there was a text message on my cell. It was a simple message. The message consisted of only one word but it was enough to derail my entire day... like it always did when it happened.
"Tonight."
A single word, but it was enough.
The last time had been almost two months ago, that day too, like every time it happened before, my ability to concentrate and focus on anything else was destroyed. Although the message was always the same, each time what happened that night was a surprise, was always different, and was always very bad.
That's what I was thinking about when I came to my small car in the parking garage. A simple sedan, not fancy or flashy, a practical little car, just very nice. I climbed into the driver's seat.
There it was. An envelope on the seat.
My hands were shaking a little as I closed the door.
Self-consciously I looked in both directions. The rest of the office crush was still trickling out of the elevators, cars were starting, more goodbyes were being said, and taillights were heading towards the exit ramps.
I had started the engine but had made no effort to leave the parking spot. Sweat beaded on my forehead despite the coolness inside the car. Self-consciously I brushed my hair back without thinking about doing it.
My breathing was rapid and I could feel my heartbeat racing inside my chest, I knew I was flushed and I imagined how red my cheeks and chest must be.
The envelope was sitting on the seat. The front and back of the envelope were blank.
I ripped it open with shaking hands.
A single page was enclosed with something heavier as well. I had to turn the interior light on inside the car to read it.
"Go to the Key Motel, room 7."
I dumped the object out onto my lap. It was a motel room key. The unsigned note was printed on a word processor with no clue as to who sent it or how it got into my car; it wasn't there when I parked this morning.
I knew about the Key Motel. It was on the other side of town. I had at one time it had been a cute little roadside country motel. Now it was isolated amid the retail sprawl and had seen better days. Its reputation now was decidedly less cute. I put the car in gear and drove out of the parking garage, my mind swirling wondering what lay in store for me.
I don't remember the drive, it took fifteen minutes or so and I passed through an endless number of traffic lights. All the while, my mind drifted back to other nights when I had received the same message. I wondered what awaited behind the door in room 7. Last time it had been room 12 in the Starlight Motel and route 80, what a night that had been. Could tonight be better, the heat between my thighs increased at the thought? Absentmindedly, I never noticed my free hand caressing my breasts through the dress.
People joked The Key was rented by the hour for quickie rendezvous' or by hookers. As I pulled into its parking lot, I could believe it. The faded paint, the sign that advertised X-rated movies in each room. I parked the car, locked it, unconsciously counted the rooms, and then headed towards number 7.
I opened the door with the key and the darkness beckoned.
Inhaling, I could detect a faint odor of perfume, and the unmistakable scent of sex, both sensations drew me into the room.
Searching and finding a light switch I was rewarded with what I expected, mirrors on the ceiling, and around the bed that dominated the room.
Everything in the room screamed 1970's décor with wood paneling and old, not antique furniture. The only thing new was a huge TV mounted to the wall that had a webcam attached to it. A sign hung beside it... "Make your own porn... video rentals $50 per night."
A package sat on the bed wrapped in the plain white paper.
Laying next to the box was a receipt for $50 with a password hand-written on the bottom. Someone had already positioned a camera in the corner on a tripod; I didn't have to check to know where it was pointing.
"Interesting," I said to the empty room in a voice that betrayed my excitement. I sat down on the bed with my knees together and reached for the package, my heart racing again and my palms were sweaty.
The package was about twice the size of a shoebox. I ripped open the packaging and let it fall to the floor. With more than a little nervousness, I took the top off and peered into the interior.
The first thing I found was a pair of open-toed heels with intricate thin black leather straps. These shoes were incredible; I had never seen a real pair of stilettos before. The heels must have been 5 inches. I have never had a set of shoes so sexy and slutty before.
I slipped off my plain but comfortable work shoes. I ran my fingers along the long hard spike that was the heel with my eyes closed. My hands trembled a little, I slipped one of the stilettos on - it was my size. I stood, teetering on one heel feeling almost intoxicated with the wantonness of the shoes. I loved what wanting to wear them implied about me as a woman.
Gingerly I slipped the second one on and walked the length of the room. I rarely wore shoes with heels, and never shoes with these extreme heels. I felt so sexy as I got more comfortable walking. I began to exaggerate the sway of my hips and the movement of my body. I wanted to walk around outside, to show off, to show other people how sexy I felt, but I knew that there would be time enough very soon.
Eager to see what else was in the box, I slipped the stilettos off, excited to see what else was waiting for me.
Next was a small black dress, a very small black dress, an extremely small black dress. It was strapless and as tiny as I was. Looking at it, it looked like it was even too small for me.
The fabric was soft and silky as I held it to my body it made the attractive but very tame dress I was wearing look boxy and so unsexy. Holding the dress to the light, I noticed there were glittery sequins woven into the material and they softly sparkled. The fabric was so thin I imagined it would be like wearing nothing at all.
Even more eager to see what else was in the box I set the dress down on the bed and had to consciously force myself to stop shaking.
I reached into the package again, a sixth sense telling me that I would not find what was on my mind. Sure enough, using my hands to search, there was no bra or panties in the box.
I was not disappointed; in fact, I think I would have been disappointed had I found them. The thought of wearing that silky dress with my pussy and ass virtually exposed made a small moan pass over my lips as I subconsciously bit my lower lip.
Looking inside again, my hands found something that felt like leather.
A black leather collar emerged from the box. It was the thickest collar I had ever seen; it looked just like a big dog collar, which later I found out was exactly what it was. About an inch wide with raised silver studs, it had a silver buckle in the back and a silver loop in the front for a leash to attach.
"OMG," I thought, "All of this was so slutty, I loved it, this was so not me."
I squeezed my legs together relishing the possibilities. I noticed a small silver tag attached to the collar. The inside of my thighs was already slippery and I could feel that my panties were drenched.
I noticed a coil of silver linked chain about four or five feet long with a clip for the collar that made me softly moan aloud as I ran it through my fingers.
I looked at the inscription on the tag and read the words aloud, "Fuck me hard."
This time there was no mistaking the very loud and long moan that filled the room. I needed to be naked but more importantly, I needed to be fucked and fucked hard. The inscription was appropriate.
Looking back into the package, I retrieved some silver bracelets, and rolling around in the bottom of the box was some blood-red lipstick, eyeliner, blush, and a few other bits and pieces of makeup. Then I noticed another small box taped inside the larger box so it wouldn't move around.
I pulled the tape off and opened the smaller box. An electric hair clipper, shaving cream, and a razor were tucked inside, along with a note.
I unfolded the note.
"Remove your work clothes and put on the robe hanging in the bathroom. Some food will be arriving shortly, eat. Then have a shower and shave yourself completely. Then get dressed in only the clothes provided. My eyes lingered on the underlined word. Then I read the read of the note.
"You will be picked up 90 minutes after the food arrives by someone who will knock on the door 6 times. Go with them."
The note was printed the same way as the one I read in my car, unsigned and written on a word processor.
Forcing myself, I took a deep breath and walked into the washroom. I reached around the door and noticed hanging on the door was a small terry cloth robe, it looked smaller than the dress. Standing in front of the mirror, I took off my necklace, my watch, and undid my ponytail. Shaking my head, my blonde hair had a nice tousled look, like it did after my husband made love to me. I reached slipped the dress off and looked at my plain bra and panties.
"These have to go," I smiled to myself in the mirror.
Undoing the front clasp, I involuntarily sighed as I released my small breasts. There were small but extremely sensitive. I closed my eyes as my hands automatically cupped them and then rolled my nipples with my thumbs and forefingers. I stood like that for several minutes, savoring the electricity I was generating and watching my nipples harden in my reflection.
I knew if I did it long enough I might even orgasm, especially tonight.
I could feel the wetness and heat accumulating between my legs but I knew that I had to get ready. I smiled to myself and noticed the flush on my skin. Forcing myself, I pulled my panties down over the flair of my ass and then down my legs. Bringing them up to my face I inhaled the scent of my sex and noticed how soaked they were, I smiled and said to my reflection, "This is nothing, wait until later."
I was just inhaling the scent of my arousal when I heard a vehicle pull up in front of my motel room. I grabbed the robe as I heard a door slam and I got up and peeked out the window. It was a guy delivering a pizza.
I struggled to get the robe to cover my naughty bits. He started to knock as I hurriedly wrapped as much of myself as possible with the robe and fumbled with the tie. As it was, it barely covered my pussy and maybe was an inch lower than the bottom of my ass; the tie only closed the robe enough just to cover my nipples leaving most of my boobs in full view. I looked through the peephole.
I couldn't make out his features at first, but his body looked to be in good shape and he filled out his jeans nicely. He knocked on the door again and I opened it smiling. His eyes just about fell out when he saw me and it wasn't long before I noticed a bulge in his pants.
"Here's your pizza order," he replied, I could feel his eyes on me. There was nothing subtle about his gaze. His stare was almost a physical presence.
"How much do I owe you?" I asked.
"It's all been paid for, including a big tip, I hope you get as big a tip," he said smiling and he whistled softly as he left.
I could feel little jolts of electricity between my thighs.
I couldn't wait to finish getting ready.
I thought about his leering, for a second I had seriously thought about letting the robe come open and give him a real show. I didn't though, that wasn't part of my instructions. I closed the door before I let the robe open; I shrugged my shoulders and it dropped to the floor.
I was starving; I opened the pizza box and ate a slice.
There was a diet pop as well.
Sitting quietly I ate two pieces and finished off the pop before closing the lid and heading to the bathroom.
Now I needed to get ready. I took the shaving cream and razor and sat on the edge of the tub.
Running the hot water, I shaved my legs, enjoying the sensation of the razor along my skin. Shaving always excited me; the feeling of being smooth was one of my oldest fetishes. My legs, pussy, and even my eyebrows were always bare. None of my old boyfriends had ever complained before nor did my husband now.
Finishing my legs, I ran my hand along with the smoothness and shivered. Even though I always kept my pussy bare, I shaved it again as well to make it as smooth as possible. My mind drifted a little and I wondered why there had been an electric clipper in the box.
The words from the letter ran through my mind, "... Shave yourself completely bare," I wondered.
I toweled myself off and walked back to the bed and reread the letter.
"No way," I thought.
"How could I explain that at work?"
"How would I explain that to my family?"
My pulse had sped up to the point I could feel it beating.
"I couldn't... could I?" my knees almost got wobbly just thinking about it.
"I looked at the clippers; there were no attachments for adjusting the length of the cut, only the metal.
Almost robotically, I watched my hand reach out for the clippers; I turned and walked back to the washroom. Finding an outlet, I plugged the cord in.
I stood and looked at myself in the mirror; my blonde hair was shoulder-length, still slightly tousled.
I looked at the clippers in my hand, remembering my deepest, darkest fantasies, to be completely hairless; I had only ever told my husband this desire. My girlfriend in college had shaved her head and I had loved touching it when we kissed.
Many quiet nights had been spent together loving each other and although she had only done it a few times, each time had always made me desire her even more. My solo fantasies often revolved around having my own head shaved, the feeling of being that naked always resulted in an intense orgasm.
My thumb pushed the button to on and I groaned as the electric sound filled the room, I swear my shaved little pussy was almost dripping.
"Fuck it," I murmured.
I hesitated for another second and then before I could change my mind I reached up and ran the clippers through the center of my hair. Blonde hair was replaced by a deep furrow of stubble and I noticed my nipples were so hard they ached. Again and again, the clippers cut through my hair, blonde tresses fell to the floor in a growing pile.
"OMG, what am I doing," I said over and over again, but I did not or could not stop. Caught up in the heat that I felt, I could feel myself shivering in excitement, there was no way to stop now and in less than five minutes my long blonde hair was just a pile on the floor, my scalp covered by stubble less than an eighth of an inch long.
"This won't do," I said to myself.
I reached for the shaving cream and before I knew it, my head was covered in a thin coating of white. Then I was running the razor over my scalp. The stubble disappeared replaced by the increasingly shiny reflection of my shaved and now very smooth head.
It took several minutes, and with each stroke, my excitement was tempered with panic about what I was doing, but despite that, it wasn't enough to stop.
When the stubble was gone, I stopped and looked in the mirror, transformed, I almost didn't recognize myself.
I couldn't help myself, my fingers found my soaking pussy and within seconds my body was wracked with a powerful orgasm, there was no turning back.
The fear I felt about having to explain my shaved head at work was more than balanced by the excitement that now crackled through my body at being completely hairless and nude. I had been drawing my eyebrows for a long time and now that my scalp was exposed, my entire essence wanted nothing more than to be completely sexual. Drunk on the electricity flowing through my body, how I would explain everything was the furthest thing from my mind.
I had lost all track of time I now realized that I barely had enough time to finish. Leaving the hair where it had fallen I turned on the shower and stepped into the steaming water. I soaped and washed, paying particular attention to my pussy and ass. I hoped whatever the night was going to bring that both those areas would get a lot of attention. Letting the water stream over me, I tried not to anticipate too much, I wanted whatever might happen to be a complete surprise.
I almost reached for the shampoo out of habit and laughed to myself, running my fingers over my now smooth scalp and feeling so completely naked, so much more naked than I had ever felt before.
Toweling myself off, I walked nude to the mirror by the bed and applied the makeup that was in the box. I applied my eye makeup and the rest carefully.
All the while, my eyes were fixed on my baldhead I was captivated.
Finishing with the blood-red lipstick, now made up I didn't recognize myself in the mirror.
Next was the collar that made my knees weak when I buckled it into place. The black dress slipped onto my body as tight as a second skin, I had to wiggle and twist to get it into place, the thin material doing nothing to hide the erectness of my nipples, and even the bumpiness of my areola was visible in the shimming thin fabric. The thin tight material conformed to my body like my own skin.
I finished with the bracelets and a small ankle bracelet that I hadn't seen during my first inspection.
I told myself not to forget the leash, but I still had much to do first. The feeling of submissiveness the leash represented caused me to tremble with the thought of being collared and leashed in front of other people.
I looked into the mirror, the good little girl from next door was nowhere to be seen, replaced by a wicked-looking bald slut. The hem of the dress was so high, that the slighted movement revealed either the bottoms of my ass cheeks or exposed the lower part of my pussy, as it was the cool air in the motel room that made me feel like I was naked.
Then I spied the stiletto's, sitting on the bed, I could feel my ass completely in contact with the bedspread, I lifted myself for a moment and smiled at the wet mark my pussy had left on the bed. I reached down and slipped one and then the other onto my feet, adjusting the straps.
I stood, now several inches taller, strutted, and practiced walking around the room. After several minutes, as long as I didn't move too fast, I was able to re-establish the sway of my hips and after a few more minutes, I was comfortable and confident.
I was practicing a little more when the door knocked, one, two, three, then silence.
I walked to the door and looked out the peephole again; a finger blocked it. I was going to ignore the knocking when I saw the knob turn.
"Fuck," I had forgotten to lock it.
The Key Motel ironically was so old that the doors did not automatically lock unless you locked them manually and I had accidentally left it unlocked since the pizza guy left. I put my shoulder against the door, but at 105 pounds in stilettos, I might as well have not done anything.
"Come on let us in, you know you want to," I recognized that voice. For the first time, I felt real fear. It was the last person I had seen today, the pizza delivery guy.
As I tried pushing the door more, he applied some more pressure and the door opened. I heard the murmur of more voices he was not alone. More panic struck me, I had been expecting someone to pick me and take me out for a night on the town. I hadn't expected to be subject to this, the fear in my mind was very real given the way the pizza guy had leered at me, especially since now he wasn't alone.
He entered the room, followed by at least four other guys, all about his size but ranging in age from his age to guys who looked to be in their forties or fifties.
I tried pushing him out but he held my wrists and he put his hand over my mouth. "Don't even try to scream bitch," he said, "You don't come to The Key if you aren't looking for sex, so don't try to pretend that you're not, besides you look like a pro anyway."
"WTF, you didn't say she was bald," one guy piped up and several others agreed.
"She wasn't when I dropped off the pizza" he turned back to me, "look at the way you are dressed," and he ran his hand over my smooth head, "And, you didn't shave your head for choir practice, no I would say you aren't going to scream, you want this, am I right?"
Another new guy entered the room, that made six and they were all twice my size. I only recognized the pizza guy as the last guy closed the door; my heart was beating even faster as I heard the lock latch.
The pizza guy waited for my answer and surprising them and me, I think, as I slowly nodded my head up and down, I could not make my mouth work to answer him aloud, all of those lessons from my mother echoing in my mind, if only she could see her prim and proper little girl now. I knew I was going to be ravished and knew I couldn't wait.
My thoughts were broken by a comment, "Wow, I've never had a bald chick before," one said.
"You were right, she is hot, and look at the shoes," another said.
"Fuck the shoes, look at her ass and her pussy, both of them just hanging out there, waiting to be taken," the pizza guy said.
"She must be a whore, who else do you think would dress like such a slut," the pizza guy added.
I didn't respond, I had begun the day thinking it would be just a regular day, I lived for these adventures and planned or not planned I desired the crude talk, the impending ravishing, and of being so far outside my regular nice shell, I couldn't stop myself.
I felt all of their eyes on me as they crowded around me.
The room wasn't very big and they seemed to close in around me more with each passing second.
"Look at those nipples, I'll bet she is just looking to be gangbanged," another said.
Check her pussy, she if she is wet," another added as their hands started to touch me.
It hadn't occurred to me to scream or run, the thought puzzled my brain for a split second as I felt a calloused finger between my legs, I felt myself wrap around him as the wetness betrayed me and allowed his fingers easy access into my body.
"Holy fuck is she wet, I think she was waiting for someone to come and fuck her," the finger guy said.
"Lucky we were in the neighborhood," another laughed.
"Well, let's not keep this lady waiting,"
"She's no lady, look at what her dog tag says, "Fuck Me," well we are not going to disappoint her, and especially not dressed like this, let's get busy," several of them seemed to say at once.
I felt more hands on my body, groping, exploring, rough hands, and different hands. The pizza delivery guy was kissing me, his roughness smearing my lipstick and his hands cupping my breasts. Other hands were on my ass, separating my cheeks. Still more pinched and pulled on my tits through the think material.
I could feel the hot breath of someone near my pussy, fingers stroking every inch of my butt. Then I felt a tongue on my pussy and I inhaled as it discovered my little clitty and made me squirm to its touch. I felt another tongue behind me, the hands that were separating my cheeks had made space for a tongue, which was roughly searching for my asshole, finding it, rimming it, and driving me wild.
The sound of fabric tearing was masked by their snickering and breathing, the little black dress was torn from my body and a dozen hands explored every inch of me. I knew what was going to happen and I am not sure who wanted it more, them or me. Right now, it seemed to be an even race.
The ravishment continued for several moments, I felt myself being lifted off my feet and being laid onto the bed, my stilettos being removed.
Someone laughed, "God without those shoes, she is a foot shorter," then I felt lips and a tongue on my toes.
"Mark, what are you doing to her feet?"
"I have a thing about feet, plus you guys are hogging her," was the reply.
I moaned because of what Mark was doing, I had never had anyone suckle my toes before and it felt amazing, especially in light of what everyone else was doing.
The pizza guy was still kissing me but he was the only face I saw, Mark was sucking my toes, whoever was eating my pussy was good at it, I was disappointed bum guy was missing, but I figured it was only a matter of time before I could expect him or someone else to rediscover my ass.
Several of them were now removing their clothes, and they were devouring me with their eyes, lips, tongues, fingers, and soon their cocks. I knew I was the main course for their appetites.
Laying on my back, sideways across the bed, I felt something warm on my forehead and looked up to see a cock, whoever it was sliding himself across my head, the skin on skin contact only added to my fever. The pizza guy saw what was happening and pulled and pushed me a few more inches towards the edge of the bed, I opened my mouth and I felt the guy place his cock in my mouth. I tilted my head to allow him better access. I eagerly took him deep into me.
With my tongue and my teeth, I let him push deep down my throat, using my teeth I lightly raked him feeling the veins on his cock; I could feel his excitement as I tried not to gag. Tightening my mouth, I felt him on the inside of my cheeks as he pushed in and pulled out. He thrust in and out, each time getting more excited and I did my best to serve him completely.
"God, guys her mouth feels better than a pussy, she is a great little cocksucker," he continued to fuck my face while his hands gripped and stroked my baldhead. I reached up with my hands and cupped his ass, which encouraged him even more.
"We are all going to find out how she gives head, aren't we guys," several voices spoke out in agreement as the guy going down on me found just the right spot.
"OOhhmmmygggoooddd," I managed to mumble with my mouth full of cock as I twisted and shivered, pussy guy knew my combination and his tongue danced around my clit, my full attention shifted to what he was doing and within a minute or two he had me teetering on the very edge of pleasure.
Pussy guy really did know what he was doing because he managed to work one of his fingers to my ass and began rimming my tight little rosebud and that was enough. My back arched and I shook uncontrollably as a massive orgasm shook me. He continued for several more seconds' as aftershock as aftershock rumbled through me. Finally, he relented when my sensitivity finally drove me out of my mind and made me scream.
"Do you think we should be careful not to make her scream?" somebody asked, it might have been the toe guy Mark, but I really couldn't tell.
Another piped up, "No way, make her scream and shout, I am pretty sure nobody is going to complain, least of all her," and then he added to me, "What do you think slut?"
With a mouthful of cock, it was hard to answer, but I said, "Make me scream boys, make me scream until I can't talk or walk anymore."
"See boys, this bitch wants us to fuck her and use her," the Pizza guy said.
The cock was pulled out of my mouth for a second and I had enough time to say, "Whoever just ate me, whoever you are, that was fantastic, I want you inside me," I felt his tongue pull away from me."
"Yes ma'am," a voice replied, and I sensed pussy guy straighten and then watched him position himself at the entrance to me, he paused for a moment and looked at the pizza guy, the pizza guy nodded, and then I felt like I was being split in two. He must have had the widest cock I had ever felt trying to fuck me because once he began pushing into me, I swore he was wider than he was long and I had never felt as full.
"God she's tight," he grunted and I spread my legs wider as he filled me up.
The pizza guy said, "Billy with that monster I'm surprised you even got it into her, fill her up."
Billy continued to push deeper and deeper into me, I moaned and struggled to accommodate him, I couldn't believe how big he was and how incredible he felt inside me. Meanwhile the cock in my mouth was starting to shiver and I felt him tense.
"Swallow me, you little bitch," he announced just as his cock erupted into my mouth. He spurted once, then twice with hot sticky cum into my mouth, onto my lips, and all over my face. Then he was gone. It only took a second or two and he was replaced by another cock.
I barely had time to register the second cock in my mouth when I felt Billy's balls slapping my smooth pussy, like his cock, they were huge. Bill rested there a moment and then pulled almost all of the way out of me before refilling me in one massive push.
"OOOOHHHH FFFUUCCKK," I screamed, even with the cock in my mouth.
"Way to go, Billy," another voice said as I screamed again and then he did it over and over and over again until I finally lost track, each time feeling fuller than the time before, being driven wild with the sensations and attention, and filling the room with my screams.
I felt a warm feeling on my tits as two of the guys who hadn't had a turn yet were masturbating onto me. Only adding to my sluttiness, their cum felt warm on my skin and I felt them using their fingers to rub it around my nipples.
Billy was big, but it didn't take him long to cum himself, when he's pushed deep into me one last time. I felt the hotness as he ejaculated inside me and then he lay on top of me for a moment before pulling out of me and moving away from the bed. I felt hollowed out. His cum flowed freely out of me as he withdrew and left my pussy widely dilated.
The next guy appeared at my feet and took one look at me and said, "Fuck Billy, look what you did,"
"Quit your whining Jon, she'll be fine soon, she was just "Billified", fuck her ass while you wait," Billy said from the chair that he was sitting in and watching.
I did feel stretched, Billy had been so big, but I knew I wouldn't stay stretched for long but since my mouth was full of cock, I really couldn't tell Jon that.
Jon said to the guy fucking my face, "Stop for a second and let her get turned around," and then he told me, "Hey, turn around so I can fuck your ass," he wasn't nasty or polite, just very matter of fact. It kind of turned me on, that not single one of them seemed interested in my name. I was just a slut toy to them.
The guy in my mouth pulled out for a moment and they helped me get turned around so I was on all fours, that was the first time I noticed the video camera and that the TV was on with me on it. It showed Jon getting ready to fuck my ass and the guy shoving himself into my mouth, Billy in the chair, and the other three naked guys watching me.
I had barely a moment to take all of that in when I felt someone, Jon I guess, put his mouth on my ass. His tongue was working magic on my ass as were his fingers. Having my ass eaten was something I had only thought about in my dirtiest dreams. The feeling of his tongue penetrating me made me moan and buck almost continuously.
I could still feel cum dripping out of my sloppy stretched pussy from Billy and then I felt the bed tilting slightly as Pizza guy slid upside down under my tummy. He squirmed around a bit and used a pillow to position himself so he could eat me.
The pizza guy nuzzled up between my legs from underneath and I am sure got more than a little of Billy's cum in his mouth but he didn't seem to mind and neither did I. The guy in my mouth grunted and pulled out spraying my face and my baldness with his cum.
It seemed like there was tons of cum and then I felt him rubbing it into my skin and all over my face.
I inhaled deeply as Jon's tongue penetrated my ass and I screamed again as both he and the pizza guy licked and ate me from different ends.
Billy said, "Jon, that is hot, but I want you to fuck her ass, here use this," and I heard a snap as Jon opened a tube of lubricant that Billy must have tossed to him.
Jon's hands were rubbing all over my ass and the Pizza guy said, "Hey watch out," as Jon must have rubbed lube on his face.
"Sorry, but it is a tight space,"
Billy laughed, "It's not as tight as it was."
The pizza guy slipped his tongue deep inside me as Jon rimmed my ass with his fingers coating me inside and out with the lube.
Everyone kind of stopped except the Pizza guy to watch Jon, who put his cock at the entrance to my ass, meanwhile, the Pizza guy was going to town.
Another guy was standing in front of me holding his dick, I opened my mouth again as Jon pushed, I took one cock into my mouth as Jon's cock fought the resistance of my sphincter, another wonderful cock filled my mouth and Jon pushed harder into my ass, grunting once, twice, and just kept going.
I moaned, felt a moment of pain, and then very intense pleasure as Jon's cock slipped into my well-lubricated ass. Below me, the pizza guy had his tongue and face buried in my pussy.
I felt like every nerve ending in my body was alive and firing at the same time.
Time seemed to have stopped for me and the feeling of electricity drove me wild with excitement. Then I felt the pizza guy withdraw his tongue and I could have screamed at him for interrupting my pleasure. My disappointment was short-lived as he moved around underneath me, there wasn't much room, but as he moved his lips came in contact with my cum covered nipples which he cleaned with his tongue and lips. He moved some more and I moaned when I realized what he was trying to do.
Jon was now jackhammering away at my ass and whoever was in my mouth almost made my teeth rattle as he fucked my mouth. I felt the pizza guy place his cock at the now normal size opening of my cunt.
The pizza guy easily slipped into me and started to fuck my pussy. The feeling of a cock in my ass AND in my pussy was too much and my body twisted, flexed, and stiffened all at the same time as another orgasm rocked me. I wasn't human anymore, I felt like a wild animal, I only existed at this moment, nothing else mattered and I gave myself completely to the sex and pleasure I was experiencing.
It was too much for Jon and he filled my ass with cum which dripped and oozed out of my ass onto Pizza Guy's cock.
"Wow, that is so wild," Billy, said, and other voices joined in agreement.
"Look at Mark coming in her mouth at the same time."
Mark's cock was halfway down my throat when he came and I managed to swallow it all and even kept sucking him after and I could feel him starting to harden again but I was cut short by another man pulling Mark away from me.
"Come on man, I want her to suck my cock too and I soon had another cock in my mouth. When Jon withdrew my now sloppy ass, I immediately felt another cock pushing into now loosened back door.
The pizza guy was coming and everything was just becoming a blur of sucking and fucking.
I vaguely remember having at least two, more guys double penetrate me at the same time and I remember feeling sticky and covered with cum from all of the guys. Billy wanted to fuck my ass too, but the Pizza guy convinced him just to fuck my cunt again and then suck his dick afterward, which I did.
At some point, my body finally had enough and I collapsed into a naked heap on the bed, sound asleep with my ass and pussy exposed. The pizza guy said afterward that at least two more of them fucked me before being drawn to the video screen where the other guys were watching a recording of everything from the first fuck until I passed out.
At some point, I reawoke and I remember Billy getting dressed and saying goodnight to the guys but I drifted off again. The next thing I knew pizza guy was looking down at me.
I had no idea what time it was.
My body was sore and caked in cum. Taking stock, even before opening my eyes, I could feel cum leaking from my pussy, my ass, and running my tongue around my lips, all I could taste was cum. The pillow even felt wet than then I remembered that my hair was gone.
"Hey there, I was worried you wouldn't wake up before I left," a familiar voice said.
I groaned a little and then rolled onto my side, propping myself up with one arm, I opened my eyes at the same time.
"Hi," I said in a quiet voice.
I imagined my makeup was gone and what wasn't gone would be smeared everywhere. My pussy throbbed and my ass felt dilated and my jaw was sore. "How do you feel?" the voice said.
I considered how I felt, how I had been fucked silly for what seemed like forever, how I shaved my head, how at least six men had used me.
"Wonderful," my voice barely audible as I realized how parched my throat was, despite all of the fluid that had passed over my lips.
"You were amazing, each of the guys said you had sucked them all at least once, a couple of them twice, all of them fucked you, and everyone except Billy fucked your ass too.
"Who were they?" I asked.
"Some friends, you don't know them. I had told them we were going to have a little fun tonight, and they were game," he said smiling. "I thought six of us would be good."
As he said that, he handed me a glass of water that he must have anticipated I would need, I had no idea how long he had been watching me sleep.
I took a long swallow, the water mixed with the cum in my mouth and on my lips, but I swallowed like I had all night.
"Where did everyone go?" I asked
The last of them left about 10 minutes ago, they all kind of trickled out in the past hour, it was getting late and all of them needed to get back to their wives.
"They were married?" I said.
"All of us are," he said matter of factly, that's how I know they won't say anything."
"What about you, is your wife waiting for you?" I smiled looking up at the still naked pizza guy.
Before he answered, I noticed that his foot seemed to "clink" on something. "No, she knows where I am," he said smiling as well.
"Would she approve of the gangbang you organized with five of your friends, all of whom fucked me in every possible way, sometimes all at once?"
"You tell me if you approve," he said running his fingers over my baldhead.
I leaned over and kissed my husband on the lips, "Yes I approve and I can't wait to see what the next thing you plan is like.
After we kissed, he bent over and retrieved the silver chain that must have gotten knocked on the floor and missed by everyone.
"Hmmm, we can use this another time," he smiled, ran his hand over my baldhead, and then kissed me long and hard again.
"Get some sleep, I'll see you at home later," then he got up turned and smiled again, then opened, locked, and closed the door as he left.
I heard his vehicle start-up and pull away from my room. I closed my eyes and I am sure I was asleep before he was even a block away.