With apologies to Lewis Carroll
Hi, it's me again. If you read Chapter 1 of this series you know by now my name is Amanda and that I was a prudish, mousy, 28-year-old accountant working as an assistant credit manager in a very mundane distribution business. I know that sounds terrible, but it really wasn't all that bad. I was well paid, liked the company I worked for and the people I worked with, and was generally satisfied with my life—except for one detail. My sex life sucked. I had been briefly married to a guy who dumped me for his gay legal assistant. A few years later the fundamental problem was that I just wasn't getting any and was clueless about how to remedy that problem.
You also know that my sister, Jolene the ex-stripper, was on a campaign ever since my divorce to broaden my sexual horizons. She had convinced me to take a trip to Mexico with her, her oversexed husband, Larry, and various of her in-laws. Wow! Was that trip an eye-opener. I learned a lot about sex and a lot about myself, including that I liked watching and being watched and a few other things. For all the salacious detail you will just have to read Chapter 1.
Now I was sitting on an airplane headed back to Chicago. Most of the week in Mexico I had not bothered with a bra or panties, wearing instead a bikini or a flimsy sundress with nothing beneath it. Spending the week as close to naked as I could get away with had been one of the unexpected features of my vacation. As we flew back to the frozen north (a.k.a. Chicago) my dishwater blonde hair was tied in a ponytail, and I was wearing jeans and a T-shirt. I was also wearing my usual serviceable undergarments. I had a warm sweater in my carryon bag as I expected it to be cold in Chicago (it's always cold in Chicago in late March). The warm sun was one of the benefits of going to Mexico (but not the principal benefit, as it had turned out). But now I was headed right back to where I had started from before Mexico—cold, no sex, and wearing the same frumpy clothes I had been wearing when I flew down there. I didn't like that; not any of it. Kind of wished I could stay in Mexico—mostly naked in the warm sun—but I guess everyone wishes that on their way home.
It was a long ride, and it gave me time to do a lot of thinking. My overall conclusion was that I had been missing out on a lot with my prior approach (or perhaps non-approach) to sex. Yeah, sure, I had been masturbating a bunch since my marriage blew up, but, while in Mexico, I had discovered that it was a lot better to actually experience the sex than to just imagine it while I masturbated. I also 'fessed up to myself that I was a bit of an exhibitionist. I had loved flaunting my body, barely concealed beneath a flimsy sundress in front of Larry, his brother Art, and his father Mel. It was such a turn on, especially since I had to be careful not to offend Art and Larry's conservative mother. Their wives found the whole thing amusing, but Mom, not so much. So was the mutual masturbation I had engaged in with Larry all week, especially in the public or semi-public places we did it.
Oh and then there was the out-and-out fucking with Larry that had occurred the day before we left. Damn, that was good, and it helped that I knew Art was watching us through a door that was open just enough for him to see in. Until I got too carried away with the sex, I was playing to Art as much as I was to Larry. (Yeah I know. I was screwing my sister's husband, but she had told me it was okay. They had that kind of relationship.) That was absolutely the best fucking sex I had ever had.
So now the question was, where to from here? I wasn't going back to being the mousy little accountant I had been before Mexico. Of course I knew that next day when I got to work I would look just as dull and drab as I always had, but that was going to change, and I knew just the person to help me—Jolene.
I spent the first few days after I got back trying to catch up on all the work that had piled up while I was gone. There are some jobs where the notion of a vacation is a bit of a myth because no one does your work while you are gone. They just grumble about the work being late when you get back. My job was one of those, so I put in some long hours the first four days back. By Friday morning I felt close enough to caught up to hazard a lunch hour, so I called Jolene and asked her to lunch. I wanted to talk to her about how to continue what I had been doing in Mexico.
We met at a little place next door to her flower shop (yes, she's an ex-stripper who now owns a flower shop. Go figure.) I was already seated when she came charging in, even more of a bundle of energy than usual. She was wearing tall heels, dark tights and a very short skirt that just nodded to the notion of a dress. Her big boobs were bulging out of the low cut sweater she was wearing. These were her flower selling clothes. I'd seen them before, and I had seen the clothes and Jolene in action, selling flowers to men feeling guilty about something they had done or not done to or for their wives. Amazingly successful!
Per her instructions I had already ordered a glass of wine for each of us. Jolene took a long pull on her wine and then launched into what she really wanted to know.
"Well, how was he? He said you were great."
"You mean Larry?" I asked.
"Of course I mean Larry. Have you fucked anyone else recently?"
"Menu first Jolene. Let's get our order in and then we can talk. I still have to work this afternoon."
"Come on Amanda. I eat lunch here at least three or four days a week. I have the menu memorized." Then over her shoulder to the approaching waiter, "Andre, I'll have my usual, and bring one for my sister here. Oh, and one more glass of this wine for each of us."
"Good choice on the wine, Amanda." She took another long drink that pretty much polished off the glass I had ordered for her. Mine was about gone too, but I had been sitting there sipping it for fifteen minutes while I waited for her.
I blinked. "What did I just order?" I asked. Then I smiled at her, "It'd better not be liver and onions." That had been our father's favorite dish, which he forced on Jolene and me almost monthly throughout our childhood. We both detested it.
She laughed hard enough to make her big tits bounce. "You ordered Quiche Lorraine and a cup of tomato basil soup. . . . Oh, and another glass of this tasty wine. Good choice little sister."
I don't normally drink at lunch, but I figured one glass would help, given that the topic of this lunch was going to be my sex life, or the lack thereof, and what to do about it. A second glass had not been in my plan.
"So, now that the menu is all taken care of, how was Larry?"
"I figured he would have already told you how it went," I said trying to duck the question. I really didn't want to talk about fucking my sister's husband in this tiny little restaurant.
"Of course he did," she said. "But I want to hear your version. Was he as good as I told you he would be? He claims he drove you wild, but he always claims that."
"Oh god, yes," I said, with a smile. Actually it was closer to a shit-eating grin. I could feel my legs spreading apart beneath the table as I thought about it.
"He told me you propositioned him while you were sitting on the front porch exposing yourself to him. Is that true?"
I nodded, blushing.
"Good girl," she said with bubbling enthusiasm. My god she was wound up.
"Then you led him upstairs with your sundress pulled up to expose that gorgeous naked ass of yours?"
I nodded again and continued to blush.
Jolene continued on, asking me about every detail of my afternoon with her husband while she polished off the second glass of wine. I didn't elaborate, but I did keep drinking. I just kept nodding and blushing, but I have to admit, the conversation was making me horny. Between the wine and my libido, I could see that concentrating on Dunn and Bradstreet credit reports this afternoon was going to be tough.
"Wow!" she said, after she had gone through everything except one important detail—Art. "So Larry did tell me everything." She paused looking at me suspiciously. "Did he, or is there something I left out?"
"Well," I said, "There is one thing."
"I knew it," she said. "It's my fault really. I got so horny listening to his description that I just jumped his bones. Give me the rest of it. It's really lurid isn't it?"
I was silent while I took a long pull on my second glass of wine, nearly emptying it. Having this conversation in such a public place was driving me to drink. Just as I was about to speak, the waiter brought the soup.
Jolene spoke up as he set the soup course before us, "Two more glasses of wine please, Andre."
Fuck, I thought! This wasn't going the way I planned. I had wanted to talk about an image makeover, not about fucking my brother-in-law. I had to regroup. Jolene was just too wound-up for me to keep up with.
I made an excuse and ducked out to the ladies room. While I was there I decided the afternoon was shot, so I might as well enjoy the third glass of wine and go with the flow. I called my office and told them my sister was ill and I had to look after her this afternoon. "Sort of true," I told myself as I hung up, "If you count being a manic sex fiend as an illness."
I took a deep breath and headed back to the table, reminding myself that my objective was to get Jolene's help in making myself more like her. Was I demented? Make myself more like Jolene? No. Mexico had been fun, and I wanted more of that kind of fun, but I wanted to start with my image first.
I sat down and addressed my soup. "Oh this is really good," I said as I swallowed the first spoonful. "No wonder you always have this." I was stalling.
"What are you stalling for?" Jolene demanded. "Was Larry rude? Did he get rough? No, he never gets rough," she said, answering her own question. She paused for a moment. "Oh, I bet I know," she said with a smile. "Did he get limp? That hardly ever happens, but sometimes, just sometimes, he runs out of gas on me. So he got limp, huh? That is just the kind of detail he would leave out. How much tequila did he have at lunch? That will do it sometimes. Damn him. I told him he better be good for you. You are my sister after all, and if he was going to fuck you he had to do a good job."
I was laughing hard now at Jolene's rant.
The next two glasses of wine and the Quiche arrived, interrupting her. Before Jolene could start in again I quickly spoke up, "Jolene, there is one thing Larry apparently didn't tell you, but no, he didn't get limp." My god, he was like a steel bar shoved up my cunt the whole time, I thought, a big, round, steel bar, with bumps and ridges in all the right places. I paused to take a long sip of wine while Jolene looked at me expectantly and my mind lingered on my memory of Larry's big hard cock and how it had filled my cunt. I let my legs slide just a bit further apart beneath the table. I couldn't help it. Seemed to be an automatic response to thinking about Larry fucking me.
"Well, what is it," she said. "What did he leave out?"
"Art," I said, snapping back to the present.
"Art? . . . What? Did he fuck you too? That bastard. I know he hadn't talked to Linda about it, and they always talk first before one of them goes afield."
I choked on my wine when she said that, coughing and spluttering for what felt like an eternity. Finally I was able to speak, "No, Art didn't fuck me," I whispered. "He watched."
"You mean he was in the room with you?"
"No. Someone opened the door a crack after Larry closed it when we went in. It had to be Art. No one else was home. Besides when we were well in to it, Larry told me in a whisper that Art was watching and I should be good and loud so he could hear me."
"Ahh," said Jolene. She took another long drink of wine. "Now I remember," she said after a moment's thought. "I think he just started to say something about Art when I slurped his cock into my mouth. I didn't get another intelligible word out of him after that, but that's not a complaint mind you."
"I'm not complaining either," I said. "Knowing Art was watching just made it hotter."
It was amazing. For the first time since she had come in the restaurant Jolene was at a loss for words. When she finally spoke she said, "Art! Damn, I'll bet that was hot. Larry and I will have to try that."
"And by the way," I said softly, cutting her off before she could get going again, "Larry certainly didn't get limp. He was like fucking a phone pole the whole time." Did I really say that in a crowded restaurant? Time for more wine—or less? Fuck it. No one is listening. I hope.
Jolene smiled. "Yeah, he gets that way when he finally gets some dolly he has been lusting after for a long time. He was still that way when we got home and he was fucking me while he told me about fucking you. The more he talked the harder he got." She picked up her wine glass and finished her, what was it third or fourth glass? I had lost count.
Looking over the rim of her glass at me she said, "So answer my question, Amanda."
"What question?"
"The one I started with when I came in here before you started ducking behind the menu."
"Which was?"
Jolene gave me an exasperated look, which said you are ducking the question.
"Oh you meanthatquestion," I said. I looked straight at her and said, "Yes, the fucking your husband gave me was the best goddamned sex I've ever had." That should shut her up I thought. Damn, the wine was getting to me. I had never imagined talking like that in a public place.
"And?"
"And what?" I asked.
"You know."
I did know, but I wasn't sure I could say it. After all I had just confessed to my sister how much I enjoyed fucking her husband. How far did she want me to go. Silly question, I thought. As far as sex went, my sister had no limits.
I took a long pull that finished off my wine while Jolene waited expectantly, quiet for the first time since she had walked in.
Finally I spoke quietly, "Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes, I want to fuck him again." God, why did she have to make it so hard?
"I knew it!" she said with glee. "There's hope for you yet. No woman in her right mind could settle for sex with Larry only once." I noticed she was gathering up her things, as though she was leaving.
"Are you leaving?"
"Yes, of course. I have a flower shop to run. Have you forgotten?"
As she stood she said, "Larry's due home from the coast late this afternoon. Come over about eight."
I hesitated for a moment, but all I could think of was Larry's hard cock fucking me. Finally I spoke softly. "Yeah . . . Okay. I'll be there. At eight."
Then she leaned forward and said softly, "We'll have a threesome?" she stood, winked lewdly at me, and sailed out of the restaurant, leaving me with a considerable check to cover.
A threesome with my sister and her husband!What had I gotten into?
I sat waiting for the check, wondering what I should do. Then I decided, "Fuck it. In for a penny, in for a pound." I had been shying away from sex my whole life. It was time for that to stop.
So, what to do with the rest of the afternoon. I sure as hell wasn't going back to work after four glasses of wine. I could go home and masturbate, but then I saw a hair salon across the street and I had another thought—a way over-the-top idea. I walked into the shop and asked if they could give me a radical change in my hair, right now. I guess it was a slow day because the girl said, "Sure. What do you want?"
When I walked out, most of my long dishwater blonde hair remained on the shop floor, and what remained with me was dyed a shiny raven, done up in a short pageboy. Oh yeah, and there was a bright blue stripe on one side. That would surprise folks, I thought.
My next stop was an upscale lingerie store. I spent a delicious hour looking at the myriad alternatives to my traditional serviceable undergarments, finally settling on a lacy push-up bra that covered just enough of my breasts to push them into the desired position and a matching pair of lace bikini panties. Both were in black. I also acquired a set of very retro black, thigh high stockings—the kind with the seam up the back.
Looking at my watch I realized I still had time to complete the outfit. Now off to a department store where I acquired a very short black skirt, a sheer white blouse which didn't hide the white bra I was wearing and would positively advertise the new black push-up bra. Both were about a size smaller than I usually bought so they fit very snuggly and left little to the imagination. Next I bought some killer heels, in black of course. Walking in them would be tough since I didn't really have much experience with four-inch heels, but I was sure I could make it work. Besides, I didn't expect to have any of these clothes on for very long, just long enough to get Larry's cock up. Finally I made a stop at a make-up bar and let the sales girl do me with some very dramatic eye makeup and a bright red lipstick. I forget what they called the shade, but it should have been called "fuck me red." That's how red it was.
By this time it was six o'clock. So I bundled myself and my purchases into a cab and hurried home. It was six-thirty by the time I got home—traffic sucked. That gave me just time enough to eat a cup of Ramen (no drinking on an empty stomach. The old practical Amanda still existed), shower (including shaving my legs and other critical parts), and then dress and tidy up the make-up and my hair.
Now it was 7:45 and I was running about fifteen minutes late. I still took time to take a look in a full-length mirror. Wow! Who was that woman? As I pulled on a coat, I told myself, I would have to do some more shopping over the weekend to tone this down for work, but for tonight, it was perfect. It would blow Jolene away and probably cause Larry to jump on me.
I sent Jolene a message: "Sis, I'm running about fifteen minutes late. Don't start without me." Then I tapped out another message calling for an Uber car and headed for the street, tottering on my new heels. I couldn't decide what was going to be the most fun—watching my sister's face when she saw my new look, or fucking Larry again.
Nah. No contest. I was horny as hell. The most fun was going to be fucking Larry, but watching Jolene's face, while not even close, would still be worth all the money I had spent this afternoon.
As I slipped into the car and gave the driver Jolene's address, my iPhone rattled. As soon as I was settled and the seat belt fastened (old Amanda still there) I looked at Jolene's message. "No problem. We'll wait. Larry is very excited. So am I. Art won't be here to watch, but I will."
A moment later a second message, "Maybe I'll do more than just watch."
That last one worried me a bit. I was certainly up for fucking Larry again (Oh god was I. When I moved in the car seat my swollen pussy lips were squishing against each other. So fucking horny!) But, how would I handle sex with my sister? I mean, I didn't care if she watched, or even took turns with me in fucking Larry, but what if she wanted more? I had never had sex with a woman, much less with my sister.
When I arrived at Jolene's, it was a toss up as to who was the most surprised.
As I had planned, Jolene was blown away by my new look. She was chattering away until I slipped off my heavy winter coat. Then she just stood in her front hall with her mouth hanging open staring at me. When she finally spoke it was, "Wow! Look at you."
"So you approve?"
"I didn't know you had it in you. Who stole my kid sister?"
"She went through a conversion in Mexico. That's what I wanted to talk to you about at lunch, but I couldn't get you off the subject of sex with Larry. So I had to do all this on my own this afternoon."
"Well," she giggled. "I admit, sex with Larry is one of my favorite topics."
Now it was my turn to laugh. "After our week in Mexico, I totally understand."
"I can't wait to see the look on Larry's face when you walk in the room," she said as she turned to lead me down the hall to their living room.
When we walked into the room it was my turn to be surprised. I had expected to find only Larry and Jolene, but instead there was a crowd—at least thirty people milling around in a classic cocktail party. Everyone was dressed to the "nines" as they say. It looked like a roughly even mixture of men and women, with the men in coat and tie and the women in evening dress. In some cases very revealing evening dress.
"What . . .?" I said as I turned to Jolene to ask what was going on.
But she was gone. As I spun my head around I saw her back fading into the crowd. What? I thought. She's abandoning me in this roomful of strangers?
Actually as I looked around, I realized it was a roomful (or more or less half full) of attractive men, most of who seemed to be discreetly noticing me. Okay, I thought. This could be fun. I haven't a clue who all of these people are, but if I'm not going to get to fuck Larry tonight, the next best thing will be to spend the evening vamping about this room full of handsome men. Hmmm. Just like Mexico only better, more men, and Larry and Art's mother wasn't there to disapprove.
I quickly decided that the first task would be to find a drink. I spotted a bar on the far side of the room, and just as I was about to set out for it Larry stepped up from behind me.
"Amanda, Amanda. Look at you!" I could feel his warmth close behind me as he spoke in his lowest growling sexy tone, the same one he had used to tell me Art was watching when we were fucking in Mexico. My insides churned and for a brief moment, all I could think about was how good it had been in Mexico with Larry using his big arms to hold himself above me while he pounded my pussy with his big hard prick. Oh fuck yes! I wanted him again!
I pushed myself away from him and told myself to play the game as I took a couple of steps back. He was almost drooling at my new look. This was fun.
"Larry! How nice to see you. I was afraid I wouldn't know anyone here."
"Oh, you will before the evening is out," he said with a leer.
"So," I said. "Do you like my new look?" As I spoke I did a slow pirouette, thrusting my chest out as I went around.
Ignoring the soft gasp I heard as I turned, I said, "Where does a girl get a drink here?"
"Right this way," he said as he wrapped an arm around my waist to lead me across the room to the bar I had already spotted. He held me tight as we walked across the room. I loved the feeling of his hip pushing against mine as we walked. But I couldn't help noticing the looks I was getting from everyone Larry led me past. Men and women looked at me with undisguised lust. What kind of party was this?
Larry handed me a drink, a very strong one I realized as I took my first sip. I turned and leaned against the bar looking out across the room as I took another longer pull on my drink. "Larry," I asked, "Who are all these people?"
"Oh. Jolene didn't tell you?"
"No. I got the impression it was just going to be the three of us for . . . uh dinner . . .er, whatever." I couldn't quite bring myself to tell him I thought I had been invited for a threesome with he and Jolene.
"Oh," he said. "Well, this is our swingers group. We all get together at someone's house for a party once a month . . ."
"And you have sex?" I asked with a shocked tone I just couldn't avoid. "I mean, like an orgy?"
"Well, there's a little of everything," Larry responded calmly. "No one has to do anything they don't want to do. Some people like a group. Some people like to just pair up with someone else—typically not their spouse. Same sex, opposite sex. It's really just about everything you can imagine. Some people just like to watch, well usually watch and masturbate. You might like that."
"Hmmm." I gave him a sour look. "I had something more in mind for this evening." As I spoke I reached out and lightly stroked the front of his trousers. He jumped. I couldn't believe I had done that in front of a room full of people.
"Yes, I'll bet you did." As he spoke he slid his big hand down my hip and around me so he was cupping my ass. It felt delicious. "But you have a lot more to pick from here tonight. So . . . look around. If you see something you like, just ask. Most people say yes, especially to a newbie like you. Also, I kind of committed to spend some time with that little blonde on the other side of the room." With that he slid away from me and blended into the crowd. As he moved across the room I watched him stop to talk to people, stroking several womens' asses as he went.
"Okay, so I'm at a swingers party," I told myself. "Might as well enjoy it. But if I'm going to enjoy it, I need to shed some clothes."
I tossed the last of my drink down and turned to the bartender, "Refill this for me and hold it. I'll be back in a minute."
I walked across the room and down another hall that I knew led to Larry and Jolene's bedroom. I figured I could stash my underwear there.
The room was dark as I stepped into it. I stood and began to unbutton my blouse, but I stopped when I heard a woman groan, "Oh fuck. So good!" Then I heard the bed springs groan and the woman cry out in response to each creak of the bed. Someone was fucking in this room. I started to withdraw.
"Wait," a man's voice said. "Do you want to watch?" As he spoke, someone turned on the bedside lamp. There was a naked couple on the bed. He was on his back with the woman sitting astride him, his cock clearly implanted in her. She was looking back at me over her shoulder, using a hand to hold her wild mass of black hair to the side.
"Oh god yes," she said. "Please stay and watch. It's so fucking hot when someone is watching."
I didn't say anything. I just stepped around to the head of the bed where I could see her as she rode him and stood watching as she began to ride his cock. Each time she rose and then dropped down on him, he arched his back so his cock was shoved fully into her. As I watched, I stripped off my blouse and then took off my bra. Now I was naked from the waist up as I watched the couple fuck.
Damn, this is hot, I thought. I began playing with my tits.
She was probably in her forties. Her big soft tits were swinging wildly as she bounced on his cock. Now she began to talk dirty to him. "Oh fuck! You're so fucking good! I've been wanting this all week. Your fucking cock is so much harder than my husband's. Fuck! You're stretching my cunt as far as it can go. All week I've been fantasizing about being your slut. Now I'm your slut. Did you like it when I was sucking your cock on the deck—sucking your cock just like a horny slut that was willing to do anything to get your prick in her?"
Now I had pushed my skirt up around my hips and let my panties drop to my feet. I began softly stroking my sex with one hand as I watched them fuck. He had his neck craned, looking over his shoulder to watch me masturbate. I was sliding my finger, slick with my juice, between my lips, stroking myself from my opening to my clit. They were both watching me now, but continuing to fuck. This was so good, so fucking nasty!
"Oh FUUUUUUUUUCK!" she screamed as her orgasm took her without warning. She collapsed forward on him as he continued to slowly fuck her. I could tell he was going to continue, but I wanted to go back to the main room. I need to see what else went on at a swingers party. I let my skirt drop and put my blouse back on, tucking my bra and panties in one of Jolene's drawers. I could get them in the morning, and I certainly wasn't going to need them anymore tonight.
My tits felt delicious swinging beneath my sheer white blouse as I walked back into the main room to reclaim my drink. The bartender stared at my tits, which showed clearly through my nearly transparent blouse. I picked up my drink and smiled briefly at him. Then I turned, leaning my back against the bar and thrusting my hips forward, to survey the room.
Things had changed in my absence. Most of the women still in the room were naked or at least half naked—some from the waist up and others from the waist down. I thought there was something especially hot about those naked from the waist down. It is just so nasty—or at least it is to me. Several men were scattered about the room openly stroking their erect dicks. Some had simply opened their fly and others were, like some of the women, naked from the waist down. There were a couple of women who were also openly masturbating. The exposed dicks, pussy, and tits came in all shapes and sizes. I found the overall scene incredibly erotic. As I watched, I rubbed my icy drink glass against my rock hard nipples that I had made available by unbuttoning my blouse.
That was when I met Ashton. He was a tall, thin black man. He simply walked up and asked, "Enjoying yourself?"
I looked up at him over the rim of my glass, silent as I swallowed my drink. He looked to be in his mid-thirties, his skin a glossy black, almost with a faint blue tinge, his oh-so-white teeth a striking contrast. His eyes were a deep brown that wanted to swallow my soul I thought.
I dropped my glass back down to my breast, continuing to stroke the nipple as I had been doing as he walked up. "Yes," I said. "It's very interesting. I've never been to a party like this."
"Have you fucked anyone yet?"
"No."
"How about me?"
"I don't fuck people I don't know."
"That's why a lot of people come to these parties."
I raised my eyebrows to question him.
"To fuck people they don't know," he continued.
"And you want to fuck me?"
"Yes."
"So we have a problem. You want to fuck me because you don't know me, and I don't fuck people I don't know. How shall we solve that?"
"Let's take our drinks out on the back porch and talk. Maybe you'll get to know me." He had his hand on my ass as Larry had done earlier. It felt good.
"Okay."
As we walked to the porch, he kept his hand on my ass. I was thinking about how well, really just how well, would I have to know him to fuck him. His hand felt really good on my ass right now and I was really horny. Maybe I wouldn't have to know him too well.
Now we were leaning on the porch rail our shoulders and hips rubbing.
"What is the protocol here? Do we ask for names or are they secret?"
"No. Not a secret. My name's Ashton. Ashton Anderson. And before you ask the next question, I'm a professor at Northwestern."
"Ah, a professor. Well, my name is Amanda (I thought about giving him a phony name, but this was my new life, so all in). Amanda Tolefson, and I'm an assistant credit manager at RTO Fasteners. As I talked, he put his big warm hand in the middle of my back and let it begin to drift slowly down.
"So does that mean we know each other now?" he asked. His hand was on my ass now, massaging it softly.
"No. Not well enough for what you want," I said. "What do you teach, Professor Anderson?" I asked, intending to hold out hope to him but to still hold him off for a bit longer. I had pretty much decided I was going to fuck him, but the game we were playing was delicious. "That feels really good," I said before he could answer my question.
"I teach poetry," he said. His hand was on my thigh now, pushing my skirt up.
"I went to college at Northwestern. But I didn't take any poetry classes. I studied accounting."
"A shame," he said. "Perhaps we might have already gotten to know each other." I felt his fingers approaching my pussy.
"Do you write poetry?" I asked. He had reached a point on my thighs where they were slick with the pussy juices that had leaked from them as I watched the couple fucking in Jolene's bedroom. Now he was using his lubed fingers to slowly swirl and massage the inside of my upper thighs. I moved a foot to spread my stance and give him better access.
"I write erotic poetry," he said as his fingers reached my pussy. I gasped in response. Not in response to what he said, but in response to what he was doing with his fingers.
"And do people pay you for that . . . oooh!" I gasped as I felt his finger slide into my dripping pussy. "I've never seen a book of erotic poetry in a book store," continuing on once I got my breath back.
"They don't pay me in dollars," he said.
Now he had two fingers slid well up into my cunt. I spread my legs some more to give him better access.
"Ahhhh . . . so how do they pay you? . . Ahhhhh," I gasped again. "I mean if not in dollars?"
"Usually by fucking me," he said. His voice was a low growl a few inches from my ear.
"So," I said. "You write a dirty poem for a cute little coed and then she fucks you. Is that it?"
"More or less."
I was leaning back against the rail, my blouse unbuttoned and my tits hanging out. I had my hips shoved forward and my legs spread. My skirt was now pushed up around my waist and Ashton stood in front of me looking down at me with two fingers probing my squishy cunt.
There was another couple sitting in chairs on the other side of the deck, each naked from the waist down. They were intently watching us as they masturbated each other. I felt unbelievably decadent.
I began to stroke his dick through his trousers. It was fully erect, fully . . . fully . . fuck . . . just fully big, and hard. I wasn't thinking very clearly anymore as his fingers continued to probe my pussy.
"So do you have a poem for me?"
"I might," he said, "but how would you pay me?"
"Pay?" As I spoke, I used my hands to open his fly and extract his cock. It wasn't the longest cock I'd ever seen, but it was big around and hard. I began to stroke it saying "You mean like this?"
"Oh no, Amanda, it takes more than a hand job to hear my poetry." He had moved his hand so that his fingers were pressing against the front of my cunt about halfway down from the top, and his thumb had slid up the slit above my opening and was pressing against my clit. Oh fuck I was horny. All I could think of was how much I wanted his big hard dick in my pussy.
"All right," I said. "But I want to hear the poem first. Then I'll fuck you." I was to the point where he could have recited gibberish and I would have jumped his bones, but I didn't want to admit it.
As it was, the poem he recited pretty much was gibberish, but I was so aroused that I didn't force him to read his poem first. We retreated to Jolene's bedroom now vacated by the couple that had been fucking when I first was there. We quickly disrobed and I lay back on the bed, my legs spread and my hands cupping my tits, holding them out in an invitation to him. He was standing looking at me, his hard cock protruding straight out from his belly.
"Don't just stand there. Fuck me!" I said.
"The poem?"
I didn't want to wait. "Recite it while we fuck!" I said. I was growing impatient.
He dropped to his knees between my wide spread legs. When he leaned forward, his upper body resting on his outstretched arms. I could feel the end of his prick beginning to probe the entrance to my cunt. I arched my back and thrust my hips towards him, but his prick stubbornly remained pressing at the entrance. Then he pushed and it felt like . . . like I was being torn in half—in the best possible way. Suddenly he was in me and I was so full.
Ashton dropped to his elbows and began to pump his huge dick in and out of me. Yes, yes! I thought. I had been wanting this for hours, maybe days, ever since I had left Mexico.
"But Ashton," I said. "Now we're fucking . . . but the poem? When do I hear the poem?"
"What? Oh . . .oh yes, a poem." His concentration was clearly elsewhere. I flexed my pussy muscles and squeezed his prick.
"Oh fuck! Don't do that. I can't create a poem if you're doing that to me," He was still pumping his dick in and out of me but more slowly.
"Okay, I'll be good," I said lying through my teeth. I was already so far past being a good girl there was no hope for recovery.
He pushed himself into me and said, "Lie still and I'll spin you a dirty lyric:"
Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
The lad was hot and the maid was too;
All mimsy were the borogoves,
Parents gone and the house theirs
To use for what they pleased.
I squeezed his prick again with my cunt and he gasped, "Don't or I can't go on!" I relaxed and let him lie with his prick buried in me.
And oh they knew just what they pleased.
`Beware the Bandersnatch, my love she said!
The pussy grabs and holds you firm!
Beware the Jubjub said he.
It will pierce your frumious Bandersnatch!'
Oh my lord said she,
My Bandersnatch so sorely used,
I would no longer virgin be.
Again I used my cunt muscles to destroy his concentration. This time he got even by spending the next minute or so pumping his cock furiously in and out of me. I forgot completely about the poem and was screaming as each stroke bottomed out in me.
Then he stopped again, his cock fully implanted in me, and returned to the poem.
But nonetheless said she.
Bring it on. Bring on your Jubjub
And let it do it's worst to my tender Bandersnatch.
I squeezed him again and he again responded by beginning to fuck me, this time with slow regular thrusts that left him with enough concentration to continue reciting his "poem."
He took his vorpal sword in hand.
For long this Bandersnatch he had sought
And now her pierced her Bandersnatch with a mighty thrust.
She screamed in glee, her Bandersnatch so filled with joy
And then she felt the mighty O seek to crush the errant JubJub
As her woman's Bandersnatch clamped upon his vorpal sword
Now I was crying out with each thrust, barely hearing his wretched poem.
At that his sword did gush and fill her snatch
And now they both did lie upon the floor before the fire
Sated and fulfilled.
It was then that I came—a roaring climax, the likes of which I'd not felt since that next-to-last day in Mexico with Larry. But Ashton wasn't about to stop or even pause. He pulled out, grabbed my hips and turned me over so my head was on the bed and my ass was lewdly facing him. Then, using his hands to hold my hips, he jammed his cock back into my cunt.
His voice was scratchy now and loud. He was going to have a sore throat in the morning.
So rested they by the fire, free
Of any thought but acts just done
And in such uffish thought they lay,
Until her father, yea the Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
Came whiffling through the tulgey door,
And burbled as he came:
Oh how now my daughter fair?
What's this I see before me?
I could feel myself approaching a second climax and I was crying out loudly with each stroke of his cock. Then he slapped me hard on the ass—one, two and then a third on the right cheek of my butt. That triggered a second climax for me.
"Enough, enough," I said. "I can't take any more."
But he continued to pump and slap as he talked over the top of my cries.
He reached upon the wall and pulled his cross bow down
His wish to leave the youth dead and mount his head
Upon the door, a lurid warning to
All who would penetrate the holy Bandersnatch.
But at a word from his daughter fair
He went galumphing back and bothered them no more.
I came for a third time. I would have collapsed prone on the bed, but he was holding my hips as he continued to plow me.
`And has thou slain the Jabberwock asked the trembling youth?
Oh come to my arms, my beamish boy said she!
O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!
He chortled in his joy.
`Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe;
So all did fuck until the break of dawn
And mimsy were the borogoves,
The mome raths outgrabe.
And with that I felt him climax gushing spurt after spurt of hot cum into my cunt. Now we both collapsed and lay with Ashton spooning behind me as his shrinking cock slowly withdrew. I knew then just how the couple in his absurd poem felt.
I awoke the next morning naked on a couch in Larry and Jolene's living room. I lay there for a while trying to remember everything that had happened the night before. Ashton had been far from the end of the evening. I had a lot more to drink, and I could remember having sex with several more people, although my memories of some of that were a little vague due to the amount of alcohol I had consumed. I remembered fucking Larry and another guy whose name I couldn't remember, if I had ever known it. I vaguely remembered Art and Linda having been at the party, but not until late. I didn't think I had fucked Art, but maybe he was the guy I gave a blow job to while several people watched and cheered us on, and . . . oh god, yes. I remembered Linda eating my pussy while Art sat jacking off while he watched us. He certainly did like to watch.
"Had there been anyone else?" I asked myself.
Eventually I sat up and swung my feet to the floor. Oh shit my head hurt. What and how much had I had to drink? When I stood I realized that my pussy was sore. Not really a surprise given what I could remember of the night. Then I realized that I had dried cum smeared across my chest. Ugh. I seriously needed a shower and maybe a priest for confession.
I showered and put on an old pair of sweats I had left in Jolene's front hall closet months ago. Then I wandered out to the kitchen where I found Jolene and a fresh pot of coffee.
"Coffee," I said, stringing it out with a tone of desperation. Jolene quickly poured me a cup and I sat sipping it. She was looking at me with her "cat that ate the canary" look.
"So." she said, "Did you have a good time last night?"
I smiled without answering directly.
"Did Ashton do his Jabberwock poem?"
"What?" I said softly. My head wasn't ready for loud noises, even my own.
"I know you were fucking him. Did he recite his Jabberwock poem? He always does."
At that point I began to laugh and I couldn't quit. Finally I cleared the tears from my eyes and said "Yes, and it is dreadful, but my god he can fuck."
This got Jolene to laughing, and the two of us just sat there in hysterics. Later when we settled down she told me that Ashton wasn't really a professor at Northwestern—just an overeducated barista at a Loop coffee shop. "But you are right," she said. "He really can fuck."
When we calmed down a bit, I asked a few questions about the rest of my evening.
"Oh Jolene," I said. "I think I was really bad last night."
"How so?"
"Well, my memory is a little foggy, but Ashton wasn't the only one was he?"
Jolene laughed. "Hardly! Believe me little sister. You made an evening of it."
"Oh god. Who else?" I asked in fear.
"Well, there was Larry."
"Yes, I remember him."
"Then there was Art."
"Art? I fucked Art?"
"No, you just gave him a blow job, but it must have been a good one because he pulled out and squirted cum all over your chest.
"What about Linda? Was she there when I was blowing her husband?"
"Oh yeah. Right along with almost the whole group. You had a real cheering section for that performance."
"So she's not mad at me?"
"She didn't seem very mad when she was eating your pussy half an hour later. That time they had reversed roles. Art was watching Linda eat you while he masturbated."
"Oh," I said. "I guess I do remember that." Now I giggled as the memory returned.
"What's so funny?"
"Oh nothing. Well, I was just thinking about Linda being the first woman I have ever been with."
"And did you like it?"
"Ummmm. Yes. Very much," I said. I could feel my battered pussy coming to life as I remembered how Linda had been licking it a few hours before. "But I think I need to try it again when I'm sober enough to really remember it. . . . Wait! Does that mean I'm a lesbian?"
"Fuck no!" Jolene said. "It just means you like to have your pussy licked. You seemed to be enjoying it just as much when Howard was doing it to you an hour or so later."
"Howard? Who was Howard? I don't remember him."
"Howard is our next door neighbor, and I'm not surprised you don't remember him. You were pretty drunk by that time."
"Uh, Jolene. How many other people did I fuck last night?"
"How should I know? I was busy enjoying myself, not walking around following you. But it was an orgy. You were supposed to fuck a bunch of people. That's how they work."
"Well, it sounds like I did and I feel like I did. Can I have some more coffee? My head hurts."
Oh yes. My life has changed, I thought. I probably got a little carried away last night and that was going to take a little thought, but I was definitely going to like my post-Mexico life. I was sure of that.