Ending Alternative 1
I was clean, well-rested and dolled up when I got off the bus the next morning. Already my decision to surrender had been rewarded with a happy, comfortable sleep following a few more orgasms. Whatever doubts still remained were becoming more muted by the moment -- although they were not yet completely gone.
That was evident in my nervousness. I grasped at the front of my long coat. It was buttoned up, but I still felt exposed. This time, my nudity underneath was not for the sake of compromise -- quite the opposite, in fact. The feeling of the coat's inner lining against the sensitive parts of my body was continual reminder of what I was about to do. I stopped for a moment, regarding the bus-stop where all this had started, and really considered the enormity of it.
There's just no other way. These last three days have shown I can't fight her, and nobody's coming to my rescue because I can't reach out for help. I'm so weak, can't even sit through a single class without trying to undress myself. It's time to do what feels right, what feels so hot, and give in to her.Reaffirmed in my decision, I marched onward to the address she had given me.
The wait of thirty seconds or so after I pressed the doorbell was long enough for my nerves to return, but it was too late by then. She opened the door, and the sight of her took my breath away.
She had dressed up for the occasion. Her long black dress clung to her enough that images of her naked body reignited in my mind, and had slits up her legs all the way to her hips. She was adorned in tasteful gold jewellery, and her hair and make-up were flawless as ever, her trademark ruby-red lips looking edible. The expression on her face was momentarily one of relief, before it resolved to a self-assured smile.
"Hello, sweetheart."
"Hi." I breathed, and, still out there in the open, I undid the buttons on my coat one by one.
Her eyes lit up as they followed the gradual exposure, devouring the view of my cleavage pouring out over the top, to the full exposure of my breasts, to my stomach and finally to the point where the coat was entirely undone, revealing my freshly shaved pussy. I held the coat open, and her grin grew ever wider as she surveyed her property. She took hold of my wrists and pulled me inside, kicking the door shut behind me.
My coat was in a pool behind me as she put her back to the wall and pulled me up against her. She raised her left leg between mine, the dress falling either side of the slit so I could grind on her bare skin. Grateful, I did just that, and the pulses overwhelmed me from where my pussy met her thigh and from where our lips had met in a frenzied kiss. She grabbed a fistful of my hair and a handful of my ass and pressed me further into her.
To my ears, our moans harmonised perfectly. All my doubts and my nervousness had been erased from the very first pulse. Either I had forgotten how incredible it felt when she touched me, or the absence of her had made the feeling all the more powerful. Either way, I was already cumming for the first of many times that day, my juices lubricating her leg as I whimpered and squealed.
She tried to force me back, but to her pleasant surprise I fought her, grinding faster and pleading. "No, please, more..."
She giggled in manic glee. "Ooh, I do like the more honest you, sweetheart, but I need you to wait here a moment. Keep yourself running, ok?"
Begrudgingly, I obeyed, and fell back hard against the opposite wall, twisting a nipple with one hand and replacing her thigh between my legs with the other. I stayed there for an endless minute, writhing, desperate for her to return, before she called for me.
"Ok, sweet thing, come on through!"
I entered a spacious dining room, taking in none of my surroundings as my eyes were rooted to the centre of my universe. She was seated in an armchair facing me, wearing nothing but a strap-on. She looked like a goddess, formed from some celestial material. Her skin seemed to hum with a warmth that almost made me wilt before it, but her eyes caught me and held me upright.
"Stop where you are." She commanded, an almost drunken grin on her face as she gripped the base of the dildo. My legs locked, and I stared at her piteously. She laughed, and then gave instruction. "Apologise to me for making me wait three extra days, then take a step forward."
"I'm sorry Ash, I'm so stupid... I could have been yours, your toy, instead of being so stubborn..." I sobbed with need, taking one step forward. They weren't just words - regret and guilt welled up in me for the days of being a sex toy that I'd missed. A pulse thrummed through me as an incentive.
"Now tell me what that bitch Eirin means to you and apologise for making me jealous."
"She's nothing, Ash, nothing, you're the only person that matters, please let me be near you -- I'm sorry for thinking that I liked her!" The words stampeded out of me. My care for Eirin or for my other friends for that matter was embarrassing to me then -- a distraction from the only important person in my life.
Pulse.
She groaned, letting it rumble in her throat -- she'd really enjoyed hearing that one. "Take another step." I did. "Now apologise for making me doubt even for a moment that you'd come here today."
"Sorry, sorry for doing that to you -- please let me make it up to you, I'll be good now, I promise!" How could I have hurt her like that? This woman, so much stronger and better than me, feeling bad because of my selfishness! The pulse didn't relieve me of my guilt completely but told me I could be forgiven if I really tried hard to bring her pleasure.
She laughed again. "Good, one more step. Now, apologise for teasing me for nearly three weeks, then come over here and let me fuck you."
"I'm sorry for being such a tease, sorry for all the time I didn't realise I belonged to you, sorry for thinking too much -- please, please fuck me, Ash!" A series of pulses, and I was free, stumbling forward until I was able to lay a knee on either side of her lap to straddle her. Her eyes ran down me, leaving a trail of heat in their wake.
"Mm, I told you I would be enjoying this sight more often. Now come on, my little slut, do what I know you want to do." She held the dildo upright and teased me back and forth with it.
My voice came out in a choking exhalation. "Yes, Ash."
I slowly pushed down with my hips, smoothly and easily engulfing the cock to it's base. My eyes rolled back in my head, and I sat still for a moment, enjoying the full length of the thing inside me, before she gave me a sharp spank and I kept moving, increasing my pace gradually.
I felt it in my whole system every time I sank down on her. The penetration itself was transcendent, and that combined with the skin-to-skin contact with her, and the fact that I was working to put on a show for her, was making me cum every few seconds.
Her nostrils flared as she watched me, and, straining a little, she began to speak -- her victory speech.
"I searched so long and hard and found no-one, and then out of nowhere I felt you outside my house, just a few dozen feet away from me. The perfect susceptibility, my perfect slave. And then when I saw you -- my god! You have a body made to be fucked by me, slut."
She put a thumb to my clit and circled, and my thrusts turned shallower and more rapid. She had to wait until I bit the back of my hand to quiet down before she continued.
"It was hard to leave you alone at all - I wanted so many times to grab you right there and take you! But there's a process to doing this properly, you have to start slow. You plant the seeds and grow them: a little touch here, a little kiss there, knowing when to leave you alone for a little while to let it all sink in, and then..." Her eyes dropped to my bouncing tits. "The rewards are oh so worth it."
The line between what the pulses were making me do and what I wanted was blurred beyond distinction. As my passion mounted to another climax, I put a name to the heat and excitement in my chest, the pounding of my heart. Even if it was artificial, planted in me by her manipulations, I knew what I felt, and the feeling was real.
"I love you, Ash! I love you so much!"
I finally came off the dildo and fell down into her for a kiss.
---
The rest of the day was spent in the love nest. Many hours were spent with me putting on a show, trying on my new outfits, posing, teasing, and stripping as she sat and watched. There were several pauses where a pulse would without warning pull me lurching down between her legs to service her when she got too turned on looking at me, and I would hungrily bring her to orgasm, her thighs clamped around my face as she complimented me.
"Fuck, you little slut... Look so fucking sexy right now... Mm, work that tongue, bitch..."
In bed, we fucked each other to sleep. It's a life-affirming experience to wake up staring at your sole reason for existing. Her face looked every bit as imperiously beautiful un-made up in the morning light, and as she came awake her full lips curled into a relaxed, possessive smile. We looked into each other's eyes for a while before a pulse informed me that I should speak.
"Good morning, Ash, what can I do for you today?" I traced down the side of her body with the back of my fingers.
The way her morning voice rasped made me so hot. "Oh, so much, slut -- we're going to be together 24/7 for a while until I'm sure that you're completely dismantled and remade."
I squealed with happiness and kissed her, ready for my first full day of servitude.
---
Our first stop was the shopping centre in town -- but we weren't there to buy anything. I stood, wearing a thin lilac bralette that could just about pass as a tank top and a cream-coloured micro-skirt so body-conforming that the shape of my ass was entirely visible, and listened to my instructions.
"All you've got to do is strike up a few conversations with strangers -- ask them a couple of questions about whatever. The challenge is not to cum while you're talking to them." She could see the beginnings of confusion forming on my face and cut me off. "Ah-ah, slut -- you're starting to think again. Act on instinct, it's all you're good for."
"Ok!" I beamed, letting go of my thoughts, and bounced away from her. She sat down on a bench to watch me, crossing her legs elegantly in her loose knee-length skirt.
The place wasn't exactly a hive of activity mid-morning on a Wednesday, but there were still more than enough people passing through. I felt so pretty and horny strutting around in my slutwear, catching both longing and condemning stares. My first port of call was a ruffled middle-aged man.
"Excuse me!" I called, and he looked up only for a second before his eyes widened at the sight of me and then dropped to the floor. He felt it was dangerous to look at me, but still stopped to listen.
"Um, do you have the ti- iiiiime..." My speech stretched into a long moan as an intense pulse tightened my nipples and my pussy throbbed. I doubled over, bending at the waist and biting my lip. The challenge made perfect sense now.
Unable to resist my display, the man looked up again. He looked somewhat distressed, his eyes continually flicking away from me in various directions before falling back into my titties, and I saw him twisting the wedding ring on his finger.
My pussy still pulsing, I stood for a while before I realised that no answer seemed to be forthcoming. I cocked my head and questioned him through the pleasure. "Hellooo?"
He shook himself, a trembling hand pulling his phone out of his pocket. He cleared his throat and spoke with some difficulty. "It's, uh... It's a little before 10."
I cooed as a particularly strong pulse hit me before responding. "Tha-aaanks! Bye now!" I didn't hear him start to walk away behind me for a little while -- he was obviously watching me go, my swaying hips revealing a little cheek with every step. I was already glancing around for my next target.
"Hiiii!"
I approached two girls looking in a shop window, perhaps between classes at university. They were cute, all dyed hair and yoga-pants, their coats hanging over their arms in the warm interior of the shopping centre. They turned to me, bemused by my appearance more than anything else. As I reached them, I took the carefully styled blonde hair of one between my fingertips and gasped as the pulses re-intensified.
"Oohh... Where did you get your hair done? It looks soooo good..." I breathed, stroking, and stepping in closer. The girl smiled awkwardly while her friend snickered behind her hand.
"Uh, actually I got it done at the place just over there, look." She nodded towards somewhere behind me, but I didn't follow her indication. I was far more interested in the way her smile froze on her face and turned to open-mouthed breathing as I moved ever closer, and the way the look in her eyes changed as she glanced down then up into my face again. Her friend had stopped laughing and was becoming worried.
With the pulses working away at me my breaths had turned to soft groans, and my hips were flexing and shimmying. I leaned into the girl. "Yeah, you look sooooooo hot..."
I did what Ash told me to and allowed the pulses to supress my thoughts, acting on all my immediate impulses. The girl was sexy, and the pulses felt better when she was looking at me, so I did what was natural and moved in to feel her body heat -- it was that simple.Wow, life is going to be so much more fun from now on!I thought.
My hand had moved from her hair to stroke her cheek now, and I was pressed up close to her. She swallowed, breathing deeply too. I held the pose for a while, my eyes going glassy as I tried to focus on not cumming, but finally I pulled myself together.
"Thanks, babe." I whispered, and kissed the girl's cheek, releasing her and walking away. I glanced back, giggling as I saw the girl confused and shaking herself and her friend gripping her shoulder looking concerned.
Ash stood from her seat and stepped to meet me before I could search for a new victim. "The next person you talk to is going to be at the top of that escalator."
For a moment I wondered why, but then I squashed the thought. The reason why was that Ash said so, that's all I needed to know. I lightly chewed my fingernail as I throbbed. I was about to step onto the escalator when Ash held me back for a moment. Again, I stopped myself from questioning it, and stood placid and waiting. She waited until a young couple were nearing the escalator before letting me go.
I took the escalator a few steps ahead of the pair. My micro-skirt framed the perfect view of my ass from underneath and my glistening wet cunt. I wiggled in place with pleasure as I heard the urgent whispers behind me -- the pulses seemed to be congratulating me on not hesitating or thinking too hard about Ash's commands before obeying. Obeying immediately would make me feel like this -- so good that I had to remind myself to fight back the orgasm as I had been instructed to.
Ash stepped off the escalator from her place behind the couple and leaned against a nearby pillar to watch me, while I looked around for my next conversational partner. By this point I was already on the verge of failing my challenge, the pulses caressing me inside and out. Staying upright was a struggle. The experience of walking around freely while receiving what felt like the most delicious fuck was bizarre, and incredibly hot.
Needless to say, I was on a hair trigger as I stumbled towards a woman waiting in line at a coffee stand in a buttoned-up pant suit. I wasn't even sure what I was going to say, incapable of planning out a conversation. Thankfully it was already becoming automatic to act without thinking. I grabbed her shoulder and between laboured breaths I drunkenly mewled "Heeeyyyyy."
The businesswoman blushed and looked around, searching for help, but everyone else was studiously ignoring me. "Are you ok? What's the matter?" She said with some alarm, worried about my condition.
"Oh, I just wanna talk, I'm good... Yeah, reeeaaally gooood... Oh fuck, can't hold it-" I fell against the stranger, wrapping my arms around her and squeezing tight as I cried out in climax. As she flailed around, babbling incoherently, I briefly wondered whether I should feel bad for cumming when I'd been told not to -- but the thought dissipated in a moment. It was up to Ash how I should feel.Don't think for yourself. Instinct.I pulsed.
After enough of the tremors passed, I left the bright red woman behind and returned to Ash to receive her judgement. She didn't look upset at all -- quite the opposite in fact, her grin was wide before she came to meet me with a kiss.
"Don't worry, slut, I was always going to make you keep going until you came -- although I have to admit, I thought you'd hold out longer than three people!"
I giggled and blushed. I was quickly learning the orgasmic sweetness of mindless obedience -- and of course, of having an owner who can make you cum without touching you.
---
Her hand was groping down the back of my skirt as we strolled into the restaurant for her next game. The waitress on the door looked anxious for a moment, but then a blank expression crossed her face and she looked past us as we walked by. Ash led me to a table in the corner, one in a cubicle, meant for a large group of people, and sat down on the far side with her back to the wall. She picked up a menu and began to study it, speaking without looking at me.
"Knees."
The pulses pulled me irresistibly to the floor and I crawled under the long tablecloth to kneel at her feet. She reached down with one hand to give me an affectionate brain-souping stroke under the chin as she explained the rules.
"Now you're going to put that tongue to use. I'm feeling stronger by the moment now I have you -- I bet I could fuck you out in the open and make sure nobody stopped me - but I'll let them kick us out if we're caught. That's your goal, to make me give the game away." She didn't look for or expect any acknowledgement from me, she just pulled the tablecloth over me and her lap, knowing that I would do as she said. I pulled the hem of her skirt up and got to work
I started slow. Not because of any hesitation - I'd learned my lessons well already -- but because that was what the pulses told me to do. Slow licks up and down her slit, using my hands to gently open her up for my tongue. She was already wet -- I could be proud of myself for putting on a good show for her so far that day.
Her impassive reaction had me worried at first, but as the pulses guided my movements her subtle responses were drawn into focus for me. Her hand that had been resting on the seat next to her was gripping the edge tighter, and every small tensing in her thighs was felt in my body. I'd learned her body and her needs quite well the previous day, but now with the task she'd set me at hand I found there was so much more to learn. I could tell which spots and which movements made her really jump, what would really work her up so I could get her to cry out.
I was speeding up my rhythm when the waitress arrived for the first time, and I heard the increase in Ash's breathing. The waitress spoke with practiced enthusiasm.
"Are you ready to order?"
"Oh, can you just get me a glass of water while I decide, please?" I wondered if the waitress would notice the richer intensity in her voice like I did, or see the way she was beginning to shift and twitch in her seat.
The waitress acquiesced, and we were left alone for another minute. Ash stroked my head while I worked her clit. "Ooh, you're learning quickly. Keep it up, good little slut..." She was short of breath, and I saw that her eyes were hooded as I stared up at her. She let the tablecloth fall back over me as the waitress returned.
"Thank you." I heard the catch in her voice, and sped up further, seeing the goal in sight. "Now, j-just a sssecond... Ohh, everything looks so good!"
I slipped a finger inside her, and she bucked her hips against me. I heard the rattle of cutlery above me as she slapped her hand to the table.
"Uh, are you ok?"
"I'm, fine, I'm f-f-ffff... Oh, god..." Ash moaned in earnest now as I found her g-spot and lapped at her clit in unison. With the guidance of the pulses I was becoming perfectly attuned to her, her pleasure an extension of myself. Her hips were twisting and jolting beyond control, and the tablecloth fell back from me. Her head was tossed back, and her eyes were shut as she let out a long sigh.
"Should I call someone?!" The alarm in the waitress' voice was increasing.
"Nonono, I just need to... Oh fuck, yeah, ahhhh..." Ash took my head in her hands and pushed me deeper into her. The waitress noticed now that something was happening down there and leaned over the table to see me between Ash's legs.
"Oh my god!" I heard her dashing away. "Uh, Phil, someone, I need some help here!"
Between loud moans, Ash congratulated me. "Good job, good little slut... Now make me cum, finish me, that's right..."
I kept up my pace and shuddered with bliss of my own as she came undone before my eyes. She cried out loud, and thrusted her hips up off her seat, nearly knocking me back. Finally, still convulsing, she sank back down, and the pulses allowed me to stop. She enjoyed the moment for as long as she could, looking down at me with a possessive kind of love before we heard the approach of more footsteps and had to get out of there.
We were laughing together as we dashed out the back entrance on to the street. She grabbed me by the hips and whirled me around, and I felt drunk with the heat left behind the pulses. I was beginning to realise that the feeling was becoming more and more consuming, and soon there wouldn't be any in between times where I didn't feel like this; happy, giddy, and ready to be used.
---
There were many more games that we played over the course of the next two days, so many more lessons that I learned. At my campus library, a public museum, the park, at various bars and clubs... I seduced people with my body, men women and others, then left them cold as Ash led me away. I stripped down to nothing and paraded through the street. I rode Ash's thigh to orgasm seated at a bar. I got her off on a table while others watched, helpless.
By the time Friday evening came around, I was well trained, and there was only one place we could go to properly show me off...
---
I was wearing a hot pink mesh dress with nothing underneath, everything visible as I sat between Ash's legs. Her hands were stroking my stomach and my breasts, and I thrust my ass back against her.
"Mm, just can't control yourself, can you, slut?" She stage-whispered.
"Only because of what you do to me. I know you love it, anyway..." I tittered in response. She leaned over my shoulder and kissed me, and I caught her before she could stop and continued the kiss for a few more seconds before we both turned our heads back to the table.
Aliyah and Soph sat in horrified silence, frozen completely in place. Aliyah's face was totally blank -- she couldn't emotionally or rationally process what she was seeing. Soph meanwhile was a picture of outrage, so consuming she couldn't even act on it. And so they sat in silence, as they had since we sat down a minute ago.
Ash pretended that they hadn't heard us, her voice sickeningly cheerful as she addressed them. "We could use a drink! Anyone else?"
She received no response but did wake the girls from their stupor. They turned to whisper urgently to one another. Ash clucked her tongue.
"Suit yourselves." I stood up to let her get out from under the table to make for the bar. I was about to follow her like the lovesick puppy I was, when Soph, suddenly unseated, grabbed me by the wrist and yanked me towards her.
"We're leaving. Me, Aliyah, and you I mean." She said under her breath, casting a dire glance at Ash.
I giggled airily. "We just got here though?" I spoke loudly. I glanced around, just noticing something. "Hey, where's the other one? Uh, Eirin?"
"Eirin's not coming. She wouldn't tell us what happened, but it seemed like you were involved." Aliyah murmured unhappily.
"Uhhhh..." I put a finger to my lips in thought. "Oh, yah, she was kinda mad about something? I forget." I giggled again.
Soph lost her temper. "Look, just what the fuck is going on here?!" She hissed.
I cocked my head to one side. "What do you mean?"
"Oh, come off it! You're pretty much naked right now, it's fucked up!" She was forgetting to keep quiet, and I saw Ash's shoulders shaking with mirth out of the corner of my eye.
"Nuh-uh, I look hot as fuck in my dress. Ash said so." I tugged at the front of the pink mesh, pouting.
Aliyah's voice was breaking. "What's happened to you? You're behaving so... I almost thought you were going to have..." Aliyah sputtered and stumbled over the word. "Sexright at the table!"
My eyes lit up. "Ohmygod, that's so hot, do you think she's going to?"
Aliyah blushed powerfully and immediately ran for the door. Soph's lips flapped open and closed for a few seconds, but no sound came forth, and she soon hurried off after Aliyah. I felt a strange, painful sensation in my gut that I didn't recognise as I realised that I was probably never going to see either of them again. Somehow, I didn't like that. But the uncomfortable feeling was extinguished as soon as I felt Ash embrace me from behind, resting her head on my shoulder.
"That was fucking perfect -- you are fucking perfect. You're my perfect, dirty slut." She rasped in my ear.
I wiggled against her. "So, are you really gonna do it? Are you gonna fuck me right here?"
Her response was to grab me by the hair and throw me down so I was bent over the table, sending Soph and Aliyah's remaining drink spilling out as the glasses tipped over and rolled to the floor. I cocked my hips invitingly upward, then shrieked aloud as I felt her fingers roughly penetrate me from behind as she stood beside me, pressing my head into the polished wood. The pub was full of people, all watching, and that made it way hotter.
The moment felt significant, and somehow, I was briefly able to think about the life I'd left behind. I thought about the of me who had existed for over twenty years, the awkward, serious student with academic ambitions. I thought about the me of the past couple of weeks, frightened and quiet, holding on over a precipice pointlessly when it was so much nicer and sexier to just let go.
Neither of those boring bitches would be bouncing and bumping against a table right now, feeling wholly fulfilled just being a good toy and working their way towards a wonderful cum.
What would it be like now, to go back? I'd have to try and get back to work -- I didn't even remember what I used to do at university, what was my subject again? I'd probably have to force those disgusting old clothes onto my body -- I couldn't understand why anyone would ever want to wear so much material. People wouldn't even be able to see my titties, see what a submissive little slut I was just at a glance!
The thoughts burned up and flew away as I gripped the edges of the table, squealing my way towards climax. The light of my life, the warmth of my heart, Ash, was fucking me, and I hoped that this time I would cum so hard I would forget my own name.
The End (1 of 2)