Steph was idly looking over the eclectically decorated shelves, not really seeing any more, just waiting. She heard the door open behind her and turned to see a beautiful older woman emerging from the office. The woman's longish brown hair was done up in a bun, starting to show just a little bit unkempt from the day, but looked leagues above her own crooked French braid. Greg recently had had Steph change to that style for her general day wear, and she hadn't quite gotten the hang of it yet.
"Stephanie?" The woman asked, raising her eyebrows a bit in question.
"Please, Steph." Steph replied, dropping her gaze. It landed on the woman's shoes. Open toed sandals, no hose. The honey color of her legs came from sun, apparently. She couldn't imagine this woman wasting time in a tanning bed. She was pedicured with a opalescent polish, and her toes were well shaped. The woman curled her toes and Steph was instantly reminded of another cleft. Kneeling behind Greg this morning as he stood at the shaving mirror. Reaching forward to knead and spread his muscular buttocks, leaning forward and taking in his musk as she probed with her tongue.
"Yes, of course. Steph." The woman replied, snapping her out of her reverie. "And you can call me Julia. Were you admiring something in particular on the cabinet?"
Steph had been looking at many things on the shelf. If she hadn't known what type of therapist this was they might have seemed innocuous, a macrame doily with rather interesting knot work, a painting of a woman with her horse brandishing her crop a little too menacingly, a ivory and jade Chinese finger trap, a dried flower arrangement in what looked to be an antique enamel bed pan, an old cargo hook and pulley. Steph's eyes settled on the safest choice, she thought.
"The mask there." Steph said gesturing and a white plastic mask, decorated with sequins and feathers. "Is that from Mardi Gras?"
"Hmm." Julia said, appraising Steph carefully. "No, it's not. Can you tell me why you've come to see me, Steph."
"I don't...Didn't Greg explain..."
"Yes, yes." Julia interrupted. "I know what Greg is expecting from sending you to me. He's my client. But you are my patient, and I'm curious about your expectations."
"I'm here for Greg." Steph said. "It's what he wanted."
"Of course." Julia said, smiling, a twinkle in her eyes. "Please leave your garments and belongings there on the chair and come into my office."
Julia turned and strode back through the door through which she arrived. Steph froze, staring after her for a moment before pulling her tank over her head. As her breasts popped free of the built in bra and she was in the tangled and exposed moment before she pulled it over her head, Julia popped back round the corner. Steph froze again, red flush glowing on her cheeks and chest.
"Oh, and put on the mask." Julia said. "The adhesive vial should be right there. Just don't get it near the eye holes. That would be...unfortunate."
She disappeared again. Steph struggled out of her top and looked at the mask, cringing. Then she glanced at the door to the street. It wasn't locked. Another patient, a delivery person, a lost tourist could wander in anytime. She tossed her tank on the chair and crossed to the cabinet. She picked up the mask and the brown glass bottle that was behind it. She unscrewed the top and it had a brush, like rubber cement. She painted the slimy, herbal smelling gel around the edge of the mask and pressed it to her face. She felt it grab and fuse right away. She tried to pull on it, to re-adjust slightly, it was lower on her left cheek, but it was stuck fast. She'd just have to live with it a little off side. She looked at herself in the mirrored back of the cabinet.
She wasn't herself. The mask hid her, changed her, protected her, and standing there bare breasted, she didn't feel exposed, but freed. She glanced down at her little shorts and boots and saw them as confining, constricting. She unbuttoned her shorts and wiggled out of them, pulling her heavy boots clumsily through the legs.
Bending and twisting about, her awareness rushed to the butt-plug Greg had her wear whenever she left the house alone. She had gotten used to the stretch, the fullness, and she learned to move gracefully so that it didn't shift about too much. But she had gotten a little carried away and now it was at a bad angle, poking her somewhere she didn't like. She reached back and pulled the thong aside and shifted and twisted the plug until it was seated better. Behind her, someone cleared her throat.
She spun, expecting Julia, but is was a slight blond woman in UPS gear holding a small package and her electronic clipboard.
"Delivery for Stephanie Weldon." She said, smirking
"Ha." Julia called from her office. "It's for you, Steph. Sign for it, please."
On shaky legs, Steph staggered over the the delivery woman and took the clip board. She whimpered a little under her breath as she signed. She handed back the clip board and accepted the package. The delivery woman leaned in to her ear, cupping her ass and tugging gently at the plug.
"We'll let this thing in your ass be our little secret." She breathed, nibbling at her ear. "See you around, Ms. Weldon."
The delivery woman left, and Steph sank into a chair, driving the plug up into her again. She wept a little and she unlaced her boots, and pulled them and her socks off and set them under the chair. Then she stood, skinned out of the thong and set that with her clothes as well. With another adjustment of her plug, she picked up the package and walked into Julia's office.
The office was bare. Julia was seated in the corner in the sole chair, a massive, high backed, coffee colored leather beast of a chair with a large matching ottoman upon which she had laid files and papers. The heavy iron rings strategically placed on the legs and studded into the leather suggested it was a multi-purposed furnishing. Steph shuffled into the middle of the room and stopped.
"Ok, girl." Julia said. "You shall kneel and present yourself there."
Steph nodded and lowered herself to her knees, placing the unopened package in front of her. She spread her knees wide and crossed her ankles behind her. She crossed her wrists behind her neck and pulled her elbows back as far as she could, thrusting her breasts and her sex forward.
Julia rose catlike, stalking around examining Steph. She pulled her hair, moving her head into an upward gaze, cupping her breasts and pinching the nipples until they hardened, tugging at the rings hanging there, leaning over and sharply smacking her buttocks, reaching between her legs to feel the shape and wetness there. She raised her fingers to her nose and inhaled, then pushed them into Steph's mouth.
Julia explored with her fingers, tracing the gum line, sliding under the tongue, then to the back of her mouth, stretching her jaw, pinching and pulling her tongue. She leaned down and licked the roof of Steph's mouth, delicately with the tip of her tongue, then drew back.
"You smell of ass." She smiled. "Greg, I assume. Get up please."
Steph climbed to her feet, keeping her arms locked behind her neck, chest thrust out, knees turned out, eyes raised to the ceiling. Julia picked up the package and carried it out of Steph's eye line. She heard Julia open a cabinet, the package being torn open, items shuffled about, the snap of a latex glove.
"Now dear," Julia said, "Bend forward. Look at the floor."
Steph bent at the waist, changing the angle of her knees thrusting her ass back to keep her balance and posture. Julia hands, dry and smooth in the latex reached under her breasts and attached weights to her nipple rings. Not too heavy, but definitely there. Then she walked around behind.
"Oh, you're already encumbered."
"Yes." Steph said. "I'm required to, when I'm out of..."
"I believe I told you to leave your belongings in the other room." She said, walking away. She began opening doors, looking for something.
"I'm sorry, I didn't think you meant..."
"Ah, this'll do." Julia shut the cabinet and walked back behind Steph. "This'll be easier if you think less. Now push that out for me. It's in my way."
"Oh, god. No, I , uh, god" Steph moaned and whined for a moment, weeping in shame, then screwed her eyes shut and relaxed and pushed. A trickle of piss ran down her right thigh and the plug slid out of her ass. She heard it thud into something and Julia carried it around and held it under her face. It was in a plastic disposable bedpan, shiny with lube and flecked with her filth.
"Now go place this with your belongings, and don't straighten up." Julia said. "You do not want those weights to touch your skin."
Steph moaned and leaned forward gripping the back edge of the plug in her teeth, and carefully walked it out to the lobby. She dropped it on her pile of clothes, awkwardly turned about and shuffled back into the office.
Julia had been busy. Collected and efficient, but busy. There were shackles hanging by cable from the ceiling, a rolling rack of equipment, Steph could see a couple handles rising up over the back edge, a foreign electronic device Steph could not identify and a simple wooden stool. Steph couldn't imagine where she kept everything. Julia beckoned her over. Steph whined under her breath and shuffled over.
"Now, girl." Julia began, as she attached a shackle to Steph's left wrist. "Tell me why you're here. Not why Greg sent you here, why you're here. What do you want from me?"
Julia finished buckling and locking the shackle, gave the cable a tug and it pulled up and away, stretching Steph's arm up and to the left. Then she knelt down and attached a shackle to Steph's left ankle.
"Well, um, Greg said you were gonna get inside my head. You were gonna change things in my brain. Change me."
"Yes. To an extent." Julia tugged on the cable and it pulled Steph's left leg back and to the left. Steph quivered, balancing on her right leg, throwing her right arm out for balance. Julia grabbed her wrist and started attaching that shackle.
"Greg wants me to lower your gag reflex a little. Maybe help you hold your breath a little longer. But again, that's Greg. Why are you here?"
She tugged the cable and Steph's right arm was pulled up and away and she was pulled forward off her leg, hanging suspended. The nipple weights swung wildly, one bouncing up into her stomach, stunning her with an electric shock. Steph screamed and thrashed out of control. The other bounced into her other breast and she was shocked again on the more delicate skin. Steph shrieked. And then it passed, Steph hung limp, too stunned to struggle. Julia sighed.
"I warned you. Those'll reset in a minute, so be careful. Now, why are you here." She lifted Steph's right leg and attached the shackle.
"Sometimes Greg does stuff that feels bad, Really bad and I just can't stand it, you know, he makes me feel dirty, walking me like a dog in the yard, washing his dishes with my hair, chaining me in the dumpster during his birthday party. It doesn't feel any good, I feel shameful and wrong, but I almost cum. Every time. Almost. Can you do that? Can you make me cum from that?"
Steph felt something smooth and cold pressing up against her ass, and then it was in, and another prong slid up inside her cunt. Julia cinched the attached belt around Steph's waist.
"Yes, I can." Julia laughed. "Now this is going to hurt."
The shock was sudden, sharp. Steph screamed as it coursed through her, sensations of fire, of ice, of a million bees shot through all her most sensitive nerve endings. Her muscles spasmed, in her buttocks, her thighs, her pelvic wall. Her bladder drained, and her screams faded to animal grunts and wails. And then it was over.
"Ok, girl." Julia said, soft, seductive, mesmerizing. "There, there. It's ok, girl. Now, we're going to put Steph in a cage. A wire cage. Small, confining. You and I, girl, we are going to gag Steph, blindfold her, stuff her holes with electric prods and lock her in her little cage. You and me, girl, we are watching her as she struggles and moans. Do you see her, there?"
"Yes."
"Good." Julia continued. "Look at how dirty she is, how debased, grinding her hips, just begging for it, presenting herself like a bitch in heat. See how she belongs there?"
"Yes."
"Yes. Now do you see that pit? It goes down and down, forever. It's just wide enough for that filthy animals cage, isn't it. Now, we attach a cable and we'll lower Steph into that pit. And we're sending Steph down, lower and lower, and it's just you and me, girl, and this button to give her her shocks. And she's down seven meters, eight, nine, ten. Now press the button."
The girl pressed the button, and Steph flailed and screamed and jerked and wet, and the girl in the mask kind of felt it, far away.
"Yes." Julia continued. "That's good, girl. We'll give that whorish pig, Steph exactly what she deserves, what she needs. You know she needs this. It's her purpose, her release, to be used, to be tormented, to be degraded. Let's lower her more. Another ten meters. Place her further beneath us. Do you feel her going down, lower and lower?"
"Yes."
"Good. And she's down another seven, eight, nine, ten meters. Now push the button."
Hanging stretched from her shackles Steph wailed, and shook. Her nipple weights bounced against her belly, her face and she spasmed and collapsed, spent. The girl in the mask didn't feel anything. She waited to be told what to do next.
* * *
Steph came to suddenly, bent over the ottoman and looked down, mask gone, weights gone, prods gone, an achy jaw and the aftertastes of cunt and ass sitting heavy on her tongue. Julia's lap lay just in front of her, inviting. She looked up and saw Julia was now wearing the mask, but looked composed, if perhaps a little flushed.
"And you're back." She said, removing the mask. "I think that was a very successful session, Steph. How do you feel?"
"Used." She said. "Used well."
"You were. You're quite good at it. I'm going to unlock you now, and you can crawl back out to the lobby and get dressed."
Julia leaned over and unlocked Steph's wrists, then grabbed her braid and lifted her head, bringing their mouths together, and Steph tasted her own fluids on Julia's tongue. After a moment, Julia pushed her away.
"Go." She said, standing and smoothing her skirt. "I have another client waiting. We'll see you next week."
Steph nodded and pushed herself off the ottoman and crawled out the door. She could feel Julia watching her, she felt like her ass was stretched wide and spotlit, that Julia could see all the way up into her soul. She crawled out the door.
There was an older gentleman sitting opposite her pile of clothes, well dressed, reading a magazine. She crawled past him, heard him shift his magazine, draw in his breath. She reached her clothes, and took the dirty plug, reached back and worked it up inside her, where it belonged.
"Wow." he said. "You're just filthy."
Steph came.