The Neighbours
It was Easter last year when Sally and Nick moved in next door. They were/are unfeasibly good looking; he's about 40ish, taller than me (6 footish?) neat and stylish hair, fittish without looking like he works out too hard and smart in an office-bod kind of way.
Sally on the other hand was mid twenties and a simply gorgeous, slim and leggy blonde with a large and impressive bust, which she wasn't shy about showing off.
As we chatted over the first week or two they told me they'd moved to be nearer his new office, where he was some kind of senior forensic accountant; which explained how they could afford their 4 bedroom house on our 10 property 'exclusive' cul-de-sac.
Me? I'm Carlo, a 60 year old widower with a grown up son and daughter with 4 grand-kids of varying ages and temperaments. I'm of Italian heritage so naturally dress very well, 5ft 10, middleweight if I'd been a boxer and matching salt n pepper hair and chest hair. Looks wise I've inherited my father's artisan wrinkled face; and as my wife used to say when I called them 'laughter lines' she always replied "Nothing's that bloody funny!"
Before my wife died five years previously I'd owned a building company and rented out a portfolio of 20+ houses dotted around the region. My wife dying crippled me in the year afterwards and I sold the business and gifted the rentals to my son and daughter.
While their house had remained empty I took it upon myself to keep the lawns and borders tidy; and it was quickly obvious neither of them took my pride in the gardens; so I agreed to continue as it was something of a hobby.
Sally didn't have a job at this stage, so we got to know each other quite well, as we'd chat while I worked and I got the feeling that she was quite bored; especially being quite far from her family and friends who lived over an hour or so away.
Just before they went away on holiday in the July it was a red hot day and I was cutting their back lawn in just my shorts and trainers when Sally appeared out of the kitchen with our usual coffees and biscuits ... only wearing a bikini!
Even as a man of my age and experience it was difficult to keep my eyes looking at or above her face .... honestly her boobage was even more spectacular than I'd ever thought; and I'd thought about them a lot late at night recently.
Obviously nothing 'happened' but I certainly got the feeling she was enjoying teasing me; and I was enjoying being teased.
Three weeks later they arrived back from Ibiza, very suntanned and in time for my 60th birthday party in my garden. My assorted friends and family were already having fun when Sally and Nick 'made their appearance.' H was wearing tailored shorts and a linen shirt that emphasised his tan and toned body, much to my daughter's delight; and Sally's dress brought a lot of surreptitious attention from all the males, including my grinning 14 year old grandson.
Not long afterwards a friend in the building trade needed an office manager and I suggested Sally; who aced the interview and started a new job, just as her husband got a promotion that meant quite a bit of travel around the country and Europe.
Although I was happy she'd got the job and had openly pondered "I really don't know how to thank you .... let me think of something special." then winked; I was a bit sad as I was losing my 'coffee buddy.'
Hey ho; life went on. We'd still say 'hello' in passing and occasionally at the Peacock Pub alongside Nick on a Friday night; although it always seemed a bit 'beneath him' and he'd probably have preferred being at the golf club; but Sally always seemed at home among my friends and a couple of women from builders merchant that she was working at who were regulars.
I guess it was a Thursday night in early September when I was washing my Fiat 124 Spider on the drive as she arrived home from work when the 'switch was flicked'.
"Hello stranger," I smiled and stopped washing. "Still having fun?"
Sally grimaced as she struggled to get some shopping bags out of the back of her VW Golf, which gave me a lovely view of her delightful arse in her tight skirt.
Eventually locking the car she turned to face me and sighed, "Work? Yes ... I really can't thank you enough for 'putting a word in' for me." She then took a deep breath, "Otherwise .... life's a bit shit really."
"Oh." I replied, not knowing what else to say.
"Sorry." Sally sighed again, "Nick was meant to be back home tonight, but ..... he 'has to be away' again, all weekend ... probably until Wednesday."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." I lied.
She looked a bit glum and shrugged her shoulders; "And .... he was supposed to be driving me into town tomorrow night for my friends hen party."
'Town' was about a thirty minute drive away and I knew her friends and family all lived a similar difference on the other side; and because of the position of our village in the middle of nowhere was financially prohibitive for a return taxi ride.
She went into her house and I finished washing my car.
Later I had a brainwave and knocked on her kitchen door when I saw the light on.
"Hi." Sally smiled when she opened the door, wearing a short silk kimono that was only loosely tied and showed she wasn't wearing a bra underneath, revealing enough boob to give me a twitch in my pants, "can I help?"
"Well hopefully I can help you. Tomorrow night? How about I drive you there and pick you up at midnight?" I offered.
"Really?" Sally looked and sounded shocked.
"Yes, I've got no other plans .... and I have a friend who lives in the centre that I haven't seen for a while .... any way, what do you think?"
"My God!" She gasped and suddenly smiled like her head would explode, "are you sure?"
"No problem my dear." I feigned a bow. "What time do you need to be there?"
"About 7?"
"Okay ..... so how about 6.15?"
"Oh my God Carlo ..... I've said it so many times, how can I ever thank you?"
I smiled and dismissed her with a wave of my hand, then turned back to cross the passage between our houses.
At the allotted time on Friday I knocked on Sally's front door then stepped over the adjoining wall between or drives and held the Fiat's passenger door for her.
"Bloody Hell!" I gasped when I saw the way my young neighbour was dressed.
"You like?" Sally grinned and did a twirl, giving me a 360 degree view of her very short, and skin tight black rubbery dress with a very low cleavage, that may have allowed her tits to bounce out if she'd had to run .... but her improbably high heals would preclude that anyway.
"You don't look too shabby yourself." My young neighbour grinned, spotting that I was dressed in my my Belstaff Harrington jacket, white Fred Perry tab collar shirt, Levi chinos and new Paul Smith suede Chelsea boots.
As she slid into the passenger seat her dress immediately rode up her thighs exposing her pink panties.
"Oops!" She giggled and adjusted the dress as best she could.
"Does Nick know you're gallivanting in a dress like that?" I grinned.
"I don't give a shit what he thinks about anything at the moment." She harrumphed, " Anyway" she pondered, looking me up and down, "This 'friend' you're meeting? A lady friend I presume."
I merely grinned.
"Do you know what?" Sally smiled, "I've never actually been in a sports car before."
"Really I grinned as we left the village, so dropped a gear as we were on a winding country road and made the engine roar.
"Bloody Hell!" She giggled holding onto the dashboard with one hand and the hem of her dress with the other.
She laughed and giggled all the way into town and had eventually given up protecting her modesty by gripping her dress, letting me have plenty more glimpses of her panties.
I easily found the bar they were meeting in and two women were waiting for her as I pulled up. For a laugh I ran around the car to let Sally out, conveniently forgetting that there was every chance I'd get a good look up her dress again as she clambered out; and I wasn't disappointed as she deliberately spread her legs wide, letting me see what looked a nice crease in the centre and a freshly shaved pussy down one side of her tightly stretched panties, which elicited a saucy wink from my sexy neighbour.
I then drove to my friends house with a bit of a stiffy in my pants as I parked outside my friend Julia's flat.
We'd first met two years previously via an online website for people our age who were 'looking for uncomplicated relationships.'
Just like that first night we went for dinner and returned to her home about 9 where we went straight to the bedroom, passionately undressed each other (she was wearing very sexy lingerie including stockings as usual) then rolled about the bed kissing and fondling each other, before sliding into a 69 where we both showed our expertise in oral sex. I've always loved going down on a woman; especially my wife; and Julia in turn loved sucking cock; something her ex-husband hadn't been keen on.
Her skills were so good and with the aid of a Viagra my cock soon got very hard, much to her delight.
As usual Julia got on top and straddled me, allowing me to stroke her stockings and watch her boobs bounce until she 'came' then rolled off; allowing me to fuck her 'missionary style' for 5 or 6 minutes, until I too 'came' splashing my cum onto her luxurious pubes.
We lay together for ten minutes, then Julia put on her dressing gown and went to make a pot of tea while I cleaned up.
I left her flat at about 11, and drove around admiring the young people queuing for clubs and taxis; especially the sexy young women who generally were wearing very little; which got me to thinking about Sally and what mischief she might be getting up to; which made my cock twitch again.
I eventually parked up close to the bar she'd told me that they would end up in, with a view of the entrance but didn't want to look like I was rushing her.
Just after midnight as I was dozing off my phone rang. It was Sally, who was drunkenly shouting to be heard, but I got the gist that she was waiting for me.
Three minutes later I pulled up behind a taxi and had to get out of the car to attract her attention. She waved; hugged three other women, then waddled down some steps towards me.
As before I held the door open, but got surprised when she hugged me tightly, rubbing her tits against me then gave me a lingering and slobbery kiss on the cheek, while slurring her 'thanks' again, then with no decorum whatsoever flopped into the passenger seat and barely noticed that her short dress was back up to her waist, fully exposing her tiny pink thong and no pubic hair anywhere noticeable.
"I'm pleased to see you've still got them on!" I teased her.
"Shit!" Sally giggled, as she fumbled with the seat belt and hem of her dress at the same time. "Fuck it!" she eventually gasped as she gave up on her dress and concentrated on clicking the catch into place.
As I pulled away from the kerb she laughed, "It got close at one stage."
"What was" I asked.
"Keeping my knickers on!" She chuckled and had another attempt at pulling her dress down to cover her pink vee.
"Really? You minx."
"He was gorgeous ... a rugby player or something .... kept trying to get me to go out back with him."
"But you were a good girl?"
"I must be getting boring." She sighed then grinned at me. "Do you think I'm boring?"
I laughed, "not when you're dressed like that I don't." Then thought for a moment; "no ... not boring ... just becoming more grown up?"
"Bollocks to that!" She sighed then smiled again.
"Anyway, you dirty dog ... what have you been up to with your lady friend?"
"Hahahaha .... a gentleman never tells. Plus I'm nicely discrete."
"You've had your leg-over ... haven't you?" She giggled.
"I'm not saying."
"That means you have -- you lucky sod."
I turned to look at her only to find she'd twisted to look at me, making the strap separate and exaggerate her already large boobs and her pink panties were still on show with Sally making no attempt to hide them.
"Lucky?"
"Yeh." She sighed, "I've not had sex for three weeks ... and I'm fucking married. If I go much longer it'll heal up."
All I could do was laugh, even though my cock was still twitching, she was still in her twenties, married, very sexy and most important of all ... my next door neighbour. I knew I had no chance. When I got home, even though I'd had sex with Julia a few hours earlier, a wank was still in order when I got home.
"So .... this friend .... do tell." Sally giggled. "I need to have something to think about later."
"You naughty girl." I smiled as I turned to look at her again, panties still on view to the world and her chest looking a bit flushed and heaving up and down.
"I met her online." I sighed as I confessed, "I don't want to sound vain; but Julia is one of four women 'of a certain age' that I have occasional sex with. I've met them all through the same website.... it started about 18 months after my wife died. At first I was genuinely happy just going for dinner with an attractive woman; it was a good excuse to dress up and have some interesting company."
I looked at her and saw she had a twinkle in her eye; so continued.
"Then, a woman called Pat rang me up asking if I wanted to come over for a coffee. I though 'okay' and drove over; I was hardly through the door when she was naked and pulling my trousers down and had my ...." I looked at her and she was still smiling, "my ... cock out and began ... sucking it!"
"Really?" Sally whispered.
"Yep... it turned out she thought I was too shy to 'hit on her' like every other bloke she'd met on the site ... and I guess she was right."
"Then what did she do." Sally panted.
I raised my eyebrows and grinned; "she gave me a blowjob I'll never forget."
"Wow." Sally gasped as she moved in her seat to make herself more comfortable.
"Wow indeed. The next I knew we were on her settee fucking like teenagers. She was and still is, very inventive ... that's for sure."
"What do you mean?"
"Well .... next time you're in the Post Office and some lady my age is holding the queue up; just think that the night before she might have been hog-tied with a dildo up her arse while sucking off her lover and his mate!"
"Fucking Hell." Sally grinned, "Really?"
"Oh yes .... she's keen on stuff like that." I winked, now thinking that my luck might be in after all.
"Wow." Sally gasped again and looked off into the middle distance with her eyelids getting heavier, as we drove trough the village and entered our estate.
"We are home m'lady." I laughed, giving her my best 'Parker from Thunderbirds' impression.
"Oh ... shit!" Sally gasped not realising where she was, then shook her head to try and wake up.
I held the passenger door open then proffered a hand to help her out; which she gratefully took. I couldn't stop grinning as she climbed out of the small roadster with no grace whatsoever; her left leg spreading at a 50 degree angle from the other; giving me a very racy view between her legs and seeing her tiny panties were hardly covering her pussy and when she leaned forward to push I thought her tits might tumble out of her dress.
Once standing up she drunkenly straightened her very short and tight rubbery dress, then grinned when she caught me looking.
"Haven't you had enough for one night?" she chuckled. I didn't reply but grinned and raised my eyebrows in a 'knowing way.'
"Do you want to come in for a drink?" Sally slurred and smiled.
"What would the neighbours think?" I replied; knowing full well only one house overlooked ours and at this ungodly hour, their house was all in darkness.
"Fuck 'em!" My horny young neighbour laughed then flicked a V-sign in their direction.
"Just a quickie then." I smirked.
"I don't like quickies" Sally pursed her lips as she looked me in the eyes, "that's for kids."
"Okay, let's see how big your measures are then." I tried not to get my hopes up; as there was every chance she would fall asleep within five minutes.
"Just in case, I think you should go in your door and me mine, for safety's sake."
"Ha!" She snorted, "then you can come in my back door." A second later she realised her double entendre and giggled with her hand over her mouth; "Do you want to 'come in my back door' Carlo?" She sexily purred and winked. "Anyway ... I will need some help unzipping my dress."
I smiled and pointed her towards her door, then put my key in my own door, chuckling as I watched her fumbling with her key.
Five minutes later, suitably spruced up and bladder emptied, I took a deep breath as I opened my kitchen door which was opposite my neighbours.
Her light was on and the door slightly open .... game on!
Although I'd had a short and torrid affair with a woman six doors away, two years previously I'd told myself not to 'piss on my own doorstep' as it was too dangerous.
But seeing Sally tonight and having got to now her over I was pretty sure, no matter how drunk she was she knew exactly what she was doing.
I slowly pushed the door open and tentatively entered the kitchen, then slowly walked across the room then saw Sally enter the living room. I followed.
As I stood in the doorway Sally was pouring two glasses of red wine, then turned to hand me one.
We stood in silence sipping our wine, and it was quickly obvious she wanted me to make the first move. "Put your glass down." I told her in a stern voice.
With a thin smile she did as she was told, and I put my glass next to hers.
"Are you sure about this?" I asked, giving her one last chance to 'see sense.' She nodded and meekly smiled.
"Turn around and I will unzip you." She immediately complied, lifting her hair up to allow me to find the top of the zip. It took a few seconds, then the zip eventually opened with ease. Kissing her neck and shoulders I helped her pull the rubbery dress down to her hips, then slid my hands through and took hold of her massive tits, which where just as rubbery as her dress and made her sigh, then moan as I fondled and gently jiggled them, before tickling her already stiff nipples.
I was still playing with her tits as she wriggled out of the dress, leaving her in just her unfeasibly high heels and the tiny pink G-string.
Still holding a lovely tit with one hand, I took half a step back so I could admire her arse .... and it was certainly an arse well worth admiring.
"Bend over." I whispered, and a second later she was touching her toes, tits dangling and her arse looking as tight as a drum, so I began caressing her cheeks then sliding a finger or two between them to stroke her wet pussy through the thin nylon, which made her purr and sigh.
"Stand up," I whispered again, and as she did so I spun her around to face me, and she was grinning from ear to ear.
Being old fashioned I moved in to kiss her; but she wasn't sure so it didn't last long, I then bent to kiss and lick her tits and nipples while sliding a hand between her legs, cupping her quim through her panties and rubbing it with my palm.
Sally smiled and began rotating her hips and grinding down on my hand.
I slowly moved my hand until my thumb was just inside the top of the panties, then looked at Sally who grinned, so pulled them down to her knees then my hand went back to her bald pussy which was hat and very sticky as I slid my middle finger in, which made her go "ooooh... that's nice." So, in deeper it went.
As I fingered her Sally she began caressing my cock through my chinos; "Mmmm," she purred, "is it good to go a second time tonight?"
"I hope so .... it's a long time since it fucked two women in one night."
"Let's see if I can give it a head start then." She giggled as she began unbuttoning my chinos then between us we pulled them and my boxers down, "so far so good." She smiled with a twinkle in her eyes then stroked my chubby.
"Sit down." she winked, and as soon as my arse hit the velour she had my cock in her mouth and was squeezing my balls and a stray finger slid underneath and tickled my arsehole!
It didn't take long for the Viagra to do its magic for the second time of the night and the blood filled it to the brim!
Boy, could Sally suck a cock! Her tongue was like velvet and a couple of times I thought she was going to suck my balls up through my piss hole.
Satisfied it was hard enough .... and it was now so hard, it hurt, Sally sexily pushed me back onto the sofa then stood up and straddled me, until she had my cockhead rubbing against her slit .... then she delicately lowered herself until my 60 year old cock was filling her young married cunt.
I went to speak, but she put a manicured finger onto my lips as she built up a head of steam fucking me like a porn star and all I had to do was lie back and 'think of England' watching her tits bounce like balloons in the wind. After 5 minutes or so she visibly tired, rolling her hips and grinding down on the base of my dick.
"My turn now." I winked and helped her off and onto her back by cock swinging between my legs.
Sally looked a bit surprised when I didn't move to fuck her but went in face first, running my tongue up and down her hot gash, and edging my shoulder under her thigh until I raised it in the air making her cunt a bit tighter and more sensitive for my tongue.
When I pushed two fingers in her hole Sally sighed and grabbed my head, then began panting and grinding as I twisted my fingers and concentrated my tongue on her clit which was so hard it felt like a marble.
"Oh fuck Carlo!" Sally howled, "what the fuck? Oh sweet Jesus!" Followed by "Ooohh, ooh ....eek.. eek ... ooh-ya fucker ..... Yes... yes fucking YES!" The next thing I knew was I got a mouthful of something hot, sweet and sticky as she had a muscular orgasm, leaving her gasping and shaking.
I pulled away and Sally gripped her pulsating pussy.
"Fucking Hell... it's still fucking throbbing." She grinned.
"Enjoy that?" I asked as I stood up, tugging some more blood into my cock.
"Too fucking right," she sighed, "I can't remember the last time I got licked out ... and never like that, and that's the truth."
"Hmmmm," I chuckled waggling my cock, "I think I might need some more of your special talents to get this hard again."
"My pleasure." Sally grinned grabbing my cock and quickly wanking it then taking it in her mouth where she proceeded to suck it back to life; and even sliding he fingers between my arse and push her finger in my arse, which made me jump slightly; but it was more fun than I'd have ever have expected and alongside her sexy blowjob; my cock was soon plenty hard enough, and with one eye on the clock got between my neighbours legs and pushed forward, my cock finding her hole like a guided missile.
In many ways 'a fuck is a fuck' but at my age fucking a sexy young woman with huge tits in her living room was very much more than 'just a fuck' .... it was fucking amazing; and because I'd fucked my lady friend a few hours earlier, lasted much longer than expected, until I got a mischievous idea.
"How'd you like me to 'cum in your back door' sweetheart?"
"Of God ... yes!" Sally gasped eyes wide open.
We fumbled to get her on her hands and knees, then I slid two fingers in her cunt, scooped some goo out and smeared it onto her ring, cheekily sliding them in up to my knuckles to see how receptive she was .... and she was.
My cock slid in two or three inches very easily, making her groan .... then I went straight into overdrive buggering her with a vengeance, until she was screaming like a bitch on heat.
The sight of my cock in her arsehole soon got too much for me and I first felt my orgasm as it tingled in my toes, and up my legs until my balls tightened and with my cock now buried balls deep in her young arse ... I spurted twice, groaning gutturally as Sally threw her head back grunting "Yes, yes, yes .... you dirty bastard .... YES!"
As I withdrew and flopped backwards into a sitting position I could see her arsehole pulsing and dribbles of spunk leaking out.
Sally covered it with her hand and twisted around to stand up.
"Fuck Carlos .... how much did you shoot? There's fucking loads coming out." Sally drunkenly chuckled.
I think she was exaggerating; but I don't know who or what she was comparing me to -- maybe her husband wasn't a 'shooter' like me.
Sally wobbled off to get cleaned up and I quickly dressed, but waited for her return before I went home.
A couple of minutes later she returned, still sexily naked, "Fuck that was good .... all of it, especially you fucking my arse ..... Nick's not interested but me?" She raised her eyebrows and laughed.
"Are you going now?" She asked, "you can stay if you want."
"No .... thanks .... but it's best all around if I go home."
It was fun watching her waddle nakedly to the back door, where we kissed like teenagers.
As I opened the door, I turned ... "You know where I am when you get bored .... and I'm nicely discrete."