Chapter 11: Bankrupt Again
Now that her parents weren't paying them, these student loans kept draining her bank account dry. If she didn't or couldn't pay, her credit would be ruined forever. There was nothing legal she could do about them, either. She'd talked to the free student legal services about that to make sure. She just had to pay. Just to stay afloat, her bank account was again near zero.
She would need another ten thousand dollars to even catch up on the payments. Eventually, the loan company had contacted her directly after her parents had stopped paying. Martin's offer to lose her anal virginity on camera with Scott loomed large in her thinking. It was the kind of money that could save her financially. Nobody else was offering her nearly that much for one day of work. She couldn't spare much time to solve this if she wanted to save her grades as well. How much worse could the teasing get? The answer was none. Maybe Biff and Anna would be mad at her, but she didn't think so. More likely, they'd perv like hell on the new video and want her even more.
The part where it sounded like a very bad idea was the actual doing of it part. Scott's dick especially wouldn't fit up there. It was dirty, so she'd be in pain and smell her own crap for an hour or whatever. And she could hear the teasing from Martin already, "Lord, Kelly, what did you eat?" Unless they washed her insides out beforehand, which Scott had told her about. It sounded awful. And even then, more crap would come down, making the washing out just an extra torture. She had no illusions this would be an easy ten grand.
Over dinner at his place, Kelly mentioned the idea to Scott. "At the party, Martin offered me ten grand to lose my anal virginity on camera. He offered you five grand to help me do it."
"Hah hah that guy," replied Scott, taking another bite of food. "He never gives up."
"I'm considering it," she muttered.
"Sweetheart, I thought you never wanted to... what's going on with you?" Scott asked.
"It's my student debt," said Kelly. "My parents stopped paying it. So it's ten thousand dollars or bye-bye to my credit forever."
Scott swallowed hard. "I'll pay it."
"I can't let you do that," said Kelly.
"I'll lend you the money, then," proposed Scott.
Kelly blew up. "You're as bad as my parents! You think you can use it to control me? I can make my own money! I can tell Martin to hire another male talent!" Tears flew from her eyes. She got up and ran out onto the back deck, the dogs chasing happily after her.
"I'm sorry," Scott said from the sliding doorway. "I'm sorry. I was just trying to help. I know you can handle your own problems without any help from me. I just hate to see you tormented like this. And I know I'm an idiot. But I want to make forever plans with you, Kelly Langston. I want to make your problems my problems. I want to wake up every morning in bed next to you, and go to bed with you every night. I want to make your life heaven. I want you to become Kelly Miller."
"No way that's ever happening," said Kelly, turning toward him and wiping her tears. "Too many L's."
-----
The next day, Kelly strolled into the back room of the Sexy Lady Boutique. As usual, Martha was there by herself. "Hey, you want to go for coffee?" Kelly asked the curvy lesbian redhead. Seeing Martha again, Kelly was struck by her appearance. This even though her friend was wearing just a plain blouse, jeans, and sneakers. It had probably been the ninety minutes she'd spent with Anna. Kelly couldn't help wondering how good it would be with Martha. Probably even better. For one thing, she knew Martha was a hell of a lot more fun than Anna.
"Let me check," said Martha. She returned from the employees only part of the shop and said, "He'll let me go on break. His one condition was that you meet him when you get back. He's harmless. He just wants to meet you."
"Sure," said Kelly.
"Then let's go," said Martha.
They walked down to Plato's Coffee a block away and sat in a corner in the back. Even so, some demented kid stood up and shouted at them, "NNNNNGH!"
To his credit, the coffee shop proprietor came out from behind the counter and went over to the other table. "I can't have you harassing my customers," he said. "Kindly leave." The group, five boys, did so, coffees in hand. The proprietor came up to their table and said, "I'm terribly sorry. They've caused trouble in here before. Next time I'll turn them away."
"Thanks for your concern," said Kelly.
Eyes twinkling, the kindly old man said, "We must protect our famous movie star."
God damn it! He'd seen the video! Was it everybody? Literally everybody?
But she couldn't be mad at him. It was the kindest, gentlest way a man had perved on her since this entire thing began. And why shouldn't she make a kindly old man happy? He seemed genuinely moved to meet her in the flesh and was being very polite. She stood up, hugged him close, mmm, he smelled like coffee. She whispered all sexy in his ear, "It was all just for you."
He smiled a big smile at her, bowed, and scampered off joyfully, as much as a man his age could scamper. "By the look of him, I bet you'll get free coffee next time," Martha chuckled.
Kelly shared her money troubles with Martha. She shared also her plan, or at least the butt-painful one, she had undertaken to solve said troubles. "I'm also looking for part time work," said Kelly. "I'm worried nobody will hire me anymore because of the video."
"Ron will hire you," Martha said simply. "That's our boss. He pays well, too. Twenty dollars an hour."
"Wow, that's more than twice what I earned before," said Kelly.
"It's hard to find good reliable people to work in a sex toy shop," said Martha.
"But wouldn't I be stealing hours from you?" Kelly asked.
"I can only work forty hours a week, and Ron wants to extend the hours," said Martha. "Ask him when you talk to him."
"Oh Martha," said Kelly. The petite young blonde leaned in to give her friend a friendly peck on the cheek. Only inches away, face to face, she thought of the lesbian thing. Martha was standing her ground, a shy smile growing, her breathing quickening. Fuck it, I want this, Kelly thought, and kissed her full on the lips. She tasted like strawberries. The "I want you" kiss quickly turned into a hot mutual tongue rape kiss that held and held. Finally, they broke, panting. Kelly never thought she'd ever be kissing a girl, and meaning it, really meaning it.
"I want to believe you meant that," said Martha.
"I changed my mind from before," said Kelly.
"What changed your mind?" Martha asked.
Kelly didn't want to get into what she'd recently done for money. Instead, she told a half-truth. "I was recently on the set of a porn shoot. A friend of mine did it with some other girl, and it looked like fun to me."
"So you just want to have fun with me?" asked Martha.
"Friendly," said Kelly, "Yes. Friendly fun, for now. What do I know? But you know what I said. If I was ever interested in that, you'd be my choice. I wasn't lying. You're my choice, if you want to."
"I want to," said Martha, and they dove in for another great big long mutual tongue rape. Kelly was getting towards squirting wet. They broke up again, panting. Martha said, "It's time to go back."
"When do you get off work?" asked Kelly.
"Five," said Martha. "Meet me at the shop then?"
"Yes," said Kelly. "Where should we go? Not the dorm."
"I'll take you to my place," said Martha.
They gulped down the rest of their coffee and staggered out of there. "You're a lucky girl, Martha," said the old shopkeeper. The extra twinkle in his eye let them know he'd enjoyed watching their little smooch fest.
"I know it Rinaldo," said Martha waving back to him. "See you again soon."
"Anytime," said Rinaldo. "You young ladies always will be safe and welcome in my shop."
Martha and Kelly walked hand-in-hand to the Sexy Lady Boutique. Martha led Kelly back to Ron's office. "So this is the great Kelly Langston," said Ron. Kelly took a seat in front of his desk. Martha left them there to go mind the shop.
"How's that Vibro-Thrust treating you?" Ron asked. The question was just a tiny bit creepy given the expectant smile that accompanied it.
"My friends and I had many happy hours with it," Kelly said. "Now they all have their own."
"You speak in the past tense," Ron pointed out.
"That's because I shipped mine to my mom," said Kelly. "No offense. I would have kept it, except that the inventor of the thing is my boyfriend's ex-girlfriend, you see. I was afraid she would do something to mine that would sabotage my vagina. They're connected to all of them, you know."
"I didn't know," said Ron. "Good to know. She sounds vengeful."
"Every time she sees me, she points her finger at me and says, 'YOU!'. So I'm not gonna risk a ride. At least, not on my own one," said Kelly. "Would you?"
"Not on your life! But what about your mother?" asked Ron. "Isn't she in danger?"
Kelly waved a hand. "She'll know it's not me from the telepathy."
"It can read your mind?" asked Ron, incredulous.
"Worse, it can read your orgasms," said Kelly.
"Well, thank you for dropping by. It was wonderful meeting you," said Ron, standing up. Kelly saw his stiffy.
Kelly stayed seated. "I want a job."
Ron sat down again. "What, working here? I would think you'd be too busy being an escort or something."
"I do some of that," said Kelly, "but I want an honest job."
"It's refreshing to hear it called that," said Ron. "I'll tell you what. We'll try you out for a week, part time mind you. I'll pay you the full starting wage of twenty dollars an hour. Then we'll see. Fair enough?"
"I won't let you down Mr... uh... Ron," said Kelly earnestly.
"I'm counting on you not letting me down," said Ron, again with that creepy smile.
There was a moment of awkward silence between them.
"You're an escort, right?" asked Ron.
"I would never mention or try anything inappropriate with the customers," said Kelly.
"Oh, no, I know you wouldn't. I'm sure that will all work out great," said Ron. "But if you don't mind me asking..."
"Anything," said Kelly with a smile.
"Just looking at you, talking to you, has got me up, so to speak," said Ron.
"I know what you're saying," Kelly prompted.
"Now, I could just slowly climb down. Don't worry about me. I used to be a Boy Scout," said Ron. "But I was wondering how much you'd charge to fly me down, so to speak. With your mouth."
"Well, since you were so kind and gave me the nice toy," said Kelly.
"Yes?" said Ron expectantly.
"And since you've been so nice and agreed to try me out for the job," said Kelly.
"Yes?"
"And since you used to be a Boy Scout," she said.
"C'mon, Kelly, please," Ron said.
"I'm not done yet. And since I want to show you in no uncertain terms I won't let you down," Kelly said.
"I'm dying here," said Ron.
"A hundred dollars," said Kelly.
"That's a hell of a deal," said Ron. He got five twenties out of his desk. Kelly grabbed them and stuffed them into her wallet. Then she got on her hands and knees and crawled around his desk like a wildcat.
He unzipped. She said, "No, no, no. I want your pants and panties down to your knees at least, Mr. Boy Scout. No scratchy zippers near my blowjob." Ron smiled and willingly complied, and sat back down. He was right. He had a rock hard pecker about the size and shape of boyfriend number three. Easy. She got between his knees and gulped it down. Blowing Scott had made blowing dicks like this child's play. As she bobbed on him and swizzled her tongue lasciviously, she cradled and stroked his balls with one hand. This used to get boyfriend three off in no time.
Ron appeared to be no different. He gripped the table and groaned with effort. Kelly heard him mutter, "twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five" under his breath. He was desperately trying to hang on.
"Sold another one!" Martha said from the doorway. Ron and Kelly both jumped. The desk hid Kelly from view. "Where's Kelly?" Martha asked.
"Oh... hum..." said Ron, "She's in the can! She had to go to the can."
"Looks like you need to go, too," said Martha.
"Yes..." Ron groaned. "That... just trying to be polite to our guest."
"So are you going to give her a tryout?" asked Martha.
"YES!" cried Ron, "Yes... you don't know... how eager I was... to try her out! Look, can I catch up to you in a few minutes? I need to concentrate on, you know... Uhh..."
"Oh, sure," said Martha, and wandered off.
Ron's hands flew off his desk and gripped Kelly's hair firmly. He ejaculated powerfully and copiously down her throat. Kelly swallowed a couple of times. Mothers and saints! He hadn't cum like that since his twenties. It was literal heaven. She'd made him feel like a sex god, too. And look at her, an honest-to-god knockout kneeling under his desk, licking his cum off her fingers.
-----
At five o'clock on the dot, Martha walked out the front door of the Sexy Lady Boutique. She found Kelly leaning against the storefront looking hot in a tight skimpy black asymmetrical dress and waffle stompers. Some jerk from across the street shouted at her, "You're selling it on the street now, whore?!"
"Bite me!" screamed Kelly.
Martha flipped him the bird and cried, "Fuck off!" She turned to Kelly and said in a much friendlier tone, "You should have come into the store."
"No, I can deal with these morons," Kelly replied. "I'm getting good at it."
"I don't want you to have to, and you are..." Martha's voice trailed off. Kelly looked at her with doe eyes and a wry, shy smile. It was her succulent shape as she pushed off the wall and stood there. Martha figured she'd better say something. Something about the intense romantic and sexual feelings Kelly had just elicited in her. She caught herself. "I like your outfit."
"Oh, this," said Kelly, laughing nervously.
There is a Cupid for lesbians. It's the same size as those little babies, but it's a butch dyke with bat wings. It's dressed in black leather with lots of tattoos and piercings. Her arrows have barbs all the way down the shaft. That's the way Martha felt in that moment. She was never getting the fucking thing out.
Martha reached tentatively for Kelly's hand. "Can I..."
Kelly reached up to stroke Martha's cheek. "You silly." Then she kissed her. Their bodies smashed together like two powerful magnets, arms tight around each other, plunging tongues. Kelly lifted one leg and wrapped it around the backs of Martha's.
"Hey, get a room," a man called from across the street. They whirled to confront him, but saw it was just a smiling man who didn't know them. Plus, it was good advice. They walked off hand in hand to Martha's place, which was in a boarding house near campus.
Martha had four roommates, two men and two women, all college-age. They were in their shared kitchen together chatting while one was making his dinner. It was at the back of the second floor of the two story house where they all lived. Climate change was the topic when Kelly's orgasmic cries were first heard. Louder and louder, they came reverberating down the hallway from Martha's room. The roommates fell silent, smiled, and raised their eyebrows at one another. The guys especially were having trouble maintaining their composure. Bertrand bit his knuckle, and the women teased him in whispers. The other guy, Steve, fished out some index cards and a Sharpie.
The cries died down half an hour later, and Martha appeared to get two of her beers. She passed them to get to the fridge. They all simultaneously held up index cards with tens written on them, like the Olympics. Martha blushed deeply and retreated with her beers.
In Martha's bedroom, curled up in her bed, Kelly and Martha ignored the world. After the beers, it was time for Martha to make some noise her roommates had never heard before. It wasn't because she hadn't had other lovers in there. "I feel like I'm bad," Kelly shared. "I've only had boyfriends before except once."
"How can you say that?" scolded Martha. "It's you I want between my legs. I've never felt this way about a lover before." She realized she'd said more than she'd wanted to. To hide her embarrassment and fear, she showered Kelly's face with kisses.
In between more frantic times, they kissed for hours. Martha was more handsy, stroking Kelly's body, her taut breasts, so unlike her full bouncy ones. Martha rubbed Kelly's back. She grabbed her taut ass. She used her fingers to make slow love in Kelly's holes while she kissed her face, neck, and breasts. Every part of her couldn't get enough of every part of Kelly. In turn, she let Kelly try anything she wanted with her. They fell asleep in each other's arms.
In the middle of the night, Kelly woke up in the moonlight when Kelly started licking her. It felt so good! She pulled Martha's hips over her face and joined her in an unrestrained bout of clit kissing. When they were cuddling afterwards, Martha confessed, "I woke up desperate. I had to taste you again, feel you move under my mouth."
Kelly held Martha's face in her small hands. "Martha, you can wake me up and have me anytime." They kissed again, passionately. The kissing led to other things with fingers and tongues and holding hands over mouths and shushing.
In the morning, Kelly was awakened by being penetrated by something long, girthy, and cold. It was Martha looming over her, thrusting her hips, penetrating her with something. She orgasmed. It got warmer. The long, slow fucking went on and on. Martha's dick stayed rock hard, no surprise. It started to feel to Kelly like a part of Martha. She could feel Martha's love slowly tapping and squeezing out a rhythm on her back wall. She orgasmed again and again and again until she lost all sense of time. "Shouldn't I do something for you?" she finally asked.
"Sweetheart, I just came seven times fucking your sweet pussy," Martha answered. "You know those times I slow down and grunt and grunt like a fucking pig? That's me cumming from fucking you."
"I thought you were just getting tired," sighed Kelly. "Please keep going and cum in me again," she whimpered. It took a while and several more orgasms wrung out of Kelly, but Martha did.
By then it was getting to be late morning. Martha showed Kelly her device. It was a double dildo with a sharp turn in it. Kelly's end was like a big fat dick. Martha's end was shorter and much girthier. "This end sticks in my pussy nice and tight so I can fuck you as hard as I want to. It jerks my clit and feels wonderful as I fuck you. I like it in the mornings."
"Fuck me whenever you want to," said Kelly. "I like it."
"I gathered that from the noises you made and the puddle of grool you left in my bed," said Martha.
"Sorry about that," said Kelly.
"I'll treasure it," said Martha. "I want you to douse every square inch of my bed just the same."
They dressed and emerged from Martha's room. She found that her goofy roommates had left the index cards in front of her door. They found a couple of the roommates, the women Sandra and Night, in the kitchen. "Hi Martha, Hi Ten," they greeted. Her roommates went to the trade school across town and not the university. They didn't know Kelly.
"You've never given any of my guests nicknames before," said Martha.
"We can tell she's a keeper," Night said simply.
"And now we see she's fuckin' hot, too," said Sandra.
Then the lovers went to Kelly's favorite waffle place for breakfast, Kelly's treat.
-----
Friday evening, Kelly was riding Scott to an astounding series of orgasms on his couch. Their lovemaking just got better and better, like he said it would. As she was reaching ever so close to her next, the front door unlocked and Ratidaa strolled in. "AAHH!!" cried Kelly, hustling to cover herself.
"That's it, honey, just- Ratidaa!" cried Scott. "You said you were done doing this! And where did you get that key?!"
"I found it," said Ratidaa. "I'm here to see the dogs. Oh, and, to tell you two there's no hard feelings. Not anymore. I have a new boyfriend. And Scott, I have a new men's toy I've been developing. I think you could give helpful feedback. It's a thousand dollars for a day of your time. Are you willing?" The dogs milled, rubbed, and scooched against her, the turncoats.
"Will you give the keys back?" Scott asked.
"Yes," said Ratidaa.
"All the keys?" asked Scott.
"Yes," said Ratidaa.
"And if you find more, throw them away instead of using them?" asked Scott.
"Yes," said Ratidaa.
"We can meet in the park if you want the dogs for an afternoon," said Scott.
"That would be wonderful," said Ratidaa.
"Wonderful," said Scott. "I'll take the job."
"Wonderful," said Ratidaa. "I'll be in touch." And with that, she turned left and bounced down the basement stairs. The dogs bounded after her.
After the basement door slammed shut, Kelly asked, "Why the hell did you do that? Maybe she's made something that will cut your dick off."
"I'll be fine," said Scott. "If she hurts me, their company would be kaput, and her partners would choke her to death."
"But that would be after the part where SHE CUTS YOUR DICK OFF!" Kelly persisted.
"I'll be fine," Scott soothed, and made to pick her up and carry her to the bedroom.
"No you don't, mister," Kelly insisted. "I'm not going to move my ride because of your crazy vengeful ex, no way. She can move." She returned to undulating her hips and stroking herself in and out of Scott. On her face was the intense concentration of extreme pleasure.
From down the basement stairs, cries from Ratidaa wrestling with the dogs wafted up. "Clifton! Oh, you, Clifton! Not up there! Bonker, hang on! Clifton! So aggressive today, sweetie pie! Ughhhh!"
-----
The next day, Kelly set up regular dates with Biff and Anna. Biff was every Wednesday evening. Anna was every other Tuesday evening.
As expected, Scott caved in and agreed to book the gig with Martin. It was only after this that Kelly returned to the dread of Scott's giant dick breaking her anus. But the die was cast. Martin's own dick was smaller and would have been a smarter choice. She bet Martin would be all for the idea, the perv. But it was too late now, and she didn't trust Martin by himself anyway. She was an idiot, and she would pay. She'd probably have to wear an adult diaper for the rest of her life.
(To be continued)