It was early afternoon and Dan was nervous. He was in his early 50's, with a bit of a paunch that had developed over the past several years since the kids were born. Dan was on conference in California and found himself alone one afternoon - the conference was on a break and he had a couple hours to kill.
Driving on the highway the other day, Dan had seen the billboard for the Gentleman's club and was drawn to it. Although he was curious about strip clubs, he had never actually been in one before. He had friends who went but he always backed out when decision time came. He was happily married, not sure he wanted to go with a group, and always worried someone he knew might see him there and think less of him. And now, as he was getting older, he didn't really want to be a creepy old man.
All that said, Dan was still really curious and wanted to check out a club and this seemed to be the perfect opportunity. When he checked out the club website, it looked like a classier place - reviews of beautiful women, fully nude, but no touching and no alcohol. He googled strip club etiquette to find out what it might cost, how things worked, and where to sit in the club. And so, here he was on a sunny Thursday afternoon, palms just a bit sweaty, turning into the driveway. He parked the car, walked up to the window, paid the cover and was buzzed inside.
It took a bit for Dan's eyes to adjust to the low lighting and he discovered that it was very much a quiet time at the club, with very few patrons. "Good," he thought to himself. As he walked in, he noted the stage with the pole was currently empty, between sets.
Dan was greeted by a lovely lady, petite, with long dark hair, and very well built. She took his hand and said, "Welcome to the club, my name is Katya," and smiled at him.
He smiled back and said, "Hello," trying not to let his nervousness show.
The "hostess" asked Dan what brought him here and he told her he was on a conference, that he had seen their sign and was curious, and that this was his first time at a club. Katya took him to the bar to pick up a soda, showed him the club, then sat next to him at a table and started a conversation.
Dan couldn't believe he was talking with such a beautiful young lady. Actually being new at this, he wondered if she were a call girl and if so, what he would be getting into, or how he might extricate himself without hurting her feelings.
The 5 foot 4, brown eyed, 25 year old asked Dan, "What brings you in today?"
Dan let her know it was curiosity. He quickly discovered that she was easy to talk to and intelligent. She was pursuing a psych degree at a local university and was dancing to earn money to pay her way through school. Her parents knew about her job and approved, because it was a classy club and very safe, where the rules were strictly followed.
Katya learned that Dan had a career in IT and that he had been happily married for over 25 years, which she thought was beautiful. Usually she would tell customers what they wanted to hear, but this older guy seemed so romantic and it was melting her heart. Katya loved that he treated her as a smart woman and not a piece of meat, and that he was so easy to talk with.
In the course of their conversation, Katya told the gentleman that she wasn't seeing anyone and that she had dated off and on but must be too picky because she hadn't had that true spark of someone with whom she could spend her life with.
Dan told her, "You are beautiful and smart. Don't worry, the right person will come around eventually."
After a quick bit about politics, they somehow got to talking about first times and losing their virginity. "Mine was a good experience but it didn't last," Katya smiled.
"Mine was different. I married my first and only," Dan responded and Katya became even more attracted to him.
Katya then explained how private dances worked, talked about prices and asked him, "So what do you think?"
What he thought was, how beautiful this woman was and how much he wanted to have her dance for him. He replied, "I think I'd like to have you dance 3 songs for me," eyes twinkling and grinning from ear to ear.
She smiled back at Dan and went over the rules - no touching and payment up front, then asked him, "How do you feel? Is this really your first time?"
Dan responded with a smile and a nod and Katya knew that she had to make this dance special for him. She led him over and sat him in the booth, smiled sweetly and asked, "Ready?"
Dan smiled back into her big brown eyes, and whispered, "Yes."
Katya began to perform, sliding her body above his, but not touching, fully clothed in a t-shirt and tight, short shorts. She passed her lips over his, her long hair brushing his neck, and it was all Dan could do not to grab her and kiss her. She slid her face to his neck, breathing gently, making Dan instantly hard.
He pulled his hands close to his side, so that he wouldn't reach out and break the rules. He looked into her eyes, smiling, as she slid out of her top, revealing petite, gorgeous, round breasts. Katya took her nipples in her fingers and rolled them, bringing them within tongue's reach of Dan.
Dan was mesmerized by her beauty. Katya saw the look of lust in his eyes before he looked up from her chest, smiled sweetly at her and winked. She felt his lust... no it was more than that. She felt his full appreciation of her, and she started to become rather aroused, something that didn't generally happen.
As the music carried on, the talented dancer slid between Dan's legs, and slipped her face over his crotch, again so close but not quite touching. She looked up at him, smiled, and asked, "Did you just wink at me?"
He replied that he had, and her desire to please him and her own personal desire continued to build. Katya slipped off her shorts, revealing her blue lace panties to Dan. Still between his legs, she leaned back and lifted her bottom, presenting it to him. He let out a little moan, as he caught site of her tight ass and the gorgeous panties. Katya could sense his want, and slipped her thumbs into either side of the blue lace and slowly thrust towards him, sliding the panties down to her knees and then off.
Dan's eyes were glued to the hot young lady, watching as she revealed the last of herself to him. She had a beautifully shaved pussy, with large full lips, unblemished skin, and a smooth, taut butt.
Katya sat back up and slithered up, her sultry lips again almost touching his, before she continued on. She slowed as her breasts passed his lips and actually found herself wanting him to break the rules and take a little taste, imagining the feel of his tongue on her erect nipples. But when he didn't, she knew Dan was a true gentleman and that made her begin to really want him. She placed a foot on the seat on either side of him, climbed up, and offered him her pussy.
Dan noticed the light, lovely scent of her perfume, his eyes glued to her pussy. He had never been with another woman and wondered what it would be like to be with this one. He had to be careful not to actually drool.
Katya could feel the older man's desire, and she traced the outline of her pussy flesh with her finger. She watched him, noticing that his eyes never strayed from the finger, watching it slide down one side, then up the other and then stop at her clit. Katya rubbed her button, and was surprised by the bolt of pleasure it gave her - there truly was something special about this guy. She felt herself moisten.
"That never happens at work," she thought, and started to imagine what it would be like to be with this older man. She asked herself "Is he cut? How big is he? Would he take good care of her? Would he even consider me?"
Katya rolled over to her back and pretended to hump Dan, laying back so that she was chest up and her head lay above his shoulder.
Dan turned and looked into her eyes, smiled at her and whispered, "Gorgeous! You are simply amazing."
Customers normally never looked into Katya's face that way, focussing instead on her genitals and making crude remarks. Katya smiled back at Dan, and said, "Thank you," blushing slightly.
She nestled her head next to him, flipping over seductively and placed her lips close to his, wanting to kiss him, wanting to invite him home with her, but sighing inside because she couldn't break the rules.
Dan watched Katya move, imagined what she would taste like, and wished she might slip a bit and touch him. He imagined being somewhere else with her, somewhere quiet, just the two of them.
Katya continued her performance, climbing up and showing off her pussy one last time. She spread her lips, showing off her wetness, and warmed even more when Dan simply let out a soft "Mmmm". Sadly, the dancer's time was drawing to an end, and she slowly slid down, "accidentally" brushing his shorts and feeling his hardness, before dismounting and sitting next to him.
Dan gave a very light clap of his hands in appreciation - something that she truly appreciated and again something that almost never happened. So much better than the silly high five she got from many of the typical clients.
The young brunette sat naked beside Dan and asked him, "So, what did you think?"
Dan replied, "You were totally amazing. It was all I could do, not to wrap my arms around you or reach out with my tongue and taste you."
"Such a true gentleman, and so romantic." She sighed, "and I love those little winks. I actually can't wink." She smiled and tried to wink at him. "See?"
Katya asked how long he was in town and found out he had a couple more days. Dan asked her if she had ever broken the rules, to which she answered sheepishly, "I have never even kissed, let alone gone out with a customer."
Her time was now over, and as she began to get dressed, and she noticed another wink and the twinkle in his eyes. After Dan thanked her one more time, she gave him a hug and made a decision. During the embrace, she whispered in his ear, "my real name starts with a Z. I've never done this before, but if you can guess my name, I am off tomorrow and would love to spend some time with you."
Dan smiled back, and couldn't believe his fortune. He thought hard and quickly said "Zarah? I can meet you for lunch at one."
Katya nodded and said, "You're right," and told him the name of her favourite restaurant. As she watched the older man leave, she asked herself, I wonder how he will react when he finds out my name is Zoey."