My name is Chris; I am now 40 years old. I have a brother Kenneth, two years younger, and a sister, Stephanie who is now 47 years old, although looking at her, you wouldn't put her past 35-38.
Our father left us after Kenneth was born. I don't know what led mum to marry the ungrateful bastard. Whatever it was, is now beyond knowing, as my mother passed away when we were still young. At that time, Stephanie was 18 years old, which made her the head of the family. This meant that Kenneth and I just accepted her to be our natural, adoptive mother.
No need to say that as a family which had gone through much together, we loved and protected each other fiercely. Steph, despite being quite good-looking, had decided that she never wanted to marry, afraid of falling into the same parent trap. As matter of fact, all the family had married rather badly.
I wanted to, but never found the right girl, while Kenneth turned out to be attracted to men as much as to women. We considered him as bi, although he hated labels. Sex is sex, and we are all just bodies, he used to reason.
At home he rarely wore clothes, and even into his twenties, insisted on going naked most of the time. Naturally, Stephanie had bathed us and clothed us, so there really were no secrets between us. Many a time, she used to take her bath with us, and in all honesty, we never made a fuss over anything.
As time went by, growing up was a pleasure and a pain at the same time. Kenneth's dress code (or lack of it) had filtered down to us, and some days we just never bothered to dress at all. I don't have to spell it out that being naked with your brother and sister at home was very cool. I admit to having a boner most of the time. Stephanie would just tell me to go and wank it off, while I used to tell her to make me.
Finally one Saturday, after seeing me walk around the house with a perpetual hard on (Steph was incredibly hot with a nice pair of boobs, a C cup!), she marched me to the bathroom, and opening the shower, pulled me in behind her, and promptly started jerking me off.
It took all of ninety seconds for me to splash my seed on her face, and quite a bit into her mouth. My sister grinned as she opened the shower water to wash herself off.
Later that evening, while Kenneth was watching some TV movie, I sauntered into her room to thank her, and she told me that if I wanted to thank her, I would suck her off to an orgasm. I had just turned nineteen, and to a teen, sucking his twenty-six year old older sister was nothing but a dream.
I like to think I performed well, although the fact that I spilled my seed all over her duvet might have had something to do with it.
From that day on, sex no longer was a taboo with us, and while Kenneth refused to take part in our games,(to the point of moving out when he was eighteen himself), I enjoyed our incestuous affair.
We had nothing fixed. Nor had we promised each other anything. We just did it if we felt like it. Many a time Steph just asked if I had anything planned for the night or would like a good fucking. I never asked her to share my bed, instead letting her take the decisions. It was good enough for me. Unhappily, it wasn't me who had taken her cherry.
I forgot the hundreds of times we had sex... many times, and practically everywhere.
When I finally started work at a new place, the company offered me accommodation, and I took it, hoping to divide my living between my new apartment and home. Unfortunately, I worked mostly evenings, which led to a decrease of sex during weekdays.... But the weekends....aaaah....
They were something else.
Lately we have become addicted to the daring sex that everybody talks about but is afraid to live out.
***
The text message came in just as I was heading towards the canteen for the break. "Upper stairs, ready and blindfolded."
My cock jumped in my pants as soon as I read the text.
I dropped my ham and cheese roll back in my desk's drawer, picked my keys, ran into the car-park and beeped my Toyota open. Gunning the engine, I sped towards her home, a scant two miles away.
I screeched the car to a halt in the driveway, and had already taken my Aerosmith t-shirt off by the time the remote-controlled gate was shut. Sneakers, jeans and boxers were the next to go, as I rampaged through the house, littering the path behind me with clothes.
My dick led the way as I ran up the stairs two at a time. Opening the double-safe door, I charged out to the terrace, and that is where I found her.
Stephanie was lying back on the wide stairs, a large towel beneath her against the heat of the sun on the marble steps. She was stark naked except for a sleeping blindfold. She lay spread eagled on her back, supported on her elbows.
She was all oiled up, slick and dripping with scented oil. Her large pendulous breasts hung to the sides, large brown nipples already erect with anticipation. I looked at her shaved pussy, inflamed and dripping freely with oil and lust.
I was breathing heavily at this sight, a vision of pure exhibitionist sex, mindful that at any time, somebody could be on the adjacent roofs, looking over her. Ever since she had discovered this lascivious streak in her, our illicit, incestuous love life had improved by leaps and bounds.
I knelt down before her, sniffing at her sex, the scent of strawberry-oil rich in the air. It was heavenly. I leant forward, not touching her, and with a slow languid movement licked from the bottom of her ass up to her clit, reaching out towards me hungrily. I paused, before repeating the gesture, eliciting a cry from my sister. Her clitoris distended even more upwards, relishing the tonguing it was getting.
The mix of aroma, strawberry and pure lust, made for an exciting concoction, and my dick was already leaking pre-cum before I had even touched it. I snaked my long tongue into her, wiggling in her hole. She raised her ass off the marble steps, allowing me more freedom to shake her insides. Bringing up my middle finger, I inserted it roughly into her ass, and she moaned even louder as it went in down to the third knuckle.
Not a word was said between us as I sucked on her clitty, cock ready to explode as I anticipated fucking her. Finally I could take no more and I raised myself and crawled over her body, until my tongue made contact with her sensitive navel, relishing the shallow hole and the juices collected there.
Moving upwards, I tugged at her nipples, her most erogenous parts, her absolute turn-on. To this day, I still spend hours sucking on them in wild abandon, never tiring and never hearing a complaint. How many orgasms have we shared, simply sucking on her nipples while she came? Countless hundreds, or thousands maybe, even.
But I wanted this to be a quickie... a 'nooner' that was a quickie. Holding her legs spread well apart, and without touching my tool, I positioned my dick at the entrance to her love tunnel and slammed my meat in one fell swoop. The slick opening of her canal made for an excitingly hot fuck. I pumped in and out of her with wild abandon. Stephanie came within two strokes, shrieking and seriously threatening to bring the neighbors outside to see what the commotion was. I grunted and held the base of my cock tightly, wiling my orgasmic rush to fall back as she trembled and shuddered beneath me. She was a quivering hunk of sex-craved flesh under my body, wanting me to take her roughly.
I rolled Stephanie over onto her stomach, and seeing that her ass was already lubed up and ready to go, held my dick head against her sphincter and just like that, the head popped in, followed by my shaft. She screamed and squirmed at the sudden, pervasive intrusion that gave her ass no time to adjust, but at that moment I didn't care. I was a hungry sexually motivated beast, and I pumped angrily into her, holding her body down with my arms as I felt my orgasm beginning to flower.
I pulled out totally, head plopping free, before turning my sister over again, and without removing the blindfold, came on her face, three four spurts of semen roping all over her nose, lips and chest.
I took a minute to gather my wits, and I was gone in a flash, without a word passing between us, leaving my sister on the stairs leading to the roof, naked and legs splayed to the world, used like a rag doll, sperm drying on her body.
Later at work, I got another message. "Thank you, that was magnificent. Will text you next week with the location."