Roger
Still reeling from crossing the line with Roger, I was surprised how easy the plan came together and how eager Roger was when it came to it. I knew there would be more fun to be had with Roger but I also had to make sure he kept it to himself. I didn't want to risk losing my job over a little boasting by Roger to his friends. So on Tuesday morning I was just as excited prior to my visit to Trevor I made similar preparations ensuring that Tom was the last house I visited, so that if it went to plan, we would have enough time to play.
I woke up feeling very horny that morning and took some time deciding on which underwear would excite him the most. There was no doubt he was a leg and bum man, but he also loved staring at my boobs. So I would try to get him very excited by wearing the right choice of underwear to see whether he was in the mood when I arrived. I promised him I would dress accordingly and that is exactly what I had in mind. I wore my white trousers to work, but had planned to remove these in favour of a skirt before I arrived at Trevor's. That way he would be able to see my black stockings and suspender belt when I bent over. I planned to do this very slowly as I delivered his food, ensuring my skirt rose up above my suspender belt.
A greater surprise would await him when he realised I had no panties on. The first impression however would be the cleavage that he opened the door to. A tight white t-shirt, almost see through, displaying a black bra, very low cut with my nipples visible to the hard stare. I covered up with a white sweatshirt as I went about my duties during the morning. At around 1.30pm, I arrived at Tom's place. I had a moment of nervousness wondering if he had remembered our arrangement, or would he really be interested when push came to shove. I needn't had been concerned. As my small van parked outside his house, Trevor opened his door with a big smile on his face. His hair had been combed unlike his usual fairly unkempt look. He was also wearing a nice smart shirt and trousers, I was impressed. Now my turn to show my preparation. In the back of the van and away from his stare, I quickly removed my white trousers and sweatshirt.
I quickly put on my skirt, even shorter than I thought it was, excellent!! Putting my best foot forward, I cat walked up the pathway with Trevor's lunch meal in a tray in both of my hands. My breasts sat just above the tray, wobbling as I exaggerated my walk due to the lack of support from my flimsy black sheer bra. My white t- shirt hugged my figure and feeling nervous and excited, my nipples had hardened and were poking straight at Trevor! My short skirt was hidden by the tray, but Trevor's view would become a lot clearer as I passed him and walked into his home, wiggling my knickerless ass under my short skirt. "Oh my god." muttered Trevor, as I walked past him revealing my short skirt and stockings. I looked back at him with a seriously sexy smile, full of intent and lust. I was feeling filthy. I went into the kitchen and placed Trevor's lunch on the kitchen table, I then leaned against the table ensuring my skirt rose higher than my stocking tops. "Well, I did tell you I would dress appropriately, do you approve?" I asked.
"Oh Beth, what a vision. How am I going to keep my hands off you?" Trevor asked, he was clearly impressed and also looked like he was getting horny, it was all he could do to stop his hands from grabbing my ass or his cock!
"Why would you want to keep your hands off me?" I asked, without turning around and slowly moving my ass from left to right.
"Roger told me you were a lot of fun, is it my turn today?"
I knew it. Roger was unable to keep his adventure to himself, if Trevor knew, who else knew? "Well, Roger might have quite an imagination." I suggested, gauging Trevor's reaction.
"Well Beth," Trevor continued, "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, and the same goes for my kitchen. Roger might want to shout about his adventures but whatever happens today stays between us, you have my word."
"What makes you think anything will happen today?" I asked.
I was desperately hoping he would keep things to himself, I wanted to strip and feel his hands on me but was a little nervous after his revelation about Roger. Just wait til I see that jerk I thought to myself. Then I remembered how good his cock felt inside me and how sexy it was to feel his cock pumping his cum into my mouth. I couldn't wait for chapter 2, but he was in for a talking to before that happened.
"Well I was just hoping I could grab that gorgeous ass of yours before you left." Declared Trevor.
With that, I slowly lifted my skirt, eventually revealing my naked bottom to Trevor, I bent over and pushed my ass towards him. "Go ahead." I offered.
Trevor moved towards me and slowly and gently, with both hands grabbed each of my buttocks and slowly kneaded them.
"You've got a gorgeous ass." Trevor said, as he continued his stroking and squeezing.
As his hands met in the middle he was slowly moving closer to my asshole and my pussy as he went beneath my ass and between my legs.
He smiled at me as his fingers gently stroked past my pussy lips and we could both feel the moisture as his now wet finger continued to grope my naked ass.
"I think you might be enjoying this as much as me Beth." Said a now emboldened Trevor, as he registered his pleasure at my wetness.
I smiled and opened my legs a little wider, inviting Trevor's hand inside.
He grabbed the opportunity and immediately placed his left hand in between my legs and gave my pussy a full and deliberate stroke, pushing his middle finger to try and enter me.
Now moaning with pleasure, I took his right hand and placed it around my body and onto my right breast. Trevor squeezed my breast and pushed his cock against my ass as he continued to finger and stroke my pussy while squeezing my right breast.
I lifted my t-shirt over my head and dropped both breasts out and over my bra. Trevor licked his fingers and squeezed the nipple of my now naked right breast.
Feeling close to orgasm, I reached behind and squeezed Trevor's cock through his trousers. Wow, it felt pretty big and rock hard. I came hard.
I turned around and dropped to my knees. Without taking my eyes from Trevor's, I undid his zip and button and pulled down his pants, his cock sprang in front of my face.
With a sexy smile I gently stroked his cock, pulling his foreskin over his mushroom head and placing my tongue underneath. He jerked in pleasure as I continued to lick all around his shaft and head, eventually putting my mouth over his cock and slowly moving up and down and sucking to take him deep into my mouth. Trevor grabbed my head and pushed his cock deeper into my mouth.
"Fuck my mouth." I demanded.
Trevor duly complied, thrusting his cock in and out and far down my throat. I slowed him down and took control. I pulled his pants down and his big heavy balls dropped out of his pants in front of me.
"Lick them Beth," he begged, as he saw his balls land on my chin.
I licked them greedily and put both balls and his sack in my mouth as I continued to jerk his rock hard cock.
Showing a more assertive side, Trevor pulled me up and turned me back around. He pushed my head down on to his table and grabbing his cock he pushed it into my pussy from behind.
Trevor fucked me hard and slow for a while, grabbing both of my breasts and talking dirty in my ear.
"You like that Beth? Do you like my old cock deep inside you fucking your wet pussy?" He asked.
"Oh baby yes, I want you inside me." I panted back at him, approaching my second orgasm.
I reached around and pulled his ass cheeks, pulling him deeper inside me as I came hard from the sensation inside my pussy, my breasts being squeezed and my nipples pulled.
"Trevor you have made me cum again you dirty old man!" I teased.
"It's nearly my turn," he said, but first, I want that ass of yours."
He bent me over further and pulling out of my pussy he smeared his wet fingers over my asshole to lubricate me.
He then positioned his cock over my wet asshole and pushed.
His cock started to ease in and as it did he started to slowly fuck me.
"Fuck my ass baby." I said, letting him know that his cock was very welcome inside me.
He reached around and played with my clit as he fucked my ass.
The horny talk and the ass fucking was too much for Trevor and he told me he was ready to cum. "You can cum in my ass if you like baby." I offered.
"I want to cum all over those lovely tits." he suggested.
He pulled out of me and I turned around and got down in my knees. I took Trevor's cock in my mouth again and slowly sucked him.
A mixture of my pussy and ass juices and Trevor's cock and precum was pure sex, I loved it.
He was shaking and he couldn't take much more, so I stopped sucking and placed Tom's cock in between my tits.
"I'm gonna titty fuck you until you cover these babies with your cum." I teased.
That was too much for him and after a couple of strokes and seeing his helmet pushing through my cleavage, his legs shook and he groaned in ecstasy as his cum forced its way up his cock.
I looked down to see a gush of white cum stream into the air and land on my left breast, the next shot landed in between my breasts and several more followed, covering my chest and even my chin with his warm cum.
There was no way I could resist.
Using the forefinger of my left hand, I scooped a huge blob onto my finger and smiling while staring at Trevor, put my finger in my mouth, transferring the cum to my tongue. I showed Trevor and he smiled at me. "Swallow it you dirty little girl." he said.
I obliged and continued to clean up and swallow his cum by licking it up from where it had landed on my chest. I made a fuss of always showing him before taking it down, as Trevor directed me, he even scooped up some with his own fingers before placing them in my mouth.
We had managed to clean up quite a mess.
"You can come out now!" Trevor said loudly, smiling at me.
I looked at him puzzled, what did he mean?
At that, a door in the kitchen opened and in walked Roger. Stark naked, and with his rock hard and precum dripping cock in his hand.
"Don't be mad!" Roger said. "Fucking hell, that was some show," He continued.
"I've been playing with this all morning and trying so hard not to cum watching you two. I'm ready to explode. Come on Beth, don't be mad, give this a suck for me eh? there's a good little girl."
I was mad but I couldn't help but laugh. These two conspirators had set me up and Roger had been watching me.
"I'm serious guys, this can't go any further." I said.
"Why would we want to jeopardise this?" asked Trevor. "This is between the three of us, we can have regular fun and no one else need know." "Now come and suck this Beth, I'm ready to explode." said Roger.
I smiled and took Rogers hard cock into my mouth. He was already leaking and his precum tasted lovely. I sucked slowly up and down and stroked his sensitive balls.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum Beth, this is gonna fucking cover you girl, are you ready for me?" Asked Roger.
"Well let me get a look for fuck sake!" said Trevor. "Let him jerk it into your mouth Beth, I wanna see you take this big load he's promised you."
So I let go and sat obediently with my mouth open.
Roger jerked and aimed at my open mouth and outstretched tongue. "Oh my fucking God!" said Roger, as he reached orgasm and prepared to shoot his cum.
The power of his first shot from the pent up pleasure he had denied himself all morning hit me full force and shot up and landed on my forehead. A running commentary followed from Trevor and Roger as they marvelled at Roger's cum shooting all over my face and covering my tongue. "What the fuck have you had for breakfast Roger?" Joked Trevor, as he enjoyed the cumshot show.
"I've been watching you fucking Beth's ass and this is the result." Roger replied, panting as his orgasm subsided and the last drops of cum oozed from his cock.
I was so horny feeling Rogers cum covering my face and mouth. Without hesitation I started to scoop his cum into my mouth and swallow it. "Good girl," said Trevor, "c'mon, let's get all that cum into your mouth."
My hands were joined by both Trevor and Roger's as they scooped my face and I opened my mouth to suck the cum from their fingers.
Fully satisfied, we all had a cup of tea and Trevor asked if I fancied a threesome next Monday. "What's wrong with this Friday?" I asked. Laughing, we set the date. "No more surprises please guys." was my parting shot as I left Trevor's house.
On returning home I showered and fantasised about my afternoon session. I played with my pussy and breasts and made my self cum for the third time that day.
I realised that not only was I obsessed with older men, I also had a cum obsession. I could have taken and eaten more despite swallowing two loads.
I continued to play with myself on the bed and opening my computer I started to trawl the Craigslist personal ads. I had come across Craigslist during my years living in the USA, whilst it wasn't as popular in the UK, there were still plenty of people searching for sex through the personal ads. I was considering posting an ad when I came across one that caught my eye and I decided to respond to it. What harm could it do? I could always stop emailing if I changed my mind. The ad really turned me on, I wondered if it was genuine.
It read: "Any cum lovers out there who want to take the ultimate test? Heavy cummer here, sucker needed to take all my cum, no bailing out at the last minute, it's all or nothing. Can you handle it?" Accompanying the ad was a picture of a big cock with cum shooting out, which I assumed belonged to the poster. It was very thick and there was a pool on the bed where I assume the previous shots had landed. It was an unholy mess!
Could I handle it? Did I want to? I did! But I didn't know why.
I was drawn to this 'challenge' and for some reason wanted to show this guy that I could do it. I loved the taste of cum and the whole act of sucking cock, I was horny so why not respond? So I did.
I wrote back: "Hi there, interesting post, picture looks delicious too. My name is Beth and I am interested in your challenge. Are you real and serious?"
Within a couple of minutes he replied to my message.
"Hi Beth, great to hear from you, very serious here and backed up for over a week. Doubt you could handle this volcano of a cock. 15 to 18 spurts of thick cum. Two mouthfuls at least and I'm not interested in non swallowers. If you think you can handle it, send me a picture, I wanna know who I'm donating my cum to. If I think you qualify, I'll be in touch."
Cheeky fucker I thought. But I guess he played me right. I responded with a picture of me in a dressing gown and panties, not showing my face. He could see my body was in good shape and I chose a picture with my nipples just revealed from an open dressing gown. I hoped he would like it. A picture I have also posted on the literotica bulletin board.
Attaching it to my responding email, I wrote: "Hope you like the picture, here's hoping I qualify, I like a challenge and I'm thirsty!!"
Again I didn't have long to wait for a reply.
"Haha, great answer Beth. Great tits by the way. You win, now when can you come over here and suck on my cock and swallow my huge cumshot like a good cumslut?"
This had made me insanely horny. I quickly responded. "Address please? x"
His address followed within a minute.
After checking how far away I was, it was less than a 10 minute drive for me, I sent another message.
"I can be with you in 30 minutes. Do we have a date?"
He responded immediately. "Fuck yeah we have a date. Get here in 30 minutes prompt. I will open the door and we will go into my sitting room where the curtains are drawn. I'll get my cock out for you and you will strip off and get on your knees and get to work. I wanna see and squeeze those kitties while you're blowing me. Feel free to suck my balls too, I love that shit. I've been jerking all morning and it's hyped up a notch now that I've been messaging you. I can feel the build up is off the chart so get ready for a soaking. No pulling out at this late stage girl."
I put on some sexy lingerie, a matching pink underwear set with bra and a tiny thong, and applied a little make up and was ready to leave the house.
Was I mad? Did I really intend to go through with this?
I hadn't asked for a picture or anything, he could have been anyone. His cock pic made him look around 40-50 but I really knew nothing about him apart from this stranger was a heavy cummer and I was about to take it down my throat.
I messaged back: "On my way and very excited x."
As I was leaving I had another reply. "I hope this is for real Beth."
I arrived outside his home, a lovely home just outside a small market town.
I made my way up his short garden path and before I reached the door it opened and a man walked away before I could see him. Nervously, I followed this figure into the sitting room where he turned to greet me.
"Well I guess you're Beth, I'm Steve, nice to meet you" He was older than I thought, at least 55 and was quite tall and in OK shape. I was impressed.
"Nice to meet you too. A pleasant surprise," I said smiling. "I'm a little nervous but very excited". I continued.
"Well let's get to it Beth, I'm horny as hell and this needs sucking good."
He pulled out his large cock and sitting down in the sofa waited for me to get down on my knees on the cushion provided.
I stripped off my clothes and gave my breasts a little squeeze and pulled down my panties.
"You look good Beth, but I'm not fucking you today, you're just here to suck my cock and drink my cum, all of it. We're clear on that right?" He said.
"Crystal clear." I said, as I got on my knees and took his cock in my mouth.
"That's it, suck it good Beth. So you love cum huh?"
"I do, I said. And I'm ready for yours, I won't disappoint you, I will swallow it all, if I miss any I will clean it up, I promise" I said, as I kissed his cock and took him deep into my mouth. I was feeling so submissive!
I sucked him for a couple of minutes then he instructed me to lick his balls. I had both in my mouth and was jerking his cock quite fast. He was lifting his ass of the seat and telling me to go down further.
"C'mon Beth, keep going down there. He said as he lifted his ass right off the chair and pushed my head down. Realising what he was looking for I pushed my tongue in between his legs and flickering my tongue I licked his asshole.
"Good girl, rim me Beth, my cum isn't far away."
Steve sat back down and taking over grabbed his cock and gently stroked back and forth. "Ok, oh boy here it comes Beth, oh wow this is big, OK open up wide Beth, I'm ready to shoot."
In nervous anticipation of the tsunami ahead, I opened my mouth in readiness to do as I promised. The first few spurts felt normal and I swallowed them down knowing more would follow. The loads then got bigger and heavier and I was now struggling to keep it all in my mouth. I swallowed and opened my mouth again to receive more, and in that time two huge spurts had landed on my nose and my right cheek.
"Don't bail on me now Beth, you're doing great. Oh my god this feels intense." moaned Steve as his ejaculation continued.
My mouth filled again as his spurts slowed a little.
I greedily swallowed while I had the chance and took his cock in my mouth to suck what was still oozing out. I had never eaten so much cum (and I had already tasted two earlier today).
As Steve sat back on the sofa I cleaned up the cum on my face and put it into my mouth. Wow, there was much more than I thought and it was so thick, but I loved the taste.
Steve sat up and said, "Well you've passed the test, that was awesome thank you. Now I've gotta go to work. Keep in touch, I might wanna fuck you some time."
No longer impressed with his bravado, I countered, "I'll be in touch if and when I need more cum. Take care." I left and drove home, the taste of his cum filling my mouth and throat.