We'd been there a couple of days when Jon took me into Puerto Banus. I was wearing a little baggy halter-top and light cotton skirt. As usual, the wind did its job and kept me 'fresh and ready'. Puerto Banus appears to be a playground for the rich and their very expensive boats. There are some amazing boats there.
After a while wandering round Jon put his hand in his trouser pocket and pulled out one of my bikini tops and a thong. I say a thong. But I've seen more material in a band-aid. 'What are those for Master?' I asked. Jon just told me to go into the quiet corner between the backs of some shops and put them on. The bikini top is a nice one, and if I have to wear one then that pink see-through one is the one that I'd probably choose. It looked a bit naf with the straps on show, but whatever Jon wants, Jon gets. The thong was matching pink as well, but the bottom of the 'V' that's supposed to cover my pussy ends just at the start of my crack.
We walked on for about 5 minutes and stopped outside what looked like the entrance to club of some sorts. It was then that Jon told me that I was going to get a job. The disappointment must have shown on my face because Jon told me to trust him (which he knows that I do implicitly), and that I'd enjoy myself. Jon told me that I was to go in, ask for the manager and tell him that I wanted to be a dancer. That got me worried because I'm not that fit. Yes, Jon still takes me jogging in my ultra short tennis dress but I didn't believe that I was fit enough or co-ordinated enough to be a dancer.
Anyway, I went in whilst Jon stayed outside. It was darkish inside but I found the bar and asked to see the manager. The man asked me what it was about so I told him that I wanted to be a dancer. The man said that he didn't think that they needed anymore, but told me to wait there whilst he went off through a door.
I looked round and could see a little dance floor, but it was small. I was daydreaming trying to imaging what sort of dancing would be done on that floor when I was startled by what I assumed was the manager saying,
"So you want to become a Lap Dancer do you."
That surprised me and there was a couple of seconds before I replied saying that I was desperate for a job and a couple of the girls that I was sharing with had told me that I would make a good Lap Dancer. Not knowing exactly what a Lap Dancer did, I told him that my flat mates said that I had everything that was needed and the right attitude as well.
The manager looked me up and down and said,
"Well, you've certainly got the body, but can you flaunt it in front of every variety of man that might come in to the club."
"Sure," I said, "Nudity has never been one of my hang-ups."
"Well then, come with me and let's see what you're made of."
I followed him to a corner where there are 3 curtained-off overgrown dress shop changing rooms. Each one has a mini sofa at one end where the manager sat down. He hadn't closed the curtain, but there was no one in the club that looked like a customer, probably too early.
"Right then, what I want you to dance around a bit and slowly take your top off. Then play with you nipples and get them hard."
Little did he know (yet) that they were rock hard just at the thought of what I was about to do. My pussy was starting to lube as well.
"After a couple of minutes of that I want you to rub your tits in my face, then back off and loose the skirt and knickers. Remember to keep dancing around a bit. When you're naked, turn round and rub your pussy on the crotch of my trousers. You won't freak out if a customer has a hard-on will you?"
Before I could answer he continued,
"After doing that for about a minute, stand-up and bend right over so that I can get a good look at your ass and puss. Waggle it about a bit before standing up and turn to face me. Then put one knee either side of my thighs, rub your tits in my face again, and your pussy on my crotch again. Finally, for a real customer, stand up, thank him and get dressed. Then escort him back to where he was."
"Right, let's see how you do."
He was sat there with his head about level with my little tits and his eyes were going from my breasts to my face. I guessed that he was looking to see how comfortable I was stripping in front of a man that I'd only met a couple of minutes ago.
Well I was nervous, I wanted to impress him.
I started swaying my ass about and started taking the halter off. I tried to do it as sexily as I could. With the halter off my see through bikini top did nothing to hide my chapel hat pegs. I saw a faint smile on his face. The bikini top didn't last long, but I did cover my breast as I took the straps off, and then let it drop.
I think that I played with my nipples for a bit too long because his eyes darted down to my skirt a coupe of times. I wasn't going to miss the sensation of a stranger touching my nips so I leaned forward and rubbed them quickly across his lips. As I felt his touch and warm breath my pussy had a quick rush.
I stood up and slowly went for the skirt. The one little Velcro fastener (which Jon insists on) didn't last long. His eyebrows went up as he saw the little thong and what it wasn't covering. The cord that goes up the back had buried itself along one side of my clit, which was very hard and sticking out well.
The thong didn't last long and I turned round and sat down on his lap with my hands on his thighs. I lifted myself up and slid backwards and forwards. I couldn't feel a hard-on, but there again he must have had thousands of girls do that to him.
As I stood up I bent forward and grabbed my ankles. My feet were about 2 feet apart and I could feel 2 things. Firstly his eyes burning my pussy, and secondly, my very wet pussy. I slid my right hand from my pubes, back to my pussy and slipped a finger in, rubbed it around for a couple of seconds and then stood up. As I did so I put my juice covered finger in my mouth and sucked it clean.
The manager smiled and said,
"Your flat mates were right, you're a natural. Ten o'clock tonight, be here."
He then just walked off leaving me stood there, still naked.
I put just the halter and skirt back on and carried the bikini top and thong out of the club. Looking around I saw Jon in a bar on the corner and ran up to him. I was so excited that I had trouble stopping telling him all about it. I hadn't realised that Jon had ordered a drink for me until I saw the girl looking at my side. I was leaning forward and the whole of the right side (nipple and all) was showing to the girl. The bikini top and thong were on the table for her to see.
Back at the villa I ran around deciding what to wear. In the end (with Jon's help) I decided on a thong that is only 2 cords. It covers nothing but rubs on the side of my clit and keeps me 'happy'. For a skirt I (Jon) chose a little lace tube top. Because of my little tits it only needs to be 5 inches long. Stretching it over my ass it was very see through. And as I walked around it slides up leaving my ass and pussy uncovered.
The top was a problem. Not having big tits I have no cleavage to show off so it had to be something that highlighted my nipples. I was anticipating them being rock hard all night. In the end I chose a tight, semi see-through halter.
I was dressed like that at nine o'clock when Jon told me that we were going. Jon stopped me from getting into the car and threw a dress at me.
"Put that on, you might need it later." He said.
Jon dropped me off just round the corner and I ran up to the entrance. The manager was talking to the security man on the door and he took my arm and led me in. As we walked he said,
"Yes, you'll do, now a few rules. Firstly, you do not poach customers from other girls. How you get the customers to ask you for a dance is up to you. When they do, take them over to the lady at the end of the bar so that they can pay. It's 30 euros. 20 for you and 10 for the club. The lady will record your name so that you get the right money at the end of the night.
I forgot to mention earlier about the drinks. The only drink that you can accept from a customer is champagne. It 20 euros and you get 10 of it. Go to the bar with the customer so that he can see who the drink is for.
Remember, the customers must not touch you. If they do, tell them to stop. If they don't, then just shout for help. The security man will be in like a shot."
He introduced me to a couple of girls that were already there and asked one, Jilly, to show me the ropes. Jilly took me to the ladies room, which is also the changing room. I took off my dress and we walked out.
It was very quiet, but Jilly told me that it would change.
More girls arrived and eventually a few men. As I looked at the different attire of the girls I realised that I was the one with the smallest thong. Most were what I consider to be grossly large. Lots of the girl's backsides were on display so I wasn't worried by the fact that my 'skirt' kept riding up, although I had to keep pulling it down at the front to keep my pussy covered.
The girls started chatting up the men virtually as soon as they walked in the door. I decided to just watch for a while to work out the way that things worked. I didn't want to cause trouble.
After about an hour the place filled up and it wasn't long before I was the one being chatted up. I would describe my first potential customer as Mr. Average. Jon had warned me that most men would be telling all sorts of untrue storied just to make then look like Mr Big. Jon told me that I could tell as many fibs as I liked, but I found that difficult.
Mr. Average decided that he was going to chat to more of the girls before having a dance and I left him and looked for another 'target' It wasn't long before I started getting a response from another man who told me that he owned one of the boats in the harbour. I didn't believe him but didn't tell him. After the second time that I asked him to dance he said.
"Yes" and I led him by the hand to the end of the bar. He paid and we went to a cubicle.
We had to wait for the dance that was going on to finish and then we went in, I told him to sit down and that he wasn't allowed to touch me. His face dropped a bit but soon perked up a bit when my little halter came off. As Jon says, my nipples are something to be proud of and the man must have agreed. I rolled first one then the other in between my fingers then licked a finger and rubbed it on my nipples. They were aching.
As I leaned forward to rub them in his face his tongue came out and licked my nips. I nearly moaned. I backed off then turned round and started lowering my 'skirt'. As I did the curtain moved back a bit and the security man's head looked in. I guess that he was checking that nothing was going on that shouldn't. He was gone in a couple of seconds, but not before I saw his eyes go down my body.
I started lowering my thong and pushed my ass back towards him. I gave him a twirl before backing on to his lap and then 'dry fucked' him, but it wasn't dry in the true sense of the phrase, as I stood up and looked down I could see my juices on his trousers. Ooops!
Time to turn round, and as I opened my legs to kneel either side of him I felt that great feeling as my pussy opened and felt the warm air. I lowered myself down, dry fucking him again and rubbing my nipples in his face. Seconds later I stood up and decided to do something that I don't know I should have, but what the hell, I leaned on one side of the cubicle and lifted the other leg as high as I could and put my foot on the other wall. For a few seconds my pussy was as open as it could be, and as on display to him as it could. That little part became part of my routine with all the men.
Time was nearly at an end and I turned away from him and bent right over and put the palm of my right hand on my pubic bone and let my second finger slide in. Boy did that feel good. I could feel his breath on the rest of my pussy and ass. I nearly came.
Time was like my finger -- pressing, so I stood up, sucked my wet finger, kissed his cheek, said,
"thank you" and got dressed.
As the 'thong' slid in beside my clit I shuddered a bit but managed to hold out.
I led him back to where I found him, kissed his cheek again, thanked him and started to move away to look for my second 'client'. As I turned away from him I felt his hand on my ass. I paused as his finger slid down and found its goal. I turned, which meant that his hand fell away, smiled, whispered,
"naughty, naughty" and moved away.
I managed to get 11 dances, 2 drinks and 3 orgasms that night. I had to go to the ladies 3 times to cleanup because my thighs down to my knees were wet.
As things got quieter I noticed a number of the girls sitting down and leisurely talking to other girls as well as the men. I noticed one girl in particular teasing some men at the bar by opening her legs wide for a few seconds to show the whole of the material of her big thong. It was obvious that she, like probably most of the girls, was shaved. One of the times that she did it she pulled the thong up and gave herself a wedgie.
I decided that I wanted a piece of that action and went and sat with Jilly who looked knackered. I noticed one man at the bar looking over to us, so after a quick check around to make sure that no one else was looking, I opened my legs wide. Because of my ultra thin 'thong' that was well hidden in my pussy, it was like giving him a doctor's view when I go for a smear test.
Jilly caught me the second time that I did it and suggested that I be a bit careful. She knew one girl who got sacked for playing with herself in 'public'. She also put a hand on my thigh and told me that I had a delicious pussy and to be careful or she'd 'jump' me. Mmmm I thought that could be interesting.
All too soon it was closing time and I went and found my dress. It was still lovely and warm outside and I looked round hoping to see Jon. In all the excitement we had never arranged anything. I found him just round the corner and up the roads a bit. Standing leaning back on the car. He was wearing only shorts and as I got closer I could see a hard-on making a tent in the thin material.
I ran up to him and thanked him over and over for 'making' me get that job. In the end he turned me round so my back was to him, lifted me up and lowered me down on to his dick. He was fucking me in the street in Puerto Banus. Admittedly it was 4 o'clock in the morning and there not may people about. Jilly and another 2 of the girls walked passed and Jilly looked at my feet a few inches off the ground, smiled, blew a kiss and turned to talk to the other girls.
I was knackered and slept like a log with Jon snuggled up to my back with his dick inside me. Total pleasure.
The next 11 nights were fantastic, I must have got near my un-counted, Jon excluded, record for orgasms during any number of consecutive days.
After a couple of nights I changed my 'uniform'. The 'skirt' that I had used the first couple of nights spent more time up over my ass and I was spending a lot of time pulling it down over my pussy. I told Jon about this problem and he took me into Marbella to buy a new thong, a pretty boring conventional thong, some cord and a cheap, thin cotton skirt. What he didn't tell me until later was what he wanted me to do with them. The first thing he told me to do was to cut the centre of the thong out. That left my pussy totally exposed. Then I had to cut a piece of material 8 x 6 inches out of the skirt. I then had to stitch round 3 sides then over the cord on the fourth side. I could then wear this as a 'front only' skirt. Backside totally exposed and no having to pull the front down over my pussy, but it was very easy to 'flip' it up to expose my charms.
There were another couple of nights that were even better.
Jon came into the club on about my fourth night. He was obviously getting some pleasure watching me take the customers and dancing for them. About 2 o'clock he came up to me and asked for a dance. When we got into the cubicle he told me to act as if he was someone else. I guess he wanted to check out my performance. The only difference with Jon's dance was that when I 'dry fucked' him it wasn't dry. He'd unzipped his trousers and got his dick out. I didn't realise until I felt him slide into me. I came instantly.
Just as I started to get control of myself the security man stuck his head in. He saw Jon's hands on the sofa, couldn't see what was going on because my legs were closed, and assumed that everything was as normal. My routine changed a bit that session and I managed to get Jon to cum quickly. When we got out and I left Jon I had his cum and my juices running down my legs.
I went to the toilet to clean up and saw that Jilly was doing the same.
"One got carried away," I said.
"Me too" Jilly said, and we both laughed.
I wonder if the later dances that I had that night realised that the 'cream pie' was Jon's and not all mine.
A couple of days later Jon made me (ha!) go to work with a remote vibe in me. That night I knew that I was going to be really knackered by 4 o'clock.
All was fine for the first 3 hours, Jon was nowhere to be seen I was just leading a customer to the end of the bar when it hit me. I just stopped dead and cringed. The poor man hadn't a clue and asked me if I was okay. What could I say?
Throughout the next 3 dances Jon made my life hell. It's as if he knew exactly when to turn it up. I don't know how may orgasms I had, but the customers got even bigger stains on their trousers.
The second memorable evening (they all were) was when Jilly and me had a flashing contest. Jilly wore a little nylon see-through thong that night. Anyway, we'd both managed to get a few drinks bought for us and we were both quite happy. By coincidence we'd both been at the booze before turning up for work (ha!).
Jilly was stood then sat just opposite me and I'd started it when Jilly looked over and smiled at me. My reaction was to open my legs and flash at her. She smiled and then did the same to me. Her little thong has all but disappeared into her and I could see everything. I licked my lips so she did it again. Not to be out done I put my hand on my stomach and when I next opened my legs I quickly slid a finger inside and then licked it. Not to be out done Jilly did the same.
It was then that I noticed a couple of men at the bar looking at me, and 3 more looked as if they were looking at Jilly. I rolled my eyes and nodded over to the bar. Jilly caught on immediately and turned slightly so that they could get a better view.
I did the same. It was a good job that the manager wasn't around because we both scratched an itch, re-adjusted our thongs, checked to see how wet we were and dipped, then licked numerous fingers. By the time we'd both got back to normal I'd actually cum with Jilly and at least 3 men watching. Later Jilly came up to me in the ladies, hugged me and said that she couldn't compete with that.
I think that I had more dances than ever that night.
By the end of my time there I'd earned one hell of a lot of euros. Jon joked that he'd be better off quitting his job and letting me be the breadwinner.
After 11 nights I was totally knackered and Jon phoned the club and told them that he wouldn't let his slave work there anymore. Shame in a way, but he was right, I was totally knackered. It wasn't as if I'd been spending the days in bed. Apart from late starts we did much the same as we normally do when we're at Jon's villa
Oh, nearly forgot, one night I had to go in with lots of red marks on my ass. That day Jon had decided that he wanted to see me cum through the pain of having my ass tanned. He'd restrained me out at the back of the villa and given me 23 strokes. It hurt like hell, but the orgasms were good.
Jon decided that we'd stay on for an extra couple of weeks. He had to fly back for a couple of days, but was soon back with Bridie and her 'little' cousin Louise. That was a surprise; I didn't even know that Bridie had a cousin.
Louise is a very shy, 18 year old, quiet girl whose parents were killed in a car smash and she'd just come to live with Bridie's parents. It was a month since her parent's accident and she was still finding life painful without them. Whenever Bridie tried to get Louise involved in something she just did what was asked of her without any real emotion or enthusiasm. Bridie told me that she wanted to put some life back into her.
Both Jon and Bridie were still clothed when they arrived and Louise was a bit startled to see me totally naked. Both Jon and Bridie went off to get undressed leaving Louise with me. I took her round the back, sat her down by the pool and got her a Bacardi and Coke but I'm not sure that she realised just how much Bacardi there was.
It was ages before Bridie and Jon came out and by the looks on their faces they'd been relieving Bridie's frustration at still not being able to get a permanent man.
Louise had told me all about how unhappy she was. She still desperate missed her parents.
The sight of Jon and Bridie naked didn't seem to faze Louise. I think the Bacardi and the sun was starting to work their magic.
Louise talked more and I discovered that she'd been spanked by her father, right up until a week before the accident. She told us that it had always been over her knickers.
Louise was still fully dressed and I suggested that she might like to take her clothes off. She went bright red, looked at each of us then down at the floor. Then she giggled. She told us that her parents always told her that being naked was a sin and that the only 2 men that should see her naked were her doctor and her husband.
We couldn't get Louise to strip off but she did cheer-up a bit and even had a smile on her face when she went to bed.
The next day, Bridie, Jon and I were having breakfast by the pool (naked) when Louise got up. She came out to us wearing a rather large bikini that looked as if her late mother had bought it for her. She was obviously getting used to seeing the 3 of us naked as she didn't blush at all during breakfast, and I did notice her looking at Jon a couple of times.
After breakfast we put some clothes on and I drove Bridie and Louise to the supermarket. When we got back Bridie and me just peeled our dresses off leaving us naked. Louise said,
"You went out with no underwear!"
"Always do." I said, then Bridie said,
"Me too."
Bridie told Louise to get her dress off as well, and she did, slowly. I have to say that Louise did look a bit silly in her large bra and industrial strength granny knickers. I later found out that she's a 36C, but the bra looked as if it would support a pair of DDs.
Bridie left Louise standing there for a couple of minutes, and then she told her to take the bra off. She did. Her large (by mine and Bridie's standards) breasts bounced out into the open. She has cute little nipples with small areola. She just stood there looking down at the ground. When Bridie said,
"pants too."
Louise hesitated for quite a few seconds before finally pushing down the massive knickers. Bridie picked them up and threw them into the rubbish bin saying,
"we're going to liberate you this week my girl."
I could see Louise blushing even though her head was bent well forward and down.
Just then Jon walked in and as he saw Louise I saw his dick jerk a bit. I guess a different, young female body had got him a bit excited.
"Nice bod," Jon said, "shame about the forest."
"We'll work on that." Bride said.
Well, over the next week we did make some progress with Louise. As you might have guessed she's a little submissive, and always reverts to being prudish at the first chance she gets.
On the second evening, after some alcohol (lots) we managed to get rid of Louise's pubic hair, and all of her underwear. Just so that she couldn't retrieve it when she sobered up we got her to cut it all up. It took a few hours the next day for her to get over the embarrassment of us (especially Jon) being able to see her little girl look.
For the rest of our holiday we did the usual holiday things. It was fun trying to get Louise to loose her inhibitions.
One very memorable moment was when we managed to get her into the swimming pool naked. Bridie had her legs up on the side and was asking Jon to
"switch it on."
Louise was asking her what she was talking about when Jon threw a float that he's converted so that it straps on your back and keeps you afloat. Bridie got it on Louise and got her to put her legs up on the side of the pool.
"What's so special with this?" asked Louise as Jon strapped her ankles down.
Shortly after Jon switched the water jet on. We could see Louise's face go red as she asked us to let her go. Needless to say we didn't. All 3 of us watched Louise get very embarrassed as she had an orgasm.
Another 'interesting' time was when we all went shopping in Marbella. Bridie gave Louise one of her dresses to wear, and told her that the only other item of clothing that she could wear was shoes. Louise went bright red when she saw the dress. It was short, thin and buttoned up the front. When she put it on the buttons were struggling to keep her breasts covered.
After a few ignored protests Jon drove us into town. He left us to do the 'girly shopping thing' as he describes it, and went to do his own thing. The best part was the Marbella breeze. By the time we met up with Jon again, Louise was slowly getting used to her dress being blown up round her waist. She's squealed and almost panicked the first couple of times, but in the end she was just about ignoring it and letting Mother Nature reveal her secrets to the looking world. Just like Bridie and me were doing.
One day we decided to go to the beach at Cabopino. Only Jon decided that we would take the car only as far as the east side of Marbella and then take the bus the rest of the way. Louise thought he was mad, but when he told us that we were not to take clothes (apart from shoes), only towels, Louise wasn't happy. Bridie just shrugged her off saying that everything would be fine. I realised what Jon intended to happen.
As we were waiting for the bus wearing only our towels, I 're-arranged' Louise's towel on the pretext of making it more secure. Jon got on first to pay the driver, then Louise, me and finally Bridie. I was right behind Louise as she passed the driver and trapped a bit of her towel against one of the seat backs, hoping that I had got enough of it trapped. I had. Louise moved forward between two large people and when she got passed them she was naked. She screamed, panicked and fell into Jon's arms. I picked up her towel and wrapped it around her.
On the beach Louise lay on her stomach virtually all day. The only exception was when no one else was within about 20 metres. We did manage to get her into the water once, and she actually admitted that it was a nice feeling swimming in the sea in the nude.
I rubbed sun tan lotion on her and took my time on her 'interesting' parts. I even managed to get her to relax a bit and open her legs a bit so that I could cover her inner thighs. She didn't react when I put some on her pussy, opening it as I did so.
I was watching Jon as I was doing this and saw his hard-on appear. He rolled over to Bridie who was lying on her side. I'm pretty sure that he fucked her in the spoon position.
A little later Jon took Bridie for a walk. When they got back Bridie told me that in the dunes Jon had her get him hard with her mouth, they'd then walked through the area frequented by gays. Bridie's hand alternating between Jon's hand and his dick. When they got nearer the beach Bridie had given Jon a blow job so that his dick would not be so proud when they walked onto the beach.
There was no repeat of the towel incident on the bus going back, but Jon did get me to open my legs and play with myself, much to Louise's amazement. The journey wasn't long enough for me to orgasm, but I took care of that little problem in the car.
That night Jon told me to sleep with Bridie. We didn't get much sleep.
The next morning Jon restrained me on the frame outside and was still fucking me when Louise sleepily walked out of the house. She stared, looked a little shocked, then turned round and went back in. We joined her at the breakfast table 10 minutes later. She stared at us for a few seconds then continued eating her cornflakes.
Up to that point in time Louise hadn't been down to the punishment room. Jon decided that the time was right, and after breakfast the 3 of us went down. To say that Louise was dumbfounded was an under statement.
"This is a torture chamber," she said. Jon said,
"These devices do administer pain, but it's all with the 'victim's' consent. No one does anything that they don't want to, and they can stop at anytime that they want."
Louise was quiet for a while then said,
"How does this one work?"
She was looking at the long metal dildo bolted to the flow with toe clamps at the base.
"Vanessa, a demo please." Jon said.
I climbed on, easily lowering myself onto the dildo (still full of Jon's juices), Jon clamped my toes in place and I raised my heels up ready for the electricity being switched on. Jon obliged then said,
"That's it until she gets a bit tired and starts to lower her heels. When they get so far down, a switch sends the electricity to the dildo and Vanessa jumps up again."
"Won't it kill her?" Louise asked.
"Voltage too low."
Jon replied. With that Jon pressed on my shoulders. Down I went, jerked and gasped at the same time. Then shot back up on my toes.
"Wow," Louise said, "I don't think that I like this place."
Jon put his arm round her shoulder and led her back upstairs. I could see that one of her hands was holding her pussy as she left.
Over an hour later (I think), Bridie came down stairs and found me. I was sweating, had very tired legs and had already had 3 orgasms.
Bridie saw the state I was in and quickly switched it off. I lowered myself fully onto the dildo whilst Bridie undid the toe clamps. She helped me of the machine and onto a chair.
"Can I have a go?" she asked.
After a few minutes rest I helped her onto the dildo, clamped her toes and switched it on. I turned the voltage down as I know her pain threshold is lower than mine.
As I knew that nothing would happen for 10 to 15 minutes I told her that I was off for a shower and a coffee.
As I went back down the stairs I heard Bridie gasp.
"Not having the desired effect yet?"
I asked, and turned the voltage up a little. Within a minute her legs gave and down she went. This time it wasn't a gasp. It was a scream followed by a strong orgasm. No sooner that it was over, her legs gave her a second orgasm.
"Enough, enough, I can't take any more," she said.
I switched the power off just as a third orgasm started.
It was Bridie's turn to have another shower.
We relaxed in and around the pool for the rest of the day.
That night Jon took us all to a disco. Louise didn't feel too bad skimpily dressed because it was dark, but she did complain that it was too easy for the men to grope her because of her lack of underwear. Bridie and me looked at each other and both together said,
"We're not complaining," and laughed.
Well, that's about all the interesting things that happened that holiday. Louise did manage to cheer-up a little, but even though she saw, Jon fucking both Bridie and me before we went back to England, Louise kept her virginity.
Jon, Bridie and myself all agree that we still have some work to do with Louise.
Love,
V