Jake and Melanie (Melly for short) had decided they were ready to buy a house together. Melly bubbled with excitement as she sent him house after house in text messages throughout the day. Jake was more subdued, flicking through the list of houses on his phone with cool, professional interest. He paused only for those that were within their budget and economical (lower likelihood of maintenance issues in the short or long term), while she sent him everything that looked even mildly interesting.
"Ooh, look at this one on Hemlock, with the red shutters." She delicately tapped a long lacquered nail against her phone's screen as they were having dinner. Jake didn't know where she got the energy after working all day, but he appreciated her enthusiasm. She slid closer and held her phone out in front of them, swiping through the pictures. He was quickly distracted by her proximity, noticing the heat from her body and the scent of her hair. He let his arms rest from the task of shoveling food while he watched the photos scroll by with detached interest.
It's not that Jake wasn't interested in the houses so much as he was more interested in his new bride. "New" being a relative term - they'd been married for almost three years now, but their passion had yet to cool. As it was, he adjusted his position to see if he could get a better look down her shirt. He knew it was silly - nothing he hadn't seen a thousand times, and would probably see again tonight - but the thrill of seeing more than he was meant to, when he wasn't meant to be looking, was too enticing to resist. And if she caught him, she'd scoff and roll her eyes, but yet the next time she'd return with one less button fastened.
"So, do you think you want to go see it?" Jake was summoned back to reality.
"Yeah, seems worth a closer look." He shrugged, concealing a smirk at his personal joke as he wiped his mouth with the napkin. The cacciatore was good, but the sauce was a bit too watery. Next time he'd let it simmer uncovered longer and keep an eye on it.
Melly smiled her bright smile, brown eyes shining, and tapped a button to save the house to her favorites list. She'd call the realtor the next morning and arrange everything. That was just who she was: go, go, go. A lot of people thought her peppiness was an act; part of her job as a personal trainer - that it was as much a part of her uniform as the curve-accentuating athletic apparel. But the truth was that she was just naturally effervescent and, once she had determined a course of action, threw herself bodily at every task without hesitation.
Jake, on the other hand, was much more reserved. It wasn't so much that he lacked enthusiasm as he tempered it and subjected every decision to a healthy degree of scrutiny before acting. He admired those who spoke slowly and softly, with the calm confidence of someone who was undeniably correct. But despite his pensive nature and his respect for measured action, he had a compulsive side - especially when Melly was involved.
After cleaning up dinner and dishes, the couple nuzzled together on the couch. Each of them scrolled absently on their phones while relaxing in each other's arms. Jake was reviewing the houses Melly had bookmarked earlier. He scrutinized photos and studied the language of the descriptions. "Well loved..." he said with overly exaggerated praise. "Ooh, this one has 'character.'" he mocked, earning him a smack on the leg.
And so it went until they went to bed. His groin ached, pressing against her as the couple spooned in their all-too-small full-size bed. "Not tonight." She moaned softly. "Save it for this weekend. It'll be so good." She rubbed tantalizingly against him in direct contradiction to her words.
"But what if I can't wait?" He slipped his hand beneath her shirt, running his fingers softly along her stomach to just graze the swell of her breasts. She took a shuddering breath and placed her hand atop his in a half-hearted gesture of restraint. He continued his circular path, slipping his fingers beneath the waistband of her shorts on the return pass before coming to rest on her hips. He pressed against her while pulling her in and softly kissing her earlobe. "What if you can't?" He whispered.
He slid his hand down her outer thigh and back up along the inner, allowing his fingers to push up the leg of her shorts before returning at last to her stomach. She responded by arching her neck back, closing her eyes and smiling, but pinning his hand in place. "Oh, but I can, and I will. And so will you."
In a past life he may have been upset by this rejection, especially when she was also aroused and clearly unopposed to his advances. He might have continued to press, or given up and snuck away to jerk off in the bathroom, but this was a game they played and he had learned that any frustration he felt now would be paid with interest. Not only would the sensation be greater, but his "range," let's say, would also be enhanced. He liked to brag about the time he 'damn near put a dent in the wall' from the middle of the bed. Melly would sigh and roll her eyes, but was also genuinely aroused by his vigor, which only served to encourage her.
The rest of the week passed in a similar fashion, building up to the weekend. But Melly threw a curve ball Friday, making him hold on for one more night. "I planned a full day of house appointments and open houses tomorrow. I don't want to be exhausted and smelling like sex all day."
"Well I do." Jake teased. She kissed him and wished him goodnight, but not before giving his crotch a brief massage. He groaned and tried again to get her going, but she stuck to her plan - difficult as it was for both of them - and he eventually gave up.
They were up and out early Saturday morning. Jake swore she was trying to kill him (in so many ways), to which she told him to shut up and drink his coffee. She wore a tight white, spaghetti-strap tank top - the kind with a built-in bra - and an airy pink skirt. Despite the amount of walking, she endured in a pair of practical, yet stylish, white platform heels that accentuated her toned legs. Not to be outdone, Jake trimmed up his goatee and threw some gel in his hair. He splashed on just a bit of cologne that he knew she loved but he rarely wore. He also had on a faded tee shirt that was just a touch too small and accentuated his muscular arms, tucked into a pair of perfectly fitting jeans. Two could play this game.
Of course, she played it better.
Their agent brought them to house after house. Some were okay, but none had everything they were looking for. Some had strange layouts or expensive maintenance issues. Others had a peculiar smell and a "murder vibe" as Jake described it. Their agent was perfect, though. She didn't push them any one direction and gave them all the time they asked for at each house.
Melly was vibrant, fluttering across the floors like a ballerina and sauntering up the stairs like a salsa dancer - always ahead of Jake. She caressed the bannisters, remarking on the quality of the wood while Jake shook his head and adjusted his pants. She would comment on the character of the house and how they could always change the paint, but in the end was never satisfied.
For his part, Jake checked all of the fixtures; turning the faucets on and off, flushing the toilets, and peering into the ductwork and other crevasses. "Hmmm." He would mutter with an academic aloofness. "Have to take a closer look at that later." He would say as he wandered off, poking and prodding at seemingly strategic points in the structure. Later, in the car on their way to the next location, Melly would ask what he'd seen and he'd shrug. "I don't know what the hell I'm looking for. I'm just making this up as I go. Funny to see your faces, though." She, of course, slapped him and rolled her eyes (as best she could while still driving).
Jake would take advantage of their brief car rides to gently caress her thighs, running his fingertips lightly from her knee up under her skirt. She always stopped him with a stern "Not while I'm driving. Do you want us to crash?" His advances were never fully unwanted, and he knew his boundaries well enough, so he would push right up to them.
"We're here." Melly said with unspoken intention. Stop and get out of the car, she meant, but he took the opportunity to go the extra distance, playing his fingers across the soft fabric of her underwear. She sucked in a breath and unintentionally let her legs relax farther apart. "We have to get out." She breathed, but did not move. She knew they had to stop, but did not want to. Their tour was nearing its end, and they had been teasing each other for the entire day. Both were eager to return home and had already fantasized about how they might pounce the other several times over.
The real estate agent got out of her car ahead of them, smoothing her polyester pantsuit. Without waiting for her clients, she marched up to the door to retrieve the key from the lockbox. Melly cleared her throat and fixed her hair as she composed herself. A quick dab of powder to her cheeks and she was out of the car. Jake, however, lagged behind. "Go on in. I'll catch up. Gotta reply to a text." he lied, staring at his phone. In reality he needed to wait for some swelling to go down, which took longer than it might have otherwise. A full week of waiting followed by a full day of teasing was pushing the limits of his endurance. He was tempted to pull up some porn, but checked the weather instead. Not only did he worry about seeming awkward or suspicious, but this house genuinely appealed to him more than the others, and he truly wanted to give it a proper walk-through.
He entered into the space between the kitchen and the living room. It was an open concept with a spiral staircase leading up to a loft. Without thinking, he kicked off his shoes and strolled through the kitchen, running his hand along the smooth, granite countertops and admiring the new chrome appliances. There was plenty of natural light, and the built-in fixtures provided options for brilliant illumination or a softer glow, which Jake preferred. The house was secluded enough to offer privacy, but not completely cut off from the possibility of a neighbor or passerby catching a glimpse through the generous windows.
Jake heard Melly and the agent talking upstairs as he continued his self-guided tour around the comfortable living room with vaulted ceilings accented with natural wood. The bathrooms were spacious and modern with no noticeable defects. He considered detouring to the basement, but was feeling a strong pull toward his woman, so he climbed to the second floor instead.
Not terribly fond of spinning, he tried not to think about getting dizzy as he stomped up tightly wound iron spiral. He fixed his eyes upward, focusing on his destination when Melly stepped onto the platform, giving him a glimpse up her skirt. She had removed her underwear, and Jake almost tumbled backward down the stairs.
"There you are." She teased, kissing him on the cheek and stuffing her panties into his pants pocket, deliberately teasing with her fingertips as she retracted them. "Thought you got lost." She gave him a knowing smile and disappeared in a flutter of pink. Once on the landing he spared a quick glance down and out into the room below. He always enjoyed the aesthetics of a loft, but found them less than practical. Especially in cases like this, which opened to a room that the current owners were using as a bedroom. Supposedly there were other bedrooms (and a bathroom) on this floor, but they had opted to make this space their master suite.
Jake made some comments about how he would arrange a desk and bookshelves in that space, adding something about a decanter of brandy and a humidor more for the eyerolls than out of any true plans. Though the idea did have some appeal to him.
As they filed into the next room, Jake put his hand on the small of Melly's back to guide her through the door and navigate himself around her. While the agent pointed out the features of the room, he let his hand slide down to her ass. He leaned in close to her and whispered in her ear, "I don't know how if I can wait until we get home." He gave a subtle caress and could feel the growing pressure against the inner leg of his jeans. She squirmed a bit but largely ignored him and asked the agent more questions.
While the women discussed features and figures, he began wandering through the spare rooms. He liked to play detective and try to figure out who lived in the houses they toureed. If he'd been alone, he'd have pulled open the drawers and indulge his voyeuristic side, but held off for the moment. They were currently in what must have been the teenage boy's room. Sports posters still hung on the wall, and there was a hint of abuse and neglect in the furniture that accompanies the hedonistic focus of the teenager.
When they emerged from the bathroom, Jake quickly formulated and enacted an idea. "Hey Julie," She was their realtor, "Would it be okay if we had ten or fifteen minutes to talk over some stuff? I know it's been a long day, but I'd like to be able to give you something solid before the end of the day, and we have seen a lot of beautiful things to consider."
He smirked while he said this, but the realtor, eager to make a sale, misinterpreted his signals. She reassured him that she had some calls to make and could busy herself for at least that much time. "No rush." she reassured him, to which he was immensely appreciative. She pulled out her phone and began dialing even as she walked down the stairs.
Jake didn't waste any time. He guided Melly to the loft to look out through the picture windows over the property. He placed himself behind her and encircled his arms around her waist. As he did so, Julie appeared outside below them on the wrap-around deck. They could just barely make out her phone conversation, but neither of them listened too closely. Jake felt himself instantly swelling and gently kissed her neck.
Melly rested her head back onto his shoulder. "What are you doing?" she moaned knowingly.
He slid his hands over her stomach to her sides, then up to her shoulders, kissing one of them as he delicately slid the straps of her tank top aside. "Fucking my wife in a stranger's house." He said, brazenly.
She shuddered. The physical stimulation was enhanced by their location and the fact that their agent was below them with only a window between them. Her angle, and the fact that she was on the phone, gave them an advantage, but still there was a very real chance of being caught.
Jake didn't slow down. He hooked her straps around his thumbs and pulled her shirt down slowly as he worked his lips up her neck to her ears where he whispered to her. "I hope she doesn't turn around." He paused a moment before pulling the shirt far enough to expose her nipples. She gasped, feeling her exposure viscerally. His hands made their way back up, depositing the shirt straps and teasing delicately over her sensitive nipples. He gently massaged her perky breasts, never giving her the full pressure of his grip, always teasing. His hands descended to her hips and she pressed back against him. "What if she turns around?" she asked without any hint of calling off his advances.
"Then I guess she gets a free show. Maybe we invite her up?" He teased. Normally she wouldn't accept talk like that, but today this only caused her to press more firmly against him.
"You'd better make your move." she scolded. "Time's running out."
In response, he pushed her skirt down low on her hips and ran his fingers around her waistband, remembering that she had gifted him her undergarments earlier. She took a sharp breath again as his fingers teased across her swollen lips. He caught an impression of her wetness, finalizing him into a rock-hard state and removing almost all perception of their current scenario. He was able to control himself, however, and milked the situation for all of its erotic advantage.
She twisted her head to kiss him on his lips, taking his tongue into her mouth but feeling the sensation on her other lips as well. He continued to massage her tits more intently as she rubbed a hand against his swollen jeans for only a moment before fumbling for the zipper. She managed to unfasten it and his button one-handed. With a nibble on his lower lip, she slid her hand down his stomach, behind the waistband. Her fingers teased along the length of his cock as she lowered herself, dragging her lips down his body as her hands pulled down his pants just far enough. He sprang forth against her chest, eliciting a sultry giggle from his bride as she slid the rest of the way against him until she took him in her mouth.
Jake's head fell back and he had to focus not to blow his wad instantly as her warm tongue enveloped him and began working quickly up and down. He forced his eyes open and looked down at her with her shirt around her waist. Her skirt had ridden back up, but their venue and knowing there was nothing under that skirt drove him wild with excitement. He glanced out the window and saw their agent still on the phone, gesturing and turning slightly. He could feel his heart hammering against his ribcage; his skin felt like it was vibrating.
He grasped her by the shoulders and guided her back up. She grinned at him, but he wasn't paying attention. He spun her around and pushed her back onto the bed in the center of the loft. She continued grinning wickedly at him as she raised her knees and pulled her feet onto the bed, spreading her legs. The pink skirt fell coyly across her pussy.
With immense restraint, he started at her ankles, sliding his hands gently up her legs. He could feel her twitching in anticipation and his cock pulsed in response. His fingers worked up her thighs to eventually slip on the slickness along the outer edges of her slit. She gasped and gyrated her hips toward him as he brought his head in with agonizing deliberateness. He let his breath touch her first, then grazed his lips along her thighs. She twitched and squeaked as he came close to her pussy, but pulled away. She was about to scold him for taking too much time when he pressed his tongue fully against her, working his way up to her clit where he began flicking it. She let out a low moan and grabbed the back of his head. He worked quickly, flicking and circling his tongue before pressing and pulsing it against her.
Melly was gasping, begging him not to stop when he pulled away and stood up. His cock was aching to penetrate that beautiful wet pussy and he wanted to fill her with the extra swell he was feeling. "Did you bring a condom?" She asked breathlessly.
"No, but I know where I can get one." He slid open the nightstand and ripped one from the roll he'd seen there earlier. With a practiced motion he tore it open using one hand and his teeth while, with the other hand, he teased Melly rubbing the tip of his cock up and down along her soft slit.
"You better fucking hurry." she gasped, fighting the urge to pull him into herself.
He deftly slid on the protection and into his wife. The initial sensation was almost all they needed. They both shivered as he eased his full length into her. She wrapped her legs around him as he buried himself in her and worked his hips around, grinding against her cervix. She clawed at his back as his muscles tensed. They squeezed each other and did their best to stifle the moans and grunts that came unbidden.
There was not much time to savor the sensation, but the paused a moment as Jake's extra-swollen member continued to pulse, drawing an additional gasp from Melly each time. Jake swore as he pulled out and realized he'd overflowed the condom. Then they both laughed. He peeked out the window to make sure Julie was still out there - which she was - before shuffling to the bathroom for a few handfuls of toilet paper. They made a hasty effort to clean themselves up and get dressed, each helping the other to rearrange hair and clothing with glowing smiles.
As Melly finished checking her makeup, Jake fished in his pocket, pulled out the lacy thong, and deposited it into the still-open nightstand drawer. "What are you doing?" she asked, wide-eyed.
"Compensation." Jake replied coolly, closing the drawer. Melly wanted to protest, but found that the idea was turning her on. As Jake was thanking Julie, sharing their thoughts on the properties and finalizing plans for their next viewing, the thought of her panties in a stranger's drawer made Melly feel secretly exposed, like a stranger spying her in the shower. She had a sudden urge to touch herself, but resisted. The combination of her lack of underwear and knowing where they were triggered her exhibitionist side. On the drive home she hiked up her skirt but wouldn't let Jake touch. Not until they got back to their apartment anyway, where they could have a proper romp or two. She couldn't wait to do it all again the next weekend, and was already planning her wardrobe.