'On a scale of jello to cookies, how stoned do I look?' he asks. I start to laugh, it's not even funny. His straight face, in this underwater themed cafe, I've got the giggles. I'm really trying hard to stop. I take a shaky breath, suppressing the laughter. A sip of Heineken gives me something to focus on. My other friend says, 'I think you mean baked,' while lifting up menus on the table with a fork.
'What have you lost?' he says to her.
'My fork.' she answers.
He starts helping her look, and I swear I am trying to tell her, 'you are holding it', but I'm gone. I can't breathe, I am laughing so hard. They both stop their searching to give me a 'what's so funny look', and oh my god, tears are now running down my face.
'I have to get out of here,' I manage to wheeze, as I push past her in the booth, I leave them both to their fork hunt.
The grey cobblestones look black in the glow of the lamp light, as I emerge, the cold of the autumn evening giving me the sobering I need. I weave through the crowds, mostly tourists in this part of town. The Amstel River shivers a neon trail through the old town. It's late but the businesses are still open. Mostly selling sex or weed, sometimes brightly painted wooden clogs or bunches of tulips.
My heels echo off the uneven pavement, as the sidewalk turns and runs around a corner, I follow it down a narrow laneway. I come upon a row of low set historic buildings drenched in a red glow. I stand and observe within the dozen or so windows laid out in front of me, a single silhouette in each, dressed only in underwear. I consider the invitation of a woman, around my age, perched on a stool, she crooks a finger, offering herself to me. My lips hint a reluctant smile, my head a soft shake, she moves her attention to a group of young men, noisy as they round the corner. When their drunken focus turns to me, I decide to continue my wanderings. I wrap my leather jacket around my body, folding my arms under my breasts to brave against the cold.
The smell of pot hangs in the air, mixed with the scent of late night street food. Pushing my way against the tide of tourists milling towards the window girls, a vendor shoves off the ticket booth he is leaning against and steps into my path. Handing me a flyer he says, 'You should come inside.'
The banner on the bill in my hand advertises 'live sex show' underneath which the alluring eyes of a naked woman peer up at me. The vendor catches the slight flare of my nose, as I run my eyes over the image.
'Usually there is a line. Tonight I can take you straight in.'
I look up at him, he grins, dropping his voice he leans closer, 'Trust me, you will enjoy it.'
A shiver runs down my spine, he drops his hand to my lower back, guiding me to the ticket seller.
Following him up the stairs, through the dark foyer, he says,
'I can take your coat, it's quite warm inside.' As I peel off my jacket, an amplified moan drifts from behind the double doors of the theatre, while the eyes of the usher roam down and back up my body. A smile teases his lips as his gaze lingers on my cleavage, and the soft bounce of my breasts as I remove the jacket. He passes it to the clock room attendant, and hands me a ticket. His eyes roam again, over my black tank top, lingering on the strip of skin above my skirt. My breath quickens, from the sounds of sex filling my ears, and from the strangers eyes roaming my curves.
'Follow me, it's nearly full, I will find you a seat.'
He holds open the theatre door for me and I step inside. On the stage a naked woman rides a man, slowly fucking him, he rises to meet her. The bed they lay upon is spinning, I watch as it turns, her face torn in an ecstasy I feel deep in my cunt.
The usher shines his touch to a seat in the third to last row. I tuck my way past the laps of three Asian men in suits, swatting at their wandering fingers. As I near my seat, the next occupant stands to let me pass. His light blue eyes glow bright in the darkness. He smiles down at me, sending a tingle all the way to my black boots, making the toes inside curl. His body is hard against mine as I slide past.
His friend stands, 'You can sit between us,' he says as he moves down one seat. I drop into my chair, the red velvet soft like marshmallow. The curtain on the stage draws back on the next act to reveal a dominatrix. Dressed in a black PVC catsuit, she stalks up and back across the stage. A shirtless man kneels at her feet, his head bowed as she berates him, stinging his skin with a riding crop. He cries out at each bite of the leather, part pain, part pleasure. I press my thighs together, relaxed from the beer and the weed, my senses heightened in the darkness of the theatre, the warmth builds between my legs.
'You have the same boots as her,' comes the voice from my left, his blue eye dropping a wink.
On the stage, the man is moved to a chair. His cock juts out from his lap, as she binds his hands and feet, to the furniture. My breath hitches as the brush of soft hair on my left arm dances over my skin, a hand shifting, wraps around the chair arm we share. 'Sorry,' he whispers, I turn my head, catching the French in his accent. The green of his eyes darkens as they meet mine. 'I'm Max,' he says, 'and that's Leon,' indicating towards blue eyes on the other side of me. 'You are here by yourself?'
'With friends.' I answer, my eyes tearing back to the show as a long groan echoes around the ornate theatre. A large black dildo bounces from the forehead of the man tied to the chair. The Dom unzips her crotch and mounts the phallic, her slave desperately trying to lick at her pussy each time she nears his face. Their moans mix together, his of desperate want, hers of edged pleasure.
I fist my palms in my lap, then straightening, smoothing my skirt. I run my hands down my thighs, stopping to rest on my knee caps.
'That's a shame.' Leon's lips hover next to my ear. 'You have the most perfect legs.' The backs of his fingers rub the side of my thigh, drawing my skirt higher. 'Look at Max's cock,' he whispers. 'He hasn't taken his eyes off you since you sat down. I bet it's harder than a steel rod.' You lift my hand from my lap and place it into Max's, your hand flat on top of mine, guiding it in place. 'Is it very hard?' he whispers, his breath on my neck, his other hand now moving to my inner thigh.
'Yes,' I answer, as I rub the denim covered thick column.
As the Dom drops to her knees, still teasing the bound sub, this time with her tongue, Max drops his hand to my thigh, dragging the tension filled limb towards him, opening my legs wide. The fingers from two men dance up and back along the nylon covered sensitive skin, teasing but never reaching my pussy lips.
I hear the zip of Leon's pants as he takes my hand, and places his cock in my other palm. Max draws his cock, and suddenly I am fisting them both.
My skirt is pushed up to my waist, as one hand from each of the men next to me, now stroking my slit, work together to tear the black nylon of my pantyhose. I drop my head back in a moan, as my panties are pushed to the side, the warmth of their skin travels through my wet folds.
They each grab a knee, spreading my legs all the way open, all four hands on me now, they rub my juices over my swollen clit, their fingers dip inside of me. I open my eyes and notice a new scene on the stage, an orgy. Their moans mix with mine. The man in the row in front has turned in his chair, his wild eyes on my wet pussy, violently jerking himself off. Someone, maybe Leon, it could be Max, has their finger in my ass, the juice from my cunt providing lube, as two fingers saw in and out, the sensation has my need clawing at me, my little hands tighten their grip on the hard shafts.
Max's cock throbs in my hand, as he growls, 'God I need to fuck that pussy.' He pushes back the arm separating our seats and slides over, dragging me on top of him. My breath warms the hard pillow of his chest. He brushes the hair back from my face, studying me, his kind eyes blaze with want, I mew my consent. His cock slides easily in, the tightness of my pussy no resistance to the cream it has drenched itself in. Gently he strokes my sheath, his large hands cup my ass, dragging my clit against his hard abs. Not caring who sees us, I push off his chest, rising up. Max moves both hands around my hips, guiding me up and down his long cock.
A handful of men from the row behind are now standing, fisting their cocks watching me moan.
The sounds of the performers grow louder and more intense, as Leon reaching from behind pulls down my top and bra, in one swift motion. He cups my breasts, pinching and twisting my hard nipples. The feeling of the strangers eyes on me has my pussy gushing, the four hands on me, roaming, caressing and grabbing is all consuming. Leon plants a hand in the small of my back, pushing my chest down to again meet Max's. Sliding his hand down he parts my ass cheeks. He dips his head, his tongue licking my hole, my pleasure continues to build, as a leg is thrown around my ass. Leon mounts me, inch by inch his cock slips inside my puckered hole. Max slows, his chest rumbling against mine as the pressure from his friend's cock reaches him. They alternate thrusts, too gently and too slowly for my aching need, I squirm and grind my clit, and beg for them to fuck me harder.
The circle of men in this little corner of the theatre has grown, a half dozen or more cocks set free, precum twinkling the ends, stroking frantically.
My nipples rub against the hard chest as my calls are heeded, the pleasure inside of my centre spreads and intensifies. Foreign words wash over me as my soft body molds to theirs, my French not fluent enough to catch it all, I giggle at the swearing, and sigh when something is declared good.
Whatever is happening on the stage is a million miles away, the only sounds are the three of us, of slapping skin and lusty moans. My eyes of no assistance, inhabiting the space between half closed and unfocused. A white glow traces my skin, the beam from the ushers torch finds our writhing bodies, sweeping over us to reveal a pair of hands spreading my ass wide, and the two cocks sawing at my sweet, wet holes.
Every stroke brings me closer to the edge. I'm somehow breathless and moaning at the same time. Crying to the heavens, I drop a hand to my clit, as Max reaches up from below, cupping my breasts, I'm whimpering now. The cocks surrounding us have begun to explode, strings of cum coating my arms, my stockinged legs, my face. Max pinches my nipples, I cry out from the shock, the sensation just the right side of pain, shoots pleasure down to my centre. I squeal in delight as I clamp down on the two thick, hard cocks filling me. My back arches, as I convulse, the orgasm tearing through me. As the pleasure washes over me, my walls grasping making their strokes get longer and deeper, until their ecstasy rises. My body milking both sets of swollen balls deep inside me, their sexy roars encompass me, as ribbon after ribbon of cum fills me.
My drained and used body lies surrounded between their hard plaines, their heavy breath caressing my bare skin. 'Mon petit chaton,' Max whispers, dropping kisses along my shoulder. 'What is your name?'