He saw her across the room mingling with others and being true to her nature. Dressed in a pink skirt that went down to just above her knees and a white top that covered her nicely. Between the two, you could tell she was very lovely and had an extremely arousing figure but what really drew him to her, was her eyes and her energy. Eyes full of passion promise and friendship and energy to match. So he meandered through everyone to her until they were face to face and watched the sparks slowly fly. In what some may say were brief moments they shared everything that could be said and laughed and teased and joked with his hand finding its way into her hand or was it hers into his. Not sure to this day but it was there and the next instant was the first kiss. Lips touching and brushing each other, small nibbles, as they looked into the others eyes until they pressed harder and closed them and enjoyed the sensation of lust and playfulness that occurred. Exhaling slowly they both looked about as if deer in headlights to realize no one really had noticed the kiss and they both cheesed and grinned at each other and continued to talk, stealing kisses and pecks here and there.
Finally with a bold move he whispers, I want more and she looked about and gave a playful nod and he drew her around a corner to a hidden part of the room where it was private to almost every angle and that's when the magic occurred. Pressing her firmly to the wall, his lips with more passion on hers than she knows what to do with and for a moment she wants to fight it and then submits to it with a moan and pulling him to her as well as she feels the stir of arousal against her stomach and his hands work down her sides.
Whispering softly to her, we must be quick and I want to taste you. Taste you, yes that is what he said and she panics for a moment as he drops to his knees and slowly lifts her skirt up. Panics and then lets go as she realizes no one can see and his hands are on her thighs, exploring her flesh, her body as her legs part revealing she is pantiless and he moans with appreciation and inhales her sweet scent of desire. The same desire he has for hers, but he wants this first. Wants it as he lifts one of her legs to his shoulder and she leans against the wall and lets his mouth explore.
Explore her pussy as they are hidden from view but the sounds still emit around them, drowning out what is about to happen as his tongue slides from between his mouth and flicks across her almost bare mound. Flicks across it as he slowly parts her lips and the juice that began to form first touches his tongue and he shivered with pure pleasure and licks again. Slowly licking her as he parts her lips till his tongue finds her hard clit. Finds it as her hands press to his shoulders and she stiffens and holds back a moan. Holds it back as he flicks it again and again, drawing it out from her and instead of moaning her nails dig into his body as she holds on and his tongue slips down to her opening and slides in and tastes some more. Tastes as he moans into her pussy and rumbles across her even as she writhes and pushes and wants more.
Wants more as his tongue slide back up to her clit as she leans against the wall, having her pussy eaten right then and there. Not caring anymore but for the pure pleasure as she feels a finger slip inside of her and slide right across her gspot and she gasps and bites her bottom lip to not let it out and pushes his head back to her clit. Pushes it back as his finger teases the sweet spot and his tongue dances across her clit. He so loves to eat pussy, day in and day out and this is no exception. He is drawing so much pleasure from this as his face gets wetter and wetter from her arousal until she cant bear it anymore and under the sounds of everything else she adds one as she moans and covers his tongue and face and fingers with the high of the need. Her orgasm digs into her as her fingers let him know if he could not tell by breaking skin on his shoulders.
Holding her there for a moment, his mouth still he inhales and closes his eyes as he is awash with her pleasure. Enjoying it all for the brief moment as he puts her leg back on the ground, lowering her skirt as he stands to kiss her. Letting her taste her orgasm from his lips as she relishes the taste and can see the pleasure in his eyes. The pleasure that she had that he fed on.
Both of them grinning like cheshire cats as they step back into the public view with none seeming the wiser. Dangerous and playful, he has had his taste of her and he smiles and wonders if she will make the next move and try and do the same to him, or will he just have her pussy again and again until she asks for more.