Continued from Katie and Paul Part 9...
We'd been back from holiday for almost two weeks, and the weather back home was almost as glorious, if not as warm, like Greece. It had given me plenty of chances to sunbathe on our balcony after work, to keep my bronze tan topped up. Paul wasn't complaining, it was almost more of a shock for him to come home to find me actually having any clothes on.
I hadn't had the chance to sunbathe tonight, we were going out to a restaurant with some of Paul's work colleagues. Although it was now midway through September the weather was warm enough of an evening to still wear my summer dresses. There'd be a slight chill but that would be hardly noticeable as we got in and out of taxis.
I'd selected my dress to wear, a royal blue number, but couldn't decide whether to go with white or black underwear underneath. I spent as much time trying on each with the dress as I had done in the shower, constantly changing my mind. I opted to go with white, and also decided to tease Paul by wearing white stockings ready for when we got home.
Paul had arrived home, showered and changed not long after I'd finished. He looked me up and down and mock wolf-whistled me. He was just checking he had everything when he heard his laptop ping.
"Oh, I've had an email that hasn't come through to my phone," he exclaimed.
He read the email, looked up at me, then re-read it again. He looked confused, then started laughing.
"What's funny, who's the email from?" I asked.
"Geoff," he answered.
Geoff was a name I'd virtually forgotten about. He was our old near neighbour who I'd found out a few months ago could see me in our bedroom. I'd always walked around our bedroom naked after showering or after waking up, and now it had left my mind that Geoff had a very good view of me while I did so. I hadn't stopped doing so and didn't even bother to see if Geoff was watching anymore.
"What does he want, I'd almost forgotten about him," I asked.
"Well, first off he says the white undies were a good choice, they contrast very nicely against your suntan. Secondly, he says he'd really like to see the black undies up close," Paul told me.
I didn't understand what he meant, but Paul was already sending a reply to ask him to elaborate. The laptop pinged again.
"He says his eyesight isn't as good as it was now he's old, and he's having to use binoculars to focus on you properly. He'd get a much better view of you in his living room instead."
"Cheeky bugger," I replied, "He should be grateful he still gets a free view now and again!"
Paul looked at me and asked if we should send him the link to the website for the Pizzagirl pictures.
"At least he can look at them on his computer, that's close enough to you being in his living room right?"
I half-nodded, and Paul sent the link before I could change my mind. Geoff had seen enough of me in real life anyway. The next reply came through.
"Great pics, Katie's come splattered arse looks amazing. And who knew she was into old men too, or is it just old men on a train?"
I'd forgotten Paul had uploaded those. We'd all got our faces covered by black squares, but there was no denying how old the man had been. Paul looked pensive, so I asked him what was the matter.
"He says they'll pay you £100 each for one evening, photos and videos. They've done it before and will sign agreements that nothing will be posted online, it's purely for self-gratification."
I looked at him shocked, and asked what Geoff meant by 'they'. We got the answer soon enough.
"He's been taking pictures and videoing you to practice and has joined a photography club to get him out of the house. There are four others about the same age as him all willing to chip in. It means you'll earn £500 for about three hours of work. You know we don't need the money, but you've shown off to a lot of people for free previously. Think of it as doing another balcony show but being paid for it instead."
I thought for a while, then told him to tell Geoff we'd think about it and get back to him as soon as we'd decided. Paul replied to Geoff, then we left for the restaurant.
My mind was elsewhere while we were out. There were six of us on our table, with Paul and myself sitting on one side together. Paul leaned over after a while and asked if I was okay, and I told him I couldn't get Geoff's proposal out of my head. I felt Paul's hand slowly start to raise my skirt, over my knees at first, then to my stocking tops, then just enough that he could flick a hand across the front of my panties. I had to suppress a groan.
Paul leaned over to me and whispered "Thinking of Geoff's idea is getting you hot and bothered down there isn't it?"
I looked at him as he moved away, a big smirk across his face. I knew he was up for the idea, and he was right, I could feel my pussy tingling even before Paul had touched me. I felt a little ashamed that I'd been thinking about Geoff's cock. I excused myself and said I needed the toilet. Once I got myself into a cubicle I hitched up my skirt and checked my panties, as I thought they were very damp. I decided to take them off and stuffed them into my handbag. I instinctively felt my fingers stray to my clit, and I shuddered. I needed to release this pent up frustration, but also knew I'd be missed if I stayed in there too long. Reluctantly I stood up and smoothed my dress down, and returned to my seat.
I hadn't long sat down when Paul started to pull my skirt up again. He got it to my stocking tops again, and his hand went to snake up my leg, only this time I knocked Paul's hand away. He grinned in realisation at what I'd done.
Sitting opposite us was a female colleague of Pauls, named Cathy. She was very prim and proper, Paul had come back home with stories of her turning her nose up at any form of vulgarity in the office. Her husband Rob was sitting next to her, looking like he wanted to be anywhere else but here. They were both about mid-40s in age.
Suddenly Paul dropped his knife off the table, and in trying to stop it from hitting the floor succeeded only in knocking it further under the table towards Rob. He asked Rob if he could reach down for it, as it was too far for him to pick up. Rob bent down under the table, retrieved the knife, then banged his head under the table. It suddenly dawned on me that because he was sitting opposite me, he would have been able to see right up my skirt and see I had no panties on.
He re-appeared looking very red-faced, and quickly shot a glance at me, and then Paul. I smiled and asked if he'd seen anything else down there. His face went a further shade of red.
The evening finished and we made our way home, not after Rob had kissed me goodnight on the cheek for what seemed like an eternity, and thanked me for making the dinner worthwhile.
Myself and Paul had both had a fair amount to drink, and had to work the next day, although my shift didn't start until 10 am Paul had to be in the office at 6 am, so we undressed and clambered into bed.
I awoke the next morning to find Paul's side of the bed empty. It was almost 7.30 am. It was a bit early for me to start getting ready for work yet, and getting out of bed noticed I'd taken off my undies but not my stockings. I ran my hand down my nylon-clad thigh, and it made me tingle inside. I really like the feel of nylon on my body, and coupled with last night's flashing, Geoff's idea, and the fact Paul and I hadn't had sex, I knew my next move.
My hand wandered to my clit and I started to rub myself, slowly easing my middle finger up my already soaking slit and across my clit. My back arched as I did so, my stomach turning knots. I stopped momentarily to reach into my toys drawer and heard the laptop ping. It was an email notification. I remembered Geoff still hadn't had an answer.
I stopped what I was doing and opened up the laptop. The screen showed there were 5 unread messages. Geoff was either very impatient or explaining everything in great detail. It was a little of both. It explained how there'd be video cameras up at various angles around the room which would be shooting while they took pictures. Geoff would edit these later and we could have a copy if we wanted. However he explained further that if I went there one evening, with all the lights on and the curtains across Geoff's french windows to the garden not closed, Paul would not only be able to get a good view, but he wanted him to video it from our balcony too.
He didn't want Paul to go with me. Hmm, that bit scared me a little, but he'd also added that all five of them were in their sixties and they'd done this before, so Paul was welcome to visit him beforehand and go over the finer details.
The last email had nothing on it, just an attachment. I opened it, to find a video link. I clicked play. It was Geoff in his favourite chair, stroking his big fat cock. It looked bigger on video than my previous views of it. He'd pointed a camcorder at himself, said to the camera that it was a great show tonight, then turned the camera to show me, on all fours on our bed, pounding my pussy furiously with a dildo just as I came loudly and collapsed in a heap. You couldn't see my face but I knew it was me. The camera panned back around just as Geoff came all over his floor.
Seeing Geoff's cock set me off again. I hated myself for it, despite what Geoff looked like that cock of his was impressive. I played the video again, and my stomach and pussy tingled with excitement. Maybe me posing for them would mean Geoff wanking over me, and the thought of seeing his cock up close and personal almost made me come without touching myself.
I quickly got off the bed, flung open the curtains to our balcony, and opened both of the windows. I stepped out, put one leg up on the sunlounger, and proceeded to finger my pussy with one hand while rubbing my clit with the other, all while staring down towards Geoff's house. I had no idea if he was watching as I closed my eyes, and came after only 30 seconds. My juices flowed down my stockinged legs, and I quickly had to slide to the floor as my legs turned to jelly. God, I needed that!
The evening arrived and Paul and I were sitting on our sofa having just eaten. I reminded him that we needed to give Geoff an answer, and there were more emails he needed to read through. Paul hurried upstairs to get the laptop and returned to his seat.
"Did you read all of these properly?" he asked.
"Not really, I quickly scanned them. Except for the last one," I replied. He smirked at me as he'd already seen what the last email was.
"He wants me to tell him your measurements, they're going to buy outfits for you to wear, and you can keep them afterwards. He also wants you to grow a landing strip," Paul told me, reading from the emails.
"A landing strip?"
"Yeah. He knows you're always shaved, but they want you to keep a small rectangle of pubic hair above your clit, trimmed of course. You can shave the rest as normal though. Apparently, it helps to distinguish when you're wearing panties, or so he says. It's not explained very well."
It seemed a strange request, but wouldn't be too much hassle, it wouldn't take much to shave it off again afterwards I thought to myself.
"So, shall I tell him your up for it then? He wants me to reply, and go around later to talk things through with him if so."
I hummed a little, making it look like I was still thinking about it. In reality, I was very much looking forward to it. "Tell him yes," I told Paul.
Later that evening Paul returned from Geoff's and told me the plan. He'd agreed for it to be on Wednesday evening the next week, as he knew I wouldn't have to be at work until 2 pm on Thursday. Geoff had given him a written agreement that they'd all signed and showed him an album of three women they'd had the same arrangement with. Geoff had been very meticulous in making sure all faces had been covered over, including himself and his friends, on both the photos and videos. Paul also told me that there were some very risque photographs, including some masturbation ones. I told him I'd been expecting so, I didn't think the £500 was just for walking around in underwear all evening.
Paul was happy enough with the arrangement, I told Paul my slight apprehension about him not being there, but he assured me it would be fine as he'd be watching anyway. Wednesday was six days away yet, I wished it was sooner.
The days seemed to pass so slowly. Wednesday finally arrived and I got home from work, showered and shaved. I made a point of leaving some pubic hair as instructed, then tried to decide what to wear. I pulled three pairs of stockings from my drawer, and a selection of matching underwear to go with them when Paul walked into the bedroom.
"Oh, I assumed you'd wear jeans and a T-shirt or similar as they're supplying the outfits?" he said.
I'd forgotten about that. I quickly pulled some from the wardrobe and decided against wearing any of my own underwear as I'd only be taking them off soon.
We'd arranged for me to be dropped off at around 7.30 pm. As we pulled up outside Geoff's house Paul asked if I was still okay with this, making sure before leaving me. I leaned over, kissed him hungrily, and told him to enjoy the show.
"If you enjoy yourself, then I do not doubt that myself and the guys will too," he said while smiling broadly.
I knocked on the door to be greeted by Geoff. He was wearing a vest top and some khaki shorts. I was glad I hadn't dressed up now. He kissed my hand and ushered me in, waving to Paul as he did so. He pointed right in front of him, and I went into his well-lit living room. As well as the main lights being on, there were light towers around the room, intermingled with video cameras set up at different heights. Five chairs we placed in a semi-circle with Geoff's leather chair pride of place in the middle. On the floor was a huge plastic sheet, covering virtually the entire floor apart from just enough room to walk around the outside.
I was greeted by someone handing me a large glass of wine, who Geoff introduced as Eric. There were also Bob, Arthur and Eddie. They all stopped and smiled when introduced. All of them were in their sixties like Geoff. I drank some of the wine and Eric topped up my glass before I could stop him.
"Get that down you and relax, we need to wait for Paul to be ready too before we begin the night," Geoff told me. I gulped half of the glass right down. Eric topped it up again. I drank some more.
Everyone seemed very friendly which put me at ease. Bob and Arthur were pacing around the room, viewing different angles and checking the video cameras were correctly placed. Eddie had made sure that there were no obstructions from the french windows, and that the curtains were firmly open and tied back. Eric just seemed to be on wine duty, making sure all had some drink in their glasses, me especially. The sun was slowly going down now, and half of Geoff's garden was floodlit from his living room it was that bright.
Paul appeared on our balcony. He had his video camera on a tripod to the left of our bedroom window as I looked. I wondered why that far over, then wondered if he'd set up the internal camera to record on his laptop, as I had done when putting on my balcony show for Geoff. He waved to say he was ready, and Geoff turned to me.
"If you're ready, go upstairs to my bedroom, first door on the left as you go up. There are dress bags marked one to five hanging up, wear them in the correct order, please. When you've modelled all five, we'll decide on our favourite outfit for an encore session."
I nodded, happy with the arrangement, and wandered off upstairs after gulping down half of my wine again. I needed to slow down, my head was starting to get fuzzy. I opened the door to Geoff's bedroom, and saw the dress bags and also a fresh bottle of wine and a glass. I poured myself another drink. I noticed the curtains were open and peered through. I realised I was above Geoff's living room. From there you could see into our bedroom only because of our house being higher up the hill, from his bedroom you could see clearly into our kitchen too. I wondered if he'd ever watched me naked cooking?
I opened the first dress bag up. Standard. Nurses outfit. It looked like a large vest top, with a zip right up the middle. Straps at the bottom to fasten stockings to. In the bag were also some white stockings and a white thong. The outfit was completed by some flat white shoes and white elbow-length gloves.
I slipped off my jeans and t-shirt and folded them at the bottom of the bed, and kicked off my shoes. The outfit was a perfect fit and felt very nice on my skin, it was a silky material. I put it on, attached the stockings and added the thong over the top. My newly acquired landing strip was visible, almost like a target for the eyes. I checked myself out in the mirror and noticed my nipples were starting to get erect. I liked how I looked, so I'm sure the guys would. Oh well, here goes I thought to myself as I gulped down half of the wine in one go.
I walked down the stairs and entered the living room. Five pairs of eyes moved to me, five old men fell silent.
"I guess we won't be needing the ice cubes then?" stuttered Bob, breaking the silence while pointing at my nipples.
I was shown to the middle of the floor, directly central to the french windows. The guys started directing me into different poses in different directions, and after a minute or so I started posing how I thought looked good. Nobody questioned or stopped me.
"Pull the zip halfway down" someone shouted. Not only did I do so, but I also started to push my breasts together while looking at each one of them in turn. I went back around them again, this time leaning forwards so that my thong was showing.
"Geoff, you've won first prize with this one mate, she's amazing, what a figure" shouted Arthur.
"If only we were forty years younger!" laughed Bob, and they all laughed with him.
I reached over for the glass of wine I had left down here, gulped some more down, and released my breasts completely from the material. Because of how far up the zip still was, my breasts were pushed together, making a very impressive cleavage. My nipples were so hard I could have hung a couple of the other dress bags on them. I was really getting into it now, and crouched down on all fours, turning so my arse faced them each, then turning onto my back and spreading my legs a little. My thong was still on, but it barely hid my pussy.
"Time for outfit two now I think" shouted Geoff. A couple of groans rang out.
I sauntered out of the room doing my best catwalk to a few claps and went upstairs. I undressed and realised how much I was enjoying myself by the dampness of the thong. I picked up my glass and drank some more wine, and topped up the glass.
Outfit number two was a bit more risque. A black wet-look basque set, with black wet look stockings. Diamante studs were dotted around the suit, and across the thong too. There were also a pair of black high heels, with diamante studs across the ankle fastening. The material was PVC, so this was going to take some squeezing into.
I eventually managed it, putting the thong on last before sitting on Geoff's bed to put on the heels. It was an open cup, so my breasts were completely on show from the get-go, with supporting straps around them. There was a strap fastening on the back of the neck. I looked at myself in the mirror, tweaking my nipples although they were still standing to attention anyway, and went down to my awaiting audience after another drink of wine.
I had a similar reaction to the first outfit, with a few wow's at my exposed breasts. Nobody directed me this time, after drinking another half a glass of wine while posing I probably wouldn't have listened anyway. I did mostly the same poses as before, with a few on my side also with one leg raised, and a few with my back to them all giving Paul a better view. I'd started posing on all fours when Eddie shouted out.
"Can you lose the thong love? We can't see much of your pussy because the thong isn't see-through."
The room went silent as I rose to my feet, then audible gasps as I turned my back to them, kept my legs straight, and slid the thong down the stockings, finally kicking it off my ankles. I could feel my pussy squelching with my legs close together. Any inhibitions I may have felt had disappeared due to how turned on I was getting, and the wine. I stood up straight, spread my legs apart, and bent over again keeping my legs straight, reaching behind me and pulling my arse cheeks apart. Geoff bent down right behind me and took some very very close up shots of my wet pussy, picking up the thong as he did so.
"The gusset is wet, she's enjoying this as much as we all are!" he exclaimed.
I turned to face him and squatted down, my lips parted and my pussy gaped. I noticed then that Geoff had a camera right at the front of his chair which would be pointing right at my exposed pussy. I slid a finger across my clit and shuddered. I lay down on my back and gripping both legs with my hands behind my knees, and spread myself as wide as the outfit would allow.
Geoff stared down at me, momentarily stopping taking photos. He rose to his feet and told the room this was getting steamy.
"My shorts are getting as wet as her thong is!" he cried out, before releasing his zip and pushing them off his fat waist.
They slid to the floor, and his cock sprang out. My finger flicked my clit again as he also removed his vest top. I'd seen his cock when erect, but this time he was still flaccid but leaking pre-cum hung off the bottom. His soft cock was still around seven inches long, and around the same size girth. It was fat. It looked like the bottom of my arm. My stomach churned up just seeing it again.
"You'd better go and get the next outfit on before I explode everywhere!" Geoff said a massive grin on his face as he saw me eyeing up his impressive member. I got up and left the room as the others started to remove items of clothing too.
I got upstairs and took another large swig of wine. My head swooned, I knew I'd drunk too much and needed to slow down to keep my wits about me. I peeled off the outfit and folded it as best as possible. Before looking at the next one, I stood naked looking at myself in the mirror. I could see and feel my juices running down my legs, and wiping them up with my fingers, tasted myself. I was too wet to dry myself by hand, so looked around for something to wipe myself. Nothing obvious was in sight. I had an idea. I picked up Geoff's pillow, and placing it on the edge of the bed, ground myself against it leaving a trail of my pussy juices on the cover. I smiled to myself, knowing Geoff would be able to smell me when he slept.
Outfit number three was a blue lace babydoll nightie with a pair of matching boxer short type shorts. The nightie didn't cover a lot, it had lace mesh cups with a sheer skirt. A fastening strap ran from the middle of the cups to the back of the neck, running right up my cleavage. The boxers were the same shade of lace mesh as the babydoll and felt a little heavier than the other undies. Pulling them up into my place, I found there was a small plastic part inside that snuggled against my clit. It felt nice, I took a few paces and could feel its smoothness pushing against my clit.
I felt sexy posing for the guys in this, and knowing I could take this home could definitely see me wearing it a lot for Paul. Returning to the room, all of the guys were now naked but still sitting in their chairs, cameras at the ready.
I was getting into it now, putting my legs up onto the arms of the chairs as the guys took pictures, and almost pretending to lapdance for them all in turn. Each of them had erections by now, and although not of Geoff's quality, none of the guys were small. Geoff asked me to lie on my back and bent down to pick something up. He picked up a similar-looking piece of plastic and pushed a button on it. I felt a tingle run through my clit. He pushed it again, and the tingle was stronger. One further push, and it felt like my clit was being rubbed by someone. They were vibrating panties.
I closed my eyes while rolling around, the pleasure flowing through me. I pulled at my nipples roughly, as Geoff kept pushing the button to slow and speed up the sensations as he felt fit. He stopped long enough to get me on all fours, my arse facing the window and made me look him in the eyes. He had a mischievous grin on his face as he pushed the button, my back arching wildly with it the fastest setting. Each time I looked away or closed my eyes he ordered me to look at him. He knew he was in control of me. He'd leave me writhing until he could see me jerking as an orgasm started to well up inside of me, then stopped the vibrations to tease me.
This set Eric off, and he stood up and started wanking in my direction. Geoff shouted something to him, and Eric went to the corner of the plastic sheet closest to the french windows and came on the floor. Bob followed him and came in the same place.
Suddenly Geoff put the remote down and told me to go and change into outfit number four. I was almost as upset as the other guys. Walking upstairs I could feel them rubbing against my clit, but it wasn't the same pleasure. I took off the outfit and rubbed my pussy dry on Geoff's pillow again. Another swig of wine, and it was time to put on the next outfit.
This outfit made me gasp. It was a white see-through set with white fur bits across the cups, body and lower stomach. It came complete with white furry gloves and a cat headband, and white heels. I searched the dress bag again, but there were no panties with this set. I looked at myself in the mirror, and instinctively let out a meow.
I went downstairs and stood in the middle of the floor area, ready to pose. Geoff asked if I liked this one, and before I'd had the chance to answer threw something at me, saying it was to complete the set. I caught it, this was white fur too but quite long. I couldn't work out what it was until I found the other heavier end. It was a tail butt plug. All of the guys looked over at Geoff, it seemed like they weren't expecting this too.
"Put it in then," Geoff said quite sternly.
Four other sets of eager eyes stared to see if I would do so. I went to leave the room.
"No," said Geoff, "Put it in here, now, while we take pictures."
I'm no stranger to using buttplugs but didn't know if this was too much.
"I don't know if Paul would approve," I told him.
"Nonsense, look at him up the on the balcony enjoying himself, he's already come three times as far as I can tell."
I turned to look up towards Paul, who was indeed completely naked on our balcony. Even from here, I could see smears of his come on the glass balustrade surrounding the balcony. I held up the tail, and he gave me a thumbs up. I walked over to Geoff's chair, put a leg up on the arm, and rubbed my fingers up my pussy before using them to lube my arse. Arthur tapped me on the shoulder and handed me a bottle of lube.
I got down on all fours on the floor, made sure my arse and the buttplug were properly lubed, then slowly inserted it until it was in. I could feel the tail tickling my legs. I put my legs as close together as possible and squeezed my arse on the plug. I went to get up, but Geoff told me to stay on all fours. He told me to parade around them all, rubbing up against their legs as a proper cat would.
Either the drink or my excitement had taken over, I was happy and turned on enough to do almost anything. I moved around them all, then crawled over to the french windows. I looked over my shoulder at Eric, meowed, then looked up at the handle. Eric opened the windows up, and I crawled outside into the well-lit garden. I moved around the garden for a couple of minutes while they all stood watching and photographing me, then I came back inside and pretended to start licking at the small pool of Eric and Bob's come. The guys all loved this.
I wandered over to the door to go upstairs, Bob opened it up for me and staying on all fours I left to get changed again. Again I wiped myself dry on Geoff's pillow, and also wiped the tail buttplug on there too.
The fifth outfit probably wouldn't look the sexiest, but it was my favourite as soon as I saw what it was, an all-over black sheer bodystocking. It had full-length arms and even my feet would be enclosed, but was crotchless and had an opening at the back under the neck fastening which reached almost down to my arse. Just putting it on and running my hands over it made me tingle. There were no shoes, but I put on the black heels from the wet-look basque set.
I walked into the middle of the room once downstairs, just feeling the material rubbing my skin all over was making me feel really horny. I paraded around for the guys, doing as many poses as I could, and when I ended up on my back I slipped two fingers into my pussy and kept them there. There were a few murmurs now, they'd seen me with a buttplug but was I actually going to masturbate for them?
I removed my fingers, and slowly and seductively licked them clean, before repeating the process. I made a point of making sure to wipe my hands over the outfit, loving the feeling the material made. Eddie decided to be bold and ask if I could put those fingers into my arse instead.
I answered him by moving onto my stomach, reached behind me, and inserted them quite easily after the buttplug had stretched me. I could sense people walking around me, vacating their chairs to get better angles.
"Looks like she wants her holes filling," Arthur shouted. I had no intention of fucking any of them, so asked him what he meant. He went into the kitchen and came back with an empty wine bottle.
"Use that on yourself love, let's see how fucking dirty you can be then?" he said.
If he was calling my bluff he lost. I squatted, put the bottle on the floor, and lowered myself onto it. I raised and lowered myself a few times, but with the neck of the bottle being around four inches long and smooth, it wasn't doing anything for me. Arthur must have sensed this, and suggested I insert it into my arse instead. I did so, this was more pleasurable but I persisted with it just for the photos.
I removed the bottle and put it to my mouth to lick my juices from it.
"Wait, I have an idea," said Geoff.
He got Eddie to take the bottle off me, and pass it over to him. He then called Archie to him and whispered something to him. Archie wandered off to the kitchen and came back with two more empties. He placed them on the floor, next to each other, and Geoff instructed me to squat on them both. I got into position but kept knocking the bottles over when trying. Archie lay on the floor to hold the bottles still, but I needed to lean back slightly to get the right angle.
Bob came over and stood behind me, hooked his hands under my armpits to hold me steady, getting a good grip of my breasts while doing so. As he took my weight, his erect cock pushed against my back. I rubbed my pussy to lube my fingers, made sure the bottlenecks were wet and lowered myself, Archie directing the bottles into me.
Once I was plugged and could support myself, they returned to their chairs to get some photos. Geoff picked up the first bottle and gripping his cock smeared the neck of the bottle with his cock juice. He passed it around the others and they did the same. When it got back to Geoff he stood and handed it back to me, telling me that now I could lick it clean.
Five lots of pre-cum, and my arse and pussy juices. I licked the rim of the bottle like I was flicking at the end of a penis, then took the bottle fully into my mouth, moving it back and forth like I was giving a blowjob. Once cleaned I put the bottle on the floor, put my hands on the other bottles, then raised myself until they exited my orifices, both making a slurping sound as they came out. I lay on my back and spread my legs, showing my gaping holes to all.
Geoff told me as I went to leave the room that they'd shout up soon to tell me which outfit to put back on, and he had one more present too. Before taking off this one, I posed for myself in the mirror and started to finger fuck myself slowly.
Geoff shouting upstairs made me jump. They wanted me to wear the wet look set again, but he asked me not to wear the thong to it. I reluctantly took off the bodystocking and put on the basque set again. The PVC was quite cooling on my skin. I entered the living room, and there were a few glances around each other. Geoff beckoned me to him and handed me a small bag.
"Final present, I think you'll like it, and I know we all will."
I slipped my hand into the bag, felt something rubber, and pulled out a dildo. Actually, it was a double dong. Two lifelike dildos slightly different sizes next to each other, with a suction cup base. The larger of the two wasn't massive but was still around six inches long, the smaller probably five inches and a little thinner too. Bob walked over and handed me the bottle of lube again.
"I want you to stick it to the french windows, and we're all going to go outside and take photos. We'll make sure we don't block Paul's view though," Geoff explained.
I waited for them to go outside, which was quite funny seeing five old men with erections or semis trying to walk properly, then stuck the dildo to the window. I adjusted it to roughly the right height, and although I doubted I'd need much, lubed up both parts, and checked my pussy and arse with lubed too. I turned my back, leant forwards, and holding each dildo steady got about an inch of the larger dildo in my pussy, then lined up the smaller one against my arsehole and pushed back. Three strokes later I was fully impaled and stood still for a few seconds to feel the veins on each dildo.
I started riding the dildos, letting them nearly right out of me before pushing back, my arse cheeks squashing on the windows as I did so. I'd worked up a good rhythm and put a hand down to play with my clit. Geoff shouted to me not to and told me to lean right forward and put my hands on the floor. I had to slow my pace like this, but the veins rubbing against my insides still felt good. I really felt the need to come though, I'd been on the brink a few times already.
Suddenly Geoff and the guys came back in, and Bob put his hand behind me and pulled the dildo away from the window with it still in me. Eddie asked me to get on all fours in the middle of the sheet, so I was facing side onto the french windows. They all stood on either side of my head, except Geoff who went and knelt behind me.
"Now for the finale," Geoff said, as I felt his hand grip the suction part of the dildo, "We all need to cum now."
As he finished saying it he started to pull the dildo out of me, before pushing it back again. My head dipped downwards as tingles of pleasure flew through me.
"Lift your head and look at the guys, and keep looking at them" he instructed.
Four erect cocks were being stroked in front of me, edging ever close while Geoff continued to work the dildo on me. Bob got brave and squatted, putting his cock right by my mouth. I realised then that they had positioned so that Paul could see this bit.
"Stick your tongue out at least love, even the pizza man got a blowie off you," Geoff said. "It's no good having these holes filled if that one isn't."
I had no idea what Paul's reaction would be, but I had an overwhelming urge to taste them all. I nodded to Bob and stuck my tongue out. He placed the end of cock on my tongue and started to wank himself faster. I told him to stop, and took his cock into my mouth, swirling my tongue around and swallowing all of his pre-cum down. I took my mouth off him, and called Archie over, and did the same to him.
Eric and Arthur got the same treatment too, then I turned over onto my back. With Geoff still working the dildo on me, I put my hands behind my knees and pulled my legs right back. The guys all knelt around my head, hands reaching down and gripping my breasts, and pulling at my nipples. I'd closed my eyes now, I could sense an almighty orgasm coming over me.
One of them asked me to open my mouth and as I did so felt a splash as come started to rain over me, across my face and hair. I had no idea who had come as I'd kept my eyes closed. About thirty seconds later a second set of splashes, this time across my breasts. The next load went across my face again, most of it across my closed eyes. Just as they'd finished coming, a hand gripped my head and turned it sideways, stuck their cock into my mouth, wanked quickly and came down my throat.
I swallowed it all down, then used my fingers to clear my eyes so I could open them again. I licked my fingers clean and opened my eyes to see the four others had returned to their chairs. Geoff had left the dildo in me but was standing up now. He made me kneel in front of him, and attach the suction part to the floor. He told me to raise myself so the dildos were nearly out of me, then stay like it.
"Stick your tongue out then, my turn now," he grinned down at me.
I looked at his cock as he gripped the base. I could deepthroat Paul's eight inches once I'd got used to it, but Geoff's cock was about an inch longer and much fatter. I wasn't sure I could fit it in my mouth, let alone blow him properly. I don't know if he hadn't come for a few days either, but his balls were massive too.
He moved forward a little and tapped his cock on my tongue. I jumped and lowered myself down. He shouted at me not to. I raised myself again, and he put his cock on my tongue and started to slowly stroke himself. He was almost making a point of making sure his cock didn't properly go in my mouth.
He then held his cock still and told me to start riding the dildo, keeping my tongue out and to keep looking up at him. Each time I raised myself my tongue touched the end of his cock. He stayed like this for about five minutes, then told me to get off the dildo.
"Now get back on all fours, and lick each part clean again. When they're properly clean you can deepthroat either one."
I turned onto all fours without question, licking them both in turn. I felt Geoff knelt behind me and gripping his cock put it at the entrance to my pussy. He started to stroke, slowly and deliberately, again making sure he wasn't pushing it inside me. The dildo now cleaned, I took the larger one in my mouth. Now Geoff coincided his strokes with me taking the dildo in my mouth.
A familiar feeling flowed through me, and my moans were getting louder and louder. Geoff moved his cock and put it on my arsehole, then started to stroke again. Now and then he'd pull his cock up and tap it down on my arsehole, and sometimes on my clit. My orgasm was coming on strong now, but Geoff removed his cock.
"Please Geoff," I cried out, "Please don't stop, I need to come. Stop teasing me and fill me up!" I blurted out.
I started sobbing, partly because I desperately needed to come, but mostly because I'd near enough begged him to fuck me while Paul was watching.
Geoff shuffled forward, and I braced myself for his massive length to start pushing inside me. I sunk my mouth onto the dildo again, to try to drown out any groans as I knew it would be a tight fit. Geoff stuck his cock between my pussy lips, but instead of pushing forwards, he began to stroke his cock up and down my pussy, rubbing against my clit each time. He quickly lubed up two of his podgy fingers and inserted them into my arse. I groaned again, as his pace got quicker and quicker.
My body was spasming now as I started to lose control, my orgasm ripped through me and I cried out very loudly as my body turned to jelly. I collapsed forward onto the floor on my stomach. I virtually lost all sense of my surroundings, as I felt hands grip my arse cheeks and pull them apart. A few seconds later I felt like I was having a shower as torrent after torrent of sperm flowed across my exposed arsehole and pussy, across my back, and soaked the top of my thighs.
I summoned up enough energy to look over my shoulder to see the last few little spurts erupt from Geoff's cock, landing on my feet. I lay prone on the floor, almost unable to move. I heard someone say they were close to coming again, and another load shot across the back of my hair and my shoulders.
They all left me lying there for a few minutes, I could hear cameras going off still, getting their last few shots. I felt hands lifting me, telling me they'd help me upstairs to get ready to go home. I started to protest, then noticed it was Paul, Geoff had phoned him to collect me.
Geoff asked if I wanted to shower there, but Paul told him he'd get me home and let me soak in the bath instead. We went upstairs, and Paul asked me if I was alright as I wasn't speaking? I started sobbing again.
"I'm really sorry Paul, I asked Geoff to fuck me to make me come."
"But he didn't fuck you did he, so there's no problem is there?"
Paul leaned into me and hugged me. I could feel his erection through his jeans.
"Let's get you home then, I can't wait to see these photo's and videos when they're ready."