So there Carter was lying on his sun bed by the pool. A few feet away the waves lapped gently at the white sand beach. Overhead the palm trees swayed in the breeze against a perfectly blue sky. The island was as close to paradise as he thought it possible to get.
All the stresses and strains of his work life eased out of his pores as he lay there, thinking about not very much at all. And then suddenly this absolutely stunning woman came along the path and walked up to the bar. All eyes were focused on the statuesque blonde as she threw back her mane and removed her sunglasses.
Her low cut swimsuit just about managed to contain her firm, full rack. Around her hips she had on a piece of the flimsy cloth that seemed to both hide and reveal her long, long legs at the same time. When she bent over the bar to order her drink he caught sight of her firm round ass and for an idle moment fantasized about screwing her doggy style. Carter took one last look before turning back to his book. This holiday was about letting go of stress; sex would only complicate matters.
'Interesting book?' he heard a melodious voice ask a few minutes later.
He looked up to see the blonde honey standing over him.
'Yes, not too bad.' he replied.
Suddenly she plucked the book from his hands and set it down as she straddled his hips. His eyes widened in surprise as adrenaline pumped through his body. What was she up to? She flashed him a smile as she ground her crotch against his and soon his cock began to respond through the thin material of his swim suit. His face and chest were flushed as he nervously glanced around him. What would people think, he wondered. Never in his wildest dreams could he imagine such a thing happening to him.
She took hold of his hands and pressed his arms behind his head as she continued grinding her mound against him. By now he was fully hard and his cock head had popped out past the waist band of his swim suit. He could not believe what was happening to him, being masturbated by a stranger in public. Carter could hardly breathe, the danger and excitement of the situation were creating conflicting emotions in him. His cock, on the other hand, knew no such worries. It felt wonderful trapped between her and his body.
And then she fished his throbbing eight inch tool out of his swim suit and slipped it up the side of her swimsuit and into her warm cunt. An involuntary growl escaped Carter's lips as his hungry cock was engulfed by her moist fuck flesh. He hoped that the cloth she had wrapped around her hips prevented anyone from seeing what they were doing, but somehow he doubted it. Anyhow, you didn't have to be a rocket scientist to work it out.
She pinned his arms back against his head and leant in close, whispering obscenities in his ear while she ground her skilled pussy up and down his pole. His brain shut down as the warmth and wetness of her pussy caressed his rod. He thrust up into her as discreetly as he could.
'Is it good?' she whispered in his ear.
'The best.' he replied. And he really meant it.
The trouble with sex this good it just couldn't last. Each stroke threatened to be his last. How much he longed to grab hold of her and really thrust up into her silken depths but he couldn't. Not in public like this. Already he was aware of a small crowd watching them, and he couldn't take a chance on drawing any more attention.
He looked up at the mystery blonde but she seemed a million miles away as she rhythmically milked his cock. It was as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to fuck a stranger in public while both were still half dressed.
And then she looked down and said: 'I'll be getting off you in one minute's time. If you want to come you had better hurry it along.'
Carter thrust up into her, desperate to get his rocks off. His instincts took over now and he didn't care who saw what. She increased the tempo of her grinding to meet his thrusting and soon he passed the point of no return. He stifled the cry in his throat and fought for breath as his cock exploded inside her, blasting off six or seven ropes of scalding ball juice.
And then, just like that, she got off of him, giving everyone a quick flash of Carter's hard, pussy juice coated cock. He quickly stuffed it back in his swim suit and turned onto his belly. He didn't need to look back to know that she had gone.
Who she was he would never know, but the memory of the mystery blonde would live with him until he went to his grave.
END
Copyright 2003 Daniel Blue