Tami looked out the airplane window, watching as they taxied to the end of the runway on a beautiful sunny morning. It seemed like a fitting start to the next stage of her life.
A couple of months ago, uprooting her everything in New England and settling in a nudist resort in Florida would have seemed unthinkable. Then her oldest friend, Lisa contacted her with an offer to join in the very unusual business venture, and she barely hesitated before agreeing.
Within a month, she sold most of her possessions, and put her condominium on the market. She discarded most of her clothes, and spent as much time naked as she could manage. The liberating feeling of being naked, and exposing her body to others was exhilarating.
The plane stopped, and the captain spoke on the intercom, instructing the crews to secure for takeoff. The engine noise grew louder, and with a roar, the plane took off down the runway, completing her departure from her old life.
She looked to her left and smiled at the older woman sitting next to her in the aisle seat. Tami looked thoughtfully at the attractive woman, older, but with that timeless quality one couldn't quite put an age on. She had long dark hair with lighter brown highlights accentuating the natural waves. It was loose, and pulled over one shoulder, covering a small, shapely breast. The woman's dark eyes crinkled up at the corner at Tami's appraisal, with a kind but mischievous look that also showed off the dimples at the corners of her mouth. She smiled as she looked back at the young blonde woman.
"Heading off on vacation?" She asked, returning the frank look. She took in Tami's tanned figure, on which her tiny outfit was struggling in vain to conceal soft curves.
"Oh no, I'm moving down to Florida." She responded with an enthusiastic smile.
"Good for you! Where to?"
"A place called Palm Ridge. How about you?"
"I've lived there for most of my life. I'm just heading home."
"Well that explains your beautiful tan! Where is home?"
"Coral Point."
"Oh, isn't that the place that was in the news last year?"
"Yep. We're famous now."
"So, no tan lines at all?" Tami said with a small grin.
The woman laughed and shook her head. "Not a one."
"I love it! My name is Tami." She held out her hand.
"Lilly." The woman replied and lightly returned the handshake.
"That's actually an amazing coincidence. I'm heading down to join a friend's new business. We're opening a naturist resort."
"Really? Yes, a small world for sure! Are you looking forward to it?"
"Yes, but it's an entirely new experience for me, really. What's it like doing it all the time?"
Lilly laughed again. She leaned in conspiratorially and said "this is the longest I've worn clothes in a few years."
Tami took a closer look at Lilly, noticing the dark, patterned sun dress was short enough to lay high above her knees as she sat in the cramped seat. The generous sized armholes betrayed a lack of a bra, showing a substantial amount of evenly tanned skin.
Her own outfit barely covered her curvy figure. A thin blue hoodie hid some of the skin, but didn't mask the size of her bust. The frayed denim skirt was almost a formality, it was so short. She wasn't very tall, maybe 5'5, which made her round breasts seem even larger. Once she accepted the offer to come down and join the business, she began visiting a tanning salon, so instead of her usual fair complexion, she now boasted beautifully golden skin. The sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of her nose added some charm to the beauty of her friendly, smiling face. Her long, nearly platinum blonde hair made one think of a cheerleader, albeit one who didn't wear much.
Lilly looked down at Tami's lap with a meaningful glance. The extremely short denim skirt rode up to the point where it was quite clear she wasn't wearing any panties. The hairless, tanned cleft of her sex peeked out invitingly from the frayed hem of her skirt. Tami smiled back at her with a look that implied 'what can you do?'
When the plane reached cruising altitude, a stewardess took their drink requests, and the two new friends talked about the big changes coming to Tami's life.
"After a while, it just feels natural. I mean, the thrill never really goes away, at least not for me, but it stops being surprising when you see someone walking by naked."
"I don't have a lot of experience with it, but I haven't worn anything at home since I made the decision. Even better, I even convinced my realtor to do the same!"
"Really? That's great! How did she react?"
"Very positively." Tami explained how her realtor, Tricia, caught Tami getting dressed, and on a separate visit to photograph the condo, removed her own clothes, leaving behind her underwear on a crazy whim.
"When I showed them to her, she thought she was going to get fired. She found out pretty quickly that I just thought it was a great excuse to stop the pretense. After that, all our meetings were in my preferred 'dress code,' or rather 'undress code.'"
The stewardess came by and took their empty cups. Soon Tami decided to go the the bathroom. She asked Lilly to let her out, and she carefully held her skirt up as she moved into the aisle. Still being careful, she opened the overhead luggage bin and retrieved her backpack.
"Be right back."
Lilly smiled and nodded.
Tami headed down the aisle, enjoying the precarious feeling of her loose skirt. She found it exciting to think that any of the passengers looking up could see how little she was wearing. In fact, there were several passengers awake enough to appreciate her appearance as she walked towards them. At the back of the plane, she waited until a lavatory became vacant, went in, and locked the door behind her.
She unzipped the light blue hoodie hiding her beautiful round breasts. The thin white top underneath stopped at her ribs and the spaghetti straps showed a lot of cleavage. In effect, the fabric barely contained her boobs, and it was thin enough to leave no doubt of her braless state. Combined with the short skirt, a large expanse of her flat stomach, down to her hip bones showed. A gold ring with a dangling jewel pierced her navel. With a grin, she pulled the top off and with a twist of her hips, she felt the loosely fastened skirt fall to her ankles.
She took out the small gift box from Tricia and Jeff, and quickly unwrapped the small steel butt plug. She admired the large bright blue fake jewel, and set it aside to open the small tube of lubricant. She put a dab on her index finger, and leaning over the sink, she inserted it into her waiting sphincter. She watched herself in the mirror as she worked the finger in, then withdrew it, and gently, but firmly inserted both her index and middle finger. She felt the muscle relax as the two fingers went in to the second knuckle. Satisfied, and more than a little aroused, she picked up the lubricant and added a generous amount to the steel bulb of the princess plug and spread it around with her fingers. Leaning over again, she applied firm pressure, doing her best to relax the muscle preventing her from inserting the metal object.
Soon, it worked its way past the sphincter, and pulled itself deeper, until the blue jewel held it in. She worked her slick fingers along her slit, inserting her index and middle finger, while using the thumb to work her clitoris. In a short time, she had to suppress a loud moan as she had an explosive orgasm.
She used a paper towel to clean her hand, and to wipe the excess lubricant from around the jewel filling her asshole. She used the toilet, cleaned herself up, and took out her phone, taking several pictures of her current appearance to share with Tricia later.
Reluctantly, she pulled up her skirt, and pulled on the skimpy tank top. She folded up the hoodie, and stuffed it into her backpack.
When she got to her row, she stowed her backpack again. Lilly was leaning back in her seat with her eyes closed. Tami leaned over and tapped her on the shoulder to get her attention. Lilly smiled when she opened her eyes to a generous view down the front of Tami's tank top.
"I see you decided to get comfortable." She murmured. She leaned forward herself as she began to stand up, treating Tami to a reciprocal view of her much smaller, but well formed breasts. Tami was intrigued to note the bright pink plastic barbells piercing her small, rock hard dark nipples.
Lilly got out of the way, and Tami moved past her and sat down again, making no effort to pull down her very short skirt. Lilly moved the loose sundress out of the way as she sat down, showing her tanned, bare hips as her uncovered buttocks met the seat. She rearranged the skirt to leave most, but not all of her sex exposed, and gave Tami an innocent smile.
Tami looked down at Lilly's crotch. She noticed another bright piece of plastic peaking out from her hairless slit. Lilly took note of her attention and said "those are so I don't set off the metal detectors going through the airport."
"Oh, I wondered about that. They really show up against your tan."
They went back to their conversation, talking about life in Coral Point. Lilly told how she and her husband's positions on the town council helped to get the referendum passed.
"It really wasn't hard, there were a lot of nudists in town to start with. They all rallied round and did most of the work convincing others to vote for it. It's been a huge benefit, especially to keeping the town afloat."
Tami was deeply curious about the aspect of living as permanently nude as possible. The clothes free community made it possible for someone to never get dressed, unless they wanted to go outside of town.
"As I said, I haven't worn clothes in ages. If a college friend hadn't invited me to her daughter's wedding, I wouldn't have been on this trip. I'll bet she would be shocked at how lightly I packed! Having met you, I'm really happy I came."
"Thanks Lilly, it's been really nice meeting you also."
"My husband Frank is going to be so mad he decided to pass on the trip! He never likes to miss a chance to admire a beautiful woman."
Soon they were descending, and preparing to land. When they were on the ground, Lilly and Tami exchanged contact information.
The plane arrived at the gate, and people started moving about, getting out of their seats. Lilly stepped out of her seat, and waved Tami to move out in front of her. She got up, opened the overhead bin, passing Lilly's bag to her, and taking her own. She was so focused on that, that she forgot to secure her skirt, and felt is slip over her hips, falling to the floor. She moved quickly to drop down and grab the sides, giving both Lilly and any other observant passenger a full view of her bare ass, and the bright jewel peaking out between her cheeks.
"Oh you are a fun young woman... Frank is going to be REALLY disappointed."
Tami smiled as she dropped her backpack on the empty seat, and squatted down to pick up her skirt. She could hardly complain, since she removed her belt before getting on the aircraft just to create the potential for a situation like this. She felt a rush of excitement, and took her time covering herself back up.
Skirt held back in place, she moved with the other passengers to the exit. She got to the door, thanking the crew, and she felt the wave of moist heat coming from the terminal connection. She walked up the ramp, talking with Lilly, and they both walked into the gate. They followed the signs and soon found themselves at baggage claim.
Tami felt her excitement grow, knowing she would be seeing Lisa shortly. She stood with Lilly, impatiently watching suitcases go around the carousel and making small talk. After a few minutes, Lilly said "that's mine."
Lilly walked over to the carousel and bent over to retrieve a small suitcase. Tami couldn't help but admire her tanned, muscular legs, and how the back of the dress rode up, exposing the bottom of her buttocks. Lilly lifted the bag, set it on the floor, and extended the carry handle. She returned to Tami, a smile on her face.
"It was such a pleasure to meet you Tami, let's talk again soon!"
"Same here, thanks for making a dull flight more interesting. It was great to make a new friend."
She reached out, extending her arms for a hug. Lilly stepped in, and returned it.
"Please let me know how things work out! I've got to go though, I still have a long drive."
"Drive safely!"
Tami watched her walk away, and then turned back to look for her luggage. Eventually, it came by, and she hurried over and retrieved it. She strapped her backpack to the top, and began rolling the suitcase toward the Arrivals area, where she anxiously looked for her friend.
************************
Lisa stood near the front of the fence blocking the area for arriving passengers. She looked intently at the passengers coming through, hoping to spot Tami.
She was still a little amazed that Tami had agreed to this. Perhaps that was unfair though. Tami had always been a little wild, getting both of them into interesting predicaments growing up.
She spotted Tami walking purposefully to the meeting area, and smiled at her friend's outfit. She couldn't help but admire her swaying breasts, barely contained by the loose top.
Yep, still wild!She thought.I'll have to step it up.
************************
Tami looked around, eventually seeing her childhood friend. Lisa had changed quite a bit since they last saw each other in person. Her long, straight brown hair fell over her shoulders, framing a pretty oval face with a straight nose, full lips, and dark eyes. Her skin was an even tan, easily spotted from the backless halter dress in a muted salmon color. It was quite loose, and short enough to show a substantial amount of leg. When Lisa raised her arm and gave her an enthusiastic wave, the edge of the dress lifted high enough to nearly expose the rest of her to the crowded airport terminal.
Tami hurried over, and gave her friend a fierce hug, feeling the warmth of Lisa's bare back on her arms.
"I'm so happy you made it!" Lisa said, giving Tami a kiss on the cheek.
Tami stepped back to get a good look at her friend. The tiny dress left all of Lisa's back, and a substantial amount of her torso exposed. Lisa struck a couple of poses, twisting at the waist.
"You look amazing!" Tami said.
"Thanks! You're looking pretty hot yourself!"
Tami took the handle to her suitcase and followed Lisa through the arrival terminal. They talked about the trip, and eventually arrived at the parking garage. Lisa paid the ticket, and they took the elevator up to the fifth floor. When the door opened, the early afternoon heat washed over them. They stepped out into a mostly empty floor, with no other people in site.
Lisa turned to Tami and grinned. "Hot enough?"
"Yeah, this is a little steamy."
Lisa glanced around, noting that there weren't any obvious security cameras. She turned back and said, "want to get more comfortable?"
"What do you mean?"
Lisa reached up and untied the strings holding her dress up, lowered it down, stepped out of it, and stood naked except a pair of sandals. "That."
Tami was a little awestruck at her friend's action. Growing up, she was always the more adventurous one. Things really HAD changed, and in her mind, for the better.
She admired Lisa's taut figure. She was about 5'8, with an athletic, but not muscular figure. Her round breasts were capped with brown nipples pierced with gold rings. She had a matching ring in her navel, and Tami could make out a gold barbell with a fairly large end peeking out of her clitoral hood. Her skin was perfectly tanned, and there wasn't a single hair on her body.
"Huh. Good plan."
Tami opened the top of her backpack. She lifted the thin white top over her head, folded it, and stuffed it inside. A couple of seconds later, her tiny skirt followed. She did a quick twirl, giving Lisa the full effect, including the blue jewel peeking out from between her buttocks.
"Tami, you're gorgeous! I love the accessory, too!"
"It was a gift from some friends. Kind of a going away present."
"I think I like them already."
"Yeah, you would love Tricia. I've barely met Jeff."
"Quick, let's get a picture for Carol."
They posed together, and took a couple of selfies to send off.
"You know, we should probably get going before someone comes and sees us."
"Yeah, probably, but believe it or not, this isn't illegal. It might be awkward, but that's about it."
Lisa handed her the discarded dress. "Can you throw that in there too?"
"Sure."
Tami added the dress and closed the backpack. At the very least, they wouldn't be able to quickly cover themselves, even if they wanted to.
Lisa led her to the other end of the garage floor. They approached a small SUV and she took a key fob out of her small purse, unlocking it, and automatically opening the back.
In a moment, the two had stowed Tami's luggage, and were on their way.
***************************
They drove down the highway, and while Tami instinctually felt a little self-conscious about her nudity, she realized that the lightly tinted windows kept anyone from really noticing, even if they looked.
She was still excited by the idea, and it was a new enough experience, that she found her fingers gravitating towards her hairless slit.
"I love those piercings, by the way. I do have to say they're not the first ones I've seen today though."
"Thanks. I love them. Not the first though? How did that happen?"
"My fellow passenger was showing quite a bit of skin too. She had the cutest little pink plastic barbells and a distinct absence of underwear."
"Plastic?"
"She said it was to keep from setting off the metal detectors. Made sense to me."
"Interesting."
"She lives in Coral Point. We really hit it off when I told her what I was coming down here for."
"What a small world."
An hour later, Lisa exited the highway, and drove along a road on a ridge above a beautiful white beach.
"Almost there."
Ten minutes later, she pulled into a driveway, and stopped the car in front of a small modern house.
"It's not big, but it's perfect as far as I'm concerned."
The front door opened and a beautiful dark haired woman stepped out, naked as they were. Tami looked in awe at the tall beauty, with a slender figure, heavy breasts and smooth skin.
Lisa opened the door and came around and kissed her on her full lips. She turned to Tami, waving her over to meet her lover.
Tami got out of the car, and walked to the couple, smiling and holding out her hand. "It's so nice to finally meet you in person, Carol!"
Carol ignored the hand, and gave her a hug. Tami felt even more excitement at the full skin contact with her friend's lover.
Carol broke the embrace, and said "I see you two didn't waste any time!"
Lisa opened the rear hatch, and pulled out Tami's luggage. "How can this be so big? It's not like you need a lot of clothes!"
That suitcase contains all my worldly possessions. There's not a lot of actual clothes in there though."
They led Tami into the house and Lisa brought her luggage to the second bedroom. It was large and airy, with the entire seaward wall in glass, with a sliding door leading out onto a generous deck. There was a queen sized bed, a desk and a dresser, as well as an enormous closet in a mirrored wall.
"This is unreal! No wonder you moved here!"
"I had a good real estate agent." Lisa said, winking at Carol. "Come on, you can unpack later! Do need anything? The bathroom? A drink?"
"Sure. Both."
She led Tami to the only bathroom, containing a bathtub, and a very large walk in shower.
"That's enormous."
"Yep, it comfortably holds at least four." Lisa said, grinning. "I'll give you some privacy."
Tami gratefully closed the door, and carefully removed the butt plug. It had been in so long she'd nearly forgotten, but after some hours, it was enough. She used the toilet, cleaned up, and went back to her bedroom for a moment to leave behind the toy.
She walked out out to the main room, where the kitchen took up one side, with a bar counter between that and the dining area. The generous sized living room contained a large L-shaped couch, where Carol was lounging. Lisa was setting out a cold glass of water for her on the kitchen counter.
"That's perfect, thanks." Tami said, taking a long drink from the glass.
They walked out onto the deck, and went to the railing. Tami looked down the slope, remembering Lisa's picture from many months ago, facing up the hill. There were people walking by, and they were close enough for her to see the naked beachgoers.
"I invited Sylvia and Greg over to meet you at dinner, but we have plenty of time if you want to go down and check out the beach."
Tami had a moment's trepidation, until it occurred to her how many people, including many who knew her personally, had already seen her naked.
"Sure. Sounds fun."
They kicked off their shoes, and Lisa knocked on the window. "Do you want to take a walk with us?
"Sure. Be right there." Carol joined them and locked the sliding door behind her. "Did Lisa tell you how we got together?"
"I heard. If I didn't know better, I would bet she locked herself out to vamp on you."
"No!" Lisa protested. "I was so caught up in the whole thing, I forgot the key. I didn't vamp on you until you came for dinner."
"At least with the keypad, you can't forget any more."
"True, but think of how much fun we're missing out on."
"Speak for yourself. Although I'm sure Greg would be quite happy to rescue us."
They reached the bottom of the stairs, and walked out onto the white sand. They picked a direction, and walked along water's edge in the warm sea breeze.
Tami stopped suddenly, a thought striking her. Lisa and Carol turned to her curiously.
"I just realized something. This is the farthest I've ever been from clothing in my entire life."
"How does it feel?" Carol asked, an enigmatic smile on her face.
"Amazing. This is wonderful. Thanks for including me."
"We're really happy to have you here. Besides, we're going to put you to work, don't worry!" Lisa said.
They continued walking for a while longer, and finally turned around to head back home.
*************************
A little while later, all three women were sitting around the couch in the living room, when they heard a knock on the front door, and a naked couple walked in carrying several grocery bags. A scruffy terrier barked happily, and trotted past them to the waiting girls.
"I see Baxter is making a grand entrance to meet the new chick!" A pretty tanned woman, short, with large breasts topped with pierced nipples exclaimed.
Tami took in her curly shoulder length hair, dyed in a very bright ruby red. There was a ring through one of her nostrils, and she had an abstract designed tattooed between her generous breasts, and another on her hairless mound.
The tall man had a lean, muscled torso, a great tan, and a friendly, handsome face with short blond hair. She had to tear her eyes away from his pleasantly sized, circumcised penis, which looked larger due to the complete lack of body hair.
They set the bags down on the kitchen counter, and strode into the the living room.
"You must be Tami. I'm Greg, and this vision is my beautiful wife Sylvia!"
"Flatterer." Sylvia said with a smile. "Maybe you'll get lucky later." She glanced at him meaningfully, and walked over to Tami, her arms open for a hug.
"So nice to finally meet you all in person!" Tami said, stepping into receive a hug from both Sylvia and then Greg.
"I hope you like sushi." Greg said.
"Absolutely!"
Tami gave the dog some attention, while the four women chatted. Greg went around into the kitchen, and began laying out items for dinner.
"Baxter is responsible for us meeting Lisa and Carol. My husband trained him well when he was a bachelor. He seems to have a talent for finding pretty girls."
"Come to the counter everyone, I'm starting to get stuff ready."
They moved to the seats at the counter, and Lisa went around to the refrigerator, bringing out bottles of beer for everyone. Not long after, Greg began plating sushi rolls, and they quieted down to eat dinner.
Afterwards, the five friends sat around on deck chairs, enjoying the afterglow of a nice meal, while the sun was setting.
"Tomorrow, we'll meet at the resort. That's when the real work will begin, Tami." Lisa said. "I think you'll be amazed by what's already been accomplished."
******************************
Tami excused herself for bed shortly after Greg and Sylvia left. The long day of travel, combined with the overload of new experiences left her fighting to stay awake. She took a quick shower, brushed her teeth, and headed to bed. The distant sound of the surf through the open patio door soon lulled her off to sleep.
Some time later, she started awake, momentarily disoriented by the unfamiliar surroundings. She could see dim light spilling across the deck. She got up from the bed, and walked out the glass door and over to the deck rail. There was just enough light from up the coast to provide faint illumination to the beach below.
The faint sound of moaning caught her attention, and she turned, looking into Lisa and Carol's bedroom. The light from the bedside lamp was playing across the couple's naked skin, and Tami stood mesmerized, watching Carol's long hair fall across Lisa's sex. Lisa was pinching a nipple with one hand, her back arching in pleasure as her other hand caressed the head nestled between her legs. She gasped several times, and pressed Carol's mouth tighter to her sex.
A second later, Carol lifted her eyes to her lover's face, a big grin on her face. She crawled up along side her and kissed her neck, while softly stroking her naked body.
The couple looked up, sated, and smiled at their voyeur standing outside, working her own clitoris.
Tami opened her eyes to see that the couple noticed her. She gave them a sheepish grin, a feeble wave, and went back to her room, pulling out her going away gifts to finish what she'd started. Once she was satisfied, she sent Tricia a text and drifted off to a dreamless slumber.