Lydia, home for the summer before university, sprawled languidly across a recliner in her parents' Surrey garden. A paperback copy of Daisy Buchanan's "Insatiable" lay face down on the grass beside her.
Eighteen years old, coltishly pretty with legs a mile long, she wore high cut navy bikini bottoms, and nothing else, the top long since discarded to encourage the most even possible tan. Her pert breasts stood high and proud despite her prone position.
She had gathered her chestnut hair into a messy bun, and her oversized sunglasses covered much of her tanned face.
Her boyfriend Josh lay beside her, wearing a pair of swim shorts. Josh was broad shouldered and tall, with a mop of raffish blonde hair and a body that spoke of early morning rugby training and no little vanity. His chest sported an impressive display of chest hair with a long dark trail pointing the way down to his waist.
At this particular moment in time, Lydia was idly playing with said trail.
"This is nice. I'd like Tuscany more, but this is nice."
"It's particularly nice that your Dad's away."
"Oh don't be mean, Josh. Daddy doesn't hate you as much as you think!"
"I mean, he definitely does. There was that one time he said I had the height for the England second row. But that's as close as he's ever come to being nice to me."
"That's just him. Anyway, Mum likes you. Or she fancies you, which comes to the same thing!"
"Ha ha ha. So funny, you are". Josh leant over and kissed Lydia on the top of her head.
"So sunburnt you are- look how red you're getting". Lydia gently poked Josh's flat stomach just above the line of his shorts.
In return Josh ran a finger across Lydia's bare little breast, enjoying the slightly oily feeling of well-applied suncream. "Some of us didn't spent as much time rubbing lotion on ourself as others."
"I offered to oil you up, but you were very macho about it all."
Josh ran his finger back around Lydia's breast. She giggled. "Are you up to no good?"
"Me? Never."
Lydia looked down, and saw the unmistakable sight of Josh's shorts beginning to form a tent at the front. "Again? I thought I'd worn you out this morning!".
"It's an entirely natural reaction to seeing a pretty girl's tits, as you well know."
Lydia giggled. "What's the entirely natural reaction to a pretty girl giving you a handjob?"
And she slipped her hand down his stomach, under the waistband of his shorts, and through the wiry thatch of hair above his manhood.
"I'm not sure this is the best place, babe."
The garden was sheltered on two sides by high hedges, with a less well-kept fence right at the far end leading to a shallow stream and public footpath. Josh and Lydia's bower towards the bottom of the garden was reasonably sheltered from public view, but overlooked by the kitchen window of the sprawling old farmhouse that Lydia called home.
"Seems pretty good to me," replied Lydia, as her hand grasped Josh's thickening cock. "Now help me out here and get those shorts off".
Without any further protest, Josh lifted his bum enough to wriggle the shorts to his knees.
His freed cock sprang upright, guided by Lydia's slender fingers. She squeezed it firmly as he felt it swell further, the head already a furious purple colour.
Lydia lowered her head, kissed Josh's muscled stomach, then with slow but insistent motions began to masturbate his aching prick.
***
Lydia's mother, Caroline, looked out of the kitchen window, as she absently dried a coffee mug with a worn old tea towel.
Seeing her young daughter sunbathing with her beau took her back to her own summer days- flirting with Italian and French men as she travelled around Europe, giggling barefooted at summer parties, and artlessly sunbathing topless with just the right amount of faux-continental sophistication.
Caroline was nearly fifty, her ash blonde hair still expensively cut and coloured to best set off her fine-boned features. Regular sessions with a personal trainer kept her in reasonable trim, though she was on the verge of losing an ongoing dispute as to the health benefits of expensive chardonnay.
Nevertheless it was clear where pretty Lydia got her looks from- Caroline was every bit the trophy wife. Lydia was their only child - her husband Matthew had only wanted one- and his career in the City had meant that they had been able to spoil her rotten over the years.
Caroline watched Josh and Lydia talking, sprawled on the recliners. She couldn't hear what they were talking about, but Lydia was clearly amused as she insistently explained *something* to Josh.
Caroline pursed her lips disapprovingly as she saw Josh's hand on Lydia's breast. She frowned even more as her daughter's hand disappeared into Josh's shorts. Heavy petting was one thing, but this was practically *sex*, in the open air and in plain sight.
Caroline was no prude, and she was realistic enough about the fact that eighteen-year-old Lydia had been enthusiastically sexual active for some time. She took a liberal approach to hosting boyfriends, on the grounds that Lydia was an adult woman, capable of making her own choices (and frankly a couple of them had been terrible choices).
But that didn't mean they had to rub it in her face, metaphorically speaking.
Putting the tea towel down, she readied herself to march to the back door of the kitchen, and loudly open it to announce her presence. But as she glanced back out the window, something halted her progress.
Josh's shorts were down around his thick thighs, and his large cock was standing stiff and proud in the air, with Lydia's hand firmly wrapped around it. She was pumping it up and down with slow languid strokes. Josh's eyes were closed in pleasure, and his hands gripped the edge of his recliner.
For what seemed like an eternity Caroline stared out the window.
She felt a warm unmistakable ache between her legs, and before she even knew what she was doing Caroline pressed herself against the kitchen counter.
As she watched Lydia jerk Josh off faster she unconsciously mimicked her daughter's pace, her denim clad hips inscribing circles against the wood cupboard.
And with the energy and enthusiasm of a young man, it wasn't long before Josh reached his climax. As Lydia's hand slid up and down she saw him jerk thrust his hips upwards, before what looked like an endless stream of come shot out of his dick. The angle and the tension sprayed Josh's seed across his own chest, with a great deal also coating his eighteen-year-old girlfriend's hand and wrist.
Caroline, not caring by this point, unzipped her jeans, and tugged them down over her fleshy arse. She pressed a hand against her pussy through her soaked white knickers, and began to rub herself vigorously. Her left hand clutched at the kitchen counter for support.
Suddenly, there was a loud crash, as the cup she had just dried slipped off the draining rack and shattered on the slate kitchen floor.
Caroline jumped, startled.
She had a moment of clarity as she realised what she was doing- masturbating in the kitchen in broad daylight as her teenage daughter got hot and heavy in the garden.
Bright red in the face, she pulled up her jeans and re-buttoned them. The exquisite torment of remaining unsatisfied would have to last a little longer, Caroline thought, as she went in search of a dustpan and brush.
Just then the back door opened, and Josh, his shorts back where they should be, stuck his head around the door. "Everything alright? I heard a bit of noise?"
"Yes thank you, Josh, just me being clumsy. Silly old me."
Josh smiled politely and left.
***
"I thought your Mum had seen us!" he said anxiously to Lydia, as he sat back down next to his topless girlfriend. "She looked a little embarrassed to see me."
Lydia had spent the intervening minutes wiping his thick white spunk off her hand with her bikini- it had already dealt with the far larger amount that had sprayed across Josh's chest.
"Can't have seen much- you lasted like, a minute?!" she giggled. "I didn't even have a chance to get my bottoms off!"
"As if you were going to shag me out here anyway!"
Lydia smirked again. "You're just giving me ideas, again. Now go get me a towel, you've ruined my bikini, Mr."
***
Sex was sex and lust was lust, but the viscerally erotic reaction Caroline had undergone watching her gorgeous eighteen-year-old daughter masturbate her boyfriend was something new.
Caroline felt a little queasy at how turned on watching the young lovers had made her.
Josh was handsome, and Lydia stunning, that couldn't be denied. And the sight of his arching his back and firing rope after rope of come across his own chest was also undeniably pretty premium-grade smut.
But what troubled Caroline was that the image that lingered wasn't the strapping young rugby player's orgasm, his well-muscled chest, or blunt good looks. It was the sight of her own daughter's round little boobs jiggling as she vigorously wanked off her boyfriend in the garden.
***
That evening, Josh and Lydia had pled mild sunstroke and exhaustion as an excuse to head up to bed early, leaving Caroline alone downstairs with a book.
She was still on edge after her afternoon's exploits, but had yet to scratch the itch it had left.
"Maybe a bath?", Caroline thought to herself, an opportunity to relax after a long day and attend to herself properly, behind a locked door.
As she climbed the stairs, Caroline heard a creaking noise. Repetitive, like a badly oiled gate being caught by a stiff breeze. And then, intermittently, what sounded like muffled moans.
Caroline gingerly put one eye to the crack between the door and the frame- what she saw almost made her gasp in shock.
Her poised, elegant, beautiful, eighteen-year-old daughter, being fucked like a cheap tart.
Josh and Lydia's enthusiastic sex life had been adventurous from day one, but the combination of internet porn (him) and badly written erotica (her), had led them down a rougher path of exploration, which suited both of them fine. The contrast between Josh's muscular physique and Lydia's slender frame allowed, as he put it himself, "to chuck her about a bit".
Despite her direct approach to love and sex, Lydia was certainly willing to play the submissive in bed.
Which goes some way to explaining why "innocent" young Lydia was currently on all fours on the bed being pounded by Josh, who was using her dark green bra to choke her from behind. He had a handful of the green lace bunched in his fist, pulling the rest of the strap tight around Lydia's throat.
For some reason Josh had Lydia's discarded green knickers hanging around his neck.
Her face was a dark shade of crimson, and Caroline could see her daughter was clearly exerting herself as her face and hair were drenched in sweat. Her hands gripped double handfuls of the dishevelled bedsheets, as Josh drove into her again and again.
Lydia moaned sharply as Josh aimed a hard slap to her skinny bottom, followed by a second, then a third, leaving an angry red handprint on her tanned bum.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck" she gasped, muted but not silenced by the door.
Josh pumped away, his girlfriend's tight young pussy gripping his cock. He had already had to stop twice to avoid coming early.
Caroline pressed a hand against herself through her jeans. She felt the familiar sensation of her knickers dampening.
"Oh fuck Josh, now, do it now!" gasped Lydia.
And Josh, emboldened by his pretty young girlfriend's demands, pulled back hard on the bra that was tied around her neck. Lydia arched her back, almost breathless and squeaked out a stifled groan. Josh thrust his hips forward, once, twice, three, a dozen times as he drove towards orgasm.
Pulled back as she was her small, round boobs bounced and jiggled high on her chest, the little nipples describing geometric shapes in the air.
"Come in me, come in me, fuck, please come in me", the posh eighteen-year-old demanded.
Caroline watched, rapt, unable to look away. She was desperate to touch herself but didn't want to make a sound.
And it was at that moment, Lydia's eyes sprang open, and looked straight at her mother through the crack of the door. Caroline's eyes widened in shock and for what felt like an eternity she stared into her daughter's eyes as her boyfriend pounded her skinny, contorted frame. Lydia's face, bright red and glistening, displayed shock along with evident arousal from the rigorous fucking she was receiving.
As Caroline stood fixed to the spot, a hand still pressing against her needy sex, she saw Lydia's expression change.
Then, with a deep growl Josh came, his cock pumping thick load after thick load into his girlfriend's sopping cunt. He released his grip on the bra around her neck and she fell forward onto her stomach on the bed. Josh followed suit, still buried deep inside her, as his cock continued to twitch and spurt.
He buried his face into Lydia's neck as he groaned with satisfaction. And almost simultaneously Lydia came as well, with a loud wail, face buried in the sweaty bedsheets.
***
Caroline jumped back, her heart racing. "Oh fuck," she thought. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck," her inner monologue repeated, as she hastened along the hallway to her bedroom.
She had been caught, red-handed, spying on her eighteen-year-old daughter having sex. And not just any sex, downright filthy, improvised rough sex, straight out of an X-rated film.
But the most alarming part she only realised later.
Because just before Lydia had climaxed, and had caught sight of Caroline, she hadn't looked scared, or shocked, or angry or anything of the sort.
She had smiled.