Katherine's Ivy league snooty but sweet ass and I had been involved in several different sexual escapades recently. I convinced her to tit fuck me with the hope, in her mind, of alleviating the perceived infatuation I had with her 38 inch rack. Which she was right, but I wasn't going to admit to it. I implied she had an infatuation with my 9 inches of man meat, which she didn't, but it didn't matter. I fucked her brains out in her office with that one. Then she decided she wanted to turn me into HR. That didn't end well for her. I felt her up in the corporate breakroom - with her nerd husband sitting across the table. Most recently, my team and I gangbanged her in the conference room.
And, with all of that, she was still the same old stuck up Katherine. She was still convinced I was infatuated with her tits. She was right, of course. I was infatuated with her 38-24-36 curves and her tight little cunt and ass. I still maintained that she was infatuated with my cock. The cock that was twice as big as her husband's. I was partially right. She couldn't get the image of it out of her head. But she was good at controlling her carnal urges, too. Years and years of snootiness had refined that.
Today we were on an airplane together on our way to a conference our company was sending us to, along with seven other team leaders from our company. Our company, being the cheap asses that they were, put us on a red eye flight for a trip half way across the country. We would arrive around 3 a.m. and the conference started at 8. Perfect. The 737 was practically deserted. My fellow cohorts, along with a couple other cheap bastards, were the only ones on the plane. We were spread out throughout it.
I've never been one who has been able to sleep on a plane. I looked around the plane and saw one overhead light on. Katherine's. I decided to take the opportunity and see where it led.
I walked down the aisle until I got to her row of seats. She was reading a book. And looking hot as fuck as usual. Most people, when they take a long flight, dress causal. Not Katherine. She was wearing a white silk button down blouse that looked like it was two sizes too small. The buttons looked like they would pop off any second under the strain her 38s were putting them on. Below that she had on a short red suede skirt and red high heels.
"Hey, Katherine! Whatcha reading?"
She took her glasses of and looked up at me. All I could see was the image of her face wrapped around my tool. "Hello, Mr. Alan. The Merchant of Venice. It's Shakespeare. It's a wonderful book. Have you read it?" she said with great disdain.
I shook my head. "Uhhhh, no."
"I thought not."Bitch.
"May I sit down?" I asked as I slid into the middle seat next to her.
Her face wrinkled up as if someone had stuck a turd under her nose. "I suppose I can't stop you. Jenny's sitting here, also, you know."
Jenny was another hottie in the office. She was the ying to Katherine's yang. They were total opposites but spent a great deal of time together. Unlike Katherine's 5' 5" curvy frame, Jenny was tall and athletic. She was closer to 6' tall with 34-24-32 curves. Her long blonde hair curved around a thin, friendly face. She had a smile that would light up a room and a contagious laugh.
"That's fine, I don't mind sitting in the middle seat. Especially between two beautiful women."
Katherine frowned. "Indeed."
"Look, Katherine, I know we've got some issues to work out."
"I'd say that was an understatement."
"Do you feel like my perceived infatuation with your tits has..."
"Mr. Alan! Language, please."
"Oh, right! Yeah. Sorry. My infatuation with your, uh, breasts...do you feel like that has improved?"
She thought for a moment. "At times, yes."Ha! I still stared at her tits just as much as before! I was just more discreet about it."However, there's a vast amount of improvement that needs to be made before I can say the issue has been resolved."
"Right, exactly. I feel the same way about your infatuation with my cock."
Her mouth flew open with a loud gasp. "Mr. Alan! Language! And I most certainly do not have an infatuation with your...your...your penis!" I'm sure she said that way louder than she had intended.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Yeah, well, so you say. I maintain I don't have a infatuation with your, uh, breasts. But here we are. The reason I came back here is to see if you would like to conduct another session?"
"Here?! Now?! On the plane?! Oh, I think not."
"Why not? The plane is practically empty. We've got over three hours to kill. I think it would be a constructive use of our time."
She thought about it. "Yes, that is true. It would be a constructive use of down time. But Jenny will be back soon."
"We'll be discreet." I stood up and opened the bin above me and reached in. "Here. We can cover ourselves with this blanket when she gets back. We'll just tell her we're cold."
"Hmmmmm. Yes, fine. So how do you propose we begin?"
"Well, you said in your psychology classes you learned that when people experience the thing, or things, that they're infatuated with on a regular basis, eventually they become bored with it. Isn't that right?" She nodded her head. "So I think we should begin by exposing those things to each other as we've done before so we can thoroughly experience them."
"You want me to expose my breasts? Right here? On the plane?"
"It's practically empty, Katherine. And everybody's sleeping."
"Fine."Yes!This flight just got way more interesting!She started to unbutton her shirt while I unzipped my pants.
She peeled back her shirt, revealing a lacy white bra. Her gumdrop sized nipples were already hard as a rock. Her eyes went straight to my 9" trouser snake that was pointing straight up. Without even being aware of it, she lightly licked her lips.
"C'mon, Katherine. If we're going to do this right, the bra's got to go. You know how this works."
My words broke her concentration on the pole sticking out of my pants. "Oh! Yes. Of course. My apologies."
She reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. A strap slid down one arm, then the other. Just like that, she pulled the lacy material out of her shirt and stuffed in the space between us. Now it was my turn to lick my lips. Spectacular! Her tits were spectacular! Round and firm and milky white.
"Your tits are fucking amazing, Katherine."
"Mr. Alan! Please! You know how this works as well."
"Right. Yes. Sorry." I paused. "Shall we begin?"
I reached over and cupped a fleshy globe. It was warm and soft. She gasped at the first touch. I gently squeezed it in my hand. At the same time, she timidly wrapped her fingers around the shaft of my rod. Her tiny hands made it seem even larger than it was. She felt the veins pulse with life.He's so much bigger than my husband!She began to slowly move her hand up and down.
I stopped her. "Hang on. Remember what we talked about? About lubrication?"
"Oh! Yes! Of course. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?" she asked with genuine concern.
"No no, you're good."
She leaned over until her face hovered just above my post.Should I shove her head down and ram my cock into her mouth? Nah, better play it safe. For now.She dropped a stream of saliva across the purple tip and rubbed it around with the palm of her hand before she began to stroke me again.
"Is that better?"
"Much better, thank you."
It wasn't long before I couldn't hold back any longer.We don't have a lot of time here.I dove in and dropped my face into her chest, quickly taking an erect nipple into my mouth.
Katherine closed her eyes and gasped. "Oh! Oh God," she sighed. "Please be, mmmmm, gentle. My nipples are, ahhhhh, quite sensitive." Her free hand instinctively came to the back of my head and softly held it in place.
This went on for several minutes, me ravaging her breasts with my hands and mouth while she stroked my meat. Then she heard footsteps. Her hand left my lap while her right hand pushed my face out of her fleshy mounds.
"Quick! She's coming!" She yanked the blanket up to her chin, leaving enough material to barely cover my groin. Even then, there was no hiding the tent I was pitching.
She jumped when I wasted no time and filled my hand with her soft flesh again.
Jenny fell into the aisle seat beside me. "Oh! Hey Mark! Whatcha up to? What's up with the blanket?" Jenny was dressed more appropriately for a long plane flight. A loose white t-shirt covered her torso with a tight pair of faded jeans with strategic rips and tears in them covering her long legs, and sandals.
"Oh. Yes. The blanket. Uh, well, I noticed Mr. Alan had a blanket and I asked him if he wouldn't mind sharing it as we were both chilly. So, yes, here we are, sharing a blanket," Katherine said quite nervously. She clenched her teeth when I pulled her hand back into my lap. She began to stroke me again without protest.
"Yeah. Sure. Okay, if that's your story," Jenny said with a smile.
I gave her a wicked smile back.She's on to us. And I'm totally okay with that.
We carried on chit chat for several minutes. Katherine's stroking had the unintentional effect of pulling what little blanket that covered my groin into her. My groping of Katherine, with some intentional tugging of my own, had the blanket pulling away from her chin, exposing more and more bare skin. Not to mention, Jenny had quickly caught on to the hand movements under the blanket.
"Okay, you two!" Jenny finally said with twinkling eyes and big grin. "What the fuck is going on under that blanket?"No admonishment from Katherine? I guess it's okay if a woman curses. Or Katherine's having a stroke.
Katherine was in panic mode. "Wha...wha...uh, nothing! Nothing's going on! What makes you think something's going on?!" I just smiled.
She knew Katherine too well. "If nothing's going on, pull off the blanket."
"Bu...bu...but I'm cold!"
"Bullshit!" In one smooth motion, Jenny grabbed the blanket and yanked it back.
Katherine yelped and quickly covered her exposed breast. I simply smiled and held the base of my hammer, waiting to see Jenny's reaction.
"HA! I knew it! So what the fuck?!"
Katherine was too mortified to speak. "Katherine thinks I'm infatuated with her tits," I said calmly and with a smile. Katherine was still too mortified to correct me. "And I say she's infatuated with my cock. So her college psychology class says if you experience what you're infatuated with enough, you'll eventually become bored with it."
"Well, who wouldn't be infatuated with your tits, Katherine? Look at you! Fuck! You've got a great rack! I wish I had your rack! And you!" she said looking at me and pointing at my pole. "You! Look at the fucking thing! Jesus Christ! I heard you were packin', but fuck! May I?" she asked as she slowly moved her hand towards my joystick.
"Help yourself," I said with glee.
She wrapped her long, thin fingers around it. "Wow," she whispered in awe. She began to give it long, slow strokes. "I think that's the biggest cock I've ever seen. Un-fucking-believable," she moaned.
"Hey, don't sell yourself on your rack," I told Jenny, nodding at her chest. It had become quite obvious she had gone sans bra today for the comfort of the long flight. "The guys all think you've got a rockin' rack."
"Really?!" She sounded surprised. "Wanna sample 'em?"
"How could I possibly refuse an offer like that?"
Sadly, she released me from her grip. Jenny poked her head out and looked up and down the aisle. The coast was clear. Without any embarrassment at all, she yanked her t-shirt up to her chin, exposing a pair of perky, tan tits. She began to pinch her pointed nipples and maul her own breasts. "Well?"
"Fabulous," I said sincerely.
She turned to me and cupped them. "C'mon, big boy. Show me what that tongue can do." In a flash I had a nipple in my mouth and a firm mound of flesh in my hand. My tongue flicked at her sharp pointers while I squeezed her dense mass. She gave a loud gasp. "Fuck! Mmmmm yeah, fuck yeah," she purred while she pulled me closer. "Oh fuck, I swear, I could cum just from a man sucking my tits," she moaned.
Katherine could only watch. She wasn't sure what to think about all of this.What's this feeling? Am I...is it possible...am I getting aroused watching these two animals?
It wasn't long before Jenny pushed me away. "Whew!" Her face was flushed. "Okay, I interrupted your little session, sorry. Please, carry on." I looked at Katherine and smiled. She reached for my handle, then Jenny said, "Oh! Wait! Hang on for a second." Katherine and I both looked at her quizzically. "When I was holding that bad boy, I noticed it was kind of dry. Let me help you with that," she said with a twinkle in her eye.
Once again, she grabbed my throbbing shaft and leaned over. Her shirt was still up around her neck. I felt her hot breath rush across the tip of my big man. A stream of saliva fell across it and down the shaft, followed by a second stream.Hey! Did she just flick me with her tongue? Oh! Damn, she did it again!
She pulled her head out of my lap. She was wearing an evil grin. "Carry on."
Once again, Katherine wrapped her tiny fingers around my newly lubed pole and started to stroke it. I quickly had my face buried in her chest again. She sighed when I took a nipple in and sucked on it hard.Sensitive nipples, huh?I thought.
Behind my back, Jenny soon had her jeans unbuttoned, her hand in her pants, and was mauling her own tits. "Oh fuck yeah," she quietly moaned.
Katherine jumped when, without warning, I quickly slid my hand inside her short skirt, up her thighs, and into her "V". "Mr. Alan!"
I removed her nipple and grinned up at her. "Why Katherine, you're soaked," I said sarcastically mocking her.
"No...no...no I'm not. It...it...it's warm in here." I slipped my finger past her soaked thong and through her dripping slit. Katherine about came out of her seat. "Oh! Oh my God! Mr. Alan! I...I...oh!"
I took a nipple back into my mouth, sucked deep, and swatted it with my tongue as hard as I could. She whimpered while I poked at her gash with surgical precision.
"He's finger fucking you, isn't he?" Jenny panted while she stabbed herself.
"Y-y-yes," Katherine moaned.
"How many fingers is he using?"
"Wha...wha...onnnnne, I think." Katherine jumped. "Oh!" she yelped.
Jenny chuckled. "He just stuffed a...a...fuck! A second one in, didn't he? Gah!" Jenny jammed a second finger into her own snatch while she watched Katherine continue to stroke me.
Both women squirmed in their seats until Katherine barked, "Oh! Oh God!"
"Wha...wha...mmmmm...what'd he do now?"
"He...he...oh God! He's rub...rub...rubbing my clitoris w-w-w-with his thumb! Oh God!"
"Oh yeah!" Jenny squealed while she mimicked my movements. "Oh fuck yeah! Just like that!"
Katherine's hips started to buck. "Oh God! Oh God! He...he...oh God! He's going to make m-m-m-me reach orgasm!"
Jenny's hips were lifting off the seat. She was pinching her exposed nipples hard. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Mmmmmhmmmm! That's it! Oh gaaaaahhhhhhh!" Jenny pounded at her own snatch while she brought herself to a dramatic orgasm. She moaned and groaned and spoke to her hand as if it was a stud.
"Oh God! Oh God! I...I...oh God! Mmmmmmmmmm!" Katherine's back arched and her eyes closed. It felt like every nerve ending in her body was on fire. Her stroking of my rod ceased and her grip was almost too much. But not enough to keep me from grinning like a fool while I nibbled on her bouncing nipples.
Both women finally settled back into their seats. Katherine grabbed my forearm with both hands and pulled. "Please...oh my God...please stop," she panted.
Her body jerked when I finally pulled my hand out from inside her skirt. It glistened with her juices. I made sure she was looking at me before I stuck them into my mouth and licked them clean with a smile and leaned back into my chair.
Jenny leaned forward. "Awwww, look at you," nodding at my still rigid rod. "You poor thing. Katherine, do you mind if I help him out?"
Katherine wasn't sure what she was talking about but released me from her grip. "Oh, uh, no, I guess not."
I watched Jenny's head lower into my crotch. I sighed when her long fingers wrapped themselves around my meaty muscle. Her tongue flicked at my tip again, then rolled around it. Before I knew it, I was slamming against the back of her mouth while her warm hand cradled my balls.
"Oh fuuuuuuck!" I moaned entirely too loudly.
Katherine watched intently as Jenny's head began to bounce at a steady pace. Occasionally, she would hold her head down, stabbing the back of her mouth until she gagged. With one hand I molested her warm mounds and pinched a still pointed nipple, while the other hand lightly pushed on the back of her head.
Then, suddenly, my head snapped back against the hard airline seat. "Oh! Gaa! Fuck!" Her face landed in my lap and the entirety of my 9 inches disappeared into her face. Now, with each down stroke, she took me into her throat.
Did she just swallow that whole thing?!Katherine thought to herself.I had no idea Jenny was such a slut!Her brain paused.Wait. Am I...am I...am I jealous? Noooo! That's impossible! Why would I be jealous...of a beautiful girl...swallowing the entirety of a massive member...that I have had oral, vaginal, and anal intercourse with? Yes, that's impossible. At least I've had vaginal and anal intercourse with him. Wait! Am I happy about that fact?! No! That can't be! I love my husband very much! But...
It didn't take long for me to shove Jenny's head into my thrusting hips. "That's right! Take it all! I'll fuck your throat like I'd fuck your cunt! Oh yeah!"
"Mmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmm!" Jenny hummed.
"I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna fill your fucking throat with cum! Don't you, grrrrrr, don't you spill a fucking-g-g-g drop! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuuuuuuck!"
Jenny felt my warm, thick spunk shoot down the back of her throat. Each throb sent a fresh supply.
Big cock equals big load! Fuck! There's so much!Jenny thought to herself, doing her best to keep up with the flow. Bubbles of cum and saliva began to burst from her lips.
The pounding in her throat finally ceased. Jenny lifted her head and licked her lips. She noticed the excess jizz running down my shaft and onto my balls. She dove in and licked and sucked at the escaped liquid until I was clean as a whistle. Before she brought her face out of my lap she paused and tenderly kissed my still swollen head twice.
When she finally raised her head from my lap, she looked at Katherine and I with a smile. She slid her finger across her shiny chin and slipped it into her red lips, sucking it dry.
"Well that was fun," she whirred.
"Hell yeah it was," I said looking back at her looking like the cat who had just caught the canary.
"Yes, I found it a pleasurable experience," Katherine said flatly.
Jenny and I looked at each other and snickered. "Katherine, we really need to get you out more," Jenny said in a mocking tone.
We all buttoned up and redressed. Katherine decided to forgo the hassle of putting her boulder holder back on and tucked it into her purse. I raised up out of my seat.
"Well, I think I'm going to go back to my seat and see if I can get some shut eye. It's been fun!" I said jokingly.
Jenny smiled at me. "Oh, I see how it is. Wham, bam, thank you ma'am. Fine. Go on. Get outta here."
"Ha! Yup, that's exactly how it is," I laughed. I stepped into the aisle. "I'll see you ladies when we land."
Jenny winked at me. "I hope so."
"Yes, we'll see you on the tarmac," Katherine said quite business like, as if a business meeting had just wrapped.
Maybe this conference isn't going to be so boring after allI thought to myself as I leaned back in my seat and closed my eyes.
To be continued...