Leaving the school bus Lance and Britney Foxx stopped in the yard to talk.
"Tell me everything again." He dances with excitement.
"I'm done telling you, Lance. Six times is enough."
"So you only fucked Corey and Coach Dawson?"
"Yes, already. Nobody else tried. They just touched me all over. It was awesome."
"You should have fucked more of them."
"Hey! It's my holes I can fill them as I want to. Now run off and ride your skateboard."
He turns to eye the neighboring house, "Rather ride Chloe."
Brit rolls her eyes, "Don't push your luck. She's a nervous wreck now. She cheated on her man with you. She's terrified you won't keep your mouth shut."
"And, get beat up by the Trucker? Hell no I won't say a word."
"Regardless. Let's not make her life hell, Lance. You do realize you're pushy and could get her into a lot of trouble with the Chuck. Law too if he tried to push the fact you're barely eighteen, right?"
"I guess. But, I "AM" eighteen though. Just like you being barely legal. You do your thing I'll do mine. Unless of course your thing IS my thing."
She rolls her eyes and heads inside the house. Lance stood in his yard and glanced over at Chloe's. He spotted her peeking out a window. She immediately vanished when she noticed he had seen her. This made him grin. Chloe was curious.
Life in the Foxx Hole was quiet for the next few hours. A peace that Brit enjoyed. Even after her parents came home. Dinner was quick and uneventful.
By 10:00 the house was in sleep mode. Lance however was wide awake. He carefully opened his bedroom window and climbed out into the yard. Once in the grass he moved in the shadows and did his best to peep into Chloe's windows. He spotted her moving about in a thin sheer nightie. He thought she was angelic as she sat by her gas fire place reading a book.
Looking around him he waited for a sign. Across the street he saw a blinking penlight pointer. With that Lance walked into the front yard and met his friends Styles and Evan who had also snuck out.
"About time. Thought you guys chickened out." Lance whispered.
Evan hisses, "No way. After you getting us time with your sister we trust you."
"What's the plan here, Boss?" Styles chuckles softly.
"Neighbor girl. Her name is Chloe. Age 25. Sexy hot blond. I tapped her in the backyard. Crazy day. She loved it. I think she's ready for more."
"Seriously? 25? Shit. That's freaking awesome Dude." Evan chants.
"Follow my lead." Lance coaxes moving to the front door of Chloe's home.
A creep up to her front step he rings her doorbell and waits with his buds behind him.
Seconds later the door creeks open enough to peer out.
"Lance? It's 10:30 almost. What are you doing up?"
She opens the door wider not noticing the other boys at first.
"Hey Chloe. Nice nightie. I wanted to say how awesome you were Sunday."
She turns pale seeing the others gawking at her thin nightie. Her tits were nearly transparent even under a night light.
"You brought company." She fidgets.
"Yeah, this is Styles and that's Evan. Invite us in."
She hesitates then winces, "You should go home Lance. It's late."
Lance grins and unzips his pants pulling his erection out to show her.
"Never too late is it?" He winks and strokes himself.
Her eyes bulge, "Put that away."
"I don't want to. It likes you."
She timidly smiles at his bravado, "Don't do this Lance. It's wrong."
"Wrong but oh so right. Let me come inside."
She shivers and they all witness her nipples stab hard from her nightie.
"See? They want me to come inside too."
Looking down at herself she sighs, "Why did you bring your friends?"
"I wanted them to meet you. Trust me Chuck won't know a thing. I swear. They swear."
"Obviously they know things already." She frowns.
Styles perks up, "Know what?"
Evan just shrugs and looks for invisible answers.
She shakes her head, "You have ten minutes." Chloe then unlocks her screen door and lets them in.
Lance leads the way as she moves toward her living room and sits down in her chair.
In the process Lance had put his cock away but left his jeans undone. They join her and sit on her sofa across from her.
She awaits Lance to talk, arms folded over her nipples.
"I just wanted my buds here to see how sexy you are. No tan lines with my help."
She fidgets further as their eyes examine her all over. She found it spooky yet exhilarating.
"Hello Evan. Styles. This is really awkward."
Styles nods, "It's cool. Lance is right. You are pretty damned hot."
She blushes and brushes her bangs from her eyes, "Thanks. Still, why are you here?"
"I have a few questions for you? Swear you will answer honestly?" Lance prods.
"I suppose. What?"
"Did my dick feel good inside you?"
She turns beet red and lowers her gaze in silence. Finally she mutters, "Yeah it did."
"I told my friends here how good your warm wet pussy felt. I told them there's no way to explain how awesome it felt. They would just have to see for themselves."
Her eyes dart wide, "WHAT?"
Lance then proceeds to pull his cock out for her to see again. His stroking made her look. She loved seeing it.
"He misses you, Chloe."
She whimpers at his grip sliding up and down it.
"Lance. We can't."
"Oh right. Barely legal! Little too late to worry about that isn't it?" He moves to take his pants and boxers completely off. His shoes kicked aside to make the escape easier. Just as swiftly he pulls his t-shirt off to sit totally naked beside his friends.
Her jaw dropped at his bold move. Looking at Evan and Styles she shakes her head.
"Awfully bold yet disturbing that you two can sit there while he's naked."
Styles grunts, "You're right." He then proceeds to disrobe himself. Evan followed suit until she observed all three boys sitting there stroking their cocks.
"I have no words." She hisses, "I'm not having sex with you Lance. Nor your friends. Play all you want. I'll watch. That's it."
"Come on Chloe. At least play with us. We can all masturbate together."
"I don't think that's wise." She resists.
Lance stands up and moves in front of Chloe whom looks up at him. He strokes his dicks mere inches from her face. She eyes him closely as he toys with her emotions. Darting her gaze from his eyes to his dick made her lower her folded arms. Her nipples again in plain view. Finally, Lance kneels in front of her and runs his palms up her bare legs and carefully pry her knees wider. She wasn't wearing panties.
"There's that beautiful kitty." He winks at her as his thumbs reach her labia.
"Lance. Please don't."
"Turning you on isn't it? Be honest."
"Of course it is. Now stop." She almost giggles.
He folds his arms under her legs and drags her toward him. Her back nearly reaching the seat below her. He then moved in to eat her out. She stiffened up as she noticed Evan and Styles watching Lance devour her.
"Lance? Your friends are watching."
With a muffled voice Lance tells her, "Make them welcome."
Chloe wheezes then smiles at them. Styles decides to get up and kneel to her side and reach over to play with her right breast. Pinching her nipple and crushing her 36C in his fingers.
Evan watching her reaction takes a deep breath and moves to her left and does the same. Now both boys were playing with her tits. She could hardly breath.
Lance looking up as he was eating ran his hands up under her nightie and lifted the clothe so that his buddies could feel the flesh. They took the initiative to raise her just enough to guide the nightie off of her.
"Oh, shit." She whimpers as Lance buries fingers inside her and twists.
The boys above decide to both suck on her nipples at the same time. She gave in without very little effort. Against her better judgment.
All she could do was chant erratically "So wrong. So wrong. So wrong."
She found her fingers running through both Evan and Styles hair as they terrorized her areolas. Her resistance disappeared the closer she came to gushing all over Lance's face.
She begins convulsing the nearer she got to orgasm. Loud shrill moans echoed through her living room. Finally, her body heaves and her pussy drenches Lance who pulls back gasping. This experience was all new to him. He loved it.
In a furor Lance stood up and grabbed her hands pulling her body away from his friends. She limply tumbles from her chair and collapses over Lance who slides back on to the floor.
On top of Lance, he guides her into position to slip his dick inside her scalding pussy. She feels his thrusts invigorate her until she sits up riding him. Her tits bounced vividly over Lance who gripped her waist for support.
Ten minutes later Lance pulls her forward over him and continues thrusting. She felt Styles move in behind her and crouch over her ass. He had every intention of taking her anus. She panicked slightly until he managed to insert his cock into her. She adored anal but had never experienced double penetration before. New to them as well. Still they found success and Chloe cried out in ecstasy.
Cumming like a geyser she buried her face into Lance's neckline. Still they tormented her with a consistent rhythm.
Evan jealous, moved to straddle over Lance and pulls Chloe up by her hair and taunts her parted lips with the crown of his cock. Giving in she sucked on his cock awkwardly. Cum was spilling everywhere. Styles creamed inside her ass. Lance her pussy. Evan her mouth.
Chloe was devastated and drowning.
As the boys relaxed she found herself numb and trembling. All she could think about was her boyfriend suddenly. Chuck was never this attentive to her needs. As wrong as this was Chloe enjoyed herself.
Styles and Evan got dressed and quietly left Lance to spend time alone with Chloe.
Laying together on the floor she spooned with Lance. Her warm exhales fuming from jizz. Lance winced at her scent. It was unexpected.
"Breath mint." Lance chuckled.
In reply Chloe purposely expels a draft of hot air directly into his face.
"Blame Evan."
"Yeah. Yeah. This was awesome. I'm glad you went along with it." He chimes.
"Did I have much choice? Other than calling the cops or your parents? Thus incriminating myself. Thus Chuck finding out due to a Police Report." She then sits up looking down at him with a glimmer of worry.
"What?" Lance awaits.
"Swear to me you won't tell anyone else. I have so much to lose if the wrong people find out."
"Only the Three Amigos. Well, and Britney. I swear I'll keep my trap shut. I want to see more of you."
"Lance? Don't hate me for being terrified. I like how you make me crazy. I just...I need space between times that we do this. You cannot be here every day. Not even every week. I'll still see you but it must be on my terms for safety reasons. Please understand."
He nods, "I get it. Yeah, I'm cool with that. Just let me know you think about me."
Smiling she pats his belly, "I'll tease you whenever I can. Text you. Luckily Chuck trusts me enough not to check my cell." She frowns, "Oh God. Now I hate myself. I have to live a constant lie now."
Lance decided to feel badly. Not that badly though.
"Live with it. I'm fucking you again and again."
She grins, "Okay. I think I can bluff Chuck. He's always trying to get me to be more open-minded. I'll tease you right in front of him. Bikini time next weekend when he's home. Let's see how far Chuck lets me go."
"Awesome. Can't wait."
Another pat to his chest this time, "You should go. School tomorrow, right?"
He sits up and grabs his clothes to begin dressing. She watches him put his boxers on then stops him. She pulls his dick out of its crotch slot and kneels over him to suck his dick. For eight minutes she fed on him until he nutted in her mouth. He couldn't believe her desires.
As she pulls away she shows him a pond of his cum on her tongue before swallowing. It gave him goose bumps.
Dressing fully he stands up and helps her to her feet. They shuffle together to her door where he stops to look at her.
"Call me and masturbate with Chuck watching you. Just don't let him see your cell."
She giggles and kisses him on the cheek.
"Better yet, while Chuck's fucking me."
Lance shakes his head at her eagerness.
"Dare you to call out my name when you do."
"I will. But, I'll have to say JUST KIDDING. Play it off like I'm goofing around."
"Fair enough. I better go. Miss me."
As he departs she dances in her step. Wrong or not she was having the time of her life.
She liked Lance a lot.