Thanks to all those who read the first part. I'm planning another part of this story as soon as I have an idea of where they go next. This part can stand on its own but if you want to get to know the characters better read part-1 first.
If you have any ideas of the direction you'd like to see them go in the future please leave a comment.
Generally, leave a comment anyway as it helps me a lot.
Without comments, the required work and direction can't be worked on.
Again, thank you so much for stopping by and I hope you have a great day.
Ben and Charlotte lay on the bed in Ben's camper van. She was lying on her side with her back towards him. While he rested his head on his hand taking in her beauty. He used his other hand to lightly touch her. He ran his fingers up and down her arm slowly. Not wanting the closeness they'd just shared to be forgotten. Not wanting to say anything, but needing her to understand this wasn't just a "quick fuck".
"I won't leave him!" Charlotte said.
"Sorry?" Ben replied.
"I can't leave my husband I won't do that."
"I never asked you to." He gently replied.
"I tried before, but it didn't go well - I chickened out. I had my bags packed and everything but there was too much interference. There was too much pressure from not only him, but others too so I stayed put."
Ben thought she sounded resentful like she should have gone when she had the chance.
"What do you want from me, Ben? From this," she asked. "I can't offer you anything, no promises - nothing. Why would you want that?"
There was silence as Ben thought through his feelings for Charlotte to come up with an answer that would ease her concerns.
"If there's only going to be a little of this then I'll take it. That might sound like second best but that's not how I see it. I'm beginning to see what life would be like to have you all to myself, but if I can't have it all then I'll have what I'm given. I'm not greedy. I'd rather have a little than none at all.
Charlotte turned over onto her back, her head kept turning till she was looking directly at him. She smiled. Ben looked at her and then allowed his eyes to travel down to her breasts which were uncovered to him. He noticed the swell of them and her nipples. He realised that even though he had just made love to her he didn't look at her breasts at all. His eyes flicked back to her face not wanting her to think he was ogling her. His eyes returned to her and she smiled at him.
"Men," she said.
"Can you blame me?" Ben said smiling.
Charlotte looked at him quizzically, "I don't see what you see."
"That's because you've been trained under a different master. They were happy to view your worth in work and value alone. In hindsight, they probably should have spent their time looking for aspects to love about you. Now, all they can find are the bits that annoy them. They feel worthless as a person so they make sure you feel worthless too."
"What makes you think you're so different?"
"When I look at you I see your value, I see your worth in terms of how you make me feel. I know I'm happy when I'm with you so I want to be with you as much as possible. I feel content with you. I have to be honest no one has come into my life and turned it upside down like you have. I want to make you as happy as I am and I'll do that no matter what it takes if you'll let me?"
"I've already said Ben I won't leave my husband, I just can't do it. You'll never have me all the time. I wish it were different and I can hope and pray but.....!"
"Then I'll work part-time," Ben said.
Charlotte leaned over and kissed him. He moved his arm over her and pulled her in tightly against him. He could feel her breasts against his chest and he felt the points of her nipples rubbing on his skin.
"Ben I have to go, I'm so sorry but I must go. I could lay here with you all day with you, but I can't be gone that long. Questions will be asked of me."
Charlotte got up and slowly climbed down from the bed. She started dressing. Ben looked at her taking in her wonderful curves. He caught sight of her breasts as she put on her bra. She looked at him looking at her and she smiled.
"You look at me like I'm the only woman in the world." She paused momentarily as if trying to think back to exactly how long ago that was. "Do you know how long it's been since someone looked at me like that?" she asked. "You look at me like you want to eat me!"
Ben smiled and said, "I want to devour you Charlotte."
"Oh my god Ben! I need to get out of here or I'll never go home."
Ben smiled and got out of bed. He got dressed and then looked out of all the windows. No one was around so he told Charlotte it was safe to go. He told her he would check if itt was all clear then he would call her out of the van.
"When I go out if it's all clear I'll tell you and you just leave. Don't look back and don't hang around, just go okay?"
Ben opened the door and stepped outside.
"Ben, come back in the van, quickly!"
Ben wondered what was wrong and quickly got back in the van.
"I can't go without kissing you goodbye first," Charlotte said as she put her arms around him pulling him closer.
They kissed for a few seconds, then Ben left the van to make sure the coast was clear. He told Charlotte it was safe. She left the van and walked back the way she had come earlier.
Ben got back in his van walked up to his bed and smelt the pillow where Charlotte had laid her head. The thoughts of the morning seeped into his brain for the millionth time. He smiled at his stupid excuse of trying out the heater in his van. Seen through by Charlotte so easily and yet forgiven in an instant by her.
He tidied his van before driving back to his home. Thoughts of their next encounter already manifesting in his mind's eye.
It was lunchtime when he heard his phone make a distinctive sound that told him Charlotte had texted him. He looked at his phone.
Charlotte: Hi Ben, can I ask you something?
Ben: Of course anything xxx
Charlotte: Do you think bad of me for doing what I did with you in your van? I'm married for god's sake. What sort of woman does that kind of thing?
Ben: I don't think anything of what you did. I was part of it too so it's not like it's all your fault. I get the impression you are quite unhappy in your marriage and I guess he is too. I think it's a loveless marriage and yet you're still there! That must count for something. I guess what I'm trying to say is you are not a bad person Charlotte, only the situation is.
Charlotte: I'm not usually like this Ben. I'm fed up with living day by day with no one to take an interest in me. I started forgetting that I was a woman. I seemed to be living every day in a grey world. Nothing had colour or feeling anymore. I just wanted to feel those things I used to feel.
Ben: I think we feel the same but from different sides of the fence. Don't worry Charlotte I don't feel bad in any way about anything you've done or been. Quite the opposite xxx
Charlotte: Thank you, Ben. You have become very important in my life and I don't want you to get the wrong idea about me x
Ben: You're worrying too much Charlotte. I was going to ask you when we might be able to see each other again. No pressure, I'm just putting the idea out there. I know you have to be careful and have limited time but I want to see you again. x
Ben: And not just for sex. If you want we could go for a drink. I'll leave it up to you okay?
Charlotte: You know I want to see you again! Leave it with me. I felt so sexy when I left you today and by the time I got home, I was leaking you into my knickers. It felt so naughty. Is that bad Ben, I feel naughty now just telling you.
Ben: I like it when you're being naughty. Be naughty all you like, I love hearing how you feel.
Charlotte: I had a shower when I got home I was all alone everyone had already left for work. I stood in the shower and while I was washing I closed my eyes and before I knew it I was touching myself thinking about what we did! It's like I've found the key to a door that I thought was locked and the key was lost for good.
Ben: That's so sexy Charlotte
Charlotte: I love being able to feel sexy again. I had better go, Ben. Thanks for an amazing day I'll be thinking about what we did for a long time. Speak soon Ben xxx
Charlotte: One more thing. Sorry if my underwear was a little less than sexy. I've not had a reason to keep any sexy undies so that's why they were the plain Jane type xxx
Ben smiled at Chrlotte's text he knew what had to be done. He would buy her something that was more in keeping with who she wanted to become. The trouble is he didn't know her size and he wasn't going to guess it!
The following Saturday he was at the tea rooms. He ordered his usual and while this was going on Charlotte and he talked and made a few private jokes. Charlotte made a big thing of turning round to show him her arse as she bent down to get some more cups. All the while she smiled at him giving her bum a little wiggle. He found a table. He looked around, seeing the other customers sitting at the tables as if nothing had changed. And things hadn't changed on the outside. Everyone there was talkative and friendly as they always were. Charlotte did her thing, talking and joking getting the orders whilst being the perfect waitress. He thought there was a good chance that everyone in that room was happy or at least happier than perhaps last week. Or maybe his view of the world had changed slightly.
That was on the surface. Underneath that, he knew what Charlotte looked like naked! He knew the sounds she made just before she orgasmed. He knew how she tasted and how she smelt with her perfume and her pussy juice smeared all over him. He knew things that no one else in that room at that moment knew about her. This wasn't some ego trip or one-upmanship this was an honour, this was a privilege. One that brought him an intimate feeling of closeness, of belonging.
Charlotte did her best to stop from time to time to talk to Ben at his table. They would talk in secret words and meanings only known to themselves. Charlotte would say things like "Have you been out in your camper van of late Ben?" and "Doesn't it get cold in there when you're all alone?"
On one particular visit to his table when Charlotte had come to fill up the condiment bowl. He seized his chance to find out some delicate information.
"Hey Charlotte, I was thinking that I'd like to buy you something special. Would that be okay?"
"You don't need to buy me anything, Ben."
"I know I don't have to," he fought back "It's something I'd like to do though."
"Why do you need to do that," Charlotte asked.
"Well, just something you said in a text that you don't have any nice underwear and I was wondering if you'd mind if I brought you something? It won't be too risque or outlandish and because it would be difficult to buy you anything else, people might see it. The present I was going to get you could be worn under your clothes. I thought it might be nice to wear something that made you feel special or some nice memories about someone who cares for you?"
"I don't know Ben?"
"I promise I don't expect any pictures or anything like that I just want you to feel special that's all there is to it," Ben explained. "If you agree there is one small thing I'd need to know. What size are you?"
"What size do you think I am?" Charlotte countered with a smile.
"Oh god don't make me say."
"Go on Guess."
"I don't know 34B?" he stumbled.
"Very close."
"Oh ok, how about 36B?"
"Yes, you got it," said Charlotte.
Charlotte walked away and Ben felt happy that he now had the info he needed. Not because he could buy her underwear although this was momentous in itself at least from a man's point of view. He wanted her to realise that she could depend on him for everything she didn't get anywhere else.
When Ben got home, he was straight on the web and 45 minutes later he had chosen Charlotte some underwear and a pair of hold-up stockings. He had only seen her wearing jeans and wasn't sure if she would want them. But he thought the two went well together so he brought them.
Two days later, Ben received a text from Charlotte.
"Hi Ben, I was thinking of going over to the woods for a walk I haven't been out in ages. I was hoping to go this Wednesday say 09:30. It would be good if you could join me xx."
Ben replied, "Hey Charlotte, that would be great I'd love to go for a walk with you. I'll see you Wednesday ;o) xxx."
Ben arrived at the car park early to check who was about. He didn't want her to be seen by anyone because he had failed to keep her position safe.
He heard his phone go when he looked she said she was ten minutes away. He had a serious case of butterflies.
After about ten minutes he started checking any car that came into the car park expecting it might be Charlotte. Until he heard her voice calling him. He turned around and saw her walking toward him with a big smile.
"Hi Ben," Charlotte said in her happy voice.
"Hello Charlotte, it's lovely to see you out this way, what brings you here?"
Charlotte smiled and said, "It's okay Ben we can drop the spy novels for this one."
Ben laughed, "Sorry, I wanted to make sure no one thinks anything of you and me talking."
"That's very sweet of you Ben but it's fine there's no one near us anyway. I see you've brought the van is the kettle on?"
"It can be," he replied.
Ben walked into the van and put the kettle on. He heard Charlotte follow him in, then he heard the side door close with a thud. "We don't want anyone to interrupt us," said Charlotte.
"No, we certainly don't," He turned to face her, taking a step closer. He was going to offer to take her coat but Charlotte put her arms around his neck and kissed him. Ben returned the kiss with as much want as Charlotte had offered him.
After a couple of minutes, Charlotte broke the kiss and using the back of her hand ran her fingers gently down his cheek. "Ummm that was nice," she said.
"That will certainly get some heads turning at the tea rooms if you do that the next time I'm over." Ben laughed.
Charlotte chuckled, "Wouldn't that be outrageous."
Ben grabbed a bag from the passenger seat and said, "This is a little gift that I got you." Handing the bag to Charlotte he winked.
"Oh Ben you shouldn't have. You're naughty, I didn't expect anything like this but thank you so much."
"If you don't like them I can return them."
Charlotte looked in the bag and smiled. "Oh my god Ben they're beautiful, I have never had anything like this given to me. Just looking at them makes me feel very feminine. Thank you so much."
Then Charlotte said, "Is that heater on?"
Ben moved to where the heating control was and turned it on "I got you a pair of hold-ups too. I wasn't sure if you wore anything like that but no worries if you don't. I just thought they looked nice together"
"I don't do these as a rule because I always wear jeans, but you know what I could start wearing them when I see you, how about that?"
Ben was taken aback, he never expected Charlotte to say that. If it wasn't the sexiness at the thought of her wearing the underwear. It may well have been the realisation that she wanted this relationship to carry on between them. Ben was excited about the future and the potential for seeing Charlotte more.
"I guess you want me to try them on do you?" Charlotte questioned.
"Hell yes, that would be great....Well, I...I..mean I..meant I wasn't implying that you do it right here and now. What I meant was you can do it when you get home and tell me how they feel. I didn't mean you know......right now."
Charlotte was laughing "Ben it's okay...It's fine I don't mind you seeing me naked. I mean you've seen parts of me that would make my mother blush. I hardly think changing into some underwear is going to be too difficult a task. But I think you should turn around and close those blinds and not turn back until I tell you. I don't want to spoil the surprise."
Ben had a look like a rabbit caught in the headlights "Well yeah umm of course....I'll get the blinds. I promise I won't look." He heard Charlotte chuckling.
Ben heard the sound of clothes rustling and the odd murmur from Charlotte. It seemed to take a lifetime before he heard the words, "Okay you can turn around now."
Ben's throat went dry as he turned around. He tried to turn slowly so he didn't look too immature. He tilted his head down so that when he got into position he could lift his head and see everything from Charlotte's toes to her eyes. He was sure he would memorise every inch as his eyes travelled up her breathtaking body.
Ben was looking at her feet, he slowly lifted his eyes to take in her seductive figure. Here she stood before him dressed only in underwear he had bought her. She was allowing him to feast upon the vision that was her in all her unadulterated glory.
The first thing his eyes took in was Charlotte's dark blue holdups. They encased her legs in shimmering light. They made her legs look long, slender, and exquisitely moulded. The stockings were made from the sheerest of flawless silk that accentuated every curve and every muscle in her legs. Every shadow highlighted the feminine in a dream-like web of promise. A look, a kiss, the scent of perfume hanging in the air on a moonlit night.
His eyes travelled up to her stocking tops where the elastic made a slight indentation of her provocative thigh. Then the band of alluring flesh between the stocking tops and the start of her panties.
Time stood still in Ben's mind, only to be jolted back to reality by the promise of this her most womanly centre. When his eyes got to her panties he couldn't help but take in a noisy breath. His eyes settled on the front panel of the material taking in the slight bulge made by her pubic hair. His eyes followed that down as it disappeared between her legs to encase the lips of her pussy. There it formed the slightest of indents as it parted her vaginal lips. A place he knew. A memory was served up by his mind as it ransacked his prefrontal cortex in a bid to put all he was seeing into context. His senses produced a physical manifestation and his mouth watered!
His mind, shouting at him to tell Charlotte to turn around so he could see her arse. Suddenly as if she heard his thoughts she started turning slowly around in a 360-degree circle. When he saw the cheeks of her arse he let out a tiny moan. Her panties were hugging her backside in the most delectable way. Mirroring the shape perfectly, following the curves of her bum until they parted and disappeared into the valley that separated her cheeks so naturally. The elastic sat slightly higher leaving a view of the bottom of her bum cheeks. In that space between the bottom of the knickers and the top of her thigh.
His eyes closed momentarily as if the spectacle was too much for him to take in all at once. He heard her chuckle at the realisation he'd been struck dumb. Unable to move. She had left him awe-struck.
He gazed at her stomach and her cute belly button. The faintest of muscle definition across her stomach noting the movements from her breathing. He noted her hands that kept smoothing down the material on her hips as if she was embarrassed to be standing there under his ravenous gaze.
Her rib cage called out for light kisses along the final distance that led to the underside of her breasts. These were covered in blue lace the bra cups heavy with promise. The tiniest hint of her left nipple shows slightly above the edge of the bra cup. Testament to her hurried dressing whilst in the van. Her nipples were more prominent because she was filled with desire as his eyes took liberties with her body. His tongue moved inside his mouth as if her erect nipple was already there. He was sure he could feel its hardness between his lips. His ears were sure they heard her moan as he sucked her nipple harder into his mouth.
His eyes rose to look at her face his eyes closed for a moment. He was not worthy to gaze upon such a sight as she stood there before him. He smiled, overcome with emotion and desire. He dropped his gaze as if waiting for a judgment from his queen.
"Oh Ben, no one has ever looked at me like you just have. I could feel every thought you were thinking. I'm so fucking horny, I need you to take me....Please Ben fuck me, make me your's!"
He took two steps towards her and enveloped her in his arms they began kissing earnestly. Ben's hands ran up and down her back and her sides. His hands grabbed her arse kneading the flesh and pushing his hard cock into the front of her panties. Charlotte whimpered into his mouth her hands clutching his cock through his trousers.
"Not here Charlotte." He said.
"Ben NO!" Charlotte begged.
"Trust me," Ben said as he turned towards the driver's seat.
"What the hell Ben, Let me get dressed first. What are you going to do now?"
"No, don't get dressed just jump into bed. There's a town just up the road you know the place!" he said as he turned to look at her with a big smile.
"Shit Ben you're crazy!" said Charlotte as she hopped up onto the bed and sprawled out laughing. "Ben we have to be careful, remember?"
Charlotte uncovered the back window and was staring out as Ben drove them into the small town just two miles up the road, "Fucking hell Ben I need to put some clothes on people will see me almost naked back here!"
"No, they won't, the glass has special black-out film that allows you to see out, but even close up no one else can see in."
"Oh, Ben you're so naughty!"
Ben slowed up and looked around for a good parking spot. He could hear Charlotte getting excited in the back. He looked over at her and saw that she was lying on the bed with her arms stretched out from her sides and her legs open, giggling to herself.
He saw a space that would fit in perfectly with what he had planned. It was about three parking spaces away from a small van selling fish and chips. He reversed his camper into the space so the back window of his van faced the fast food van.
He undid his seatbelt and walked towards the bed where Charlotte was lying. She moved around so her head was near the edge of the bed looking at him upside-down.
"Come here, Ben," Charlotte said seductively.
Ben moved towards her outstretched hands. Her hands and fingers move as if showing them grabbing at him. He moved towards her but kept slightly out of her reach. She whined and arched her back up slightly shuffling herself forward so her hands could reach him properly.
Her hands grabbed at his trousers trying to undo them. Ben moved one hand down and popped a button to aid her. In the meantime, Ben slid off his shoes and dropped his trousers leaving him standing there in his boxers.
"Ohh Ben let me see your cock," Charlotte moaned.
From her upside-down position, she managed to pull the top of his boxes down exposing the top of his cock. She yelped for joy as her fingers slid around his hardness. Her other hand pushed his boxes down lower until she could see all of his cock. She pumped him. The top of his cock becoming wet with his secretions.
Ben looked up and out of the back window. Charlotte caught the movement of his head and followed his gaze. "Oh fuck Ben, can they see me from outside?" She asked.
"No they can't see you, but don't make too much noise," he said as he smiled down at her.
"Oh the thought that I'm here in just my underwear inches from all those people outside drives me wild," she mused.
Ben looked at Charlotte sprawled out in front of him. The sexiest sight he had ever seen. He saw her lift her legs and open them wide showing her panty-covered crotch to the outside world. Lewdly displaying herself as she fondled his dick. To Ben's mind, this was a sensual overload. He moved closer to her. His cock was only inches from her pretty face. He placed one hand on the back of her head, supporting its weight, and another on her neck. He felt her shiver under his touch.
He gently lowered her head and guided her with his hands, he pushed himself into her waiting mouth. He looked to see Charlotte with her mouth open awaiting her gift. She shuffled herself into a more comfortable position. Then his hands gripped her more tightly as he started moving his hips while he fucked her face.
He moaned as he penetrated her soft lips. She gagged slightly as his cock touched the back of her throat. His speed increased slowly gauging her ability to handle his length. An action caught his eye, it was Charlotte's hands moving down her own body as he watched in awe. She pulled the gusset of her panties to one side exposing herself to anyone who might see.
Charlotte moved her lower body slightly to pull the martial to one side and make it stay there. Essentially, she left herself exposed while her hands came up to her breasts mauling them and rolling her nipples between her fingers.
This was too much for Ben, he told her he was going to cum any second. His mind was overloaded with Chrlotte's sexy visual display.
Charlotte moved her hands to Ben's hips and pushed him away long enough to splutter "Cum down my throat." as soon as she uttered those words he used his hands to pull her back onto his cock. Pushing it in till he heard her gag. He started fucking her mouth again. His thrusts getting faster and faster. Charlotte moved her hands back to her exposed pussy. She started rubbing her fingers along her puffy wet lips momentarily stopping to assault her clitoris.
Ben could feel her moaning on his cock the idea that the head of his cock was so close to her larynx sent him into an animalistic rage.
Thrusting in and out of her mouth he hesitated at the bottom of the in stroke, long enough for her to gag and moan on his meat. Charlotte's fingers were now moving with speed along her slit. Delving into her wetness then using two fingers to circle her clitoris. They were both moving towards their final moments of sanity.
The sounds Ben was coaxing from her mouth fueled his desire and the way he was fucking her mouth and using her, drove Charlotte on to new highs. She was gurgling and making rude noises as her fingers played nasty with her pussy. The wet sounds of her fingers as they moved over her flesh made her shiver knowing how turned on she was.
Ben closed his eyes and grunted his final song as he felt his cum rush up from the depths of his balls. The heat of his seed burned the tube in his cock as it bubbled forth.
Charlotte felt his cock get harder knowing she was about to cum. Her fingers flew over the lips of her cunt and her other hand pinched her clit viciously. She screamed as she felt Ben's cum shooting into her mouth. But the sound was lost as it moved from her throat into his cockhead.
Ben milked his cock with his fingers along his lower shaft. Milking as much cum as he could into Charlotte's waiting mouth.
Charlotte, now able to breathe properly, made rasping sounds as air and cum were breathed in and out of her mouth as her lungs fought for air.
Ben pulled his cock out of her mouth and bent down to kiss her. He could taste his cum in her mouth. They kissed, as his hands roamed over her body.
"Fuck I'm hungry," said Charlotte.
Ben laughed, "Do you want something to eat?"
"That would be nice, not as nice as the meal I've just had but it's a close second," She smiled.
"How about some chips?" he offered.
"Oh that sounds lovely, do you want me to come with you?"
"No, you stay here and rest I'll get them."
Ben threw on some clothes and his shoes. Opening the door Charlotte tried to peer around him to see how many people were about. She wondered if anyone had heard them rutting like animals inside the van, but Ben closed the door before she could see.
Charlotte lay on the bed and watched Ben walk to the food van. Whilst she was looking at him she realised that for the first time in a long time, she sensed colour in her life. Ben looked around and looked at Charlotte through the glass and blew her a kiss. Charlotte smiled and blew one back knowing that he couldn't see her but it felt nice knowing that there was someone who felt she was worth the gesture.
As she looked at Ben she undid her bra strap allowing it to fall to the bed. She got up onto her knees and pushed her knickers down and fell back on the bed kicking them off her feet. Laying naked on the bed she watched Ben buy the chips and walk back towards the van.
She felt happy and contented for the first time in a long time.
The van door opened and in stepped Ben. He did a double take when he noticed Charlotte naked on the bed.
"Did I miss something?" He asked as he handed the chips to Charlotte.
"I love being naked when I get the chance. Not that I have much of a chance at home but I do think I have a little fetish about getting naked in a public place." she smiled.
"If you want to get naked be my guest, but to be fair, you're not naked you still have your hold-ups on." Ben said smiling at her. Charlotte saw his eyes roaming over her body. It felt good to have a man's eyes taking in her body so obviously and wantingly.
Charlotte laughed and said, "I love dancing, laying naked in the sun. I love a jigsaw and a glass of wine or two. I like to be affectionate and I'm putty in the right hands, Ben."
Charlotte sat on the bed eating her chips. She could hear the hustle and bustle of everyday life going on outside the van. She loved the fact that they were right in the middle of a town and there she was lying naked on a bed in a camper van eating chips.
Everything in her life that seemed to stop her from enjoying herself seemed a million miles away at that moment. Everything that allowed her to fulfil all of her desires seemed within her reach. Something that had sadly been missing over the years.
Ben scrunched up his chip paper and threw it in the bin. He picked up a mug and lifted it up showing it to Charlotte. A silent question, did she want a drink? Charlotte smiled cutely and asked him if she could have a coffee. "I can make a nice Cappuccino if you like?" he asked.
"That would be lovely," said Charlotte.
Ben looked over at Charlotte, seeing her sitting on the bed with her stocking-clad legs in front of her. He said, "Don't get those chips all over the duvet, will you?"
Charlotte looked at him quizzically shaking her head as she put another chip in her mouth. Without warning Ben stepped forward grabbing he by the ankles he pulled her quickly forward to nearer the edge of the bed. Lifting her legs higher he opened her legs to reveal her pussy to his hungry gaze. Charlotte squealed "BEN!" as she grabbed her chips worried that she might upset him because of spilling the chips on the duvet remark earlier.
Before she knew what was happening his mouth was fastened to her pussy. His tongue was licking all over her lips and he was sucking her clitoris into his mouth. His insistent, probing tongue was being used to pry her lips apart and then burrow inside her. He let go of her ankles and started mauling her breasts and pulling at her nipples with his fingers. Charlotte moaned, "Ben what are you doing to me?" Her silk-stockinged legs rested on his shoulders.
Ben was far away in his mind as he ate his delicious morsel. He could hear the sound of Charlotte's legs as the silk rustled on his shoulders and voiced its approval of his actions. Moving one hand from her tits he stabbed two fingers into her sopping depths. Her wetness allowed him easy entry as he started fingering her. Curling his fingers slightly to rub deliciously on the soft pad of her G-spot.
Charlotte started grunting, "Be..Be..Bennn..go....ing...to..cu..m.fuuu..ck..I'm..m..m, goi..ng..t..t..to cu.u.u.m."
Ben felt her hot liquid shoot into his mouth and he devoured every drop like his life depended on it. Her wetness covered her pubic hair, her upper thighs, the cheeks of her arse. Ben was like a rabid dog cleaning her up while she whimpered and sobbed her way to the end of her orgasm. Ben kept fingering her although more gently now. He looked at her, smiling as he continued his cleanup job of her wet pulsing pussy. He noticed her chest and neck covered with fragments of chips from her chip paper. More chips lay on the duvet all around her. Charlotte's eyes were closed. Small aftershocks roamed her body.
Ben saw her mouth moving with words but uttering no sound. Her head twitched her stomach muscles moved in unison with his probing fingers that were still impaled inside her eager cunt.
Charlotte opened her eyes looking at Ben with disbelief and surprise.
"What the fuck did you just do to my poor mind and my pussy?" Charlotte shook her head "That was so fierce and so quick I couldn't stop those feelings. I was overwhelmed by the emotion Ben."
Ben lowered her legs back to the bed. He leaned over to where she was lying picking up the chips that had been shaken from the paper. "I'm sorry darling I got chips all over the bed." She said.
Ben smiled and said, "I don't give a fuck about the chips Charlotte, I was only messing with you."
Charlotte said, "Get your clothes off and come up here and cuddle me, I need you to be close to me. I need you to hold me!"
Ben looked at Charlotte, he could see tears in her eyes. He thought he'd done something to upset her. He asked, "Charlotte are you okay have I upset you?"
Charlotte said, "No Ben you haven't upset me, you've shown me something. Get up here now.
Ben took his clothes. He got up on the bed and lay next to Charlotte. She flung her arms around him and buried her head in his chest. Ben put his arms around her and gathered her close to his body.
She held him tightly not allowing even an inch to separate their bodies as she trembled in his arms. Ben thought he could hear her crying. "Ssshhhh," Ben said, making the comforting sounds. They lay there in that space for several minutes just holding each other.
"I can't remember the last time I felt this free or happy." Charlotte shakingly said. "I can't remember the last time I felt any of the feelings I've felt over the past few days. All I could see was me just existing. I was being what everyone else expected me to be based on how they wanted me to behave. I was like a trained puppy! I was taught how to act, and how to think. No one bothered to ask me what I wanted or what made me happy. I'd forgotten about myself it was like I no longer existed. But these last few days I think I've remembered that I do exist and I do know what I want. My opinion does count for something. I count for something."
Ben kissed the top of her head, not interrupting her not even agreeing with her. He just wanted to hear what she had to say. He wanted to apologise to her for everyone's acts towards her and their conduct against this beautiful person.
"When you're never told that someone loves you, you start to believe you're not loveable," she said.
She went on to say, "I don't want much, I'm not a complicated woman. I only want some time to do the things that bring me enjoyment. I want to be heard and not dismissed because my opinions don't count. I want to feel wanted and desired. Taken seriously even. I'd like to be helped to achieve my simple needs and not laughed at like I'm some spoilt little girl or outspoken bitch. I want to be treated like an equal. That's all I want Ben."
Charlotte lifted her head to look at Ben. Her eyes searched out his as if to gauge his opinions about what she had just said.
"In return Ben I'll be whatever anyone wants me to be and I'll do it with all my heart. I'll give everything to them and more if they want it. They'll never want for anything. All I ask is that I'm allowed to be the person I am now, happy"
Ben said, "I don't think anything that you've said so far could be looked at as outlandish or greedy,"
"Then why am I not allowed to be who I want to be?" Charlotte serchingly asked. "Why do I have to look after everyone else, but no one wants to look after me?"
"Maybe it's how they have always been allowed to act. Instead of them dealing with a person they think of you as their property. You belong to them. They don't have to see you as an equal just as something they own. That way they can tell you what to do rather than ask you what you want?"
Charlotte lifted her head moved up and kissed Ben lightly on the lips. Charlotte smiled and said, "All I know at the moment is I want you to make love to me. Take me, own me. Make me yours Ben. I'll give you what they can't have. They'll miss out, they can't have this that I freely give to you instead."
Charlotte rolled onto Ben and straddled his hips. Her soft pussy rubbed over Ben's semi-hard prick. She looked down at him smiling acting the tease while she giggled making her tits move in front of Ben. His eyes followed every movement her nipples made.
"I can feel your cock getting hard under me Ben," Charllote said as she half-closed her eyes. She tilted her head back and moaned. Ben moved his hands to her hips as if he was directing her movements. He looked at how her legs looked in her hold-ups thinking how sexy she looked with nothing else on.
Ben could feel his cock rubbing along her slick lips and his hips rose, lifting her slightly putting more weight on the small contact area between her pussy and his cock. So much so that she physically flinched as she passed over his hardness.
Ben looked down to where he could hear the lewd sounds of "cunt on prick" to see his cock pushed flat against his abdomen and Charlotte's outer lips hugging his hard-on as she rode his cock.
Ben loved the visual sight before him. Charlotte's pussy lips were on either side of his prick. She had positioned herself just right so her clitoris mashed into the thick mushroom head of his prick on the final upstroke. Ben loved the feeling he was getting as he looked at the sight before him. He was being used by Charlotte. Her twisted face told its own story of how she was getting much more out of this than anyone else in the van. It looked like she was in her special place. With eyes closed her hips were sliding backwards and forwards. When her clitoris touched Ben's engorged helmet she shuddered and a smile quickly broke the concentrated look she was giving him. She used her hands on his chest to push herself up allowing her to determine how much pressure she was applying to her wet red cunt. The sexy mewings and tiny grunts she was uttering were a testament to the effort she was putting in.
"Fuck Ben slow down, I don't want to cum yet," she said. Unaware Ben wasn't moving. He felt like he was nothing but a rutting and she was using him as a tool to get herself off.
"Ug, ug, ug fuuuuck me, you're going to make me cum you fuck,"
Ben reached up and pulled her down to him, he kissed her. This made her break contact and she whined into his mouth. Charlotte broke the kiss and looked angrily at him. Ben laughed and said, "I'm not moving Charlotte it's you who's bringing yourself off!"
"Ben can you get off the bed and stand facing me I have an idea," she said as she turned to look out of the back window.
Ben said, "You get off looking out of that window don't you?"
"I feel so naughty thinking if only they could see me riding your cock. It makes me so wet thinking what they would think if they knew what was going on in this van,"
Ben got off the bed and stood on the floor facing Charlotte. Charlotte smiled at him and crawled towards him. "I have a wicked idea," she said. She bent one leg at the knee and rolled one leg of her holdups down her leg, taking it off completely.
She grabbed his deflating cock and gently pulled Ben towards her. When he was close enough she got the stocking and tied a simple knot in the middle. She then put the knot over Ben's prick and the bottom of the noose was placed behind his balls. She pulled the two ends of the stocking tighter, tightening the knot.
She now had Ben's cock restrained with her holding the top and bottom parts of the stocking leg that were left once the knot was tied. She had effectively reined his cock with it.
Charlotte tightened the knot again and giggled saying, "Ben your cock is under my control," Charlotte proved this by pulling down with one hand, then pulling up with the other. Ben's cock lurched up and down depending on what hand she was using.
Charlotte moved into position getting on her back then bringing her shins to rest on Ben's chest. "Wrap your arms around my calves, Ben," she stated. Ben did as she asked not saying a word. Charlotte saw his eyes looking at her body and then settling on her legs.
"Do I look slutty enough for you laying here with only one stocking on? On my back waiting for you to fuck me?"
Ben looked at her and said, "If only you knew when I was thinking right now. But maybe that would scare you off."
Ben was transfixed taking in the sight of this woman with his hungry eyes. Charlotte pulled the makeshift reins attached to his manhood bringing him close enough so the tip of his cock was slightly touching her pussy.
"Now Ben, you will keep your cock touching my pussy and I will direct where I want it to go. When I want you to go deeper I'll pull you to me with my stockings then when I push you away with my legs you back away a little bit, but keep your cock touching my pussy at all times. Do you understand me?"
Charlotte waited for his answer. Ben only nodded. Charlotte said, "Ben your eyes are on fire, don't worry my prince you will have me soon."
Ben felt a pull on his cock and he moved forward a little until he felt Cahlotte's legs stopping him. He felt her hot wetness coating the head of his cock making him want to push further inside her. She pulled down on the lower part of her stocking, the head of his cock ploughed through her gash. Charlotte moaned moving her head from side to side in pleasure.
She pulled up lifting Ben's cock to the opening of her hole. She pulled him to her releasing her legs and allowing him to enter into her an inch or so. Ben made a snorting sound as she enveloped her lover's cock with her heat. She pushed away slightly making his cock slip out of her.
Charlotte was beside herself. This wicked game had her so hot she almost gave up and screamed "fuck me now" but she was also being driven on by the look on Ben's face. Pure lust was etched into his features. His eyes were darting all over her body taking in everything she was doing. He looked completely captivated.
"Do you want to push your hard cock into my pussy my darling? Do you want to fuck me till I cum all over that cock of yours? What if everyone outside could see us, would you keep fucking me?"
Nodding, all Ben could do was utter her name. Charlotte said, "I'm all yours Ben to do with whatever you like."
Charlotte pulled him towards her and pulled down bringing his cock to the lowest part of her cunt. Ben's eyes closed. Charlotte pulled down again, a little more. Moving his cock near her arsehole. Charlotte said, "You'd love to take me here, wouldn't you? Push that thing into my poor bum? But you're not allowed to are you, Ben?"
Ben looked into her eyes whilst he shook his head. "Good boy," Charlotte whispered.
Charlotte pulled up on her reins pulling his cock up level with her cunt hole. Allowing her legs to fall back she pulled him towards her. Ben impaled her on his prick. Charlotte sighed and moaned, "Ben I can't keep this up for much longer, I need to cum. I need to feel your cum inside me."
She let her legs fall back a little more pulling Ben forward as her legs fell back onto her chest. Ben pushed more of his cock inside her. They both moaned at the deliciousness of the act. Charlotte was losing the internal fight inside her. All she could think about was all of Ben's prick inside her nasty little wet hole.
How she had changed from the person she was only a week ago. Now, she was acting like a teenager or worse. Fucking in a camper van in the middle of a town centre. Wondering what would happen if the sides fell away exposing them both to the eyes of the onlookers and the onlookers to their depravity.
Charlotte had had enough. She could stand it no longer. She let go of the reins and got up she looked at Ben and crawled up to him putting her arms around his neck. She kissed him deeply, longingly. Snaking a hand down to wank Ben's cock. She was amazed at how hard he had become.
"I need you to fuck me from behind!" She gasped.
Ben reached for the hold-up tied to his cock. Charlotte reached out to stop him. She said, "Leave it on Ben, fuck me with it tied around your cock."
Charlotte got on the bed facing the window, looking out at the other people as they went about their business. "Get up here now Ben and fuck me fucking stupid," she demanded.
She lowered her head to her arms and looked out of the window. A shiver ran down her spine. She was delirious with passion. She felt Ben get on the bed. He stuck two fingers in her pussy fucking her with them a few times then pulled them out. Charlotte looked over her shoulder and saw him wiping his fingers over his cockhead. He looked up into her eyes. He looked away like he'd been caught doing something naughty.
"You bad boy, are you getting that ready to fuck me with it?" Charlotte sneered. "Please Ben, fuck me, I can't stand it any longer."
Ben looked at her smiling and said, "Do you want to move closer to the window while I fuck you? Get close so they have a better chance of seeing you."
"Oh, Ben that's nasty!" she said excitedly.
Ben got into position behind Charlotte running his hands all over her arse. Then up her sides to cup her breasts. Charlotte moaned as his fingers found her nipples tugging at them and rolling them "You're soaked Charlotte," Ben whispered as he pushed his cock between the red puffy lips of her vagina."
"Charlotte looked over her shoulder, "You make me wet Ben, quickly stick it inside me!"
Ben pushed forward without warning forcing his full length inside her, taking Charlotte's breath away momentarily. "Fuck Ben I nearly hit my head on the window......but it feels so fucking good."
Ben moved his hands from her tits and placed them in the middle of her back pushing her head down and forcing her arse higher.
He pulled out quickly but then stopped short before he pulled his cock out. Then slowly pushing it back in. Using slow movements to fully enter her cunt till his hips bumped against Charlotte's arse. He withdrew until, again he almost pulled out of her. Every time his cock nearly popped out of her pussy Charlotte squealed and pushed her arse back into Ben like her hungry snatch was chasing its prey.
"Pleeease don't tease me, Ben," Charlotte said between gasps. "Push it in all the way," she squealed.
Charlotte looked up momentarily as someone walked past the van window. The person stopped and peered in with a quizzical look on their face. Charlotte thought she could be seen and instantly orgasmed with the delight and embarrassment of getting caught. Mewing to Ben "I..I.think they can see me...Oh fuck Ben I'm cuming my darling...I'm cuming...I'm cuming." Her body was shaking as she consumed the feelings running rampant through her body.
Charlotte dropped her right shoulder and pushed her arm through to where Ben's cock was deeply embedded inside her. Her hand was grasping and searching for the stocking that was still tied around his manhood. Her searching fingers finally found the tied stocking and she pulled it through her legs. Ben felt pressure around the base of his cock as he withdrew from Charlotte. He knew what she had done. The stocking getting tighter around the base of his cock fueled his desire and he drove in and out of her faster.
Meanwhile, Charlotte was using the stocking that was still tied to her prize to rub her clit with the to-and-fro motion of the silk sensually rubbing over her crotch and clit.
"Oh Ben I'm going to cum, cum with me," Charlotte half shouted.
Ben was grunting and breathing hard through clenched teeth. He could feel his cum getting ready to launch up his cock and into Charlotte's depths.
There were sounds of wet sex and slapping skin. Their breathing was becoming more laboured. Interspersed with the moans of each other's names forever etched on their lips.As they rose higher to their ever-evolving climax.
Ben started fucking Charlotte with everything he had left. He was shoving his cock into her, his hips making loud slapping noises as he humped the cheeks of her arse with his hips.
Charlotte was being pushed further along the bed and was only a few inches from the window. Ben announced he was going to cum and was losing his soul as he awaited the arrival of his orgasm.
Charlotte murmured to Ben she was very close too. Ben heard this and using every fibre and every cell of his body he tried to fuck her harder. Willing himself to cum as he desperately wanted to finish at the same time as his beloved Charlotte.
With one colossal thrust forward he buried his prick into her pussy hoping to force the end of his prick into her cervix. Charlotte shot forward screaming "Oh my god Ben," whilst also having to put her hand up against the window with a "slap" to stop herself from shooting too far forward.
Just as this happened a man walked close to the window hearing a noise he stopped and using his hands to stop the glair from outside, peered inside the van. Looking Charlotte straight in the eye he shouted "Slag." Charlotte whilst looking at him on the other side of the window, came like she had never experienced before. Every muscle clenched. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Tiny spasms shot through her body emanating from her crotch outwards to her toes and her fingers.
Screaming with such ferocity and light-headed she collapsed on the bed almost hyperventilating with the pure physical exertion and sexiness of her ordeal. "Ohhhhhh fuuuccck!" she squealed.
Ben was already grunting his sperm into Charlotte's willing body. He was still fucking her making sure he miked every last drop from his cock.
Ben fell across her back quickly moved off her and wrapped her up in his arms. Charlotte kissed his arm and said, "I wish we could stay here forever."
The End.