Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 4
Arrow clapped their hands. "Listen up, everyone! Today is the perfect day for another sexy, sexy Strip-Off challenge! Welcome to the third episode of Strip-Off: Season Two! Everyone, give our contestants a round of applause!"
Cheers and catcalls came in from the crowd as the spotlights shone down on the contestants. Lilith, whose bust and bussy were still covered by her two remaining suit pieces, was waving at the crowd, smiling. Isabelle, on the other hand, was beet red, having been commanded to keep her hands away from her exposed breasts by Lilith. She blushed severely, looking at the floor and whistling as the audience eyefucked her boobs. Pup had lost two pieces of clothing, and Maya still had her suit on.
Arrow quickly moved to introduce the game. "Alright, we're going for a classic this time, everyone- it's time for a good ol' fashioned round of Truth or Dare!"
The teams popped up on the board: Isabelle and Lilith versus Maya and Pup, again.
Arrow scratched their head, shrugging. "Well, I suppose there are only three different possible pairings. We're bound to get repeats. Anyways, the rules are simple- teams will take turns asking for a truth, or a dare. The other team gets to ask a question of their opponents or dare their opponents to do something depending on which one they chose. If the opponents either fail to complete the dare or tell a lie, their team immediately loses! By the way, the suits check your vitals, and I can tell who's lying based on those readings. Oh, and the game will tie if this episode goes on for too long. I'll give you a ten-minute warning."
Maya scratched her head. "Simple enough. Are there any restrictions?"
Arrow shrugged. "No bodily harm, no impossible dares, no forcing people to talk about mentally traumatizing events. By the way, we checked those forms you all filled out- none of you listed any triggers or sensitive topics you wish to avoid, so anything is fair game in that department."
Arrow snapped their fingers. "Oh, right! I almost forgot." Some men wearing masks wheeled in a table full of sex toys, headphones, duct tape, scissors, paper, writing utensils, and various other things. "You can use these in your dares. You can also involve the audience. Again, no impossible or dangerous dares. We want SEXY, not UNREASONABLE."
Arrow then turned to Maya and Pup. "Since your team is considerably ahead in the clothing department, you need to pick something first. Truth or Dare?"
Pup turned and looked at Maya. "Truth, right? That's way less dangerous."
Maya nodded. "Truth."
Lilith grinned. "Here's one for both of you. How many times have you masturbated since the show began?"
Pup shrugged. "I don't remember." A loud "DING!" sounded through the hall, signifying that Pup told the truth.
Isabelle scratched her head. "I guess as long as the answer to the question is TRUE, it's fine to say whatever you want..."
Maya was about to say she forgot, then stopped herself. She blushed and said, "Uhm... twenty one. Once per day..."
DING!
The crowd cheered. The thought of the fiery, hot-tempered Maya sitting alone in a room every day and fingering herself, moaning out pathetically while thinking about the Strip-Off, was intensely appealing to them.
Arrow turned to the couple. "Truth or Dare?"
Isabelle immediately said, "Truth." Lilith nodded in agreement.
Maya grinned. "Since they're a couple, how about we ask them something that couples would not want to answer?"
Pup scratched her chin. "Have either of you ever cheated on each other?"
Isabelle and Lilith both grinned. "No."
DING! DING!
Maya grumbled. "Lucky you. You know how many people I broke up with for cheating on me?"
Arrow shrugged. "I feel bad, honestly. Truth or Dare?"
Pup piped up again. "Truth."
Lilith looked at Pup. "This is for Pup only. I'm curious- why did you use 'PuppyGirlBitch' as your username?"
Pup laughed nervously. "Outrageous usernames like that increase popularity..."
Lilith smiled. "That is just a factual statement, not an answer."
Pup blushed. "Um... it's because... I... m-must I...?"
Maya nodded. "Can't have Arrow's episode be cut short by an early-game knockout."
Pup covered her face in embarrassment. "It's because my deepest, most secret fantasy is to be put on a leash and led around town naked on all fours like a puppy, being covered in strangers' cum and getting aroused like a bitch in heat..."
DING!
The audience cheered and hooted. Some of them even closed their eyes, trying to imagine it while jacking off wildly.
Lilith laughed. "Very fitting image."
Arrow shrugged. "Your turn. Truth or dare?"
Isabelle responded, "Truth."
Pup fumed a little. "W-well, since I revealed my big embarrassing fetish... to BOTH of you, what is your biggest, most embarrassing sexual fantasy?"
Isabelle blushed, but answered right away. "I want Lilith to fuck me in public..."
DING!
Lilith frowned. Her fantasy... she hadn't even told Isabelle about it yet. But, she had no choice. "I... fantasize about Isabelle getting sick of me teasing her all the time, and getting back at me by reversing our roles suddenly. I want her to tie me up and tease me and step on me and humiliate me..."
Isabelle's eyes widened as she heard the telltale DING! "Really? All this time... You wanted me to..."
Arrow grinned, turning back to Maya and Pup. "Truth or Dare?"
Pup blurted out, "Dare! DARE!" Maya agreed- the Truths were getting a bit dangerous.
Isabelle looked at Lilith. "You're more experienced at, um... humiliating people... so..." She blushed a little.
Lilith smiled. "Okay. I dare Pup to act more like a dog. There are dog ears, a tail, some paws, and a collar on the table- you have to wear those, crawl around on all fours, add 'Woof' to every sentence, and call Maya 'Master' for the rest of the game."
Pup blushed. "Uh... the tail goes in my butt, right? But my suit sorta covers it, so..."
Arrow laughed. "You think we didn't account for that? The suit is super-flexible, so you can just shove the tail in your ass through your suit and the suit will just ride up into your asshole with it."
Pup slowly walked up to the table. She put on the doggy ears first, then the collar. She took a deep breath, picked up the short, fluffy tail, and slowly pushed it into her ass. She moaned a bit as it pressed against her insides, the suit stretching and tightening around her body a bit as the bottom of her suit was pushed into her ass with the buttplug. Finally, she put on the paws on her feet and hands. She got on all fours and looked up cutely at the audience.
"Um... I feel... so embarrassed, w-woof..."
The crowd cheered as Maya took hold of the leash connected to Pup's collar.
Arrow asked Lilith and Isabelle this time: "Truth or Dare?"
Lilith hesitated, then said, "Dare."
Maya turned to Pup. "What do you think? Should we go easy on them?"
Pup blushed. "Please humiliate them master, woof woof. I don't wanna be the only embarrassed one here, woof..."
Maya grinned evilly. "Heh. Okay, here's the dare. I dare you two to rub the aphrodisiac lotion all over your bodies, and then not touch yourself with your hands for the rest of the game."
Isabelle paled. "Uhm... I've... never used that lotion before..."
Lilith smiled at her. "Don't worry, it's not that bad. It feels good! I was wearing it for a whole week for my special punishment, remember? Here, I'll apply the lotion for you. Lie down..."
Isabelle yelped when Lilith poured out some lotion onto her stomach, which immediately began to feel a bit hot. She squirmed a bit as Lilith carefully covered her body in lotion.
Arrow scratched their head. "Man, it's a good thing those suits are porous. The lotion won't be blocked by the suits."
Isabelle moaned as Lilith passed her hands over Isabelle's covered pussy. The lotion soaked through the cloth and stimulated Isabelle's crotch, causing her to wet her panties a bit with arousal.
Lilith commented, "Good. Now, get on all fours so that you won't be tempted to use your hands. I'll just apply the lotion to myself as you do that."
While Lilith applied the lotion to herself, grunting and gasping a bit as she did so, Isabelle got on all fours, planting her hands and feet on the ground. She shook her hips a bit. "Uhm... I really, really wanna rub my body with my hands... It feels hot all over... Mmmm!"
Lilith smacked her butt with her hand. "No touching your body. That's an order from your mistress."
Being aroused and entranced by Lilith's dom voice, Isabelle gritted her teeth, said "Yes, Mistress," and held her position despite her body's heat.
Arrow turned to the streamer-turned-puppy and her master, asking them: "Truth or Dare?"
Maya answered for them: "Dare."
Lilith gasped a little, then regained her composure, trying to keep her hands away from her body. She spanked Isabelle again, which kept Isabelle obedient, and also kept her hands busy. "I dare you both to let five different members of the audience ejaculate on or in you. And Pup, since you're a dog, you have to lick your Master clean..."
Pup paled. "A-ah, woof... My Master is... gonna get dirty, woof...?"
Maya picked out five healthy young men from the audience. They shyly introduced themselves, and Maya waved them away. "Yeah, yeah, just jack off and cum on us already. If you need some material, well..." She looked over at Isabelle, who was desperately wiggling her butt in the air, her tits swinging beneath her; and Lilith, who was spanking her over and over. They were both trying very hard not to touch their own bodies, which were burning with heat and tingling with even the slightest stimulation of the cool interior air conditioning...
The men needed no further stimulation and began jerking off. The audience cheered them on as they all stroked methodically and in rhythm.
One man grinned at them. "I dunno... maybe we should just not cum on them, and make them fail the dare...? I'd love to see Pup's boobs..."
Pup whined and pleaded. "P-please come on this naughty puppy, woof... I'm a horny bitch in heat who wants to be your cum toilet, so please..."
That was all the stimulation needed for the men to come all over Maya and Isabelle. Their hot, sticky, white sperm splattered all over their faces and bodies.
Pup crawled up towards Maya and looked up at her. "P-please lie down, Master... I'll clean you up, woof..."
Maya blushed and lay down. She gasped as Pup's tongue ran all over her body, licking up any remaining spunk on her curvaceous body. As Pup went lower and lower down her body, Maya began moaning more and more, until she came violently into her suit, making it wet.
The men went back to their seats as Arrow turned to the couple. "Ten minute warning. Truth or Dare?"
Lilith said "Dare".
Maya, wiping off some of Pup's saliva from her body, said: "I dare Lilith to act submissive towards Isabelle for the rest of the game."
Lilith's eyes widened. She immediately stopped spanking Isabelle. "Ah... uhm, that's embarrassing..."
Suddenly, she felt the heat rise in her body. She had been largely ignoring her own sensations up until now, focusing on keeping Isabelle from touching herself, but now, she couldn't command Isabelle to not touch herself. Suddenly feeling very hot at being forced into submission, she started begging and pleading. "N-no... I'm embarrassed... Please, I wanna dominate my girlfriend... a-ahh, it's so itchy, please let me touch myself... Isabelle, please, please, I don't care if we lose anymore, can I touch myself?"
Isabelle was also struggling, especially since Lilith was no longer spanking her. "H-hold out... just a bit longer... that's an... mmm... ahn... order... don't touch yourself... ahhh, it's so itchy...! Please spank me..."
Arrow turned to Maya and Pup again. "Truth or Dare?"
Pup shrugged. "Dare." Maya laughed. She was confident they would win now.
Lilith shouted out quickly: "I dare Maya to shout, 'I love my ex-boyfriend's big, strong cock!'"
Maya's eyes widened. "Damn. I'm not doing that. I'd rather walk around naked and lose $200k than compliment that asshole's manhood. Well played."
Arrow laughed. "We have a winner! Lilith and Isabelle win- the game is over!"
Isabelle immediately jumped on top of Lilith and began rubbing herself on her. "Mmm... it feels so good to finally touch..." She kissed Lilith passionately and began rubbing her clit, while, using her free hand to cup Lilith's head.
Lilith was surprised at the sudden attack. "Mmmph... mmm..." She was clearly wet, and she rubbed her thighs together, enjoying the pleasure of the lotion on her skin in conjunction with her girlfriend's hot body pressing her down.
Pup stood up and took off the costume, wiping off the cum on her body.
Arrow laughed. "Titties out!" They clicked their remote four times.
Pup squealed as her midriff and cute breasts were exposed to the public. She didn't try to cover them, but her eyes were shut tight, and she very cutely whimpered, "P-please don't stare..."
Maya shrugged as the suit pieces covering her arms and legs came off. "This is... actually a bit more embarrassing than I thought," Maya said, blushing a bit at her exposed shoulders and thighs.
Arrow winked at the audience. "See you next time on Strip-Off! Next time, we'll probably be seeing some nice pussy, so get ready for that, folks!"