Note: Next chapter. Again thank you for all the support and all the comments and constructive criticism. Even speaking with some of you have given me new ideas and helped me to actually keep writing. Hope everyone enjoys. I'd also like to know, IF there are any female readers, what are your takes on the story? Any hints/tips or general opinions? Thanks people. You rock.
Carmen woke up looking into the bright sunshine that was splashed across her bed. She smiled and stretched in her white frilly panties. She loved the way they made her feel sexy, putting her bum on display whilst still looking beautiful and classy. She moved her hands over her bare breasts and wasn't surprised her nipples were already standing to attention; they were like that twenty four seven over the last few weeks. She finely rolled out of bed and walked over to her window looking out into her garden as she stretched again in the late morning sun. She heard a small gasp and she quickly turned around to see her brother staring at her in shock. Her eye's travelled from his shocked face down to his chest, his strong pecks and visible abs eventually landing on the bulge in his shorts. It was at about that time when she realised she was topless and her hands quickly shot up to cover herself.
Jake couldn't believe how sexy his sister looked in her cute little white panties, her bum looked as close to perfect as you can get and when she had turned and slowly looked him up and down he had been given a real life still shot of her perfect breasts. He had rushed up to her room to talk to her about the pictures he had seen of her but he knew in that instant that the real thing was far better. He still had the good grace to be embarrassed though and quickly started to bush as he stammered and tried to get an apology out.
"I'm sorry!" He finally managed to get out as he turned and tried to beat a hasty retreat but he didn't feel too bad when his sister laughed and shouted after him.
"Next time knock!" she laughed some more and as he made the kitchen door and was heading to his room he heard a rather interesting snippet. "And you owe me now!"
Jake was just finishing up his shower and drying off his hair when he heard the kitchen door open but he decided to ignore it and went on to brush his teeth. He wrapped his towel around his waist as he walked into his room going to look for clothes to throw on. He stopped in his tracks as he saw his sister sitting on his bed still in her beautiful white frilly panties but mercifully having slipped on a white vest so at least he could attempt to concentrate though her nipples clearly visible through the top did complicate matters ever so slightly.
"Aah yes?" Jake asked looking at his grinning sister and trying to keep his eyes above her top.
"Well I've come to collect." Carmen said simply though her heart was hammering in her chest.
She knew what might happen now was so much more than what they had been doing but she wanted to, just be a little naughty, she knew it was theoretically wrong but the way her pulse raced and the feelings that were running through her made her disregard what she had been taught and heard all her life.
"Collect?" Jake asked looking confused. He looked at his sister's face and behind her lazy grin he could see she was nervous and extremely excited.
"Well you got to see me so.." She grinned when she saw the look of fear quickly shoot across his face as he understood then laughed to herself when she saw the look of fear change to a look of calculation.
"Well I didn't really see all of you." He replied hinting heavily. He didn't know where this could lead and to tell the truth he was frightened out of his wits but the pictures of his sister the night before and how incredibly sexy she looked he wasn't going to back out now.
"Hmmm. This is a quandary." She said trying to think quickly. She didn't want to back out now but she knew if she didn't so something soon she would lose her nerve. "Ok how 'bout this, you get to see what you saw this morning then I get to see, well, you?" She asked quickly shooting a look down at her brother's towel and the clear bulge that was outlined there. Her heart pounded as he quickly thought it over but it seemed like forever.
"Ok, deal." He said motioning for her to get on with the show. He couldn't believe where this was going but decided to completely surrender and let it go where it would it would.
Jake could see his sister summoning up the courage as her hands moved to her shirt then finally with a deep breath that seemed to send the tension in the room through the roof she quickly pulled the shirt up and off, dropping it on the bed next to her. Jake had looked first at her eyes as they disappeared behind her shirt and he saw a little fear but mostly excitement and her emotions seemed to mirror his perfectly. The he allowed himself to lower his glance to her perfect tanned breasts with their perfect nipples and knew they were just that. Perfect.
"Aah Jake you there?" Carmen asked after a few moments of her brother staring almost dumbstruck at her boobs. It was thrilling to see him looking at them with such lust and obvious adoration but it still made her squirm a little and she wasn't used to such a feeling. She was usually always in control but the feelings she had at this moment made her feel completely out of control and it was something that she found she enjoyed. The confusion of it all.
"Yeah, yeah. Sorry was totally zoned out. It's your fault you know." He said looking his sister in the eyes and trying to stay cool when he felt anything but. "Your boobs are just.. wow.." As he watched the glorious smile spread across her beautiful face he couldn't help a nervous giggle from escaping.
"What are you laughing at?" Carmen asked her hands twitching and he knew she wanted to cover her breasts as a reflex action and he quickly tried to remedy that.
"You just looked so happy when I said that your aah.. boobs.. look so great." They both knew how silly it was to stumble on the 'naughty' words in their current situation but Jake couldn't help himself. "I mean you must know how awesome they are."
"They're ok but it's always nice to hear someone appreciate them, especially my big brother." As she said the words a taboo shiver shot through her and she realised where she was and what she was doing. The fact that she didn't want to move a muscle told her all she needed to know. "But enough talking, I seem to remember we had a deal?" She arched her eyebrow as she looked up into her brother's eyes challenging him.
"A deals a deal I guess." He replied as his hands moved to his towel and slowly began to unwrap it. He continued to look down at his sister's face and watched as it took on an almost hungry look and that look alone gave him the strength to let the towel fall from around him where it bunched up on the floor at his feet. He watched his sister as she inhaled sharply and her hands that had wanted to cover herself now twitched in a whole other way.
Carmen was shocked when she finally saw her brother's cock come into view. It looked bigger but somehow more silky smooth then in the pictures she had seen and beautiful was the one word that seemed to burn itself into her mind. Finally after she had been staring at it for ages she looked up at her brother's face which was a mixture of shyness, being turned on with a pinch of amusement.
"Honestly it looks better in real life." She said winking at up at her brother who chuckled to himself.
"You too. Though the pictures from yesterday were bloody amazing. What made you decided to take?" He asked truly interested.
"Well I figured I've been looking at yours and Katie and Cindz seemed to be having so much fun, thought it was worth a go. How crazy hot were Kate's pictures?" She asked remembering how her friend had fingered herself for the camera.
"Yeah that was completely insane." Jake replied. He was still impressed he could keep up conversation in the situation.
Carmen again moved her eyes down to her brother's cock and her hands twitched and she wondered if she should do what she actually want to do. Before she knew what she was going to the words were tumbling out of her mouth.
"Would you mind if I.." She started but she couldn't finish the words, it was just too much.
"If you what?" Jake repeated thinking he had a good idea of what she wanted to do by the way her hands had twitched up then fallen back down to her side. She took a deep steadying breath trying to slow her heart beat down to just below a frantic pace but failing miserably.
"If I.. if I touch it?" She finally managed to spit out.
Jake could see that his sister was furiously blushing and fighting with the impulse to turn and run but the way she was clamping her legs open and shut, her hard perfect nipples standing to attention and the way she was almost panting let him know the situation was having a similar effect on her as it was on him.
"Touch what?" He replied grinning wickedly at his sister.
"You know what!" She said looking up at him a playfully annoyed expression all over her face.
"I'm sorry but at the moment my blood isn't exactly heading to my brain right now. You'll have to be clear." He was so proud he was able to even speak coherently in the situation.
"Ok, fine. Can I touch your.." she paused summoning up the courage then whispered, "cock." Another shiver ran through the both of them at the words and when she finally looked up at her brother they were both red with the tension and just that one simple word.
Jake had been so proud of the way he had been able to string together whole sentences but that was all gone now and he could only nod to her question and watch in wonder as his sister's left hand slowly moved toward him. It was hesitant but there was no doubt this was exactly what she wanted to do. As her hand neared him, his stomach tensed and his abs flexed and Carmen couldn't help but run her hand over them and let out a contented 'hmmmm'. Jake felt like an electric shock passed through him as his sister's hand glided down his stomach touching him in a sexual way for the first time. He had sweat gleaming on his whole body, having mixed with the slight residue of water left after he had towelled himself off and as he looked over at his beautiful sister he could see she was flushed from the tension and the taboo situation and a small drop of sweat was sliding down her face leaving a glistening trail in its wake.
Finally her hand was almost around his cock but not touching and he could feel the warm of her hand mixing with the heat from himself and he watched as she took a fortifying breath and slowly grasped his cock with her silken hand. Both siblings gasped at the delight as Carmen's hand seemed to melt into Jake's cock and with a furtive look up at her brother she slowly started to move her hand back and forth her hand using his natural lubrication. Jake had never felt anything like this before, the beautiful girl before him, his sister slowly stroking his cock as she looked at it with a fevered intensity. Her little silken hand felt amazing and she seemed to instinctively know exactly how to do it as she slowly teased him.
For her part Carmen had never felt feelings such as these as her brother's cock was in her hand. She slowly moved her hand up and down and could feel him straining as her hand moved over his cock which seemed like steel with a silk cover, the heat that was coming off it was amazing. They had both moved subconsciously closer and soon she was using her hand to jack her brother off in front of her face. The thought that it was her older brother, the brother she had always loved and iodlized sent shock waves through her and made her quicken the pace without thinking. He groaned as she increased the speed and she looked up to see a look filled with love and lust all over his face. She smiled at him as she continued to jerk him off quickening the pace again. They looked into their eyes for what seemed like hours and this only intensified the feelings of love and lust that now tied them together.
"Fuck that feels so good Car." Jake finally croaked out as her talented fingers moved smoothly over his cock. He could see that she was now shooting looks at his cock and her face was moving closer and closer almost as if she was on autopilot.
Carmen suddenly noticed that she was within a tongue's distance of her brother's cock and knew that if she just put her tongue out she could taste the beautiful tip of her brother's cock now covered in precum. She knew she wanted to but she didn't know what her brother would think and when she finally decided to lick just the tip they both heard a hoot from a car and jumped. Even in their surprise they hadn't moved away from each other and although Carmen's hand had stopped pumping her hand was still loving gripped around her brother's cock. Another hoot sounded and they realised who it was.
Their sister Maria had arrived, they hadn't heard her car pull up or her opening the gate, they had been so absorbed.
"Get dressed and go help her!" Carmen said as she finally and very reluctantly released her brother's cock, stood up and leaned in giving him a quick kiss on the cheek followed by a wink then sprinted off to her room.
Jake was feeling dizzy, he had never been so turned on in his life and right now he kind of hated his older sister. He stuffed his cock into some restraining underwear threw on a pair of running pants, the first thing he saw then rushed off to help his oldest sister. He saw that his younger one had left a conspicuous rather large wet spot on his bed and the thought that she had been so turned on made him grin from ear to ear as he closed the gate and turned to greet his sister.
"What were you doing? You took ages?" Maria asked then looked over him with a confused expression. "Why are you so sweaty? And you look really keyed up." Jake stopped in his tracks a look of horror passing over his face for a fraction of a second before his brain caught up.
"I went for a run, you know how much I like that after action satisfaction feeling." He couldn't believe what he had just said. After action satisfaction? He quickly tried for something a little less sexual. "You know the whole endorphins in your blood and all." He stopped lamely. He should just shut up.
"Yeah ok, maybe you shouldn't stay in the sun so long though." His older sister said as she ruffled his hair playfully clearly thinking he was a little mad.
Jake finally let his breath out and shook his head after she had turned away.
Carmen had found the sanctuary of her room and quickly went to take a shower to try and calm herself down. As she stripped her panties off her legs she realised that they were completely soaked through, a fact she hadn't noticed till she had returned to her room. She felt so horny it was crazy, she could feel her pussy was gooey and hot and wanted nothing more than to masturbate for a good long time. She could smell herself in her bathroom and as she turned the taps for her shower she replayed the image of her hand slowly moving up and down her brother's delicious cock and her knee's felt weak. Now that she was away from the situation she could fully appreciate how hot it had been and her feelings of how wrong it had really been had changed into how unbelievably hot and sexy it was. She jumped in the shower and tried to calm herself down but she knew it wouldn't happen. Her fingers quickly made their way to her pussy and she started to slide then into herself almost roughly pushing two fingers into herself. She leant over and put a hand against the wall as her hand moved from her pussy to her ass sliding her middle finger quickly into her ass and she knew that she would cum soon. She leaned her shoulder up against the wall shifting her other hand to her clit that she quickly began to rub. The water was cascading around her and she could feel her orgasm racing up like a freight train as she rubbed her clit and quickly fingered her ass. Just then she heard her sister calling to Jake as she walked into her room and she hastily pulled her fingers from herself and tried to pretend to wash her hair feeling as if she was about to explode with built up tension, swearing under her breath at her sister and her absolutely useless timing.
"Hurry up in there Car I wana tell you about what Kimmy did last night!" She said as Carmen heard her bed shift under her sister's weight and she moaned to herself as she knew she wouldn't be able to cum, wouldn't get any release at all. She whimpered again and then told her sister she'd be out in a minute. Then swore at her under her breath until she was out of the shower and back in her room.
Jake and his two sister's sat watching tv and chatted almost ignoring the tv. Jake was wondering what was going on in his younger sister's head because he couldn't stop the images flying through his. He finally heard Kate's car pull up and knew time alone with his sister would be impossible until at least that night. He immediately flipped open his phone and got hold of some of his friends, he needed to get out of his house and try get his mind on something else other than his sister sitting topless in front of him slowly jerking him off. He grimaced and his older sister just shook her head when she looked over him and saw the odd look on his face. She clearly thought he was losing it. He kind of was if he thought about it.
Kate and Cindy came in through the front door and both grinned somewhat shyly at him but he barely seemed to notice.
"I'll see you ladies later." Jake said as he slipped his hands into his pockets and made for the door.
"I'llseeyou later." Carmen replied winking at her brother who almost chocked then made a quick exit.
Cindy snapped a look over at Jake and then her friend sensing that something was up but when she looked over at Carmen she was talking to her sister, looking a little to innocent. She wondered what had passed between the siblings but filed it away for later.
It was another beautiful clear day and Kate and Cindy were waiting for Maria to leave so they could get down to the pool and start their naked tanning. Maria however decided that she wanted to get some sun so all four of the girls made a move toward the pool. They all laid out their towels then slowly slipped into the pool and swam around lazily. Carmen could feel the water slipping over her hard nipples and caressing her burning pussy and had difficulty not moaning in pleasure around her two friends and her sister. Finally they all made their way out of the pool and towards their towels and she did something that neither of her friends could have anticipated. She slowly untied her bikini top and let it fall to the floor then almost teasingly slipped out of her bottoms as her two friends shot shocked glares between her and her sister. Carmen just grinned and motioned with her head to see that her older sister was in the process of doing the same thing. As all eyes turned to Maria with her hands holding the cups of her bikini in place she seemed to notice the attention and looked up with a shy yet teasing little smile.
"Carm told me you guys like to tan naked so I thought I'd join you. You don't mind do you, not gona be too weird?" She asked as she let her bikini top slide down revealing a fantastic pair of breasts. They were slightly larger than her sister's but seemed to have the same perfect nipples and shape and the other girls could only stare enviously at them.
"Of course not, it's more your pool then it's ours anyway." Cindy, the first to come out of the trance, replied slipping her own top over her head, her nipples already nice and pointy. Maria gave her a warm smile as both young ladies moved for their bottoms then grinned at each other and laughed as they both found out they had similar neat little landing strips.
"Nice taste." Maria said grinning at her sister' sexy little Japanese friend. She suddenly thought how the comment could have been taken and blushed a little.
"You too." Cindy shot back winking as both girls were trying to figure out what the other truly meant.
Maria had got an eye full of Cindy then quickly turned her attention to see Kate in all her glorious beauty from her big boobs with their pink areola and nipples to her completely bald pussy. She couldn't help but get turned on and she couldn't help but look over at her sister who was beginning to put sunscreen on. Her sister was nothing short of exquisite and completely naked with her perfect full body tan, her perfect breasts and her shaved pussy Maria had to put aside strange stirrings in her stomach.
The girls chatted throughout the afternoon but Kate, Cindy and even Carmen had problems not shooting looks over at Maria who seemed completely at ease. She was the only one of the girls who still had pronounced tan lines and they just seemed to highlight and draw their eyes to her prefect boobs and pussy. Carmen was literally almost going out of her mind, the sexual tension in her just continued and she felt like she was about to explode. She had never felt like this before and although she felt almost uncomfortable with the tension at the back of her mind she was enjoying it.
The three friends finally sat in Carmen's room, her older sister having just left after they had all sunned themselves the whole afternoon. Jake's camera lay on the desk connected with a new round of pictures to be viewed.
"Your sister is really cool Car." Cindy said to which Kate bobbed her head in agreement.
"And she's really hot. I mean your family really got the good looking gene." Kate added and they all shared a laugh.
"Ok let's get on with the show!" Carmen replied as she started up the photo viewer and the photo's slowly started to cycle through with Jake quickly losing his clothes. Eventually there were a few of him completely naked then a couple from his point of view, the pictures capturing his hand slowly jerking himself off. Carmen was literally panting with desire, remembering how they were all looking at what she had felt in her hand. She refused to touch herself, she knew she would explode. Her friends however had no such problems and both were playing with themselves as they watched the final two pictures show up. All three of them gasped as a picture of Jake holding his cock that was covered in cum and they all groaned together when another picture showed them the expanse of his stomach covered in his own cum, his rippling abs showing beneath the white sheet of his jism.
"Oh. My. God." Kate said as the screen went blank and they all turned to look at each other. They could see that they were all insanely turned on by what they had looked at but none so much as Carmen. Sweat glistening on her forehead and her beautiful hair was sticking to her face in places. Kate thought that she had never seen her friend look like that before but thought she had never looked sexier.
"Wow. Just wow." Cindy added.
"I have no idea how we're gona top that one." Carmen said to her friends horny as hell.
"I've kinda got an idea but it's a bit out there." Cindy said already blushing at the what she was about to propose.
"And that would be?" Carmen asked so turned on she would be keen for just about anything.
"Well don't think I'm crazy or something ok?" Cindy replied and both Carmen and Kate shot each other a bemused expression.
"You're blushing!" Kate said laughing. "Now you definitely have to tell us!" The Japanese girl looked at the floor for a moment took a deep, steadying breath and spoke.
"Well I was thinking we could take pictures together." She said looking shyly at her two beautiful friends.
"Hmmm, that's an idea. I mean we've done it before with the topless one's so it seems kinda like the next step." Carmen replied but Kate was a little sharper.
"You wouldn't be blushing like that if you just wanted to take some run of the mill naked photos." Kate said as Carmen's head swivelled from blonde to brunette and back again and she could see Kate was right, Cindy went through another round of blushing. "You want us to do stuff together!" Kate said a comical look of shock on her face.
"Well not for real, just like messing around, I'm sure Jake would get a serious kick out of it." Cindy said quickly, wishing she had never brought it up.
"Yeah I'm sure Jake would really like that." Kate said looking thoughtful and Cindy relaxed a little.
"I think that's a huge understatement. Well I'm keen Cindz." Carmen said grinning at her friend, horny as hell and wanting to see where this would lead.
"Well I'm usually the adventurous, risqué one Cindz, not fair!" Kate added laughing then looking over at her. "Well this is your show now, what should we do?" The big breasted girl asked of her sexy little Japanese friend.
"Well we could start like we did with the topless pics of the three of us I guess." Cindy replied and she quickly set up the camera on timer as they waited for the flash, all three girls lifted their tops above their bra clad breasts.
It went on that way for awhile, each girl picking a pose as they slowly slithered out of their clothes and eventually all three girls were standing in front of the camera completely naked.
"Ok Cindz, what now?" Kate asked.
"Well how bout I take a few of you and Car together on the bed?" The Japanese girl asked getting the camera and getting ready to shoot as the other two girls nodded. "And just kinda do what you want and I'll tell you to freeze or just take pics."
Kate looked over at Carmen and giggled them shimmied closer to her as they embraced. The camera started to flash as they moved their hands over each other's bodies.
Carmen could feel her hands moving over Kate's soft silky flesh and after everything she had gone through that day she was almost panting with lust. Finally she moved her hands to her blonde friend's big breasts and felt their weight as Cindy finally voiced her encouragement. Kate then moved her hands down to Carmen's breasts and slowly started to squeeze them and Carmen managed to stop a groan escaping only by clenching her teeth.
"Fuck Car, you have the most awesome tits." Kate said her hands slowly massaging them.
"Right back at you Katie." She replied as she played with her friends big boobs. Moving a hand down to her thigh.
"Nice Car." Cindy said thinking how hot her two friends looked together and thinking her sister would probably melt if she were here watching this. "Try a pretend kiss as your grand finale." She added hopefully.
Kate looked up at her friend with the camera and shot her a devilish grin and slowly moved her hands to Carmen's face stopping when their lips were inches apart. The camera flash went off a few times as Cindy moved around them looking for the best shots and then Kate moved forward her lips touching then her tongue snaking out of her mouth after a few seconds.
Carmen was a little shocked that her friend was being so forward. Shocked but pleased and thought to herself that turn about was fair play as she moved her own tongue out. Soon the girls were kissing for the camera ending with Carmen sucking and playfully nibbling on Kate's lower lip.
"Wow that was awesome you guys!" Cindy gushed as she was almost bouncing with energy.
"Well you're up next." Carmen said as she stood taking her friends place behind the camera grinning at her friends. She wanted to go with Cindy last, she had suggested the game and Carmen felt she would be more comfortable trying some naughtier things with her and somehow knew they would be favourably received. She also decided that she would take a more active role in guiding what positions she would get her friends into. She was horny. Incredibly horny.
"Ok on with the show ladies." She said and Kate immediately moved her hands to Cindy's breasts as she started to fondle them. Cindy leaned back on her hands offering her chest to Kate who took advantage moving her face close to the Asian girl's chest.
"What, no love for my breasts?" Cindy asked giggling nervously.
"Oh much love for your boobs." Kate replied as she lend her mouth down to her friends left breast and covered as much of it as possible.
Cindy let out a little 'oh' as Kate's mouth enclosed her breast but Carmen wanted more.
"Give it a little suck Katie." Carmen said it in a playful tone but hoping that her friend would comply.
And Kate being Kate went at it with gusto. She slowly began sucking on her friend's left breast and from what Carmen could see; swirling her tongue around her nipple then slowly worrying it with her teeth.
Carmen got some amazing shots of the action. A few close ups of Kate dreamily sucking Cindy's nipple then a shot capturing the whole action and the complete look of lust that was on the Japanese girls face, her eyes closed, loving the attention.
"Ok swap!" Carmen said and was pleased when Kate did so without hesitation. She got a few of Cindy's nipple covered in a sheen of Kate's saliva then focused again on the action. Cindy's right hand had come up without her thinking and cradled Kate's head whilst her friend sucked on her nipple and licked her boob. Finally Carmen called a time out and Kate lent back the dreamy look still written across her face.
"Oh yeah, much love for your titties Cindz." The blond girl said grinning at her friend as she motioned for the Asian girl to give her the same treatment.
"Wait, I wana position you guys." Carmen said and both girls looked up at her ready for direction. "Ok Kate lean back on your arms and spread your legs a little so I can get Cindy sucking your boobs and a shot your pussy at the same time." She felt a jolt of excitement go through her with the brazen words.
"Haha, I'm loving the dirty vocab Car!" Kate said giggling to herself but getting into the position showing off her completely shaved pussy and then sighing when Cindy went to work on her boobs.
"Ok Cindz put your hand on her thigh and Kate put your hand on Cindy's head like she was doing to you, like you really want her there." Carmen said watching as her friends complied without a second though.
"I do really want her there!" Kate said giggling. Cindy did the same but hers was a little muffled as she was trying to fit as much of the blonde girls breast into her mouth while moving her tongue over her sensitive nipple. She wasn't even close.
"Cindz move your hand closer to Katie'scunt." Carmen said emphasising the word for Kate's benefit and watched as her Asian friend slipped her hand along Katie's thigh almost touching her pussy.
"Oooh, naughty." Kate replied and both girls laughed as Cindy moved away. "Aaah not so fast Cindz, my other breast will get very jealous if you don't give her a kiss too."
"Ok then lay down on your back Katie and Cindz you swap sides and get to sucking." Carmen said as she watched her friends change positions and her Asian friend slid over to Kate, her little boobs pressing up against her side.
Kate's dreamy look came over her again as Cindy began to slowly lick around her breast then slowly suck her nipple into her mouth. Carmen could see that Cindy at least was no longer doing this just for the camera and the fact that her friend was enjoying sucking and licking Kate's big boobs excited her. It ended with Carmen instructing them to kiss and the two girls going at it with relish.
"You're up Car!" Kate said rolling off the bed and getting behind the lens while Carmen walked over to the bed grinning at Cindy with a mixture of shyness and excitement. The tension in her seemed to spike as she lay down next to her friend and they slowly moved together.
"Ok I think we should start with a kiss." Kate suggested as the two girls looked at each other and slowly moved their lips together.
Carmen felt Cindy's moist perfect lips brush up against her own and shivered with delight slowly opening her mouth as her Asian friend did the same. Their tongues slowly met as the passion seemed to build between the two and they both quickly began to forget about the camera as they got more and more into their kiss.
Kate said nothing just taking a few pictures when she thought it best and watched her two friends making out in front of her. Really make out. It was possibly one of the most sensual things she had ever seen. She watched as Carmen's right arm wrapped itself around Cindy's lithe little body bringing them even closer together, their breasts pushing against each other. Carmen's hand finally moved down to the Japanese girl's ass and slowly began to squeeze and knead her perfect little bum which Kate immediately focused on while Cindy let out a little whimper.
Finally the two girls broke apart both panting for breath as they looked at each other in a new light grinning shyly. They knew that what they had just done was different from anything they had done before and both knew the other had been extremely turned on.
"Wow that was really hot you guys. Fuck." Kate said looking down at her two friends grinning. "Now we get to see Cindy sucking your tits Car!" The blonde girl said clearly excited. "Wow this is better than porn!" she added.
"This basically is porn!" Cindy exclaimed as she slithered over to Carmen shot her a look of excitement then slowly lent her head down.
Carmen felt her friend's warm breath playing over her nipple but knew that after everything that had happened she doubted her nipples could get any harder. She couldn't help the gasp as Cindy went from licking and planting slow kisses on her breast to sucking on her nipple. The heat of their bodies making her body shine with a slight sheen of sweat.
Cindy could smell how turned on Carmen was and was amazed at how her friend was almost writhing under her, she just imagined what she would do if she was going down on her. That taboo thought, of her tongue dipping into her friend's pussy, the taste and the sensation, sent a shiver of pleasure down her spine, a shiver that seemed to pass from her into Carmen's body.
"Ok don't forget the other one Cindz." Kate said, her pussy on fire. "And move a hand up her thigh to her pussy."
"Cindy quickly swapped sides, her breasts rubbing over Carmen's as she slid across her friend then quickly attacked her other breast, her friend really did have the most amazing boobs.
Cindy put her right hand on Carmen's thigh, just above her knee and slowly, agonisingly, began to slide her hand upwards. She felt her friend stiffen with tension the closer she got to her pussy and finally her hand was resting right next to her pussy. The Japanese girl could felt the wetness that had gathered all over Carmen's thighs.
"Fuck Car, you're soaking." She whispered as her hand began to knead the soft silky flesh of her thigh that was covered in pussy juice.
"Yeah my sister kinda interrupted me this morning and I've been crazy horny ever since. And this whole thing is driving me a little insane." Kate chuckled to herself as she zoomed in and got a few pictures of Cindy's hand hovering close to Carmen's glistening, wet pussy and finally calling the action.
"Ok you better stop Cindz or Carmen might just blow." She laughed and asked them to swop positions.
"Maaaannnn, not fair!" Carmen complained jokingly. Well half jokingly, she thought to herself.
Cindy then lent back on her arms keeping her body up while Carmen slowly moved toward her breasts. Carmen teased he friend planting little kisses and licking all around her pert little tits but specifically avoiding her long pointy nipples. Finally Cindy couldn't take it anymore.
"Ok now you're just being meEEEAN." She said her voice going up an octave as Carmen wrapped her lips around her nipple and began sucking them with serious intent.
"Go Car, go!" Kate encouraged as she snapped a photo of Carmen pulling on Cindy's nipple with her lips, stretching it and then clearly licking it for the camera. "Move your hand to her thigh." Kate almost commanded.
Carmen had been waiting, hoping and almost fearing Kate saying that exact thing. She moved her hand further and further up her Asian friend's thigh, her hand coming to a stop to a few inches from her pussy. She could feel the wetness that had begun to gather around her friend's pussy, and although she was sure it wasn't as wet her own pussy she could feel the heat almost blazing from Cindy's little, tight cunt.
Cindy knew that Carmen was extremely turned on and she was wondering if her friend was about to take it that little bit further. She could feel the side of her hand just touching her pussy as she rhythmically squeezed her thigh and she knew Carmen's hand was further up then any of the other girls had done. As she looked down at Carmen she could almost see her working up the courage and her heart started to thumb quicker in her chest as she saw her inhale and take the plunge.
Carmen having worked up the courage slowly but deliberately slid her hand over until she could feel her hand cupping Cindy's pussy, feel the wetness and the heat on the palm of her hand. Cindy had shivered at the touch and continued to shiver for a few more seconds until she eventually managed to calm herself ever so slightly.
"Fuck." Kate quietly to herself but both girls heard her and saw the flash of the camera as Kate begun to take pictures again. "Kiss her now Car." Kate whispered almost as turned on just from watching what her two friends were doing.
Carmen grunted a reply and slowly stopped sucking her friend's breast giving it one last kiss as she made her way up, planting little kisses and licking her friend's skin on the way up. Her hand remained plastered over Cindy's pussy however and she noticed that the Asian girl had ever so slightly begun to rhythmically push her pussy up, rubbing herself on her hand. She didn't know if it was instinct or Cindy was doing it on purpose but knew that either way the Japanese girl was enjoying herself. Carmen looked into her friends beautiful face and saw the excitement there, saw it burning through her eyes.
"Hey." Carmen said quietly, winking at her friend, feeling much more comfortable now knowing that her friend was getting off on what they were doing as much as she was.
"Hey." Cindy replied shooting back a shy little smile.
Carmen looked down at her face and for the hundredth time saw how beautiful her friend was then slowly moved her mouth to her. It opened and soon they were kissing like they had always been doing it, their tongues sliding over each other, their lips crushed together and moving freely. Carmen began to use more pressure with her hand, now deliberately rubbing her friend's pussy, her hand soaked with her juice. Cindy's hips immediately took up the rhythm as her friend rubbed her pussy with Kate, almost forgotten by the two girls on the bed marvelled at what was going on, how hot they looked doing it and taking photos of it all.
Carmen knew what she wanted to do, and she knew with a fair degree of certainty that Cindy wanted it to, so when they broke apart for a air their faces flushed and glistening she slowly began kissing her mouth, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth and planting kisses around her face and the slowly arched her middle finger ever so slightly. The movement made her finger slide the tiniest fraction of an inch into her pussy. She felt the warm and wetness that had pooled there but held it there for a second as she looked up at Cindy with her eyebrow raised ever so slightly. There really were no words needed to voice the question and Cindy shivered at it.
"Oh hell yes." She whispered too quiet for even Kate to hear but Carmen could hear the yearning and wanton lust in those few words.
With that Carmen moved her mouth to her friends and as they started passionately kissing again she slide her middle fine into her pussy as far as it would go. Cindy let out a low long groan into her mouth as Kate swore yet again with what she was seeing and keeping photographic evidence of. Carmen slowly and deliberately began to move her middle finger into and out of her friend's pussy feeling the blazing heat as her finger moved in and the wetness that was covering her finger and spilling out of her friend's tight pussy. Cindy's pussy clung to her finger every time she pushed it in and out almost as if it hated relinquishing her finger every time it slipped out. Cindy, for her part, was grinding her hips and trying to get more as much of her friend's finger into her pussy. Carmen didn't even try to put a second finger in; her pussy was so tight and wondered how the lithe tiny little Asian sex goddess would get a thick cock, her brother's cock in her. She began shivering again as the taboo thought sent pleasure running up and down her spine.
Carmen finally pulled away from the kiss as they both gasped for air then slowly slid her finger out of her friend's tight little cunt.
They all stood for a second, shock, sexual tension and the smell of three beautiful, sexy and extremely wet and horny girls seemed to swirl around the room. Carmen and Cindy shared a little smile and Cindy winked at her friend while Kate struggled for words then grinned at her in appreciation.
"Fuck. Ok." She said putting the camera down shakily as shaking with desire from having just participated then watched Carmen finger their Japanese friend. "Fuck. Ok." She repeated herself clearly confused by lust.
"How about we put on a porno, I think we could all use some release." Carmen said as she turned her back to Kate and hesitated while looking at Cindy slowly slid her middle finger into her mouth and sucking off her friend's juice covering her finger.
Cindy's eyes widened in shock and stared at her friend who winked at her again. Cindy's face broke into a surprised but pleased smile. She nodded her head as she chuckled to herself as Carmen grinned back.
"Ok, fuck the porn, let's just masturbate." Kate suggested sliding a chair to the bed and taking her seat.
"Ok." Carmen agreed returning to the bed next to Cindy as they watched Kate quickly and almost roughly slide two fingers of one hand into her pussy while her other hand went to her clit and frantically began to rub.
Cindy and Carmen followed suit, the Asian girl rubbing her clit and pulling hard on the nipples while Carmen slowly slide her middle finger into her cunt, the same one that had been in Cindy's pussy and started to rub her clit with her other hand.
This was different from what they had ever done and all three girls knew it. They'd masturbated together before and even watched each other but now they were fingering and rubbing themselves expressly so that they could watch and be watched by their friends. All three girls eye's roamed over the other two, going from eyes, to breasts to fingers quickly working at their pussies. The atmosphere was charged with lust and all three girls knew they would cum so soon. Cindy was first. The other two slowed down their own masturbation to watch their Asian friend orgasm. Cindy quickly began to moan and moan as she roughly pulled on her nipples and her hand almost blurred as she rubbed her clit in tiny circles. She was so turned on as she looked up and saw her two friends slowly rubbing themselves as they obviously stared at her, no pretence about what they were doing that she started to cum. Like with her sister she seemed to keep cumming and cumming and soon her pussy began to gush covering her hand and pouring out, running down in between her legs and all over Carmen's bed.
Kate having seen this increased her pace, finger fucking herself quickly whilst rubbing her clit and it seemed that as soon as Cindy had come down from her orgasm Kate starting going up. She started humping her hand and started panting interspersing it with grunts and groans of pleasure. Carmen knew she was close and was barely touching herself knowing that if she did she would cum. She wanted to watch Kate cum first then be watched as she orgasmed. Kate suddenly went rigid as she started to cum on her two fingers.
"Fuck! Fuck!" she screamed twice then both girls watched as her orgasm raced through her and she shuddered and moaned whilst riding her hand.
Finally after a few more seconds she had ridden out her orgasm and with a final few shudders she shook her head, pulled her hand from her pussy and slowly started to lick up and down her fingers looking directly into Carmen's eyes almost willing her to cum.
Having watched Kate and Cindy cumming had brought Carmen to the brink. She had never been through the amount of stimulation as she had that day. First jerking off her brother, being interrupted. Masturbating in the shower, interrupted again. Then her older sister tanning naked with them, taking pictures and messing around with her two friends and finally fingering another girl for the first time, one of her best friends. Watching Kate licking her fingers covered in her cum with a huge grin plastered over her face and knowing both her best friends were watching her finger herself and waiting for her to cum pushed her so far over the edge it resulted in the biggest orgasm of her life to date.
She slid two fingers into her pussy and whilst rubbing her clit in fast little circle's she felt her orgasm begin to crash over her. A scream built up quickly inside her and soon she was screaming her lungs out in passion as she fucked her pussy with her fingers. She couldn't control herself and for the first time started to gush all over her fingers. Instead of it hindering her or surprising her it just spurred her on and she was gushing with such force, such built up sexual tension that it burst around her two fingers covering her hand, going all over her bed and even covering her taut flat stomach. She didn't know how long it went on for; she couldn't have told you anything else except for the magnificent pleasure that was thundering through her body. She hit her second orgasm somewhere along the line after she had finally stopped gushing and she began to groan loudly, not having enough energy left to scream. Finally she could feel the orgasm began to subside after what could have been minutes or hours and as the last few aftershocks shook her gorgeous body she promptly passed out.